This is truly a wonderful place for omakase. Very fresh sushi, well organized into an omakase course. Chef Ito is friendly. Highly recommend it.Conflicted about sharing, but you're going to hear about it anyway. Coolest restaurant in town, with great food, is in Queen Village. It's true.Best sushi I've had in the city... but they need a happy hour.  Tuna Guac is phenomenal, all the rolls were delicious.  Reasonably priced.  Great atmosphere.  Huge saki selection.  Packed on weekends.I am reviewing the sushi bar omakase in particular. It is really spectacular and is *easily* the finest sushi in Philadelphia. Chef Jesse Ito is a true master of his craft. The quality of the fish and preparations are immaculate and the price is very reasonable. A similar meal in NYC might cost you twice as much. It's still a splurge, but totally worth it for the sushi lover. The sake menu is also totally terrific and the waitstaff is highly knowledgable and able to help select a great pairing.We went for the full Omakase with Chef Jesse Ito. Hands down the best and freshest sushi in Philly. I must say it also rivaled San Fran Omakase. Everything is flown in fresh daily and Chef Jesse brings it to perfection. Overall a great experience that we will definitely be back for! In my opinion the best bites included:
1) fresh raw scallop
2) oyster
3) toro with caviar
4) uni + ikura + scallopPerfectly Japanese style food presentation of delicious and typical izakaya foods, with many sashimi options.  High quality ingredients and it's homemade, down to the gyoza.   The only feedback would be that the restaurant is too dark, and Japanese food is about color and appearance.  The darkness hides how great the food is.  Sake options are available to pair with your meal choices.The chef's table is expensive (half omakase - $65 per person for 10 pieces of sashimi), you are at the discretion of the chefs, getting reservations at 7-8 PM is difficult especially Thurday-Saturday, and you better not miss it because you face a steep price for any cancellation.
While the front room with the bar is noisy and crowded, the chef's table is in a separate room in the back with a notably reduced noise level. It only seats 8 people though. 
On the Wed. night we were there, Marcie Turney and Valerie Safran were sitting next to us. There is supposedly a steady stream of food industry regulars at the chef's table especially on Tues. and Wed. nights.   
It is entirely worth it. This is the best sashimi option in Philly right now and is on par with sashimi in NYC or San Francisco. The half omakase was also filling enough for a single person too.  
Best to go with a significant other given the very limited seating options at the chef's table. A party of 4 would work but likely would be difficult to get a decent time.I dined here last night, a Saturday night, with one friend. We arrived at 7pm and were seated within 10 minutes. Once ordered, both drinks and food arrived quickly. 
For drinks, we shared a carafe of Itami Onigoroshi sake. This sake was light and dry with a smooth, almost sweet finish. Very nice!
To fill our hungry bellies, we ordered (1) Hamachi Kama, (2) Agedashi Tofu, (3) Assorted Sashimi, (4) Ginko Nut Skewer, (5) Grilled Squid, (6) Sautéed Clams, and (7)  Tuna Maki. I would order 3 dishes per person.
No dish stood out as especially good or bad. The squid was slightly under cooked and the hamachi kama over cooked. The sushi was fresh and not overly fishy at all. The ginko nut skewers were lovely but overpriced. 
In the end, our bill came out to $50 per person - a steep price for an unimpressionable meal. I recommend patronizing Royal now, before the hype makes the meal unworthy of the wait.The atmosphere is dark but fun. Christine our bartender was quick and attentive. The food, particularly the sushi, was top notch. Not the cheapest sushi restaurant in the world, but certainly worth it. Looking forward to going back.Heard rave reviews for this place but after only one meal will probably not return. I got ill after a splitting a chirashizushi bowel and seaweed salad and felt the fish was not as fresh tasting as it should have been considering the inflated cost. Great japanese beer/sake and drink selection in general that goes w/ the exclusive speakeasy feel but feel this aspect contributes a good part to the positive acclaim...Best sushi I have ever had. Melts in your mouth. It comes dressed already so I did not feel the need  to add extra soy or wasabi.  Homemade ginger is crazy good. Everything is super high quality and made right in front of you by Jesse. It is expensive but totally worth it. A lot of the sushi is flown in from Japan. My wife and I had one of the beers they brew in house and it was awesome. Definitely can't wait to come back!A gem- the perfect balance of creativity and culinary mastery without trying too hard. The food is consistent, and the atmosphere "speak-easy" ish. Tuna guac is a MUST try, but everything on the menu is truly delicious.Lovely place to eat. It delivers great quality fish and they have so many options to choose from. The yellowtail and fried octopus balls were my favorite! We also tried the chicken liver which was delicious. The sushi was just as good and their miso soup is one of the best I've ever had. I do think it's a little overpriced but worth the experience. The place is cool but a little on the darker side.3.5 stars for service
4.5 stars for food
We are from out of town and was craving for good sushi after having a few heavy meals during our time in Philly. We came here expecting omakase but was told it is only offered on certain days. Ended up getting a bunch of small plates which were all very delicious. Service was incredibly slow and not attentive. I had to ask for water several times and for them to check on my order. 
Skewers- get the ginkgo nuts, chicken liver, skirt steak, and chicken thigh. They use a really delicious sauce and know how to keep the meat nice and tender. I dislike liver generally but this one was amazing. The steak was cooked to perfection as well. I would skip the lamb skewers and chicken gizzard, the dry rub was only OK and tasted a bit dry
Pork jowl, negi hamachi and yellowtail rolls, potato salad, grilled mackerel - defintrly get these items especially the rolls. The fish was so fresh and the rice to vinegar ratio was spot on. The mackerel was so tender and flavored nicely, you could taste the freshness and how sweet the meat was. Pork jowl and potato salad were solid choices as well
Cold tofu - do not get this, no flavor and the tofu is literally the kind you get from the supermarket
Overall it was a good meal and I liked the interesting selection of drinks they had. The food was pretty good and very authentic. Glad I found this on my last night in Philly. Disappointed I missed the omakase because after tasting their rolls I'm sure the omakase would have been stellar.I love this place and have been here easily over 20 times since it has opened. Usually one of my later stops of the night as it is easier to get a barstool. Bartenders are lovely and attentive. Super helpful with sake and the drinks I am unfamiliar with. 
I love how they serve the sake, they over pour it in a little glass in a little square box which traditionally symbolizes generosity and welcoming. There is a broad selection of other liquors as well and a pretty decent wine list. 
The atmosphere is dark and loud. They play awesome music with anime playing on the wall. Perfect for a cool first date. 
As far as the food goes I've had plenty. My go to's include ton toro, the skewers, a few of the sushi dishes, the wings, and the grilled squid. Everything is fabulous! I need to really get that industry chirashi bowl sometime, I heard it is an amazing deal with the "scraps" of the best sushi in town. 
I waited a while for this to open and couldn't be happier it is an awesome neighborhood spot. Next up is to score a reservation for the omasake before 10PM!!We happened upon this fabulous neighborhood spot  and were blown away by the quality of the small dishes and the high level of service! Each dish was a delight; hijiki salad, which I can't find anywhere in the Philly area, spinach gomai, eggplant cooked in the age dashi style, chicken and scallion yakatori, each was a savory gem.  The saki list was extensive and we even splurged on a couple of Japanese scotches after dinner.  I just can't wait to go back and try out the rest of the menu.This review is for the industrial chirashi that is only available from 11 pm - 1 am and is one of the best kept secrets imo. There's a chirashi option during regular dining hours that costs $27, but the industrial chirashi only costs $16. Not sure if there is a size difference, but it comes in a pint and the original intention is that it's for the chefs that are coming off work, you the real MVP. Its basically left over cuts of fish.
But on with the food. My SO and I agree this is one of the best chirashis' we've had. It's a little different in that wasabi was not given instead a roe spicy sauce thingy was given and geeeez it was quite a winner. Also the rice base was heavily sesame oil seasoned, which worked for me because I love sesame oil, although I feel like they went a little too heavy on it. I may come during regular hours and try out the regular chirashi and see how they compare. But my SO and I would definitely come back for the industrial chirashi as we think it's 100% worth the wait and so well priced.
We also ordered combo A skewers which were just okay and nothing to write home about. It didn't really give off the grilled flavor and the seasoning was more miss than hit. A star was docked off for the underwhelming skewers.
Ambience- they had a projector playing dragon ball z and SO was definitely like please take my money.I've never been here, but live in the neighborhood and never have.  I didn't want to lower the score with my post because that's not fair, so I gave a score that wouldn't change the overall rating.
Called to get information about the restaurant.  Sounded busy in the background.  Hostess answering was extremely impatient and rude.  
She was audibly frustrated that I had questions (why else would I call?): (1) do you take reservations (the answer is no for those wondering) and (2) if not when's a good time for us to come to miss the typical Saturday night rush.  The answer to my question was "every restaurant in town is busiest between 730-9pm".  Thanks.
Won't be having our anniversary dinner here.Tried this place on a Tuesday night and we were able to get seated pretty quickly as a party of two. We'd heard good things through word of mouth and when we were living in San Francisco had frequented some amazing neighborhood izakayas.
We tried about 8 dishes - a few were decent. The spinach dish was light and refreshing, and the shishito peppers were cooked very nicely. The chicken wings were well seasoned and the pork belly buns were enjoyable. The speakeasy-feel added to the ambience and the bar could certainly be a great place for a casual drink. 
But several of the dishes were thoroughly unappetizing. The squid was chewy and overcooked. A couple skewers of "Wagyu" beef and pork belly were so sinewy that I had to swallow the meat after unsuccessfully trying to chew it for a few minutes (the alternative would have been to spit it out). For $3 a piece, you'd imagine better quality, and there's nothing less palatable than poor quality meat. The absolutely worst dish we tried was the eggplant dish which was supposed to be lightly "glazed" with sesame but instead came with a full centimeter layer of caked sticky sweet sesame paste. We had to scrape off the paste in order to eat the dish. 
This was a thoroughly disappointing meal, especially given the expectation of quality and the accompanying prices. There are plenty of restaurants that serve better food in this city.Just had dinner here tonight. I knew this spot was in Queen Village where I just so happened to move two weeks ago, but I didn't realize it was right around the block! Having moved here from Haddonfield, I was familiar with the chef's previous establishment, Fuji, which was fantastic. 
We were seated right away, but the place was full for 5:45 on a Sunday night. The ambience is really nice -- dimly lit which I prefer, gorgeous decor, awesome music selection and a super cool projection screen on the wall showing old cartoons. 
The food was AMAZING. I ordered miso soup and the ginger salad to start. Hands down, best miso soup I have EVER had. The miso flavor really stood out, and I LOVE the enoki mushrooms they put in it. The ginger salad, also the best I've ever had. The dressing is INSANE -- so delicious, savory and complex; not at all sweet. I like to gauge Japanese restaurants by these two menu items as a way to know what to expect and they absolutely knock it out of the park. You may think it's impossible to mess up miso soup or a ginger salad, but I was truly impressed with what they did with these two simple Japanese staples.
We also ordered the salmon avocado roll, the tuna avocado roll, and the shrimp dumplings. All of it was perfect! Service was great. Spent just about $50 for the two of us and felt like it was more than a fair price for what we got.Came here for the Full Omakase ($125 pp) and was not disappointed. The fish was mainly shipped from Japan and was the highest quality available, which definitely showed. The omakase was comparable to NYC sushi spots which are usually even more expensive. My only critique was that the chef provided 5 out of 18 fish that were in the same fish genre and tasted mainly the same with only subtle differences. Overall I had a very positive experience and will be back in another season to experience new fish.Finally. I've been hearing about this place since I moved here. In my heart I want to give it a five-star review. But as is the trend with most restaurants I've been to within their first month or two of opening, they're always kinks that need to be worked out. The only kink I noticed here was the food; nothing really stood out. Don't get me wrong there were great dishes, but nothing you haven't seen or tasted before. 
The ambiance is fantastic. The Japanese television entertainment projected onto the wall a-la-Trestle Inn is a nice touch. Service was excellent.
The real star is the beverage selection. You have a great draft beer list, and their sake selection is fantastic. It's not often that you find dining venues that offer Nigori sake let alone more than one kind of Nigori sake.
Food: 3.75 (Tuna Guac, Hamachi dish, pork belly skewers; sushi isn't the draw here. Go for everything inside the menu.)
Drink: 5
Go check this place out for yourself, it's fun. Looking forward to visiting again.Holy skewers!! Give me more!!  This place may be tiny, but they certainly don't lack in delivering quality food and in great variety! Sake lovers can also rejoice because they literally have a sake bible--I've never seen so many different kinds of rice wines in one place! 
Hubby and I decided to have a date night on a recent Friday and I really wanted to try out this place. We didn't make a reservation and they were really crowded but surprisingly we waited only 15-20 mins for a table. It took me nearly that long at the bar to just figure out what I wanted to drink. I'm not big on sake and the bartender was nice enough to let me sample some but I ended up with one of their Japanese beers instead--the yuzu garden beer is very light, citrusy and refreshing; I highly recommend. 
Once at our table, I couldn't help but order a million things to try; I mean everything sounded all delicious, how's a girl supposed to choose?? Here's a quick run down (not the official names from the menu because I can't remember): 
Clam Miso Soup - flavorful and full of little neck clams but it got a little too salt for me
Spicy Crunchy Tuna Roll - because I have to order spicy tuna everywhere I go. Their's is fantastic and the "crunchy" is not overpowering.
Grilled Squid - so tender and great char flavor 
Pork Jowl - not my favorite although I really wanted to try it...it was a little too gamey/porky tasting for my liking. The texture was also not what I expected--somewhere between eating a piece of pork fat and chewing a hard piece of chicken gizzard 
Skewers - I ordered the chicken gizzard, bacon asparagus, bacon scallop and pork belly - all were so good! Some of the best skewers I've eaten!
Agedashi Tofu - a surprisingly large portion and very delicious. Again, one of the best agedashi tofus I've ever eaten. 
Fried skewers mix - a dish of fried veggie skewers that were coated in panko; these were ok but the pumpkin was hands down the best.
The portions were very filling and we ate until I couldn't breathe but it was delicious and well worth the "suffering." The service was quick but never pushy; everyone was very courteous and helpful. The ambiance was nice, albeit a little dark (hence I couldn't take good food photos, unless I wanted to blind everyone with my flash), but it has a cool Japanese bar feel with lots of energy.  We really enjoyed our meal and I can't wait to come back to try everything else on their menu...and to get more skewers!!!I've eaten at a lot of sushi bars and I'm super happy that the best one is right in my neighborhood. We had the omakasi in the back and it was lovely. Next time we plan to check out the pub in the front.
The service was really attentive and the back sushi bar was nice and quiet and peaceful. 
If you want a great sushi experience in Philadelphia, this is where you should go.The chicken wings were my favorite! I'd go again just for that and the buns. And the ginger pork for my hubby. 
The pork belly buns here are among my favorite I've had around town (sampan, terakawa and cheu noodle comes to mind). 
The gingered pork (my husband said this was his fave) and Miso soup was great too. 
4 stars because of the above, because otherwise it would be a 2 or 3 had I only ordered the below--
The next were disappointing. 
The black seaweed was not my fave in comparison to the classic green seaweed. 
The fried gyoza were basic and dry. My fault for not letting them know I had ordered steamed and thought I would just eat these! Bad move on my part. I really wanted my steamed ones :(
The cod was a bit boring, but also dry and too firm. Definitely was overcooked.Sushi was delicious and the reason for the 4 stars.  Other apps and food were just okay.  We loved the atmosphere and vibe, but be prepared to drop some serious cash because portions are small and the whiskey is very expensive.Review is just for the bar/ front area. Party of 2, asked if we could get a 4 top table because we're fat and order a lot of food especially at a place with Izakaya style apps and such. They explained that they needed the larger table because the rush was about to start, got it, no problem I worked at many restaurants so I understand but it did factor into how much we ended up ordering. Food was good, some better than others but definitely no major complaints. Grilled squid, NOT over cooked and chewy, perfectly tender. Agedashi tofu and beef tataki were good as well. The Takoyaki was good but did not have enough octopus and was mostly batter, good batter but mostly batter. The Pork Katsu we had was slightly over cooked, not bad at all though but the breading was falling apart when it arrived, not major issues but I had higher hopes. GRILLED HAMACHI COLLAR was perfect. I do want to come back to try the Omakase and hopefully I can give a solid 5 stars but in the case of the Bar dining room I would suggest giving it a try and see how you'd like!This is hands down the highest quality Japanese food you can get in philly. Jesse is incredibly talented and sources his fish from all over the world to give his customers the best experience possible. I've had so many different types of fish that I never knew existed tonight alone. Do yourself a favor and stop by, you won't regret it.Love this place. Nice selection of sake and very comfortable atmosphere. Food is great, agadashidofu and eggplant dish are nice. It makes me feel like I'm in Japan!Royal Sushi and Izakaya, without a doubt, lives up to the years of hype surrounding it. 
This place is nestled in a quiet neighborhood street with only the soft glow of single red lantern indicating it's presence. Very much a traditional Izakaya meets speakeasy vibe.
Once inside, although quite dark, your eyes can't help but jump around the intricate details- the dragon sconces, red seal ceilings, beautiful antique mirrors, long spacious bar with strategically placed sake jar candles. You can tell a lot of thought and care was put into every attribute of the space. 
The menu boasts an extensive list of sake offerings along with descriptors to help navigate even the most novice sake drinker. The food items are accompanied by a picture (again, very helpful and playfully reminiscent of a Chinese take-out restaurant). 
All of the food is outstanding, but what stands out as the epitome of umami are the Takoyaki octopus balls. These are a MUST try! The sushi and fish is melt-in-your-mouth fresh and each dish is small enough to be able to order multiple things and have fun sharing dim-sum style. 
I must admit- I walked into royal sushi and izakaya with the highest of expectations that I couldn't seem to stifle, no matter how hard I tried. I wanted to have an open mind and no bias, but the hoards of excitement and accolades continued to fuel my presumption of this place. I'm so glad to say that the ambiance, service and food is worthy of all the hype. Will be back (probably very often)!Fantastic experience! It was recommended by a friend and it did not disappoint!!  Sushi and sake were the best I have had in philly.  I look forward to returning.The bar, labeled as a Japanese dive bar is a good find. Dive bars, by Philadelphia standards are usually messy little hovels that live up to the name "hole in the wall". While many places seem to be a dive bar in this town, this establishment is clean and respectable. To me, the only reason to call it a dive bar is the fact that it is unassuming; only the red lantern tells of its presence. 
When entering, I am greeted by the clean and flavorful smells of the kitchen, no disturbing fish odor of many sushi bars, which is a quick disqualification for my taste. If a restaurant smells of fish, then the freshness of the food is in serious doubt. I came here looking for yakitori. I often believe that Japanese restaurants should specialize in the food they sell, and while this place is called a sushi house, the grill seemed to be the centerpiece of their menu! Aha! They have many items of grilled fish, vegetables, sausages, and meats, but for me the individual skewer list is what I was after. 
I began with the salty tsukemono. The assortment was excellent, but the sweet and salty daikon was my favorite. Then I had skewers. I ask d for the chef to make me five, as I believe that a good Japanese chef will know what is best to make. I had the salted shishito, chicken gizzard, chicken heart, waygu skirt and bacon wrapped scallop. UMAMI city. I finished with the Chichén scallion and the shitake. I had draft beer, in the piper small glass as I ate. It was a wonderful time. 
The bar has an outstanding selection of sake, taken by the glass, carafe, or bottle. There are many Japanese beers in bottles or cans, and a long draft list.This was a food place and at the right time. I had been down at the NFL Kickoff event for most of the day. It was extremely hot and I JD been on my feet all day. I looked on Yelp and found this place. A co worker and I walked here, didn't make a reservation and walked right in. It was a "hole in the wall" and was sort of hard to identify from the street if you didn't know what you were looking for. 
We were seated and ordered lots of plates. Since it was a tapas style we ordered many dishes. We started with the seaweed and it was perfect to start. We then moved to the sashimi. We got tuna and salmon and it was very good. We also got tuna and salmon sushi and it was very good as well. I noticed a bit of salt added to the fish. It gave it a specific flavor but I feel it was just a bit too much. 
We ordered 2 beef skewers and they were excellent! I would recommend these. There are only 2 pieces on the stick so order accordingly. 
We got a pork belly wrap, not sure how else to say it. I was not impressed but I don't really eat pork. 
We finished with a surprise dish that we suggested the waitress bring. She brought soba noodles, vegetables, beef and some other things and it was good. 
All in all, I'd come back and recommend anyone looking for sushi to try this place out.Best sushi experience of my life. The waitresses were very helpful when trying to decide which sake to order, the fish was melt in your mouth amazing, and it was an intimate yet friendly  environment. Can't wait to return.There's not very many high-end and quality sushi places in the city - the only other one that comes to mind is Morimoto. This place is part speakeasy, part hipster/cool vibe hangout, and part high-end sushi joint. The result is a really interesting and fun ambiance with a lot of character and alone worth the visit. As for the sushi, it was all incredibly fresh, high-quality, and presented well. You'll definitely find pieces of fish that you won't see elsewhere in the city but certainly Japan. The price however makes it difficult for me to justify visiting more often.OMG. Some of the best sushi I have EVER had. My husband and I were visiting PA and I Yelped a few places and ended up coming here. It's totally hidden - we're from Los Angeles so when our Uber driver told us we were there, we had to figure out where to go. This was probably the best meal I had out there. The fish was fresh, nothing was over-sauced and the service was wonderful. I wish they had one of these in Los Angeles!My wife and I just moved into the neighborhood and stopped in on the advice of a friend. What a great little place. You know it has to be a good Japanese place when there are three Japanese couples eating next to you obviously enjoying the food. 
We ordered multiple small plates to get a variety and shared each dish. All of them were very good. The miso soup was the best I have had. 
We have no experience with sake. None. We asked the waitress and she gave us a quick beginners course in sake. They have a vast selection. We may have to watch out for sake. It was delicious.
One little drawback that wasn't really all that bad. We didnt get our last plate. The waitress was kind enough to comp one of our drinks. Honestly, we may have not been able to eat it. We were quite full. Love the place. Great atmosphere, food and drinks.This sushi place was good. I really recommend getting the sashimi combo so you can value their fish selection. If you like sake, this is your place! The service was great as well. The music was a little loud but that's what you get for their concept which is a "punk rock" Japanese dive bar. But in the case of America, there's nothing dive ish about it.The food was really great - super fresh fish and delicious side dishes. Large Sake selection and helpful waiter who helped us decide what to orderGreat customer service but the food is nothing impressive. Same level as Yakitori boy. Potato salad, sashimi app (very fresh) and pork bun was good. Other than that everything is way overpriced. The fried chicken was extremely salty. I'd not come back again. Wasn't a bad experience thanks to the customer service. I'm from Japan. Wasn't that authentic... :-/Amazing food and experience, super cool interiorGreat food. It fills up quickly on a weekend evening.
The sushi is extremely fresh - the salmon nice and fatty. The seaweed salads are well priced and add to the meal. The place has a bar atmosphere and nice draft beer selection. Not at all your typical Japanese restaurant.
Highly recommended.So happy to see Philly is finally stepping up its Izakaya (Japanese bar food and stuff on sticks) game! This is definitely cheaper than Double Knot and better than Yakitori Boy, so it fills a much needed space in a great neighborhood. I've been to both and I can tell you, in Lorde's words, they'll never be Royal...
We LOVED:
Takoyaki: creamy, gooey, flavorful, just don't get freaked out by the bonito flakes moving!
Tuna Guac: thick slabs of tuna, peppery/wasabi oil, delicious guac.
Beef Tataki: thinly sliced rare beef, good sauce.
Combo B: The pork belly, the bacon wrapped asparagus, the bacon wrapped scallop, the chicken, chicken liver (they allowed substitution and we saved them 25 cents), shishito peppers (watch out these were spicy) were all cooked perfectly.
Gyoza: hard to mess these up, and they didn't.
Chasiu buns: would have liked a warning that they only come with 2, but it didn't take to long for a 2nd order to come out.
They have an impressive drink menu and large food menu (with pictures in case you don't know what anything is) and it's always a good sign when you want everything. There's a lot of bar space and  mostly small tables. Probably not a good place for a group of more than 4. No reservations and they were pretty busy on a Sunday night for only having been open a few weeks. $30 each incl. tax and tip for what we got seemed like a decent price point. Will definitely be back!We had an exceptional experience this evening. My wife and I took our daughter out for her 30th birthday. The food was fresh, and all of the recommendations from our server, Diana, were spot on. 
I would HIGHLY recommend this restaurant to anyone visiting Queen Village. Try to get a table in the back-- softer noise level. 
P.s. the 'Hidden Man Mountain Saki' is a hidden gem!Finally. I've been hearing about this place since I moved here. In my heart I want to give it a five-star review. But as is the trend with most restaurants I've been to within their first month or two of opening, they're always kinks that need to be worked out. The only kink I noticed here was the food; nothing really stood out. Don't get me wrong there were excellent dishes, but nothing you haven't seen or tasted before. 
The ambiance is fantastic. The Japanese television entertainment projected onto the wall a-la-Trestle Inn is a nice touch. Service was excellent.
The real star is the beverage selection. Do you have a great draft beer list, and their sake selection is fantastic. It's not often that you find dining venues that offer Nigori sake let alone more than one kind of Nigori sake.
Food: 3.75 (Tuna Guac, Hamachi Kama, Karaage Wings, Shogayaki, Pork Belly Skewers; sushi isn't the draw here. Go for everything inside the menu.)
Drink: 5.00
Go check this place out for yourself, it's fun. Looking forward to visiting again and exploring the drink action more.Came here with a group of friends; one being a person that lived in Japan for a number of years.  We all had a great time; service was friendly and attentive enough.  The space was fun and had a great vibe.  Before I even ordered anything I thought "I want one of these in my neighborhood".  The bartender was very cool and offered to make anything for us while we waited for our friends to show up.  Food was all great.  Cant wait to come back!This is one hidden gem in Philly!! I don't even want to write a review so its not slammed packed lol! Don't let the blue front door and red lantern fool you...it's an amazing restaurant behind that plain building front! I Took a cpl clients out there last night for dinner...very nice secluded place! Amazing saki selection!! We sat at the main bar, Katherine was very helpful on selecting the best saki for our pallet...there is 3+ dozen selections of cold/warm/hot saki. Sushi was delicious...but the chicken hearts were AMAZING! Will def make this a staple spot!!!Loved the food. Loved the ambience. Service was fast, and the prices are very reasonable. Just go you'll love it.This place is a hidden gem. Gets super busy. Have a very good collection of cocktails and sake. Their food is quite good and served was quite knowledgeable.Its overpriced but very tasty. Has authentic dishes but also caters to the less adventurous.
Got some skewers - well cooked but didn't taste like they were from the grill. Needs a kiss of fire and a little smoke. Get the chicken gizzards. 
Sashimi was fresh and good quality. Agedashi tofu was okay.Amazing sushi. We we're lucky to get the omakase at the sushi bar. Would recommend getting a half omakase and trying their other dishes. Each piece of sushi was so delicious and melted in your mouth. You definitely must order a hand roll, it was the best we have ever had.This place does it right. Everything from the ambiance (old school Japanese movies are played from a projector onto the brick wall) to the bar scene to the menu, this place is a home run. The extensive sake menu is unlike anything I've seen around and they have a few specially crafted brews just for Royal Sushi. As far as the food is concerned everything we had is excellent. Even if you're not an adventurous eater this Izakaya has something for everyone. Definitely worth the visit!In PHL for a trade show, found on Yelp and thrilled. The red lantern outside is the only sign I saw. Inside looks more like an Irish pub than an Izakaya style Japanese restaurant but there was no colcannon here!  I wanted to try everything on the menu but satisfied myself with fried oysters (not great but good), yakitori (thigh), Wakame salad, large shrimp shumai and assorted sashimi. A beer to start and a carafe of Junmai sake and I was a happy camper. The shumai were outstanding, the salad tasty and the sashimi fresh, beautiful and delicious. So many dishes left untried for the next time. A great find in a cool  neighborhood.  Definitely worth the Lyft/Uber ride.Amazing food and wonderful beer and sake selection. One of my favorites in Philadelphia. There is also a special sushi bar in the back. It has a great vibe although sometimes the music can be loud.Amazing atmosphere, inconspicuous entry that leads to an old fashioned bar and traditional sit down sushi bar in the back.  Bar area is a little too dark and could use additional lighting however the sushi and appetizers were on point. Best way to describe this place would be a sushi speakeasy.Freshest fish in the area and the omakase was an amazing experience. We'll certainly be back for more.Went for our anniversary. Did the full omakase. Sushi was really good. Although the chef didn't get our last order request but we were stuffed at that point so no worries. Not bad for Philly.I try to go here once a week or so to enjoy the freshest sushi I've ever had! The rolls are loaded with delicious fish, and the Wagyu beef and pork belly skewers are crisp on the outside, and juicy and flavorful on the inside. Another favorite is the tuna guac, which has some incredible chunks of raw tuna with guacamole and soy sauce. The atmosphere is another great aspect of this place. No windows in a classic looking bar makes it feel like a real hidden secret, but I can't help myself and I keep telling everyone I know about how great it is. Find the red lantern outside and check this place out if you love sushi.My husband and I went for their 18 piece omakase, and we were absolutely blown away. We stalked the reservation system for a while and managed to score an 8pm seating time - 8 seats are all that's available, so it can be a little difficult to get reservations. We LOVE sushi, and this place serves the best. The quality of the fish is out of this world. So fresh and so melt in your mouth good. Though pricey, it was definitely worth it. We went for my birthday and it has to be one of the best dinners I've ever had in the history of me living. If you are a sushi connoisseur, don't walk, RUN to royal izakaya!The food here is off the charts good. I'd recommend getting the pork jowls, takoyaki balls, and agedashi tofu. They also have an impressive list of sakes and Japanese beers. The service is great, and I love how low-key the interior is. This was the second time I've been to Royal Izakaya, but it won't be the last!A casual bar atmosphere with Japanese izakaya fare. Great sake and whiskey selection. The raw fish tasted extremely fresh. On two occasions, I tried the sashimi platter on special, grilled shishito peppers, shrimp tempura and avocado roll, spicy salmon roll, vegetable and pork gyoza, and the mochi. The black sesame and strawberry mochi worked well together. 
Service was attentive. Take a lyft/uber/cab as parking can be difficult.It's still fall but this place has already become my winter fav for a warm and cozy night out.  Come on a Sunday if you don't want to wait.The food is great the vibe is funky , with an old Irish pub feel bar to the anime playing on the brick wall. Food was excellent "small" dishes available so you can be adventurous and try something new, try two. Waite staff is knowledgeable and friendly and will help you decide what to order , I tried one of the kitchen specials and it delivered, it was special.
My biggest complaint.... the tables need to be bigger for more food at arms reachLoved it. Totally fun place -especially on  New Years Day! Mummers outside with their "real" parade down Two Street-
Food was unbelievable. Fresh and delicious. The ribs were "melt in your mouth" good.
Sushi was best I've ever eaten.
Service was great- warm and friendly - 
Knowledgeable - awesome.
Place is small and going to be really popular- 
We will be back.Tucked away on 2nd street, this sushi and drink spot is hard to beat. I'm pretty sure these are the same people that started Fuji in Haddonfield. Anyway, this place is much cooler and far less traditional. It has that edgy Tokyo feel that some of us rather enjoy. You won't be disappointed with any of the sushi but you'll most likely be limited to a few specials, yakitori, noodles and maki if you show up unannounced. It's also pretty dark inside so have your iPhone flashlight ready. For the real deal tho, get a reservation for the Omekase as this is the best bet for the sushi connoisseur.Hands down my favorite sushi in the city.  Very accommodating to my allergies, the food is crazy delicious, the sake list is amazing, and the service is perfection.  Add to that the atmosphere is like nothing else and you've got a home run.It is hard to describe just how delicious and thoughtful the food at Royal Sushi & Izakaya is. My boyfriend and I love coming here on date night. The ambiance is casual and fun (they literally have anime constantly projecting on the wall), but the food is so delicate, delicious, and beautiful. The sushi and cooked food really rival each other too. It would be hard for me to tell you which you should get if you were trying to decide, but luckily you don't have to. Every single dish is a small, shareable plate. I cannot recommend this place enough. Plus, they always have a sake on draft and a huge selection of Japanese liquor!The food isn't amazing as I thought it was. I prefer the yakitori boy in Chinatown PhillyWhere to start? We went late night after my 4 year old fell sleep and my mother was looking after her. On a Saturday night the parking and getting a seat was very easy. 
Everything we tasted was good. We had one of the sake and we both loved it. Service was prompt, friendly and very relaxing.
We ordered few sashimi, rolls and dishes. Every single dish were fresh and and balanced. Only thing I would change next time, I will ask them to cut the salmon sashimi slices smaller. I feel that helps with  the fish melting in your mouth.
Must try: monk liver, excellent like duck pate. Tuna guacamole was my husband's favorite. We both loved the miso cod which was a special. Also loved the tofu in broth.
I felt the chef was extra ordinary when came to creating umami. A must go place but don't go in Friday or Saturday pick time.Service: 5
Four of us arrived around 8pm this past Saturday night. There isn't a host so we headed directly back and "checked in" with a waitress at the prep station. All tables and bars tools were occupied but they sat us by the time the bartender had provided us our first round. Once seated, the group of waiters that served us were great. We never waited for a new round to arrive and the dishes came out very quickly.
Food: 4
I've been to Japan twice and generally know what to expect in an Izakaya. They've done a great job of mixing tradition with local/regional proteins. We ordered probably 12-15 dishes. All came out at appropriate temps. 
Spirits: 5
I had two rounds of their Bushido draft sake. Looking forward to delving more into their extensive menu. My wife and friends stuck to regional beers. 
Ambience: 4
Similar styling to other Royal establishments; dark with vintage lighting. Anime playing on the front wall. Note: the bathroom door has a handle only for show, you need to push the handle.
At some point you'll need to wait for a table here. Be sure to check it out in its infancy before that happens!We really have a treasure only a few blocks from the house, great bar and even better food.  Seems like a lot of thought went into this place and it hits the nail on the head.
Not a whole lot of space so be conscious of when you go, but they have a strong Whiskey collection and a pretty robust menu.  We haven't done the omakase yet but will as soon as we can!!Nice atmosphere! Great place to go with a friend or a date. Amazing types of fish great Sake! Haven't been there in almost two years need to come back and try it again sometime.instead of making reservation to do the omakase at the sushi bar, we decided to do the table dining.  Ordered few things I would normally get at other izakayas, and we were not dissapointed.  Everything was good from sashimi, yakitori, and kama dishes...4 out of 5 stars is due to price of alcohol.  We did get bottle of cold sake...which was cheapest on the menu...but it still cost over 50dollars...While traveling in Philly, we found an interesting Japanese restaurant. It has a certain speakeasy feel to it, with no name or address on the door. 
It was kind of stormy evening, very windy and cold, with heavy and cold snow coming down. But, this place was almost full when we walked in with lots of locals. A great sign of delicious food! The inside is not large, with the right side occupied by a nice big bar. The left side has bench and chair alongside the wall from the front to back.
The real fun thing was the projector on the brick wall, playing clips of Japanese TV shows and movies! In order to get this going, the lighting in here is kind of dark...darker than "dim" lighting. Many of the TV show clips were really old, from 80s I think, super fun! 
The menu was filled with Japanese and Japanese-inspired Izakaya fares, I was very excited! We had Tuna Mentaiko, Kurobuta Sausage, Yaki Curry Tofu, Chashu Buns, and Saba Shioyaki. They were all excellent, delicious, comforting and really hit the spot! The quality was high, and we enjoyed every single dish very much.
Our server, Greg was awesome, he was super helpful and informative. He was very knowledgeable about the food here, and gives great explanation and recommendation to the customers who are not familiar with Japanese food on what to order, and how to eat them. He took a really nice care of us, we were very happy with the service. Other staffs here were also very nice and sweet!
One extra note, they have nigiri sushi omakase hidden at the back behind curtains. It is like speakeasy inside speakeasy... They are reservation only, and I heard they get booked up about two weeks ahead since they only have eight counter seats.One of the best and most authentic (minus the American rock music) Japanese restaurants I've ever been to in the U.S. Takoyaki, gyoza, yakitori were legit. Prices aren't bad either. $70 before tip for 2 people and we couldn't finish everything because we were so stuffed.Ever since the folks behind some of my favorite Philly restaurants (e.g. Dos Segundos, Khyber Pass) announced the Royal Sushi and Izakaya concept in the early 2010s, I eagerly tracked the place's often fraught progress. Izakayas, with their grilled meats, fried delicacies, and energetic feel, remain some of my favorite places to eat and drink, and Philly has a frustrating lack of them. Happily, Royal mostly delivered on the promise of delivering a reasonably authentic izakaya experience to the city, and a recent dinner here met my expectations.
Royal's fairly small dining room could use more light, as the menu is difficult to read given the dim lighting. Major props for playing anime on the projector, though. Our server helped us navigate the menu yet remained unobtrusive throughout service. The drink selections here are heads and shoulders above most Asian places in the city; there is a large selection of sake, cocktails, and beers (including rare varieties of Hitachino on draft) that go well with the food.
We ordered six dishes that arrived more or less at the same time. The small size of our table didn't accommodate all of those plates comfortably, so pace yourself to ensure you're not crowded out by your food. In regards to the food itself, it mostly was memorable. Miso soup is usually a throwaway, but here it tastes deep, rich, and almost nutty. Steak tataki brought perfectly juicy slivers of meat cut with a bright sauce of lemon and soy. The takoyaki had fluffy, creamy innards studded with chunks of octopus and doused in delicious sauces and bonito flakes. Our kushiyaki sampler did justice to Japanese skewers; we particularly enjoyed the bacon wrapped scallops and shiitake mushroom varieties. Two dishes we ordered, the pedestrian pork belly bao and overly salty Kurobota sausages, failed to impress as much.
Royal Sushi and Izakaya represents one of the more authentic izakaya experiences around, and that warrants a visit in and of itself. The food we sampled tasted quite good, the drink program outclasses any other Japanese spot in the city, and the bill was reasonable. I look forward to returning for more grilled meats and to sample the highly praised sushi selections.better than Double Knot. Can't wait till the sushi bar officially opens to get down on some OmakaseFirst time there and was very impressed with the Sake list and the variety of small, well prepared and very tasty dishes.  The sushi was fresh, and the warm dishes were well done, and not too small.  We especially like the eggplant, the spinach in black sesame Sauce and the curry crusted Tofu.  Will definitely be back!A well deserved 5/5 stars for overall ambiance, service, drinks, and noms. Excellent traditional Izakaya noms that comes in **small plate** form... though not all small plates are that small! Most are excellent and offer the perfect smattering of things to try. Some of our favorites were the cold soba noodles (generous portion), takoyaki, agedashi tofu, and karagge chicken. We tried several other dishes like cold seaweed salad, etc that were still delicious but fairly run of the mill. We also did a yakitori combo which was good but a bit puny. I would recommend swapping in some sushi rolls instead for the same price. We did a carafe of sake which was delicious, well priced, and paired perfectly with the dishes. The ambiance would be great for a first date or dinner amongst a small group of friends. Reminiscent of a speak easy with dim lighting from table top candles, old Japanese cartoon clips playing in the background, and a contemporary playlist, it hits the spot for someone who is into hipster vibes with an upscale attitude. I've also tried the Omakase which was amazing but definitely much pricier and much lighter. It's served in the back at a sushi bar with only 6-8 other diners. You have free range to speak to the chef/owner Jess Ito while watching your sushi artfully prepared. Personally, I think both dining options serve different purposes but I can assure you I will be back for more bar noms and drinks at the front of the house with good company...and maybe the Omakase for a special occasion or two. Highest recommendation!I really want to love this place. I've been looking forward to it's opening ever since I heard about the Itos' move from Fuji in NJ to Philly. I've tried a good amount of their regular menu (which is extensive), and really enjoyed the food. I'd recommend ordering a few things to share with the table as most of the menu items are small plates. The space itself is very small, loud, and dimly lit, which appeals to the izakaya (Japanese bar) concept of the restaurant, but it's also a full service sit-down restaurant with friendly and helpful waiters. I think bringing in a host and the ability to make reservations would push Royal Izakaya into 5 star territory for me since it seems to lean more towards restaurant than dive bar. 
PSA: Nigiri is only available in the back sushi bar, which requires reservations for specific seating times. Nigiri can be ordered a la carte in the back, or you can opt in to one of the omakase options. Will update my review after trying out the newly open sushi bar.This is by far the best sushi place in Philadelphia. My boyfriend won't let us eat anywhere else. If you can get a reservation for two your lucky but it's worth it price wise and time wise. It's hard to find but just look for the red lantern, I've never ate in the front the back is where they hold private dinners. Amazing fresh fish he explains every piece where it came from. You can order other stuff off there menu but the chef always picks the best so we end up going that route. They have these bao buns that are amazing you must try them.Great food. It fills up quickly on a weekend evening.
The sushi is extremely fresh - the salmon nice and fatty. The seaweed salads are well priced and add to the meal. The place has a bar atmosphere and nice draft beer selection. Not at all your typical Japanese restaurant.
Highly recommended. 
Have been here many times now including the Omakase. Consistently impressed.We did the full Omakase. You can book a 6:00, 8:00 or 10:00 reservation up to 6 weeks ahead of time. We booked a bunch of weeks ahead to get a Sat reservation. The bartender helped us pick a Sake which was great based on our tastes. The sake was transferred to the back room once we were seated there. Watching the sushi chefs create each piece was great. We love sushi and eat lots of rolls sashimi and nigiri on a regular basis. The food we had in the omakase was the best sushi we have ever experienced. The main difference is the fish is wicked fresh and is perfectly seasoned and spiced so every bite is perfect. There is no soy sauce or wasabi for you to add because if the price is meant to have those flavors they add it. The textures and flavors were varied and there were so many pieces that left us in awe of the complexity of such a small bite of food. We loved it! If you are on the fence try it out and you will be happy you did.I don't know how this place got so many 4 and 5 stars - maybe the back eating area is memorable, but the front area is a bar with mediocre food.  It was so dark we couldn't  read the menus- everyone had their phone lights on to do so.  Our waitress was forgetful.  Perhaps we ordered wrong or it was on off night!  I can't imagine the  $125 pp tasting menu worth it coming out of the same kitchen.  It was booked full so we will never know.Only reason not a 5 is because they were out of fish head. Got the omakase bowl which was fabulous. Would highly recommend.Made a reservation thru resty, and waited 30 min to be seated in the dark room. And after omakasa dinner, had diaherea and vomiting, nigiri tasted stale. Will not go back.Great food every time. Excellent spot for date night and/or a first date. The wings are unbelievably good. Try the ton toro, chicken gizzard/heart skewers too. Seats can be hard to come by.Best fish I have ever tasted. Fun yet relaxing atmosphere. Extremely friendly and helpful staffWhat was with all the hype? We went there last night with another couple and left very disappointed. Our starters were just OK and the sushi was not impressive. My wife had the Tuna Guac to start. It was tuna and guac with soy sauce drizzle. It could have been made more interesting with the sauce. It was ok. We also had the grilled ribs and the Ton Toro (pig jowls) which had a nice smoky flavor. The best of the apps was the Chasu Buns which are pretty much bao buns. Nice flavors and texture. Then there was the sushi. Never before, have I left bites of sushi to be donated to the waste bin, but none of us would finish the Spider Roll. The soft shell crab was encased in bland, crusty panko. The other rolls were meh. (One was too big to even put in our mouths). Points for a beer list and sake. We went here with high expectations. We left looking for another place to eat.Was not worth all the hype. The reviews is what brought us in, the food is what brought us out. Too expensive for the quality of food. Ordered the sausage, it turned out to be seared soy glazed hot dog. Tasted like hot dogs you get from a package.We had omakase at royal sushi. It's the most enjoyable dining experience in Philly. Every course was impeccable. Beautiful fish and perfectly cook sushi rice. It's very pricy but definitely worth it. Jesse is very personable and humble, a great sushi chief.This review is for the industrial chirashi that is only available from 11 pm - 1 am and is one of the best kept secrets imo. There's a chirashi option during regular dining hours that costs $27, but the industrial chirashi only costs $16. Not sure if there is a size difference, but it comes in a pint and the original intention is that it's for the chefs that are coming off work, you the real MVP. Its basically left over cuts of fish.
But on with the food. My SO and I agree this is one of the best chirashis' we've had. It's a little different in that wasabi was not given instead a roe spicy sauce thingy was given and geeeez it was quite a winner. Also the rice base was heavily sesame oil seasoned, which worked for me because I love sesame oil, although I feel like they went a little too heavy on it. I may come during regular hours and try out the regular chirashi and see how they compare. 
UPDATE: So we did come back to try the regular hour chirashi and we love it!! Both SO and I inhaled it before any pictures could be taken. There was more variety to the cuts of fish and it is again 100% fresh, enjoyed every piece immensely. 
But my SO and I would definitely come back for the industrial chirashi as we think it's 100% worth the wait and so well priced.
We also ordered combo A skewers which were just okay and nothing to write home about. It didn't really give off the grilled flavor and the seasoning was more miss than hit. A star was docked off for the underwhelming skewers.
Ambience- they had a projector playing dragon ball z and SO was definitely like please take my money.Im really disappointed because I don't think this place is anything special.  Everything was just kind of average. Aside from the fact that the sushi was boring, it also had inconsistent flavors. Sometimes you'd get the sauce or the vegetable and sometimes you didn't taste it at all. This was hyped so much and I'm confused as to why. Also, 2 hour wait? Seriously? For what?The food here is great and the atmosphere is awesome. The sushi is fantastic, but I really enjoy a lot of the other non-sushi items on their menu too (the miso eggplant is incredible). They have a huge selection of sake, and the kitchen is open until late. Only thing to note is that the interior is really dark and the windows are covered, so it's not the best place to go on a beautiful sunny afternoon.My cousin and I went to Izakaya to try out their food. I've heard so many good things about the place and was very excited. We didn't make a reservation which means we could only sit in the dining room. Omakase is served with reservation. We ordered some appetizers and some nigiris. The nigiris were pretty good. But there weren't too many options for fish. I guess most of the ingredients were reserved for the omakase customers? The appetizers were pretty good but definitely on the salty side. My cousin explained Izakayas are places for drinks. The food in these places usually are saltier so they could sell drinks. Anyway, our over all experience was pretty good. Friendly service. Will go back with reservation so we could have good sushi!Catherine and Riley are the bomb.com
They know all about the sake and all the food. This place is so good. The food and drinks are amazingOne of my favorite places on Philly, the drinks are great and priced right. The food is amazing, service is just as good. I'll keep coming back ..NOTE: they do not have omakase/ nigiri on Sunday or Monday and you need to make reservation for Omakase. I came in here for omakase only to find out that it was not available. 
Parking is hard to find in this area, and I didn't feel very safe walking in the area at night either; I ended up parking three blocks away and walked there in the dark by my self. I really wished they had valet parking.
Service: the service was good and attentive. The server stopped by frequently to check on me and fill my water glass. 
Ambience: ok, I know that are going for the cool, dark, cavy vibe, but I had trouble reading the menu because of how dark the place was and the menu was black!! It was very hard to read and I either had to maneuver my position or hold a candle to read the menu. 
Food: I order the Takoyaki, the chasu buns, the agedashi tofu, and the deluxe sashimi set. 
Takoyaki: It came out hot and fresh. Takoyaki was good and as expected. 
Chasu Buns: they were also good. The pork belly was cooked to perfection - melt in your mouth. I enjoyed them a lot. 
Agedashi Tofu: I was expecting a single block of tofu but it came out to be multiple slices of tofu. Deep fried tofu in Sashi broth. It was ok. I hold a high standard for tofu, especially when it is a dish that features tofu. You cannot use the $1 tofu to make this dish. Because of the lack of seasoning nature of agedashi tofu, good quality tofu is the key. I couldn't bring myself to finish this dish. 
Deluxe sashimi: My server told me this would give me a taste of the omakase menu, and if that's true, I'm glad that Omakase wasn't available that day. The quality of the fish was not good. Most fish served were not in season so they were not as fatty as I would like. I found myself ended up just swallowing (like, hold-my-breath-then-swallow kind of swallowing) instead of actually tasting the sashimi. The sea bream was very fishy, in a bad way. 
Although I enjoyed the chasu buns, there were more food that I did not enjoy. I don't think I would come back again.The food is good but quite expensive. If you're hoping to have a bottle of wine with dinner you'll find a small, overpriced list. The place is dark, crowded, and very, very loud.  Don't expect to have anything resembling a conversation. I wanted to like this place but I doubt I'll be back.Great food music, service, and atmosphere! The menu was lengthy with drink and food options which I appreciated. Would definitely go againI heard so much good things about this restaurant from friends and coworker. I was super excited to try. The restaurant had more of a bar experience. It was dark but I could see my food. I really wanted to try the sushi but unfortunately the reservation was full. The food was ok. The shishito peppers were ok not too much flavor. The wings were too salty. It was soaked in a vinegar soy base. The sushi on the other hand was good. I would definitely would go back for the sushi but not for the cooked food.I enjoyed the food, drinks, and cozy atmosphere. Ordered tuna rolls, salmon rolls, and a cooked squid, all of which were delicious. They also have some great sake, of the hot and cold variety. The only negative part of my experience was the fact that one of the bartenders could have given better service.Just waking up on a lazy Sunday morning and already missing my meal from last night. 
It was that impressive.
We showed up around 8:45 and put my name down for our party of 4 since it was a full house (including a full bar without much standing space). The hostess kindly suggested that we could go to this other bar a block away and she'd call us when the table is ready. We took her advice and had a few drinks at New Wave (a nice neighborhood spot), and about an hour later got the call our table was ready (they reserve it for you for the next 10 min).
We were so hungry we ordered up a storm. Unfortunately I got lazy with picture taking so didn't capture all the food we ordered.
Ordered:
-Tuna mentaiko (tuna, fluke, spicy cod roe, sesame seeds, sesame oil, soy, scallions)
-Spinach gomaae (spinach, black sesame sauce, sesame seeds)
-Chashu buns (pork belly, scallions, cucumbers, some combo of mayo/soy ginger glaze)
-Hamachi Kama (grilled yellowtail collar)
-Saba shioyaki (grilled mackerel)
-Grilled squid
-Salmon/avocado sushi roll 
-Chirashi 
-Some yakitori plate with shishito peppers, ginkgo nuts, bacon scallop, chicken and something else I'm forgetting. I'm angry at my friend for not sharing the scallop w/ me.
-Takoyaki 
-Eggplant (I think glazed with sweet miso per the menu I found online)
Everything was tasty and well executed. Some of my favorites were the tuna mentaiko, chashu buns, and the yellowtail collar. The other grilled options and both our sushi orders were excellent as well.
I loved the decor, a mix of fun Japanese touches with the anime playing on the wall and cute candles lining the wall behind the seats, with the wooden bar that has more of a mature look.
Pricing is reasonable, especially considering we ordered 4 carafes of sake (menu also boosts a respectable sake collection). 
In the past when I craved izakaya food I ended up in NYC because of slim pickings here. I'm glad that's no longer the case!I have finally found a sushi restaurant in Philly, worthy of a five star review. I have tried both their  omakase and their Izakaya, and highly recommend the omakase for the experience. A reservation is a must for the omakase, which you would to make through resy.
I really enjoyed my experience, sitting at the sushi bar, watching the owner and sushi chef, Jesse Ito, cut and mold the sushi in front of my eyes. It is a dance with hands while he is crafting each piece of sushi to be served one piece at a time. While he is creating the art, he engages everyone with conversation, making sure everyone is have a pleasant experience. He explains how the fresh fish is flown in daily from different parts of the world.
While serving you each piece of fish, he will explain to you what he is serving you, and what part of the world the fish came from.
You can tell the freshness of the fish, by how it melts in your mouth. I enjoyed and savored every piece. 
Their itzakya is just as delicious, if you are unable to get reservation for their omakase.
I have visited here a few times, and can't wait to go back for more.stopped in late night for something to eat. grabbed some rolls and a ginger salad. the guys i was with we're drinking saki and some of the whiskeys - which they said were all good and moderately priced. great environment and atmosphere ! staff was attentive.Walked in early (with no wait) on a Friday night, and so glad we did! This is a great option if you're coming with 2 - 4 people (not great for bigger groups), and you want to try a bunch of stuff. I'd definitely recommend staying on the small plates menu, as some standouts were the tuna guac, eggplants, octopus, pork cheek, and whatever the servers recommend. We were both a little underwhelmed by the chicken (and chicken offal) skewers. Also, they have a large saki menu and good beer menu, which go great with the food.This review is only for the bar dining area. 
I heard many good things about the omakase here, but I wanted to come in and get a feel for the place before diving into the omakase because it is hard to get a reservation.
The dining area is considered the "Izakaya" part of the restaurant, and like most true Izakayas in Japan, it is very tiny with limited space. The lighting in the dining area is VERY dim, I had to take my cellphone light out to order food. For a dark, more intimate dining experience, this place might be perfect for a dinner.
The dining part unforunately does not serve any sushi, they serve rolls and sashimi and a chirashi bowl, but no nigiri pieces. We wanted to try a little bit of everything so we ordered 3 different rolls, 1 chirashi bowl, 1 seaweed salad, 1 ginger salad, a skewer combo and the squid appetizer.
Overall I would say I enjoyed the hot dish items way more than the sashimi and roll options. I was a bit disappointed because the temperature of the rice really overpowered the fish and the rice was not very well seasoned or vinegared (although I have heard this case is different in the omakase).
Everythis else though- the salads and the hot food items were all very delicious. Tiny skewers finger foods that is both hearty and filling. Salads were great picking items for a 4-top. There are a lot (25+ items) to choose from, so you won't have the same experience twice. Although the next time I come, it will most likely be for the omakase, I don't know if I'll return for the Izakaya portion again. The food was good, but it's not something that will make me return again.Late update:
The fiance and I had the full omakase (18 pieces for $125) a few weeks ago in February and it was delightful! It's a cozy space and Jesse, although busy throughout service, was very friendly and chatted with us every now and then. Quality of the fish was excellent, many of them flown in from Japan, and there was one fish from our meal that made a long flight (although arguably shorter than a flight from Japan? :P) in from Turkey. Pricing is definitely on the high end for Philadelphia (it's comparable to some NYC places with similar quality) but I don't think it's overcharging, based on the # and quality of their sashimi. We're looking forward to coming back but likely will opt for the half omakase (10 pieces for $65) as it's the more economic way to go, as you can still order additional a la carte items at the end, i.e. otoro, uni, etc., to satisfy all your cravings. Oh, and try the special Tired Hands brew made for the restaurant if it's still available, it was delicious!
The only suggestion: I would have loved to have Ebi (shrimp) as an item on the omakase, although I wonder if it was only unavailable the night of our visit?What an adorable hole-in-the wall restaurant in South Philly. The interior has a really fun, but cozy vibe to it. Our group got a good number of skewers (pork belly, wagyu steak, chicken scallion), takoyaki, a tuna avocado roll, and a spicy crunch salmon roll. I would say definitely go for the skewers and a few rolls! We also got their frozen lychee drink, which was more tarte than expected, but still delicious! I definitely hope to come back for their reservation only omakase tasting!Sublime omakase. Wonderful service. Everything was simply exquisite. The best omakase I have ever had. We were thoroughly delighted and look forward to returning.Amazing!  Everything is great. The staff are knowledgable and always helpful. Great food and good drink options.
Omakase is the best in Philly.I had dinner here once and wasn't too impressed. I also had their omakase in the back of the restaurant and did not love the experience (my husband loved it though). I personally wasn't a big fan of the selection of nigiri I had when we dined that night. I may go back for small plates but won't be going back for their omakase.The BEST quality sushi in the city hands down! The Izakaya part in the front is a super hip, fun vibe with a very large menu selection, enough to please most dietary restrictions and does not require reservation. The food in the front is great too but the Omakase in the back with Chef Jesse is really where the MAGIC happens. If I were to chose a last meal on Earth this would for sure be it. The sushi quality is outstanding, melts in your mouth. As someone who loves sushi but typically keeps it basic with salmon, tuna and yellowtail pieces ... here I eat anything and everything Jesse places in front of my salivating face and savor each &every bit. I wish we could come here on a more frequent basis but due to the high price point ($130) it is simply dedicated to special occasions. Counting down the days until the next birthday/anniversary/promotion!Look for the red lantern and head through the door. You'll be treated to a dark izakaya where you'll find regulars and first-timers alike exchanging knowing looks - 'we've arrived and plan on staying for awhile.' I was there for one of two nightly omakase seatings so went straight to the back room. The curtain was pulled back and I stepped into the quiet of Royal Sushi, where Chef Jesse Ito awaited. 
Kiku Masamune Taru [$14 | $20 | $62]
As I was dining solo, I opted for just a carafe of the Masamune. A dry sake with a wonderful "cedar aged" aroma, I enjoyed the subtly sweet smoothness that had a crisp, clean finish. I also appreciated that it didn't distract from the omakase. 
God bless you? I can count on one hand the number of sushi restaurants in Philly that are well-known for omakase, so I wouldn't be surprised if you didn't know what it was. Essentially a sushi chef's tasting menu, it may feature some creative dishes, subsequently with a gauntlet of sushi, and ending traditionally with the tamago, or sweet egg omelet, and perhaps some seasonal fruit. At Royal Sushi, Chef Ito focuses on just the sushi, and to great effect. You can opt for a mini omakase at $65, but trust me, go with the regular omakase. In fact, when I dined on this particular night, the folks that opted for the mini omakase ultimately ended up regretting their misstep. 
Omakase [$125 pp]
Chef's choice of 18 pieces
Chef Ito started off with a progression of bream and snapper sourced almost exclusively Japan. First off, the sushi rice is perfect. Individual grains are discernible, with just enough warmth and vinegar to complement the fish. Clean, sweet, with a wonderful texture, madai is an especially easy first step for the uninitiated to enjoy omakase. Without getting all Fifty Shades on you, Kinki had to be my favorite, possibly of the night. Extremely tender, fatty, and thus, lightly torched, it had a texture and taste I would liken to filet and ribeye, respectively. Almost ineffable, my recommendation is to get it, if it's even available. 
From the lighter fare, Chef Ito moved on to a flavorful progression of amberjack as well as shinier and thus, oilier fish. As expected, the yellowtail belly was luscious, fatty, and delicious, with a wonderful mouthfeel. Sayori was dense, firm, yet clean and I loved the fry on the spine and tail - crisp and briny. Kohada's always a favorite - lightly cured in salt, with great chew. Saba was a standout with its mackerel essence shining through, but complemented by pairing of sesame oil and the bite of the green onion to cut through the richness. 
I often equate omakase to a symphony, with a crescendo leading to luxury. For those with my porcine predilection, you won't be disappointed by the torched king salmon, which renders the fat positively dripping off the nigiri. The trio of tuna always starts with akami, which is what one usually equates with most tuna rolls or nigiri you'd find at standard sushi joints. But of course here, you've got the quality of bluefin. From there, you'll experience my favorite, the chutoro or medium fatty belly, which is luscious, but still has some texture. Otoro is gilding the lily, with the Chef defty scoring and lightly torching to render some of the richness. Mirugai is phallically fabulous (look it up!), with great crunchy texture and lightness after all of the richness. And uni provides that satisfyingly sweet and creamy cleanse before the next masterpiece. 
For my final bite and just cut from the shell, the scallop was tender and sweet, with the black truffle providing a rich earthiness. Definitely one of the best bites of the night for obvious reasons and clearly reason #1 you should be going for the full-on omakase. 
Hotate + Uni - Scallop + Sea Urchin [$12]
At this point, you could sense the Chef relax and he casually asked if I was still hungry and wanted any additional bites. I couldn't help but want some more of that sweet scallop, but this time paired with the sweet, briny essence of the uni. 
Beyond Chef Ito himself, who was engaging and clearly aware of your tastes and inquisitive about any dislikes, service was exceptional. My server Chrissie was always available, but never hovering. I definitely need to stop by the Izakaya for some late night eats as well as the chirashi bowl, which I assume features the "leftover" cuts of the fine fish served at Royal Sushi. Better yet, I need to bring back the GF to Royal Sushi so I have another excuse to experience Chef Ito's omakase once more.This place is such s gem. Wonderful food, great drink selection and dark intimate environment. I love to go here any chance I get!paid 120 for 14 pcs of fishes, not worthy, didnt taste fresh.Get the Full Omakase!  It's like a trip to Tokyo.  Sushi is almost or right on par with the omakasi at the Tsukiji fish Market (Jesse gets fish flown in weekly from Tsukiji)Went here on a date with my boyfriend. Saw this restaurant posted on The Infatuation, and since we were craving Japanese, we decided to give it a shot. We were pleasantly surprised to not need a reservation on a Saturday night. We were told it'd be a 30-40 minute wait around 7pm, but we were seated promptly after sipping drinks at the bar, about 15 minutes later. 
Starters: yellowtail carpaccio - this was on the special and if you like sashimi, the flavors were awesome. Edamame. Bao buns - delicious. Can't forget the shumai - those were some of the best we ever had! 
Entree's: we did the $40 sashimi deluxe and were very impressed. We also added one more king salmon roll at the end. 
We left feeling comfortably full but definitely not stuffed. This would be a fun place to go back to, especially with a group of visitors or friends. Really cool speakeasy vibe that seems to be "in the know" for locals.Excellent dinner! Best dish we had was the pork buns. Sashimi plate was yellowtail, tuna, fluke, and salmon which was very good. Would also recommend the tuna guac appetizer. There was a large saki selection and some good beers.  The skewer combo was very good but nothing crazy. The front door opens to several tables, so it was quite chilly when the door was opened. The restaurant is small and takes no reservations (and has very limited waiting space), so plan accordingly! Overall an excellent dining experience!Wow. One of the best sushi restaurants I've ever eaten.. and probably the best in Philly. I came here late night and sat at the bar. There is a fantastic late-night sashimi bowl special after 10pm, I think for around $17.  The TUNA GUAC was probably the best tuna I've ever eaten in my entire life. It was like butter, just melts in your mouth, you don't even need to chew it! And the flavor was mind blowing. This was the biggest hit of all my friends, we all ordered our own because we didn't want to share it! 
I also had the octopus balls, they were delicious.. like fried risotto balls, similar to that, but stuffed with octopus. It was delicious. We also ordered shumai, which was delicious, and a chef's special roll of the night. The roll was $22, but that was the most expensive thing we got because the amount of different sushi inside was very worth it. It was fantastic. 
Everything we ordered was so good, it kept us buying more that we didn't intend. 
The other reason I'm in love with Royal Sushi is is because its seriously the best SAKE I've ever had! The bartender was such a rockstar and recommended us the PERFECT sakes after she learned our palates and what flavors we were looking for. I am so impressed with the sake selection, and the bartender's recommendations. 
The last reason I love Royal Sushi, is because the atmosphere is unlike any sushi restaurant you'll ever visit. Royal sushi is more like a speakeasy cocktail bar, from the 1920's. Its not your typical sushi restaurant. And the unique cocktail options were also fantastic! The drink menu was massive with tons of great choices. 
I can't say enough great things about Royal Sushi, and I've only been here once. I can't wait to come back. What a strong first impression made upon me!This review is solely based on the sushi Omakase experience I had here. My friend was out at the bar and apparently had a great time with an amiable bartender. 
To start off, I can summarize my $135 Omakase experience with one word: Average. It actually pains me to write this review, because I was actually pretty excited for this experience after reading about the wonderful time people had here, and this my first time having such a lacking tasting menu experience. The Omakase started on a high note, with the Oyster Nigiri, but it was a downward spiral from there, with little drops of hope from time to time.  To me, the experience was more like having pieces from a sushi platter being served one at a time, instead of having it all served at once. There was no element of customization (which, if I'm not wrong, is the entire premise of the Omakase), and the exact same food was served to everyone. I have to applaud the quality of the fish though, it was fantastic. However, a couple of pieces had too much wasabi, that I almost couldn't enjoy the flavor and texture of the fish. 
I claim to be no expert in sushi, these guys are the pros. Among the 18 pieces I was served, I only liked the Oyster, the Bluefin Tuna from Hokkaido, the torched Salmon, and Amberjack. That's 5 out of 18 pieces. I think it's something instrumental is lacking here.
If you enjoy food while dining solo, you're ever more at a disadvantage because this experience is made for groups and dates. My advice to you, if you're a solo foodie like me, just save the money and go somewhere else, or just hang out at the bar.Mr Ito, thanks for bringing your depth of culinary knowledge, and sense of style back to the city. You've done it again, my friend. I bow to you in honor and respect for your culinary vision, and the genuineness of your craft.Definitely worth the hoops you need to jump through to secure a seat at the sushi bar for omakase. Not only is Ito a talented young chef, but his the selection of seasonal fish and shellfish he chooses for his nightly tasting menu is absolutely spot on. I don't think I have ever tasted fresher, more flavorful fish. Though clearly an expert when it comes to sushi, we appreciated the time Ito took to explain each piece and why he had chosen different methods of preparation/presentation. 
The selection of beer and sake is impressive, and the server was able to give good recommendations based on our feedback. While expensive, you definitely get what you pay for, and we are hoping to score another reservation sometime in the near future! Would also love to check out the other side of the restaurant - the menu looked amazing and it was pumping on a Friday night!Decent Japanese Izakaya place with very reasonable prices. Most authentic Izakaya place that I've tried so far in Philadelphia.The food is really good. 
Atmosphere is more bar like than an actual restaurant but it's a good place to go with friends if you don't want a full meal.Best sushi spot in Philly, by a long shot.  Typically you can get 2 spots at the bar, but the best thing to do is reserve the back room and watch the magic happen.Exceptional dining experience. I've wanted to do an omasake since I saw the Jiro documentary a few years ago. This lived up to it!! Each piece was delicious, and the chef was very kind and funny and took the time to explain each of the pieces to me and my boyfriend. Both of us love good food but don't have that much "foodie knowledge" so to speak, so it was so cool to hear chef talk about the difference pieces. Favorite one was yuzu and salmon (there was a yuzu theme) or the 28 day aged toro which was DELICIOUS. All in all such an experience - that's the best word for it because it was more than just a mealThe only reason we went here was because we booked an air bnb close by.  Man oh man, this place is awesome! 
From the wonderful selection of beverages to the vast array of food, we had a marvelous dining experience! Loved the ambiance as well. We'll be sure to return and to tell everyone we know to go there while in Philadelphia!High price for low quality food. Non-authentic Japanese food, meant to trick Americans.So I've been to high end omakase sushi place before in San Francisco, and I left a little disappointed. Compared to how much money it cost, it never felt worth the price compared to other tasting menus. This place has completely changed my opinion on omakase. Here, it's worth it, and totally amazing.
The staff was very helpful, especially when helping us pick sake.
TLDR: After leaving, we both lamented "How will we ever enjoy sushi anywhere else?"Great vibe... Unique menu. Outstanding music on the jukebox.  Will add another star once the tradition sushi part opens.Delicious!! I went with a friend and we split like 8 different things. The portions are small plates, so 6 or so for 2 people is good (or 8 if you're greedy like me lol). Standouts were the grilled squid (large portion), octopus balls, chicken wings (large portion), sashimi, wagyu skewers, and the jumbo shumai. Next time I'll try the pork dishes because the Jowl and pork bun looked delicious too!I'm gonna be SO BRAVE and go against the Yelp grain on this one... 
This is a hipster's dream; it's a bit off the beaten path, it's tiny, ethnically authentic, overpriced, and best of all has no advertising (not even a sign out front). It looks like somebody's house.
That's right, there's no signage whatsoever; just a pretentious little red paper lantern. It's like their whole business model is based on daring you to show off what a cool foodie insider you are by simply knowing that they exist. 
Even forgiving that, there is honestly nothing special going on inside the joint. The food is decent but the portion sizes aren't worth the cost and the service was inattentive at best. It's a dive bar with overpriced Japanese, nothing more or less.
UPDATE: For laughs, see Alphonzo's "compliment" on my page regarding his opinion of this review. If anything, he has entirely validated everything I said about what's wrong with this place.Ever since I was recommended this place by my roommate, I've been excited to try it. I stalked the website for a week and got a reservation for the full omakase with a friend. 
Overall, I would say the omakase is expensive but worth it mostly for the freshness of the seafood served. Each piece is made in front of you by the sushi chef and it is indeed mesmerizing to see their skill. The rice is tight and each slice of fish melts in your mouth. The skill is definitely evidenced by the quality of each piece they place in front of you. 
It also seems like the menu is update everyday as they print a new menu each day. In the eighteen pieces I was served we went through all the different types of seafood from the oyster in the beginning, different types of seabream, yellowtail, amberjack, salmon, mackerel, bluefin tuna, and uni. 
I won't say that it was absolutely mind blowing mostly because to me it was kinda of underwhelming. I ordered an extra piece at the end of tamago because to me a little sweetness at the end is a full circle. 
If you have the $130 for a special occasion, then definitely try it out for the experience. Otherwise I would probably say it's a once and done kinda of thing. Next time, I'll try out the bar plates and the extensive sake selection.So this time I came back with more friends for the izakaya scene. 
We came early, around 5:30pm cause this place gets packed real quickly. Follow that red lantern! 
For three people, we split a carafe of sake. We asked for recommendations cause there's like three pages worth of sake. So many options! The one that was recommended was an unfiltered one that was dry with a sweet undertone. It was indeed pretty easy to drink. 
We got a lot of food. 
In order of most favorite to least favorite, it would have to be tuna mentaiko, french fries with kewpie mayo, deluxe sashimi, short ribs, chicken yakisoba, and the karaage wings.
The tuna mentaiko is a small but mighty dish. Really wish it could have been bigger cause it was so good. The French fries is a must. So good especially with the mayo. The chef's choice sashimi had 12 pieces and each was super fresh. The short ribs were super flavorful but wish they were a bit more tender. The chicken yakisoba was super big and filling but I wish it was less saucy and salty. And finally the karaage wings, not that they were bag, but not exactly what I wanted with karaage. They are bone in wings that are crispy but then get soggy with the liquidy sauce. 
Anyway, maybe I'll come back another time for the omakase. But the bar food is indeed worth a trip!Came here hungry and with the intent of eating a full meal. Unfortunately I wasn't able to find much satisfaction in the food here after having had dinner at Double Knot the night before. Very much like what it would be like trying Dunkin Donuts for the first time after a box of hot-off-the-conveyor Krispy Kreme original glazed.
Fortunately, service was fantastic, and the food came out quickly, but the flavors and execution were disappointing - so we ended up cutting our losses halfway through the meal and heading back over to Center City to eat a second dinner.
Ordered a couple of cold apps - the Kinpira Gobo (Braised Burdock Root) and Spinach Gomaae, neither of which I was blown away by. The special-of-the-day Tuna Tataki was by far the best part of this meal. Too bad the Chicken Thigh Yakitori and the Skirt Steak Yakitori were pretty plain-Jane boring. The Chashu Buns were generously-sized, but far from being in the top half of pork buns I've eaten.
I can understand why this place has high ratings among hipsters and its local neighbors. It's a speakeasy-like discovery when you come here for the first time. It's just that with so many great food options in Philly, it's hard for me to imagine why you'd choose this particular spot if you're looking for the perfect special meal - at least that's what I'm usually seeking when I'm traveling and going out of my way to try a 4.5-star, hundreds-of-reviews place off-the-beaten-path like tonight.
BTW, Royal's wooden bar perfectly transmits every rhythm and vibration from any/all finger drummers and tappers sitting at it, even from 20 feet down the bar. Stop finger drumming, people!Everyone tells me I should yelp, but I eat out too much to do it regularly, but today I'll make an exception because I was absolutely impressed my dinner last night, and this place deserves recognition. 
Yesterday I experienced the only legitimate omakase in Philadelphia.  And as a California native who also travels often to Japan, it's been hard to find one in the 9 years I've lived here.  
The chef Jesse Ito masterfully curated this flight to be one with smooth transitions, peaking a few times with buri toro and otoro before ending on a rich note with the live scallop with truffle and gold. Each piece was perfect in their cuts and saucing, allowing me to savor and linger on the uniqueness of each fish, which includes an extensive list from Japan.  If I had the room, I would have gone for seconds of several of the highlights.  Needless to say, I was impressed and so was my equally critical food companion. I absolutely cannot wait to be back...Chef Ito, ごちそうさまでした.The sushi bar: Oh. My. God. I've never had a meal where I literally almost fell over after each bite. This was a journey through the world of fish - beautiful, shiny, fatty bites that melted in your mouth and put forth flavors you've never tasted before. We did the full omikase which cost an arm and a leg, but I'll never complain about prices when it's so worth it. Chef Jessie is an incredibly nice guy, hosting an intimate setting and showcasing a skill and artistry that is truly something special. Go here and savor every bite! It's an experience that we will come back for.Finally some good sushi in Philadelphia. This was our third time at the restaurant and it's always phenomenal! Fresh fish and the best quality. The chef chooses the best fish in season. Some of my favorites this time were Sanma, Hagashi toro with caviar, and Kyushu uni. There is something a bit different each time, which keeps us coming. It may seem pricey but for the price, it's a great deal - especially compared to the likes of NY. Also, it's connected to the Izakaya so you can't beat the variety of sake too. We love it so much, we come back every month.I love love this place and ever since I've been here I keep thinking about it! If you're on a somewhat limited budget like me, come late at night (after 11pm) to grab a drink and the *industry chirashi bowl* (a plastic pint container of absolutely delicious "sushi scraps"). I also found the ambience of this place very cool and relaxed (liked the Japanese movie projecting onto the wall). Can't wait to come back!This review is for Royal Sushi, although you best believe I'll be coming back for the Izakaya part of this restaurant.
My partner and I managed to snag the super hard to get reservation for the omakase at Royal Sushi, and we opted for the 18 piece.  It was one of the most mind-blowing experiences ever, and a little surreal to be served by the incredibly talented Jesse Ito himself.  The intimate 9 seat setting where you were seated right in front of all of the sushi prepping action was truly a unique dining experience that everyone should do.  Our server was incredibly helpful with recommending sake options that would go nicely with our omakase for the evening, and Jesse himself was such a wonderful, down to earth person to chat with and get more insider information about the restaurant, his process, the fish we were eating, and more. 
Every single piece of nigirizushi just melted in our mouths.  The flavors and textures were so amazing, and if you love sushi this is an absolute must-do.  Sushi's standards have been forever upped for me.  I came away with a newfound love for different fish as well (big shoutout to the mackerel pieces) and a new appreciation for sushi in general.
He even was able to prepare a customized roll for us (I mentioned how much I loved natto and how rare it was to get it in the city, and he made a natto roll for us in response).
I'm hoping to one day snag another reservation, it was really an unforgettable dining experience and I feel so fortunate to have had it.
Don't even hesitate - you need to try to get into this omakase.
In the meantime, visit the izakaya part of the restaurant - authentic Japanese comfort food is a rarity in Philly, and you'll want to go to the best for it.  The sake selection is extensive - there's something for everyone.  No reservations are needed for izakaya - just find the nondescript glowing red lantern in Queen's village and you'll know you've just arrived at your new fave Japanese restaurant.Dragon ball z and fine dining japanese cuisine, yes!! Chill atmosphere and fast service. Food was delicate and fresh. Fatty tuna is a must. So glad to be in the neighborhood of this gemSpeakeasy-esque, funky bar in queen village. Diverse selection of Japanese cuisine. Fun tapas style dinner date!About a year ago, I dined in the izakya half and enjoyed all the sake offerings and the knowledge of the server, loved the eggplant dish and everything we got was so fresh in respects to the the fish especially, but really everything.
Last night was my first visit to the back room that seats about 10 for either a 10 piece $70 or 18 piece $130 omakase and certainly not my last! I was beyond impressed, and left with a huge smile on my face which food often does to me.
It was such an experience, to sit right in front of the sushi chefs, and watching them thinly and precisely cut and prepare the sushi right in front of you. Each piece curated with such thoughtfulness - whether it be the caviar on the top, the bit of wasabi under the fish, a bit of shaving from lime for brightness, I was impressed by every single piece that came out. 
We opted to try the 10 piece omakase and  supplement with the a la carte izakaya menu and I have no regrets on that! I think it's a great option if you want a taste of the amazing sushi, but also want to try a lot of other things. But I certainly want to return for the full 18 piece experience. I firmly believe it was worth the price tag. For the freshness of the fish which you could taste and feel the texture in ever bite alone, it's worth it. But to watch the art of sushi making right in front of you, and to taste it... it's worth the experience. 
The grilled squie and kaarage chicken were also amazing from the kitchen. The chef was also kind enough to serve us 2 glasses of champagne on the house for our anniversary!
I rarely give out 5 stars - but last night was one for the books. Royal Izakya, you literally finalized our travel plans for 2019 ... Japan here we come !!This is worth a look. Great atmosphere and food! Enjoyed everything, especially the bar! Parking is impossible if your not a local.Oh bells were a ringing when I took my first bite of my maki. The roll was perfectly rolled where just enough pressure for the roll to roll but not enough pressure to break the pebbles of rice. Spaces between perfect and just a gasm in my mouth. yes... a gasm. A Food gasm.. Sushi Gasm.  I cannot wait to try the omakase. 
A friend and I ordered the lotus chips, tuna guacamole, tako yaki, grilled squid, grilled shishito peppers, kaki fry, pork belly baos and ....a spicy tuna crunchy roll, and a pitcher of Ichiban. The sake list was way intimidating for me. Sat at the bar and met a film man from LA, and a another man who was vegan and probably thought it was weird for me to invite them both to our Philly Foodies group. lol  Just a place to talk about food and go out to eat together..  Anyways, I love Royal Izakaya! Coming back on an omakase date for sure!!! You are missing out if you do not try this place.  Gasm town!We went as a group of 4 on a Friday at 6pm and had a great time. We had a no wait time, amazing service (hooray for Michael) and solid food and drinks. 
Far and away, the best two items we got were the buns and the eggplant, both of which were perfectly delicious. 
It seems like other reviewers oscillate between this being the best thing ever and hating the pretentiousness and hipster Ness of the the place. I fall firmly in the middle, glad that I ate at a cool new spot but don't think it'd be my first choice place in the futureI had a hugely underwhelming experience here. The space was cool and unique (I liked the originality of the comic playing on the wall), the service was nice enough, but at a restaurant, it all comes down to the food, and the food was ok.  We tried several dishes. The shumai was pretty good but everything else was vastly mediocre.  The beef in the curry katsu was chewy and the Royal roll was so fishy from the salmon roe that the taste pretty much overwhelmed the pallet. The cherry on top of it all was the 'gentleman' who came up to speak with the table next to us and spoke about how he needs a manager and described one of his ex managers as a 'Hispanic girl with a big ass.' Nice job objectifying women within an earshot of costumers and with a child sitting at the table. Not impressed.I've been here for the omakase w/Jesse Ito as the chef and also in the dining room/bar.  Having sampled both dining options, omakase is definitely the better experience.
The omakase experience, in one word, awesome.  Watching Jesse work, his attention to detail and quality definitely comes through in the output.  He's interacts with all his customers and makes it a point to get to know everyone at the sushi bar.  That's a nice personal touch.  As far as the quality of the fish, all the items I tried were super fresh.  I had many favorites, including the scallop,  king salmon and UNI.  There are two options for omakase and I definitely vote for the higher end option.  
As far as seating, I was super lucky to get a seat after walking in and inquiring if there were any openings behind the curtain.  This was definitely not normal and reservations are definitely required.  I've walked in several other times and was disappointed for good reason.
The sushi and Japanese snack food in the outer dining/bar area was not as impressive.  There just wasn't anything that screamed extraordinary.  I've tried octopus tataki, hamachi collar, as well as the chirashi and rolls.  Again, I think if you make one visit, or heck all your visits to the back room, you'll be much more impressed.
Parking is a super hard.  Don't come here thinking that parking will be ok, it won't be.  The 5-6 times I've visited, only once did I get parking without having to drive around for at least 20+ mins.The omakase is a great experience. 18 courses but it is single pieces of fish so it's not too much. Took awhile to get a reservation but totally worth the wait. The chef is present and engaged for the whole dinner and spent some time chatting with us after the meal. Fresh and inventive fish beautifully and simply presented in a beautiful spot. Instead of a traditional Japanese sushi bar it is decidedly philly in its vibe in the best way possible.It was over rated and over priced for products they serve. You can find a lot better small plates dishes elsewhere. additionally , it was dark and loud. Nothing tastes good in dark and I could not enjoy any conversation since it was way too loud. 
Though ... I have heard good thing about Omakase sushi. Maybe I will try Omakase.Experiences like this are scarce. Bring your wallet and a friend, and prepare to be wow'd.As someone who calls herself a sushi snob, it's difficult to find a sushi place I can say I love. That being said, I'm happy to say that Royal Sushi & Izakaya is my favorite sushi place in Philadelphia. I wish I had known about them when I lived in Philly, but I only found this gem after I left, when I went back for a conference. Their tuna guac & sashimi special (some omakase sashimi you can order from the izakaya side) are out of this world. The freshness, texture, and flavor of each fish were all on point. Their agedashi tofu & yakitori are also delish. I've gone back to Philadelphia a couple of times just to eat at Royal Sushi & Izayaka again. It's been difficult to get a reservation for omakase, but I can't wait to experience the full omakase in the near future.Bring your flashlight.... it is so dark you can't see your food. Food was good but I have no idea what I was eating because I couldn't see it... the manager stated that the owners wanted it that way!A hip ambiance, delicious small plates, and expensive price tags is the formula at Royal Izakaya. Identified by a single red lantern from the outside, this restaurant is the inconspicuous Lone Ranger on the block. Modern music permeates the chic, dimly lit single room bar.
The menu is massive and the plates are small- so the bill racks up fast, especially if you order sake. As good as the food was, surprisingly the cheaper sides are what won me over the most. 
The miso soup ($4) was Smokey and had a food amount of chewable substance in the broth (tofu, seaweed, etc. unlike the majority of miso soups I've had). The French fries came with a spicy mayo fish egg sauce that won my heart ($6). But my absolute favorite thing we ordered were the bacon scallop skewers ($3) - perfectly seared dry scallops - nice and moist in the middle with a sliver of crunchy bacon- the most well executed S&B I've had to date.
Other noteworthy dishes: Tuna Guac, Wagyu Skirt Steak, Short Ribs, Miso Black Cod
Just okay: the spider roll ( was okay, but I've had better),
Missed the mark: chicken gizzard skewer (wish these were deep fired.. came out a little chewy), and the pork belly skewers (these were very stinky - like they needed to be brined, and there was no crispy skin or crunch anywhere to be found)
Also, our waitress was very informative and very attentive. She seemed to really enjoy working there with a passion for Japanese cuisine.  I believe her name was Rebecca.
Overall, we enjoyed it here and will return down the road.Awesome omakase experience. Chef Ito was friendly and chatted with us throughout the evening.  Very fresh and interesting selection.Amazing as always. The ingredients are fresh and the presentation is precise.Royal Sushi & Izakaya has a very discrete entrance, only a blue door and a Japanese lantern. When you enter, the space is very cool. It has high ceilings and beautiful decor, though is very dark. It was almost full so our group of 3 sat at the bar, then moved to a table shortly after one opened up. I think we would have been happy sitting at either, but it was nice they did this for us. The place was busy through the night, but tables and bar spots seemed to open up frequently.
Both the drink and food menu are quite large. For drinks, there is a wide selection of sake, sochu, regular beer, and Japanese beer. I am not super familiar with sake / sochu and the bartender was helpful and gave me a few samples of sochu to help me decide.
The food menu had tons on it, and plenty of pictures to help you decide. The food came out very quickly. Everything was tasty though some things stood out more than others! We got the following, and the ones with the stars were my faves: 
*** Tuna guac
*** Spinach goomae
Shrimp shumai
Agedashi tofu
*** Grilled salt broiled yellowtail
*** Grilled eggplant
*** Karaage chicken wings
Gingko nut skewer
*** Pork belly skewer
Fries with Japanese aoli
Spicy crunchy tuna roll
Lastly, I would say this place is on the expensive side for dinner. $30+ for food only if you want to feel full. It would be nice to come here for a drink and a few snacks though, as the bar is pretty nice.As the food scene in Philly continues to explode with great options, good service becomes an increasingly necessary component of the dining experience. We were seated when our bartender was not busy, yet she seemed almost annoyed that we had questions about a menu with which we were unfamiliar. Much to our chagrin, the attention of our bartender dwindled as the clientele packed in. To be honest, although it was busy, it was hardly overcrowded. It was tough merely getting a refill of water and even more difficult to get our check. This was not what we expected going to a place that was so highly reviewed. Our food was quite delicious and well-prepared. However, one of the specialty rolls had pieces that were insanely large so as to render the bites more of an endeavor to finish than an enjoyment of great flavor.Stopped here for a drink and some small plates while waiting for our table at Dmitri's and am SO glad I did. The guac tuna was really good, as was the chashu buns (pork belly). The sake list is wide ranging and very good. The bar is friendly and fun. Can't wait to come back for the omakase!Cristy our waitress was amazing! I ordered a martini she told me to try this Asian vodka it was so smooth and so worth it. She was always checking up on us. That atmosphere of the restaurant was great such a good date location. The music was great the fish was fresh! Can't go wrong with this locationRoyal Sushi & Izakaya has joined the ranks as one of my top 5 restaurants in Philadelphia (dinner category).  This place gives off an authentic Japanese Izakaya vibe from the front door to its back room. Amazing ambience including subdued lighting and carefully curated playlist to round out your dining experience.  Fantastic food and drink menu. Ordered pretty much every vegetarian item off the extensive menu and all were amazing. Recommend sticking to appetizers and Kushiyaki (skewers). Also, they have a very nice selection of beer, Saki and Japanese whiskey (among other Asian and domestic options).  Look forward to coming back here again.I didn't know much about this place before being taken here. I went in with zero expectations and my mind basically exploded. 
Everything on the menu was outstanding. The spinach gomai looked like a black brick under the soft lighting of the place, but break it and give it a lil swirl in that sweet black sesame sauce, and you've got yourself probably the best tasting veggie dish I've ever had. 
The ton toro pork jowl was charred in all the right places, and the lemon we squeezed over it cut the fattiness of the meat with perfect acidity. 
Tuna guac had huge tasty chunks of fresh tuna that we mixed with the avocado mixture and that wasabi oil. I didn't want that dish to end.
We also got a salmon roll, shrimp tempura roll, and a kitchen special cold silken tofu dish, which I wasn't a huge fan of thanks to an interesting herb or floral taste. 
The house draft sake over ice was so refreshing and easy to drink, and it definitely had the potential to be super dangerous. 
I hope I get to come back here again on my next Philly visit.Best place to have sushi in Philly! Every piece of nigiri in the Omakasè melted in my mouth. Fish was so fresh and rice cooked right. Sashimi, nigiri and simple rolls on the a la carte menu are also great. However, izakaya menus are just okay. Great selection of sake.Been to both the izakaya/bar and the omakase dinner at the sushi bar on multiple occasions. The food is top notch, hands-down my favorite place to get nigirizushi in Philly. 
The izakaya is a great casual place to grab a bite with friends and everything is sharable. Definitely get a variety of skewers and add the fries -- they are sooooo good! And if you feel like being anti-social, there's a projector that plays anime on the wall, so you have some entertainment while you eat haha.
My guilty pleasure is the omakase at the sushi bar. Reservations are a MUST. You can get the "mini" (10 pieces of nigirizushi) or the "full" (18 pieces). .. and if that's not enough, you can order additional pieces or from the izakaya menu as well. (But note, you cannot order nigiri at the izakaya.) Chef Jesse is very good about giving you a nice variety, and can also do substitutions if you don't want a certain fish, or you can even opt for sashimi if you're starting to get full from the rice. Not to mention, watching him slice the fish and create the nigiri in front of you is entertaining as well. Highly recommend if you love nigiri like I do!I love the interior of this place, when you first enter the door, it looks straight like a bar with chill atmosphere and dark lights. If you go past the bar area, there's more seatings in the back with lights and windows on ceiling. 
I searched for a table for 5 at around 5pm in this area, and like 4 previous restaurants told me I had to wait 2-3 hours without a reservation, which sounds crazy.. but this place saved us with friendly service! 
The food was good too, Their katsu was amazing!! I wish portion was bigger, I felt it was little pricey for the amount we got.Honestly the best sushi I have had outside of Japan. The omakase is pricey but worth every penny.  The Izakaya part is quite beautiful and the food incredible.  One of my favorite spots in all of Philadelphia.Great drinks. Great vibe. Great food. Very dark, but I can't wait to go back and drink more sake on tap.Places like this make me realize that I love restaurants that "know themselves" and aren't afraid to stick to their guns when it comes to their vision. With all of the charm of a Chinatown menu booklet, the options here were endless so as a first-timer, I had hoped I looked on Yelp a bit more for menu suggestions! That said, the waitress was very helpful in making recommendations. 
They have a very large cold sake list, specials of the day, appetizers (mostly fish but more experimental than other places in the city!) sashimi, and some rolls. Go here expecting an awesome experience, and delicious flavor combinations truer to the Asian experience than many Americanized places. 
The seating options in the front of the house accommodate those looking for an upscale bar feel, while the back of the house offers a more intimate experience while you watch the chefs prepare your food. 
Fantastic place!Wow! This is a hidden gem in my neighborhood that I am so glad I tried! I went in right as they opened to order take-out, had a glass of wine and an appetizer while waiting - and from the first bite I felt I found sushi heaven! The fish almost melted in my mouth! Fresh perfection
I had the Tuna Guac while waiting - soooooo delicious
Then I ordered for take out:
Jumbo shumai - loved
Miso soup - one of the better ones I have had - really substantial with beautiful shiitake mushrooms - yum
Age Takoyaki- this was off the hook! Fried octopus balls topped with Benito flakes 
The Guac Roll and another one that had salmon and tuna - were amazing!
The bartender was super friendly and suggested a wine I really liked and informed me that the kitchen is open until 1 am! I have t been there during a busy time yet so I don't know what the scene is like - but the food will have me coming back again. And again!The sushi was really good. Options of chinese food was amazing too because some of my friends were about to go to China town.Great addition to the hood!! Lively & loud. Great food, wish they had a cocktail list. Lychee martini please!?This place complete my need for a local izakaya. The drinks and food are paired very well. I especially love the red lantern and decor of this izakaya it's very hip but comfortingChef Jesse is a true sushi master!  As an engagement present, my boss treated my fiancé and me to omakase a few weeks ago. We frequent the front bar often and have always wanted to know what was hiding behind the black curtain in the back. Thanks to my boss and his wife, we finally got the chance! 
The four of us were lucky enough to have the whole space to ourselves due to some last minute cancellations. Jesse started off our meal with tuna and salmon guac- definitely one of his specialities. The guac was followed by some perfectly prepared sashimi (toro, mackerel, yellowtail, a few others). The fish was incredibly fresh and accentuated with flavors like sesame seeds, green onion and miso.
As the meal progressed, Jesse created more involved and complex dishes that were a great contrast to the sashimi. Some of the most memorable bites were the truffle scallop and the uni. We ended the experience with a "dessert" hand roll- the perfect finish to a perfect meal! 
Having the back room to ourselves allowed us to chat with Jesse and really get to see him in his element. As talented as he is at what he does, he maintains the most positive, laid-back and humble attitude. He deserves all of the greatness coming his way!Whoever is bringing the overall rating for this place down to 4.5 is nuts. This place is amazing. The main section is a little dark, fine. We were (finally) able to get the latest of three seatings at Royal Sushi, and 10pm is not too late for sushi like this. I have always been a passive sushi consumer; it's fine, whatever. This, however, was something else. I don't know if this is blasphemy, but I think the best part was the rice. Of course the fish was super fresh and delicious (like a bite of the sea) but I could eat that rice all day. Stay on Resy, keep hitting refresh, it is worth it.Finally... a quality sushi establishment in Philadelphia. If you are looking for cheap tiny rolls stuffed with over ripe avocado - please move on. Royal puts Philadelphia on the sushi map! Here's what you need to know about this sushi experience:
- 2 or 3 seatings only per night. As a result, you will be charged if you no show
- Reservations are through the Resy App. Never heard of it until I tried to get reservations. 
- Two Omakase options at 9($65) or 18 pieces ($125). I recommend spoiling yourself and getting the full experience, go 18 pieces
- Fresh fish flown in daily. This is where Royal excels. Most of the sushi places in Phily all serve the same boring over used standard 8 piece combos. Highlights for me included the Amberjack, super fatty tuna, medium fatty tuna, buri - yellowtail, Japanese Grouper, Japanese Snapper, Striped Jack, Horse Mackerel and a fabulous fresh Uni creation.
- You will be served one piece at at a time while watching the sushi chef prepare each piece with great care. The chef will explain what your eating
- Unlike many similar higher quality sushi omakase restaurants, Royal lets you have your own bottle of Soya sauce and unlimited Wasabi (which is  made fresh at Royal). Usually the sushi chef will add in the exact proportions depending on the fish being served
- You will be in sushi heaven. I'm still dreaming of the melt in your mouth Hon Otoro ( super fatty tuna) 
- Nice selection of Hitachino Nest beers on tap and bottle 
THANK YOU Royal. I was ready to give up on finding good quality sushi in Philadelphia until I walked through your door. 
Highly recommended. 
BKGood Food, good Atmosphere. High priced Sake, but I suppose that's expected in any good Japanese restaurantWEEKEND IN PHILLY, PART 2
ROYAL SUSHI & IZAKAYA (more commonly referred to as just "Royal Isakaya")
On a recent visit back to Philly, I was very excited to dine at Royal Isakaya for the first time.  When I used to live in Philly, I was a regular at Matt & Jesse Ito's previous restaurant, Fuji Japanese Restaurant (Haddonfield NJ), just over the bridge from Philly.  They've now sold Fuji to a former staff member and have opened Royal with their partners in the Queen's Village neighborhood of Philly.
The omakase at Fuji was legendary.  By far the best I had ever had (and BYOB), and I've dined at Michelin-stared Japanese restaurants.  So how does it compare to Royal???
Sushi, in my mind, can be divided up along a spectrum.  One one extreme, literally, is very non-traditional sushi, where ingredients and techniques never used historically in Japan are combined in novel ways.  Think of the James Beard Award-winning O Ya in Boston.
At the other, less extreme end, it is all about the fish.  The simpler the better.  And it had better be amazingly fresh.  Old school.
Fuji, I always placed in the middle of this spectrum.  Yes, it was about the fish, and Jesse brought in exotic sea life from all over the world.  But for omakase, many of the fish dishes  were enhanced by a pickled this or a toasted that added on top, or even a marinade.  Several fish were often served at the same time, to great effect, like a trio of different tuna.  Sometime there were composed dishes, even featuring vegetables and no fish at all.
That's the sort of omakase I love.  Great fish, but inventive and interesting combinations and presentation at the same time (Cafe Sushi is Cambridge MA is also this style and my local favorite).  For eample, Jesse's marinaded and torched salmon belly!!!  OMG!!!  Rarely did anything repeat.
In contrast, at Royal, Jesse (Matt apparently left at 4PM before opening, but I don't know if that is their usual division of labor) has gone more to the conservative side with his omakase.  If you have ever watched the great movie "Jiro Dreams of Sushi" (on Hulu.com), this is what to expect.  LOL, although you can talk to the chef and take pictures without getting thrown out at Royal!  Of the 18 fish we enjoyed (omakase is 12/$65 and 18/$120; you can also order a la carte), all served individually one at a time, the vast majority were simple nigiri with a soy glaze brushed on top (see photos)  For fun, we even ate by hand, a la Jiro (although chopsticks are provided).  The fish were amazing, and some I've never had before, like the delicious needle fish.  It was all about the fish...
Of the two, Royal and Fuji, for omakase I prefer the old Fuji (I've haven't been since the Ito's left).  But that isn't a knock against Royal's omakase.  Again, "slightly creative" is just my sushi sweet spot.
But overall, Royal is a much better restaurant than Fuji.  First of all, it is gorgeous.  Asian-influenced, but not over the top.  The entrance is minimalist in the extreme, with no sign, just a bright blue door and a red Japanese lantern (I can't read Japanese, so perhaps that is the sign?).  Inside, dark in front, brighter in back.  In front is the comfortable Isakaya bar, which has a good-sized bar and tables.  The ~8 person sushi counter in back is GORGEOUS.  A lovely handmade mahogany counter, with no annoying glass case blocking your view of the action.  There is also a second room of small tables in back (can be rented out). 
What really helps push Royal over the top is that, in addition to wonderful sushi/omakase, the Isakaya bar in front has some fantastic small plates of food, an extensive saki list (the rare bottle of Phoenix we ordered with our omakase was amazing), and an interesting, half-Japanese beer list.  I gather you can order from the Isakaya menu in back too, but after our omakase was complete they asked us to move up front to free up the counter for others.
In the bar, we ordered several excellent beers, including an unusual super-hoppy collaboration between Tired Hands and the famous Vermont brewery Hill Farmstead.  Meanwhile, an old Japanese movie played on the wall.
Do yourself a favor: Order the CHASU PORK BELLY sandwiches (8$ for 2).  The best I've ever had (sorry David Chang)!!! Thin pork belly, not way too fatty like some, and crispy.
Service was excellent, friendly and knowledgeable.  We were there for the NFL Draft weekend, which I think hurt most restaurants (road closures, people staying home), so it wasn't very crowded or noisy while we were at Royal.  But from what I  have heard, you definitely need reservations for the counter (although Jesse posts last minute cancelations on Facebook).  No reservations in front, but it does get crowded.  Street parking is...well good luck or take Uber.
A fantastic restaurant that I look forward to going back to next time I'm in Philly!  Congratulations Matt & Jesse!Holy moly. If you can afford the omakase you HAVE to do it. It was an EXPERIENCE. Quite possibly the best sushi My husband and I have ever had. The chefs were very skilled and very friendly. The waitress was extremely knowledgeable about everything and helped us select some great sakes to go with our fantastic meal. Great customer service. Overall, this meal was very expensive, but I'd say worth it. Not something I can afford very often, but wow, super glad we did it!Absolutely superb. Gus was a great server. The sushi was phenomenal. The drinks were great. I will recommend this place to anyone. Go go go go!!!!BOMB.COM!!
11:30pm Sunday night, midnight is approaching. I'm hungry, so what's open? I'm a sushi connoisseur, so I've been eyeing this place for a while now, at last, here I am. I guess the sushi chef counter was closed so an Omakase wasn't an option on the menu, oh well. Hospitality was great, i didn't feel like I had to rush to eat, so I pretty much enjoyed my dining experience. Now the food? Man, the food was good a** sh*t. I was so excited because everything looked so good on the menu. I'm a fan of small portion dishes, it gives you a chance to try many things, so i ordered 1/3 of the menu. Food is here, let's eat! Bruh, kewpie potato salad was great, miracle whip has nothing on Japanese mayonnaise, nope. You can judge a sushi restaurant from the taste of their miso soup. Miso soup is perfect for a cold Sunday night. My miso soup was so extra because it had more than just seaweed and tofu, but I enjoyed it. I forgot what else was in there lol. The fish quality was great, exceptional. Overall, every bite was amazing, every dish had their own flavor, everything was reasonable pricing, would I come back? Hell yeah I would. Sometimes we're just so busy with life that we don't have time to enjoy a nice alcohol beverage and great food but Royal Izakaya is here to provide that. Kitchen closes between midnight - 1am. I'll be back for the Omakase soon! 
Cons; a little too dim, that I needed my phone flash light to look at the menu & also parkingVisiting family in Philadelphia led me to this awesome place. This restaurant is very cozy and has a cool, low- lit vibe. It doesn't look like most modern trendy sushi restaurants, which works for me! We tried several "tapas" including the tuna guacamole - which is melt-in-your-mouth fabulous. We also had the Kobe beef skewers which were done to perfection. We had a couple of rolls, which were innovative and delicious. I would highly recommend Royal Sushi and Izakaya for a cool and delicious dinner. They have great wines and cocktails too!!One of the best sushi restaurants I've been to. It's very cozy and has an atmosphere of a good bar. And indeed, their drink selection does not disappoint. But also the food!
I liked everything, from the starters (shishito peppers, crab and shrimp dumplings, miso soup) to the deluxe sashimi selection. The fish was really fresh and the presentation was nice too.If you're looking for the best high end sushi place. This is exactly where you should go. Everything is so fresh and delicious! It is super hard to get reservation though so be on the look out on their booking app. It can be frustrated since they are booked very fast but trust me it's worth it!The word excellent doesn't even serve enough justice to explain how good the food is here. Amazing ambience, great service and a bar with Nippon classics. This nicely tucked restaurant not far from the south street strip is literally killing the game.I'm think I'm turning Japanese
This is my second visit to Royal. I'm pretty sure I'm a Japanese food snob. Well maybe just a snob. Proof: I can pretty much tell you by looking at the pictures on yelp of a Japanese restaurants food whether it is worth a shit. First warning sign pictures of Sushi Rolls with crazy names like the orgasmic dragon and crunchy yellowtail surprise and no pictures of the fish. God forbid the Japanese/Chinese/Thai restaurant. Raw fish and Chinese food don't mix. Not to sound judgmental but if you eat at those places I hate you. I give a pass to those who live in locations without a choice.  
I always find it interesting that all of the countries that thrive on exceptionalism came blows in WW2. I don't mean the French they were just in the general path of the conflict. What I mean to say is we work hard. We like to have a few and some eat some good bar food. Essentially that what an Izakaya serves. So after your 12 hour day at work you get hopelessly drunk and go home not knowing where right shoe made it off to. Who are you to judge?
So Royal is here to help. Very proper rice slightly warm to the lips. Very nice sashimi. Nice Japanese Whiskey list. Which if you don't know is better than anything you are drinking. Exquisite. 
I would recommend taking your adderall before trying to read the menu. It's like a New Jersey greek dinner menu. Laminated and everything. It is really hard to develop your plan of attack. I gutted through it and would report the following highlights:
Miso Cod if you haven't had it get it 
Chefs Sashimi get it 
Skewers of meat like all of the them
Even the potato salad was spot on
Service was very good. We sat in the bar. Yes a women actually married me. There is a chefs seating Omakasè. Maybe next time. 
Who are you resist?Best sushi in town. If you want to eat top of the line sushi , you have to come here . It's tough getting reservations but it'll be worth it when you book it
Best sushi I have ever eaten. Very rich and tasty !I haven't had the Omakase (yet),  but I've been here a few times for drinks and dinner in the front room. It's a really cool place. The menu is huge and while some of the items may be foreign to a lot of people, the staff will definitely recommend dishes. Fun spot with an awesome atmosphere. Great for happy hour too.I love the Izakaya experience and they have great selection of food and drinks! I didn't want to drink sake and they had cider! I'd recommend to order many small dishes and share with your friends.Came here for the Chirashi.
The bowl was generous on sashimi. There were a lot of fresh cuts.
A few of the pieces of fish were pretty tough. But most were super creamy and delicious. 
The rice was perfectly executed with enough toothiness while still being sticky. The seaweed flakes and little bits of vinaiger gave the rice a nice balance.
Overall this was a good bowl of sushi and rice. Much better than any "poke" bowl you'll find in Philly.As much as I would like to, I'm just gonna admit, I can't afford to put this place on my regular dining rotation.
Went for the Omakase because I didn't incessantly go on Resy for pedestrian sushi. The 18 piece course is not filling so you order additional pieces and that's where it can get out of control. For 2 people, without alcohol, our bill was over $400. Uni from the north, Uni from the south, Toro with caviar...all adds up.
I had some of the best sushi at Royal, so it was a great dining experience. Will go back, just not tomorrow.Omakase. Jesse Ito is an artist. My wife summed it up best after the meal: "I don't want to die. But I CAN die now." Hands down, the best.I've dined here in the izakaya half before and enjoyed all the small plates and fare there. But my roommate and I came here recently to celebrate graduating from dental school with some
omakase. We started off at the bar outside in the izakaya with shochu and sake. Really appreciated the bartenders generous pour of sake into the masa cup to keep with Japanese tradition. 
We were then moved to the back for our dinner portion. (I also have to note that royal sushi is very legit about their reservations and scheduling. I got a few text messages prior to our reservation to confirm and make sure we knew how much time we had for our meal).
Then the magic happened. My roommate had the mini omakase and I had the full 18 piece one. We were so impressed with what Chef Jesse Ito prepared for us and it was such an experience to watch him make everything in front of us. 
I noticed that when my friend went to the bathroom, he didn't serve anything to me without her and I thought that was incredibly polite. They asked us what we were celebrating and at the end of the meal we were surprised with champagne!
I was honestly blown away by the service and the experience of having a traditional omakase. And I'll just give specific shout outs to some of the sushi we had that we really really loved - the Maine scallop, all the types of toro we had, aburi sake, and for me I really loved the Hokkaido uni and I was not really a fan before.
If you're going for the first time I would suggest doing the full 18 piece omakase. If you go with the mini, just order some of your favorite pieces after to enjoy it some more. I wish I had the stomach to eat some of the fish I had twice!
Anyways, please enjoy! I will remember that meal for a very long time.Cool place. Looks like a dive bar, but the food was authentic izakaya memu with even Japanese writing. Decor- the sake light was cute, slide for tomoko and gamdam and dragon ball. Toto drying machine in the bathroom, nice. Hitachino white ale was only $8 which is 2-3 dollars cheaper than others. Great music. The seats are a bit tight, no privacy area, I guess. But overall good experienceI generally think of Philly as a no-good-sushi zone. As someone who needs sushi at least once every 10 days or so, this has made settling here (at least for awhile) really tough!
Well, color me impressed! Royal Sushi & Izakaya now holds my throne for Philly's best sushi (and it's just great sushi in general)!
Every bite of nigiri is fresh and delicious, and is beautifully presented for all you Instagrammers out there. It made my sushi belly and soul delighted. :)
Not only is the food great, the low lights and thoughtful decor make the ambiance trendy and inviting.
Of course, this does come with a price: it's not cheap. But for a once-in-awhile amazing sushi, it's totally worth it! Until then, dreaming of the day that I return...Really late in getting this review up as dined here right around Labor Day.
Had done research trying to figure out where to go for our long weekend trip to Philly as this was our 1 splurge outing.  Seating is extremely limited, and it took me a little while to figure out when they release the seats online.  When the window came to make the reservation was able to get the date/time we needed so everything worked out on that front.
Royal Sushi is an Edomae-style sushi place, the only choices are available after chef gets thru the set menu.  This was some of the best sushi I ever had, with the pike mackerel changing my wife's view on mackerel to the positive for ever!This is the one and only izakaya style Japanese restaurant in philly. It's so much more authentic than another restaurant that claimed to be "izakaya" somewhere in Chinatown. 
The sake selections were pricey but it's worth it! We got both combos and each selection was very tasty. The front of the restaurant with the bar area is a little noisy, but after speaking with our server he agreed to move us to the back. It's so much quieter there. I have to come back to try the tasting menu next time!Sneaky little spot. No sign. Strong playlist. Subtle anime playing on the wall. Good rolls. Mostly, it's off the path. Come here if you think doing something different is worth your while (it is).we've now eaten the Omakase menu in the back and out front. the fish was fresh but expensive.  We had to order a couple of extra items afterwards to feel full.
The restaurant in the front served wide range of japanese dishes including sushi, sashimis, grilled izakaya fare. Maki Rolls were good but the izakaya was  and pricey- were only talking morsels of chicken, gizzards and hearts but the pieces were tiny. 
We arrived in an empty restaurant as it had just began but the hostess was  initially inflexible in giving us the table we wanted to sit in. The service felt rushed at the end since the restaurant was full. -waiter kept looking to see if we had the payment ready but we were still finishing our beers.Came here for dinner. Tried to get the omkase initially but they limit it to 10 people and with reservations so we ended up with regular dinner menu. Order a bunch of stuff:
Live umi from Maine: Not exactly sure how live this was lol. Had some sort of tangy taste. Was not my favorite.
Umi for Hokkaido:totally different flavor. Umi melts in your mouth and to me tasted like avocados. Comes with ponzu sauce
Toro tuna roll: Tuna was yummy but doesn't come close to other Toro I had
Sashimi deluxe: various chef selection. Quality varied from fishy to excellent. Highlight was king salmon
King salmon: had to order it again. Was not as big slice as from sashimi plate surprisingly 
Short rib: tasty meat with a small bone. Comes with lots of sauce. A bit chewy and if unlucky can get a piece with too much fat.
Karage: More wings than karage. Was fried and very tasty! Not spicy!
Drinks: pretty big sake menu. We tried a couple of different ones but don't recall names lol.
Overall some really tasty items and some mediocre. Felt can be a bit pricey for quality tho.I was so excited to try this place, I've tried to get into this restaurant for the tasting but I was only able to eat in the sushi bar. 
The food was so mediocre and we left somewhat hungry. Our bill was $200 and I am so confused as to why. We normally go to Sagami but wanted to try something new. 
I will never go back and I will never go to the tasting. So disappointing....