Without hesitation, the service was very accommodating and what I did get to experience was mostly tasty...but my first and only experience was in a group of twelve so I want to go back when I can actually try the food rather than fighting for the forkfuls that would make their way to me. I think I will pass on dessert though.An extremely poor value. Food quality and selection were terrible. They are serving third rate meats and seafood for first rate pricing. Example: Kingfish, which is a type of Mackerel was priced at $27. The taste was so foul I had to send it back to the kitchen. The Brisket was flavorful but for $29. Really? The scallop and pasta first course which included one scallop was $17. Need I say more... Save your money and your taste buds, folks.Solid place, although, truthfully, I left kind of underwhelmed. Menu changes daily but looked online that week and menu had been re-posted from prior  time I checked, (Menu was dated 2.16; and we went 2/18) and, unf., both of the appetizers I wanted weren't there.  Entree that super-picky dining dove (SPDD) would have wanted, also not there. Strike 3. Boo. Wound up splitting Papperdelle with Beef Ragu for app. because no other really appealed to me and I thought SPDD would like this. Well, he loved it (beef not really my thing pasta was superfresh)--and he says he's not a pasta eater! 
For entrees, I loved mine: Red Snapper, cooked perfectly minus that super sharp fish bone spike that could have killed me. Seriously though that happens...fishies have bones...not kitchen's fault. Perfect size dish; perfect flavors. Dove did not care for his veal shank but, again, gotta take with grain of salt, he's a superpick--it was good IF you like that sort of roast with carrots (amazing--didn't even taste like a cooked carrot) and potatoes (although no potatoes :) sunchokes over creamy polenta I believe). 
Desserts were good but my chocolate budino lacked complexity or pizazz, meaning it was a one-note item, tasted like a delicious brownie was all. A delicious brownie is not something to kick out of the table. However, could have gotten elsewhere for same flavors half price. For $10 or so a dessert, you should be wowed. Dovey loved his pumpkin ice cream with ginger snap. Coffee was excellent although they were out of decaf for me :). 
BYOB, of course, a great selling point, and it's proximity to Merriam and Kimmel theatres as wel. So, it is a 4-star place but given cost and lack of appealing menu items (for my palate, I realize verrrry verrrry subjective), I would return only if I could view that day's menu; and needed someone to go if have to get to theatre and most other places booked. That said, worth a try for you if you can view menu--I imagine if you hit here, you *could* hit big. We did not, unfortunately.The food was alright.  I had some eggs for brunch and it was a little undercooked. He barely checked on us and food did not come out together. We had a table of 6. The worst part was when the waiter charged our credit card twice. Very disorganized and pricy for what we got.I'm sad to report that I was pretty disappointed by my experience at Russet.  It was really more of a 2.5, but I'm rounding up since they're new and I'm giving them the benefit of the doubt.
My husband and I arrived, walked in, and a waiter was standing right by the reservation kiosk.  I said hi, expecting him to take our name and seat us.  Instead, he looked at me and awkwardly walked away.  Ok...  After standing there for a few more minutes, the maitre d' finally walked over and seated us.
As noted in previous reviews, the bread was very good--foccacia with olive oil.  But it lacked a little bit of thought; there were only three small pieces for the two of us.  We then ordered the gorgonzola ravioli ($12) and house-cured coppa ($12) for appetizers.  The ravioli was the standout of the night.  The depth of flavor was incredible and the raviolis were very pillowy.  I only wish there were more of them!  Only five smallish ones came per order.  The coppa was also good.  The meat was served on a crostini with scallions and clementines.  I thought the idea of adding citrus fruit was brilliant, until I tasted then and they strangely lacked any flavor when paired with the meat.
The entree course was the real disappointment of the night though.  When we first sat down, my husband noted that it seemed odd for such a nice restaurant to have salt on the table.  We came to see why--you had to add your own seasoning to make the entrees taste like something!  My husband and I split the cotechino ($27) and lamb ($30), and both were grossly under-seasoned.  The cotechino was undoubtedly the better of the two.  It was served with a delicious mustard sauce and the ground pork was wrapped in cabbage.  The cabbage added great flavor, but when you took a bite of the pork without it, the pork lacked flavor.  Additionally, the turnips that it was served with were unevenly cooked.  Some of them were great, but most of them were hard and uncooked.  This seemed like a very amateur move.  The lamb was incredibly bland--even when we added the salt from the table, it still didn't add much.  It was served with a potato gratin that was fine, but unspectacular--and again under-seasoned.  It was unnecessarily topped with pea shoots that added nothing besides color.
Although we were originally planning on having dessert, we were so disappointed by the entree course that we decided to skip it.  With so many other excellent choices in the city, it is highly unlikely that we would return to Russet.  We also thought that the prices were a bit high--both appetizers that we had should have been priced at $9-10.  And the halibut, which we skipped, was $35--for halibut!!!  If you're looking for a nice night out at a small BYOB, try Farm & Fishman, Fond, or Pumpkin instead.Five friends and I came here for a birthday dinner. We enjoyed ourselves and ended up staying well after all other patrons had left the dining room, and the server never once tried to rush us or pressure us to leave. She was extremely professional and patient!
I ordered the bass with potatoes, celeriac and pesto, which was delicious and the perfect portion size. My friends weren't as crazy about their meals, but everyone agreed the food was high quality and the service even better. Highly recommended.Visited the resturant with a party of 8 on NYE. The menu was a 5 course pre fix menu which was great.  Our server, Tony could not have been better.   He happily put our BYOB on ice and began to explain the courses to us.   The lobster salad ( not your Maine style) was different and delicious. Chunks of lobster mixed with a dressing placed back into the shell, very good.  Chestnut ravioli was good as well, some at the table thought it my have been a bit too salty but still good everless.  The lamb entree was cooked to perfection, great flavor and good portion.  Last but not least was my favorite dessert, ginger cake.  Everyone at the table wanted to try and I had to hold them off.  All in all could not have asked for better food and service.  We're heading back to the resturant the end of January with a different party of 8. I'm sure everything will be just as good. Looking forward to returning!!!Great BYO  in the heart of downtown. The servers were very friendly and accommodating for our girls brunch last week. They kept our champs cold and flowing and served with freshly squeezed juice. The food was good all around. And they served my paleo friend a plate of bacon with a candle. Fresh local ingredients were varied. Omelettes and soup and pork hash. 
I'd go back, more for the ambiance then the food.Have to see I had a pretty bad/mediocre experience here during restaurant week.  The service was fantastic, and I was pretty excited about a BYO at a nice place for restaurant week.  Unfortunately, it was a disappointment.  
Three of us ordered the pork belly for our main course, and Aaliyah ordered the fish.  My first bite of pork was delicious.  Unfortunately I soon discovered that was the only bite of non-solid-fat on the entire plate.  I understand pork belly is a fatty dish, but usually it's some meat, some fat.  Mine was literally 99% all fat.  Unfortunately, Aaliyah had already sent back her dish (not their fault, she didn't realize what type of fish she had ordered and they graciously allowed her to switch to a different option) so I felt like our table had met its quota of complaints.  In retrospect, I should have said something, but I also thing the chef who prepared the dish and the waiter could CLEARLY see it was an entire piece of fat.  The other two pieces were much better cuts and were delicious.  The appetizer and the entree were both fine, but nothing special.This might be the best farm to table in this fine city. So ingredient focused. Best pasta in the city easily. I think it's the best overall high end restaurant5 stars for the food.
1 for the service. Totally absent waitress. Not just not attentive, but she disappeared for 20 minutes after she filled our water, reappeared to take our order, and then only reappeared to deliver the check. Someone else delivered our food.
But the food was soooo good, I can hope the waitress was having a bad day, forgive the service, and round up....a lot.
My fam came here for brunch, and we were also licking our plates clean. I ordered the  breakfast panino of the morning and found it bursting with flavor. It hit all of the brunch high notes- salty, a little sweet, totally umami-y, but not greasy. The egg oozed a gorgeous yellow-orange when I bit into it, and I was in heaven. 
The cheesy grits were creamy and rich enough to share amongst  the 5 of us for just a few tastes each. My family always orders dessert, so we ordered the tart of the day, a semifreddo, and another dish whose identity escapes me. There were no leftovers.
I appreciate the seasonal approach of this place, but even more so, I appreciate the quality of execution of each dish. 
Now they really just need to work on that whole important customer service thing...This place is excellent.  Probably a 4.5.  I only docked ratings because the actual restaurant space is not my favorite and it is uncomfortably loud.  As for the food, hands down, some of the best I have had in a long time.  Just exquisite.  To start we had goat cheese ravioli, a version of a beet salad with hazelnuts and my dates had the parpadelle.  The portions were reasonable and the flavors were simple but just popped off the plate.  For entrees, we had the halibut and I had scallops that were substituting for the branzino.  Both were accompanied by caramelized vegetable sauces which once again were simple but delicious.  For dessert we had the chestnut cake and the apple dish.  I felt these were just okay but dessert is not my favorite part of any meal.
Overall, truly impressed with this place.I have been to Russet 3 times. I enjoyed myself the first two times, but my most recent trip was outstanding.  The service was great, attentive but not annoyingly so.  And the food. YUM! I went with a group of six, and we were able to try most of the menu items. I would have ordered almost every single one of them again. Delicious! Great job Russet. Thanks again!I cannot believe this restaurant isn't rate higher. This is probably my favorite restaurant in Philadelphia, right up there with Noord. I've now been there twice for special occasions and both times the food was overwhelmingly good and the service fantastic. 
The second time most recently, we were with a group of seven and I must have seen 3 different waiters bringing items out, replenishing our water, asking us if we needed anything. It was nuts, but in a great way - it wasn't overbearing. Everyone at our table loved everything brought out and it was an excellent opportunity for me to try almost there entire menu, since we all ordered different things. The food is amazing! The menu is a little non-descriptive, but when the dish comes out the flavor combos and deliciousness on your plate - brilliance. I'm getting hungry just writing this. 
It is pricey, I'll say that. Which is why the only times I've gone were for birthdays. You're talking easily $40-50 per person just for a small app and dinner. But I have always left pleasantly full and I'm a big person with a big appetite. It's also a BYO, come on!Favorite BYO in Philly! Fantastic, creative food. Constantly changing menu based on fresh ingredients chef finds personally. Hosted the rehearsal dinner for my wedding and an extended party afterward. Of every vendor we worked with for the wedding, they were the most helpful, responsive and generous. Please support these wonderful people and have a great time!!!I have a Wednesday night supper club and we came here a few weeks ago. We were all very excited to eat here. We each ordered every course, and ordered something different. Nothing was overwhelmingly good. For the money, go somewhere else.Four course prix fixe for $35 is a super deal. BYO is certainly helpful. Atmosphere is interesting, in a living room of a brownstone. The AC didn't seem to work as expected so we all took our shirts off. No. No we didn't. But it was a relief to get outside (which was cooler.....in August).  Food was very good - dessert was baller.
I'd go back.We went here recently and had the most delicious meal! 
There were numerous items I wanted from the appetizer list but we decided on the prosciutto and cheese tray. Both were delicious. 
Entree's were also wonderful.  My boyfriend had the Italian sausage and I the red snapper. The proportions were well sized and we were both full after our meal. 
I love that the menu is small and changes daily. The menu and restaurant were green and fresh w/o shoving it in your face. 
I look forward to going back!Visiting last evening with a friend upon his recommendation, I was most pleased with most offerings, albeit with a few reservations.
First of all, the sesame bread was the best ever and a recipe I'd love to make for my guests. We asked for three refills of the demitasse-sized basket and wish they had it for take out.  
Our appetizers were the gnocchi and the lovely fried mushroom crepe promised to be crispy but unfortunately not. For the $16 price tag, not worth it for a fungi pancake. I felt ripped off on that one. The gnocchi, however,  were excellent.
We always both do halvsies on entrees. I had the fluke and he had sea bass. Most definitely, someone back-of-house knows how to cook fish (once best described as "being walked through a warm kitchen by a slow waiter") as both were to perfection.
The veggies were not the best. Spinach/kale blend (to the best of my recollection) was under cooked and too chewy for for further effort. The white turnips and carrot were also on the less-  digestible side and went back.
Our pear tart offered a lovely sweet creme finish with its hint of bleu cheese topped with roasted pears in a brown butter crust.
Our waitress lovely and service attentive but not intrusive. Big points there.
Biggest memories of the evening: the sesame bread, perfect fish and lovely waitress.
CPSpectacular meal.  This BYOB restaurant is a real gem.Wow, what a great find! My wife and I met some friends in the city and ended up going to Russet for dinner. We were looking for a fresh farm to table restaurant, and this was a gem! The service was great, the food was awesome, and it's a BYOB in the city. We will be going again soon!A beautiful setting! Warm and welcoming. Not an extensive menu but the options were a good mix of seafood, poultry, pasta and meats. Three of us ordered different plates so we can get a tasting of their offerings and each one was fresh, flavorful and perfectly prepared. I enjoyed the radicchio salad and the sea bass. The service was excellent as well! Will return for sure!The moment you walk in, you appreciate the charming ambiance of the place. 
Although we had reservations at 11am, we didn't get a copy of the menu until 11:15am...I think they were literally running them off the printer while we ordered our fresh-squeezed orange juices (which were delicious!).
We ordered from the ever-changing menu: 
Winter spiced salami 
Will's north carolina style biscuits and sausage gravy
Georgia whole shrimp and grits
All were delicious, but I particularly loved the shrimp and grits. You can't go wrong here and I can't wait to come back.Went with a group of 5 for brunch for our first time  on Saturday 3/21/15. Three of us ordered a biscuit, fried egg and gravy entree. We were delivered very noticeably burnt, broken and dry biscuits. We returned them in the hope that they would give us edible biscuits. Instead they gave us the same burnt biscuits but flipped them over! Who does this? Did you think we wouldn't notice? 
I immediately noticed this and declined to eat the food. A manager never presented themselves to the table to address this. After asking our server (who was a pleasure) a woman (who served us the burnt biscuits, then same burnt biscuits but flipped over) stated she was the manager, and told us the biscuits were removed from the order, in a very "we helped you out, be thankful" kind of way. Not all all apologetic or thanking us for our patience and business. I worked in very professional restaurants and I've never seen anything like it. 
If you're going for brunch, good luck!Excellent BYOB with phenomenally great farm to table food. Warm & comforting ambiance. Starters:3 had ravioli with egg, ricotta & 5g black truffles (both inside & on top of ravioli)($32),well worth it, deliciously silky creamy butter/cream sauce,cut into the pasta & sunny side egg bursts out, mixing with the cream, truffles, etc. Ask for a spoon for this dish; memorable bite. Tuna carpaccio: buttery tonno meets creamy eggs & tart beets, great; Cauliflower gratin: A++; pork belly: incredibly tender. Scallops: fresh, sweet, perfectly cooked with earthy carrots,onions & potatoes. Desserts are just as special, esp. anything with ice cream. BYOB makes splendid dining reasonable & good for lacto/ovo vegetarians & carnivores alike.Russet is one of those gems installed in the front rooms of an old up-scale row house in Philadelphia. 
If you know anything about the arcane liquor laws of Pennsylvania, you'll know there is a whole sub-section of creative and nouvelle themed restaurants that operate as BYOB's because it is beyond impossible to do otherwise.  This has resulted in a wonderful group of places dedicated to producing high-quality unique fare. Russet is clearly a jewel in that crown.
Menu's change with much regularity because of their dedication to farm fresh and availability of  ingredients, so our meal most likely won't be yours. This makes it imperative that you check when you make your reservation-and you WILL need one-so you can pair your wine with the night's fare.
They are very adept and equipped with the right glassware so bring what you like or test your ability to match your wine with their creative cuisine.  It's all great fun.
The staff is  an melange of uber friendly college students and artists who are interesting and fun to chat with.
The space does have one problem: with a large group or a full house, the noise level is definitely loud, but this shouldn't stop you from experiencing a real gem.Terrible!  No wonder this place had a table open on a Saturday afternoon for a Saturday evening reservation.  Bad service and very inconsistent food.  The small menu lists only 5 main courses, and we were informed that 2 of the 5 items were not available that evening. I wish I could forget the truly awful vegetable gratin which tasted as if it had been baked earlier in the week and then microwaved and served to me half-cold.  And all this after an overly long (at least half an hour) wait following the appetizers.  Someone in the kitchen should be ashamed.  The dessert was similarly disappointing - a tiny, stale, cold piece of chestnut "cake" (reminded me of a mini-muffin one might purchase in a supermarket).  Avoid!Small menu of fresh local produce, excellent flavour combinations particularly the gnocchi starter. Service felt a bit rushed - 30 seconds between appetiser and main course! Good atmosphere.The food is delicious (5stars). The service is less than one star. We have dined here twice. We decided to give the serve staff a second chance (since the food was so wonderful). Both times the wait staff disappointed! The owners should take the time to observe the front of the house, it truly ruins the experience. Due to this I would have to only give 2 stars (the front of the house is just as important as the back).Went here pre show at the Kimmel Center last night. 
Great experience.  Nice setting wonderful staff and terrific food.   BYOB and farm to table so the menu is constantly updating.   We shared butternut dish ravioli to start.  I had lamb shoulder and wife had halibut.   All was delicious. The only minor room for improvement was the coffee.  Seemed really weak to me.I am bummed to write this review as I really wanted to enjoy our meal.  Some of our meal was really good - the appetizers and desserts were solid.  Trout tartare, ramp ravioli, and duck papardelle were outstanding, but the rest was equally disappointing.  The pork was sliced so thin that it belonged on a sandwich, scallops were inedible and duck, while flavorful was tough.  One of our meals was sent back and we barely received an apology or anything on the bill to acknowledge the error.  If they stick to more of what works on the appetizers or the rhubarb tart, they'd be better off - - and perhaps a consult to a local restaurateur on how to execute better service.Had a party of 8 for Sunday supper, main course of rabbit was served at less than room temperature in 3 of 7 platings.chI went with my friend for restaurant week. All the food we had was absolutely delicious. Loved that it was a BYOB. Waitress was great as well. Only part we weren't crazy about was our bill was more than the restaurant week prices as we did not see the fine print on some menu items that were extra $$ to have.This is my buddy's favorite restaurant which is why I insisted on trying it despite its 3.5 stars. I was really impressed with Russet. The hosts are very professional and polished, the ambiance is quaint, unique, clean. The servers were personable and efficient.
The food was excellent. I had the homemade pasta, the trout, and the chocolate cake. My cousin had the celery soup and said it was outstanding. She also had the lamb and was impressed. 
All in all, I'm unsure what happened previously that people deemed this just an okay experience. We dine pretty frequently, and this was definitely an above average dinner. Definitely give it a try :)The food was good, but the portions were incredibly small for the price; almost pathetic. The appetizer we ordered, a cucumber salad, was $10 for literally 1/3 of a chopped cucumber, 4 leafs of lettuce, and dressing. There was supposed to be wax peppers in the salad, but it didn't come with any at all, and when we told the server, we were not given anything for free, nor was there anything taken off the bill. The entrees were decent and flavor on point. The desserts were beautiful to look at and had excellent flavor, but again, the portions were laughably small for the price.We just enjoyed our fourth New Year's Eve at Russet and it seems to get better each year! Never a false note. Lovely cozy setting to complement the outstanding food.Um, hello Russet! Where the heck did you come from?! 
I've heard quiet rumors about Russet over the past few months but absolutely not enough to be as blown away as I was with my meal and dining experience. I'll start by saying that this place was adorable. It's nestled in the living/dining room of beautiful townhouse with high high ceilings and simple/inviting decor. Next, all of the menu items are based off of the ingredients the chef gets that week...which leads to a constant changing menu with the freshest of ingredients.
On to the food...
The appetizer winner had to be the chestnut pappardelle with guinea hen ragu. The pasta was paper thin and melt in your mouth. We later learned from the chef that not only did he use these native chestnuts mixed into the dish but he made his own chestnut flour to make the pasta. Talk about impressive. Not to mention, he shared the most incredible story with our table about how these chestnuts came from a 150 year old american tree which is very rare of chestnut trees. This story just made me love the restaurant even more.  
The main course winner was the goose leg confit. I had never had goose before and I am quite certain that I will never have it any better than at Russet. It was cozy and rich without being too heavy. I loved every part of this dish including the spaetzle served underneath. 
I can not wait to get back to Russet. I know the dishes I loved so much won't be there, but I am absolutely looking forward to trying a new creation on the menu that week. 
One more thing, it's BYOB so make sure to bring one of your favorite wines and enjoy!Russet is a great BYOB.  I came here for restaurant week and was not disappointed.  
The ingredients were super fresh, the flavors were very well balanced on the pork shoulder, and the desserts were divine.  I deducted one star for the appetizers on the restaurant week menu being a little underwhelming (the beets and lomo could were good but nothing special).  Service was attentive and not fussy.  The ambiance is on the more romantic side, so this would be a great date place.  In fact, I'm pretty sure the guy sitting behind me was a medical student attempting to woo a pretty gal with trout, wine, and talk of "antibiotics."  If I had to guess, he got lucky after bringing her here.
This is definitely a lovely dining establishment, and I'll be back to sample more of the rotating menu.  I wouldn't be surprised if another menu at another time would be worthy of five stars.Came here for lunch and it was delicious! Had the cheese plate (a bit pricey but really yummy especially the kunik). Followed by possibly the best apple oat muffin I've ever had (hubs even liked the raisins in them - a first!) The omelet was perfectly cooked with a nice herby salad on the side. My branzino had a lovely flaky skin and scrumptious vegetables covered in the juices of the fish. Friend had the duck egg with rave reviews.
A cute place with friendly service, will definitely come againCame here for a restaurant week dinner this week. Overall, am pretty impressed with this place! 
Not that many people I know talk about this restaurant, but I definitely think it is worth being talked about. Seasonal menus, and local farms... I love everything that the restaurant stands for. 
The ambiance definitely gets an A+ in my books. Stunning lighting, awesome coloring...the place is definitely on the smaller side, but it adds to the charm. Love the naturey and rustic feel. Kind of autumny too, which always puts me in a good mood.
I ordered the SWEET CORN RAVIOLI, EGGPLANT PARM, and ALMOND NECTARINE CAKE for my three courses. My favorite was definitely the sweet corn ravioli. So rich and tasty in a creamy white sauce. The eggplant parm was cooked well, and I liked the smoky quality about it. The skin was left on the eggplant, which I liked. The sauce and cheese to top it all off were both also great. The cake was only so-so. A pretty standard cake with some plate art. Nothing to rave about.
2/3 stellar dishes from the restaurant week menu. I liked how they had vegetarian options for all three courses (+1). 
Will definitely be recommending this place to friends who I know would appreciate the charm of this place. Not sure if I personally will be back, but I know I'll try to get some friends to try it out for sure!The food was great.   The menu small but offered excellent choices.   Service was great.   Since we were a large group we ate in the back room, away from the noise for a time.I have not eaten here for an actual dinner service. But... I was just there for a pasta making class. It was excellent.
We were given the opportunity to see the kitchen, watch and help make dough, then actually roll out and make many different types of pasta. 
The chef was very nice and knowledgeable.  The kitchen was very clean. We were given a complimentary glass of wine.  And after we made the pasta, the chef cooked it up.  The food was amazing.  Best pasta I have ever had.
I will definitely be returning for dinner and highly recommend the cooking classes.  Worth every penny.I've eaten here on multiple occasions over the course of the year. I treat each visit as if it were a "first" --because there is no "standard" menu. That fact adds to the excitement of each visit--and I'm never disappointed. More recently, I've switched my eating style to vegan. The dining staff and Chef Andrew accept the request for (and challenge of) preparing off-the-menu vegan meals with alacrity. I simply ask for an appetizer and main dish--giving free range to chef and crew to take me wherever their imaginations and that day's ingredients permit them to go. My vegan meals are exceptional. Thank you, Russet!Very rustic cute ambiance...brunch food is average. Service was rude. Will not be going back.I'll get to the food , but not until I comment on the people than own Russet.
Toward the end of dinner the one wine glass had gotten slippery and long story short a half glass of red wine spilled onto a man at the next table. The man was very gracious about it, and while it was a mistake, his camel hair jacket had red wine splotches on it. The owner of Russet took the jacket, and they started soaking up the wine with club soda. What happened after that I'm not sure because even though I insisted on paying the dry cleaning bill, I was told that the restaurant would take care of everything. I couldn't believe it. I've never had a restaurant handle a situation like that in my life. It wasn't their fault, yet they insisted on getting the jacket cleaned. Not only that, they bought us dessert, and when I offered to buy dessert for the other table the manager wouldn't hear of it. He mentioned to the table my gesture, but instead of me buying dessert, he bought the table dessert because of what happened. Maybe the nicest and most amazing thing I've ever seen at a restaurant in my life. You can't find nicer people to deal with than the people at Russet.
Ok, on to the food.
The table that got the wine bath all ordered the pasta's which they raved about. I will order that next visit, but I can tell you the duck prosciutto was outstanding. Also, the duck brest was a nice sized portion of perfectly cooked duck that came atop Winter root vegetables.
The butterscotch with quince was great, but I preferred the Niagara grape sorbet.
The only thing I would ask for when I go back is to be seated in the back room. At this time of year my tinittus is bad and the back room is a lot quieter than the front room.
They also validate at the Town Garage a block and a half away.Enjoyed a wonderful meal here with fabulous service and excellent meals.  Each of us enjoyed a different entre - the lamb, skate wing, beef, and halibut were all terrific.  The homemade bread was wonderful.  Everything was very fresh, the food came out quickly, we weren't rushed. Just a lovely experience!Came here for dinner on Saturday night. It's a cute, small restaurant with an interesting decor. 
We ordered the pea gnocchi as an appetizer and I ordered the seared sea bass.... Mouthwatering, deliciousness. I could eat that fish everyday. It was cooked perfectly. 
The window we were sitting next to had a boar hoof and horns which were butchered in their kitchen... so interesting. BYOB - bring a bottle!!
Service was a little slow though and there were maybe 10 other guests.I am not sure how this restaurant made it to my list, but it was there and is now crossed off. Ate there last night. The service could NOT have been slower.  We really couldn't have had dessert as the waiter (there were only two on and they were busy-ish) was gone for a half hour at a time.
The food, not quite another story.  The menu- odd, just odd, and I eat out in major cities four nights a week.  The  pastas, except for the ricotta ravioli, lacked flavor- salt, really.  Bland!  The Sformato (sp?) was decent. The papardelle and tagliatelle were weak.  The entrees were different, but only slightly. 
First of all, who wants to eat like a 10 oz. lamb Merguez sausage as their entree? if you are only going to have five or six entrees on the menu, this is an odd selection to add. Then, you eat it and are completely overwhelmed by sodium. All the salt missing from the pasta was found in the sausage.  My Golden Tilefish was served to me as "sushi". I sent a dish back to the kitchen for the second time in 20 years.
All in all, the experience was a zero.  The desserts looked interesting but we never got that far.I came to Russet for dinner with a few friends.  The ambience of the restaurant is very cozy with dim lighting and cute decorations.  Unfortunately, I wasn't a fan of the food.  I ordered the duck as it was highly recommended by the waiter.  The duck was incredibly salty and I needed to drink a couple of glasses of water to offset the saltiness.  The dishes at Russet are quite expensive - you can get better food for the price at other restaurants.I came here for dinner last night with the BF.   It was his treat for my birthday, and boy, what a treat.  This intimate BYO off a busy Center City street serves delicious, locally sourced food from a menu that rotates weekly.  The food is fresh and perfectly seasoned, the staff is friendly and warm, and the ambiance is terrific.  Definitely one of Philly's best kept secrets and a memorable dining experience.
We started with the White Bean Sformato and the Mortadella and Fig Ravioli.  His appetizer (the sformato) was creamy and delicious, especially with the smoked trout.  I didn't enjoy the greens, but they were still very crisp.  My ravioli was great: a little sweet, a little savory, and a great balance of flavor for the filling.  My main course, the Pan Roasted Hen with Carmelized Squash was unlike anything else I've ever had.  I rarely have chicken when I dine out, but this was among some of the best I've eaten.  The skin was crispy, the meat was juicy and flavorful, and the sides were savory and slightly salty.  It provided a great balance of flavor to the dish.  His veal leg with polenta and string beans was also terrific.  Dessert didn't disappoint either.  My ice cream sandwich with brown butter ice cream, nectarines, and shortbread was nothing short of amazing and one of the best desserts I've had (even without chocolate!).  Creamy, not overly sweet, and a robust mix of spices with sweetness.  Absolutely excellent.
I'm excited to come back here another time when the menu changes and I can try more of the great food that Russet puts out.  Not only does it taste great, but it's beautifully presented and artfully crafted.  It's also greatly enhanced by the friendly, warm, and attentive staff and the charming intimate decor and atmosphere that truly makes any night special.  I highly recommend Russet for a change of pace from the Garces and Starr restaurants.I made reservations for 11 am brunch here. I got here and the music was on but no one in sight. I waited for 10 min then finally called out and no one answered. I left to go to another restaurant and called 15 min later to inform them what happened, and they picked up the phone then hung up on me. I gave them a second shot a month later for restaurant week... Food was mediocre at best. The restaurant needs air conditioning. It is hot and uncomfortable. No thank youRusset is a nice spot, and I'd love to go back any time.Went there for brunch with a group of about 8. The food was ok, nothing special. Very plain. I asked the hostess for cream with my coffee and when I poured it in my coffee, it was all chunky!! So disgusting. I don't know how she didn't notice when she poured it in the creamer container. 
There are many places in Philly with much better brunches, and for a better price.BYOB, farm to table, amazing service, great food. Will definitely be going back! I absolutely love farm to table restaurants and this one is cute and cozy and serves great, fresh food. They serve Italian dishes but seems like they add some American flare to it. The staff was beyond nice and super friendly.Ah, I want to love Russet but I just can't. I went there tonight and while the food was delicious, the service was horrible! There ere two of us and we shared a 1st course and each ordered a 2nd course. All there dishes were excellent! Here's the bad news, our 'server' (although I'm not exactly sure who that was) didn't greet us, didn't clear our plates and when he presented the desert menu, didn't return for over 30 minutes. The inside in cute and the atmosphere is sweet, but he passed by our table SEVERAL times without a peep. Hello, we actually wanted to order desert. By the time the hostess of all people came by to ask if we wanted desert, we decided to leave and walk to capaggiro. Huge disappointment. 
I was just talking to a colleague about how even when you get bad service, you tip 20% and it doesn't give any signal that they need to improve. So, I decided to leave a 6% tip which was reflective of the service received. So sad because the food is so good!First and foremost, a good restaurant needs to serve good food. Russet failed on that dimension. I went with my girlfriend. To start we had the fish tartare and the pasta with goat. We enjoyed each. Then, disaster struck. We each ordered the veal shank, which was the most expensive item on the menu and the recommendation of our waitress. It was terrible. Without exaggeration, the meet was so tough my girlfriend could not cut hers. As I sawed through my meat and chewed each piece for up to a minute, I felt like I was eating cheap meat from a bad supermarket.This place is mediocre. I've been twice now but am unlikely to return. The food is fine, and the atmosphere is nice, but there are way better restaurants in the area...The wife and I had five plates total. I had the goat tartare and the striped bass with salsify and she had the tagliatelle with ramps and rabbit (including many, tiny bones) and the goat with crowder peas (which were inedibly salty). The seasoning was all over the place. Some items were salty, some were bland.
Service? Slow, not attentive and average. No menu descriptions (why not mention the source for your farm to table ingredients?) and no service. No wine or water pouring? Servers dropped off menus and plates and picked them up. Overall, not worth 20% tip though we left that anyways.
Overall, just underwhelming. Won't be going back.The worst culinary idea ever:  Strawberry Ravioli!  The chef that thought this up should be canned!  They brought this to us complimentary.  Horrible.The food here was terrific.  The service was friendly, cordial and professional.  The staff are true supporters of the owners and their mission.  And why not.  The success shows up on the plate.  My only complaint is the noise level.  I would love to go to a great restaurant that supports real conversations and is not just a place for
people to be glued to their phones.   Noise is the reason I entertain at home more and more.  I can source lots of fantastic food for home cooking now and the atmosphere is so much nicer.  I guess if you don't know how to cook you must go out to experience quality.We like to try new places and my sister selected Russet for an early dinner before the show for the four of us.  My GF and I arrived early, and the place smelled wonderfully like fresh ground coffee, they were in fact grinding for service. We were immediately seated and offered water, and we ordered some iced-tea and GF ordered a double iced-espresso which was better than our favorite, Chestnut Hill coffee.  Good start!
The menus, which apparently change frequently, are short and the descriptions concise, which is fine with us. Enough information to decide if you like the ingredients but not so flowery that they try to seduce you, that's left to the food.
We all ordered apps.  The zucchini and cheese ravioli was the best ever, the pasta was delightfully light melt in your mouth, and the flavors delicate (and not too much salt, thank you!).  We all tasted each others apps, and all agreed about the quality of the pasta.  The beet salad was also delicious as was the cauliflower sformato.
During dinner we consumed 3 or 4 bottles of sparkling (cold!) water, which looks and tastes/feels like they make it on site.  In this heat (90+) we were grateful, and no ice necessary.  Funny how you notice the small things at a fine establishment.
The entree's were also quite good.  My (wild) striped bass was cooked nicely.  My BIL had the same entree. The fennel that accompanied it was a wonderful strong flavor that supported the mild bass.  However the fennel core was left in and just too tough to consume (or cut).
GF had the scallops, cooked perfectly with a light sear.  These were very large scallops, mild in flavor. I only had one bite, mostly scallop, so can't describe everything else on the plate, but GF loved it.  Sister had the pappardelle as an entree and she enjoyed that too.
Both the apps and entrees are smaller than you might expect, but with the high quality we were not disappointed.  We all were able to enjoy a desert since we were not "stuffed".  And the deserts were also all wonderful.  The cherry clafouti was firm, not like a custard or flan, with some softly whipped cream. Since I've never tried this before I'm not sure if the texture is "correct" but it seemed a little bit dry. The strawberry-balsamic sorbet was absolutely stunning.  And the chocolate-black raspberry semifreddo was created with a light hand.  Don't miss the deserts!
Service was top notch.
We were never rushed (nice for a Friday night), when we needed a new bottle of fizzy water, it just arrived.
And when, near the end of our meal, we needed to hurry just a bit to make the show, no problem, the check was quickly delivered.
Many people refer to their restaurant experiences as "eating out". And I often do that too, but I prefer to "dine" with family and friends.
Go, dine, enjoy.This is a comment for the brunch at Russet. 
Food is good, but choices are limited. Fresh OJ costs $4, which is way over-priced.Enjoyed a delicious brunch with thoughtfully prepared dishes. Striped bass was perfectly cooked with a wonderful mustard seed sauce. Omelet was sufficiently cheesy as were the grits.  And as a byo we enjoyed champagne and orange juice to start off the meal. Portions sizes were ideal.This is my favorite restaurant in Philadelphia. I moved here a few months ago and have been given more restaurant recommendations than I can count-- and have visited probably 10-15ish of the most-often-recommended places (Garces Trading Co, Alma de Cuba, etc). All of the restaurants of this caliber in Philly are expensive, and Russet's no exception, but the fact that it's BYO makes it one of the more reasonable options. It also has the best food.
We ordered the salmon and the beef shoulder, both of which came with vegetables.  The beef shoulder came with "carrots," but when it arrived it was actually carrots done 2 or 3 different ways-- one was whipped, one was caramelized, one had been marinated, etc. Also, the mushrooms were cooked perfectly: almost crispy on the outside, but very juicy on the inside. A lot of reviewers are focusing on the local nature of the food, which is great, but there are also some very talented chefs at work here-- I've never had vegetables prepared so well. The salmon, which I am very finicky about and was nervous about ordering, was also perfect. I will say that our dessert (a maple ice cream, I think) was not as good as we were expecting. The taste was fairly mild, and there wasn't much ice cream for the price. But overall, one of the best meals I've had this year.
Also, I noticed some people commenting about the slow service. It wasn't busy when we went, but our server (a thin, blonde woman in her 30s, I think) was incredibly warm and attentive. She was also very genuinely excited about the food and the restaurant-- if anything, she was a little chatty! So, I don't doubt that the service was middling around Restaurant Week, but that was very far from our experience.Yummy! 
I love the quiet ambience here. Came on a Sunday and got their Potato Gnocchi, Seared Cape May Fluke, and Bittersweet Chocolate Semifreddo. Gnocchi and fish were cooked perfectly. Although the gnocchi was kind of plain, the eggplant and squash blossom sauce for the fish were really really good. Semifreddo was kind of grainy? 
Good for a nice and quiet dinner, with simple and fresh flavors.The restaurant is inside an old residence.  We were there for brunch on a Saturday and there was not much of a crowd.  If you go during dinner hours, I suspect that carrying on a conversation would be difficult with the tables packed in.  Our server was very attentive.  We had the omelet and pancake and we were very happy with our food and the prices were very reasonable.  I would recommend you stop in.I enjoyed a pretty spectacular meal here, taking advantage of the prix fixe Restaurant Week menu with a few friends. The restaurant is housed inside a converted rowhome, and has a very cozy and intimate vibe. It's BYOB, so pick up a bottle (or a few) of your favorite wine beforehand to bring along.
It was pretty difficult to choose between the restaurant week course offerings, but eventually I made my decisions and I certainly didn't have any regrets. I started with the sweet potato soup, which was totally amazing and I wish I could eat it every day. Peppered with chunks of smoked bacon, it was a delicious balance of savory and sweet and a great start to the meal. For my entree, I went with the brisket. The meat was extremely tender and flavorful, served with mashed potatoes and cabbage. Definitely some quality comfort food!
For dessert, I chose the chocolate budino which replaced one of the original options on the menu. This cross between a cake and pudding was warm, gooey, and rich, and the creme fraiche and tart plums made for a great combination and end to the meal.
I'll definitely need to make a return trip!Very disappointing. We arrived at 6pm on a Saturday, so you'd expect everything on the menu to be available and primed for hungry diners. Portions were very small, and where my wife and I usually share an appetizer, neither of our appetizers were big enough for 1 let alone 2.  Similarly with the main dishes and especialy the desserts. They were completely out of the main course that 3 of our table of 6 wanted. And they were out of ice cream for dessert, and they had no coffee (really? just run over to Starbucks and don't tell anyone!).  Anyway, the fact that they made the Philadelphia Magazine top 50 really makes me question that magazine. Not a good experience or value. Service was OK.I'm sad to give this restaurant only 2 stars. I had such high expectations for this restaurant due to friends previous dining experiences. The reason why is mainly due to the service but also that my tile fish came out raw. The service was so slow and very in personable. No one seemed to enjoy serving there and no one even apologized for my meal coming out raw. There were nothing about the service that warmed me up and made me feel like I was wanted there. The other dishes were really good and came out evenly timed. I highly recommend the papperdelle and the apple tree cheesecake. Just don't count on actually enjoying the dining experience.Sunday brunch at Russet today. Thoughtful menu. Very cute atmosphere. However, inattentive, unenthusiastic, slow service. Food was good, but every single dish was too salty--even the grits. This place has huge potential, but we were not impressed.Russet is a nice BYOB off of  the Square. It's pretty good overall and the food was tasty and fresh.   A couple of minuses though.  See the review about the menu.  It's pretty limited.  They do change it frequently and I get that they probably don't get large quantities of each.  But they ran out of a lot of choices on the menu so the selection was really limited.  I enjoyed my dish but the portions are on the small side, so don't go too hungry like I did.  And word to the coffee and tea lovers, if you like the artificial sweeteners ('ya know the blue, yellow, or pink packets) you better bring your own because they don't offer them here.  Service was hurried but professional and atmosphere is quaint and well done.  Would I return? Yes I would, but they've got a little way to go before it would be a top choice for me.I had a lovely Restaurant Week dinner here and I would definitely recommend Russet for any dinner! Ambiance is basically someone's home, but later in the evening a very LOUD home. Our server was wonderful and very attentive. We brought two bottles of wine (BYOB!). The menu was small, but difficult to choose from! I appreciated the supplemental cheese plate they offered - 3 great choices and they brought us fresh bread as well. 
The goat cheese ravioli was absolutely perfect - I am a huge fan of goat cheese, and this dish did not disappoint. Great tang from the roasted tomatoes! My main was the slow roasted pork over polenta and kale. The tomato sauce was incredibly flavorful and the meat was well cooked. For dessert, I had the apple cake. The oregano was a surprise, but great complement. 
Great addition to the BYOB crowd in Philly!Came here this weekend with friends.
Food was ok nothing special.
Service was completely horrible, our server Matt simply sucked.Russet really understands 'New American' dining.
The service was fantastic.  It was a quiet Tuesday and our waitress took really great care of us.
As for the appetizers, the Pici (pasta dish) was great.  I could really tell that the pasta and sauce was handmade.  
For the entrees, we ordered the duck and the steak.  Both medium-rare, the meats were perfectly cooked and seasoned.  The garnishing actually added good flavor as well.
My only caveat is that since the establishment is 'farm-to-table', we probably won't have the same options the next time we go as their menu changes with the seasons.A second visit to Russet, call it the give-them-the-benefit-of-the-doubt visit, will be our last.  The food is mediocre.  Worse, it is overpriced.  Two of us had a TOTAL of one entre and one dessert each with NOTHING else and the bill was $98 with tax and tip.  (No sense punishing the wait staff).  There are too many other restaurants worth visiting to give Russet a third chance especially since it would not be the charm!Went with my family after hearing from friends about Russet's use of seasonal ingredients from local sources. Remarkably fresh, but in my opinion, a tad overpriced. Portion sizes were decent, but I just didn't feel it merited over $25 a plate. My family had the following:
purple asparagus salad
(pickled beets and radishes, baby mizuna)
-Refreshing dish and the beets were wonderful. Very light and not overdressed. 
hand cut pappardelle
(duck liver ragu, maitake mushroom, thyme)
-The best of the three. Wonderful blend of flavors and the maitake comes through even with the heavy duck liver. 
stinging nettle garganelli
(scallops,, thai basil, crispy pancetta)
-The pasta was so-so and a tad over-cooked. The single scallop, while delicious and perfectly seasoned, was a bit stingy. 
----
california kingfish
savoy spinach, spring onion, sunchokes, salsa verde
-Great mix of textures and cooked just right. A tad oily but good treatment of a meatier fish.
slow roasted pork belly
asparagus, creamy polenta, savoy spinach, rosemary
-Disappointingly under-seasoned, and a bit fatty. Weakest of the 3, and the dish didn't come together as well as the others in terms of the flavors.
ribeye steak
red chard, polenta
-Great preparation of the polenta and the steak was cooked just right. The steak had a bit of an off-taste to it, which was a bit surprising.A quaint, albeit loud BYOB. The service was pleasant, the food was mostly very good, and the prices were reasonable. Given all the great food choices in Philly I'm not certain I'll run back any time soon, but if you haven't checked it out it's definitely worth a visit.(Opening week review): GREAT LAUNCH! Outstanding dining room staff--charming,  attentive, and not obsequious; knowledgeable about the dishes; flexible in permitting substitutions. Dishes were timely served,  to right temperatures, and in proper manner. 
Small but intriguing menu that changes daily--not the "same old, same old" offerings you see everywhere around town. Very nice variety of unusually prepared dishes that will appeal to a fairly broad range of tastes. Each main course stood up proudly on its own.
Tasty desserts.
BYOB always a plus.
Passed by the kitchen on our way out--calm kitchen--chef and staff seemed to have everything under control--and the dining room was full.
Warm environment--and even at peak, noise level was fine.
Reasonable prices.
Glad to have you in the Rittenhouse Square neighborhood, Russet.Great menu and concept, still has the chance to tweak the execution to improve.  In general the space, service, and food all good but not in line with price relative to nearby competitors in the $30 entree range. Dinner for 2 (three courses each) without any drinks or tip $125.  Note taken of other reviews complaining about scant portions: Go to Olive Garden if you are in need of food coma!  We were full half way through the entrees.  Yes, you get five little mind-blowing ravioli in a half inch of browned butter for your appetizer - it's enough!
Delicious bread and butter - just the right amount, and yes, there is a salt cellar on the table which is a nice crunch to the sweet butter.   No added salt needed on the rest of the meal, in fact it was all significantly oversalted in our opinion.  
We started with a squash ravioli in butter sauce - seems from reading other reviewers that you cannot go wrong with the day's ravioli.  Little pillows of melt in your mouth deliciousness.  Hand rolled "pici" spaghetti like pasta in a meat sauce likewise delicious (though salty).
As others have noted, the entrees were less impressive.  Turkey stuffed cabbage was OK - too salty!  Fluke with chard in a hollandaise was bland and "sushi" in the middle (not that I don't like sushi).   Dessert:  Mille feuille terrific.  Cheese plate was good but plunked down without any identification of the cheeses or accompaniments (there was a honeyed fruit something which was really good, and paper thin crisps of bread).  In general service was competent but lackluster.
We love a good BYOB in the neighborhood and will give Russet another chance after they settle in - maybe next time will do all appetizers and dessert!A delightful meal!  Sweetheart had the duck, and I had the sea bass.  Preparation and presentation on both entrees was beautiful.  The mix of vegetable dabs and the fish was delicious.  My taste of the duck was good, too, although that's not my thing.  Loved the open feeling of the dining room, which had very good sound control.Amazing!  I've been dying to go here for almost two years - it was my last nice meal before I moved out of Philly, and it was everything I expected it to be.  My best friend and I went there for the Sunday night prix fixe meal ($35 for 4 courses), and we left full and happy :)  The millefeuille seasonal dessert was seriously divine and the apple gorgonzola tart (who would have thought...) was AMAZING.
Service was excellent... Did I mention it was also BYO?  Hurry and go there.  It's a beautiful date spot.  Don't be daunted by the exquisite interior because it is far from a stuffy establishment :)The food at Russet is worth 5 stars. Unfortunately, our service was slow and inattentive and we were put in the back room with a VERY loud table (this can happen when BYOB leads to a group bringing literally 20 bottles of wine...). The gnocchi was divine as a starter and the beet ravioli is unlike anything else I have ever had and I wanted a second and maybe a third bowl of it... I then had the celery involtini which was so unique but executed perfectly and tasted amazing. It is a great place to bring foodies and I look forward to going again since the menu changes frequently - I just hope the service is better next time and I'll request not to be put in the back room.Nice decor and cosy atmostphere. 
Food was inventive but did not hit its mark.
We had two appetizers, three mains and a dessert and we weren't overly enthusiastic about the overall meal. The best item was the branzino.Great food and service.  The eggplant/zucchini dish was great.Even though cozy is cliche for a byob, I'm using it. Boom. That's what this place is. Food is very good, and the servers all seemed pleasant. Good date spot, and BYO part keeps it reasonable.Russet is another BYOB that I love for the fact that it offers a menu based on the concept of "Farm to Table" and for being a family owned business. 
Their menu is very decent and changes very, very often. Prices range in the average prices as many other BYOB's in the city. I've been here many times starting last year when it had recently opened. I enjoyed a restaurant week menu and it made me come back after that three other times. It doesn't disappoint. 
As far as interior design, it's very pretty and cozy. Love the vintage details such as old pictures and frames. I'd like to add that it's very warm here, even though the temperatures outside might be low. Another plus for this city BYOB is the spaciousness. Chances are that you won't be near another party of people. Unless, you are sitting at the booths towards the kitchen, to the right. 
If you book through Open Table, you'll find out that there's usually availability for this place even if you forgot to reserve it a day ahead. I've done mines at the last minute. Grab a good bottle of wine and head here on a Friday/Saturday night. You'll enjoy it.Started with a lovely sweet potato soup (braised bacon, sage, pepitas, parmigiano-reggiano), which was not as thick as I'd expected, but was quite tasty. Finished with a bittersweet chocolate budino (black pepper crme frache, candied nibs, preserved green meadow italian plums), which the internet defines as a sweet Italian dish, usually rich and creamy like a custard or pudding. This budino was more cake-like; however, it was moist and flavorful and the slightly-sour plums were a great pairing. The main course was a delightful portion of super-tender brisket, mashed (white) potatoes, and amazing (slightly pickled?) red cabbage, which I just wanted more of!
Service was friendly, space was charming.Amazing service and wonderful food. LOVE that it's BYOB! The waiting staff was incredibly nice and knowledgable. They knew how to explain the dishes we had questions about and were able to make recommendations efficiently. Everything is farm to table which is nice because all the ingredients are fresh and local. This makes it worth every penny! I do wish some of the dishes had a bit more exquisite flavors in them, as some of them seemed to be seasoned with standard spices. Definitely a delicious meal though and we'll be going back for sure.We came for dinner, and I absolutely loved the dimly-lit, rustic setting.  The restaurant itself can seat 6 tables and a few booths, so it is decently sized.  Plus, it's a BYOB!  The food was very good, as well.  I had the seared swordfish with sunchokes, leeks, and romanesco sauce (they were out of the scallops), and the fish fillet was cooked to a tender medium, which I very much appreciated, as I like my fish on the semi-rare side.  The outside was seared so that the exterior was nice and semi-crispy.  The thick romanesco sauce was quite savory and paired well with the leeks and sunchokes, which by themselves would not have had much flavor.  The homemade multi-grain bread was fantastic: fluffly, nutty, and soft on the interior with a flavorful crust.  It is served with butter but you don't really need it.  The roasted duck breast with potatoes and sauteed wilted greens was also very good, and served with a rich jus.  I would recommend ordering it on the medium to medium-rare side.  The pork belly was solid, but a bit on the fatty side, so it's not for those who are looking for a light meal.  My friend ordered both of the pasta dishes du jour, one which was cooked with a beef ragu and another ravioli dish.  She thoroughly enjoyed both, and they did look quite appetizing,  Service was great, and it's a nice option for a dinner with friends or a date, since there are candles on the table already.Russet is amazing! I had their rabbit with sweet potatoes and a bed of greens last night and it was to die for! The service was great as well. Also, it is such a great atmosphere, the building is beautiful and the decor is adorable.Five of us went to Russet for brunch on Sunday. Nice, quiet place. The menu is limited, but offers nice options both with and without meet. Mostly classic brunch items with an organic twist. Eggs Benedict were clearly missing from the menu, which was otherwise a good selection. Food, when it arrived, was very good and just the right quantity for brunch. It is a BYOB. Unfortunately, the service was mediocre at best. The restaurant was not very busy, maybe a 1/3 of the tables were occupied. Our waitress might have been a trainee, but did not announced herself as such, or at least very inexperienced. She couldn't answer the simplest questions about our menu items. After we placed our order, we had to wait over 30 minutes to get our first course, and again as much between the courses. The other waitress, much busier and more active, got three tables served ahead of us. People got seated, ordered, got served, ate and left... and we just watched and waited. Finally, after 2+ hours in the restaurant, we had to rush out without even considering desserts to catch our train. So really disappointed in the service, but the food was good.Lovely setting, great farm to table menu changes daily. BYOB! 
I would check the menu online prior to going to know which ingredients the kitchen is working with. I had my wine selection nailed as a result of a little research, and also consequently had my main dish on my mind all afternoon! 
Love this place.I forgot to mention that if people in Philadelphia like this restaurant, they probably think Pat's is a luxe night out. This place is just BADI experienced a 4 course meal from Russet when our friends had their wedding rehearsal dinner here. I had an amazing experience here, from the meat and cheese platters during cocktail hour, to the amazing hospitality. The cocktail hour spread included various meats and cheeses, mustards and spreads, including honeycomb- which was a huge hit. The space was perfect for the amount of people (about 50) and servers were attentive. The menu was comprised of (First course) Country-Style Rabbit Terrine with autumn lettuces, beets, cucumbers, and mustard, (Second course) Seared Barnegat Light Scallops with sweet corn syrup, roasted peppers, and herbs, (Third Course) Grilled Eggplant ravioli with tomato conserva, purple basil, and ricotta, and (Fourth Course)- choice of one- Wild Striped Sea Bass, St. Brigid's Farm Veal Leg, or Long Neck Pumpkin. I chose the Veal Leg, which came with braised green beans, wax beans, and herb jus. For dessert, we enjoyed Valrhona Chocolate Budino with grand mariner cream and beechwood orchard plum jam. I enjoyed every course, but I especially loved the Scallops. They were in a creamy soup-like broth and was so flavorful and rich.. Two of the courses especially resonated with me because of my love for garlic. The scallops and the ravioli seemed to have fresh farlic all throughout them, really enhancing the flavor profile of the dishes. I think I could eat the scallops every day. Amazing. I was so glad to experience Russet while visiting Philly and hope to return.Cute place with a lively, yet chill atmosphere. Coming from NYC, i found the prices very reasonable considering its BYOB. 
I went with a group of 8 friends, and they accomodated us pretty well on a Sat night. 
I'd go again.In a few words -- ambiance is soft and intimate, food is fresh and farm to table so you can feel pumped about that, and BYOB which is always a positive so you can splurge on more noms and bring your own EtOH! They start you with fresh locally baked bread + butter. The menu is dainty and succinct. Our waitress told us they do homemade pasta daily which is a treat. We each selected a pasta to try for an appetizer because we were famished. The ravioli were little pillows of splendor made with fiddlehead ferns and cheese. We also tried another of their pastas before ordering mains. We ordered the lamb and red snapper. I was truly impressed with the ability of the chef to use fresh local ingredients creatively in multiple dishes -- for example fresh local asparagus was present in the ravioli app and the mains. The fish and lamb were perfectly cooked. It was refreshing to go to a restaurant where the ingredients were fresh and local, but the technique of cooking was on par as well! Recommend for date nights for sure!The ambiance is cozy, charming, and down to earth, and the food is delicious.  For my meal, I had the parsnip potato soup and mushroom omelette.  Don't be fooled though.  This isn't just any potato soup or omelette.  The smoked red onion agrodolce and crispy pancetta made the soup special and unforgettable.  And the ricotta and mushroom omelette with a side of rosemary potatoes were so good, I didn't even notice the lack of bread.  With a city full of comfort brunches like Honey's (which is nothing to write home about), this place is a breath of fresh air.  Excited to have this restaurant in my city!Stinging nettle at brunch is awesome. Brunch prices are reasonable.Russet offered a one night Paleo "cook out" menu which a group of 6 of us went to enjoy. I had never been to Russet before and was really surprised at how great it was. 
The place itself is kind of an easy place to walk by and Inside doesn't seat many people, it looks like a converted house so you feel like your at a friends house dining almost. The service and staff was very accommodating and seemed to all work together and the thing I loved is that an no time did I every feel rushed...this really was a great dining experience. 
During this dinner we had this prefix menu...oh and its BYOB! 
Round One~~ Beef Heart with heirloom tomatoes, hot pepper and basil. Now I admit I was skeptical of this as I have never had heart before... but wow was it amazing! The flavor was a little like teriyaki and cooked perfectly.
Round Two~~ Scallop and Tuscan sausage spiedino with smokey eggplant puree, roasted cauliflower and green coriander. This course was also delicious, we weren't sure how the eggplant puree would turn out but the entire dish and flavors worked together wonderfully. 
Round Three~~ Whole roasted beef with grilled summer veggies and salsa verde. It's had to really pick a favorite but I think if I absolutely had to that this beef dish might be my favorite. It was so unbelievably tender and juicy and tasty...I mean my mouth is watering just thinking about this. 
Dessert~~ Summer stone fruits. The only part that we weren't too much a fan of was the fruit in "foam" which the fruit wasn't ripe enough and didn't have much flavor...however it kind of felt intentional. 
I am not sure if any of these things are on their normal menu but if there is anything close then you will enjoy it.Dined last night for the first time for my wedding anniversary. The dining room was almost full of theater-goers, and we had a 6:30 reservation. The dining room is too tight; I had guests pushing & bumping my seat the ENTIRE time. That does not work for me. The whole time I felt uncomfortably pinned up against my table. First impressions go a long way, and since it took nearly 10 minutes for a server to greet us, I was less than impressed. When the server finally made it to our table, the first thing he said was "do you have any questions about the menu?", in which case I did - just asking what kind of pasta was being served. We ordered our first & second courses and drinks. I got my drink after another 10 minutes, but my husband didn't get his for at least 15 minutes! We didn't get bread until 35 minutes after we got there. That is ridiculous. Now, I'm pissed. My husband & I like trying new restaurants all the time, and since I've worked in the restaurant industry for 15 years, I have expectations & I have understanding. This was unacceptable. I imagined getting up & leaving the restaurant by now, but I didn't want to put my husband on the spot. 
I calmed down after we finally got bread service because I had been really hungry by this point. Then started another waiting game. It had to have been at least 15 minutes that we waited for our 1st course, at which time the server said more pasta had to be made, & it would be another minute. Another 5 minutes pass, and we finally have our first course! My husband got pumpkin agnolotti & I got mushroom papperdelle. I noticed the pasta had been sprinkled w something, but the restaurant is very dimly lit, so I took a bite. The sprinkles were very crunchy, and I started to feel some heat. I thought it was possibly black pepper. I didn't really care, though, because I was starving by this point, and the pasta was cooked perfectly. Then I started choking. The crispy sprinkles were so hot, my mouth was on fire & I started coughing! Wth? I knew I couldn't eat it, but I tried eating a little more because I was afraid it might be a long time before we got any more food! I couldn't do it. My husband's pumpkin agnolotti was awesome. I asked him if he wanted my pasta because he likes spicy food. He ate it and then complained how overly spicy it was. He said his mouth was on fire, then he said he regretted eating it because of the heat he was feeling going down into his stomach. When I waved to get the server's attention, I explained that I'd like to order another appetizer, and the one I had was way too spicy. Honestly, it should be clearly stated on the menu, or the server should warn you if you order this dish of how spicy it is. 
Next thing you know, our entres come out! And behind them is my server bringing the replacement appetizer! Our entres were fresh & tasty, as was the 2nd choice on the appetizer. (Potato gnocchi - the menu said it had cayenne pepper, so I asked if that could be left off, just in case) I got the swordfish & my husband got the duck breast. I couldn't even try his duck, unfortunately, because it was so rare. He was disappointed with how rare it was, also, but he doesn't like to make a fuss so he just ate it. The server never asked what temperature he wanted it prepared. Dessert was good. We both got coffee & almond cake. The server brought out a complimentary bowl of raspberry ice cream, which was a nice touch. He said desserts were gonna be free because of the appetizer mishap, I imagined. Although no one ever mentioned anything about our anniversary. My husband asked if they could write on the dessert plate, but they said they don't do that, but they would put a candle in our dessert when he made the reservation. Nope, they didn't do that, either. Then we got the check, and we were charged for the desserts anyway, except not the ice cream, and we weren't charged for our beverages (2 coffees, 1 soda, 2 iced teas). That was fine. 
What a shame. Food was good, but nothing else was good enough. I won't be back.We adore Russet! Was there very recently with some friends, and we stayed for four hours, had way too much wine (self imposed as this is a BYO) and requested at least one dietary restriction. The staff and proprietors could not have been more wonderful throughout. An excellent meal, beautiful space, and truly memorable evening - we can't wait to return!We came for brunch today around 11:30 and it was pretty quiet, which was really nice since we were a group of 3 girls wanting to chat and catch up.  We split a cranberry scone, which was fluffy with a perfect balance of tart berries sprinkled throughout.  My omelet with woodland shitake mushrooms and tomato creme puree was very good - the sauce was amazing!  It comes with a side of greens as well, although the menu indicated butternut squash (?).  The beef tartine that my friend ordered was fanastic though.  The balance of fried egg with a runny yoke over braised corned beef, Swiss cheese, and toast was amazing.  Will definitely try this next time.  The pancetta over greens small plate was solid, as well and comes with a creamy dressing.  Service was solid and the food came out in less than 10 minutes.  A great brunch option for a small group with good food and a cozy ambiance.I can't say enough great things about Russet.  Freshest local ingredients, beautiful decor and cheery service.  
The kind of place you would expect to get a wine list with outrageous bottles, instead a wonderful BYOB! 
I believe the menu is a weekly rotation (maybe daily?), utilizing the highest quality ingredients they can find (check out their Instagram to see what great stuff will be ending up on your plate). Chef Andrew is a world class butcher and knows how to maximize any cut of meat.  
I was most impressed with a Pocono Trout I had there, fantastically aromatic herbs and the lightest, most delicate meat. Also worth mentioning, that meal was during restaurant week and I was downtown for a show at the Kimmel and decided to get dinner first... without making a reservation!! But none the less, they got me in! 
Getting to dessert is one of the most exciting parts of the experience, with Kristin making some of the most delicious Italian inspired desserts. 
To not let it get too verbose, I'll say simply... The best chefs know how to make quality ingredients speak for themselves and Russet has nailed that concept!I found my new favorite restaurant!  I went there with my sister and niece and we all loved the food, service and ambiance.  When I read the menu I had no idea what to order.  I normally order very basic conservative entrees.  The server suggested the omelet with asparagus and mushrooms over greens.  I normally would never order this type of entre, but so happy I went with her recommendation. It was the best omelet I have ever eaten. My sister ordered the hash and cleared her plate.  We started with a scone with homemade jam; it was delicious. Our server suggest us sharing a sorbet for desert and it was a perfect ending to a fabulous meal.  Also, the service was excellent!  I highly recommend Russet!Appetizers were great. Unfortunately main course came out 15 minutes later than the rest of the table and when it did come out food was cold and uninspiring. Back dinning room was very loud. I don't see us coming back anytime soon, too many great restaurants in the city.We were very excited to visit this restaurant, but were disappointed with the slow service.  For an early evening seating, there were only a few other tables.  Had 4 courses with significant lulls before, between and after all courses: each time was 15 - 20 minutes of us staring at our dirty dishes, napkins on the table, cutlery turned away as if that wasn't enough of a hint.  No one explained the slow service or checked on us.
When food arrived, it was okay, but what we will remember was the final 20 minutes with glasses and plates empty just waiting to get our check and pay.  Spent more time waiting than actually eating and drinking, so left disappointed.So for me, any restaurant that has a seasonal menu and sources their food from local farms starts out at at least four stars in my book.  That's not always easy to do and I admire chefs and restaurant owners who avoid short cuts and make this a priority.  
That being said, there were a couple of things about Russet that almost, ALMOST make me want to give it three stars.  The first - slow service.  The staff is very nice, but also very inattentive.  We sat at our table for a good long time staring at our waiting-to-be-corked bottles of wine before anyone ever paid attention to us.  Getting in the way of me and wine on a Friday night is never a good way to start a dining experience.
The second - One order of our table's ice cream came out as what was basically ice cream soup.  It was delicious, but it was soupscream, not ice cream.
So our meal was bookended with two not so positive experiences, but it was Restaurant Week, so I cut them some slack.  
Outside of that, everyone loved what they ordered.  The stars of the evening seemed to be the garlic ravioli, bull's blood beet sformato, loch fyne salmon (with a special yum for the oyster mushrooms that accompanied it) and the blueberry ice cream.
Russet, you're so close to being one of Philly's best BYOs.  So close.  I like your style though, so I'll come back if the opportunity presents itself.Russet has great food. The menu changes often as it is a farm to table restaurant. Small menu, but very appealing options. The trout I had was amazing. My sister got some sort of beet pure that was out of this world. I also remember their scallops being cooked to perfection a previous time I went here. I have heard they have great brunch here as well and I would look forward to trying it.
That being said, the service is very bad. It was also a little stuffy and hot the last time I went there. I would prefer coming here on a weekday as opposed to the busier weekend nights. It is a romantic setting that would be great for a date and BYOB!The food was fantastic, I had the very fatty pork, the waiter did tell me it was a 70:30 fat to meat ratio. This place is sublime, a little charm, a little class, but with a certain poise that other places should grasp. Would I come back, sure would!Went for restaurant week fall 2018 and to celebrate baes birthday. Disappointed to say the least and upset I dropped the that amount of money on a dinner he didn't enjoy. Firstly, the $35 flat rate doesn't include many items on the menu - so tack on an extra $20 if you want steak which my partner ordered. Excited to get a medium rare piece of meat, he was surprised when a tough fatty slab of meat arrived. He actually used water and wine to get the food down so I wouldn't feel bad about bringing him there. In addition to this mess, his soup he ordered was cold when it arrived so he barely finished that. The 1 Star is for the byob cause the wine we brought was great. Will not be recommending this place and would suggest eater remove it from their 38 essentially philly restaurants.A bit expensive for the portion sizes but it was delicious! The ambiance is pretty romantic too, good date night.Another restaurant whose place settings don't include spoons. I'm going to start packing spoons in my purse. This time it was bothersome because our dishes had sauces and I really like a bit of the sauce with my pasta, meat or fish. Many dishes featured fiddle head ferns, which were great and a testament to how seasonal they keep the menu, there was a lack of ramps though which was surprising since I had picked some earlier so they were certainly readily available. I would happily put this restaurant in a frequent rotation if I was a local.Russet is a perfect little BYOB. Farm to table style is my favorite.
My friend and I split the fall salad. We didn't like it very much there was not enough vegetables or flavor.
We are both gluten free and the menu was very accommodating to finding options to fit our diet.
She had the beef shoulder and I had the duck breast. Both of the dishes were cooked to perfection.
Food- 4
Service -4.5
Ambience- 4
Overall rating 4.2. I cannot wait to come back!Russet is where its at.  I have known of Andrew Wood and have had the fortune of tasting his food in the past.  My wife and I just celeberated our 5th wedding anniversay this past weekend and had a reservation for Sunday night that we highly inticipated.  In the past when I was over excited about something I leave dissapointed.  This was not the case.
First of all BYO which I do not know for how long but its a great way to free up some money to order more FOOD.
My wife started with the mortadella tortellini I could stop writing here.  It may be the best app I have every had.  So Savory and the pistachio gave it a perfect crucn.
I had the stuffed cabbage.  Really cool combo of Shrimp and blood orange
For Dinner My Wife went scallops and I braised beef shoulder.  Both fantastic.
Tried three desserts (It was a special occasion) loved all three cinnamon ice cream stood out if I was made to pick one.
Overall very cool concept, atmosphere and the chef is the man.The owners of this place really love food, and it shows in their entrees, desserts, and appetizers.I am going to preface this review by saying that the amount of money I spend per month on dining experiences is someone's high end car note. Having said that because I do dine at high end restaurants, I expect a particular kind of service. I have never been a waiter, but I do understand that they do work and live off of tips and so I always give 20%. You have to really be crappy for me to reduce your tip and that almost happened last night at Russet.
I absolutely love the fact that this cozy, quaint restaurant is located in a renovated brownstone. What I found a little troubling was that we had reservations for 8:15. We arrived right on time and our table had not been set. As a matter of fact, there were 3 tables just sitting and waiting to be set, so we stood and waited. No big, except there is not a bench available, so we hovered near another table and if I had been dining at that particular table, I would have been very upset because as the night went on, there were groups arriving and congregating near said table. Not cute.
We were seated and a waiter named Lauren opened our bottles. I thought she was our waiter, until 15 minutes later Kris S. showed up at our table. He did not welcome us, offer any specials of the day, just pulled out his pad and pen and wanted to take our orders. After placing our orders he asked if we had any questions and before I could ask a question about the meal, he turned to leave. I was able to get his attention and after answering my question, he promised to bring bread and butter. Every single table that arrived after us received bread and butter, except us. So after 25 minutes, I flagged another waiter down as Kris S. was nowhere to be seen, and equested a manager. Lauren approached and when I explained to her what had happened, she immediately apologized, offered to comp the table a dessert and promptly brought us our bread and butter. We asked Kris S. for extra plates to share food and he said yes. When our food arrived, he did not have the extra plates and then had the nerve to tell me that they were swamped and he would see what he could do. Really?! Because that request had been made 20 minutes prior to other guests arriving, so he should have set the plates aside or produced them earlier. We did receive our plates and the cauliflower steak, potato gnocci, duck breast, herbed tortellini, and beef shoulder was simply divine.
Kris was about to get 15% until I asked Lauren if they tipped shared and she told me yes. Because we wanted to take care of her, we gave 20%. Regardless of the sub par service, the experience was amazing and I so love B.Y.O.B. concepts.I had dinner here with a party of 4.  In each course, three of use were happy with our selection and one was a bit disappointed.  For appetizers, I found the cauliflower sformato rather boring, but the sweet corn tortellini, cucumber gazpacho, and duck salami were all world-class.  For the entree, I was utterly wowed by the bass, which harmonized perfectly with its bed of roasted egg plant and a surprising topping of parmesan-tossed coriander flowers.  The "loser" was the stuffed squash, which, though tasty, didn't stand out in the field.  Two people ordered the pork sausage, which was delicious but rather rustically presented; but I guess there's only so much you can do with an 8-inch sausage, plating-wise.  For dessert, the lemon verbena pana cotta stood out as the winner, startlingly fresh and almost fizzy tasting.  The cheese plate was also excellent.
The atmosphere is nice, although it is a little noisy.  The servers were friendly and helpful.  Portions were generous but not overwhelming.  I think if you ask your server what's good, you'll be sure to have a great meal.  I love the local and seasonal focus of this place, and that it's BYOB.You can tell they put effort and thought into each dish, which I'd expect from a tiny place with a smaller menu. We had the saffron-finn gnocchi in baby octopus ragu, apple ravioli, duck confit, and leg of lamb. Both meat dishes were cooked extremely well and the portions were large. Our favorite was the bright, fresh, delicious apple ravioli. The meal comes with a hefty price tag but is a nice choice for an intimate special occasion. A little upset we didn't have room for dessert...Russet was a restaurant I wanted to try for a very long time. The menu is small with lots of inventive offerings. The dining room was cozy and warm. It's BYOB too which is always good.
My friend and I started with the house cured pitina and toasted farro crespelle. The pitina was topped with some kind of spring mix and a tangelo mostarda. The citrus flavor in the mostarda was overwhelming and didn't mesh well with the pitina. I was wishing it was more mostarda than tangelo (if that makes any sense). The toasted farro crespelle was like a crepe wrapped around pork liver ragu. It had a very rich and buttery flavor. It was probably the best choice we made that night.
For the main course I had the woodlot pork sausage. The sausage was flavored well but very dry. As I cut it, it just fell apart. I was hoping for more fat to bind it together like you would typically expect in sausage. The bed of turnips, onions, and bacon that it sat on top of was absolutely delicious. I found myself mixing the dry bits of sausage with it which made the sausage more palatable. I ended up eating all of the turnip and onion mixture and only one of the pork sausages. My friend had the veal torchon. It looked almost like a dessert when the server brought it out. The veal was baked into this little cake with some mustard on top. I had a taste and it was very dry just like my pork sausage. It tasted like it was pre-baked and then warmed up just before serving.
We skipped dessert. At the end of our meal our server brought us our check which my friend and I split. We decided to sit around and finish our bottle of wine before heading out into the cold. 20 minutes later the server came back and apologized that she had given us the wrong check and that she needed our credit cards again.
Maybe my expectations were a little high because I wanted to eat there for so long but my experience at Russet left a lot to be desired.Russet way more than just potatoes. I'm perplexed by Russet, and you can continue to read to find out why.
Ive dined here on two occasions , once for brunch and once for a not so memorable restaurant week experience. 
Dinner- The service, atmosphere,first courses and dessert were fitting for a restaurant of Russets caliber. The mains left me and my group wanting more. I started with a beet salad and ricotta cheese that was to die for. The semi sweet beets and creamy ricotta worked so well together. My entree was a mis communication on my part. Full Disclosure I dislike salmon a lot , unless its smoked and on a bagel with cream cheese. So when the trout style fish arrived to my table and tasted like salmon i was sad. Our server rectified the situation immediately and offered to let me substitute the vegetarian options. A potato terrine, which was good just a few too many Russets.My other dining companions  all did the pork shoulder and some got more meat that others. I know pork shoulder is on the fattier side but one of the girls literally cut off two pieces of meat and the remaining amount of the shoulder was fat. She decided to not send it back since we had reached our quotas of complaints. Luckily we all shared and no one went too hungry. Dessert made me smile again.
Brunch -
As a group we ordered various things including the Normandy style crepe( bacon on the side) ,croque Monsieur , ginger bread pancakes and the loma platter. Everything was amazingly good and i couldn't have asked for a better experience. Service was up to par and since were a pretty rowdy bunch i was glad our server wasn't a judger.
The gingerbread pancakes came out piping hot with a large dollop of marscapone cheese and a few pear halves. There was syrup but just a tad I usually prefer my pancakes to be less sweet anyway. They were fluffy, and had a great amount of ginger flavor. I would for sure order this dish again.The Normandy style crepe was my favorite of the things i tried. A rich buttery crepe filled with sauted onions, apples and a square of taleggio cheese. All of the flavors worked so well together and it was in the words of Christian L "an explosion in my mouth" It was satisfying both in size and flavor. We wrapped up our meal with the coffee ice cream sundae and 5 spoons.
I think brunch won me back over and I will for sure make Russet another to do list for dinner. The service has always been stellar and they are a BYOB. Check them out for brunch for sure you wont be disappointed.I was really impressed by this delicious little BYOB. Its got a very cozy atmosphere that makes you feel like you're in someone's house (mostly because I believe it was previously a house... ha). 
I felt like I was in an episode of Portlandia, in a very good way. When I asked about one of the dishes, the manager told me "well that's a very special dish for us because the corn comes from  (blank) farms and we then dry it ourselves and grind it in house to make the corn meal".  And when we asked about a meal with duck in it, we got a similar response to where I almost expected to hear the name of the particular duck in question.
It was great to be eating at a restaurant where they were really passionate about their ingredients and where they came from. I won't go into specifics on the meal since their menu changes daily and I'd hate to make you salivate over something you can't get anymore. But I will say, we enjoyed every course. It's not an inexpensive place, but we were there to celebrate and it was a wonderful place to do so.Overall it's a good restaurant. Food is good and it's BYOB. It's cute little antique style of restaurant.I should have reported on this sooner. It's been over a month since I went to Russet. Writing based on partial memory. 
I loved that it's BYOB.  The decor inside is simple but nice. They change their menu every night. I had the striped bass - light but crisp and so delicious. My friend got the scallops - you can't go wrong with scallops. Don't remember what my other friend had. I'm not a fan of ravioli but the squash ravioli appetizer was memorable - small, but delicious. The service was good - she was very attentive.I would give 3.5 stars for Russet. 
I was looking for a new BYOB place to meet up w/ a new friend for the first time. My friend was also new to the area and I wanted to show her how good Philly restaurants can be. I chose to give Russet a try and hoped that they would not disappoint my friend and I. Luckily, the food and atmosphere were classy. The food was fresh, our waitress was polite, service was pretty quick, the interior is romantic as well. The menu is quite pricey but you can tell Russet uses fresh ingredients and make their dish elegant. 
My friend had the braised chicken and I got a cauliflower gratang (I apologize for not knowing the exact names of the dish). The chicken was so tender and melted in my mouth. My gratang was so delish! Even tho it was pretty much cauliflowers in a mash of cheese. It was not salty and the level of cheesiness was just perfect. This vegan dish actually filled me up too so I was pretty amazed at that as well. 
Plus, it's BYOB! 
If Russet wasn't as pricey (avg price range high$20-low$30s) and did not change their menus so often( just b/c I want that cauliflower gratang again hehe) I would go more often. It's a great place to have a classy dinner with friends and families, or on a date for a special occasion. Definitely tryThere are so many great restaurants in this amazing city and for me to return I really need to be impressed. Russet has gone above and beyond to make a lasting impression. I can honestly tell how passionate the Chefs are just by looking at the Menu. With beautiful presentation and QUALITY ingredients which correlates into each bite standing to be better than the last. 
    I do agree with another yelper to the tone of Russet having the best brunch in the city. The Duck terrine panini in my own opinion is the best brunch item in the city. 
   I will never forget my dinner which started off with a  delicious house cured Coppa dish so astounding it still makes me scoff at the others imported by Di Bruno's. My main dish was a perfectly seared pork chop, which I never wanted to finish. With thoughts of calling a psychiatrist to alleviate my depression after I finished and when our server took away the plate my heart was broken. My party moved on with my mind still stuck in the immediate past. Dessert menu's were gracefully dropped off. While reading the dessert menu, the words "Maple ice cream with Bacon brittle" jumped off the page and in this very instant I knew I could love again. This was above and beyond breathtaking.  Bacon brittle, Bacon brittle ohh Bacon brittle. 
   Both times Ive come into Russet nothing was out of place and I've left very pleased not only with the food but the knowledgeable serving staff whom are all friendly. I look forward to my next meal here and am anxiously awaiting the next time I can take someone here who still hasn't been. Thank you again Chef and staff.Great food in an intimate ambience. And it is BYOB!
We were a group of four sharing 2 first courses and 4 mains for each. Only downside was that, being a very hot day, there was no air conditioned on and it got a bit uncomfortable.  Anyway, we will definitely repeat.Some of the best and most fresh food I've had in Philly. Great non-alocholic homemade soda collections. Great meet and produce!Russet was more than accommodating my reservation for a Bachelorette party of 6.  We were seated in a private room with another Bachelorette party, which was a lot of fun.  The food was AMAZING, with options for vegans and carnivores alike.  Service was also great.  Did I mention that it's BYOB?  I can't recommend this place enough! Thanks for making our bride-to-be feel so special!Once again - Beyond expectations - Excellent service with Oscar - Food was incredible.   We have been here many times and never been disappointed. There are not that many restaurants that are as consistent as Russet. 
I have read some negative reviews below and it is hard to believe that is the same place. 
I have to offer an opinion.   I do not think it is fair to judge a restaurant during restaurant week.  They are over crowded and rushed.  It is not a fair to judge during this weekWe went here for brunch and the restaurant was completely empty. It was a little awkward and quiet but the food was pretty good. I would definitely return here for dinner, but this doesn't seem to be a brunch place.Dining at Russet was a truly incredible experience. The decor is understated and simple, the waitress was friendly, knowledgable and attentive, and the ambiance was ideal. Everything we had was exquisite. The freshness of the ingredients really shined through. I highly recommend the fluke for dinner; it was one of the best fish dishes I have ever had at a restaurant. The creamy squash blossom and fried shallots on the dish were dreamy...I could eat that dish every other night and be happy. I had the mascarpone panna cotta for dessert and it was so light and refreshing. My boyfriend got a dark chocolate tart with blackberries and it was absurdly good. I would not think twice about returning here....Russet, you have my vote.So very disappointed in this restaurant.. After seeing that it made Philly Mag's top 50 restaurant, we were excited to try this restaurant for my girlfriend's birthday dinner. But the excitement ended very quickly. 
Love it: ricotta ravioli - I'll give them this much, the ravioli was wonderfully fluffy and was dressed well with pickled red onions.
Leave it: the service!  It was horrendous, get ready for this rant.
After we were offered 3 measly pieces of bread, I asked for more bread and the waiter said she had to check in back to see if they had enough to spare for the rest of the night. She didn't even come back with an answer! Really? you may not have enough bread??
Although the idea of an BYOB is appealing, how about the waiters offer to open the wine? or after opening the wine, offer to pour some for your guests? It took her 30 min to return with champagne flutes. 
As dessert was being brought out, I had to ask the waitress (from across the room) for some coffee. As I asked for my coffee, my other friend had to ask for one too. How about you walk back to the table and ask if anyone would care for some coffee? For those who did not get a cup of coffee, consider yourself lucky - instant at its finest. 
Overall, the atmosphere is sweet and cozy. The bathroom was disgusting and the service even worse. I would not recommend this restaurant to anyone. The 2nd star was only given for the wonderful ravioli appetitzer and apple tart dessert. 
I am officially calling in a formal complaint today. They need to work on their hospitality.Atmosphere: 5/5 Has a quaint, rustic feel which I really liked. Came here with 6 friends close to 9pm on a Thursday night so even though the restaurant is pretty small, it wasn't crowded at all. Would definitely recommend it for a date or something intimate.
Food: 5/5 Ordered the beef leg which was HUGE. I was not expecting the portion to be so large, especially looking at my friends' dishes around me (they all ordered either the Artic char or the bass) which were all considerably smaller. My beef was a bit dry (could've used some sauce or something) but was otherwise good. Also tried my friend's bass which was really delicious - I liked it more than my beef. We also ordered three desserts to share (chocolate budino, coconut tart, and apple feuille cake) - all of them were incredibly yummy. So 5 stars for food!
Service: 5/5 Good, no complaints
Price: 3/5 The only thing I'd give a less than perfect rating on. I thought the portion size could've been bigger given the price of most of the entrees ($27-29).
Overall- would definitely come back / recommend it!So my friend and I went here on Saturday to escape the heat with a tasty meal. We brought probably the biggest bottle of white that existed (based on the recco of the website), sat took a look at the menu and were quite perplexed. Literally EVERYTHING looked tasty. We told this to Danielle (our server who looks/acts exactly like Angela from boy meets world), and she mentioned probably the best/worst words I've ever heard...
..."How about you guys do a tasting menu. Any dietary restrictions?"
We obliged, for the low cost of $55. Danielle put our wine in the fridge in the back, because it was too big for the ice buckets (win!)
Course 1: Goose sausage. Tasty, albeit unremarkable. Slightly gamey but in a good way that I'd expect from goose. Server explains the exact farm it came from, as well as it's parents names. Garnished with chives and a weird but tasty bitter green
Course 2: Ocean Trout  tartare, apparently a Scottish trout! Nice large cut of trout that kept the sweetness from the fish while being cut by a very nice spicy marinade. Garnished with chives.
Course 3: Corn tortellini with white currant a paremsan tuile and corn "brodo." Just call it broth for heaven's sake it's the same thing. Whatever it's name was, it was probably the most delicious thing in the world. I've never seen white currants before, but they look like eyeballs. Tart, delicious, flavorful eyeballs. Garnished with chives (stoppit!)
Course 4 has to be the entree right? they've gotta be running out of food. Nope! Brought us some buckwheat farfale with the most mindblowing pesto I've ever had, and sweet soft/salty ricotta. Honestly the pasta had kind of a weird texture, not sure if it's just because of the buckwheat or it was just undercooked but this was the ONLY thing that was a bit odd through the whole meal. Except you know, for the non stop chives. 
Course 5: (Seriously? 5????) was the first entree. Pan seared scallops with a corn pancake. Dear lord order this. I've never been amazingly blown away by scallops (most people either burn or overcook them) but these things were literally butter. Nice crispy sear on the outside and my fork fell through the middle. Seasoned perfectly - the corn pancake was just as tender and the sweetness paired well with the corn. 
Course 6: Veal leg. Yeah. My date was literally too full for this course so she brought it home and... yeah. Eat this. Oh, and there were chives here too. Pretty sure my Calf's name is George, and he came from a farm about an hour away. 
Course 7  was simply pick your dessert. I grabbed a blueberry tart which was pretty damn phenomenal. I'm not a huge dessert person, but the coulis it came with had a nice sour flavor that contrasted the sweet custard inside the tart. No chives!!!
Honestly, the only weirdness were the garnishes. I don't often agree to a T with LeBan but he was spot on with this. It's few little quirks (stop putting herbs as garnishes, especially the same herb over and over) away from being one of the finest restaurants in the city. 
Atmosphere wise, the place is a little on the loud side, but the tables are well spread out so you won't be eavesdropping on your neighbors. Menu is updated daily on their site (how?!?!) and they have a suggested wine pairing on the menu that's spot on.
SEVEN courses. $55. Dear sweet christmas ask your server if they'll do a tasting menu. Eat here.Terrific new BYOB near Kimmel Center in Center City for foodies! Four of us had dinner last evening.   Everything we ordered was delicious and flavorful!  All the starters were home runs and unusual, including the english pea sformato and cuttlefish ink farfalle.  Two of us had the zucchini raviolis that were so light, they melted in your mouth!  All four of our entrees were extremely well prepared and presented.  It had been hard to choose!  My  fresh fish in parchment with fennel, gold zucchini, and tarragon, released a heavenly herbal aroma as it was placed on the table.  The Lancaster duck, the pork, and the housemade sausage won rave reviews from my friends.  Sharing Kristen's delicious light desserts was the perfect way to end a first visit to Russet.  Highly recommend!  Will be back for more great dining in a great space! I almost forgot to mention what a charming dining room that added to the ambiance!  We loved meeting Andrew the chef/owner and his wife, co-owner and dessert chef extraordinaire!  RESERVATIONS recommended.I made a reservation at Russet to celebrate my MFA graduation, my sister's undergrad graduation and Mother's Day while my family was in town. We were actually the first people to arrive at the restaurant since we had the first reservation slot, but they got our table finished and seated us right away, and the service continued to be outstanding all night. Our waiter had excellent menu suggestions, was friendly, and kept our glasses full. 
The food was great! Between the five of us we almost got everything on the menu (since it rotates everyday based on fresh ingredients from local farms it stays rather small, which is a good thing in my opinion...) and everything was a winner. My grandmother even tried the tuna tartar and liked it, which she usually doesn't. I got the Porgy, which is a small fish, and it was perfectly seasoned and sauced, and served over really wonderful carrots and rainbow chard. My husband was worried about the portions since it is a fancier restaurant than we are used to, but he got the pork chop and it was huge! That being said, the "small plates" are indeed small. We ordered three to split between the five of us and basically each got one portion of each dish. My favorite part of the meal was a goat cheese cheesecake served with fresh strawberries and an oat crisp. It was absolutely amazing. 
The whole family left satisfied and reminiscing about the delicious meal. It's expensive, but worth it for special occasions and celebrations because the food and service are so good!TLDR: Food itself was between 3 and a 4, but due to a gaffes in execution, closer to a 3. 
--------
For New Year's Eve 2014, the GF and I decided to relax and have a late dinner around Rittenhouse. We've been meaning to try Russet and figured that this was the perfect time to try the dishes offered by the husband-wife team of Chef Andrew Wood and Pastry Chef Kristin Wood. Russet's a BYO and one of the few that takes credit cards. And in the spirit of NYE, we decided to bring a bottle of our favorite champagne. 
NYE Menu [$75 pp]
Bread Service
The rustic bread was nice, but served cold - perhaps it's because we had a 10PM reservation. The pat of butter was at room temp, which I appreciated.
Heirloom Squash Turnover
Caramelized onions, pumpkin seed-arugula pesto, black walnut
The GF started off with the squash turnover, which was buttery and delicious. The crisp texture of the turnover and the black walnuts contrasted nicely with the rich caramelized onions and squash. The pumpkin seed-arugula helped to brighten up each bite.
Oyster and Scallop Gratin
Celery, chervil, shallot
I went with the oyster-scallop gratin, which was served on a bed of salt. The mix of shallots, cooked celery, chopped oysters, and scallop was nice - briny and oceanic, with the bread crumbs providing some texture. The chervil helped to add some herbaceousness.
House-Cured Prosciutto
Local quince, grissini, pickled mustard seeds
I appreciate that Chef Wood house-cures his own ham and the prosciutto here was luscious and teeming with the porcine goodness you're looking for. The balance of the local quince and the pickled mustard seeds provided some brightness against the heft of the prosciutto.
Seared Foie Gras [+ $10 supplement]
Blood orange, thyme, buckwheat-meyer lemon madeleine 
The foie gras was prototypically buttery and rich, with the blood orange providing the proper foil. But the real star? The buckwheat meyer lemon madeleines churned out from Chef Kristin Wood. They were buttery, subtly sweet, and had a wonderfully crumbly texture. 
Woodland Jewel Mushroom Raviolo
Ricotta, Loc Tran's egg
The GF and I were looking forward to an oozing egg in the middle of her raviolo, but alas - it was only filled with ricotta, without much seasoning. The pasta itself could have used another minute in the water - more starchy than al dente. The sauce had some depth, but overall, each bite lacked seasoning.
Hand-Rolled Pici with Perigord Black Truffle [+ $18 supplement]
Roasted langoustines, leeks, pistachio, sauce Americaine  
Russet was offering a Perigord black truffle supplement for the pasta dishes so I opted to top off my pici pasta. A generous portion of earthy truffles was provided and though I prefer black truffles to be cooked to release more of that intense aroma, this added some nice depth.
The deliciously, buttery veloute coated the pasta well. However, while the langoustine claw was meaty and well-cooked, there were more than a few pieces of shell found interspersed in the pasta. I normally don't bring much attention to gaffes such as this, but it was so egregious, I did cordially mention it to the server. Alas, either the server didn't understand that I was pointing at about 4 pieces of shell on my bread plate or he couldn't care less ... 
Seared Branzino 
Caramelized parsnips, grilled vidalia onions, kale, parsley jus 
For her main, the GF went with the fish. Online, the offering appeared to be halibut with uni, but for actual dinner service, branzino was on offer sans uni. Regardless, the fish was moist, delicate, and flavorful. The caramelized parsnips and grilled vidalia onions added some texture and sweet, butteriness to each bite.
Slow-Roasted Border Springs Lamb
Floriani corn polenta, romanesco, green coriander, tomato fondue
I don't know if it's because it was 11PM on NYE or it was a NYE menu, but unfortunately my main was a disaster. I was really looking forward to the "slow roasted" lamb, which was incinerated beyond belief. About half of it seemed fried and the meat was not tender at all. The romanesco was bright and the corn polenta cake was decent however. But momma didn't raise a vegetarian - disappointing.
Bittersweet Chocolate Budino
Cranberry compote, cassis cream
Luckily though, pastry chef Kristin Wood salvaged the rest of the meal. The GF ordered the budino based on her infatuation with Chef Turney's salted caramel budino. This iteration was in cake form, with a nicely bittersweet chocolate ganache within. The cranberry compote provided acidity to balance the richness of the cake and the chocolate, with the currant cream providing some lightness.
Mascarpone Panna Cotta
Blood orange, Grand Marnier syrup, oat crisp
My mascarpone panna cotta had the proper jiggle and was light and subtly sweet. The caramelized sugar oat crisp had nice texture and the Grand Marnier syrup wasn't overpowering or cloyingly sweet. The blood orange provided a bright tartness that was an appropriate end to the meaQuaint and lovely. Russet is a BYO (Points! Points!) so you can bring a bottle of wine and enjoy a quiet dinner without the ridiculous markup that you get at regular restaurants. 
What's neat about Russet is that it is locally sourced, organic, and farm-to-table. They have a seasonal menu that they rotate, and though it can be frustrating to know that your favorite dish will be leaving soon (cue single crocodile tear), the prospect of trying new things is also exciting. 
I went for dinner, and I had the lancaster pork chop with creamy polenta and cannellini beans. It was delicious, and they were lovely enough to box it for me when I couldn't finish it. (Yes, it was just as good the next day.)
My date had the aged duck breast, which came with stuffed swiss chard. I'm a huge swiss chard fan, so I approved immensely. Duck is also one of those things that can be hard to do well, and Russet performed admirably. 
I want to return for brunch. The ambiance of Russet is lovely. It's small, cozy, with wooden tables and dim lighting to give the place a rustic, local feel. The seating is a bit close, but all the better to lean in and have a good conversation with your dinner partner.Went here years ago and it was just meh but decided to try it again since it gets well rated. My salad of "winter greens" turned out to be just spring mix and was something I could've thrown together at home. My scallop entree was so salty I woke up in the middle of the night needing water. They were also pale on the outside with a few light gray grill marks and not caramelized at all. Won't bother againGorgeous, ample space - probably one of the most spacious BYOBs in town. Rustic elegant interiors, much like a place called Russet would evoke.  Service present and attentive.  The food - the food was decidedly unexciting and nothing to be wowed over.
The menu was very conservative - five options each for appetizer and main course -  and it changes from week to week, staying true to season and what is available now.
Right away, the menu selections did nothing to peak my interest, though they were seasonal, they were not terribly appealing.
Perhaps it was an off-week, an uninspired menu week  - but a Lancaster Artichoke tortellini was more ricotta than Artichoke, and a roasted guinea hen was more two pieces of roughly cut hen thrown atop a watery slop stew of peppers, squash onion.  A vegetarian mushroom dish was woefully under-seasoned, even the scallops dish, though seared nearly on point, the accompaniments that came with were a bit of hot mess.  Generally underwhelming.  The only high note I did experience was with the hand-rolled garganelli octopus bolognese and chili oil, which was, unfortunately too light on the chili oil.  Desserts did not anything to lift my spirits, though they were pretty to look at.  Even the very interesting Ommegang beer ice cream had to ordered, (beer ice cream, come on!) though, for me, it was very much an acquired taste.
Always willing to give it another go, but for the meantime, for me, this place is just so-so.I dined at Russett on Thursday. Space is nice, though a bit dimly lit. Food selection is not huge. About five apps and five entrees. One of the nice touches are the house made sodas and ice tea.
 I had a cucumber honeydew gazpacho with house made prosciutto, and almonds. Very good. 
My entree was a bit disappointing. Seared Scallops on corn cakes with grilled summer squash and red okra. Was a bit heavier than I would have liked. 
Dessert was a peach financier with home made ice cream that was very good. This place is also not cheap, soup was 10 dollars, and entree 30. I would go back but I was not blown away by the food.Russet is one of my all-time fav restaurants in Philly. The food is always of wonderful quality, prepared with love, and frequently switched-up depending on what's fresh. It's a great place for an intimate dinner between lovers, friends, or family. The only reason I cannot give 5 stars is because of the noise level. It is often hard to hear one another speak- which is surprising since it's such a small space. This cute little BYO defines a classy night of good food and conversation... minus the conversation.I don't usually give 5 star reviews but I thoroughly enjoyed this dinner. 
I went on a night where they were serving a paleo menu and it was amazing.  Such a nice atmosphere. Very small and I would definitely make a reservation. We supplemented the specials with ravioli and their radicchio salad and both were great. I don't believe the special menu items are available all the time but they were fantastic. I tried beef heart for the first time which was pretty cool (for those of you who aren't that adventurous they didn't have other weird things on the menu but beef heart looks like think bacon and tasted amazing). The main menu was a lot of fish and I didn't really see any other meat so I'm not sure I would go back unless the menu switched up (I don't like fish) 
It's also byob which is always a win in my book and there's a store where you can buy cold beer right next door.This really is 2 1/2 stars.  A very attractive space and a byob to give you a break on a wine bill.    A nod to the lovely hostesses as we arrived.  Good service throughout our meal.  I guess I am done with this food concept and four choices for entrees.  One of them being a carrot, yes one carrot, for $22.00 dollars.  No one has to order this but one of our diners did take the plunge.  We were a party of five so there were a variety of 1st course plates and 2nd courses tried.  All were tasty, none outstanding.  The bread basket were like slices of a whole wheat loaf.  Nothing memorable.  Desserts decent, but again no one felt like this was an outstanding dinner.  I was happy to share my one pork chop with the carrot eater.  One carrot as an entree did not cut it.  I'm going back to real meals.I'm sorry to give this place such a low rating when I have heard such good things. THe service was inattentive, and each course I tasted had some major issue. My ravioli was drenched in lemon juice, my entree was drenched in oil and the greens were very bitter, and my dessert was super sweet. I'm not sure if it was an off night, but I do not recommend this place to a foodie. The next night I tried Talula's Garden, also Farm to Table, and it was what Russet should have been.Oh my the lamb... I don't even like lamb..  yeah it is that good! The halibut is AMAZE ZING! The scallops are moist little morsels of heaven. There are so many things. There is a salmon I heard is the best! This place is B.Y.O.B. they also serve lunch on the weekends.Why you so good to me?
Oh Russet, I want to hug you. I was greeted by a sweet smiling hostess. Our server, Danielle was attentive & helpful (along with the rest of the staff. We even saw their cutie pie, Gus, for a split second.) Jeff the MOD even made us smile. We had table smack dab in the middle of dining room and it really was a great size (not too big, not too small, perfectly baby bear!) Simplistic and alluring decor, all in all, a very inviting space (the tables are MAGNIFICENT!)
Our first course choices were:
 Borscht: beef shin & crme frache... the borscht was substantial enough to pick up with a fork. It was DEFINITELY not the cold beet broth stereotypical of poor Communist Russia.
 Potato Gnocchi Gratin: gorgonzola, & shaved black walnut (reminiscent of JAMES' truffled gnocchi gratin which was also insanely wicked... I highly recommend this.)
 Roasted Pom Pom Mushrooms: pink lady apples, local manchego cheese & claytonia: a delightfully unique dish
Entres:
 Crispy Pig's Foot: pinto bean ragu, cabbage & cider reduction. It was savory & sweet and definitely a winner
 Wild Striped Bass: beurre blanc and baby carrots (I believe) My friend could not stop eating to tell us how good it was (I highly recommend this dish. I know some places tweak recipes after a few night, but I really hope this one stays exactly as it is.)
 Capon Leg Confit: baby brussels, squash & German mustard. I kept slicing around what I thought was a bone, but nay, not a bone in sight. The rooster had been striped of it's bones (among other parts) and dressed with absolute scrumptiousness!
Dessert:
 Blood Orange Sorbet: with shortbread that would put the Scottish (& girl scouts) to shame.
 Chocolate Ginger Tart: with whipped cream & cranberries: an unique yet gorgeous combo.
My only gripe is that our water was warm, but that was quickly remedied with some ice. I can't wait to go for brunch.
Everyone Go!
Go now!!
Stop reading my review and get your tushy over there RIGHT NOW!!!I came here for restaurant week last Tuesday. I got the duck rillette for the first course, striped bass for the second course, and shared four of the desserts with my friends. The bass and the desserts were delicious. I especially enjoyed the butterscotch pudding and apple cake. The duck rillette was good. I felt like the mustard it was served with was very overpowering and if you put even the smallest amount onto the duck, all you could taste was mustard. The ambiance in the restaurant is very charming and quaint. Our server was very informative and polite. It is also BYOB which is a definite plus. I cannot speak to the pricing on a normal day since I came for restaurant week.We ate at Russet last night and were not impressed with the food. Overly ambitious and just not that tasty. My husband had some cabbage app that he said had zero flavor. For dinner I had the snapper which turned out to be fish cakes that were mushy and tasteless. My husband had the sausage and literally spit out bones 3 times during our meal. Large, gross bones. We should have complained but we were out with an old friend and just didn't want to make a big deal about it. Both dishes lacked a yummy sauce too. On the plus side the service was great and friendly.Really enjoyed the food at brunch at Russett: well-done eggs and pork, with a really nice chocolate dessert (the current menu on the website for brunch is out-of-date, or I'd list the exact items). The ambience is nice, also, in a lovely old rowhouse.  
The downside was the really terrible, effectively absent service.  We arrived for brunch at 11 and left at 12:30.  Of roughly 14 tables in the dining room, there were never more than 5 occupied including ours -- so this was definitely not a busy day. Nonetheless, coffee cups got empty & never refilled, more than 30 minutes passed between waitress visits, etc. I ate more quickly than my companion, and wanted to order something in addition to my main, but the waitress never showed up. 
You KNOW there's something wrong with the way a restaurant is run when a patron would LIKE to order more food, but can't because they can't get a waiter.
A shame, since the food was so good.
Five stars for the food, one star for the service.We just ate at Russet, unfortunately for us!
We were excited to try this place after reading strong reviews. It's cute enough, although we were seated near a window that had a display of dead flowers a pigs tail (cartelidge showing) and ears...not appetizing. The ravioli appetizer was pretty great but our main courses of the shrimp spaghetti and beef shoulder were extremely disappointing, as was our waitress. The service was very slow and the waitress was aloof. The beef shoulder was wayyy over cooked. The menu displayed online isn't updated regularly so you have no idea what you are in store for food wise until you arrive. 
It was the worst dining experience that we can recall. When I called to let them know moments after leaving (no one bothered to ask us when we were there) they didn't seem to care. 
Maybe it was just an off night all around but we certainly won't be back!Amazing brunch! Pancakes are to die for, don't usually like bacon but loved it here, omelette was like a piece of minimalist art it was so well plated. Perfect service to boot. I was concerned about paying a little more for menu items that didn't seem flashy, just because if locally sourced food, but it was absolutely worth it.I ate here about 10 months ago and again 2 months ago but just joined yelp and had to comment on this GEM. Small place with a cozy, personal atmosphere and BYOB (love it). The food isn't cheap but worth every penny. The first time I visited, we went all out with a cheese plate, two seasonal entrees (pork and fish) and an exquisite goat cheesecake. Best meal I've had in Philly. Recently they were able to accommodate our larger party of 6 and again did not disappoint. You have to try it!I went here for a really lovely birthday dinner with my boyfriend and the ambiance was wonderful.  Super quaint, homey and romantic.  
The food is divine.  Everything is perfectly cooked, seasonal, and local.  The roasted butternut squash soup was AMAZING -- it pretty much tasted like really good bacon.  The salad was a perfectly fine salad, but a salad nonetheless, so I recommend you skip that option.  The chicken entree was so tender and juicy.  The sea bass was exquisite -- cooked to an absolute perfection -- not the slightest bit overcooked.  All the sauces and accompanying vegetables were very complimentary (lots of charred veggies -- e.g., charred romaine, charred leeks...).  We got the chocolate budino for dessert -- it melts away into this luxurious chocolatey goodness the second you bite in.   
There are few menu options, and the menu changes often -- so check out the offerings online to make sure there's something to suit your fancy before trekking over.
Service was a little slow, but still perfectly welcoming and helpful with the menu.
Bonus: BYOB. -- this means you can spend a little extra on delicious noms.
A great place for a special dinner with close company.  I recommend it with pleasure.The atmosphere of this place is quaint and charming. My wife and I loved the ambiance, but the food and service were simply below grade. Our plates were both disappointing and we did not have the attention of our server on a 75% capacity night. I'm rooting for this place to improve, but I'd have to hear a raving review from a friend before reconsidering.Atmosphere: Very cozy inside. Feels like you are dining in someone's house.
Food: It was just good. I was full by the end of the meal but I wasn't entirely satisfied.  I didn't love any one of my dishes but nothing was particularly bad by any means.We arrived for a Friday night reservation that was phoned in the previous Tuesday. The reservation was not found but we were seated. We had no concern about this at all. Near the end of our meal the floor manager approached us to say there was a reservation in my name on the next night and then he essentially exonerated the restaurant or himself of blame for the error, that is blaming us for the mistake. We were never concerned so I'm not sure why he felt compelled to assure us it wasn't the Restaurants fault but ours. We took his manner as a scold of us. We frequently dined at Ernesto's (formerly at this location) in the past and easily recommended it to others. As you know, it only takes a single bad experience to lose customers. The managers unnecessary defensiveness lost these customers, with regret, because otherwise the meal and service were excellentgreat ambiance (good place to catch up with friends.. not too loud, not too quiet). Food was also good. I didnt' think it was 5+ stars, but very decent food. i had their fish (halobut), and it was cooked just right. I thought it could be a bit more flavorful. Otherwise, desserts were awesome and their appetizer (i got their trout), was great.Another RW spot. This restaurant is quaint. The staff was friendly and the manager made sure she walked around in the dining area greeting guest.
The food was good. For an appetizer I had the spinach ravioli. While I am not a ravioli fan, and generally don't eat them, this dish was a pleasant surprise. The pasta was fresh and the cheese & spinach combination, with pancetta, was delicious. My entree was the salmon. The salmon was moist and tender & was served alongside some root vegetables. Dessert was a little disappointing. I tried the ginger cake. The cake was a little bland. 
Overall the experience was good, but there was no wow factors. I would be willing to try this place again, but not rushing to get there.I am a picky eater. I like upscale, non-chain, fresh food and that is what I got at Russet. 
Great place for a date or dinner with friends. BYOB is the best because you can bring what you like. 
I have been here three times since its opening in February and the service is friendly and you can tell that they genuinely like their job and who they work for. 
The dessert is out of this world good. Rey pair flavors I would never think to put together. Cardamom ice cream?  So amazingly good.I wanted to give this BYOB 5 stars for the bursting-with-flavor food.  The escabeche trout was delectable, crispy skin and tender fleshy meat.   Wife loved the vegetable potage.  And the rutabaga in vegetarian "butcher-blood" sauce was spicy and savory and amazing.  
Unfortunately the service was below par through most of the night.  Nobody greeted us for about 10 minutes when we arrived on time for our reservation.  One of the servers told us that a dish was within our dietary restrictions, only to learn later from another server that it contained bacon (thankfully we learned before it was too late).  They couldn't make a small amount of change to pay in cash, and seemed to alternate between ignoring us and then two separate servers who would ask us within 30 seconds whether everything was OK.  I get it, maybe their regular servers called in sick, will definitely give them another chance to show this was just an off-day.I read a great review in the Inquirer so we decided to try this restaurant before attending the orchestra last night.  We thought the portions were small and the selection of courses limited.  They brought out the smallest selection of bread I have ever seen at a restaurant (3 pieces all about the size of 1/4 deck of cards).  I love a good salad as a first course and there were none on the menu.  My husband is not a big eater but asked where we could go for dinner after we ate! Another couple arrived and after a few minutes left before ordering (which is what we considered doing after looking at the limited selections on the menu).
The food was good but I have no desire to return. Even the coffee was just ok :(I came here for Restaurant Week with three friends and immediately fell in love. They're BYOB which is awesome in and of itself, but I was thrilled to find that their menu is locally sourced. For whatever reason my friends and I were worried the portion sizes would be too small--NOPE! Everything was the perfect size--no worries about going hungry here. Everything was delicious; can't wait to come back.I ate here during restaurant week so the menu was limited - purposefully. 
The atmosphere is quaint. The wait staff was excellent.
The first course was a gnocchi dish and it was excellent. The pasta is made fresh and you could definitely tell. Of the three courses, the gnocchi was definitely the best. The trout main course and the apple crostata dessert were pretty good but not fabulous.
The vegetables felt very fresh. Not at all like something you would get at a typical restaurant.This is a fresh farm to table restaurant where the menu changes constantly.  We came and got the prix fixe menu, which was a decent option.  This place gets an added benefit for being a BYO restaurant.  
We got the branzino, rib eye, polenta, salad and two desserts.  My wife loved the polenta and devoured the whole bowl.  I enjoyed the rib eye, although some of the fat wasn't rendered down as much.  
Overall, good meal - Foods a little pricey, but is reasonable once you BYOIf I could give Russet six stars, I would. I went with a bachelorette party of 9 people for a Saturday brunch. The maid of honor worked with the staff in advance to get the menu organized and arrange our visit. She said the staff was very easy to work with, but she did have to sign a contract saying we would show up or there would be a charge. Makes sense, as this is a very small restaurant and they do farm-to-table ordering. Had we not shown up, they definitely would have experienced food waste, so the contract makes sense. 
When we got there, the table was ready and our server was so nice! The first thing he asked was if he could change the pandora station to our liking. He catered to our large group the entire time. Russet is BYOB and they put all of our champagne and wine on ice. They chilled our extra bottles and brought them out as we finished them. 
On our custom menu was a pastry basket (the sour cherry scone was the BEST) and each person got a choice of a zucchini omelet, blueberry pancakes, or a fish dish. We also had sides of bacon, grits, and potatoes. All of the food we got was incredible. Their fresh squeezed OJ and Bloody Mary mix were a highlight. My favorite part of the entire meal was whatever spiced dressing came on the mixed greens ... So flavorful and fresh. 
Pricing was expensive for brunch, but you can certainly see why. We paid about $40 per person including tip. For the customized menu, incredible service, and farm fresh ingredients... Totally worth it!I loved Wood's charcuterie at Fork, and his knowledge of meats definitely carries over here.  Awesome meal.We joined friends for dinner on a Friday night. Overall the restaurant was good. Our server was very knowledgeable of the menu and very efficient.
My one gripe with the food was the lamb- internationally I have always been told that lamb is served medium rare for best taste. I expected the same from such a highly acclaimed Philly restaurant and when I was not offered a temperature request I assumed international norms would kick in. It arrived well done...
Disappointed as I feel it ruined a great meal!Amazing food! So well cooked, prepared and served. Fantastic attentive wait staff. Bizarrely high standard of ingredients considering the overly reasonable price tag. Did I mention it's also BYOB? Great lighting (strange I know but so rare). Excellent prices for standard on offer. Only removing a star as I hate the decor. Book a table this second. You'd be crazy not to.From the moment we entered we knew we were in expert hands. the ambience is perfect- lighting not too bright nor dim, gread sound system not too loud nor soft, greeting courteous and professional not obsequious. but alas the true test is the food. it was spectacular. i started with the potato tarte tatin which i was afraid was a bit of an oxymoron. however, it was sublime- light savory buttery layer of pastry topped with a melange of potato and , yes, a hint of tart apple, topped with fresh microgreens. perfect starter to awaken but not overwhelm the taste buds. my entree was a classic striped bass. the portion size generous but not overwhelming, sitting on a a bed of mashed potatoes and fennel, in a dreamy lemony beurre blanc sauce.  dessert was olive oil cake with dates and rosemary ice cream- not too sweet, just right. the freshness of all the ingredients was top notch and the chef is too talented to resort to using much salt as many lesser ones are so prone to do. i'd be hard pressed to name another restaurant in the entire city which can in any way compare. and no i am not the owner's mother! just another happy random diner.I visited Russet on 2/14/2012, the first day it was open. To start off, everything seemed to flow rather well for being opening night. The staff seemed to have everything under control and food was being served promptly. 
The restaurant is constructed in what used to be a single family brownstone in Rittenhouse Square. The restaurant occupies what used to be the front parlor and dining room. The space is large enough to house a restaurant dining room, but not too large to feel like everyone in the city is dining with you. Since this is an old brownstone, the ceilings on the first floor are very tall (approx. 12-14 feet). With this large space and lack of substantial items on the walls, sound waves form the guests tend to travel longer distances. With a full house, the noise level can seem a little loud. 
Now, the food. For starters, my boyfriend and I had the squash ravioli and home made bigoli. The squash ravioli was served with a brown butter sauce and it was divine. The bigoli was also very good, but my boyfriend thought it had a little too much olive oil. For our main courses, I had the rib eye steak with mashed potato's and leak's. I asked for my steak to be medium and it was cooked perfectly. The potatoes were creamy and the leaks added a nice texture to the dish. My boyfriend had the suckling pig confit. He liked his dish, but wished the chef had added a little extra salt. For dessert, we shared the mille feuille. This tasty desert is made from filo dough, peaches, and a nice cream sauce. It was a nice and fluffy end to a very good meal. The final price for dinner (which also included coffee for dessert) was $96+tax+tip. Not a bad price for a restaurant in Rittenhouse Square.  
In all, the restaurant had a very good opening night with minor improvements (in my opinion) that need to be made. I would recommend this place to my friends.A cozy, comforting gem.  What a delicious meal.
I've heard great things, but I was not prepared for Russet to completely blow me away the way it did.  The space feels like you're in someone's home, but is at the same time very spacious, with tons of room between tables.  Portion sizes were larger than expected, especially in today's "small plate" boom.
We had an absolutely delicious meal, and I'm already excited to go back.
- Chestnut Pappardelle with guinea hen ragu, bacon, and native chestnuts. Whoa.  This was like nothing I've ever had before.  The papardelle is paper-thin, and the combination of flavors from the hen and chestnuts just blew me away.  I wish I was eating it again right now.  Familiar yet entirely new, and perfect for the holiday season.  The chef came out towards the end of the meal and explained that his chestnuts come from 150-year-old American trees which only ripen in December (as opposed to most chestnuts which are from Asia and ripen in the fall). Russet makes their own chestnut flour in-house from these chestnuts.  I'll just repeat that again: they make their own chestnut flour in the kitchen.  That's the kind of attention to detail that makes food like this possible.
- A "salad" of Duck prosciutto, duck liver on toast, a soft boiled egg, a little arugula, and some aged balsamic.  Wow.  This is my kind of salad.  Rich and decadent, with every component serving a wonderful purpose.
- Foie gras on toast with apple mostarda.  It says a lot that this was not my favorite first course.  Foie gras typically doesn't have to fight hard for the number one spot, but this time around it had a real struggle, not because it was bad but because the other appetizers were so interesting and flavorful.  Still great, and that apple mostarda was bangin'
- Second Course: Goose leg confit.  Good god.  Crispy and tender and rich, served on a bed of spaetzle that lit it right up.  Plus very generous portion which I was glad to be sharing.  Another spot-on dish for a cold night.
This place really blew me away.  Fantastic food, fascinating yet familiar flavors, incredible attention to detail, locally sourced everything, excellent service... plus it's BYOB!  It's not the cheapest menu in town, but two can easily split an entree and two appetizers and end up spending $50, which is practically a steal for food this good.Our recent two dinners here we were blown away by the food - everything was just perfect - creative yet not over the top,  fresh and flavorful seasonal ingredients.   Truly some of the best we've had anywhere in recent months ( which includes northern Italy and Paris!).  I've twice had the vegetarian entree, very different from each other but both including an egg so fresh and orange yolked I've only seen similar while staying on a farm.    And of course we love BYOB.  The service here is friendly but sometimes disappears for long stretches.   Come for the food.   The frequently changing menu has only about 5 choices each of appetizer and entree - not the place to come if you like a long list of standards - each dish is very unique.    Surprised it is so easy to get a table here particularly pre theater, right next to Kimmel center etc.This is an excellent restaurant, far better than anything else in Philadelphia in this price range. Dishes are consistently engaging and seasonal, and I have not had any sub-par experience here. Particularly outstanding were the apple mille-feuille and the strawberry ravioli. Let us hope that it does not spiral downhill like so many new Philadelphia restaurants!so far for me this is the best restaurant in philly! delicious and fresh food, affordable prices and BYOB...what else?Jeff and his great wait staff really went above and beyond for us!  The restaurant was open only 4 days and the food and service were smooth as silk.  Great casual spot for imaginative food!This is a wonderful, small, intimate restaurant!  We had the most amazing meal.  The presentation is appealing, original and enticing. The food is fresh and local and the menu changes to ensure freshness.  Dishes are prepared in house with care and with the idea that Russet guests deserve the best!The food at Russet is really spectacular, particularly one of the first courses that I tried -- sausage ravioli. My main course was also great -- steamed halibut. I would give 5 stars, but there were two issues with the place. One was a small issue the other big. 
One small issue, pun intened, was the portions. As others have noted they were quite small, even for a high end restautant. I was particularly wishing they had been a slight bit more generous with the bread (we got one (yummy) slice cut into 4 qarters for 2 people) and with the first course (6 tiny raviolis). 
The real screaming issue (again, pun intended) is the noise level, which reached an almost painful level at times. We were told this was an unusually loud evening, with a large group of somewhat loud women seated in the front of the restaurant. I honestly don't know that they were really that loud and I do think that the complete lack of any surfaces that absorb sound had alot to do with it. Not one stich of carpet, curtains or soft wall coverings in a echoey room with high ceilings made the din almost unbearable. We considered leaving, but stuck it out. At one point we just started texting one another because there was no way to communicate without shouting at the top of our lungs. If they figure a way to fix this problem I would absolutely be back. The staff was really terrific and the food top notch.Disappointed.  Not enough food at a recent special event dinner. It was served family style and I did not get enough to eat.  What I did try was excellent but when using family style serving you need to ensure that there is enough food. The food I did have was great.  The service staff seemed a little bothered by the large party.  Hoping it was just a bad night.On Wednesday we enjoyed a memorable borscht with beef shin and creme fraiche, tesa with mustardo pear and black walnuts, shrimp with tomato fondue, and an outrageous gorgonzola ravioli with sage. The meal was outstanding and even on their second day Russet proves itself to hold a promising future.Russet was delicious. The atmosphere was great, food was tasty and servers/ employees were fantastic! I would highly recommend this restaurant to my friends. It's definitely on the more expensive side but you get what you pay for- very fresh tasting food. Loved it- I'l be back for sure! (Gotta try brunch for sure!)Russet, I am so happy to have found you. You gave me such a delicious dinner last night. I started with your white bean ravioli with stinging nettles and they were so delicious. My friends had your blue cheese sformato...mmm...and salami. I then had your scallops and tried my friend's braised lamb. That would have been enough, dayenu, but then came the salted caramel ice cream. I have had few more delicious tastes on my tongue ever. I can't forget you.Russet is still amazing 6 years later - if anything the technique has improved a bit. It's still quite rustic, the dishes are not subtle, but the environment is homey and wholesome, and the food is delicious and straightforward. And their bread is unbeatable, really. We had pork rillettes, white bean ravioli with bacon and truffle, seared bass, and steak, and everything was really prepared quite well. The noise level is very high at popular times, though - really high enough to bar conversation.I went to Russet with my gf for Valentine's day. It was my second time there. I had a good experience when I went there for the first time, but if my most recent experience is any indication, quality has dropped significantly. 
The Valentine's day menu sounded really good, but execution was lacking. Five dishes were served. I had a scallop tartate, guinea hen galantine, spaghetti alla chitarra, veal leg and a chevre cheesecake. The dessert was by far the best dish - it was very good, in fact. The spaghetti was also satisfying, but the other three dishes were subpar. The meal was certainly not worth the $85 pp it cost us.9/6/12
We have lived in the city for three years and we have yet to find the kind of neighborhood bistro that we thought we would.
First visit to "Russet" this evening.  We were delighted by a very friendly owner, who is from Seattle.  He buys everything from local purveyors, a definite plus. For appetizers we had the Virginia Little Neck Clams with potato gnocchi, confit garlic, parsley and crispy Guanciale (a bacon like meat).  The layering of flavors was wonderful and the Virginia Clams as sweet as can be. My husband had The Sweet Corn Ravioli, corn brodo, parmigian reggiano, thyme. The chef was featured for a magazine highlighting this wonderful dish.
We shared the Seared Sea Scallops, local chanerelles, lima bean ragu and yukon gold potato.  Three scallops that were diver and huge.
Our dessert was an amazing Stark Plum crisp with candied ginger cream. The tartness of the plums offset by the crisp sugary topping. We ended with Decafe cappacino.
This one is a keeper.This place was really, really bad! And I really wanted to like it. Super cute ambiance (a star for that.) 
1) waitress was very rude. They treated us like they were very inconvenienced by our presence 
2) Food was not good : more on this below
3) Portions were very tiny- three raviolis to a plate type deal
Ok, main thing about a restaurant is the food. This tasted worse than when I make a meal gone wrong. We both got the mushroom dish - there were hardly any mushrooms. And it was supposed to be served over polenta, which is normally one of my favorite foods, but this tasted like mushy quaker oats. To make it worse, they put uncooked greens (collard greens?) and VINEGAR on top. I mean, just a really bad flavor combination. 
On the bright side, when the food was so bad we couldn't even take two bites of it, the waitress waived one of the main entrees off our check. We ended up going out for a real birthday dinner to Lolita, which is always a hit!All the family in for the holidays...check. Farm to table restaurant that can accommodate a soy allergy...check. Great bottle of wine...check. Great food to enjoy the wine with...Uh-Oh! 
The service and allergy accommodation was top notch in this small BYOB restaurant but we were less than impressed with the dishes. The rabbit was especially disappointing as there was little meat on the bone. 
For the money, the servings are small. In my mind, calling yourself a farm to table restaurant raises the expectations for creativity and flavor. Russet will need step up their food game to lure me back.Went to Russet during their first weekend for brunch.  The servers were very knowledgeable of the dishes and were very enthusiastic.  One dish in particular was a scallop and shrimp.  I have to say that it was probably the best scallop I have ever had in my life.  It had just the right amount of tension but melted in  your mouth.The atmosphere and service was warm and friendly. The food was good, but not great. We shared starters of pappardelle with mushrooms and a cheese plate. These, plus the warm bread, offered a nice start to the meal. Our entrees, however, were not quite as good. I had the vegetarian option (polenta, cauliflower with romancesco sauce), 2 friends had the duck and were underwhelmed, one had pork, which he loved and the last person in our party had salmon, which she liked. Desserts were 1 for 2...the pumpkin parfait was a hit, the budino...not so much. All in all, it was $45/person. BYOB is always nice, too. The place has much potential, but in the competitive Philly market, more consistency is key.Others have written long reviews discussing their meals.  I'll keep it simple.  This place is a week old and is instantly one of the city's best--think Fork, Sbraga, Farm and Fisherman as places doing comparable work with comparable quality.  Like Farm and Fisherman it's a BYOB.  It may not be the best of this bunch, but it may be the best value, and did I mention that they've only been open a week.  The location is the old Ernesto's on Spruce--this is my neighborhood and I won't be missing the predecessor.  A word about the few negative comments in the reviews: lighten up.  You're not Craig LeBan trying to figure out whether to give Four Bells.  These folks are charming, managing the crowd that comes with an instant hit, and serving genuinely creative food for a reasonable price in a comfortable room.  And did I mention ... oh yeah.The only good thing that we consumed here was the wine...which we brought because it is a BYO. The food was definitely sub-par, particularly compared to other BYO's just a few blocks away. The ambiance is decent and the service was good, but that did not make up for the meal.Had dinner there with friends, before a play.  The food was delicious; we all had an appetizer and a main course.  I had the sformato appetizer which was light and fresh, and a fish main course which I enjoyed.  Others in our party tried the gnocchi appetizer and braised beef main course.  Everyone enjoyed their meal!I seriously dropped the ball on making reservations for Restaurant Week. By the time I got around to it, one of the only places available for a Friday night reservation was Russet. After seeing the 4 stars on Yelp, I thought it was a pretty solid compromise and went ahead and booked a seating for me and the hubs. 
Overall, the meal was good although nothing really stood out. It was a $35 three course meal and we opted for an additional $13 cheese plate. Everything we ordered though was super tiny. I hate spending so much on a meal and then know I am going to have to order a pizza when I leave. 
The menu changes weekly so it makes no sense for me to recommend any particular dishes. Although, even if I could recommend something, I don't even know what I would say. Once again everything was just...fine. Nothing to write home about.
Service was good although not overly attentive. It may be that we didn't get the most stellar dishes because we were there for Restaurant Week....oh well. 
Remember it's BYOB so bring a nice bottle of your favorite wine and enjoy your company in a intimate and cozy atmosphere just have a snack before hand and don't expect to be blown away by anything you have.Extremely Disappointing
The food was unremarkable, the staff was not solicitous, or even friendly for that matter, perhaps because we were a big party and they knew that a 20% tip would be included.  We started with the lamb confit, which was tasteless. We also had the spaghetti appetizer, which combined odd flavors and was a largely a pile of mashed sweet potatoes, cranberry, horseradish and brussel sprouts, with a few al dente spaghetti noodles on top. We also had the semolina gnocchi that was a pile of mush covered in cheese. We saw the table next to us sending back their gnocchi and we wished that we had done the same, but nobody ever reappeared or asked anything after our food was delivered. The vegetables accompanying our fish were barely cooked, but the actual piece of sea bass was decent. Based on the other reviews here, maybe something was wrong in the kitchen?  We did not consider having dessert given how mediocre the other food was. This meal was expensive and we left hungry, disappointed and totally unsatisfied.Went to Russet on a Thursday night and we were sat right away. It's a BYOB, so make sure you bring your alcoholic beverage of choice... If that's your preference. The table next to us didn't realize Ruesset is BYO and ran out to a store that seemed to be close enough because they returned within 20 minutes. 
For starters, Roasted eggplant ravioli with pine nuts, cherry tomatoes, and herb salad. Smaller portion. All of the ingredients were fresh and I love the idea that the owners of Russet personally know all the farmers they do business with. Farm to table dining. For my main entree, happy valley lamb leg and for my Mom, Tuscan style Pork sausage. Delicious. For dessert, we had the cheesecake. It was very light and not too creamy, which is different from your traditional cheesecake but again, the concept of locally sourced/organically grown ingredients with an emphasis on everything being fresh, it made sense that the cheesecake had its own unique homemade taste. It's a very small menu and Russet offers food options that are in season. There were fish options when we were there (August), for example red snapper and trout. There was also an eggplant dish for vegetarians. We would definitely go back. It seems to be a great spot for groups or a romantic date night.Having dined at Ernesto's many times before going to the orchestra at the Kimmel Center, I was happy to know that a new restaurant had opened nearby. Despite the convenient location, the comparison between that restaurant and Russet was as different as night is to day.
To get an idea of the menu, I had taken time to look at the Russet website before going. I learned that one of the main courses for the evening was scallops. The presentation of the dish was very attractive, but there were two (2) scallops on the plate in the photo. When we arrived to the restaurant, I asked the server if the picture I had seen represented accurately the number of scallops I could expect. I was told that there could possibly be three (3) scallops, depending on the size of them.
For my first course, I chose a beet and pear salad. The beets were *very* salty, and there was *one* sliver of a piece of pear. My partner had ravioli stuffed with gorgonzola. Both appetizers were beautifully presented; however, the portions were very small. The ravolli were the size of a .25 cent coin. There were probably 6 - 8 of them. A golf ball cut in half would accurately describe the size of each salty beet - a total of 3 golf-ball size beets (cut into two).
Since the scallop main course would not have been enough food for me, I chose the striped sea bass served with mashed potatoes, and this dish was good - not excellent, albeit insufficient. My partner chose the pork shank, served with red beans. I tasted it and found it to be insipid.
I am used to dining at fine restaurants in Philadelphia, and I have no qualm about the price for fine dining in a beautiful atmosphere when the quality and quantity of the food are equivalent - or at least near equivalent to the price. I found, however, that neither the quantity nor the quality of taste justified the cost of the meal.
Our server was pleasant. The wall decor was unimpressive. To recreate the atmosphere of a country inn, the white tablecloth at Ernesto's was replaced by a bare table.
Our overall impression did not whet the appetite for dessert or coffee. We asked for the check, and left,  promising never to return.This is a very rustic, farm to table restaurant and their menu changes quite often depending on what's available. It's also BYOB. The atmosphere is lovely and romantic in there and the servers were generally attentive and nice. The food though is a hit or miss. We ordered a cornmeal appetizer to start and it was supposed to have something like bacon in it but when we got it we only found one piece of the bacon. Otherwise, excellent flavor though. My boyfriend got the lamb and while the presentation was excellent, the lamb wasn't seasoned enough and was rather bland. I got the veal and at first, it was absolutely fantastic. Got a great smoky, BBQ flavor and presentation was amazing. But I quickly found out that the cut of the meat was mostly fat and it got really heavy really quick. The dessert was my favorite though. It was chocolate crmeux with candied tangerine, crme frache, cranberries and cocoa nibs and omg amazing first bite to last. Overall not bad, but they need more consistency with flavors.Wow
Let me begin
Horrible , indifferent service
Party of 4
2 served 14' early
Got my veal and was like shoe leather
Sent back
Got attitude
Wtf
Never again
Food sucks
Give it 2 months
Won't be back
EverYes we liked Russet.  Very nice atmosphere, nice people and happy with the meal, the fluke was quite good.  We're just not fans of being served by a guy with piece of metal stuck through his nose.  Turns our appetite off, better employment for people inked up and body pierced than waiting on patrons at a so called "fine" dining establishment.I wasn't expecting it but somehow Russet has managed to take the spot for my favorite restaurant in Philly (Sorry Zahav). I came here with a friend (who is vegetarian) and a bottle of wine. It's a very cosy place and great for a date or small group. 
Since Russet is a farm-to-table restaurant, they have a very limited menu. We didn't see too many vegetarian options on the menu so we asked the waiter for recommendations. He told us that a bunch of the menu options could be made vegetarian and gave us some excellent suggestions. We started off with a pappardelle appetizer and worked our way through some delicious mushroom risotto and sweet potato agnolotti. I can't say enough nice things about the agnolotti. It was so flavorful and well-thought out. 
For dessert, we just asked the waiter to bring out whatever he thought was best (since he had been so on-point thus far). Whatever he got us (I think it was cider roasted apple millefeuille and the port-poached bosc pear tart), was unbelievably delicious. 
Overall, the service here was amazing, the food was scrumptious, and the ambiance was perfect. I can't wait to go back here!