If you're looking for a good variety of pizza, this is the place to go. If you're looking for new and different kinds of pizza (Reuben pizza - for example), this is the place to go. If you're looking for delicious pizza, this is the place to go. So what are you waiting for?!Nothing special. Save your money. 
We ordered the plain red whole pie and were very disappointed. 
Tastes like a $5 rusty pie. 
Dough was tough to chew, sauce and cheese were flavorless, VERY salty/sour.Yummy, yummy and MORE YUMMY!!! They have interesting unique flavored pizza's and tasty crust. I always like whatever ive tried.Holy Hangover Heaven. 
Don't you hate when you had a bit too much to drink the night before? You know, those days when you just can't seem to separate your ass from the couch? 
If you are having one of those days, I have some grand advice. Get yourself a pizza, any pizza from Rustica. Today, I was hurtin', hurtin' kinda bad y'all. All I wanted was a vitamin water, and something hearty to eat. 
Red pie with pepperoni and garlic, Om nom nom. It was quite fast delivery, and it was only 20 bucks for a large, hangover dismissing  pizza. I, well, I think I love you a little bit Rustica.Their pizza is fantastic, what they specialize in. But there are a few things elsewhere on the menu that keep bringing us back. The buffalo chicken cheesesteak is made with big, all white chunks of real chicken breast, not slabbed steak-meat. And the fries are shoestring! 
Went in for takeout a few times - each time the cooks/servers get together the delivery orders and waited to start our steaks while we sat their. They must've done 6-7 steaks that day in bags till the delivery person came back while we waited 45 for two sandwiches and two orders of fries. Just get delivery.Oh my.  Honestly some of the best pizza I've ever had.  It didn't hurt that the slices we selected had just come fresh out of the oven.  I tried the spinach and broccoli with sun-dried tomatoes as well as a barbecue chicken with onions.  Both were filled to the brim with flavor with just the right amount of crispiness to the crust.  Plus the service was friendly.  Fantastico!  Came to about $8 for 3 specialty slices.You wont find a better place in Northern Liberties! The staff is awesome, the food is really good. My favorite things are a plain slice ( to me you can tell a lot about a places pies with a plain slice) and the chicken cheesesteak!  There has to be AT LEAST 2 full chicken breasts on the thing, yea breasts not frozen chicken steaks. The rolls are nice hard rolls with sesame seeds. I can't say enough about the place. I live an hour and a half outside Philly but I am always in town for work. Rustica is a great choice when having a pizza craving.This review is for the chicken parm sandwich. The bread is burnt, the sandwich is dry, and the chicken is very thin. Very disappointing.Great pizza! A bit pricey though. In this area is recommend pizzeria beddia for a bit more if you really want artisan pizza.5 Stars all day everyday.  Philadelphia magazine got it right, definitely the best pizza in Philly.  Prices are reasonable as well.I've been eating pizza here for the past 7 years or so.. best pizza in the city! They have delicious classic pies as well as some really creative combinations as well. I've never tasted a meal here that was anything but MMMMMMMM-worthy.Really good pizza! The atmosphere was great as well as the service. Not a lot of sitting space but the small pizzeria had charm and and character. They have card limit so be sure to have cash if you are only going in for a few slices!Simply delicious. Must try. The flavours of the chicken buffalo cheesesteak were just incredible. I'm visiting from California and this pace did not disappointOverpriced when buying a whole pie, but a good pizza. I think their by the slice prices are more reasonable relative to other pizza joints. Excellent for grabbing a bite when drinking in Noli.This is spot to go if you want a fancy pizza toppings. I love their Pico De Gallo pizza during a hot summer day. It is a fresh baked crust covered with authentic spicy pico de gallo and topped with fresh avocado. Absolutely refreshing and delicious. Now I am hungry. I also love their Federico which is their white pir with salsa verde pulled chicken mozzarella and topped with fresh cilantro. 
My husband the meat lover...just get them to make a small and top it with all the meat toppings there have and also mushroom for healthiness. You can also go to Rustica and get slices from their pies of day. Their wings is delicious as well.Came in for a slice of pizza and was thoroughly impressed. Quick service to get a hot slice and the pizza was quality.  
Pesto pizza topped with tomatoes was really good. 
Definitely will return for another slice.Wheat Crust, yummm!!!!
On a lazy night, I make the order for Rustica. I can't help it!
Thank you for the amazing service and prompt delivery.Best pizza ever.  I enjoyed every bite.  I wish you delivered to California.  I'd have pizza every day.  Yummie!I'm not joking! This place has the greatest Pizzas EVER! 
I used to live in NoLibs about a block away from here and I swear these guys make awesome pizzas. 
Service is great the place is clean and they always play good music there. 
Everyone, please try there Federico pizza slices. Dear God, it's like Jesus kissing your insides! It's sooo F ing good!Quick mid-afternoon lunch on a Friday.  Not busy at all, pizza was great!  Nice thin crust and all kinds of toppings available.  I had a sicilian pepperoni and slice of sausage with broccoli rabe.  Complemented it with a natural cane sugar soda from the fridge.  $8, and they take LevelUp!
I'm told this place is CROWDED on the late night weekends from the teetotalers from Standard Tap.There tripping there food use to be good a few years back but now they got popular  and they are way more inconsistant . They only care about the money .  The last time i got the David it was a shame i wish i had a camera to take a photo and upload it . what crap it was . I was a big fan but not anymore .I'm big on down-to-earth pizza.  Good dough, good sauce, good cheese.  I'm not unwilling to try something fancy, and I think this place has a good thing going.  I frequent the place often enough, having lived in the neighborhood for about 3 years; but usually only when i've got friends over and it's their obvious choice due to the notoriety that Rustica has.
Speaking for myself, I really am not a huge fan of the fundamentals in their pies.  DOUGH - The dough is "meh" tasting, but extremely thin, and takes a bit away from the experience.  
SAUCE - I won't knock the sauce at all; it's not my favorite, but there's nothing really against it.  
CHEESE - The cheese is decent tasting, but I've always been dissapointed with its consistency, a bit clumpy; I've never been able to take a good bite of a slice and come away from it with that alluring few strands of cheese stringing out.. it's usually a crumpled mess that flops off the rest of the pizza (at least, this is my experience when getting my own whole plain pie, the individual slices and topping consistencies may be a different story).
It's a nice establishment with good service, but for the high prices and pure focus on pizza (well, they do do sandwhiches, but this place is definitely about the pizza), I'd hope for something a little more satisfying.
That said, it's still my go-to for party nights with friends wanting something more than the orthodox cheap plain pie.Walked in and got two slices. Pepperoni  and a sausage mozzarella and tomato. Super nice guy explained the pizzas and heated them to a perfect temperature and served them right up. Perfect crispy crust. Can't wait to try more.This pizza rules. Love the spinach and tomato. Little pricey but everything in Northern Liberties is pricey.Rustica is Sahweeet! The pizza here is amazing. Great thin crust, perfectly cooked. And the topping combinations are out of this world!
I foolishly ate outside the other day and it was windy. My pizza blew away and they gave me a new slice! Yay Rustica!Rustica is my fave pizza supply in the city.  They'll deliver just about anywhere though it may take a while since they're popular as heck (wonder why?).  
Wasnt crazy about the eggplant topping and I think it's because they deep fry it.  The roasted garlic, though, is super great.  Heck, their tomato pie is simple joy in red.  My recommendation though is to just stop in and pick the slice you find most sexy because they look so great when they put together all the fun toppings you'd never consider all'a carte.  
Word to the wise: there's some place near the ICA in Ucity that is called rustica.  When I saw this, my heart sped up a bit and an increaseed involuntary salivation made me consciously remember to swallow more.  But to be sure, I called up Rustica (that's right, I've got em on speed dial on my cell) and they informed me that this location along with a few others are indeed knock-offs.  The Northern Liberties location is THE location for great pizza.  
Needless to say, my heart slowed back down to the near coma rate with disappointment and my mouth dried up... sighTwo of the worst cheesesteaks and pizzas I have ever had. They put a cheesesteak on a wheat seeded roll. Needless to say it was horrible. 
The pepperoni pizza I got had no flavor whatsoever and tasted more like the pizza I would get at 3am after a night of drinking.
I am embarrassed to have this place making food in Philadelphia, especially if someone from out of town accidentally stopped in.A solid 5 stars.  Rustica has a better selection of slices than either Gianfranco or Soho, and their hot, hot oven gives a crispier crust than anywhere I've been in Philly.  The atmosphere inside, as well, is classier (although I love the atmosphere at Gianfranco, it's a bit gruff).  
Anyway, since I found Rustica I've been going there on a daily basis.  I love it.Good stuff, not mind blowing; but a great selection of slices.this place was nice.  small little restaurant - somewhat far for the temple folk, but it was well worth it.  the pizza was good!One of my favorite pizza places in the city. If you are looking for an exotic slice of pizza and a Jones soda you'll find it at Rustica. I have literally ridden my bike from all corners of this city to No Libs just to eat a slice of their pizza. 
Also if you don't like pizza, because something happened to you as a child to make you not think straight, you can always get a pressed sandwich. Which are awesome. Get the P&P. It will make you real happy.For toppings so sassy, sauce so tasty, and prices so pricey, why oh why are these crusts so awful?
I really, really want to like Rustica. The staff is awesome, the No Libs location is great, and it's a cozy little place. But I can't get past the awful frozen pizza texture crust. Not thin enough to have a real crunch or gluteny rip, yet not soft or moist enough to count as any other style. Stale from the get-go.
At least they're consistent. Always perfectly circular, always in a box, always delivered piping hot by a cute bearded hipster guy... and always a little disappointing.This pizza is bomb and it's quick and easy.  All the guys are super helpful in giving you exactly what you want. The pizza selection is on point with plenty to choose from.The pizza here is awesome. It has a nice crispy crust and there is a good choice of gourmet pizzas. The only drawback is that it is a tiny place, so be expected to take your pizza to go.Been twice. Buffalo chicken and also Pepperoni pizzas, both fully greasy and fully excellent. 19 bucks for a large Pepperoni is a damn good deal also. Kind of small on the inside and can get a bit crowded for lunch. Offers slices and each time I've been there has been plenty of selection. If you are looking for a NY style slice in No Libs (or really anywhere in Philadelphia), look no further than this place.I should compile a list of pizza places I miss. This would be on my top 5 for sure. I used to live two blocks from Rustica, now I'm about 3000 miles and have serious good pizza withdrawal. This place has an incredible thin crust,  and the toppings and sauce trump anything out here by a long shot.  And though I used to think it was expensive, compared to what I pay for mediocre slices out here, it's actually cheap. If you're in Northern Libs Definitely  hit Rustica up.I don't get it.  Maybe the hype ruined another place.  Usually, I walk in and see pieces of pizza that look like they've been there since yesterday morning.  I still buy one and it's just kind of "meh."  
Maybe it's better fresh.  DunnoHad my first tastes of Rustica today.
I was in only a little bit after noon and I think they had just opened the doors. With many different toppings and varieties tempting my eyes, I chose:
-slice of seasoned chicken with tomatoes
-slice of cheese
The appearance and aroma immediately pointed to what I later decided was Rustica's greatest strength: high quality fresh ingredients. In my first bite of the chicken/tomato slice, juice from the tomato squirted right out onto the table outside. The chicken was tender and perfectly seasoned. The slice altogether was sturdy and held the toppings safely, but wasn't cardboard stiff. I am usually a fan of thicker crusts, but Rustica's thinner flat crust was still chewy - so, no problem. The cheese slice was also satisfactory. Much more sauce than I'm accustomed to after living in West Chester for 6 years (Riggtown Oven always skimped on the sauce), but it wasn't overly sweet. Tasted like it was made fresh this morning.
The service was quick and price was fair.
The only downfall in my experience was that the gentleman behind the counter did not warm up my slices for me. So, instead of going from hot to warm while I ate, they went from lukewarm to cool. The pizzas had probably come out of the oven very recently, but having sat out on display for a bit, they were definitely not hot anymore. Could I have asked to have them warmed up after first bite? Sure. Should the guy have done it by default or at least asked in the first place? I believe so.
Definitely worth the $ and walk, I look forward to trying other varieties.I've been in pursuit of the ultimate pizza since moving back to Phila. from San Francisco.  Rustica is another massive miss in that quest.  I get that the many styles of pizza allow for an exponential number of pizza preferences and opinions.  But I am truly amazed that this place gets such good reviews.  Cardboard, is the texture and flavor that come to mind after biting into this $18.00 lg. pepperoni pizza.  Bland crust with no character, and it is hard to do this, but the pepperoni's were pretty weak on the flavor front as well.  I could give the cheese 3 stars as it had a nice bite to it but do you give the tuba player a standing ovation because she was the best musician in the symphony of mediocrity?  I think not.  So on I look.......Gourmet pizza, exquisite fresh product on top of each slice. Good place for sure!Ordered a large pie last night and loved it! 
half pepperoni, half federico.
Pepperoni was amazing, perfectly hot and cheesy with lots of pepperoni
But the federico was eh. There was a lot of shredded chicken, not enough flavors though. It needed a lot more sauce, either salsa verde or maybe it needed some type of creamy sauce because the chicken really dried the pizza out, it felt like i was eating just shredded chicken and dough.
But all in all, service was quick and pizza was good! I need to try different toppings next timeRustica serves up an excellent pie with really flavorful ingredients, but at a fairly hefty price. Their dough has density and depth of flavor, a long-fermented dough that stands up well to toppings. Their sauce is barely that: almost purely tomatoes with a bit of salt. Fruity and fresh-tasting. Their toppings are almost uniformly excellent: I would recommend the broccoli rabe. It's delicious and garlicky and goes well with everything. 
Online ordering is certainly a plus, but that price, man, that price is a killer: $20 for a large pie with two toppings is a lot to ask. Every once in a while, though, it's worth it.I don't know what it is about this pizza but I'm literally obsessed.  It might be the sauce or the cheese, but as far as pizza goes this place is it.  You hear so many people talk about the best places for pizza in the city, but in the back of my mind I always know my spot.  The staff is also very quickly moving and pretty nice.Let me summarize: I think Rustica pizza is fanTASTIC.  I'm not typically a fan of deeper, thick pizzas and am more of a fan of big thin slices (think Lorenzo's style) so my opinion may be biased here.  I had always liked stopping in and grabbing either a plain cheese or mushroom slice if I was in the area and was hungry.  I was not sure if I was alone in my opinion on their pizzas since I'd had others disagree with me.  My feelings on Rustica were validated recently, though, when I convinced my coworkers to choose Rustica when they wanted to order in a few pizzas for lunch. They had never heard of Rustica before and were skeptical but were absolutely raving about it once it arrived.  We ordered a plain cheese, an Old Smokey minus the meat, a meatball pizza, and a pepperoni pizza. People from our department were stopping by to see what smelled so good, coworkers were telling them it's incredibly good, people who sampled what was left were writing down the address and number so they could get it for themselves later, and I even overheard one calling his wife to tell her he "now knows where to find the best pizza on Earth".  The meatless Old Smokey went over especially well and was the first to disappear. Everyone who tried a slice said it was a perfect.  Rustica's sauce is not too sweet and actually adds flavor.  The cheese isn't overloaded and greasy.  The crust is thin and crispy.  There is just nothing bad I can say about Rustica pizza at this time and it seems like all of my coworkers now agree.I actually consider myself a connoisseur of the Italian pie and would rather eat pizza than almost anything else- if it's good. Rustica is good, really good.
We ordered a fresh pie with minimal toppings on our most recent visit there in order to formulate a baseline but the baseline at Rustica blows away most other pizza joints' best offerings. While we sat debating what made this pizza so awesome- the sauce, the crust or the cheese- we agreed it was a combination of all ingredients perfectly cooked in a brick oven.
We also split up a cheese steak which was one of the best in the city- no lie! 
Even better, the prices are right at Rustica!Mmmm pizza. I've eaten here a few times and it's always been great. They do a lot of different veggie and seasonal pizzas as well as the traditional ones. Probably the best pizza I've had in the NoLibs area. 
They also deliver!!! Be prepared to have a very nice super hipster dude come to your door with a box of awesome. 
The downsides: not a lot of seating at the restaurant, they're a little pricey, the delivery is slow. But it's worth it to have some super awesome not-greasy fresh pizza.After trying 5 or 6 pizza places in Philadelphia I have hated, we tried Rustica and really like it.  Not quite as good as pizza I have had in Brooklyn, Boston, or Adriatico's in Cincinnati, but pretty damned good.
The arugula salad is bomb ass.Had a pulled pork slice and a spinach with plum tomato slice. Both delicious in their own ways! The pulled pork had cole slaw on top of it that added a nice vinegary kick. Definitely would come back again!This place is my favorite Pizza Joint in city hands down. Lucky for me its walking distance from my pad. They have so many different varieties to choose from. I've never had a bad slice. My roomate always raves about the crawdad pie they make, but I have yet to try. Everything here is so amazingly delicious its a wonder why I don't frequent this place more often.I wanted to try a new pie last night, because I'm beginning to tire of my neighborhood pizzeria. I think I OD'ed on their pies. So I suggested we try Rustica, based upon the glowing Yelp reviews. We ordered one large pie - half plain, half shrooms. The half plain was delicious. The crust was thin enough and crispy, and the cheese had a nice flavor. The sauce was also good and had presence - a CRUCIAL element. But the half that had boomers on it was, sadly, sick. Maybe the slice I ate had gotten a little cold, but the shrooms were soft and flavorless and just gross. My boyfriend, who elected to get half shrooms, didn't like it either. 
Too bad for him, I claimed the plain side as my own. Tough nuts. The plain side was tasty, in my opinion, but he wasn't that blown away. I'll probably order a big plain pie from here again, sans shrooms, and it'll be great. Three stars, for now.Quality is everything and rustica hit it. I am going to a lot of pizza places in Philadelphia to see who is the best and this pizza is up there. I get the plain nothing crazy. Crust was crispy with a little flop, sauce with great taste and good cheese. You could tell it was fresh. I will be back.I search for Neapolitan pizza in Philly.  Tis place gets great reviews so I drove 20 minutes each way ( the wont deliver to the airport area ).  I hate to say that I was very disappointed, I've had Lombardi's in NYC and Pizzeria Bianco in Phoenix, those are good Neapolitan pizza, this is not.  Sorry!  People that eat this often and love it just don't know pizza. I'd try something else.  People are nice and the places is cool so it didn't get 1 star.  Side note, if in NYC or Phoenix you have to try those places.This is the best pizza joint ever.  As any pizza lover knows, it is all in the crust.  Perfectly crisp, and yes, Ill say it , rustic.  This is not just your flour and water crust.  But the sauce is just as important, no?  Not too sweet, fresh tasting.  
The toppings are so creative.  Truffle oil.  Yes.  It's true.  With philly style steak.  I need not say more.  
Whether you're a puritan and a plain slice is your choice, or you like to walk on the fun side of the pizza pie, Rustica is for you.
Really, try the truffled pizza.  Heaven.Was feeling fancy last night and ordered what may be the best pizza topping combo my mouth has ever known.  Got the white pie with Porcini Mushrooms and Rosemary; added truffled steak and roasted garlic.  Heaven on my plate.  Now...that pie wasn't cheap, which is the only drawback.  I actually didn't add up the cost because I didn't want to know.  It wasn't outrageous or anything, but I expect to pay more for my pizza when they have toppings like that.  We typically get delivery and they take around 30-45 minutes (typical).  I've eaten-in and had a good experience as well.Have tasted lots of different slices, they're all delicious and a good price.This place has absolutely the best pizza in the area, and is easily in the top 5 in the whole Philadelphia area.  I highly recommend their pizza.  You gotta try their Quattro Gusti.  :-)  They make amazing specialty sandwiches too.  I love their Holy Mary paninni sandwich.  Their eggplant parm on the other hand - not so good.  If it weren't for the one time a year ago when their eggplant parm tasted like it was a two day old re-reheat, I would be giving them 5 stars.
They're a bit pricey for a pizza shop, but they are no ordinary pizza shop.  It's worth it!This is pretty good pizza. I like to measure a pizza joints quality by how their plain slices taste. Is it logical? maybe. But their plain slice was prettty solid. Not the best thing Ive ever had in my life but fairly cheap and the service was fast. I also had one of their chicken and tomatoes white slice and that was pretty good too. All in all a solid pizza place that you won't regret.You can't go wrong with delivery or pickup here. All the specialty toppings make this place stand out in the neighborhood. Although wait times are sometimes long and prices are a little steeper I have never been disappointed with the pizza.For pizza slices ranging from $3-4, they are amazing! It's never greasy, the slices are large and thin, and they have a variety of good combo. I enjoy plain mushroom pizza, my bf has throughly enjoy the mash potato and brisket one. Only thing is certain pizzas contains a large amount of onions that you can't see, so always ask!I'm originally from New York (you can stop reading now if you want) so it was tough for me to find a pizza in Philly that I truly enjoyed. While many places around the city are doing their best to pump out the same mediocre slice, Rustica has its own agenda. Known for their 'unusual slices', I had to try a topping combo that I've never had. The bacon and red peppers were a match made in heaven, not to mention the best thin crust I've had since living here. Anyway, I'll spare you at this point and leave you with this: unusual topping combo or not, if you're looking for a great slice of pizza in Philly, Rustica is the place to go. Also, did I mention how inexpensive it is? Take your lady friend out with ten dollars in your pocket and expect to come home with some change.I love to stop in for a slice at Rustica whenever I'm down on Second Street. This place has some of THE best pizza in the city. Crust is perfect, sauce is so good, and the cheese is jusssst right. They have so many varieties that its impossible to get bored. The pies can be a little pricey, but its definitely worth it. The slices are reasonably priced and the atmosphere is relaxing. Check it out.This place was perfect for my first bite of pizza after a long 40 days of lenten sacrifice. The service was prompt, the selection of slices were great and the thin crispy crust was perfect. I will be sure to grab some slices here in the future.right around the corner from me which rules....the pulled chicken it a bit dry for my taste- i get extra cheese and sauce to make up for it....what i enjoy here is their specialty pies- there are a ton to choose from w/ alot of toppings u would not expect on a pizza.....their barbacue chicken ranks high on my list but hands down old smokey is one of the best speciality pizza's in the world: w/ pancetta and smoked mozzarella it is f'in delicious..  if u want a more traditional plain slice it's ok maybe even good for philly standards but I definately think their speciality pies r the way to go..everyone is really nice and it is opened later (1am i think- on fri and sat) now, so u can grab a slice if u head out of the bars early on the way homeSo I originally wrote a bad review on this place because of a delivery mix up. Some random chick sent me a compliment (which was just her talking from her high horse) and reminded me i needed to fix this.
This place is full of very kind staff. We came in just before close, starving. Im lactose intolerant so we ordered a red pizza? Tomato pie? Idk the lingo but it was cheeseless. They were really nice and helpful, and the food was really really good! Definitely go there. If their pizzas with cheese are as good as without, youll love it.Tasty pizza - generous size on the slices and crispy crust. YUM. The slice I tried had olives, artichokes, ham and mushrooms. The pulled chicken salad was enough for 4. I had a few bites of the rosemary potato slice - very flavorful.I used to live across the street from Rustica so I went there pretty frequently. I wanted to love it b/c it was cute and close by. Unfortunately my optimism was crushed each time. 
The flavors on the pizza were not cohesive or interesting. The crust was flavorless. The meat was dry. Oh, and the fries are terrible - soggy and...soggy.
If you want great pizza, walk a few blocks to Cacia's bakery.Best pizza in the Northern Liberties area.  Also, a plain pizza is consistently done in 15 minutes or less--I've never had them tell me it'd take longer, even during peak hours.I LOVE this place.
They usually have Sicilian pizza, which is a guilty pleasure of mine. They never complain when I ask for the corner piece (more crust!). Sometimes they laugh a little, but hey, fine by me. 
The pizza itself is delicious. One of the best slices of any kind of pizza I've had, especially the Sicilian. They also carry Jones soda (another guilty pleasure).
For $5, I get the corner slice of Sicilian and a Jones Cream Soda. Pretty good deal.
One of the guys that works there, all of which are really nice, has the most adorable little girl who I've seen in there a few times. Babies = always a plus.I had a "Dave" panini and risotto balls and I was astonished at how bland they both were. Yet I still paid $18 with a drink.I love, love, love me a thin slice.  Even more, I love spinach and tomato red pie and it's a rare find in a slice.  Tasted the eggplant and sun-dried tomato and it was brilliant.  There are some unique specialty pies that you have to be brave to try - kielbasa and sauerkraut, really?  But I haven't had a bad slice there yet, so I'd say it would be okay to be ambitious in your selection and you'd be pleasantly surprised.  
Indoor and outdoor seating compliment this place but shhhh!  It could be the best kept secret in the city for great pizza.  Let's not hype it too much whilst it may become overrated.  P.S. Rustica would make a nice casual date spot, too.Delicious pizza!! Their salads rock too. Great post North Bowl munchie satisfier. #wishrusticawasinmyhood.I live and work in South Philly, but sometimes my craving for Reuben pizza will be so strong that I drive across town to satisfy myself. Most recently, they didn't have Reuben pizza in the window so I went with Buffalo chicken pizza- equally delicious. I love how they have so many different kinds of pizza available by the slice. And the slices are huge! Especially because they don't even try to skimp on the toppings!
A slice is around $3- $4 depending on what topping you're getting, but 1 slice is all I need to fill me up! I mean, it's not the cheapest pizza in the city but I believe you pay for what you get and Rustica is so worth it!My favorite local pizza spot.  Everything from your standard slice to the Reuben (corned beef, pickle and 1000 island dressing) yes that's right...it's crack!  They have a great selection of creative & unique pies.   Random veggies, crawfish, white pies, no matter your mood you will be able to find something.
  The only down fall is that upon walking in you never know if they will actually have the specific pie you are looking for ready and available.  From a business stand point this is completely understandable, not many people walk in with the intent of grabbing a reuben, chicken n cilantro, or buffalo chicken slice so don't go there with your heart set on one specific slice.  You will though walk out a happy patron.Great spot to stop in for a slice. Rustica has plenty of options of unique pizza options.Gotta say I read the reviews and was really looking forward to a great pizza but, sadly, this didn't happen.  One hour for delivery when was told 25 mins?  Ordered meat pizza ($24.50) with extra cheese (don't judge - $2.50). With tax & delivery charge this became a $31 pizza.  No extra cheese & cold pizza.  Thanks Rustica, my last pizza for 60 days & this is what I got?Seriously delicious pizzas - my favorite is the roasted garlic and tomato! Also I LOVE their pulled chicken salad. All menu items are great. It's an awesome little place in a great neighborhood. Definitely check these guys out!Freaking love this place. 
Even though I live in NYC now, I still come grab a slice or 2 every time i visit.  
And yes, Rustica pizza much better than nyc pizza.Had a pulled brisket and mashed potato slice. Actually really close conceptually to pizza in Rome. The toppings were creative and the soda choices were local. I give it a strong recommendation.Thin, crisp, genuine, fresh, authentic in a no hassle, friendly atmosphere. It is among the best in Philly. Just get there.I love this place but the sauce is a bit acidic for me. Top notch pizza if you aren't prone to acid reflux. (Talking obviously about the red pies)I have unofficially named Rustica's Eggplant Pizza THE BEST SLICE OF PIZZA in the City of Philadelphia. As a native of NY - I know good pizza when I taste it.Very tasty, very friendly, very cheap.  BRING CASH no credit under 10 buxFive stars for having brussel sprout pizza (and if you're not a fan, Rustica has way more interesting meat pizzas than vegetarian pizzas, so I'm sure you'll figure something out).  Minus one star for never having brussel sprout pizza available by the slice.  Plus half a star for an excellent and well-organized selection of fliers, free weekly papers, etc.  I was taught to round up, so here we are at five stars again.
Best bet is to get a whole pizza to go and walk down the street to the Foodery for a mixed six pack.  Instant bliss.Two slices of plain with a fountain drink for $6 flat. Can't beat that!Delicious! I don't know a single person who doesn't LOVE their pizza... even my father in law who is the pickiest eater.  We usually get take out or delivery, but there are a few small seats in the place.  We live close by to the place, but delivery is super fast!  Even if they say the pizza is coming in 40 minutes, we've had it arrive in 20.  Also, fries are amazing! Just like McDonalds!My only experiences with Rustica are through a voice communication system and their dispatch rider.  Oh, I guess you can count the person who stuffed a menu in my mailbox as well.  However, I regard Rustica as a top tier pizza slinger in Philly (My other favorite's on Brown street in Fairmount).  First and foremost, whenever I order pizza, it's usually because I'm clutching my stomach in hunger pangs and I cannot get up to cook.  Their delivery chariot arrives quickly every time I beckon a pie.
The pizza is excellent.  A beautiful char marking the outer edges of crust is key to unlocking flavor from the imprisonment of bland-town that is of pizza dough's nature.  Rustica's got it down good.  Also, the toppings are quality.  You know those weird kibble sausage bits you get from other places?  Not here.  It's real hot italian sausage, in erratic chopped shapes you'd expect what ten human digits will create.
It is rather pricey for a large, one topping pie at $18+.  But then again, I don't think there's another pizza purveyor that comes close to Rustica in the area.As I've said in some of my other reviews, I'm very picky about my pizza. Plain cheese and tomato pie are my two favorite varieties - none of this crawfish and balsamic glaze crap - and if you don't get plain and tomato pie right then I have no interest in your pizzeria.
Naturally, I hate Rustica.
Why do I use such a strong term? Because a handful of my friends insist on ordering from Rustica when we decide to get a pizza, and I'm forced to first endure their complaints about how it's not worth getting a pizza if I'm not going to eat any, and then to pay for and choke down a couple slices of awful pizza that offend the Italian 25% of the fibers of my being.
Why do I dislike Rustica's pizza so much? 
1) Flavorless sauce - where's the spice? Where's the salt? Where's the sweetness? Throwing some oregano and tomato paste together ain't gonna cut it.
2) Uninspiring cheese - rubbery, with no stringiness and insufficient saltiness/richness.
3) Lame crust - focaccia-like in integrity but without the flavor, not a compliment in my book.
Put it all together, and you have a bad (and overpriced) pizza. Throw what you want on it, I don't care - there's no reason to waste good figs on a crappy piece of pizza. I just hope I'm more successful at avoiding Rustica in the future.i'm so glad to read i'm not the only one with rustica on speed dial.  
if you need to be sold on rustica the best thing cannot be ordered and delivered to your door.  yes, the margherita pizza is delicious, but the very best thing to be had is a slice of the pre-made pesto pie.  i've tried ordering it fresh to the home, not the same.  no, i guess the flavors need to marinate under that glass.  either way, it's the best slice in the city hands down.  i love how not greasy they are.The pizza is fabulous. Pricey but I get it---it's gourmet pizza. I wish they had the slices labeled. I didn't want to ask what each pizza was so I chose randomly two that looked good. I really enjoyed what I had but unfortunately I don't know what they were called.Rustica is possibly the best we have in Philly. It isn't great but, relatively, it is good.
I love the fact that they don't use a lot of cheese. I hate super greasy pizza and my stomach has developed a low tolerance for it. They use good toppings, nothing from a can or a tube. 
Possibly my favorite part is how much they cook it. I like my pizza crisp and I'll only eat pepperoni of they are browned around the edges from cooking.
They deliver (disturbingly fast) to the Art Museum area and every time it has still been hot.Some of the best pizza I've had. 
After a horrendous start to my birthday...3 hour wait at North Bowl, fine. 2 hour wait at Standard Tap, starting to get very annoyed. Pizza for my birthday dinner? Not happy...until I started eating. A huge selection of interesting slices, crispy, and tasty.
Would definitely recommend for a pizza lover, or just a quick dinner in the area.The pizza I've ever eaten, and I've eaten my share of pizza! Best part: huge, fresh variety of slices at seriously fair prices. No excuse not to try something new.I've made my last order at Rustica.  1 large pie with 2 toppings and 1 small with 3.  $44 plus tip for delivery.  These had to be the worst pies I've ordered so far.  Despite the OK toppings, the overall taste of both pies was very bland.  I had kept hoping that each time I ordered, I would love the pizza (based on a lot of the Yelp reviews), but this was the case.  I'm going back to Gianfrancos.The Tartufo, a cheesesteak with truffle oil.  OMG heaven.  Also, it's huge.  Also, yum.  My cheesesteak was made quickly and delivered to my table.
Pizza has lovely crisp crust and the cheese is nicely browned in their oven.  Interesting combinations like the Reuben with corned beef and russian dressing and pickles, on a pizza.  BBQ chicken was good too.  
I wish they had more seating and more of their more interesting combinations available as slices, but that's just nitpicking.  Staff is super efficient and polite.  
I will definitely be back!Been eating here for years and its my go-to spot for great pizza! 
I'm a New Yorker so my standards are high but this place is amazing. 
The only reason for 1 less star is that I wish there were a few more vegetarian options. 
The artichoke and arugula with balsamic dressing is to die for. 
Tip: Grab a few beers from the Beer store across the street and bring them over to Rustica for a great meal!Have been here numerous times and can say that I have enjoyed everything!  The Reuben pizza is the absolute best!My go to pizza spot when I'm at work and looking for a quick meal.  It can be a little expensive for pizza just by looking at the menu, but I am always willing to pay a little hit for good good.  I consider this place the best pizza in the city, little place with limited seating but that shouldn't really affect your decision to come here.  Great variety of pizza, my personal favorite is the spinach and tomato, but I've never been disappointed in a slice here, everything from chicken and roast peppers, a little Cajun style slice with some crab and andouille (?) sausage, and my newest favorite is their pulled pork with Cole slaw slice.  The pork is amazing, a nice little spice to it, and I never knew Cole slaw on a pizza would be good but I'm glad I tried it
Have even had a couple of their sandwiches, my go to when I want some other than a slice is the Puebla sandwich, pulled chicken (could be flavored a little more) but with some tomato, red onions, and a fabulous chipotle mayonnaise on top.  Absolutely stuffed to the brim with the chicken, they do not cheap out.  The belly buster sandwich was good too if your looking for a very filling, messy, sandwich
If you're in or around northern liberties give it a shotBraised Short Rib Pizza. If that doesn't intrigue you, then I don't know what will! This place pushes out great pizza and truly hits the spot every time I'm hungry for a slice.. which is all the time. Definitely check this place out for quick slice if you're in the area.Just simply bad pizza. They use an American cheese or something similar on their pizza. It's dry and has no flavorSo it's now a little after lunch time and I've restrained myself from writing this review so that I could gather the crucial, second data point for pizza - whether it tastes good the next day.
Old Smokey came through in a big way. It was delicious when we had it delivered last night and possibly even more delicious upon reheating for lunch today. The only downshot is my distended belly and the certain food-coma I'm facing coming around the turn into my afternoon.
This was my first from Rustica, but I've got to give them credit for a truly inspired combo - salty pancetta and smoky mozzarella made for a miraculous delicious pie and I will be ordering again and hopefully dining-in as well. The menu offers a lot more inventive combos to try.
Delivery was faster than expected as well.I'm pretty sure this is my fav pizza in Philly now. I've dined both in the restaurant and had delivery, and both times the pizza was amazing. 
Tip 1: They deliver to Rittenhouse (as of April 2012)
Tip 2: If you are having it delivered, ask them which pizzas they recommend for delivery. They recommended some great options that "traveled well," and the pizzas were just as good when it was delivered as it was when we ate at the restaurant.This is a place for people who love toppings on their pizza. The toppings are higher quality than the norm so that is a plus. They have all the slice pies out to choose from. You just never know what slice flavors they will have available besides the norm of pepperoni. 
They have an amazing sicilian but there is never any slices. They only make a sicilian slice pie occasionally. When I had asked when they do it I was originally told every Friday lunch. When I showed up then they didn't have it. So in other words, they lose points for consistency and communication within their staff.I love having Rustica in the neighborhood.  For years it's been my go-to spot for a late night snack (open till 1am on weekends!), a great spot for a quick slice, and a  savior when I'm too lazy to cook or venture beyond a 2 block radius of my house to get food. 
The ingredients are always fresh (including mushrooms - no canned bullshit here) and there are so many varieties of pizzas & sandwiches.  The best pizza in my opinion is the buffalo chicken which they usually have available for slices but is not on the menu for whatever reason.  If you're in the mood to be relatively healthy, they can make any pizza with whole wheat crust.  The cheesesteak, chicken cheesesteak, panini and other sandwiches are all good with the exception of the eggplant parm.  I've given that one a few chances but it's way too greasy in my opinion. 
Fun fact: I once overheard a customer (dining in) ask if they had wine glasses...and they did. Classy!Cute small pizza place. Different varieties of specialty pizzas at your disposable. Interesting combinations. I've tried a slice of roasted potatoes and rosemary and a slice of the ricotta and tomatoes. The first slice was ok, a tad bit bland but with the help of chili flakes and Parmesan cheese it was cool. The 2nd was absolutely delicious! The ricotta and tomatoes combination worked really well. I will definitely be back to try more!Was craving pizza but some thing different from the ordinary. Got bored with same old regular baffulo or BBQ chicken pizza. Was looking for real artistry or even weird if you say. Look on yelp and found me this place. Not far from me about 10 to 15 minutes drive. Right in northern liberty the once trendy area to bar hop. Went in and saw more than ten different kind SPECIALTY pie put up for slice sale. I got a 14" house made brisket and mash potatoes with gravy pie. It's to die for. They use gravy in replacement of the red sauce. Scoops of house made mash potatoes and piles of tender juicy brisket. Nice thin and crispy crust. The price is a little high for a small but definitely worth it. Definitely going back to try their other pies.Good pizza but the price makes u think otherwise. No way any 14" pizza costs 27$. PERIODI love, love, love Rustica. They've always been my go to place in NoLibs for a great slice. Unlike some other reviewers, I don't think their crust is awful; it's standard Neapolitan style with a nice crisp. (In fact, I sometimes buy dough from Rustica when I make pizza at home.) I love their unusual toppings, like the Reuben (corned beef and sauerkraut, drizzled with Russian dressing and topped with a pickle spear), the Mighty Brussel (white pie with brussel sprouts and caramelized onions), and the Bistecca del Tartufo (steak and white truffle cream), but the simple pepperoni is my favorite (so perfect, so picturesque that Philly mag used it as the cover model for its "Best Pizza" issue).I have only had the pizza delivered, but let me say it is by far the best pizza in philly. The delivery doesnt take too long and i should know we get delivery from there every night.
The only reason i didnt give it 5 stars is because the pizza is very thin. I could probably eat a whole large by myself.
freshly made and a little bit expensive but definely worth it. remember guys i just moved from NYC and this pizza can hang with some great pizza places. Its no grimaldis but shiet in philly u cant get a better pie.I am updating my review to add a star because Rustica has become one of my fondest places in all of Philadelphia. I order from them at least once a week (delivery) and all the guys at the shop and the delivery guys have always been some of the coolest dudes.
I also have eaten many other things on the menu besides pizza and all their steaks are banging..tartuffo is a must try, gut bomb is delicious. All around just an awesome place with super friendly people. I cant tell you how oddly upset i get when i see other pizza delivery drivers pull up to our building and i just think to myself "WHY WOULD SOMEONE IN THIS BUILDING EVER ORDER FROM ANYWHERE BUT RUSTICA??"Ordered a chicken parm pizza and were charged $27 yes you read it correctly $27!! Super disappointed that another small business could rip people off this bad!
We have been here numerous times and had a white pizza for $17. They added chicken to a cheese pie and that equals $27! I can't justify the cost and how we were treated when we called in to ask a few questions.This pizza was fresh and fast. Not too much grease and any pie is available  with whole wheat doe. A safe bet for delivery. Grab any pie and watch a movie!Best pizza I have had in Philly. Moved here 6 months ago and Rustica delivery is pretty typical for my girlfriend and I. The Francesca is bangin! Fresh ingredients, great ricotta and nice crispy crust that isn't over-done.
I have yet to try any of their sandwiches and so i can't, in good conscience, give 5 stars.   Stop reading- just click that phone number and order...This review is mostly for out of towners. This place came up when searching for top pizza spots in Philadelphia and was also recommended by a local friend. 
This is one of those pizza places where they make the pizza early in the day then reheat it when you order your "slice." Had a slice of cheese and it wasn't my cup of tea. Heavy on the cheese, not much sauce, very greasy, and some sort of spice on it that really threw the flavor off. 
If you're looking for a place where you can sit and enjoy freshly made pizza with fresh ingredients and maybe a salad or a cocktail, this is not that place.For under 10 bucks you get an interesting meal. I've never seen some of the pizzas they have. I got a sausage and pepper slice and it was amazingNo idea how they delivered my order SO PIPING HOT! Rustica Pizza isn't very close to our home,  but our delivery order is so hot you would think they are next door. And the pizza is delicious. Amazing.Totally meh.. Not bad-just nothing to write home about.. Split the "small" BBQ and small spinach and tomato. Total misnomer- I felt like the biggest pig as two huge pies were brought our way- not small at all..The crust was nice and crisp but I thought they were both a bit overcooked on top.. Like I said meh.. It was fine and I ate three slices but I usually devour pizza and there was certainly no devouring of any kind going on here. Not sure I would return, but it's a decent choice for pizza in nolibs..Coming from North Jersey, I am not a fan of the fancy, schmancy pizzas that are commonly served all over Philly.  Rustica is exactly the style and flavor of pizza I love.  Thanks to my pizza loving man, he suggested we order from Rustica.  Holy cannoli, the pizza was huge and delicious.  And their delivery is fast!  I annoyed myself with how much I couldn't stop talking about how good it was.  They have a great menu of different pizzas.  But you can't go wrong with the plain cheese pizza.  I wanted to wrap myself up in it and eat my way out.Rustica is amazing...creative toppings all on a great base crust. Would recommend brisket and mashed potato pizza as well as the buffalo chicken pizza and just the plain cheese is great
It kicks Spuntino in the pepperoniNice pizza--large NY-style pieces that are slightly thicker and with a crispier crust so they don't flop all over.  The crust is really great.  Interesting toppings--I just had brussel sprouts and onions.  They don't have typical toppings selections, so be prepared to try something new.  There are a few tables in the restaurant, I guess people just slam a slice and leave.  I always take out.
Nice to have a selection of take out pizza in Northern Liberties.Oh my Rustica! This pizza was awesome! With that being said I was in No Libs for a street festival and had indulged in a few pints before deciding to get some grub to soak up the booze. I was with four friends walking along 2nd and the wafting of delicious, hot, doughy and cheesy goodness smacked us in the face. From that moment we knew, we had to have a rustica pizza. 
I split a half cheese and half pepperoni/sausage large pie with three other folks. The sauce was great, the crust was thin and really crispy and it was loaded with lots meat and cheese. Aside from the more high-end sit down and dine places, this is one of the best pies I have had in Philadelphia. It is a tad more expensive than your average pizza shack, but well worth it. The only complaint I have is that the pizza looked so good I could not wait for it cool down a little before I shoved it into my mouth. Hence, a little less skin on the roof of my mouth and a lot of cheese left in the bottom of the box.Best Pizza In Philadelphia - and resultant from that + great location, you pay a premium.
Haven't ventured out of the pie realm, but apparently rest of the menu is primo as well.Quite expensive, but easily the best pizza I have had in Philly. Going in and ordering by the slice isn't going to break the bank, but I had the thought to buy a meat lovers via delivery and was shocked when the order came to (with tip) nearly  30 bucks for one pizza! That definitely makes this not a go to for a quick pizza fix, but its definitely worth a shot if you are willing to eat in.not THE BEST, but heck, it holds its own.  i come here for all the cool flavors when i'm tired (for about 2 days) of margherita.    i just order what looks good and hot and different, and they always come through!  keep it coming, and keep up the good work!Visiting Philly from Mid Coast Maine, where there is no good pizza!! One of my bucket lists was good pizza while here! 
This Was It!! DAYUM tasty pie!! If this is one of your considerations, make it the Top of that list!! Thanks guys!!They passed off OLD nasty pizza as FRESH out of the oven pizza. After I picked up my pie and got it home I was very disappointed. 
I won't be going back.The best part about working in this neighborhood is popping into Rustica for a unique slice of pizza. Quick, easy and reasonably priced.I got home really late from work & was totally starving. Rustica came up in a google search as one of the only businesses open till 1am & we have ordered from them before so we jumped at the chance to order. Their pizza is crusty, cheesy & almost always perfect. I called at 12:45am  just hoping they might take my order. Not only were they polite, but they delivered their last delivery of the night with the same prompt, courteous service as we have always received from them. The pie was perfect & we gave them an extra tip to thank them for their continued great service. I've worked in the food service industry & not every business has employees that would act so graciously at 15 min prior to close. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you! You had me at "hello, Rustica"Maybe I ordered too late or I ordered the wrong pizza... A few good things I liked is that they deliver after 10pm and they have thin crust.. 
I will probably give them another try!I had a pizza delivered from here recently and have to reiterate that this is still a solid pizza shop - the quality is consistent and you always get your pizza hot - this is not my favorite pizza but it is getting more difficult to get a decent pizza delivered for a reasonable price - Rustica remains a go to delivery joint.Not much to say but this place is great value and they got lots of different types of pizza. I'm getting hungry again just writing a review about it.
Nice and crispy.Freakin' awesome when eaten in store.
Had a $3.00 (tax included) single slice of a fresh white pie with arugula, a sungle large artichoke heart (and stem) drizzled in a sweet baslamic glaze.
For me - this is the penultimate of pizza.
Seating is limited.Great pizza. Love the crust, does not taste oily and soggy like a lot of other places. Also best part about it, 2 days after buying a large pizza I stuck it in the oven and the crust was still crispy.Joe Torre once said, "Sex is like pizza. When it's good,  it's very good.  And when it's bad, it's still pretty good."
This is apropos of Rustica. Their imaginative toppings make for a great slice right out of the oven, but they don't hold up well as the night wears on. Take the brisket and mashed potato slice: great at lunch, not as delicious when soaking up a night at The Standard Tap. But still pretty good.A heads up until the guys are able to change the description on their menu; Pizza with eggplant means pizza with breaded, deep fried eggplant. If you do not realize the problem there, you do not want to know. Out of 4 hungry people waiting for pizza, only one of us was willing to eat it. Anywho, long story short my feedback and suggestion to specify the state of the eggplant on the menu better was met with nothing but graceful attitudes and a store credit for the inedible pizza punched into the system, which is just grand. 
Kudos to Pizza Rustica for maintaining such excellent customer service!Long Island pizza critic coming through.
Nothing really compares to Long Island for me still since Philly crust is just so thin and lacks the fluffy texture of a Long Island pie, but I got to say Rustica is the best in Philly that I've tried.
Not every slice is amazing but they are the most inventive with their slices for the simple matter that they are slice-based pizza store. You don't HAVE to order a pie to go here. They offer almost all of their selections via slice for a quick grab'n'go as well. 
Really creative, tasty slices. Get rid of the onions in the BBQ slice and I'd be hooked even more.The pizza is amazing but the customer service is what really blew me away! Called in a pick up order and it wasn't ready when I got there. They advised us that they were running a little behind and offered us a slice and a drink while we waited. They were already my favorite pizza in the area, but that just sealed the deal. 
Do yourself a favor and try the bbq pulled pork. You will not be disappointed!I don't know about anything else they make there, but the pizza is really good.  I like thin and crispy, and they definitely meet those criteria.  The bottom of the crust is always just slightly burnt, which is another preference.  Pizza is one of those things where people have such a strong opinion about and want to have exactly a certain way.  For me, rustica is pretty close to how I like pizza.Awesome pizza in nolibs...so much variety and wasn't that long of a wait. Not many places to sit, it is small. Better to order to goPizza was incredible. Cornmeal crust makes the dough extra crispy.  Great slices with a variety of unique toppings. 
Tried a Hot Tom. Was very dissapointed.  The sandwich was massive in size and had specialty Italian meats and cheeses from the Italian market.
I was sad that the meat on my sandwich was so thick. With each bite my sandwich fell apart. The meat was far too thick to chew.  
Next time, I will ask for the meat to be sliced thinner. The role was a little stale...and the sandwich had a mountain of roasted red peppers on it. Would have been much better with hot peppers.NOM NOM NOM NOM!!! ... Is what I sound like when I'm eating pizza from Rustica. They have such unique flavors and toppings - so much to choose from! Definitely one of my top recommended pizza places in Philly (if you are willing to make it all the way out to nolibs - hard for a center city yuppie, I know). My favorite is the pesto (caprese style) pizza. I have no complaints here and have always enjoyed my pizza. 
Tip: Always order to go/ get delivery - there are not many places to sit (like 4 small tables) and its a pretty small and cramped area.Cheesesteak here is amazing!! I always order for delivery because the staff is hit or miss. One day the cashier guy ( hate to point it out again since I just saw the review about this guy but...) the tatted up guy was so rude it was ridiculous.Finally got to try this place out & I LOVED it! These guys know how to make a great, delicious gourmet pizza. 
Everything on the menu looked & sounded heavenly. I had a hard time deciding, but I figured I should go for a couple of slices (their hot & cold sandwiches & paninis sound awesome too). After mulling it over for a while, I eventually settled on the Frederico slice (white pie, salsa verde, pulled chicken, mozzarella & cilantro) & the chicken caccitore slice (red pie, chicken smothered in onions & roasted peppers). Both were out of this world. The crust had a nice crisp on the bottom, thanks to the brick oven. It wasn't too thin, wasn't too thick either. Loved the spicy sauce on the caccitore slice. And the flavors on the Frederico slice were fantastic. Tasted like an enchilada or something. My brother opted for the eggplant parmigiana slice & one of the new additions: "the mustard slice" (whole wheat crust with spicy mustard instead of tomato sauce, sausage, kielbasa, sauerkraut & caramelized onions). I HAD to try a bite of his mustard slice. At first I was skeptical, but holy hell, was this thing GOOD! It'd be perfect with a nice cold beer. I will definitely get it for myself next time! 
I'll definitely be back to this place. It was a little on the small side, but I went on a weekday afternoon so I was able to grab one of the few tables in the front. As far as pizzerias go, it's a little on the pricey side too, but WELL worth every penny.  (Actually, the sandwiches seem more expensive than the pizzas... which, come to think of it, are pretty reasonably priced, considering what you're getting.)
Can't wait to go back!I've had a plenty of pizza in Philly.. and by far this is the best pizza place ever. The selection is amazing.. so many different pizza avaliable. A must if you're in phillyI ordered pizza from here. And I got a large steak pizza. I got wings and a bottle of water and some soda. 40 something dollars.
I have never eaten a pizza with meat that I really couldn't eat. The taste was bland.
The wings were grey like they just came off the chicken, got slathered with some sauce then cooked just enough to make them warm. Maybe I should try again because I got a bad day or pie but probably I wont.Awesome crust, good ingredients, well-made pizza with awesome unique options. They make the best specialty pies in the city (white pizza with artichokes and a balsamic glaze, for example). Their regular slices are good too.
They usually have a few specialty pies already made (at least around lunch, dinner and Friday/Saturday nights) so you don't have to commit to a whole pie. You can try a slice of pesto white with sliced tomatoes or the above-mentioned artichoke/balsamic.Solid pizza at a great price. Adventurous and standard options to boot. Great for take out. Fun and friendly staff. Not as good as Pizza Brain but still good.
My favorite pies are the white pies, and I think the plum tomato and eggplant takes the cake. 
Great for a late night slice, too, after a long evening.Pizza was delicious. A large pie is huge but you get what you pay for. The menu is long and most pies sound awesome, I got half capicola which I've never heard of as an option before. I also got a side of arancine which was some kind of rice balls filled with meat and cheese- I would highly recommend. It was fast, unique and tasty overall.For the "dough boys" amount us, Rustica offers plenty of creatively topped pies by the slice which might as well be one way tickets to flavor country.  However, the real secrets are their cold sandwiches. The Bella is loaded with poco de gallo and avocados to the point you wear the sandwich after eating. Their hoagie sandwich breads are some of the best in Philly. They offer delivery for the lazier folks. If you're seeking a slice leagues above a standard pepp and cheese, hit up Rustica and live happily ever after.I grew up in NYC and lived in Brooklyn for 14 years.  Pizza is really important to me.  It is my favorite food group.
Rustica boasts its fresh ingerients and you can really tell.  There is a freshness to their pizza that I really enjoy.  
Most pizza joints use the same old processed stuff - not that there's anything wrong with that - but Rustica really stands out to me.
They are nice local folks and they've even shopped in my store - helping to support local businesses - also something very important to me.Interesting pizza specials and big slices for a fair price. I forewarn though to not go at the end of the night!- I've felt sick from this old pizza and my friend was violently ill the whole next day. Staff isn't particularly friendly but in this environment I didn't feel slighted.Oh hell yeah. Rustica has a great location that makes for the perfect quick  meal without sacrificing taste. Whenever I go to the Thursday night tastings at the Foodery I usually grab a slice or two here beforehand. Very happy with the vegetarian pies. Easily one of my favorite pizza places in the city. Delicious pizza and friendly staff!!Update: Thank you Mary and Frank for your response below. I'll take that free pizza because your pizza is delicious, especially the Chicken Mol with the freshly diced red onions, and because you've thoroughly and sincerely addressed the only real complaint I've ever had with Rustica.  
This makes me feel so relieved. Rustica has been a great part of the community for so long, I think that is why I was so shocked and angered by those recent hostile experiences. So, that said on to a straight review:
Pizza here is great. It starts with a solid base. The crust is perfectly crisp and never soggy regardless of how many of their Gourmet toppings you heap on top. The sauce is excellent too. Not too salty or too sweet, just right. Try their specialty pies, they are innovative and delicious. My wife's favorite is the McTigue with the figs and Gorgonzola. 
There are a lot of places making crazy pizza pies a the moment, but Rustica was doing it first, and they're still among the best in town. 
--
So a few weeks back, my wife went here and the guy at the counter, the one with the neck tattoos and the chip on his shoulder, was wearing a Skrewdriver t-shirt. FYI: Skrewdriver is a white power, neo-Nazi skinhead band from England. My wife is no delicate flower, but she was appropriately offended and confused. 
I'm not sure why any business would allow an employee to wear a t-shirt that is guaranteed to piss off nearly every single one of its customers who aren't racist bigots, and a large number of its many latino employees ... but the pizza here is well above average, so we gave Rustica the benefit of the doubt. 
Returned for a couple of slices and the same guy was working the counter. He was rude and impatient (sorry I asked a question!). We ordered our slices to go, and the service, though hostile was quick, too quick. I doubt very much that the slices ever even hit the oven; they were not more than a few degrees above room temperature. I don't know what his problem was, maybe I wasn't white enough. 
Don't get me wrong. The pizza here is good. I'm going to miss it. But, there is a lot of great pizza in this town, some only a few blocks further north. The fact is that customer service is the face of your small business.  Case in point: in just two interactions, Rustica has lost the business of two people who have been loyal customers for years.So I've eaten food from Rustica approximately one million times, it is always consistently good. I have to recommend adding roasted garlic to your pizza, soooo amazing. They use whole, perfectly cooked cloves. 
Recently, I've started exploring the sandwiches. They're a bit pricey, but the eggplant parm is absolutely the best I've had in Philly. This makes me incredibly happy because it means I don't have to stink up my kitchen with odeur de fried eggplant every time I have a craving. Also, the Bella sandwich is surprisingly good. I was a bit wary of the turkey/pico de gallo combination, but it totally works. The sandwiches are big enough that I can get two meals out of them, your mileage may vary.Absolutely the best pizza in the area but very pricey!! We get it on special  occasions. Cooked to perfection each time & top quality ingredients. Buffalo chicken pizza to die for!!Been there twice and both times the pizza was soooo good.  Definitely a fan and I will definitely be back.  Oh, and they're very quick & friendly.Rustica brings me happiness. I braved gale force winds yesterday while on my way to get a sweet sweet slice of paradise. The pepperoni slice was really good, with slightly thicker slices of pepperoni than at most pizzerias. The sausage and magic slice was ridiculous to the point of "maybe I should go back out and get another slice just in case". Yes, I was seriously considering walking another two miles round trip for a single slice of pizza when I wasn't even hungry. 
I'm pretty sure that it's addictive. It's been 20 hours since my last slice and I'm not sure if I can hold out much longer.Rustica has very good pizza.  Every single time.
It's a little expensive, but nothing outrageous.  The quality justifies the cost.  They have tons of great specialty pizzas, my favorite being the crawdaddy.  Crawfish on pizza is a good idea.
Their tomato pies with no cheese can be really good too.  Plum tomato and asparagus?  Absolutely.
If you go for a slice, you're probably going to spend about $4.  I don't think they usually have a plain cheese slice available.Best pizza in Northern Liberties! It's a gift and a curse that my work is so close.My favorite pizza place in Philly.  The ingredients are fresh and they have whole wheat crust!  I always get veggie pizzas like roasted red pepper and spinach.  And they conveniently deliver!Big fan of Rustica.
Their Roasted Red Pepper Pie is the best!
Friendly and consistent.
Great choice in salads
White Pie is a little on the salty side though.By FAR the best.  You need to appreciate the ART in ARTisan to realize what you are getting with Rustica.  Ingredients are not typical and may go wasted on some as they are carefully selected and then a creation of flavor balance that entices the next bite is born - not just because you are hungry but because your mouth's soul wants to do that again and again.  A pie costs about 3 bucks a slice but you are getting a full meal of 5 star quality in each slice..more than worth it.  ENJOY!With all the cheese, grease, and bread I tend to go easy on pizza in order to stay healthy.  I'm no posterchild for healthy living, but if I'm going to be binge drinking on the regular I should probably take a few precautionary steps to save my waist size from expanding overnight.  Cutting out pizza and soda from my diet is one of those steps.... but for Rustica I can always make an exception.  In the wide spectrum of pizza variety, Rustica ranks really highly on the quality scale - think crispy crust, clean taste, high quality ingredients, perfectly cooked. The delivery guys are all hilarious and cool, too.
To all you thin crust haters, give this place a try or step off!Totally forgot to check in last night but HAD to write a review. 
BEST PIZZA IN THE AREA!!!
Don't delay, go today!Tartufo steak. It comes in a pizza. but more importantly it comes in cheesesteak form. For those of you not familiar with what a truffle is, my first list will explain what it is and where to find them in Philadelphia food. Don't discount it until you've tried it, TRUST ME. The Tartufo is a cheesesteak with truffle cream and caramelized onions.
I've also gotten the Old Smokey on a couple occasions, and while the pizza is great, the toppings are rather spaced out and thin, I remember being disappointed. The sauce, while great, overpowered the other ingredients, that little thing you pay extra for ;)
The sides/appetizers available are really just lame. Not bad, just a real fizzle. With every combination under the sun on their pizzas, an appealing appetizer shouldn't be too difficult. Cheesy garlic bread shouldn't be outside of the realm of possiblity, no? Per favore?  
Don't bother with the fries, they're regular variety and if you ask for cheesefries, it's a 50/50 chance they say they don't sell such a thing; else, you get a softball of fries and cheese rolled up in foil. NO. LIE. More of a speedbump than a roadblock, as I consumed said fried potato mozzarella ball.
The arancine looks awesome on the menu but don't get your hopes up, might as well be fried air. Far too much batter and microscopic flecks of pancetta.
To remedy the weak sides, I will every so often get an order of wings along with something bigger. The wings themselves are not fried, but baked and are of good quality, so no worries there. 
So despite the fact that I've never actually made it to Rustica to sit and have a slice, I've picked up food from there before and the establishment is nice. The inside seating is minimal and a couple tables sit outside along the street. I like this part of Northern Liberties, as this particular part of 2nd street is lively. If you plan ahead you can order your pizza, hit up the Foodery just across Poplar Street and grab a beer with plenty of time to spare.
As a Yelp sponsor, read this!The best pizza I've had in Philly.  Super thin crust, perfectly crunchy, not super greasy, and plenty of cheese and toppings.  They also serve food till 1AM on the weekends, so I can swing in here and grab a slice when the bars have stopped serving food.
If only they delivered to Rittenhouse...I'd be truly happy.Great selection of off the wall flavors and combos... My wife and I couldn't decide what to get so we kept going back to the counter.My mouth is watering for their pepperoni pizza as I write this. Healthier toppings options abound, as well, and are very good....even though I am craving their crispy baked pepperoni slices on a crunchy thin crust....I WANT to love this place more. It is a convenient little pizza/sandwich place. It's hard for me to give it only two stars, but this had to happen. I will tell you why this review is so fraught with conflicting feelings: Some of the times that I've gotten food here, the food has been AMAZING! So amazing! This coming from a girl who is from New Jersey and therefore PICKY about a pizza place. I've had super yummy, well-crafted pizzas and cheesesteaks here! But then some of the times I've gotten food here (the same food!), it has been dismal. So utterly dismal. Soggy, tasteless, just so awful. Everything that food should not be. Consistency in food quality is one of the most important things for a restaurant, because if I'm not sure if this is going to be one of those amazing food experiences or one of those sad, gross food experiences when I go to your restaurant, I will eventually stop going at all. I am not a gambler. If you are, then definitely go here. You might get lucky.Best spot for a slice in the NL.  Creative combinations of toppings on super thin crust.  Sometimes a little dry...  but I keep coming back for more.Great pizza, thin crust, good creative toppings, barely any grease. Their salads are huge and scrumptious. Sandwiches are good too. Oh, yeah, they deliver too, so you don't have to get stuck with low quality, grease pit pies at home.
Only thing to look out for is that they sometimes don't heat up their slices sufficiently, so if you are carrying one out, don't expect it to stay hot for more than a minute.After finally trying a normal pizza here, I can finally give this place the review it deserves!!  Tonight I had a half pepperoni half plain pizza and it was great!  I was worried about trying their pizzas with a red sauce due to the questionable yelp reviews but it was really good and I am glad I did!  I have ordered here numerous times and have gotten pies like Pico de gallo and Federico, and plenty of salads and sandwiches.  I can't say I have ever had anything bad from here minus some soggy fries here or there.  Their pulled chicken is incredible, their creative pies are awesome and their sandwiches are great.  The salsa verse is a little spicy so be prepared for a kick.  You can't go wrong with the sausage and meatball parm sandwich with roasted reds!!  
I would recommend this place to anyone.  The price may be higher than you expect but the quality makes it worth it!!We had several varieties of Rustica Pizza at the Yelp Philly event on 7/31.  They were so yummy.  I tried the veggie pie with spinach, fresh sliced tomato and ricotta.  YUM!
I also tried a few bites of the Philly-cheese-steak style pie - sliced steak meat, cheese and onions.  (I picked out the onions - as I don't "do" onions).
Even though it's porbably AMAZING if you eat it fresh at their location - it was still AWESOME pizza for delivery.  I can't wait to go to the store and try a fresh pie.
One of the other yelpers has rustica on speed dial - and has it delivered to his home, office and even to certain bars.
Kewl.I have been looking for a great pizza place for a  while now & never found one that I thought was good enough to continually order from.  Until Rustica.  I would like to sincerely thank whoever left menus for this place in the foyer to my building a month or so back.
The sauce is good, the dough/crust AMAZING, the ingredients fresh & tasty & the specialty pizzas interesting, different & delicious.  Their salads are fresh & generously sized & that's an understatement.  
The delivery guys are always really nice & accommodating (they are like, the ONLY delivery people who actually make use of our call box so they can be buzzed in & deliver right to our door) with timely delivery.
My one complaint - & the one thing keeping from giving Rustica 5 stars - is that their sides kinda suck.  Like kinda really suck pretty badly.  Hugely disappointing as I *love* sides.  The fried asparagus was really soggy, the fried mushrooms looked like they had been fried in grease that needed to be changed like, yesterday, the arancine, as delicious & tasty as it may sound is blaaaaaaaaaaaand as anything. 
The prices might look a little high for a pizza place but trust me the food (other than the sides, hah) is well worth it.Had a couple really tasty slices here.  There was 90s Alternative music playing and posters of such bands on the walls.  The staff was friendly and quick.
A great spot to stop before or after drinks in Northern Liberties.  Or whenever if you live or work nearby.Rustica is great and they deliver to Fishtown.......fast.   
It's a lil pricier than your average pizza joint, but the food is far above average, my Dad always taught me, "ya get what ya pay for".  
I've never had anything from here that I didn't totally enjoy.  Do it!I love this place.  If you are in the mood for a gourmet pizza, this is the place to go.  The Old Smokey is unbelievably delicious.  The owner is often there making pizzas and tending the register himself which is good to see.  There isn't a ton of seating but they do set out tables on the sidewalk and most of the time, I'd take it with me anyway.I haven't been there in years since I moved out of the city, however I still dream about the Tartufo cheese steak and pizza.Goodfella pizza was terrible. Chicken was cardboard and although broccoli rabe is always delicious, the pizza overall was dry and flavorless (even with tons of hot sauce poured on it, i tried tabasco and sriracha to no avail).  the roasted garlic tasted like mush and the lack of sauce is a terrible idea for these ingredients. I thought this place would have more flavor!  Admittedly the ingredients are fresh but next time maybe i'll try the bbq chicken.  Delivery was fast tho to center city.I gave this place about 5 chances because of the proximity and delivery. The pizza isn't terrible, it just isn't good. Lacks flavor. I even went so far as to design a pizza with toppings I thought could be IMPOSSIBLE to lack flavor. Apparently it is possible and all the salt and red pepper flakes in the world couldn't save it. Sorry but when I spend $37 on a pizza and a salad it needs to be good. No matter how hung over I am I will never order from here again, always wind up disappointed.Yummy!  My first experience here was with delivery, ordered the McTigue, with fig and pine nuts.  Very good.  Delivery person was friendly, and it took under an hour.  Next time, I'm going to try the chicken mole!I just moved to Fishtown, and I'm told there's nothing better than Tacconelli's. However, the ease of order is not so easy there, I've heard (pre-ordering dough and such). I needed some pies, and fast, to reward my movers. So, we went to the next best - out of Fishtown. 
I've had Rustica before, but I don't remember it being the best pizza ever, as it was this time. I arrived as just after they opened, so every pizza on their display was fresh outta the oven. I could have passed out. You don't know me and my pizza! We have a relationship. Nothing can come between us.
Two pies: Chicken Man and a regular plain. While Chicken Man was not exactly my style (I usually don't want chicken on my pizza, and I'm a fiend for red sauce), it's peppery flavor was nice. But the basic, most flavorful treat was the plain. The sauce was perfect - and I can't explain how - sweet/tart/not too sweet. Just the right consistency and ratio of cheese (browned) to sauce. And hot! I can't quit you, Pizza Rustica. I'm looking forward to those long summer walks home from work.I love me some Rustica.  
I am super picky about pizza and I'm always happy eating here.  Let me qualify though - much like my other favorite pizza place in Philly - Gianfranco's Pizza Rustica (I'm not sure if they are connected or not) - this pizza is only the best while eaten by the slice, in house.  It is not the same when you order an entire pie for delivery.  I can't put my finger on why.  I think it may have to do with the perfect crispy-ness of the crust from the oven at the restaurant.  
What I love the most about Rustica is the amount of sauce they put on the pizza.  I hate places that use the barest minimum of sauces (Lorenzo's on South Street, are you listening?) so for me, this place is perfect.  Their crust is thin and light, yet holds up to any amount of topping.
The prices are reasonable and the staff are friendly and efficient.  There are only a few tables in the restaurant and they are only good for 2-3 people.  The hours are convenient as well as the 2nd street location. 
The varieties will surprise and delight you.  The pain with mushroom is a favorite of mine.  One of the ONLY places in Philadelphia that does not use CANNED mushrooms (do you hear that Taconelli's?)  They also have creative slices like fig and balsamic vinegar.  Delicious!!!Great pizza. My brother in law owns a great pizza shop in jersey and this is the first pizza I've had that I put on the same level. Quality!Although, I don't believe I have ever had anything here besides slices and sodas - both of these are always top notch.
It's a small place so I wouldn't recommend it for a large party, especially during the winter. And for some odd reason they don't have pineapple.  
They make my favorite bbq chicken pizza in Philadelphia, and employ a few of my favorite bmx boys. It's always a good time at Rustica (pronounced roo-stica).Good thin crust, really tasty sauce (not overly sweet and with a pinch of heat), delicious cheese, good toppings.
This pizza is good, basically.
It is also overpriced by a couple bucks a pie, and the delivery time was 45 minutes for literally six blocks.
Do not judge me for not walking over myself.  It's a long story.
Also, I'm seeing some delivery woes story -- our pie was great!  It had spinach and roasted peppers on it, was warm and didn't have any soggy issues.I love their pepperoni and red pepper with sausage pizzas! One of the best pizzas in philly, its just so high  quality tasting! They offer wheat crust too if you're lookin to make your pizza a little healthier! I don't notice a difference btwn the wheat crust or original, I like both!There are many yummy things to order from Rustica.....but one sandwich rules them all. Order the Tartufo....as it could possibly change your life. This is not an ordinary Philly Cheesesteak. It is a steak made with truffle cream and enhanced with caramelized onions. It sounds simple.....because it is, but the cooks at Rustica get it right every time. Consistent quality from the top down. Quick Delivery service from staff that smile and actually give a s***! I love you Rustica. Please don't ever change the menu and lose the Tartufo!
Cheers,
DarthI will go here in a pinch. Except they pinch me back. The pizza is so forgettable I kept forgetting to Yelp it.Yum, yum, yum. In the three days since I had a pizza from Rustica I have been swooning over it just like I did for my 9th grade boyfriend. It was everything I ever dreamed a pizza would be...cheesy, saucy and sweet - just like me!
I recommend the Meredith pie, made from real bits of Meredith! And if you phone in your order, I suggest not annoying the guy who you place your order with. Your pizza will pay the price (and you don't want to know what that price is, trust me).
They also have the badge of honor proudly displayed on their door - the coveted "People Love Us On Yelp" sticker!ordered the small Old Smokey and shared it with the boyfriend.  I am in love (with the pizza) :)Some of the best pizza in the city. 
Artichoke, bacon, mushroom, and olive pizza. Tomato, mozzarella, pesto pizza. Spicy breaded chicken and cilantro pizza. Perfect crust. Random artwork. Boylan's root beer!!!
If I lived closer, I'd be fat from this place. Cheers.This is the only place worth getting pizza in fishtown or no libs.If not for a recent experience, Rustica would have gotten 5 stars from me.  Living in Fishtown now, decent delivery options do not abound.  Rustica has been my go to place for sandwiches and pizza.  I've ordered everything from a basic pepperoni pie (yum) to the tartufo pie with steak and truffle cream (yum), to the sicilian (also yum).  I've thoroughly enjoyed all of them, with the exception of the Schiacciata, which was pretty bland in my opinion.  Surprisingly, one of my favorite things to order are actually their cheesesteaks.  Great rolls, lots of finely chopped meat (good meat, not nasty fatty meat!), and I always order them with extra cheese because I like a healthy meat to cheese ratio.  Had a chicken cheesesteak recently which was also very good...marinated, chopped up chicken breast, not that chicken steak crap (I hate that stuff).  And speaking of chicken cheesesteaks, that particular order brings up my gripe and reason for only 4 stars.  On that evening, I really wanted fries as well.  What tastes better with a good cheesesteak than some fries?  Sadly, Rustica's fries have been very mediocre whenever I've ordered them; thin shoestring fries that are always soggy and floppy.  I thought maybe they'd satisfy my craving and taste alot better if they threw some of their pizza cheese on them and popped them in the pizza oven for a few minutes.  Mozzarella cheese fries, nothing crazy or fancy..  I asked nicely if they could possibly do this and was given a big fat no, can't do it.  Really??We absolutely love theirs Sicilian pizza!  We order takeout from this place  a few times a month.  They also sell pizza by the slice!best pizza in the city.... if you go before the lunch / dinner rush you will have the most options. great sauce!Wow just wow!  I had such a good slice of pizza last night and even though I don't really venture over to NoLibs that much I may find myself here more often for a late night slice.What a perfect pizza place!
A small-ish (5 total tables inside, two outside) spot where they make the pizza right in front behind the counter. 
So many delicious toppings and tastes await you...we had a spinach salad (so wonderful, with kalamata olives, fresh mozzarella...) and sat by the window (two big windows at the front that look out onto the section of the Northern Liberties neighborhood in which Rustica sits.
Shortly after our salad (only a little over the 8minutes they said it would be---which shocked me...pizza so fast!) the MASSIVE pizza came to the table.  They have two sizes: Regular and Large.  The two of us had been starving, so we ordered a large, worried the regular wouldn't be satisfying.  We probably could have ordered a regular, the pizza was so huge.  The pictures I took don't even do it justice.
The pizza was: heavy on the sauce (a good sauce though, so it wasn't too questionable), covered in roasted garlic (mmm) and mushrooms (mmm) and had a great consistency of crust.  It totally hit my pizza spot.
The bathroom was not really desirable for an eat-in place, but Rustica isn't primarily an eat in place.
I would love to live very close to a pizza place like Rustica...convenient, fresh ingredients, delivers, salads, friendly.
Go! It's Delicious!Surprisingly very tasty pizza and not as expensive as you would imagine.
I definitely would recommend getting a pie to go because the inside, while there is a decent amount of seating, is not so nice.
I will be back here and hopefully have a good experience again.Ok. I know Carrie E. loves her some Meredith Pie, but everytime I go to Rustica, despite the pizza being delicious, I find a few hairs, random inedible articles, and once a cooked-in fly. I don't know, it really makes me sad because the pizza is so GD delicious. Maybe I was a jerk to the guy on the phone? I really don't think so though, because I'm actually quite nice to people I don't know. I'm nice because I'm afraid they'll put hair on my pie. I guess it doesn't matter: It's hair pie to me, but I eat it anyway.I will have to say VERY impressed that the owner himself got involved with my issue & offered us a refund or free pizza.  Great business sense & will deff try this place again.