Adding the San Diego and Savannah (sans mayo) to my list of favorites from here! They've become my go-to sandwiches. I did notice that a few sandwiches have come off the menu, so hoping these two are here to stay! 
Tip: Ask for the Savannah grilled so the brie is nice and melted!Love this spot and so happy the moved further down fairmount Ave so it's closer to me!! 
Great mix of classic sandwiches, as well as unique but equally as delicious options. Super nice staff as well. Recently I couldn't decide between the buffalo chicken panini and the jerk chicken panini, but decided to go with the jerk chicken since had an interesting addition of pineapple which was the perfect amount of sweet to the spiciness of the delicious sauce.
Great selection of salads, too, with a monthly chef's special! Bakery display looked amazing with cookies, cupcakes, etc. Definitely want to go back for one of the huge cupcakes I saw. 
SUPER friendly staff, I asked for a bunch of suggestions and they were super willing to chat. Not a lot of seating but some options for both inside and outside seating!The bagal Here was plain but with large volume, you could choose which content you want. But basically, not so surprising.What's a brunch place without hot chocolate and omelette? Sucks! I had to eat Umpqua oats ( which I can even have in my office every day) and that too I had to eat some random flavor coz my favorite one Kickstart wasnt available. So pissed off!My mom and I went looking for lunch were directed to walk along Fairmount as there are a number of cafes there. We ended up stopping at Rybread, and we were certainly glad. The food here is amazing! I normally don't like to buy sandwiches when I'm out because honestly, it's not that hard to put stuff on bread, you can do it at home. But these sandwiches are WORTH IT. Amazing variety, super fresh ingredients, stuffed full of lots of tasty things. I only wish I actually lived closer so I could go more often!
We sat outside at the patio in the back which is small, but super homey. If you're in the mood for a great and easy lunch, definitely stop here.On a layover in Philadelphia me and my wife went into the city to check things out. We stoped here for lunch. Had the corned beef on rye and it was a nice sandwich. The crab came sandwich missed the mark though.You never disappoint! Great Santa Monica and lemonade. I inhaled my lunch! Fast and friendly service.Whoa!!! Ryebread Cafe is so great!! I almost hope more people don't find out about it since the wait times are very reasonable and although they are busy there are always free seats. Big fan!
They have a really cool geographically-themed sandwich/panini menu which accounts for most of the food options. There are 3 vegetarian sandwiches and I have tried the Sante Fe (grilled portobello, squash, eggplant, caramelized onion, pesto) and the Hollywood (hummus, cucumber, red onion, shaved carrot). Both were delicious! 
The inside has a great feel and there is outdoor seating out front and in a rear patio. Very friendly staff. Since I am quite sick of the crowds and long waits at Mugshots this is a really great alternative for a quick weekend breakfast!Just dropped in for a little late Sunday lunch after reading all the positive Yelp reviews and once again Yelp did not let me down.  Even though like many a good places... you could walk right by Rybread and never even notice it, this place serves up a mean sandwich.  Highly recommend the untoasted Napa sandwich!!! I went sans prosciutto to keep it a little lighter but I think next time I will give it a try wit'.
Enjoy!Good, safe, reliable, local place. Not special but is totally satisfactory. Coffee is drip, and just passable.This is one of my favorite places in Fairmount. It's such a staple in the neighborhood. Ryan and Steph (the owner/manager) couldn't be kinder. Their scones are my favorite thing. My weekend often starts with walking to Rybread to get a blueberry scone, bacon & cheddar scone, and a cup of coffee. It makes for a pretty fantastic start to a Saturday. They also have fantastic salads and a great variety of sandwiches that are so fresh and affordable. The place doesn't have a ton of space but they have a ton of character and food that's tough to beat.Love their Fairmount location, so very excited when they announced a Brewerytown shop. Tasty sandwiches, salads, AND beer?! Yes, please. 
They did a great job renovating the interior but kept some cool features, like the wraparound balcony. I love the big table in the front window. The staff is very helpful and friendly.I've gotten Ry Bread for lunch numerous times and never been disappointed. They consistently have great soups, salads & sandwiches. Because I like more elaborate coffee i.e. Lattes, Cappuccinos, etc they are not my go-to for that. Therefore I don't often think of them for breakfast. Oh yeah, another important offering, rock solid cupcakes!Overall-  this place had awesome vibes, decor, and menu but the actual food was underwhelming.  The small space also created awkwardness/claustrophobia.  Went on a Saturday late morning (1pm) and bounced my way around Fairmont's finest like a ping pong ball.
The pluses- I love the handwritten chalkboard menus and outdoor patio seating.  I love seeing people bring their dogs to lunch and hang out.  And I love sandwiches, croissants, and bagels.  So by all measures, I was set up to absolutely love Rybread.  
I ordered the Santa Monica on multigrain (bacon. lettuce. tomato. avocado. mayo) and the bf ordered the Savannah (oven roasted turkey breast. brie. whole cranberry sauce. mayo) on multigrain.  We also got a couple of drinks (iced coffee- which was nice and strong) and a Hazelnut Coffee.  Total was around 25$ which is a bit pricey for a to-go lunch.  
My sandwich (Santa Monica) was underwhelming.  It's hard to mess up a sandwich with these ingredients because they are so damn delicious but I really felt like they hid, rather than highlighted, the best components.  WAY too much lettuce (part of which was brown), limp tomatoes, and the bacon was not the crunchy, flavorful counterpart I needed it to be.  Add some chopped basil to that mayo or make sure to only use fresh veggies/bacon... it just didn't have "oomph".  Would not order this again.
My boyfriend's sandwich was better but also lackluster.  The whole cranberry sauce was delish and you can't go wrong with brie... however, it didn't blow me away.  We both are huge lovers of food and if we love something, we can't stop talking about it.  Neither one of us raved on this.  We just quietly ate our sandwiches.  So hence the three starts.  
However, I am hopeful.  I saw some MASSIVE croissants at the register and the paninis definitely piqued my curiosity.  Perhaps it was an off-day, perhaps they were too busy, or perhaps their Santa Monica just doesn't taste that good.  I will be back, on a weekday, and will give this place a second try.  If only because I really like chalkboard menus and places where you can sit on the patio with your puppy.The staffs are super friendly
I tried "RYBREAD"($9.75), the sandwich that has crab cake in it an loved it!!
Add some of the spices that's lying on the counter to make it betterA little small inside but luckily they have outdoor seating in the front and back! Reasonably priced and it's always delicious. Always.When I first read the story behind rybread, I just had to check it out. An unemployment ... opportunity? A cross-state journey and a menu inspired by each stop on said road trip?  Inspiring.
But the lure of a "happy ending" alone does not do the trick...
Good thing rybread has it all. Delicious, fresh breakfast and lunch fare, excellent iced coffee, outdoor terrace seating, reasonable prices and an extremely pleasant and friendly staff. Seriously people, what else could you ask for?
Oh, you want to be part of a success story too? DONE.For a sandwhich shop, Rye Bread is definitely a quick, quality lunch stop in Fairmount. There's so many options between breakfast sandwhiches and oatmeal for breakfast. Then there's cold sandwhiches and paninis for lunch. The Denver is the classic chicken salad sandwhich with greens. Personally I thought it was a little dry and unimpressive but we also ordered the Savanah which is a roast turkey, cranberry sauce and brie sandwhich and that blew my socks off. 
The service is always great and the location is right on Fairmount a block from the art museum and parking isn't too horrible. 
I think the price for the add ons like the chips and sodas can be a bit pricey so a 7 dollar sandwhich turns into a 13 dollar meal real quickly. But all in all I go there very often and usually enjoy my sandwhich.Food poisoning.  That's really all I have to say.  I left there about the eight minutes ago and I haven't been able to stop throwing up since...  I hate this place..    Cold sweat and vommitting was not what I ordered ...Awesome little restaurant for some coffee and sandwiches.
I came at breakfast time and got some iced coffee and bagel sandwiches. Nice outdoor seating in the back as well as on the sidewalk. The owners are super friendly.My girlfriends and I were definitely NOT as googly-eyed about this shoe-box size restaurant as the rest of the reviewers here. Here's why: 
1). Itty. bitty. -seriously, not for the claustrophobic. The "lovely outdoor seating" ?? there are approx 3 tiny tables...yeah, good luck with that at lunch. The restaurant itself is cute, but with it being SO busy and SO small, there isn't room to even pass through to GET to the miniature outdoor seating area without unintentially groping someone waiting in line to order (and there's no AC, so everybody's pretty sweaty and cranky). They have a few tables out front, but on these 95 degree days w/95% humidity..sittin in the sun ain't pretty. 
2). A bit on the expensive side. I paid 20 buckeroos for a sandwich for myself, a grilled cheese for my daughter, two small bags of chips and and iced tea and lemonade. My other girlfriend had wanted to go to Chipotle for lunch and I talked her out of it..normally I would have zero remorse for talking someone out of a chain, but i kinda felt bad when we had to each cough up $20 for some sammies for us and our kids. 
3). We ordered 3 different sandwiches among 3 adults and 2 kids. None of us thought ours was all that tasty. Two of us had the Tucson and we thought it was dry and underwhelming taste-wise. 
The food wasn't bad, but Still not having explored all of the other fabulous little spots in Fairmount, I'm gonna keep truckin'...There is a really friendly, laid-back atmosphere at Rybread. It is an excellent place to read or study. I got the Buffalo panini on brioche with Gorgonzola, which was delightfully spicy, but balanced with sweet red onion and shredded carrot. My girlfriend ordered the Napa with eggplant on baguette, with mouth-watering pesto and mozzarella. My white-chocolate flavored iced coffee was perfect. I will be coming back--a lot!Oh, how I love Rybread.  The chalkboard menu here is so extensive you never have to order the same thing twice.  Every sandwich I've ever ordered here was delicious.  The Napa is an old standby, the Plymouth (a Thanksgiving type sandwich) is my most recent favorite, but I'm sure there will be more.
The wait staff is lovely, the sandwiches are perfect, and the coffee is strong.  I am a Rybread customer for life!I had been meaning to walk over to Rybread for several months. Finally made it in earlier today, and the visit was unfortunately a bit of a letdown.
You enter and there appears to be a line to the register. Chances are that it is not actually a line -- it's just people waiting for their already-ordered drinks/food inside the tiny space. At this point, you can either look at the chalkboard of offerings to the left, view the case of pastries, or head right up to the counter and place your order.
Once done ordering, you join the ranks of people who appear to waiting in line but are just...waiting. Your name is then called shortly thereafter. In my case, they chose to call me "Kathy" (*points at Yelp name* *makes face* *notes that this did not impact my rating since it happens to me all the time but.. uuuuugh*).
I grabbed my order, and since there were no tables open (out of the three available), I brought my piping hot coffee and "Denver" chicken salad sandwich outside to quickly consume at one of the tables there. These additional tables would be nice when it's warm outside, I'm sure.
Drink verdict: I was not a fan of my vanilla-flavored coffee. Despite sitting outside in the 40-something degree weather, it took way too long to even cool off to the point of being drinkable. Once it finally did reach peak-drinking-temperature, the flavor was off. Maybe their regular coffee is better.
Sandwich verdict: They clump that meat in there! That part is great! For the price, it's a fantastic deal. I wasn't a fan of the multigrain bread, so if I ever found myself there again, I'd ask for a different bread type. The [chunky] chicken salad itself was also on the bland side, with minimal walnuts, but the grapes were good and saved the sandwich.
Other items on their menu looked like they could be tasty, so I might check them out again someday.A nice addition to the neighborhood. Primarily I get take out cider, beer or coffee. The sandwiches and soup are a little outside of my usual grab & go lunch style, though I like the addition of RyeBrew to the block. It seems like a good place for young couples with children and college kids to eat lunch or dinner time sandwich or soup, have a coffee or beer & sit with wifi. A healthy addition to the changes on the block.This place is a great little place to quickly pick up a delicious, creative bite to eat!  They even have delivery!!  My favorite sandwich is the Santa Monica on Multi-grain... (BLT w avocado's) yum!  The staff is friendly and very quick with making each item on the menu.  I'm so happy Rybread came to the Fairmount neighborhood!!!This place is small obviously.  But you know that going into it.  That being said the coffee is great, I believe they use Chestnut Hill Coffee which is awesome.   The staff is always friendly, even if they are not 100% organized in there.  But they are so polite and the sandwiches are always good.  Definitely my favorite coffee shop in Fairmount.The Savannah and San Antonio are the way to go. Really great ingredients and my love of cranberries does make me partial to the savannah. The specials they have are usually impressive as well. Great selection. Prices are $1-2 more than I might expect, but they make big sandwiches and use good stuff in them, so its worth it. Gets crowded quick but you can wait outside.This place use to be my go-to breakfast sandwich spot! Has been lacking in the quality department as of lately. Bacon egg & cheese was cold today. Whomp!Ry Bread is a SOLID lunch location.
I have been twice thus far in my short time in Philly, and I say that these people win the reward for nicest customer service.  They take a few minutes to make your sandwich, but that is because they are making it fresh.  it annoys me to no end places that do not make sandwiches fresh to order (ahem, Atlanta Bread Company....)
They have a few seats in the front, but they also have seats outside and in the back of the restaurant on a patio.I will trek over here anytime for a meal! 
oh yeah... the food...MMMM... perfect. hits the spot. and i have 0 complaints.Came here on a Sunday morning and the bagel selection was a little low. My friend and I got 2 of the last sesame bagels, and I felt bad when the person behind us asked for one. The bagel sandwiches themselves were super tasty and filling; however, I would not recommend the iced coffee. My friend and I both ordered iced coffee and found it to be super watery. This new location has a good amount of seating with outlets scattered around, but be prepared to smell like bagel sandwiches for the rest of the day.This place is a nice, small establishment with a BIG menu of salads, sandwiches, and paninis. I had the Oklahoma panini and it was AMAZING! Roast beef, pesto mayo, carmelized onions and roasted red peppers with havarti on delicious sourdough bread! We also had a great grilled cheese that comes with your choice of other amazing toppings.
All of the staff were very friendly and the limited seating indoors is augmented by outdoor seating on the sidewalk and out in the back on a patio.Great place. Amazing sandwiches and good service. Honestly, nice products. Try the San Diego panini and the lemonade ice tea. Delicioso almuerzo :)Don't know how it took me 3 yrs of living in the area to stop inside this place!
Love their sandwiches and the prices are super affordable especially for the area! My fave sandwiches are the kingston & santa monica on sourdough. My bf likes the buffalo chicken panini.
Their coffee is also tasty & affordable! You can sit inside & use the wifiThey just moved next door and I was really happy with everything and the price was very reasonable.  Could probably use a little more staff on a busy Sunday morning but I am sure they are still getting familiar with the new location.  Great start and great to have such a quality place so close by.Only have gotten sandwiches, but always happy.  In love with the multigrain bread!  Excited about the longer hours.I honestly wish I could make it to Fairmount more often for breakfast, especially since it has places like Rybread. Actually, it's probably a good thing that my neighborhood doesn't have an equivalent, because this is where I'd be spending my money every morning.
In my case I'd be buying the OBX and a coffee every day. One is a delightful breakfast sandwich that's more satisfying than most full brunches in the area. The other is freshly brewed and rich, the way a bagel and sandwich shop should make it.This is 4-star review only because I've only been here once.  The sandwiches are fantastic -- no substitutions or special orders necessary.  We ordered the Santa Monica (BLT with avocado) and the Rybread (crab cake on brioche with chipotle mayo), and both were fantastic.  The restaurant is tiny but cheerful, and it was a great warm stop after our Eastern State Penitentiary tour (unheated, but also, yes, fantastic).  This would also be a great alternative to the museum cafes, I think, as it's not far from the art museum -- and worth the walk.Flavorful, filling sandwiches and Route 11 chips make this a great place to grab a quick lunch to go. Very limited seating, although there is some extra space in the back on a patio. All of the sandwiches are named after various cities, so it is fun to think about different places and travels. We enjoyed the San Diego and the Santa Monica, but could easily see returning to run through the menu. This restaurant isn't going to change your life, but it is going to leave you satisfied. Excellent choice if you are visiting the Eastern State Penitentiary.Yay Rybread. Thank you for coming to Fairmount Street. We definitely needed some more options for quick breakfast / lunch beyond the uber slow/expensive/crowded Mugshots! 
I had a salad with chicken, pesto, sundried tomatoes and it was great. My friends had sandwiches and paninis and those looked delicious too. We split a large chocolately cookie that was heavenly. I'm now just want to try breakfast. Someone here said it's the best coffee in the neighborhood! Looking forward to finding out.I'm pretty excited to have discovered this year-old family owned sandwich shop in my neighborhood. Rybread has a really great origin story which makes me want to support them even more. The sandwiches are delicious and made with care. The only downside to customers is that there are often lines. If you are willing to stand outside or in the slim hallway to wait 10 or so minutes for your breakfast or lunch sandwich then I highly recommend Rybread!love this neighborhood sandwich joint. currently trying all the sandwiches which have never disappointed. the philadelphian and savannah sandwiches are my favorites thus far.Delicious food, friendly staff, and great atmosphere! It is a bit tight, but it's worth the wait!I ordered a bagel with cream cheese. The problem was the spread of cream cheese was so thin you could see through it. It tasted like a dry bagel. It was awful. When you want a bagel with cream cheese you want to taste the cream cheese. With so many bagel places in Philly I'd never go back there again. So here's the thing, if you go cheap and try to save a few pennies on cream cheese, then the sandwich tastes awful, people will never go back, and they will give you bad reviews. Why wouldn't you try to make a great bagel that people will come back for? Really disappointed.Good selection of sandwiches but the tastes (at least the few I tested) were just okay. Nothing too special.Great iced coffee...Good sandwiches but not filling. The last two times I went the sandwiches were so small I left hungry. For the price I feel like there are other better sandwich options in the neighborhood.Great egg sandwiches and pleasant little back door patio. Staff was especially welcoming. The mint ice tea was delicious.I bought a jar of homemade peanut butter here and it was one of the best unexpected things I have ever eaten in my life. I are the whole jar in a weekend! My sandwich was also great but I will be back for the peanut butterI seriously just signed up for yelp just to write a review for this place. Some of the best sandwiches I've had in a long time. Everything was delicious. I don't think I will order another sandwich from anywhere in the Fairmount area again. Why bother?? I'm delightfully surprised at how good these sandwiches are. Soup was great too!! The only thing they forgot was napkins in the to-go bag, but I aint even mad at em!!!!!Fabulous bagels because they put the seeds on BOTH sides.  Also the best veggie cream cheese I've ever had in my life.  
My only complaint:  if you order 6 bagels you expect to come home with 6 bagels, not 5.I'm a big, big fan of RyBread.  I can't give it 5 stars, however - the lack of indoor seating (and my apparently crummy timing) prevents me from  singing from the hilltops.  Without fail, whenever I go, the room is full and I am forced to take my delicious sandwich out.  I can't wait til spring when I can sit out back in their lovely patio area.
Moving on!  This place is great for Fairmount. It's family-owned (and the family is SO NICE), the ingredients are fresh and delicious, the coffee is tasty, and everything is just... NOM. It's good. My personal fave - the Santa Fe Panini (portobello, onions, zucchini, pesto) with provolone cheez.  Wow. 
I will say that the service goes an awful long way here. I am always treated great, and I'm only an occasional customer. Good going, RyBread - keep it up, and take over the insurance office next door so you can expand your indoor seating. :)Huge selection of sandwiches made to order.  Pretty fresh good ingredients.  Friendly staff.  But, why the hell does it take 15 - 30 minutes to make a sandwich?  The whole reason we want to get sandwiches to go is because we are on the go and want something quick.  We still get food at this place but know we have to call an order in 20 minutes ahead of time.
They have tons of staff behind the counter.  They move at a hipster stoner snail pace.  They would do much better to have two people who can multi-task and work their butts off.  Making sandwiches should not take that long.Friendliest staff. 
Most delicious Thanksgiving between two incredibly flavorful slices of whole grain bread sandwich I've ever had. Trust, the Plymouth will change your life. 
Best, and biggest, chocolate cupcake with peanut butter frosting around. 
Coffee, both hot and iced, is the perfect balance of acidity, flavor, and texture.
My only complaint, the scones. While flavor is always great (though the jalapeno-laden ones could have smaller pieces of pepper), the interior is often... gummy? Maybe the batter is over mixed? Maybe it contains too much liquid? I don't know. But regardless, I will - and have - continue to eat them. A lot.Delicious soups and sandwiches! Not much seating but worth waiting a few minutes for a seat. The roasted red pepper with smoked Gouda soup and Tucson sandwich were delicious! Friendly staff and cozy setting. Glad we stumbled on it after touring Eastern State Penitentiary!after a fairly brutal race on kelly drive, my dude and i stopped here to pick up some food to bring home. first, i'm completely embarrassed that i live in this neighborhood and NEVER KNEW IT EXISTED. i asked the super friendly lady behind the counter how long they had been open and she was like "oh, about two years?" and i was all
: l
i'm usually a mugshots girl (their whoopie pies are out of this world) but. as much as i enjoy them, they can be a little...pricey. so when we saw this place we decided to give 'em a try and i'm so glad we did. there are a few tables outside, and some more seating inside but we were getting it to go so, yeah. 
allow me to inform you of the absolute best cinnamon raisin bagel i have EVER HAD IN MY LIFE. seriously, i have never tasted anything like it. i was crazy hungry from the race and when we got home i unpacked the food and was delighted to find a frisbee sized bagel. then i was...double delighted to discover that it was as delicious as it was big (twss). i still can't describe what made it different from all the other cinnamon raisin bagels i have known and loved but you should just trust me. try one. 
we got a coffee cake muffin to split and that was pretty good, dude got a sausage egg and cheese and enjoyed it as well. we'll definitely be going back.I'm updating this since trying the infamous "RyBread" sandwich with the crabcake and chipotle mayo on a potato roll bun.  Not just great for a sandwich, but great in general.  I'm already wishing I got a second one for lunch tomorrow.  Fantastic.
Anyway, I was too harsh the first time around.  Obviously not every sandwich is gonna be great like this one- there will be hits and misses- but this one knocked it out of the park.  Plus, the San Diego panini is bangin', with roasted red peppers and pesto.
Also, the homemade chocolate cupcake with peanut butter icing was awesome.
I've been here enough in the past week to decide that it's definitely worth a 4 star rating, especially since every cashier I've encountered greets you with a smile.
As for the wait times, I barely waited tonight since it was a Tuesday so I'll remember to avoid this place on a sunny Saturday afternoon if I don't wanna wait forever.Small local café.  Wish their space was slightly larger or with a different layout so that they can accommodate more seating indoors.  It's too cold to be eating outdoors!  I guess they intend for everything to be ordered to-go.  I had the Denver ("chicken salad with walnuts, grapes, greens, served on multi-grain bread"), a good sized sandwich, but it really needed more grapes.  The whole sandwich probably had two grapes so the chicken salad was overall very dry.  My fiancé had the New York ("corn beef with swiss, sauerkraut, russian dressing, served on marble rye") which he really enjoyed.Stopped in for a sandwich on a Sunday morning with a friend. Very busy so we sat at the breakfast bar that overlooks the kitchen. When our paninis came out they were both completely BURNT. It was terrible. Green machine smoothie was ok but not worth $5. Very overpriced for low quality food. Two sandwiches and a smoothie cost $25 and it was only the sandwich, no sides at all. I will not being going back. Very disappointed.Is good, not the best. Live around the corner so it's convenient. I love their egg sandwich with sausage. I ordered a Smoothie  recently wasn't very good.. i think they just added too much ice because it tasted like peanut butter water lol, I felt too bad to return it though.Ridiculously awesome breakfast! The food is amazing, the staff hilarious and warm and the location inviting. Check out the sister restaurant Rybread down the street.Dropped in today at 35 weeks pregnant; my unborn child and I were rewarded with a very delicious Denver (chicken salad, grapes, walnuts, lettuce) and a decent chocolate-peanut-butter cupcake (frosting was great; cake part less of a knockout). Glad to see on the website that they deliver for lunch; I might take advantage of this in a few weeks when leaving the house is too overwhelming. Looking forward to trying more of the sandwich options and introducing husband and the baby to Rybread soon!I loveeeee this place. Not only are their sandwiches and salads delicious and reasonably priced, but they are efficient AND their staff is extremely friendly. Everyone who works there is smiling, happy, and accommodating. This is a great breakfast/lunch spot.Try sitting out back for a quieter squat.  Decent prices. Good sammiches. Many, many sammiches! And I dug the Route 11 chips they served. Not many places have capicola twixt their bread.Stopped at this place before the Philadelphia Museum. Its a cute place with great selections of sandwich, scones, and etc. I'm absolutely in love with their crab cake sandwich with chipotle mayo!! Found my new fav place to go to!!I love Rybread!! They have so many delicious sandwiches, inspired by all different destinations in America. It's one of my favorite places for breakfast or lunch. The sandwiches have awesome interesting combinations of ingredients and flavors. Last time I went I got a ham and cheese sandwich with honey mustard and apples, probably the best ham and cheese I've ever had. My bf got a crab cake sandwich that was so fresh tasting and well seasoned. Best crab cake sandwich in Philly! Rybread is small and cozy, extremely inviting and has a great outdoor patio outback. The staff are so friendly and helpful. They also have awesome muffins and other baked goods. We got a carrot cake muffin that had some of the best icing I had ever tasted. Rybread is at the very top of my list of favorite breakfast/lunch places.Good food, good coffee.  Ordered the New York panini (corned beef, sauerkraut, swiss, russian dressing on marble rye) and it was delicious.  Great for my South American sandwhich & coffee breakfast before hitting the art museum.Had a delicious Santa Monica on multigrain. Menu has a good selection. Many not so common drinking options too.  Nice atmosphere and friendly staff.This place blew my mind with how great the food is and the variety of options and yet such a small store! 
The people working were smiling even though they were backed up and hecka busy. They still seemed genuinely interested in what we wanted and delivered with class. 
Seriously impressed at this cute and quaint place. 
Oh, and their iced coffee was delicious.I've been here twice and have tried the baked goods, a salad, and the Santa Fe sandwich; all were great.  I hate bread that is over-toasted but here my sandwich was toasted to a perfect thin layer of crispiness. I got a brownie that was in a muffin cup and it had that great crinkly layer on top as well as chocolate chunks.  
The shop is small and cute with outdoor seating.  I wish there was more indoor seating since it's getting colder.This place is definitely my go to coffee spot in Fairmount.  They have good coffee and awesome sandwiches!!! I usually frequent there for breakfast on the weekends.  The bagels are always so fresh....they remind me of great NY bagels.  
My only complaint is that at times there is a wait.  I now usually call ahead so it's ready when I get there.  I would definitely recommend Rybread over Smugshots any day!I am fortunate enough to live half way between Rybread and its sister establishment Rybrew.  Not only is the food consistently excellent, but the owner and staff are friendly and accommodating.  My "go-to" place for a great lunch.Feeling compelled to try Fairmount's new hot spot, Rybread, I was pleasantly surprised and glad to see a good amount of patrons waiting to get their rybread on! Overwhelmed by the chalkboard detailing all of the awesome ingredients they use, I opted for employee suggestions; ham, egg and cheese on rye for me and a multigrain toasted bagel with tomato's and veggie cream cheese for my wife. My theory has always been that employee's know what's best on the menu and if you're trying a new place for the first time, you might as well leave it up to the experts. Fortunately, Ryan Pollock was the expert today and he steered me down the path of enlightenment! What I ordered today wasn't out of the ordinary and I could have probably gotten it at any coffee shop, but these guys know how to make good sandwiches. 
My happiness didn't end there. Rybread is a family-run business and it's obvious that they all care about it's success. With mom waiting on customers, Ryan making sandwiches and his sister stocking the shelves (and grabbing me a Rybread t-shirt), I can't help but believe that this place will be around for a very, very long time. 
For my next visit, I'm going for the Rybread special - crab cake, greens, tomato and chipotle mayo.Amazing sandwich selection!
Also, good iced coffee. 
They have a back patio that provides more seating. :)Like everyone else I was super happy with this place. My boyfriend and I stopped in before going to the Penitentiary and the food was soooooo good. I think just about anything you get here would be fine and you can check into Yelp for a free coffee in the late afternoon. I can see why all the locals stop in for lunch. There is some outdoor seating so we took advantage of that. Also, there are a lot of hipsters that come in given that this is the art district.Maybe they were just in a lull when I wrote my original review. They're back on top of their game!Totally delicious and filling. Great for a meal pre or post art museum!My wife and I went in mid-afternoon on a weekday. Rybread was one of the few places in the neighborhood open in that awkward not-yet-dinner but definitely-after-lunch time of day.
Food: As a vegetarian option, I enjoyed a grilled cheese with pick-my-own ingredients. My wife had one of the club-like sandwiches. It was all okay, but nothing to go out of the way for.
Service and atmosphere: what it looks like. Friendly staff in a cramped awkwardly arranged coffee house-with-sandwiches ambiance.
If that was all, I'd give Rybread 3 stars... 
BUT... they lose a star because they refused to provide tap water. I don't think customers should be charged for water with a meal and I certainly am not going to pay for environmentally unfriendly plastic-bottled water!Great sandwich spot in Fairmount! Affordable and tons of options and everything tastes fresh. As a vegetarian I had tons of options! I'd highly recommend the panini rolls especially the Sante Fe. Or build your own.One good sandwich (the "Hollywood"), one horrible sandwich (buffalo chicken panini) the latter of which turned out to be lunch meat with some buffalo sauce.  Out back patio?  Really, you call it that?  Yuck.  Service?  We said we'd be out on the patio.  20 minutes later we come in to find out where our sandwiches are and they are calling our name -- no service even if they know where you are.
I wouldn't go back.A fabulous Yelp find after apt hunting in the area with the hubby. We were overwhelmed with the amount of options on the menu so decided to go half-sies on a Philadelphia (genoa salami. hot cappi. prosciutto. sharp provolone, greens. tomato. onions. vinaigrette, served on a ciabatta) and a Savannah (oven roasted turkey breast. brie. whole cranberry sauce. mayo, on multi-grain bread).
I thought I was clearly going to win by choosing the Philadelphia in Philly...duh?...but not so much. The Savannah surprised me with it's Thanksgiving dessert self, giving me both salty and sweet, it felt more like a 3 PM snack than a lunch menu item, but I really could not put it down! Especially since it was warm and gooey from being toasted. 
The Philadelphia was everything I had hoped for and MORE! First of all, the thing is pretty big and meaty. This no nonsense sandwich is the stuff mob movies are made of, after one bite, my North Jersey accent was thick and I had a slither of prosciutto hanging from my lip. EY, whatta ya looking at???
We were both really content with lunch having satisfied all aspects of our pallete. We ordered coffees to continue our apartment search and I was thankful for a nice strong brew! Rybread is a fabulous find, with even outside seating!What a delicious sandwich shop!!
Yes, it's small, but I think that's what makes it charming. On nicer days, you can sit out front or back and there were plenty of tables available the last time I was there. 
Rybread is a typical bagel, coffee, lunch spot that is staffed with super friendly workers. Their cupcakes are enormous and the coffee is HOT (be careful!). I got the grilled cheese panini and it was just as tasty as I had hoped. My friend got a salad that came in a fun box and she said that it hit the spot. 
If you're looking for a quick and easy place to eat lunch the next time you're in the Fairmount area, check out Rybread! Eat a cupcake for me since they looked delicious but I abstained due to my desire to trim my waistline....despite the grilled cheese panini.I really enjoyed my lunch at Rybread today. I ordered the "Rybread" which was: (As defined by their website) crab cake, greens. tomato and  chipotle mayo served on a sandwich bun. (Kind of a buttery roll, like they have at Chick-Fil-A. LOL) 
If you love Crabcakes, you'll love this sandwich!! A little spicy, but delicious all the same! I ordered a mango iced tea, chips, and a carrot cupcake for dessert.
Rybread is not cheap, as can be expected of restaurants in the Art Museum area, but the place is cute, the staff is friendly and you'll love your food.Love love love Rybread! Their lunch sandwiches are amazing, particularly the Napa (get it grilled and add prosciutto).  Their breakfast sandwiches are huge and a perfect hangover or post-gym meal!  The staff is so friendly too.  I hope that they someday expand or open a second location - it's a tiny little joint and they seem to be doing really well! I took off one star because service can be pretty slow. The place gets PACKED on weekends, and they occasionally run out of a particular kind of bagel and everything gets backed up.Absolutely love this place! If my husband and I get up early enough on the weekends, we usually order a bagel with egg, cheese, and turkey sausage (delicious!). If we don't get going until after noon, then it's a Tucson for me and a San Antonio for him. Everybody who work there are always friendly and I haven't had a bad experience. Yes, it can get crowded and you may have to wait, but there's a reason the line is long!Hands down the best place to go for sandwiches in the area. The quality and menu options are so much better  than if you were to go to one of the corner delis or pizza places. 
I've tried the breakfast sandwich w/egg + pork roll, Austin, San Fran, and Denver. The Denver has been my favorite so far. I love chicken salad but hate when its swimming in mayo and dill. So glad this definitely was not the case here!I had lunch here after seeing the new Van Gogh exhibit at the Art Museum. 
I had the turkey sandwich with cranberry and brie. Not only was it delicious, and served on a nice roll, but the staff was so nice! 
They have a great menu, are dog friendly during the warm months, and have a great atmosphere! 
My friend loved her sandwich and scone... Overall a great place to go for lunch!Had the Alexandria which tasted great. Highly recommend this place for a good sandwich.Excellent scones but bagels are often disappointing...how can you not make sure your bagels are fresh....The free coffee check-in offer is only valid in the evening and they WILL NOT honor it earlier. Unfortunately. But the Rybread sandwich is hella delicious.Ordered a sandwich over the phone was told 10-15min so I show up in 10min only to watch them give my sandwich away to some lady who was at the front of the line. He even said my name and I watched the lady say "no but I'll take it if it's a San Diego" so then I walk up and say did you just call my name? He says yeah I just gave it to her cause you weren't at the front of the line. I go to this and your other location on Girard a lot! Someone needs to teach the kids you have working there a little customer service and respect for the people coming in to support a business he works at. I walked across the street and bought a cheese steak cause RyBread put a bad taste in my mouth. Thanks for nothing..THIS REVIEW IS FOR FAIRMOUNT FOOD CRAWL ONLY
SPOT 2 *Non Alcoholic Option
This ended up being our secondary spot of the trip, mostly because it was located next to the one we thought was going to be number two.. anywho..
Offerings - BBQ Pulled Pork Sandwich / Pulled Pork Bahn Mi / Beverages - Iced Tea + Lemonade (separately.. No AP here.)
Overall the food was decent.  The pork slider was tasty but I cringed at the $3/piece price tag.  The bahn mi was a decent enough side but, IMO, cried out for a bit of vinegar punch to the vegetable salad garnish.  No liquor here, so thirsts were quenched with iced tea and lemonade, which we passed.My mom and I popped in here after visiting the Philadelphia Art Museum for a quick bite + coffee.  No frills shop, very tiny, with about 3 tables outside and 3 inside.  Ordered an ice coffee and also a San Francisco sandwich to share.  Coffee was fairly strong, and the sandwich was not bad, but kind of greasy.  It feels like I ordered the wrong thing though based on reviews here though..
Definitely not a bad spot to stop by if you're in the area and looking for a quick sandwich, but I wouldn't come out of my way either.  I like that they name all of their sandwiches after America's cities though, that was a super cute touch.After finishing up a job at the Zoo I looked for some Yelp guidance on where to eat.  There are a plethora of great eatery's in this area. I needed to grab a sandwich quick so Rybread fit what I was looking for.  Its tight inside but not too bad.  
I couldn't decide on the Philly or Charlotte so I had the guy at the counter pick.  He went with the Philly and I really enjoyed it.  The bread was fresh and they piled the meat high,  The oil and vinegar had a sweet taste to it and they put on just the right amount.  
The only negative was that I didn't cash in my free coffee for checking in. It was about 80 outside and I wasn't up for a warm drink.Love the new location! There is much more room than in the old location to wait for your order and the seating area is much larger. The staff is friendly and accommodating.I had been going to the old location a number of times. Ordered a Roast Beef sandwich for myself and a Rachel (Reuben with turkey instead of corned beef) also. Picked up the order and when I came home. The Rachel was burned to a crisp. Went back and an associate said she would remake it. Went home and open it to find it with corned beef. Went back again to have it remade yet again
The roast beef was dry and small. No bold flavors and I found it to be quite plain. Will definitely be trying other sandwich places in the area instead. Service is very slow.My go-to for a quick sandwich/panini. Since the first time I went to rybread I was always greeted with a smile and by first name. The staff is very friendly and nice.
Breakfast sandwiches are always ammzin and they will customize anything you want. My personal favorites are the San Diego and Buffalo paninis.  There aren't many sandwich shops that offer gourmet cheeses and toppings like rybread offers.This was my first time visiting Philly and I just happened to go into this cute place that turned out to have amazing sandwiches! I would definitely come back here if I visit Philly againRyebread is adorable and scrumptious! They have great service- The woman behind the counter was extremely helpful when I asked for a recommendation and the food came out super quick.
I got the crab cake sandwich, chips and an ice tea.  The crab cake was perfectly balanced with a little bed of mesclun greens, tomato and a delightfully buttery bun. I would eat this every week if I could. 
I highly recommend this place for a delicious lunch with a great environment.Great little place with a lot of good healthy sandwiches. They also have a dozen flavors of iced tea,  which is my favorite drink.  And they serve breakfast until 12 so that's great too!love Ry Bread!
love that they accept level up!
love that they deliver to work!
favorite sandwiches - sedona (add bacon and apple, you won't regret it!), denver, and charlotte.  you can't go wrong with the soups!The menu is extensive, with over 15 sandwiches that are standard, then add on some salads, soup and all of the daily special sandwiches - the variety is astounding for such a small counter-top kitchen. 
Enter the Buffalo panini: buffalo blazing chicken, gorgonzola OR mozzarella, shredded carrot, chipotle mayo on baguette OR brioche. This thing was oozing with the creamy combination of melted gorgonzola and chipotle mayo spread - both of which were in great abundance. The flavors were spot-on, with the sweet brioche and shredded carrots balancing out the tangy gorgonzola and spicy, tender chicken. Oh, the chicken. It wasn't shredded, it wasn't chunks of knife-sliced breasts, it was lunchmeat - paper thin ripples of layered buffalo chicken that melted deliciously into the rest of the ingredients, and into my mouth.
Need I say more? 
I didn't think so.How is is that Fairmount is the only neighborhood in Philly that adores mediocrity? This is one of the great examples of how a less-than-acceptable place is given props, but much better places are routinely ignored.
The design of the place first and foremost makes ordering a sandwich an ordeal. The counter and kitchen are clearly not designed by anyone who has any restaurant experience. The inefficiencies of design mean that a simple order can take twenty minutes to fulfill. If they are busy (which is often, since they can't serve their clientele efficiently , just having three people in line creates chaos).
The food itself is uniformly mediocre. Soft and flavorless. Pretty much every sandwich I have had is just about the same.  This is food for people who grew up in suburbia.This fairly new addition to Fairmount has quickly become a neighborhood staple.  Why?  Because they got it right.  Great, fresh, and interesting sandwiches, super-friendly owners and staff, nice atmosphere and decor.  Not to mention a great location.  (A very welcome alternative to the long line and wait time at Mugshots, especially when you're ordering food, and especially on the weekends!)  Ryan and his family run a great little sandwich shop...keep it up!Cheap,really good paninis! It's hard to find sandwiches under $8. Staff was friendly and the place was clean.When you walk somewhere in a polar vortex just to get a sandwich, I would say that place makes a pretty good sambo.
I tried the San Antonino in my first visit and it was delicious. They have so many sandwiches to chose from. My goal is to conqueror them all. Easier said then done.
Lots of tasty off bear drink products and chips. Didn't even think about dessert because I was so full.
Support this place!Slow slow slow. Multiple people who ordered after me left before me and even finished their meals before I received my order. Not worth the wait.Great Fairmount spot. If I'm in the area and can't think of a place to go to for lunch, then I'll go here. 
Prices are good for any sandwich you get here. My favorite is the Ryebread. It's loaded with crab meat and the chipotle mayo makes it even tastier and has a nice kick to it. The San Diego is a nice one too--nice combo of chicken breast, pesto, provolone, and roasted red peppers
Not a lot of seating, but there's a nice seating area in the back and a couple tables out in the front.
Tons of sandwiches and other goodies to choose from, making it hard for the indecisive.Yum Yummy Sammys of all kinds!
The staff was friendly, the menu diverse, and no qualms about "holds" on stuff i didn't want on my sandwich.  Plus, bacon makes everything better, so don't hold that one, ok?
I stopped by because I was in the neighborhood and remembered how yummy the sample was at a previous Yelp event, so I went in for a simple dinner being out and about and not feeling like cooking that evening.
My sandwich was great, and my BF loved the soft bread and had no complaints either (except, hmmm I don't see any bacon on MY sandwich ... honey I have no idea what you are talking about wink wink)
Everything tasted fresh and good quality meats, which is a must for a good sandwich.  I didn't stay to eat, but the environment looked small and cozy.  Thanks for the pix, fellow Yelper next time I will have to see that additional seating spot they have.
Otherwise, very good sandwich!I purchased a breakfast sausage, egg, & cheese on a bagel last week, but those are fairly standard across the board IMO. The iced coffee was good, not overly bitter. What made this 4 stars was the sandwich I tried for lunch. I purchased the Philadelphia: salami, capicola, prosciutto, cheese, lettuce, tomato, onion, salt, pepper, oil, on a sour dough bread. The kicker was the cheese. Sharp provolone. With the sour dough, it added the perfect tang to contrast with good layer of deli meat and veggies. Though the overall sandwich wasn't huge like a hoagie, it is definitely something I would buy again and again.  And with a drink, the total was under $10 for a very delicious lunch.Terrible assembly line set up...had to wait 15 minutes just to order and there is zero room inside to wait.   Waited another 20 minutes for a toasted bagel with cream cheese at which I had to ask to just give me the bagel and cream cheese on the side and I will toast it myself at home.  They have 4 people working the kitchen, one handles the tickets and starts a sandwich or salad while the other two stare at her and wait...what they are waiting for is beyond me.   The 4th person was in charge of drinks which kept her busy about 1 minute out of every 7 minutes per order.  Each person should handle one order.   It would go by so much quicker.    Ive been to the busiest bagel shops in NYC and they have you in and out in 5 minutes.    This was by far one of the most poorly run kitchens in this neighborhood.   If you are hungry and its a Saturday or Sunday afternoon I would suggest going elsewhere down on Fairmount Ave.What a lovely place. Came here on a good weather Saturday afternoon after weeks of cold weather and snow. It looked like more of a take out place to me. We got a table on the sidewalk so that was great. I love people watching. I ordered the Thai chicken salad and husband ordered Austin salad. You can tell we're trying to eat healthy. Food comes in to go boxes so it's easy to just take leftovers with you. Both the salads came with shredded chicken and dressings on the side. Food was fresh and serving size was perfect. They have multiple flavors to go with fresh ice tea. Will definitely come back. By the way, they're moving soon so make sure you go to the new location which is in fairmount area only.Perfect spot or a quick bite. Eat in or take it out to a nearby park. Food is always delicious and speedy. The atmosphere is welcoming and friendly. I come here for lunch or an early dinner all of the time and I am never disappointed!The San Antonio sandwich is awesome! It has wasabi sauce (at least taste like it) and tastes so good.I love this place!  It's small and seating can be bit tough at peak times, but it's great gem in the heart of Fairmount.  I get sick of eating the standard boring, sandwiches with cold cuts and lettuce tomato and onion that most sandwich/hoagie shops serve up.  So, I really like the well designed creations at RyBread.
My favorites are the Savannah (it's like Thanksgiving leftovers on a sandwich), Philadelphia (i's like an italian hoagie, but different).   Their specials are usually really good too... especially anything with pulled pork in it! The ingredients are fresh, service is friendly.  This has become one of my favorite places to grab lunch during the week.I've wanted to the this place for a while. Finally made it in today for a lox bagel sandwich. The bagel ended up being pretty yummy, but the bagel isn't as warm as I wanted. Not a deal breaker though. The thing that stands out is the wait time. After I ordered, I noticed all of the people waiting around and seemingly for a while. In the end, it took 20 minutes to get this damn sandwich. And there weren't even many people waiting when I got in! Clearly a little unorganized or understaffed back there. There is also no room to wait, so I was awkwardly sitting on the window ledge, trying to not get smacked in the face by the door every time a patron entered or exited. 
I'll be back, but I'm definitely ordering ahead!The food is spectacular. Absolutely delicious sandwiches and lots of choices. The syrups they throw in the iced teas are wonderful, especially the Mojito Mint. 
The outdoor seating is deceiving. It is always too hot or too cold to sit out there, so it's basically a waste. In the summer, you only hear the loud air conditioner and there is no wind to cool off the area. The inside has all of three tables, but there's usually so much turnover that you can find a seat. There are two nice outdoor tables in the front right on Fairmount that are great for people watching and dog petting. 
Free and unlimited WiFi!
Overall, a very good sandwich shop with decent prices.I haven't been to the new location yet. The old one was awesome. It also was in an area where there is very little. So it's a little disappointing it moved. However I don't live over there anymore so what do I care? I'm sure it's better for the business. 
The sandwich's are really awesome.This place has quickly become a weekly tradition for my boyfriend and myself. The bagels are large and delicious, the staff is unbelievable nice, I like the decor and now they have blinds so you don't boil if you chose to eat inside. They have an awesome out door patio which is a wonderful place to sit and eat in the fall. All of their sandwiches sound delicious and I like that they are named after cities. And most importantly it is affordable and well worth the money spent. 
Definitely the sandwich spot on Fairmount!I love Rybread! This is one of my favorite sandwich shops in Philly. I have yet to have a bad sandwich or salad here. Worst thing about this place is trying to decide which sandwich to get. My favorite was their Oklahoma special. DELICIOUS. Roast beef with pesto mayo, caramelized onions and red peppers. Heaven in your mouth. I hope they permanently add it to the menu. Their cupcakes also look amazing.I will be back to try one or two!My and my girlfriend went to ryebread after museum visit.
It was great when you walked in and the staff greeted you nicely. Cute blackboard for the menu, we got a santa fe sandwich pressed and a pound cake cupcake. They are really good! I am sure we will be back to try other sandwiches.Rybread offers a variety of tasty sandwiches. The atmosphere is nice, but small. When living in Fairmount I frequented it often. The only reason I am would say 4 instead of 5 stars is because the wait is long and the iced coffee is iffy. If you like Rybread you are sure to love Rybrew, located on Girard. Rybrew has the same menu, beer, and a larger space.Uh, guys....what? I don't get it.
Have read all these rave reviews for a while and decided to finally check it out. I got a turkey sausage, egg, and cheese on an everything bagel, figuring 1) people had said good things about it and 2) sausage/egg/cheeses have a high margin of error so was probably a safe bet. Felt like chewing on a soggy cardboard box. The bagel was stale and bready, the cheese was a cold, kraft singles-type slice (it didn't even melt on my sandwich), and the turkey sausage was paper thin (I couldn't even taste it). I really cannot emphasize how tasteless of a sandwich this was. I drowned it in ketchup to make it through.
Fortunately, it wasn't pricey ($5), but the rest of their sandwiches were. For 8-10 bucks, you can get some way better stuff elsewhere.Great place but too often out of various types of breeds. Out of bagels on a Sunday morning. Out of rolls for sandwiches.Delicious sandwiches with quality ingredients in a cute neighborhood setting is really all I need to say. BUT I'll go on...
At 12:30pm on a Sunday Rybread was packing them in. They only have three two tops inside, scarce standing room and four tables outside the front. They also have an outdoor patio, but I'm not sure if it was open in the winter months.
I substituted the Tuscon (panini with turkey, Swiss, onions, chipotle mayo) with tomatoes instead of onions, and it was mmm. The chipotle mayo really sent it over the top, and I think when tomatoes are in season it would be really killer. The boyfriend got the Philadelphia: salami, capicola, prosciutto, sharp provolone, greens, tomatoes, onions, salt, pepper and oil. This bad boy was delicious, piled with a working man's portion of meat, and served on a really fresh ciabatta. Sooo tasty with absolutely no need for mayo (and you'll rarely hear that sentiment from me). The boyfriend's only complaint was that the menu said "greens" and it came with plain old iceberg lettuce, which I agree was a bummer. I can't wait to try the Santa Fe, San Francisco, the San Antonio and the Alexandria. Oh crap, I want them all.
Tips: They don't do water in a glass, only bottled water (and other bottled and hot cafe drinks). They told about a five people when I was there that they were too late because breakfast ends at noon, so watch the clock!Great food, cool small place. Nice staff. My buffalo chicken sandwich, which was sliced chicken, was great.I've ordered just about everything on the menu, I can't find anything to complain about the sandwiches.  That Tuscan Panini is stellar, girlfriend likes the salads.  Not crazy about their cookies / brownies, I'm not huge on sweets but if that's your thing Ryebread KNOWS how to pile chocolate onto a cookie.Great sandwiches/ salads, friendly staff/service and reasonable price. What more can u ask for? Their Santa Monica sandwich and Santa Fe are my favorites, and Rybread(the one with crab cake in chipotle mayo) close third. I like their breakfast croissant sandwiches too. I love to pick them up early in the morning when we are travelling. Coffee could do some improvement, but can't really say that's a complaint. Great place!We were very excited when Ry finally opened and I can say 2 years later I am still happy to have them in the hood. I don't come here often because I don't buy coffee often but when I do they are my preferred choice. I love that they offer soy milk, agave and simple syrup as sugar and cream options without a charge. They are always busy on the weekend, so if you want a sandwich on a croissant or not to wait its best to call your order in. The bagels they serve their sandwiches are very tasty.First thing I said when I bit into their cranberry orange scone was "goddamn that's a good scone!" I never usually mess with breakfast but this place might just change my mind.Unfortunately I couldn't try the sandwiches, so this review is incomplete. The coffee had a slightly burnt taste but still better than chain places. Also, the blueberry scone was very good and went especially well with coffee. Outdoor seating is pleasant too.ehh... A-OK.  My wife and I recently went to check this place out.  We honestly couldn't give it more than 3 stars.. Everything was decent but I can find better sandwiches in s. philly.  If I'm ever around here again Ill give it another go, it just didn't do anything for me....but not terrible either by any means.I live in the neighborhood, but for some reason never stopped in until today, and I am SO glad I did. I grabbed a sandwich and an iced coffee to go (specifically, the Tuscan Panini +tomato, +avocado, +bacon *sub pepperjack.) The guy behind the counter was very friendly, and accommodating. My boyfriend and I split the sandwich and both of us were dumbfounded on how delicious it was. While we were eating it, he made the point that a ton of sandwich places attempt this sandwich, but somehow it was never quite this good. All of the ingredients were fresh and tasty. I can't wait to go back and try more from their menu!Had a killer lunch on a Saturday afternoon. Nice little spot on Fairmount st. Patio seating as well as some indoor spots. We all ordered paninis. Everyone loved their meal. I had the special - jerk chicken. I substituted the provolone for sharp provolone. Great sandwich. Gf had the San Diego. Chicken, sharp provolone, roasted red pepper and pesto. Served on a panini roll. Also very good. We will definitely go back to try more! Eat it!Rybread has the best bagel sandwich in Philadelphia, hands down.   Living in Center City for several years, I was constantly disappointed by every bagel I tried from almost every shop in the area (I know, poor me).  Then I moved to Fairmount and we found Rybread...finally a great bagel!  While the bagels made me fall in love with this quaint shop, it's the smiling, friendly staff, solid coffee and unbelievable salads and sandwiches made on bread freshly baked on premises that have made this a successful long term relationship.  Do yourself a favor and check them out.  They stop serving breakfast at noon and if you go on a weekend morning, you may have to wait 10 or 15 minutes for your food because they can get busy.  Or call ahead and they'll have your food ready when you get there.  Trust me, you won't be disappointed!Just discovered this place. It is awesome! I have only ever been here for breakfast but have never been disappointed. Phenomenal  bagel sandwiches -I highly recommend adding avocado to your selection, always fresh and delicious. The staff is also very friendly and the service is quick! Great coffee as well.The service was friendly, the coffee tasty and the prices very reasonable.  I had a croissant with nutella that was out of this world.  We were able to snag one of two outside tables which was pleasant to enjoy dining al fresco on a cool summer morning. Pet friendly and kid friendly makes this a nice neighborhood spot that we will be back to.Came here for a quick lunch before I started moving. There was a few people in the shop but they had already ordered. The wait time for my food was around 10 minutes. As I watched the staff prepare the food, they seems to have a good handle on the sand which ingredients and making sure that customers had short waits. 
My food was very filling and fresh. I would definitely go there again.This is a nice little place located in the Art District in Philadelphia.  It has a little sign that is easily missed if you aren't paying attention.  Otherwise it is a cozy little spot that has those city bikes that can be rented.  
In terms of the location, it is small and can be difficult to get seating espeicially since the inside only sits about 8 people whereas the outside sits another 8.  However since it is so humid and hot, it is crucial to enjoy the food in an enjoyable environment.  They serve all types of breakfast items from croissants, donuts, and sandwiches to teas and milks.  The menu is a little difficult to follow and read since it is on a chalk board and has barely any spacing in between menu items.  The people that work there are fantastic and very friendly.  They were nice enough to give me suggestions when I wasn't sure what was good.  I got the croissant egg and pepper jack cheese sandwich and i must admit that it was pretty satisfying.  The cheese was fully melted, the eggs were nice and fluffy, and the croissant tasted fresh.  My only quip would be that it would have been nice if the croissant had been a little crispier and toasted a little longer.  Also they only have bottled water which you have to pay (at $1.00 it's reasoable) but I would expect all restaurants to have free tap water.  Other than that I thought the food was good and I felt full and satisfied after eating here.  Whenever I am back in the area, I wouldn't mind eating here again!  Philly.Love this neighborhood staple. Always cooked to order and friendly staff.  Unfortunately I had two consecutive visits where the line was behind and mixed up the sequence of orders. 7 ot 8 people who ordered after us received their order ahead of ours, including other sandwiches that needed to be grilled. To their credit, they did recognize the error and apologize.  Dont get me wrong, good food is worthy of waiting and Rye Bread is no exception. Given the size of their kitchen they do well but seems they need a little attention here. I'd recommend more communication; you could tell the line was confused and backed up and didn't noticibly appear who was in charge of expediting. Also seemed the priority of online and dial in orders was taking priority over in person orders. Hoping to visit again soon.The Philadelphia is delicious and the coffee decent. But when i had already spent almost $10 and asked for water they said they "don't do tap water" and that I could buy bottled for another dollar. Really??? What restaurant doesn't do tap water? I found this highly annoying. That's just bad customer service. I probably won't be back, with all the other great places in Fairmount who don't hate customers.I really like this place. I have been here many times and had various sandwiches. The hummus one (the "Californian" I believe?) is a bit of a letdown but all the others I have had are quite good. The Tuscon is probably my favorite and the Napa is great too. I haven't had a salad yet, but I would bet they're pretty fresh. 
Yes, it's small here and it's a bit expensive for the price. There's no frills attached either- you're getting your sandwich wrapped and taped up whether you're dining in or not. I like the back patio option for warmer weather too. The real reason they're getting docked from me is the lack of cups with water. I hate buying bottled water and it's pretty silly that they can't just give you a cup of tap water if you're dining in. I was so thirsty yesterday, but didn't want a soda or juice either. Please get a water jug!Awesome place to grab a bite and a beer. If you're going on a weekend or during peak hours call ahead, sometimes it gets super busy. The beer selection alone is worth the trip, definitely beats any of the convenience stores in the neighborhood in both selection and price. 
The actual sandwiches are out of this world and I haven't had something I didn't love. The crab cake sandwich was solid, their specials are always great, and last but most importantly not least the San Diego is one of the best sandwiches I've ever had. Definitely a go to for leisurely lunch and a beer.Came in here around lunchtime on a Saturday.. I've read about Rybread for a while now and finally was in the Art Museum area, so I wanted to see if it lived up to my expectations.
First, the menu that greets you is pretty extensive. All of the cold sandwiches and panini sound delicious- good sign! The wait was surprisingly not too bad (the staff members were friendly and polite). On a sunny day, Rybread is bright and airy, a nice super-casual-cafe-kind-of-place to get lunch.
Now, the food - Panini sandwiches are on the smaller side (around  the size of your hand and a tad bit thicker), but the cold sandwiches were stuffed to the gills. A friend and I split the San Fran and the San Antonio - it was a good choice because both were delicious and of such different taste/texture. Not sure if I would shell out for a panini again but if I were in the area, I might come for a cold sandwich.
The beverage case has nontraditional sodas. If you like your seltzer waters and non-Coca Cola drinks, you're in luck. 
Other notes
- it's a bit cramped in terms of space, so if you're waiting for food, be prepared to stand in whatever corner and clear space you find.Ryebread is a very small sandwich shop/cafe in Fairmount. It was hard to stop but when I got inside it was very cute inside! There isn't much seating so this isn't a group lunch place, better for just two. I went up to the counter and there were two people working, they were extremely friendly and welcoming!
I went in for a sandwich so I looked to the sandwich wall which listed about 20 or so different sandwiches and paninis. All of the choices were very creative and sounded extremely tasty. I chose a chicken salad sandwich and my friend chose a chicken, pesto panini. It only took about 5-10 minutes for our food to be ready which was quick considering that only one of the employees was working on the sandwiches. 
My sandwich was delicious it had chicken salad, nuts, and grapes in it (SO GOOD)! My friend's panini tasted very good as well. I'd highly reccomend gonig here for a quick lunch or a nice lunch date.Breakfast foods are on point, coffee is just OK, smoothies are really good, sandwiches aren't bad but over priced for the quality. Service is great, bumping it up to 4 stars because of that.Enjoyed a large fresh salad here. Prices seem reasonable. Staff was friendly. It had a really high yelp review so my expectations were High I guess.
It was strange that we were practically the only people in the place and they needed a name for the order. Then when we were sitting they yelled out our name. It's kind of a surreal scenario that reminded me of the Seinfeld Chinese Restaurant episode. I can understand this is efficient if it was busy, but in the moment, being the only people there it seemed a little strange.
Nice to get a free coffee for checking in here. I showed it to the waiter, she said it was only available after 4pm? but since it was 3:55PM she'd give it to me. Didn't understand that but that's fine.Gave Rybread a try after looking on Yelp for a local breakfast place near home. 
They have breakfast sandwiches, bagels and scones and such but no egg platters or omelettes. Bummer. 
I tried the bacon, egg & cheese croissant and the chocolate chip scone. 
The scone was fresh and delicious with giant morsels of choco chips. 
The croissant sandwich was also good but  not great. The croissant, although on the small side did taste light and fresh with a very light buttery taste. My only complaint were the eggs. They still tasted ok but seemed to be a liquid egg you'd buy already pre-mixed rather than freshly-whipped eggs to order or my preferred preference of fresh over easy eggs with the yolk broken to prevent and eggslosion (sic) if ya know what I mean. Manhattan Bagel has this technique down to a science.
Coffee was above average but not on par with La Colombe. 
The place is small in front. I didn't get a chance to check out the additional seating in the back patio. It was a bit cold in there as well. Based on the scant seating and uncomfortable seating, this is not a place you'd spend a lot of time in but a nice addition to the neighborhood. 
Overall a pleasant experience.Love the new location, much bigger with more seating.  It seems as though the menu is now smaller and they seem to sell out of things (bagels) quickly.  Maybe they are still adjusting ordering for the new location?  I have been twice; once I ordered an egg and sausage sandwich on a croissant and the second time I ordered the Savannah sandwich.  Both were delicious.  Service was fast and friendly.Ive been here four times now and i dont think a fifth will happen. First two times i tried to get a breakfast sandwich but was denied, once because it was 12:03 pm and they stop serving breakfast at noon. The other time i was 10 minutes after noon. 
I got a Denver (chicken salad) sandwich. Decent, a bit dry on the chicken salad. 
Next time i went i got a Savannah (turkey and brie). Took them 30 minutes to make a cold sandwich and then when i got it, it was a BLT. Eventually i got the food and it was fine, but what a waste of time. This place is a sorry excuse for a sandwich shop. Too variable and not so good service.price: fair
food: very good
ambiance: it is what it is - a very small sandwich shop.
I went to Rybread on a random saturday late morning.  Its very small inside so even a small line makes it feel cramped.  there was a decent line though, and w/ good reason--the food is good! the menu is on a blackboard. its very big and kind of hard to read but its manageable. 2 of us shared one sandwich, it had fresh mozz and pesto, balsamic glaze, some other stuff..  on a baguette. very delicious.  we sat outside at one of the few tables and nomnomnom!!  there is also a patio area out back which i discovered after the fact.  
Vegetarians listen up - they have seitan available, but I didn't know until i got to the register because it isn't advertised or noted anywhere but at the register.  By then it was too hard to re-decide what to order.....  and the line was growingggg.   the girl at the counter was patient and helpful throughout.  
Overall, i would go back if I was in the neighborhood, but not necessarily seek it out otherwise.  If you are nearby looking for a fresh and filling sandwich - - definitely give it a try!I wish I could give a 4.5 on this one. I have a special place in my heart for Rybread. They opened right after I first left Philly for the windy city. I remember returning to my old neighborhood and falling in love with their fresh bagels and delicious croissant breakfast sandwiches.
When I finally moved back to Philly, I moved a bit further up Fairmount ave for easy access to the city, but the Hollywood sandwich kept me traveling back to Rybread on a semi-regular basis.
My biggest downside is location. It's too far from the subway and the heart of the Fairmount/Spring Garden neighborhood and it's just too small. I heard they are moving up Fairmount ave a bit (which I'm hoping is true) because then this will be our go-to spot once again. Even if they don't, it's still worth the trek down to that end of Fairmount, just plan to carry out.Delicious panini and fast service. I will definitely go back the next time I am in Fairmount.They now serve dinner!  Well, sort of - they're open till 7 anyway.  And I have to say, they were VERY nice to me when I walked in at 6:57 (I'm sorry, I really wanted a sandwich!!.... and I left a nice tip!)  
The sandwiches are delicious - they have a creative menu but you can also design your own.  The desserts are delectable, I've tried the brownie and the cookie only so far.  For being more of your everyday desserts, they didn't have an everyday taste - moist and great tasting!Best scones ever!  Seriously, they're incredible. I go out of my way just to get their scones. Orange-cranberry and chocolate chip are my favorites but they have a lot more too, on a rotating basis. The sandwiches are delicious and very well made and fresh. It's a tad pricey for me but this is Fairmount so what do you expect?  Also there's extra seating in the back (a cute little patio) that no one ever uses but it's great.  They have about 20 different sandwiches and I've tried 5-6 of them and they've all been delicious. Also if you can get it, the front outdoor seating on the sidewalk is lovely on a sunny day. Only complaint- they close too early. Stay open later! I'll come for dinner too.... :)This is a great little neighborhood coffee shop. The space is tiny and I don't actually love the coffee, but there is a great selection of salads and sandwiches and the service is always friendly. 
The breakfast sandwiches seem popular and my husband really likes them, but my biggest recommendation are the scones. If I happen to stop by on my way to work when the scones are just coming out of the oven, I can't resist. They are the perfect sweet, savory, buttery treat. Worth the splurge.This place is quite good.  My personal reliance is on the chocolate croissant.  They are big, flaky, and amazing.  Coffee, iced tea, and everything else there is SO good.  Closes rather early....remember that so you don't get there and find it closed!My favorite place in Fairmount. Very friendly staff and excellent sandwiches! Santa Monica is my favorite. Highly recommend.The people are nice, and the food is good... When they get your order right. I've had a handful of times where I either received the wrong order entirely (and didn't notice until I got home) or they just messed up what I asked for. If you ask for anything that is not exactly how they usually make their sandwiches (add avocado, no onions, etc) definitely check before you leave that they got it right. 
As a side note, their chalkboard menu in the shop is extremely difficult read! I always have to ask for a paper menu so I can figure out what I'm looking at.I'm a big fan of this spot. The atmosphere is low key and relaxed, the staff is very friendly, and the food is delicious! Often times though, it is tough to make a choice when you look up at their blackboard filled with appetizing options. Whenever I'm in the neighborhood around breakfast or lunchtime, Rybread is always a solid option.This place gets a big EAT HERE from me. Sandwiches are just awesome iv had 90% of them and can't say a bad thing about any. The desserts they have are also amazing but haven't had many. The staff is great and will suggest things on command. I got the chicken salad sandwich once and the cashier said to try it with honey mustard, i did and it was even better. Lunch is better then breakfast but both are good, eat here!Great bagels and sandwiches.  Very good egg sandwich on a bagel. Good coffee. And they are so friendly!!Solid sandwich shop in the great Fairmount/Art Museum neighborhood. This place is my go-to for breakfast on the weekends and lunch during the week. Fresh bread, fresh ingredients and friendly staff.The food at this place is very good & friendly for vegans and/or people who can't eat dairy or meat. I went with my boyfriend though, and they got our orders messed up, but I would go back for a quick panini or sandwich. The mushroom bisque was really good, too.The worst experience and disgusting chicken. We ordered two salads with chicken. The chicken was borderline frozen. When I told Stephanie they tasted like salads that had been sitting in a fridge for a week, she assured me she made them herself. I asked her to refund our money.  Stephanie says this was a "misunderstanding" and under these circumstances they won't refund the money. That's just bad business. Maybe there wouldn't have been a "misunderstanding" if they advised customers they put borderline frozen chicken in their salads.  Don't order an expensive salad from this place when you can get the same thing at the corner Wawa.Great lunch spot featuring sandwiches with fresh ingredients. We tried three and they were all solid. I'm confident this was part of a trend. 
Sourdough grilled cheese with Caramelized onions. Yum. 
Grilled basil, pesto, tomato and mozzarella, yum. 
BLT with add-on turkey and rye bread. Yum.
The BF loved the raspberry flavored iced 
tea. 
The bagels looked solid too - if you care to indulge for breakfast.Amazing sandwich place with great outdoor seating. A Fairmount jem! I had the "Road Trip" today (turkey meatloaf sandwich) it was one of the best sandwiches I've ever had! I'll be back here again and again!I used to go to rybread very frequently being that I live nearby and it used to be very good, however I haven't gone in a few months because it's been quite disappointing. A friend and I went today in hopes it would be better than when I went several months ago. Sad to say I was still disappointed. I got the Austin salad, which is supposed to come with pepper jack cheese, chicken, corn, salsa and avocado. Being a huge avocado lover I asked for extra. I was disappointed to see there was only two little slivers of avocado. I just assumed they forgot, didn't say anything and continued to eat my salad. The salad ended up just being chicken and lettuce. There was no corn and about two tiny pieces of pepper jack cheese. My friend also ordered the same salad and her salad was as equaling disappointing. Needless to say next time I'm looking for a sandwich or salad in my neighborhood I sadly won't be going to rybread, I've been going to OCF Coffee House that's also on Fairmount and always constantly delicious. Even though Im unimpressed with rybread Im giving them  3 stars because their homemade cookies and cupcakes are delicious! And in my experience the staff has been friendly. (I've also been to their sister restaurant on girard, Rybrew and have been unimpressed as well. ) Oh well, I guess I'll just continue going to OCF. I feel bad saying this because I used to be a fan.Really delicious! I live and work closeby, so I'm so happy for this place to be open. They have a variety of sandwiches and were able to satisfy both my vegan sister and my carnivorous self! A tad on the slow side, even though there were 3 guys on the counter, but hopefully that works itself out once they're open longer. All in all, definitely worth a visit.I had ordered from here the past 2 days. Day 1 i was semi-impressed, the Savannah was good, except i would have like a little less mayo, but all in all a good sandwich. Day 2 Austin, now i was really looking forward to this salad, until i opened it and realized that there was no corn nor the pepper jack cheese, they had failed to mention to me upon ordering the salad that they were out of the corn and had forgotten to put the Cheese on, but they did tell me they had no Lime Vinaigrette that i really appreciated, but  eh ok i get it sometimes you get busy, but to forget something as simple as saying hey we are out of this, would be very helpful and make the customer a little less disappointed.Loved the turkey, cranberry and mayo sandwich. Their bread is amazing and coffee's strong. Went for bkfst and lunch on two separate days!  
Staff's kinda cute too!I am in another state now and I needed to send a sympathy care package to a friend in the area. So, when I called Ryan at Ryebread and gave him my budget, he patiently explained what he could do, and what he suggested.  When I wasn't sure when my friend would be home for delivery given the circumstances, I told Ryan I would get back to him.  He was very kind when I called back and put together the package within a few hours, then had it delivered.  When no one came to the door on delivery, Stephanie (co-owner, I believe) patiently waited and then wound up delivering to a neighbor, explaining the food needed to be refrigerated and shared contact info with the neighbor so that she could ensure eventual delivery!  Unfortunately for me, I do not know the taste or the quality because I have not been - but by the reviews, I should be very pleased.  The sandwiches on the menu sound awesome. I hope to get there on my next trip "back home"!  Thanks Ryan and Stephanie.My favorite place to go in the neighborhood. I seriously hope they make banks with overflowing customers because they deserve it. If that were to happen, which I feel like it's going to or it has been already, I also seriously hope that I can somehow figure out the time when everyone's full from their sammichs because waiting in line sucks. This has never happened to me at Rybread, by the way. 
My sister and I got Savannah(sandwich) and New york(panini). Both were SOOOOO goood... YUM. Savannah had turkey, brie, cranberry sauce on multi-grain bread. VERY thanksgiving-ish...this can only mean that it's really delicious! New york was made with corned beef, swiss cheese, sauerkraut, russian dressing(what is that?). Didn't matter that I didn't know what Russian dressing was. It was so yummy. It was even yummier with some mustard but that's because I love mustard.
Rybread has turned me into a sandwich mania. I'm sure my future husband and a handful of children of mine will appreciate the fact that I now know how to mimic different kinds of sandwiches other than a PBNJ.I love this place. Everyone who works there is so nice. The coffee is really good for drip coffee. I prefer their coffee than all of the coffee shops' in the area. 
Great food! They have a wide-variety of salads and sandwiches to choose from. At first I was sticking to their vegetarian sandwiches (Hollywood with hummus and veggies; or Sedona with mozzarella and pesto) because they are so good. Starting to branch out and try more things though. 
Two more things: patio in the back  and reeaaaaally good scones!This little cafe really packs a punch! it's about a block away from the Eastern State Penitentiary. We had breakfast AND lunch here it was so good. Everything on their menu is super creative. They're all named after places and the flavors follow suite. I had a bacon egg and cheese for breakfast and an Austin salad for lunch. It was my first time having avocado and tortilla chips in my salad (needless to say I had no idea what I was missing). Everything here was so obviously fresh and that along with their creativity is what really sets them apart from the cafe's I've frequented.Rybread is by far the best sandwich shop I've ever visited. They remember your name, greet you with a smile and make incredibly yummy sandwiches, coffee and desserts. 
If you go during peak lunch hours be prepared to wait a little bit but trust me - its worth every second. Plus, knowing that the staff is working as hard and as fast as they can to give you an amazing sandwich experience makes the wait oh so worth it. If you want fresh ingredients, you have to be patient. 
Try the Tuscon - it's amazing!My absolute favorite place in the neighborhood for a bite! The menu is pretty basic but their breakfast sandwiches are divine. Their croissants are super fresh and just the right amount of flakiness. The best part? The prices are just right. Love you, Rybread!This place has an amazing concept, and i think the sandwiches taste great. However i often feel disappointed after my last bite. Some of the paninis are meager in size, and after spending 7$ for a sandwich i expect to be full. The turkey should also be real carved turkey instead of simply deli meat. I love the place, the people are amazing who work there, and i love the addition in fairmount. However a few little things could take it from a good sandwich place that is conveniently located to a 2-3 times a week lunch spot.The sandwiches are superb and the service is friendly, albeit a bit on the slow side.  The San Antonio is now one of my fav roast beef sandwiches with a horseradish spread and cheddar.  Soooo good.  The bread is soft and fresh, and the beef tender.  The Savannah is Thanksgiving on bread, basically, and the perfect blend of Brie, roast turkey, and cranberry sauce, all on yummy multi-grain bread.  I don't think that I've been disappointed by any of their offerings.  I've also had the New York panini, which is a delectable grilled reuben.  Okay, seriously, go and get a sandwich.  I'm getting hungry writing this review...and I just had dinner and dessert.  Trust me, this place is a keeper.  I'm giving 4 stars, for now, until I have tried their breakfast.Gave this place a try yesterday and got the San Antonio, a cold roast beef sandwich with horseradish and regular sandwich toppings.  It was decent and the price wasn't bad. $7.25 I think. What made me come back today was the friendly service at the counter. I got the Cuban panini today and it was excellent. I just wish it had more pickles and was cooked for a little bit longer as the meat inside wasn't warm all the way through. Both I can get over because of how tasty it was. I'd definitely recommend this place to someone looking for a good, low-key lunch spot.Nice small shop in Fairmount. There is only outdoors seating, so definitely not ideal to plan a sit and eat during the colder months. 
I got the rybread sandwich and the house salad and both were delicious! I absolutely love crab so of course I had to order the sandwich that had a crab cake in it. I have eaten a fair share of crab cakes at other restaurants, and half of the time they are a disappointment. Rybread is an exception. The sandwich had a great balance of crab cake to the veggies and also chipotle mayo in each bite. The house salad also had a great balance as well with all of the different textures and ingredients. Onions were sliced super thin, just the way I like it. And lastly, the gorganzola was great in bringing all of the ingredients together.Ry Bread was AH-MAZING. My mom had the new york and I had the Savannah. Delicious, perfectly toasted and juicy.  I dont even eat sandwiches--but I will be coming back here regularly. The girl
Karen that made Our sandwiches and rung us up was sooooo sweet, informative, personable, and actually cares about customer service.  I would recommend RyBread to anyone!! If your in town and you want some melty goodness--stop by!This family-run business was an instant success when it opened, and for good reason. The ingredients are the freshest and everything is made with care. The cafe is bright and comfortable and the service is friendly. Excellent coffee and breakfast sandwiches. Delicious lunch sandwiches. Bagels and bread from Le Bus and home-made carrot cake to die for. 
A much better alternative to the Art Museum cafeteria - tourists pay attention! And a great little spot if you just happen to be in the neighborhood.Love love love.  Nom nom nom.
Great, fresh, interesting sammiches and breakfast foods.  Best coffee in the neighborhood.
Beautiful, clean layout.  Adorable garden.
And supernice staff / owner.  (They are great, and I hate to even say it, but I do hope that as time goes on they get a bit faster at least at operating the register and managing traffic, but they are new, and I do not want to nitpick, and I love.)To the outsider looking in, perhaps Ryebread appears to be just another run-of-the-mill sandwich stop within Fairmount's food corner of the world.  However, if you listen to your (growling) gut and the chatter from regulars about this place, I wager you will not be disappointed.
I most recently went with the San Diego panini, although for an indecisive chick like myself, the decision making process here is anxiety ridden.  Everything looks better than the next.  The paninis are hot pressed and the perfect size to remain delectable but allow you to leave without feeling like you've entered a carb-coma.
The San Diego (which we all know in German means..) consisted of grilled chicken, roasted red peppers, provolone cheese and pesto.  I added in Sriracha because I simply can't get enough. Ever.
The Hampton salad is also very good with chicken, pesto, roasted tomatoes and huge shavings of fresh parmesan over a spring mix.  
PS: Adding carmelized onions to just about anything here could not possibly in an any case be an experiment gone wrong.  Add away.Fast service, quality food and reasonable prices. Stopped in with my vegetarian and vegan friends and there were plenty of options for them to choose from, which was awesome. Seating is limited, but we came when it wasn't very busy so we were able to snag some seats. I don't live locally but I'm glad I stumbled upon this place, it's a very good find.If you're looking for cooking look no further this place is one to cook and they will even read ur palm for FREE. I can not believe how quickly they found out I was in tune most with Mercury the teal colored sailor. They baked it right into my eggy crisp. 
Pro tip: if you go here on Palm Sunday they will give you a free box of Captain Crunch if you r NOt a Capricorn lol 
Follow ur dreamsIncredibly slow and disorganized service. Cashier looked confused when I asked for a receipt, and then I waited for 15 minutes for a sandwich. When I inquired about its status they told me that they were out of the bread my sandwich is on. They weren't aggressive about calling out other customers' names either, resulting in people waiting around for sandwiches that had been long finished.I was waiting with bated breath for Ry Bread to open, because sometimes I am just too lazy or hungover to drag myself the extra three blocks to Mugshots and sometimes a girl needs an egg and cheese. I love the decor, and was psyched when they put some tables and chairs outside so I can take the pup. 
I can only speak to the breakfast sandwiches but they hit the spot. Could get away with being 50 cents less or so, but nothing outrageous. The staff is very helpful and friendly, and the back patio is a nice little oasis from the bustling front of the shop. 
I occasionally walk by here and the line is out the door, sometimes it's pretty empty, so timing is important. But what a lovely addition to the neighborhood.Paninis are very very good..staff is friendly..small...but worth the visit..I will definitely be back soonWhether it's a hot summer or cold winter day, Rybread is a fantastic little coffee shop! I love sitting outside to sip iced tea in the shade with my dog while I read a book. My sister loved their food, and I love their prices. I plan on making it out here more often :)Love the food and coffee.. Beat the brunch crowd and come before 10am.  I like to order by phone and walk over to pick up the order especially on the weekends when they are extremely busy.
During the summer, they have a water bowl and treats for the dogs.We had the denver and tucson sandwiches.  They were delicious.  Quality of the food definitely 5*.  The service on the other hand left much to be desired.  The staff acted like they were doing us a favor to take and prepare our order 2*Thank you, Yelpers for this find! We were in town to go to the museum just for the day and needed a little caffeine before we got started. Thanks to y'all, we knew this was just a short walk away and that it would be so worth it. I got a bagel with nutella...um...wow. I'm normally a health nut so I would never normally get this...but I'm sooooooo glad I did! Their bagels are AWESOME!!!Coffe is decent, gentle ice coffee. Great rybread, which has large portion of crab cakeTried coffee here and it's very good. Nice ambience and big patio in the back.Fantastic little sandwich shop! I had the San Fran with prosciutto, mozzarella, Roma tomatoes, pesto on toasted sourdough and it was delicious! The perfect toast on the bread and a heaping portion or prosciutto! Place your order for pick up as they get pretty busy!I absolutely love this place.  The food is great, the staff is fun and again, the food is great.  They have an extensive menu to choose from using great ingredients and offering interesting mixes.  I love the Sedona panini (essentially a grilled cheese) and the sweet potato chips.  Breakfast sandwiches are killer.  All in all, I am so glad this place is down the street from me!  I am going to try to convince them to open a second location when I move!Love this spot for Sunday mid-morning breakfast. Cozy atmosphere and delicious breakfast sandwiches. Try the coffee cake muffin, it's a game-changer.although a tad disappointed to find out about the rybread-wawa connection (i know, i know money has to come from somewhere but i still like to play idealist sometimes), i still love it here.
you just can't beat the friendly "neighborhoody" ambiance. plus you don't have to wait a million years for weekend brunch, they have two outdoor seating areas & their breakfast sandwiches cure my hangovers. 
NOM.Good sandwiches and bagels. Quality coffee. However the service is just terribly slow and careless. In my most recent visit, I paid $7 for a bagel with cream cheese slopped all over and a coffee (see picture). Multiple people walked past an empty sugar and napkin container attempting to get the attention of the workers but were unnoticed. This will no longer be my first choice neighborhood spot.