This place is awesome. They have great halal food that is as good as it gets. I came here on a Saturday night and it was super busy. Took about 20-25 minutes just to get our food (1 cheesesteak with everything and 1 chicken maroush) and all the while we had to wait for people to finish and leave just so we had a place to sit and eat. 
The restaurant is small and crowded but its also probably because it was a Saturday night on a 3 day weekend. The service was great and Saad and his crew are super friendly, helpful, and humble. He didnt even want me to pay until I was done eating! 
The only thing that is kind of annoying is his payment policy. Cash and debit card only! No credit cards allowed. He does have an ATM inside if you need but also if you plan to use your debit card, only purcahses $30 and over are allowed. Other than that this place has great food, portions, and people. Definitely returning next time im in Philly.The Chicken Maroosh is enough for me to drive from northern New Jersey to Philadelphia and enjoy. I'm serious. I love this place and I love Saad. Can't wait to go back back. The Chicken Maroosh guys, order it. You will NOT regret it.I have had only one experience with this restaurant but it is definitely a unique one - and NOT in a good way. 
I was in Philly visiting family and we decided to give the place a try. The food itself was mediocre at best but that alone would not earn a place the dubious honor of a single star. Rather, it was a situation that occurred with our order. The restaurant got our order wrong so we called back. Instead of trying to remedy the situation, the person on the other end - presumably Saad himself - lashed out angrily with insults and hung up. How this place continues to thrive with customer service and management like that is beyond me.Best chicken sandwich in Philly!!  The chicken maroosh is one of a kind. Amazing chicken, tomatoes, pickles, and the tasty garlic sauce. I recommend getting extra for your fries.Best cheesesteaks in the city; hands down.  Something about that halal meat, I guess... none of those hormones, steroids, epinephrine, or cortisol!  The lamb shwarma is great too.  Can't go wrong with Sa'ads.  The prices are reasonable and the food is delicious.  My only grip is that it has really outgrown its space.  I rarely eat there, so doesn't bother me.  I wholeheartedly recommend this place.Definitely my go to sandwiches. The chicken tawook maroosh is a favorite of mine, and last night, with just 10 minutes left til closing I got the craving. I called in quickly and they said that if i could make it by 9pm closing, my food would be ready. I sprinted over in shorts and I wasn't disappointed- the sauce is perfect, the veggies were crunchy and I managed to eat the whole thing, though I wish I had half left for today. 
From their sides to their sandwiches to their platters, they put a lot of love into the work they do and they do it quickly.Great food, great service, try the chicken Maroosh sandwich. 
Tips:
Call ahead and get your food to go, because there is limited seating available. 
It is very cold in the winter time.Delicious food. Got the chicken maroosh sandwich (most popular item) and it was incredible. Would definitely recommend if you're into this kind of foodAs a vegetarian, the Falafel was one of the worst things I have ever had. It was dry, the pita was dry, they had no authentic hot sauce and the white sauce was completely overrated. The hummus was absolutely tasteless. They need to do better not sure how, but definitely need to improve.Prices are good and portions are epic! The chicken maroosh really is what hit the spot for me. Chicken was tender and very flavorful. As an Arab, I thought this place was the best mix of Authentic and Americanized Arabic food. You literally get the best of both worlds. Nothing on this menu is bad. Saad (owner) is very friendly and actually wants you to really enjoy your food. Yes the seating wasn't the best but screw that the food deserves 150%! 
PS: Food is very addictive! I'm full and I still want to go back and eat the rest of the food!OMG best resturant ever. Even the fries were amazing. Portions and prices are amazing. Literally couldn't ask for anything better.best french fries I have ever had.  ever.  you might wait a long time if you go at lunch or dinner unless you call your order in.  the falafel is pretty excellent as well, but mostly I just care about the french fries.The Chicken Maroosh sandwich here is probably one of the best sandwiches IN THE WORLD...
...and the Lamb Shawarma sandwich is even better!
Saad's definitely keeps you well-fed. Each sandwich could probably feed two grown-ups or four children. They are made to order with fresh ingredients. The Chicken Maroosh is well-seasoned, while the Lamb Shawarma is flavorful and tender. The food does take some time to come out, so be sure to plan accordingly. I haven't tried any of the other items, but I don't feel like I need to. These two sandwiches already complete my life!Yo...I just got put onto some new stuff.  The wings are legit.  Get the garlic sauce to go with them.i am so happy to have saad's in my neighborhood! 
delicious falafel, bangin' stuffed grape leaves, and i don't know what exactly chicken maroush is, but it is the best thing i have ever had in or around my mouth.
LOVE this place.Amazing food at this place! For vegetarians and non vegetarians who love middle eastern food, this is the spot! You're gonna love the hot sauce and white sauce its to die for. The only issue I have is that this place is too damn small and its absolutely run down which is why i give it 4/5 stars!Excellent.  So much food and everything was perfect.  I had to get the chicken maroosh.  Was incredibly!!!  The tabuli was delicious.  Hubby got the Philly cheese steak.  He did a face plant into the sand which and ate the whole thing  before I even finished my first half.  Portions are large. I ate half my son which before I took the pic.  LolWe were first introduced to Saad's in 2013. We come to philly many many times a year, and no trip is complete for my son without a stop at Saad's. Today probably marks our 25th visit. 
We always order the chicken maroush, a side of extra white sauce and onion rings. It's his favorite philly meal.you all are so right that saad is the world's friendliest business owner.  all smiles.  seemed to know a lot of his customers. 
i would say the felafels and hummos were good but not stellar.  i favor mama's slightly.  
the decor was was cosy and dated in a good way.  i'm only 25, but i imagine it looking much like your neighborhood mcdonalds circa 1973.  no complaints there. 
i would go back any day of the week (except sundays, when they're closed, i should know, i keep trying!!!) just for the excellent service and comfy place to eat some cheap foods.  i wish there were a half-star option because i would give it to them, but they fall just short of my four-star mark of excellence.Saads is known to be an institution for Halal Philly Cheesesteaks in the Tri-State, DMV area. I came here for the cheesesteak and I was satisfied by it. It's good. It's really good. It's not great. I've had better. I guess it's the only big halal restaurant that has stood the test of time when it comes to halal philly cheesesteak. 
The sandwich that wills this review a 5-star rating all on its own is their best selling dish at Saads:
The Chicken Maroosh.
What does the Chicken Maroosh consist of? Fresh grilled chicken, the freshest herbs and spices, pickles, tomatoes, and the BREAD. My GAWD, the bread is perfection. I would come back to this spot just for the bread. I mean it was crisp on the outside and so warm and fluffy on the inside even with all the piping hot grilled chicken and fresh mayo within the sandwich. And the sandwich is a footlong. I have to mention, the herbs come through really well in a sandwich that seems to be overflowing. This sandwich is perfectly balanced. I loved it. I can't wait to go back and order like 4 more Chicken Maroosh sandwiches lol.
DOWNSIDE:
-Very long wait
-No room inside to move aroundNot sure what's all the fuss about - maybe I order the wrong stuff? Nevertheless, the food was very tasty, but a bit on the pricey side for what you get. The decor is nothing exciting, but there's plenty of space to get a small group of friends together. If I wanted to get some Middle Eastern food in W Philly this would probably be it.
edit: I've finally tried their Chicken Marousch, which was highly recommended by y'all. I've eaten it several times now, so I bumped them up to 4 stars. Still overpriced in my opinion, but it is all halal..Omg...so freaking delicious. Get the chicken maroush...seriously get it. 
Also, the hummus...did I mention the maroush?Mmmm Saad's.
The chicken maroosh is awesome, as is the lamb shawarma (try that maroosh way too). It's more like pulled lamb though, so if you're expecting the usual gyro-type shaved shawarma you'll be disappointed. But it's super good, even better than your typical shawarma because it's more like eating real meat and not some mysterious amalgam of random animals and their unknown parts. The garlic yogurt sauce is fantastic too, and given the chance I would probably immerse myself in an inflatable pool filled with this delicious substance. 
Cash only, which can be annoying. Especially since the platters are kind of expensive. And the area can be a little sketchy. But that's all worth braving for Saad's. Especially since Saad himself is such a sweetheart.i like them. good service (5 stars) howwver i took yelpers advice on the chicken maroosh (on pressed looking hoagie type bread) made me sick as a dog.....not a good look at all. so i personally give 3 starsHeard about this place from an Uber driver.  Asked what his favorite place for a cheesesteak was in Philadelphia and expect to hear Pats, Genos, Jims, or D'elassandros.  To my surprise, his answer was "Saad's."
Their cheesesteaks are great, but since becoming a patron of Saad's I've become a fan of the Chicken Maroush.  Prices are reasonable, but service can take a while so calling ahead for pickup would be a wise choice.  Also -- bring cash!
Really great place!Great food and lots of vegetarian options. All their food is Halal and flavorful. I love their falafel sandwich, which is wrapped in pita bread. It only has street parking which can make it a challenge during busy hours, like lunch time. But it worth it!Good God, the amount of food I can get with $20 can feed an elephant for a week.  Well, that's an exaggeration, but they really give you a lot for your money. 
I have eaten the Lamb Shawarma, Lamb Shawarma the Maroosh Way, Cheese Fries, Kafta Kabob Sandwich, and Falafel Sandwich.  All of which are delicious goodness doused in garlic sauce and colorful leafy vegetables.  I always ask for cheese on the side or only a little cheese sauce because they overload you with the cheese (and fries because I can't finish that).  If anything, I recommend the lamb over the kafta kabob.  Also, if you're deciding between the Maroosh Way and the regular shawarma sandwich, the sandwich is the soft pita bread and the Maroosh Way is the super long toasted bread as seen in my pictures.  I prefer the Maroosh Way because it's less messy to eat, gives a nice crunchy texture to the otherwise soft meat/vegetables, and whatever bread they buy is some quality bread.  
They don't actively enforce the "No Cell Phone" rule, but it's pretty cute.  There's also an outlet or two by one of the tables if you need to charge your phone, though.  Credit card minimum is like 30 bucks or something, but there's an ATM and it only charges a $1 fee.  
Also, when you come here, just seat yourself at a table and order up front.  Additionally, there's a cart of utensils, plates, take-out boxes, bags, and napkins that you can freely get yourself.Had a nice dinner here with my brother earlier this week. I've been on campus for a really long time, but had somehow never tried Saad's before. The thing that I liked most was the atmosphere. Saad's is a little corner eatery with a no-frills aesthetic, but welcoming at the same time. I enjoyed the diversity of the crowd, and the atmosphere was lively and vibrant.
We ordered a couple of dishes to share so that I could try a few different things off the menu. We got an order of the falafel, which is very good here. We also got the famous chicken maroosh (maroush?) sandwich. I have to say that I was less crazy about it than most of the reviewers. The main problem for me was that there was too much white sauce, which tasted mayo-based. I liked the pickles in the sandwich and the texture created by the bread being pressed in a toasting device. We also got the fries, which are a sleeper order--often overlooked, but seriously good here. 
One improvement I would suggest would be making a homemade hot sauce to provide to people (like me) who like really hot food. Not much here to make your food spicy, just run-of-the-mill hot sauce. 
The staff was super nice during all of the interactions we had with them. Liked them very much.
Overall, not a bad spot.Love the food here, order the cheesesteak. It's definitely worth the money. The wait wasn't to long. The employees help out tooI actually didn't enjoy the food I ordered at Saad's (chicken maroush), but that was a matter of taste, not quality. The sandwich itself was very well-made. The toasted bread tasted like bread I'd get from a high-end suburban super market, and the chicken and sauce blended really well together. A lot was going on in the sandwich, but it didn't get soggy or messy like some hoagies can get. Highly recommend for an affordable, high-quality meal.I love this place. It's my regular Halal boo thang. The service is friendly, quick, and efficient. Saad's is the ONLY place I go for shwarma. The lamb in the shwarma isn't as gamey and that distinctive lamb taste isn't as strong (which is a good thing, in my case.) The texture is melt-in-your-mouth tender, similar to pulled pork. The garlic sauce in the shwarma is also to die for! The chicken shwarma is also pretty good for those not crazy about lamb, but it's all white meat, which I don't care for as much.
The falafel is decent, but the lemon flavor is a bit over-powering than other falafels I've had.
However, they have an American-style fried fish sandwich. It's pretty simple: a huge fried fish filet on a kaiser roll, topped with lettuce, tomato, American cheese, ketchup, and pickles. But it's so good that it manages to sometimes seduces me away from the lamb's allure. Or I try to sucker whoever I'm with to split both with me.Positive: High quality, flavor-full meals served the "maroosh way".
Negative: The surrounding area may seem somewhat run down if you are not from Philly.  The owner is very busy and therefore may seem to be a bit unfriendly on some days.
Overall: Excellent, Flavorful Middle Eastern and American dishes for which you would want to come back every time  you visit Philly or go to school in the surrounding area.The food was great,  the service was excellent,  will come back again, we are from Jersey and we're in the hospital with my son,  doctors here recommended this place,  great food and the owner is super pleasant and professionalBeyond my expectations. The lamb maroosh was so flavorful and nothing like the gyro meet that people have come to associate with halal. Watching the staff at work, I felt for a moment transported to the middle east.Good, cheap, reliable halal food. 
Chicken kabob platter was delicious with tender flavorful grilled chicken. They let you substitute the rice with a spinach salad and still give you two sides! It's enough food to split between two people and they have no problem letting you do that by giving you two plates. All platters come with two sides: best sides are the baba ghanouj and hummus. 
I also had their beef kabob sandwich which was good but nothing to write home about.Friendly owners and quick service, only issues is its cash only and the crazy long lines make it crowded inside so seating is limited. Luckily they have an ATM inside for convenience. My fave philly cheesesteak in the city, and their chicken maroush is one of a kind, ive never had another sandwich like it. Also for a sandwich spot their pistachio baklava was on point.If you want the best Halal and or just flat out Middle Eastern food, this is the place. 
And sorry Pats, Jims, and Genos, but this place has the best cheese steaks as well. No one can compete. No one. 
Been going here for the past 7 years, maybe longer, and the quality in food never goes down. The prices are very reasonable. 
If you want take out, then call before hand usually 20 minute wait depending on the rush. Usually you can find a place to eat inside, but its always busy.Believe in the hype, Saad's Halal is the place to be for the best lamb shawarma in all of Philly.
Must get: lamb sandwich, hummus
Meh: falafel, baba ganoush, spinach pie with feta, pita bread
Missed: grilled chicken, large hoagies
When you find a place that is so beloved by the community where you see the line start to form outside the establishment for fast (but delicious) food, you know you're in the right place. As a full disclosure, I love great food and Saad's got me covered. For beginners, I do recommend the following:
1. Read the menu beforehand
2. Wait in line, look out for free seats
3. Order everything 'to go' unless you have seats already
4. Order more food than you expect, because if you like something, you don't want to wait another 30 minutes again
5. Repeat and tell everyone
The best thing about Saad is definitely the lamb sandwich. Oh that tender juicy and well packed lamb-filled flavor bomb is still rekindling all forms of happiness that only comes with good ol' fashion cooking. The sandwiches  appear very small, but trust me, they are super compact and hit your gut where it counts. I'm not a super big fan of falafels, and I must admit that Saad's falafel were...ok, a bit cold and seemed more as an after-thought to the lamb spotlight. The falafel sandwich, however, managed to take something that was a bit dry and turned it into gold. That being said, I do recommend the veggie platter, which contains a grape leaf, mounds of spinach, tabbouleh and very generous portions of bana ganoush and hummus.
While I didn't get the American menus, I can see that everyone who ordered a hoagie size sandwich were eating from a plate of food that I can only fathom is meant to be served to a giant, not a mere mortal.
Overall, if you don't mind seeing tons of meeting waiting anxiously while you eat your amazing lamb sandwich, Saad's the place to be.
Food: 5 stars
Service: 4 stars
Ambiance: 3 stars
Price: 5 starsGreat food! Love the simplicity!  Adore Saad and his family working the grill + counter :)  What people keep saying about trauma from having to put away their cell phones for a good 20-30 minutes while they eat their delicious food is just silly!  I asked Saad what his rationale was for sending cell phone-talkers outside and his theory was easy: a person who's distracted won't appreciate the saavory meals that Saad and his staff so carefully craft for their customers OR those people who do appreciate the food and enjoy every last morsel may be interrupted from their euphoria by blabber mouth customers.  Come on guys, I know we're living in the West, but when you step into this place, you're really experiencing the Middle East....so just take it in :)
My favorites: Shish tawook, kebbeh, any of their keftas, ba'lawa and falafel.  Note, Saad's closes shop on Friday ONLY BTWN 1:30-2:30pm for Friday prayer.After reading the reviews on Yelp, I chose to go to Saad's for lunch. The food was amazing. I ordered the Chicken Shish taook platter ( forgot the right spelling) and it was perfect. 
The chicken was cooked just right, as my daughter said not over cooked nor undercooked.Oh man!  Saad's Halal Restaurant makes some great food!!  I won't take much space repeating what others have stated about his delicious falafel, hummus, and grape leaves.  And I also concur that Saad himself is a super nice man and really cares about his customers.  
There are two things that I will recommend highly: (1) the kofta sandwich (amazing yum) and (2) a basket of fries.
I know what you are thinking... fries at a halal restaurant?  Yes, fries!  Order them.  They are perfect.  Crispy perfection.Love the environment, religious poetry music for ambience, religious decor, super friendly staff on recommendations. Tried the burger, philly cheese steak, and also garlic chicken sub. Large portions, really tasty and great price. Across the street from an Islamic center and up the street from another.Great food at good prices.  We got a katfa kebab platter and a lamb shwarma sandwich.  The kebabs were yummy, as was the rice it was topped on, and the hummus was creamy and delicious, and there was a LOT of it.  So was the baba ganoush.  Not sure how one pita was going to scoop up all that hummus and baba ganoush, you'd have to resort to eating it straight out of the spoon... which isn't so bad, since it's good enough to eat straight anyway.
Unfortunately the platter was more than enough for two ravenous people (probably intended to comfortably feed three? oops) so we didn't get to eat the shwarma... we (reluctantly) gifted it to my brother so it wouldn't go bad.  We hope he took good advantage of it.  Definitely dreaming about its untasted meaty potential now...
We thought this place was more of a sit-down place based on the outside (cute outdoor tables) but turns out no.  Upon entering there are very adamant no-no signs, e,g, "NO credit, NO pets, NO alcohol, NO cell phones, NO unruly people", which is a bit off-putting.  Nevertheless while we were there some delinquent was blathering on his iPhone... tsk tsk.
Keen to try out the new cafe next door, which looks beautiful!We had the lamb shawarma and chicken maroush both were excellent. The fries are also very good. The service was friendly and quick. Make sure you have cash.The food was tasty, we ordered lamb platter which was delicious. The ambience is overall nice but the price should be reasonable around usd 10 for a platter.Saad's is truly my favorite place to eat in West Philly. The chicken cheese steak and greek salad are the best in the city. The owner and staff are so friendly, attentive, and organized! The entire establishment is impeccably clean and is constantly bustling with people young and old who love the food. I wish more restaurants would take such care in making their food! Saad's you are the BEST!This is exactly what we were in need of. An affordable, close-to-home place that can be our go-to spot. Wow. Portions are generous, favors are rich, and for the price you pay, it is all very reasonable. Believe the hype. Believe the other reviews. You will not leave disappointed if you come here. Lamb shawarma sandwich, chicken maroosh, chicken shish tawook platter are all AWESOME. Man. Just writing this review now, I want to go back!!! Guess I gotta wait 'til they open tomorrow!TL;DR - 4.5 stars. Tasty food, even better value.
Grabbed lunch at Saad's with my wife and got a Falafel Sandwich ($4.50) and a Falafel Sandwich with Tabouly ($5.00). Figured that for a sandwich that cheap, I would still be hungry afterwards so I got a 3.00 lentil soup as well. 
The sandwiches were no joke! Really large, tasty and something I would be eating constantly if I lived in the neighborhood. I wasn't even able to finish my soup after eating mine. The lentil soup was good too, highlighted by some crunch and just-salty-enough pita croutons. Yum!
Only minor complaint is that they don't serve tap water, so we had to buy a bottle of water.By far my favorite restaurant in West Philly. The chicken maroush sandwich is what keeps me coming- a large enough sandwich that depending on how hungry I am, I'll save half for lunch the next day. Even the leftovers are better than many other sandwiches I've eaten.
Sometimes the wait time can be a while. That being said, it has never been longer than the estimated time. Everyone who works there is incredibly nice. Keep an eye out for the chicken maroush or falafel loyalty card- ten sandwiches and you get a free sandwich or a t-shirt.These guys are so friendly and food is quite good. This is also one of the few places to get a shawarma in philly.Delicious food! Second time going to Saads and same awesome eating experience. Great hoagies stuffed with meat or chicken, however you like it. 
Staff: so pleasant and nice to speak to. Specially it was nice of them to introduce the entire menu to a newcomer like myself. Even Saad himself had a nice conversation with me.
Food: it was honestly mouth watering to look at and a taste bud activating mechanism as it touched the tongue. Saad uses this secret formulated garlic butter herb sauce that is very good, and gives you the perfect hint of taste on the meat you choose. I got the famous chicken maroosh sandwich and philly cheese steak. They were both fantastic. Cheese fries and selection of drinks were also good. 
Decor: now here is where Saads lost the one star from my rating. The seating, carpeting and menu atop the register is extremely tacky looking. Only because I loved the food and service so much I didn't take away more than one star.
It is a fast food style restaurant so take your food from the counter and sit at the table of your choosing. 
They have a minimum for credit card use. (Which I don't like at all). 
Street parking is pretty difficult, I'm sure on a busy day it would probably suck. 
It is a place you simply just need to give a try!My god there Chicken Maroosh is to die for. Great customer service and great food. The lines suck sometimes and the average time of me waiting for my food is about 25 minutes but it goes to show how popular they are and their food.I tried this place a couple of weeks back, after hearing a ton of hype about the Falafel sandwich. The dining is casual and its an "order at the counter" kind of place. I ordered the Falafel sandwich, how could I not after all of the great reviews? The wait was around 15 minutes, which went quickly with all of the commotion. The place was overflowing with people coming in and out. I got my sandwich, an affordable $4.50, and sat in to try it out. AHH-MAZING! It's most definitely the best Falafel I have had. Packed to the brim with veggies and falafel, fresh, hot, and overall delicious.
I have visited this place 10+ times since. I don't plan on stopping any time soon.Saad's has a "No Cell Phone" rule that they actually enforce--and I find it admirable.  Too often are we sucked into a technology bubble, ignoring the world around us listening to our iPods and texting our friends.  If you dine in, you actually engage in conversation!  So if you're planning to call your BFF about the atrocious guy you went out with last night, don't go to Saad's.
Now the food: It's awesome!  I would recommend the falafel and feta sandwich, four grape leaves, onion rings and cheese fries whether or not you are hungry.  Trust me, you'll end up eating it all.
Miscellaneous: It's cheap!  The workers are welcoming and friendly!Came all the way from NY for the Chicken Maroosh sandwich AND the wonderful hospitality. Worth it!!!Impossibly good Middle Eastern food.  You'll never look at a falafel the same way.  My personal fav is the Chicken Falafel.  You'll black out, it's that good.Awesome food, awesome service, a West Philly institution. Never have had anything I didn't love--- the garlic sauce is boss!I very highly recommend the Chicken or Beef Maroush sandwiches, absolutely delicious. The bread is grilled to the perfect balance of crisp/crunch. The meat and veggies are flavorful and fresh, and the garlic sauce works perfectly with the ingredients.
The chicken wings are great too. Not the biggest but they are whole wings. They are fresh tasting, hot, and crispy. They are juicy without being greasy. Get them with a side order of their garlic sauce for dipping, you wont regret it.
The chocolate baklava is a tasty dessert. Nuke it in the microwave for 10 seconds. I tried this 2 minutes before writing this and I wish I had more!
Overall, very fresh tasting, flavorful made-to-order food. My new go-to place for sandwiches. It's easier if you bring cash, though.I love this place! Fabulous chicken falafel, great salads, and by far the best baklava I've tasted. I hope to try some of the other sandwiches soon, but I haven't yet gotten tired of the chicken falafel!I'm mostly vegetarian and I got the falafel done the maroosh way.  it was everything I could have wanted in the sand which!!! OMG!!!! Love their food!!!Great place for halal food and reasonable prices. Food is delivered quickly and their maroosh sandwiches are awesome. Tends to get crowded around dinner and not much seating inside.I have been going here for years and the food and service is the same, excellent! The space is very clean and the food is great. I love thier chicken wings with the garlic dip and pita bread. The garlic dip is thier own creation and is delicious. The chicken cheese steak is another favorite and is not greasy at all. Despite being a religious  restaurant  they provide equal and   outstanding service to ANY and EVERYONE creating a welcoming and diverse environment. Any day of the week they are busy but seating was never really a problem when I go. The only downside is parking, be prepared. Its a 50/50 chance you find something close, illegally park, or have to walk a little distance. Other than that the food is great.Not enough can be said of the glory that is the hummus or a falafel or chicken maroosh sandwich at Saad's.  One of the worst months of my life happened to coincide with their month-long closing in observance of Ramadan.  Okay, so maybe it wasn't the worst month, but it was certainly painful not having the option in my dining choices.
If you want the real deal, skip WAY over Maoz on South Street for this place.  It's authentic, quick, fast, and best of all: cheap.  After I've finished a sandwich, it's likely I won't need much more for the rest of the day.As a West Coast native, I haven't had many experiences with halal food joints. On top of that, I have to be extremely hungry to try something I don't usually order or have a garbage disposal-like friend with me, just in case I don't enjoy it. For these reasons, I decided to try the fish cheesesteak. I like fish and I like cheese -- it was a no brainer. 
I was thoroughly impressed by the GIGANTIC portion that was served to me, and by the delicious and oh-so-bad-for-me combination of crispy deep-fried fish, gooey processed cheese, and savory grilled onions. My only complaint would be that the fish was a bit dry from being overcooked. Because the fish was smothered in sauce and cheese, that ultimately did not matter too much. 
I am impressed that even the less popular items at Saad's are worth buying, and will definitely try the much-loved chicken maroosh next time.The food here is okay, but the man running the business is a racist, plain and simple. If you are not arab or white he doesn't want you to eat here. This man has literally thrown packets of ketchup and bags at me and people I know instead if just handing them over. If you have any self respect you won't eat here.Stopped for quick lunch, very clean place, good food quality, definitely going back in my next visit to Philadelphia.Every time I come here I get great service and amazing food. If you want something that tastes fresh and is different from the normal burger even though they have those, you should definitely try this place out.I had a one day visit to Philadelphia, and I'm fortunate to have been gone to this resturant! The most delicious food I had eaten in a while!The best lamb shawarma is what got me to come here and the chicken maroosh keeps me coming back. The food is awesome and even though Saad's is out of my way, I make time to come and get my fix. I love all of the different Middle Eastern restaurants around Walnut St. in West Philly but Saad's is my favorite.Saad's is the jam, as mentioned by most of the people that have reviewed it.  I've eaten here a dozen or so times and the experience has always been great.
Saad himself is a great guy and I found his quirky "No, you only pay when I give you the food" policy to be refreshing.  As long as you aren't trying to make a call in his restaurant, he is almost certain to be a beacon of hospitality in the often unforgiving wilds of west philly.
The food is delicious.  I see most people have already declared it the best falafel in the city, and I have had no cause to dispute this yet.  BUT, in addition to delicious middle eastern food, Saad's American menu is also delicious.  I've been questing for a decent cheesesteak since I moved here, and Saad's currently holds that title.
For atmosphere and value: 4 stars
For having delicious food and my favorite cheesesteak so far: +1 star
Do it!Go here. Bring cash or friends (credit card minimum). Order the lamb Maroush. Profit.  
If you are feeling extra great, their fries are outstanding and the portion is enough for 2-3 people to share.  
They also have the best rice pudding in Philadelphia.  I know because I order rice pudding everywhere and most places are terrible.Sandwiches were excellent. Chicken Maroosh is amazing. Staff was very friendly.Very good Middle Eastern food, obviously somewhat authentic. They even offer authentic imported beverages!
The food, as noted, was very good, although perhaps a tad heavy on the garlic sauce. The service was decent, as was the venue. I would say it's a bit on the pricey side ($9 for a sandwich).
It is cash-only unless you spend like $30+, so keep that in mind.Really wanted to love this place, but was a little disappointed. I ordered the chicken kabob platter to share with a friend -- it's huge and we couldn't finish between the two of us. 
The platters come with two sides, so we picked hummus and macaroni salad. We each ate only one bite of the macaroni salad and didn't want to touch it afterward. It has a creamy sauce that is pretty unappetizing and made me think of wet socks. The hummus is too watery. I've heard that the lamb platter is delicious, so maybe we got unlucky with the chicken -- it was very dry and not well marinated. The rice is a bit too oily (there are some onions tossed in with it) and the pita bread thin. 
Maybe dining in would have made the platter better since we did order for take out. The fries, however, were pretty delicious. It's a big order for just $4.00 and they're very crispy all around outside and soft inside. Another thing to note: it's cash only below $35 (there is an atm in the restaurant).Very good halal fast food, cheap prices, large portions.Thanks to Yelp, one of my first meals in West Philly had to be from Saad's. And while the thought of pickles and yogurt in my grilled chicken hoagie weirded me out a bit, I delved into the famous chicken maroush sandwich and will never look back.
First of all, I don't think people have accurately expressed out massive this sandwich is (especially for the price). The chicken is so juicy, slightly charred on the outside, and bursting with flavor. Mix that with creamy maroush sauce and crunchy pickles and you've got one (well, really more like 25+) awesome bites.
My sister tried the falafel sandwich w/hummus, which was ridiculous large for being under $5 (seriously lasted her two meals). 
The service was quick and very friendly, although next time I'd probably call in my order so I don't have to wait there for it to be ready.
Will definitely be one of my main spots for cheap and killer food in West Philly!Price! Great Food! 
This is a gem in west philly, just a quick reminder to look up their hours online. I found out they close on Sunday and I drove there and  it was sad since I was craving a chicken marsh sandwich. I usually just take out and ate once but felt a little cramped. The place is very clean and the staff friendly.Best cheesesteaks ever. Chicken Maroosh is amazing as well. Saad and his crew are wonderful- best halal place in philly.Man, this is the greatest place in existence. The Chicken Maroush is the most methodical  and beautifully designed sandwich ever, and I too could eat this all day. It came out to $8.10. The bread is crisp and crunchy and dare I say better than an Amoroso roll. Chicken is succulent and goes so well with the tomatoes and pickles. I could inject the white garlic sauce straight into my veins. 
The no cellphone rule is a wonderful concept, but not enforced at all. I really wish this place wasn't cash only, such a bummer.
I'm really not a person that feeds into hype, but man this is an amazing sandwich. Get the Chicken Maroush, it's absolutely to die for.Saad's was our friday night date place for the longest time. Then we decided that we couldn't spend our lives eating at one place, but we still think about it all the time. We order the veggie platter, chicken maroush, falafel, or cheese steak every time. I should really diversify....but they are all SO good. The onion rings are really good too. Don't get the fries for take out, they can get kind of mushy.This place was a total surprise recommendation and boy was it awesome! I wish I had tried more things but we were on our way to Jims. I had the chicken maroush sandwich and it was amazing! Chicken was cooked great and that sauce was on point. The bread was nice and crisp. I can't wait to go back!Saad's food is terrific and cheap. Service is pretty quick and they are always friendly. A good family atmosphere. My only wish: Tawook during Ramadan!! I'm jonesin' for some!
Ramadan Mubarik to the family.I had high hopes for Saad's going off of the raving reviews and the fact that my quest for a shawarma to compete with the Middle East varieties has been a futile one so far.
However, the fact is that Manakeesh right opposite has not only way more variety, but is seemingly far more 'authentic' and just better. I had the chicken shawarma wrap which was decent but nothing memorable - especially with a lacklustre garlic sauce (the second most important ingredient after the chicken in the shawarma itself imho).
I might come back to try the kebabs here - but honestly, seeing cheesesteaks on the menu here makes me think that this is a place with Americanised cuisine (aka. just not as good as the real deal next door).Love love love this place. Me and my husband go all the time . Muslim or not this place food brings everyone together ! The booths are really tiny though so for bigger people could be a little uncomfortable. During the week this place is very crowded as well not a lot of sitting room.Oh my god. The philly cheesesteak was so amazingly delicious and HUGE. My friend thought I was odd for wanting to get a philly cheesesteak from a halal place but he quickly ate his words and the cheesesteak and we both passed out from happily induced food comas and patted ourselves on the back for finding this place. Except, I found it with the help of fellow yelpers!I grew up around the corner from Saad's and anytime I'm back its on my list of "must eats". 
No, the food isn't gourmet, but it is great wholesome food. The platters are all delicious, fresh, and huge portions. The chicken falafel is what dreams are made of. 
Sad himself is one of the nicest guys, and it always makes me happy to support his business.the chicken maroush is the best sandwich you can buy - bar none. I am overwhelmed each time I eat one. you have to get the sandwich with a small baba ganoush, which is also the best baba I've ever had.
staff: friendly and warm - always smiling. The place rocks!!!I've been meaning to write a review about Saads for a while now. If you are Muslim and in Philadelphia, this is usually the halal place that everyone tells you to go to. It's definitely good and the chicken maroosh has a cult like following. I don't know why, but I seem to like Manakeesh better which is right across from it. The ambience of both places is casual but Manakeesh is a cafe and Saads is pretty much a halal subway. Overall, good food, but I'm not a huge fan of the atmosphere.I use to work around the corner from this place they have some of the best food around this area can say seriousWasn't sure what to expect, but it's good to have low expectations when they are superceded the way Saad's did. The food was fresh, flavorful, and cheap. Service was great too. If I didn't live so far away, I'd be there once a week at least. You can't go wrong with anything on their menu, although I am very biased and loved their chicken maroush, and they make legit baklavah. Also nibbled my friend's tabbouleh, which was great, stuffed grape leaves. Seriously, the list could go on and on. Just go and experience the deliciousness.My friends and I absolutely admired their level of cleanliness! Yes the food was great too, but we already know that. We were sitting there watching the staff repeatedly clean the floors, tables, condiment bottles, and even the TRASH CANS! We were in awe.Wow!  I had heard good things about Saad's chicken sandwiches and they did not disappoint.  Perfectly flavored and very authentic tasting.  As good or better than anything I have gotten in the Middle East.  My daughter got the lamb sandwich which was also delicious.  The meat was tender and juicy.  The place was crowded at on a Saturday night, but while waiting 20 minutes for our order (we did not call ahead) we found two seats facing the window.  Couldn't have been better!Best of Mediterranean food in Philly, i love the sandwiches, recommend koofte sandwich and yogurt drinkReally good food, friendly staff and always fresh. They take phone orders, so by the time I arrive there, the food is ready, so there is no waiting. Clean washrooms, and the restaurant itself is also very clean. Highly recommended.Highly recommend any maroosh. Chicken, beef, ect. Nice cozy restaurant with warm and friendly workers. I don't recommend the Philly cheesesteak but everything else was good.My favorite spot in Philadelphia, the chicken maroosh is one of the best sandwiches ever crafted. Very well run organized and food is always on point. The philly cheesesteak is also amazing.CHICKEN MAROOSH!!!!! The maroosh is probably the greatest sandwich available in the West Philly area. My mouth waters even thinking about it right now and its always hard for me to contain my excitement while I wait for it patiently at a table. I've had a few of the other sandwiches available and they are also delicious but the chicken or lamb maroosh are my usual go to's. The restaurant itself is pretty cool, there is usually seating available but sometimes it can get a little tight. Saad himself is the man, if you go often enough he will remember you and is always very welcoming and down to chat a little. If I'm away from Philly for awhile Saad's is usually my first stop and I usually let Saad know this so he understands just how great his food is. Although I'm glad I won't be taking anymore exams, I'll never forget finishing an exam and basically running over to Saad's to devour a maroosh in its entirety. If you live in West Philly or just visiting, Saad's is a must.This is a must- have every time I come to Philly. Everything is excellent but I love the Chicken Maroush sandwich. Everything is Halal, fresh and made to order. Check out tyre fridge for great drinks from various countries and local bean pies!I can't get over the cleanliness of this amazing restaurant! I ordered the Philly cheesesteak, it was huge and tasted so good! Great food and super clean, doesn't get better than that!Best falafel I've ever had! It's very cozy for a takeout joint. The food is great and the service is friendly. Definitely a staple of the neighborhood.I really enjoy how the staff are so personable with their customers. "Here's your order, James." 
I think my man and I have taken a liking to the chicken maroosh. I may be spelling that wrong. He likes it because he feels reassured that it's halal and cooked properly. He's taken cheese steaks back to his roommates. I personally feel that the cheese steaks are lacking a little. I also had a burger and the bread that was used just fell apart. Maybe that isn't the item to order. Their fries are really good though. 
In addition, please do not talk on your cell phones while in this establishment. It is extremely rude, and whatever it is can wait until you leave. There are visible signs that state do not speak on phones, so don't. I was a little aggravated by the fact the young lady behind the counter didn't say anything to the woman who was yapping loudly on her phone. I would have said something.So, so, so good. The food is delicious, just all around good, and to top that off, the staff is all great. If you're a regular, they remember you, and if you're not, they're still incredibly friendly and fun.
It's one of those restuarants that really has a personality to it, and I'd say the only other place nearby that has a s much personality is Kochs. Go to both. Often.Must be something wrong with me, but I don't really like this place. Never had a dish that I thought was absolutely amazing. I didn't eat this type of food until recently, so maybe I just don't get it.
Yup - I'm glad they have a no cell phone policy.Tried philly cheese steak sandwich - quite big in size but it was mostly ground beef instead of steak inside. There is quite less amounts of cheese in it as well.
This place is on the center of an Ethiopian vicinity but has a manager  of Middle Eastern origin.
The food is also primarily if middle eastern origin like Shwarmas etc..
Parking is tricky and the neighborhood is a little shady but it serves HALAL food per its sign.
My suggestion- don't try philly cheese steak sandwich.
Also pre order on phone before coming here as I will save a lot of time specially because of parking situation.Best resturant in philly period. Amazing food. Clean place. Friendly staff. Safe neighborhood.Great food. Nice staff. Has lots of seating. As a muslim I like how its halal. I only go once a year. I get super excited when I get to go.i love their chicken maroush! i don't typically like sandwiches, but i make their chicken maroush an exception. the chicken is tender, the sweet pepper and cilantro give it a fresh taste, the white sauce is not overpowering, and the crispy toasted bun without too much bread is just the perfect combo. i highly recommend it.My friends and I found this place on Yelp while we were visiting Philadelphia. It was great. Delicious food, fast service, casual atmosphere, friendly staff. We got the chicken maroush (a large sandwich with spiced chicken, tomatoes, pickles and yogurt sauce), which recommended by several reviews; the kafta kabob platter; and a falafel sandwich. Everything was very good.Most of my family doesn't like lamb, so when I get my hands on some good lamb meat I'm really happy. Their lamb shawarma sandwich is amazing! The meat is tender and flavorful, the sauce they put on is delicious, and for the price ($6.50 I think) you get a great lunch. 
I've had that twice and I've eaten there only 2 times...I should try this chicken maroosh everyone's raving on about.
I would try their lamb shawarma platter but it's pretty expensive...most of their platters are, actually. Might be worth it but not really willing to dish out that much for lunch. Thats the only thing keeping me from giving them a 5 star rating.Super vegan-friendly. Some of the best fries in Philly.  Best falafel I've ever had (and I'm a falafel fiend). Baba is INSANE. Hummus is out of control. Prices are dirt cheap. Nicest staff of any place I've ever gone in my life. Last time I was there I got take out, ate in a park, ran out of pita, went back in and ordered more, and when it came out they said, "It's free. Enjoy it." and when I thanked them they said, "We treat our customers right!" 
GO THERE IT'S AMAZING.We ordered the chicken cheesesteaks and regular cheesesteaks. It came out looking great. Taste wise though, was not blown away. It  was ok but have tasted much better at other places. By far great for being halal and the price was really inexpensive.The food is amazing, the service is also really good. One of the best places I've eaten at and I for sure will be going to eat there whenever I'm back in Philly!We tried the Philly Cheesesteak. It was delicious. 
Restaurant is clean and cozy with very friendly staff. 
Definitely a place to go.When travelling, I rely on Yelp to track down random 4.5 star restaurants like this. It usually works out great, but boy was this a disaster! The standards for what is good halal food must be in the gutter if this is the best Phily has to offer... Very friendly service and authentic looking staff and crowd. Sadly I was stunned that the food was so awful. Especially considering $14 is serious coin for an entree at a cash only hole in the wall. Maybe I ordered the wrong thing but the beef kebab was inedible. The meat was lukewarm and stringy as if it were stewed, grilled, then left to sit. The rice was pretty crappy also - and very curious that it had peas, diced carrots, corn, and green beans mixed in. The texture was odd and just didnt work. Even the grilled onions accompanying the kebabs were soggy. The only thing I could eat was the salad. I dumped what felt like 3 pounds of food that was inedible in the trash and left hungry - now gun shy to ever try another Middle Eastern restaurant in Phily. I'm visiting from California, where we have very large Muslim communities, and the halal restaurants in those neighborhoods clown stomp this place. We have Indian, Pakistani, Persian, Lebanese, Armenian, and Moroccan restaurants in spades. I guess it's a telltale sign if a halal restaurant in Philadelphia has to resort to selling cheesesteaks and french fries to stay in business - that kind of BS is just not necessary back home. Yet again, I've found the East Coast to be a desert for ethnic outside of the Big Apple...Chicken Maroush!!!!!! Oh my word. The mint leaves take the sandwich to level 100. I have lived in Philly for 10 years and today was my first time eating here. Wow. I have been missing out. I feel nothing but deep sadness for my belly. I can't wait to share this place with my of state friends when they come visit.My favorite falafel in Philly.  The staff is friendly and the kitchen is very clean. Highly recommend!The chicken sandwich. The portion is big if you aren't a big eater so you may be able to share with someone else.
Fries were just okay so I would skip.
Will come back here whenever I come to PhillyI used to live around the corner from this place, and I loved trying random food from the menu. I have never been disappointed with anything I have been served, and I can be a very particular eater.
The service is very good, if you order enough they remember your name and face. I love that! They always close down for a week to observe certain holidays, which can feel like an eternity when you just want your Saad fix!!Holy halal cow! Is it possible to LOVE a chicken sandwich this much? 
I am pretty sure they must put CRACK ADDICTIVES in the chicken maroosh because it is just THAT good. The medley of  grilled chicken, sauteed onions, lettuce, tomato, parsley, pickles and garlic sauce on a toasted hoagie roll is divine. Oh the garlic sauce.....
Order the Chicken Maroosh Sandwich and your life will be forever changed.Terrible shwarma, their toum is not authentic but simply mayo.the costumer. Service is alright but definitely don't recommendWent here last night while visiting family in Philly. None of us had gone before, looked pretty legit because it was a no frills place... that's where you find the good authentic food! I had the kefta sandwich.. it was SO GOOD. The kefta was very tender, really flavorful. Liked their baba ghanouj, the bread was good, the falafel... mmm. Saad was very nice, very upbeat... new we were lebanese right off the bat, haha. 
I would definitely go all the time if I lived in the area. Will def go again, and def recommend itSaad's is the best Middle Eastern food in the city.  Yes -- it's low key and family-oriented, but it's still a great place to go for lunch with friends, or dinner with a casual date.
The owner, Mr. Saad, is not only friendly and considerate; he is also genuine.  Years after we first started eating there, and despite that we only go there once every few months, Mr. Saad still knows my name and my husband's favorite dessert.  He's interested in the community and in his customers' lives.  His wife, who occasionally works the counter, is equally kind, friendly, and patient.
My favorite foods there: the hummus, the lamb schwarma platter, the falafel sandwich, the baklava.Chicken Maroosh. Enough said. Everything about this sandwich is amazing and words cannot describe it when it's served hot and fresh. All the vegetables are fresh within the sandwich and the bread is perfectly toasted making it such a good meal for lunch or dinner. If you're in the university city area this is a must try restaurant just for this sandwhich alone.I AM Middle Eastern, high standards as we have cooks in the family, and I gotta say Saad's is awesome.  Finally an authentic and reasonable culinary adventure.  The vegetarian platter satisfied me.  The lamb shwarma is amazing, tender and perfectly spiced.  The staff is awesome and the owner is right there.
There is nothing special about the atmosphere however, kind of early-pizza-shopIt took me almost a year of walking by Saad's and smelling the deliciousness wafting out of the restaurant to get the gumption up to try it out.  Saad's has the real feel of a local's spot and it's INCREDIBLE.  The food is cheap, fresh, and just plain delicious.  I really recommend the falafal.  Also, the chicken falafal is good.  Oooh and the grape leaves, and the hummus, and the baba ganoush.  I think you get my point - EVERYTHING is good.If you love halal food go to this place, it is literally the best halal food I've ever had in Philadelphia. Only problem they take cash only but they have an ATM machine, and they have this strange thing about not having any cell phone usage in the restaurant, there are like 70 little signs everywhere it's kind of cute.wow delicious this place has never failed us, french fries! maroush! the baba ganoush????hamburgers like who cares its all delicious and they sell orangina and they're friendly and they'll heal what ails you.When it comes to Saad's there is always an opportunity cost involved....poeple from philly would know what I am talking about...If  I have to go to saad's, then I am giving up on my kabaabs and chicken curry that "KABABEESH" sells a block or two away...
and when at kababeesh, I have to give up my chicken marooush. But overtime I learned how to deal with this dilemma so I can combine "two guilty leasures," so if I dine at one of them, then I order take out from the other....by the time my dinner/lunch is over, my take out is ready as well lol
Anyhow, when in saad's, I always get the chicken maroosh. I dont know how he makes it, but if you eat it once, you will never forget it, literally!!! If I were in New York, I would drive to philly just to have that chicken marooush...which I did when I was driving from NY to Virginia (had to make that stop man there was no way around it) it is that addicting. 
His fries and onion rings are the best, I have not found anything like those here in Chicago. I had tried his philly cheesesteak and he claims he had beaten Tony Look or Tony Lou in a cheese steak competition ( Tony is famous for his cheese steaks and had appeared on an episode of Food Networks Throwdown with Bobby Flay in a cheese steak battle and had won) but I am chicken maroush fan....
If you are in philly, go to Saad's and have that chicken maroush. I had tried making it at home but at no vail....
And yes it is Zabiha Halal....Seriously the best French fries and cheesesteaks out there. The Shish Tawook is also really, really good. The fried fish platter also looks amazing. This place is an absolute MUST every time my husband and I are in Philly. We have also driven about an hour each way from our home just to have Saad's for dinner.The chicken sandwich, accompanied with the rich and savory sauce and crisped bread is absolute perfection. So simple, yet so good and cheap. The service is super friendly, a huge bounty of ethnic desserts, sodas/drinks, etc on top of the amazing sandwiches. Lots of locals here every time. A must-visit in West Philly.Favorite middle-eastern place in Philly, food is great, service can be improved... but if you are polite, considerate and don't use your cell to talk while in the restaurant, you got yourself a very nice meal. If need further practical advice watch the "soup natzi" episode from Seinfeld. Consider yourself warned...Got the chicken maroosh and it was pretty Normal nothing to write home about. Worker didn't even know what was in it like seriously how do you not know what's in your most popular sandwich. I didn't like how it was on a panini, I wish it was on a regular sub. The garlic sauce was good but it was watery unlike the thickness you would find in the Middle East. Chicken was just regular chicken with spices. Idk maybe I've just been spoiled by the amazing chicken shawarmas back in the Middle East.Awesome food!...must try the chicken moroush and the lamb shawarma!The food was good, nothing spectacular - we had the Philly cheesesteak and the Maroush chicken sandwich.
The downside is they don't take credit cards, and waiting for seats is a nightmare. I would take out rather instead. Parking can also be an issueI cannot praise Saad's highly enough. In my opinion, they serve HANDS DOWN the very best middle eastern food in the city. I have just stopped trying to find a comparable lamb shwarma. There's simply no point. If the craving hits, i have to get in my car and drive to west philly and get the lamb shwarma sandwich with extra garlic sauce, which i will proceed to eat on the drive home because it smells so good i cant wait and end up with garlic sauce all over the steering wheel. Worth it. 
The place has a homey feel. It's always packed with local Muslim families and hungry college kids. It's family owned and operated, which i like in a restaurant. Honestly, everything on the menu is a winner. If you're really lucky, you may score a rotisserie chicken if they aren't sold out or all already spoken for. You may be thinking "what can be so special about a roasted chicken?" I wont even try to convince you. But they sell out early every single day, so let that speak for itself. 
The only complaint is that Saad's is so far away. I'd give anything to have them in my neighborhood.Saad's is always a good choice. I LOVE everything on the menu but my favorites are the Greek Salad, Lamb Platter and Lamb Shawarma. The flavors are sooo fresh and the portions are not skimpy. I always visit here when I'm in the area. It's one of my go to places.ok! ok! so i read about the chicken maroosh in a lot reviews, whats this chicken maroosh all about?   i say to myself  let's go see... is it as tasty, as mouth watering  delicious as the say...noooo it can't be .... it isMy mom loves the chicken maroosh. I had their cheesesteak and it's ok. But even $7.50 is still too much for an 'ok' cheesesteak. I could 2/3 of them from the trucks located on Community College of Phila. campus and they actually taste really awesome. The best qualities about Saad's is it's Halal, the owner is very friendly, and my mom loves the chicken maroosh. Otherwise I wouldn't go there.One of my favorite halal restaurants in the world!!! Had my first cheesesteak here and my God was it good! 
Meat was fresh- not rubbery, bread was good. The fries were crispy. Portions were perfect, they give you a good amount of meat!
It's been a couple years... I remember that the place was clean and appealing with tons of other delectable food options! 
You went up and ordered very nice attentive service, they brought us out our cheesesteaks, no Philadelphia stigma or ordering involved you can tell them how you want it and they won't send you to the back of the line... Lol
Overall great experience here! 
I will definitely come again next time I come to Philadelphia.
They make the best halal cheesesteak in PhillyVery good falafel. And the chicken maroosh is the dopeness. Only, I've heard its an anti-cell phone zone in there. Eh some soup nazi thing I guess.Almost a full year later, I still dream about the chicken maroosh sandwich I had at Saad's. 
No, really. It happens every month or so, where I wake up suddenly, stomach growling like crazy, wiping the drool from my mouth and the tears from my eyes as I realize that I'm miles and miles away from what could possibly be the most delicious sandwich ever created. So, it's no surprise that whenever I'm within striking distance of Philadelphia, I will make a dedicated trip JUST to visit this place. 
All hyperbole aside, it really is a wonderful, small, local joint that focuses 100% on creating amazing food and great service. While I was there, I saw folks from all kinds of backgrounds at the super-retro tables in the dining area, everyone quietly eating and chatting (but mostly eating, really). Many people were opting to get their food to go, since the dining area isn't exactly glamorous. But who the heck cares?
The only bit of stern advice I can think of passing on is that unless you plan to order one of everything on the menu, bring some cash to make life easier. And put some bucks in the tip jar, too!I had only eaten their food once (falafel) but I've had the coffee many times.
The Turkish style coffee is awesome. Strong, sweet and thick. 
If you are an espresso drinker, give them a shot (no pun intended). If you love coffee and want to taste the way coffee was originally brewed a thousand years ago, definitely stop in.
Edit-I hadn't been there since I was in college but stopped in the other day, coffee is made in machine now but it's still is very, very good.  Falafel is really good.I was one of those troublesome customers. I needed the man working the register to break a hundred and he did without complaint. When I wanted a cup for water. He actually opened a fresh gallon of water for me. Even though it was troublesome he kinda just cared that I was happy. These little things just made my day. The foods great! But more than that the staff is just pleasant to be around. Which is hard to find in the city. If you're in the area and need a snack definitely come here (:I love Saad's! I have been coming here for years now and I love their food. The chicken maroosh is one the best items on their menu in my opinion and it's a favorite by most customers. However, I personally love their cheeseburgers and cheesesteaks. Don't miss out on their fries and onion rings, they are so crispy and tasty! Some good Arabic dishes are the chicken falafel sandwich and beef kafta platter. I personally find that their food is best eaten when fresh (as in sit-down dining) because it can get soggy if taken out. Be prepared to come on an empty stomach because the food is very filling but incredibly satisfies your hunger! My only qualm is that it can get very busy and it's hard to find seats sometimes. Service is generally quick but can be a bit slower when it's really busy. It's generally busy on Friday and Saturday nights but not always. It's a little bit pricy but the food is so good you almost can't help but eat here often. It is also halal (for Muslims) and the owner, Saad, prepares the meat himself so you know where it comes from. Saad's is a very well-known local restaurant in West Philly and if you are in the area, it is well worth a visit!The only place I frequent as often as Saad's is its neighbor across the street (*cough* Manakeesh *cough* - luckily for them both, completely different food options). The lamb shawarma is absolutely to die for. The veggie combo is a safe and stunning bet which includes the best hummus I've had in Philadelphia. Every time someone visits me from out of town, this is one of the places I'm sure to take them.
Now, it is cash only - which sucks, but since cash is still king in Philly, I guess I cant complain. On a slightly unrelated note, but maybe not since it speaks volumes of their cleanliness, I have LITERALLY never seen clearer, smudge and streak free windows on a restaurant. Ever. Its like there is no glass between you and the best lamb and veggie combo ever.YUMMM just order in advance because that place is always buzzing with hungry patrons!Love this place. Chicken maroosh and hummus are delicious. Great staff, nice clean restaurant.Best falafel in Philly. Great baklava too! The staff is friendly, and Saads is a true gen of west Philly!Chicken Maroosh tastes better than any chicken cheesesteak I have had so far. The only thing I hate is that THEY ARE CLOSED FOR RAMADAN. WTF AM I SUPPOSE TO DO?Ugh everything i ordered was amazing. A little pricy though but the quality was superb.The food here is amazing! You can't go wrong with anything on their menu. By far the best shawarma I have tasted in the U.S. The Philly Cheese Steak was OK, but satisfied my craving for it. Better than NY shawarma any day! The long lines are definitely worth it.The chicken maroush! Oh man, I had it for dinner, and then leftovers for breakfast. And got it again before leaving Philly. Fresh, delicious, tender seasoned chicken nestled in really good bread with an even handedly made garlic sauce and a mix of fresh and pickled vegetables. It's simple, but genius and I actually liked it more than the cheesesteak they're so famous for. The restaurant is small and clean, but packed and busy (understandably) so factor that in. If you're ordering ahead for pick up, it may take up to an hour so don't show up 15 minutes later. This place has rightfully earned its place as a Philly institution and a trip to the city of brotherly love is incomplete without it.Everything is good! Try the fish cheese steak. Garlic sauce on the side for everything.Super nice staff. Fast and inexpensive. Nice bathrooms.
Seriously, seriously, seriously good food. Meat was tender and flavorful; vegetables in the sandwich were fresh and yummy. That sauce on the side.... creamy yet not heavy. Wrapped in tasty pita or bread. Everything in the sandwiches came together...
We took our food (beef kabob, kafta, chicken maroush) to go and started digging in not even a block from Saad's. The only phrase said for 10 blocks was, "This. is. so. good."
NB: Cash only!Possibly my favorite joint in Philly. The place is amazing. The workers are great, hard working, and very friendly. 
The hummus and lamb shwarma sandwich are my favorites. I swear, that sandwich changed my life. 
It is cheap and cellphones are not allowed in this diner-like atmosphere. What could be better?Most amazing halal food, huge portions, and cheap.  A must try! Saad's is located off of a street corner in West Philly. It can get busy during dinner time, but you can always call in advance for your take-out to be ready in 20 minutes. The chicken maroosh was delicious! Tender chicken coated in spices, garlic sauce, pickled pepper, and tomato wrapped in buttery bread. What is not to like about it? Just a warning, it is on the heavy side. It was extremely filling and amazing in my opinion. 
They have amazing mediterranean desserts, too. I will be back to try other things on the menu. There is a $30 minimum for credit card, so please bring cash.I had the chicken maroush and it was delicious. It is chicken with fresh tomatoes and parsley and pickles, with a creamy sauce on top to tie it all together. I would highly recommend this sandwich. I will be trying their lamb sandwich next time, and will update this accordingly. Cash only or debit above $30. No cell phone use allowed. There are signs posted for that last ruleHighly overrated. It's a great thing to have a halal place and they are all very friendly but going strictly on the food, it was surprisingly over-hyped and under-delivered. The cheesesteak sandwiches were decent.. 3/5, needed some salt/seasoning, something/anything. 
I felt the same way for the maroosh which is their most popular Arab dish. It was pretty bland. It had flavor but it was still on the bland side. 
I don't think it's worth the drive from where I am in Central Jersey (40 min) to get Saad's, but in Jersey I rather drive out to Paterson.I love this place. The meat is deliciously spiced and has amazing texture.
Chicken Maroosh and Chicken Sheesh Tawook are great. Their Philly Cheesesteak is better than most others I've had [tender lamb and their special spices].
Also, Saad is this jovial ever-smiling fellow - his love for his work really shines through!Seems to be a popular place so wanted to try it but the worker lied to my face and said they stop taking orders an hour before closing time when the other person who let us in at the door told us kitchen closes 30 minutes before closing time which is when we arrivedand people were still picking up orders off the counter.Great place, best restaurant in the area. the plate have a large size and the price is very coherent and acceptable. The service is also fine I met saad and his wife and there's a new guy there they are all very friendly .
In case you are seeking for healthy food it's also the right place to go , I eat there like three times a week and I am in Philly since like 5 month and I am not experiencing any health problem or gaining extra kilos.
I recommend there definitely the maroush chicken, the chicken wings, falafel for the veggie guys, and cheesestake. As for the platter half a chicken platter and the kafta platter (with Lassi/Laban) are very delicious.I came down here from my trip to NYC and ordered three different sandwiches: 
1. The Philly Cheese (5 Stars)
2. Chicken Salad Sandwich (5 Stars)
3. Chicken Maroosh (3.5 Stars)
Hands down the Best Philly Cheese-steak I ever had in my life-time. The price were about $7 each sandwich, but were enormous in portion sizes, enough for two people. I would recommend this place to anyone who is traveling to Philly or anywhere near East Cost, it would be worth the trip. I'm telling You!Last time I took an uber, the uncle driver told me this restaurant is "belly good, belly belly good". So today I drop by to try. My wife said the sandwich's very good. I didn't bring my eyeglasses so I cannot tell the name of it.Probably one of the best subs I have ever had. First time in Philly and the first thing we did was eat and this place did not disappoint. The service was quick even for a Sat afternoon! Loved the cheesesteak but especially the Chicken sub.Best halal Philly cheesesteak!! I haven't tried anything else but i heard they have delicious lamb dishes and kabab dishes! Must go if you come by phillyUmm yumm
I love falafel and the large, cheap sandwichesGreat Halal cheese steaks and food. Usually like to go there once a month, highly recommended. Only downside is seating area is always packed so get it to go and enjoyI've been to Saad's a few times and this West Philly staple does not disappoint. Even though I have recently given up meat, there were a ton of items to choose from (they have their own veg menu).
This time, I got the falafel with baba sandwich and it was fantastic. I split a generous order of (great-tasting) fries with a friend while we dined in. These folks know how to flavor their food and give broke college students bang for their buck. I will certainly return to Saad's!One of the best Middle Eastern joints in Philadelphia! The staff are very polite and ultra friendly while also providing a clean eating environment. I've made the trip to Saad's Halal Place more than once since I've discovered it!We waited too long for this sandwich. It took them at least twenty minutes to prepare a simple chicken shawarma routine. So don't expect fast food here at Saad. The owner Saad, was there. He was a bit short with us and not as welcoming as he could have been. I'll chalk that up to them being pretty busy this day.
That said, this sandwich had me dreaming of the endless rotating chicken sticks of Beirut. We got Yelp's favorite, the Chicken Maroush. This sandwich is an expert stack of fresh tender, moist, marinated crisp-edged chicken. The chicken is smothered in a gooey, slighty spicy and slight cheesy sauce. All this savoury packed meat is topped with a touch of pickled veggies to create a glorious marriage of meat and sweet. 
This glory is packed into a thin baguette, respectful of my need for a low bread:filling ratio. The bread is nothing special, but it humbly cradles it's glorious filling. 
Check this place out. It's an a neighborhood you've probably never been. It's a truly meritorious exposition of the possibilities of Halal food.Chicken maroosh & the Chicken Shish Tawook- LOVE IT!! Now that i'm rarely in the w philly area during the week, i really miss this place (too bad they're not opened on sundays). I had the maroosh today for lunch and it was so tasty. This is one of my favorite places in philly. I used to eat here on a weekly basis when i first moved to philly ten years ago. The owner is really nice and friendly (not the typical philly service you usually get elsewhere); he's great at remembering names. Maybe they can expand and open one up in jersey? (hint, hint) ;)Good prices and portions served and by far is the best halal cheesesteak I've ever had! Every time I travel to Philadelphia from NY, I have to eat here and take a few cheesesteaks to go. Definitely worth the drive.Amazing... Just amazing. My girlfriend and I travel all the way from Jersey to come here.Very very tasty food. The chicken roast is excellent. Professional staff. I recommend !Awesome find, 15 min walk to Penn. Everything was great here - from Kafta platter, cheesesteak, chicken sandwiches and lamb gyros. Size is big and food is very tasty - best of all, price is reasonable.I loved this place! Everything was delicious, especially the Turkish coffee! Just wish the restaurant could accommodate more people and accept credit cards.We've been back to Saad's a bunch of times since moving here and I wanted point out a couple menu items that have stood out OTHER than the chicken maroush:
-- Baba Ganoush. Got this as part of their vegetarian sampler (which is well worth the $11 or whatever it is) and was blown away by how good it was. Normally I shun baba ganoush and go back to my old friend hummus, but this stuff is the truth. Smoky, bursting with flavor... so good.
-- Lamb Shwarma. Blasphemous as it may sound, I have come to actually prefer this to the chicken maroush. The meat is SO SO SO SO SO tender. Pulls like a professionally smoked brisket and is incredibly juice. The sauce it comes with is chock full of garlic, as well as parsley and cuts through the richness of the lamb perfectly. Add a toasted pita to hold everything together and you've got a champion of a sandwich. GO GET THIS RIGHT NOW!!I don't need you. I don't need you. I don't ....need you.  I don't need you, but I want you.  I didn't know the name.... maroush/maroosh....  all I know is that a friend bought me a chicken sandwich that he said I must try.  It's well-seasoned, saucy, filling, and, apparently, a local Philly fave.  I'd make this a twice-a-month lunch, if I lived there.... sigh.The chicken maroosh was so great, the service is quick & great. I drive out 1 hour just to go eat. Recommend this restaurant to everyone in PennsylvaniaMan - this place is incredible. Not only is the food affordable (less than $10), it is an adventure for your tastebuds. I feel like chicken can be a difficult dish especially since it can be really easy to become bland. This place did an amazing job with the Chicken Maroush. The bread is crisp and crunchy and complemented the succulent chicken and tomatoes and pickles. They have a sign that says no cell phones, but I saw people working there. Man, I really wish I lived closer. I would go here every day. If there is a food-to-cost ratio, this place would be off the charts, not only because the food is amazing, but also because it is so cheap. 
Do me a favor and get the Chicken Maroush here.All I can say is: get the chicken maroosh.  That's it.  It's tender, garkicky, creamy goodness in 1 bite.  Ambiance is practically nonexistent but the food is great.I ordered for pick up she told
Me 30-40 minutes I went there to pick up and they said they never took my order because the phone was breaking up why wouldn't they call back I'm at work at the hospital and took an uber down there and they said I would have to wait another 30minutes for my food I can't do that I had a lunch break so now I'm stuck all night without foodI've been going to Saad's for years. Back when Sony Walkmans were a thing. Back when you had to carry extra batteries just in case your walkman died. I'm talking two two term presidents ago. And what have I noticed about this place? Consistency. While you're arguing over whether the Big Mac or Snickers has gotten smaller over the years, the portions and the fresh quality hasn't changed at ALL.
Food 5/5
Fresh ingredients. Consistent. Delicious. The cheesesteak isn't your traditional Philadelphia cheesesteak, it's huge and they mayo the bread. Which honestly kills me inside because I'm a cheesesteak traditionalist, don't mess with perfection. It's passable though. The lamb and chicken platters are amazing. The rice is always fluffy and flavorful, the sides are good, and the  they give you a good portion of meat, which they better because it's an expensive platter.  The Maroosh is really the cornerstone of this place. That is what you want to order. It's this hoagie that's filled with seasoned chicken, tomatoes, and slathered with Saad's "secret garlic sauce". I'd be willing to give up a friendship over it honestly. Did I mention they toast the whole thing in a panini press? Who does that? Only an evil genius. Or Saad. 
Service 4/5 
This place is in West Philly. Do not expect much. You walk up to the line, order your food and sit until it is ready. Once it is, you get up, get it, sit back down and eat. You don't interact with the employees much at all.  This is the Philly way. It is known. 
Ambience 3.5/5
Didn't I mention this is West Philly? It's cramped and it can get loud. Not good for big crowds. There's a lot of  interesting Islamic calligraphy on the walls and he plays some type of soundtrack that fits the vibe.  It's like you're in a mosque kind of. But you're in...West Philly. If that bothers you I don't even know why you're at a Lebanese restaurant in the first place.
All in all, great food. It's a super popular place because of how long it's been around. But not popular enough considering the quality. Pricey though. And it's cash only below $35, which is super lame. But for that Maroosh? I'm not complaining.This place is fantastic!  I went there for the first time just recently and the lamb maroush was delicious.  It was one of the best sandwiches I've ever had.  I'm definitely going back again and again and again.We had take-out from Saad's and it was incredible. The chicken maroosh is what you'll see in all the reviews but I have to say that the lamb on pita was the best. The veggie platter is always a great bang for your buck. Can't wait to have this again.Great food fast and efficient service. The place inside had booths and searing on the side of the restaurant. Not too good a place for very large groups. There's a masjid and some other Arab restaurants close by. Parking wasn't an issue, street parking was ample albeit a few blocks away. I didn't ever away from the typical, had the cheese steak whichx definitely did not disappoint.Their Chicken Maroosh is my favorite. The staff is very friendly. The wait times can be long though.I'm sitting outside Saad's trying to figure out where to grab food because this is the first time I have ever been told there is a $30 minimum on debit cards and I don't have cash. It's super frustrating and disappointing. This is a new thing, and I'm pretty sure it will affect business.Chicken Shish Tawook, Maroush, fallafel's are superb.Went in to pick up an excellent take-out dinner tonight.  Saad is a real gentleman, kind to all his customers, friendly and courteous.  The lamb schwarma was generous, flavorful, and accompanied by a slightly-too-refined baba ganouj and a well-dressed fresh spinach salad.  We also split a beef kebab sandwich (wrapped in pita) smothered in great sauce.  We were left with more than enough for lunch the next day! The decor is working-class Muslim, but very comfortable for anyone.A must west of center culinary destination.  Fresh arabic cuisine.  Specialties like falafel, hummus and tabouleh.  They also do stuff like cheese steaks and turkey sandwiches for less adventurous eaters.  
I am big fan of the chicken falafel, which uses ground chicken (as opposed to ground chickpeas) with traditional falafel seasoning.  It comes with this awesome garlicky aioli.  The lamb schwarma maroosh style is also very good.  Good hangover remedy.
The owner is also very nice and he runs a tight ship.  Very clean and a strict no cell phone policy...glad someone is addressing this issue.Wow. All the positive reviews on Yelp are true. Saad's Halal is awesome. I went for the chicken Maroosh. The hoagie roll (Amoroso's of course) was perfectly toasted covered with a thick layer of a garlic mayonnaise. The chicken was moist and perfectly cooked. The tomatoes were very fresh and the pickles a perfect accompaniment to the different flavors of this unique sandwich. I may ask for the sauce on the side only as it made this sandwich messy to eat. The sandwich was large enough to feed two and at 7.50 a great value. 
The french fries, though perfectly crispy, were of the standard beer battered type, however the large portion was worth the extra three dollars. 
I also sampled the Greek Salad sandwich, essentially lettuce, onions, feta, olives, tomato in pita. Worth all of the 4.50 I paid for it.
The hummus was also top notch. Just the right amount of oil to make it smooth without being too oily and heavy.
I'll be back to try some more of the international dishes as well as the giant cheesesteaks. 
As many have mentioned cash only and a 30 dollar minimum on debit cards. Order ahead and avoid the 5-10 minute wait for the food.Delicious delicious delicious! We had the Philly cheesesteak and the chicken Maroush and 6 pc of fried chicken wings. 
The food were all super fresh. Chicken was crunchy and crispy and was not oily. 
Philly cheesesteak is the best I have had. Next time though I would ask them to not add the ketchup on my sandwich. Huge portion. The melted cheese at the bottom of the meat is yummmmy! Sandwich is quite a mess to eat so get a fork ready!
The chicken Maroush was mind blowing. The bread was just right in terms of crunchiness. The pickles and the garlic sauce is an amazing sauce that goes super well with the chicken. 
Service was fast and quick. Will definitely stop by again next time we drive up to philly area. Yummy!Easily the best halal place in Philadelphia.  Great atmosphere, great people, and fantastic food.  If you want real Lebanese food, and not the overpriced fare on south street, then you need to come here.  The falafel is some of the best in philly, the chicken maroosh sandwich is a must-try.  I don't think it's on the menu, but ask for the Chicken Falafel.  It will blow you away.Friendly, Delicious and Cheap!
The falafel is good, and you get a huge wrap for only $4.
The Lamb Shawarma is absolutely amazing, and only $6.50 for a wrap.
Wonderful food.
It can sometimes get a little crowded (although they handle it well in the kitchen), but you can call ahead with your order.  Otherwise you might need to wait 15 minutes, but it is definitely worth it.Great place , very clean , the staff are very nice . The food is great , I got the lamb Shawrma plater. Everything on that plate is Deliciouse from the hummes, Taboleh, rice and specialy the meat. I recommend this place to everyone.My go to here is any of the maroush sandwiches with a side order of onion rings or fries. The flavors packed into their maroush sandwiches leave you satisfyingly full yet not to the point of food coma from my experience. I recommend calling in your order for pickup as it usually takes 15-25 minutes to make your order depending on how busy they are. Overall good prices for the quantity and quality of food. Cash and debit card (with minimum) accepted here and overall friendly staff!I went today for the first time in a long time and I don't know why I don't come here more often.  Today, I ordered the chicken maroosh sandwich which is grilled chicken with onions tomatoes, pickles, and garlic sauce on a 1.5ft toasted hoagie.  huge. and wow.  this was so good.  I also ordered a side of fries, perfectly crunchy and so well seasoned.Just sitting here and writing this, I'm getting hungry for a chicken sandwich, Maroosh way.  Saad's is a little place on the corner that used to be a fast food place (Roy Rodger's, or Arby's are two guesses based on the seating set up).  I love the chicken shish tawook and the chicken Maroosh.  In fact I love them so much I've never had anything else on the menu.  
It's not much to look at but the food is great.One of the best uni city places to have middle eastern fare. 
The staff are very friendly and accommodating ;
The menu choices are varied and you have a lot to choose from; we went for chicken maroush and chicken platter. The maroush was just brilliant, saucy enough but also the chicken was grilled well enough to give you a nice flavor. 
The only thing I'd say was a negative was the seating space and arrangement. They get big crowds, and their bar stool type seating arrangements are a little uncomfortable. The other tables had adequate seating though. 
Would definitely recommend for middle eastern food and would visit again for sure.