Stopped by for dessert after a Valentine's Day dinner elsewhere in the city.  It's actually bigger than it looks from the outside and has a decent amount of tables/booths to match.  Have heard Sabrina's mentioned on several occasions as a brunch spot, but have yet to try it out.  Did have some of the chocolate cake that was prominently displayed behind the hostess stand.  I enjoyed a nice "wedge" of cake and it was divine.  The chocolate bits on the mousse-like icing was a splendid way to give the moist cake a bit of crunch to it.  The flour-less chocolate cake was also a nice "wedge" and very dense looking.  My date couldn't finish it and wondered how a flour-less cake could be that dense.  It was enjoyed though, just not to it's demise.  Must try this place in the day time, brunch perhaps.Oh no, is Sabrina losing her touch?! My last experience at this particular location was sub-par at best. When I can't decide on a special, I always revert to one of my favorite dishes- the  Cheddar and Apple Omelet. Sadly this time around, it was lack luster. The eggs were a bit overcooked and the dish was lukewarm when it arrived.
The best thing on my plate were the potatoes and onions, these are always tasty and grilled nicely.
I substituted toast for an everything bagel but that was regretful. The bagel was scantly seasoned and on the stale side-- bummer :(
We shared the classic Challah French toast; it didn't blow my mind but it was good. There could have been more strawberries!
Aside from the food, the service was pretty good despite how busy the place was on a Sunday morning. My coffee mug was filthy which was not ideal but I understand these things happen.
Tip--use the No Wait app to "get in line" so that your table is available when you arrive!Service: Not the nicest staff
Three of us went on a Sunday morning after church. Thus, the wait was anticipated. We only waited for about 10 minutes, which was not bad at all. Important to note that one of us had to step out for something for 10 minutes, but once we were seated, all of us already knew what we wanted to order. However, our waitress continued to avoid eye contact with me for a good 20 minutes. Finally, when I raised my hand to gesture we were ready to order, she rolled her eyes and came over. We ordered for ourselves, and our friend. The food arrived within 10-15 minutes, which was great. 
Again, our waitress, who seemed quite flustered with all her tables, continued to avoid looking at our table. We waited for another half an hour for our bill. Our total time spent at Sabrina's was from 11AM - 1:30PM, which I think is a bit ridiculous.
Food: I got a Soy Latte and the Egg White Primavera, and we shared Chocolate Chip Pancakes. 
1) Soy Latte - Made with La Colombe coffee, pretty great actually.
2) Egg White Primavera - I had only asked for adding one thing - roasted red peppers. Instead, my omlette had barely cooked raw peppers. In addition, there was no salt and ironically, the only "veggies" that were added to this omlette were tomatoes of different colors.
3) Chocolate Chip Pancakes - dry, but tasted good.Three friends and I came here for New Year's day brunch. We used the No Wait app and we were seated almost immediately. The server came by promptly after we were seated to take our drink orders. We gave her our food orders when she came back. Our food came about 40 minutes later. I got the Eggs Benedict with Canadian bacon and I was not disappointed. Portions were large, as usual, but I still wish I got more home fries.Amazing! Huge huge portions! Went there for brunch and sat at the bar because it was so crowded. But nonetheless I had a great time, loved the food and atmosphere. The staff are super friendly there.Parking is hard to find but this out of towner did it! Its all on-street. Sabrina's was easy to find and is located in a beautiful building. I actually just should have walked here, its that nice out and very pedestrian friendly. I got to sit against the rotunda wall/wall of windows. What a great spot!
I ordered a cup of coffee, the challah french toaste and a side of homies. Everything was really delicious and fresh tasting. Service was really great and quick. Just a wonderful experience.Sabrina's (regardless of which location) overall is a solid, safe brunch place to take friends and family from out of town to. 
Pros:
-- Dishes are very VERY filling -- do not attempt to order multiple items because it is a daunting feat to even finish one plate of food!
-- A number of vegetarian and vegan options to choose from and substitute with!
-- Tofu Scramble is amazeballs!!!
-- The Fairmount location is BYOB (not sure about the other locations)
Cons:
-- Do expect a long wait time... I would recommend calling ahead of time to make a reservation
-- Weekend brunches, in particular, can get extremely crowded. So be prepared to be in a room full of people and expect a high noise level.
-- If you end up on the waiting list at this location, expect to wait outside for there is very little room inside to wait (unless you're fine with blocking the indoor foot traffic). 
-- The sweet breakfast dishes are extremely sweet, to the point that it can get sickening... I would recommend the sweet breakfast items to be something shared.I know that Sabrina's is famous for brunch, but I am a big fan of Friday night dinner there. New Sabrina's is cozy and the food is delicious. Also, while some people go there for legitimate dates/other semi-fancy occasions,  you can show up dressed down (by which I mean clothes that may or may not be pajamas)  and no one looks at you funny. They just point you to a booth and then bring you crusty bread and olive oil. The two best things about dinner- never a wait, and the chocolate layer cake. Seriously, it is the best chocolate cake I've ever had.I love this place. I think I might be obsessed with this place because this is where I take all of my visiting friends out for brunch on saturdays. Call beforehand to get on the queue and usually when you arrive, the wait time has decreased and you'll be quickly seated. The french toast, buttermilk pancakes, and huevos rancheros are awesome. As for the the brunch specials, all of them are good but a consistent favorite of mine is the eggs benedict. This place also serves yummy burgers if you want to come here for dinner.I love this little diner. Delicious food and coffee, good service, and a nice casual atmosphere. Since I discovered this location, I've been going about once a week. I used to go to the Powelton location on occasion, which is also great, but not as great as this one; I think because the other location is overwhelmed by university students.
Breakfast items and burgers are great choices here, and make sure to check out the always-amusing, frequently-changing specials menus.everyone looked absolutely miserable here. like all the servers and hosts seemed stressed and put on such a fake fronts. also the food is way overpriced. not worth it at all.On this rainy and overall yucky morning, I had a Seinfeld moment and found parking right outside of the restaurant.  How good is that? A good omen for a good breakfast.
I was a little surprised that the place had that old school coffee shop character with all that hipster patronage, but it felt warm and a bit frenetic.  It was 3/4 full at around 9am.  
I got the Huevos Rancheros with good guacamole, and an intriguingly smokey and spicy, but nicely light red bean topping which I preferred to the usual heavy and indistinct refried bean glop.  I think there were bits of chorizo in the mix. The blue fried corn tortilla was light and crispy and kept its crunch throughout the meal.  Only thing I didn't like was that the fried eggs came over hard.  Usually like it over easy.  Need to ask next time.  The home fries were terrific, chunks of piping hot, crisp on the outside and almost sweet on the inside taters. This is the best that America has to offer, I swear.
The La Colombe coffee was good and fresh.  Service was friendly yet uninstrusive.
As I left with my left overs, my car was still out front, with 10 minutes to spare on the meter.  Good quick service with exemplary food.  Very un-Seinfeld-like.Amazing food and fabulous service at more than affordable prices. 
The Mexi Scramble is simply HEAVEN. Black bean grits and cilantro pesto are to die for...
Their pineapple juice is seriously delicious also- tastes just like you're drinking straight up blended pineapple!My biggest issue with Sabrina's was the blandness of my food. For the positives, I liked this cafe's cute atmosphere, the music and the service. Our waiter was friendly, but he didn't know much about the different menu options. We ordered parmesan fries as an appetizer; the fries themselves were good, but I don't see why they're called 'parmesan' fries when they were barely seasoned with cheese...or salt. 
I ordered the vegetarian Greek sandwich: a pita stuffed with falafel, cheese, olives and garlic hummus. Unfortunately, my sandwich came with only one very small small piece of falafel, and the rest was overloaded with hummus and olives. I was basically eating an olive sandwich half way through; even worse, it had little to no flavor. Maybe I just made a bad selection, but I won't risk wasting another 11 dollars here.Tasty and the portions are generous. Not typically a sweets fan, I had the key lime cheesecake and it was yummy.Can't say anything bad about this place other than long wait on weekend but that's not unique to them. Everything here was amazing and great prices, fast service, etc. French toast specials and has Browns were some of my favs but looking forward to trying more.Not a review, but a copy of the letter I wrote to GQ after they did not mention Sabrina's in an article on American Breakfast eateries.  Instead GQ mentioned the "scrapple" at Little Pete's.
Dear Editor,
     I am writing to report you for breakfast blasphemy, as you failed to mention Sabrina's Cafe of Philadelphia in "A GQ Guide to the Most Important Meal of the Day."  You have not breathed air until you have eaten at Sabrina's.  There are even two locations for your complete indulgence.  
      Instead of mentioning the place where Buddhists achieve breakfast nirvana while brunching on "Bad Girls Quick Draw 'Yee Haw' Tex Mex Breakfast" or "Stuffed French Toast" with "cream cheese and mascarpone, filled with raspberry, champagne poached pears, red grapes and roasted walnuts"; you mention Little Pete's "scrapple".  Next time just club a baby seal and serve rare on a Thomas English Muffin.service is impeccable. The food is delicious and reasonably priced. everything you could ask for in a diner. its byo as well which lends to a more affordable meal. I had a  specialty burger which was insanely filling and even more delicious the server we had was exceptional and she took very good care of my girlfriend and I. We love it here and will go out of our way to return soon.Had dinner at Sabrina's with my wife and 6 others this past weekend. They are really known for their brunch, but do not overlook this spot for dinner. Atmosphere is super casual and you can not beat BYOB with zero corkage fees. Food was excellent for the diner-style fair that makes up the menu and service was great as well.If you want excellent, interesting food for a great price, and a lot of it then Sabrina's is the place for you. The breakfast, and lunch are excellent and they always have creative and new menu items whenever I go in. The only downside is the wait, if you go, to early to beat the crowds.Was absolutely, positively BLOWN AWAY!!  I am not a foody by any stretch of the imagination. But, this was literally the best breakfast that I have ever had in 55 years. Everything was perfect. All I had was an omlette with bacon. Basic stuff. I can't really describe why so good. Just really flavorful and perfect. Go!!!The food here is terrific. They make the best french toast on the face of the earth and they make a killer breakfast sandwich.Was told to try this spot out. To start the wait was an hour. Heard good things so we waited. The food tasted fresh. The veggies and food itself had a clean fresh taste. Besides that the food is just ok. Nothing special. Maybe it's just a Philly thing but i wouldn't go again. It's definitely a hipster place. Portions were good sizes though.Came in for a Sunday brunch based on the reviews, and we weren't disappointed. The staff is friendly and helpful, the food is really good, and the portions are big.  We checked in ahead of time on Nowait, and we're seated within 5 minutes.I dream about the regular stuffed french toast and the specials are as hilarious as they are delicious. You really must go if you have never been. You can keep Pats and Gino's-this spot is a Philly treasure!Ok ok.... I am probably going to get a lot of heat for this review, but they're all subjective right?
I have lived in the Spring Garden neighborhood for a year and for a year I have been dying to trying Sabrina's. Everyone I spoke to kept telling me how incredible it was, and how the wait (although insane) was always worth it. 
On a particularly hungover Sunday I decided to arm myself with patience and go stand in line for a big indulgent breakfast. The wait for a table for two was about 45 minutes. The place is small and since it was still chilly outside, most of us were jammed in the entrance. I saw big plates of yummy food coming and going, and the amount of people willing to wait for a table was so crazy that I had no doubt this would be a mind-blowing experience. 
When we finally sat down the service was fabulous. I am sorry I don't remember the name of the sweet server who helped us, but despite the crowd she was attentive and pleasant. I ordered a bagel with lox, my friend ordered a healthy plate of fruit and granola. Since I wanted to get a better taste of the place, we also ordered a short stack of pancakes. No frills, no healthy stuff, just straight pancakes with lots of butter and syrup. 
Although the meal wasn't bad per se, it wasn't all that mind-blowing either. I grew up in South Jersey so I am used to diners and (and here is where everyone is going to hate me) I thought Sabrina ranked among the more mediocre Jersey diner I've tried. I don't understand the hype, unless it is simply the lack of a diner in that area. I personally make better pancakes at home, and the line for a table is definitely not worth it. 
Maybe I simply chose the wrong menu items, but I am not sure I'll have the patience to wait another 45 minutes on an empty stomach to risk another OK meal. 
Sorry Sabrina!Great spot for breakfast. Good tasting food & generous servings. Staff is friendly everytime I go.Sabrina's cafe is great! The wait can be a little long at times, but I think it's worth it (try going earlier in the morning)! On my most recent visit, I brought a friend from out of town here to get some brunch before checking out Philadelphia. We were so overwhelmed by the many choices for brunch! I was truly in love with the late night television show theme too! I got the "Jon Stewart's Moment of Eggs Zenedict Florentine" and I thought it was amazing. It was poached eggs, spinach and hollandaise sauce on an english muffin, but I added turkey bacon, avocado, and tomato and it was DELICIOUS. I highly recommend. 
I've been before this trip and also tried the stuffed french toast, huevos rancheros, and the build your own breakfast sandwich option. All great choices - honestly the whole menu looks phenomenal and you can't really go wrong ordering off of it. Even though the place is pretty busy most of the times, the staff is usually really pleasant and handles the rush very well. Busy tables does not equal slow service here! The decor is eclectic and homey - gives it an old-time diner feeling that I kind of adore. Keep in mind that this place is a BYO too! Bring a bottle of champagne and order some OJ to get your Sunday Funday started off right!Since my last review, I've been back to Sabrina's twice and I have to say that these two added stars are well-deserved.  I had some good food there, namely the egg salad sandwich (the sides -- slaw and sweet potato fries -- were really yummy), the tomato eggplant stew (not great, but better than just edible), and the red velvet cake.
One thing that has upped my review is a change in the service.  I think it really does depend on the day.  When the place is slow, like on a weeknight, the servers really take the time to be kind and friendly.  Maybe on busy days, they are rude because the place is understaffed and they're stressed.I visited Sabrina's on a blustery cold Saturday morning for brunch. I had to drag my husband along - he generally avoids activities such as brunch, thinking that they are far too hipster for him. Thankfully I did my research and knew to call ahead - I was quoted a 20 minute wait, and once we arrived 15 minutes later we waited about 5 minutes, while other two top walk-ins were given 1 hour+ wait. Definitley call ahead!
Not being from the area, BYOBs are just a very strange thing to my husband and I and we can not wrap our heads around the idea that it's okay to show up with our own booze - but people all around us had brought their own sparkling wine for DIY mimosas (and their orange juice is really good!). The idea that a BYOB is better is also weird to us , so minus one start for that (yes, it's cheaper...but I don't mind spending a bit more and not having to tote my own booze).
We both ordered off the special Broad City menu - I had the nachos, my husband had the special french toast. Both were really good. In the end, my "too good for brunch" husband even said he'd go back, which is the highest honor he can bestow on a breakfast joint.I didn't give this place only one star because it certainly could be worse, but I definitely won't ever go back. 
I've eaten here twice for brunch and been extremely underwhelmed with the food each time. I will admit, I have pretty high expectations when I go out for brunch because I feel like it is hard to screw up breakfast food. Also, since it is my favorite meal of the day, it isn't hard for me to be in love with whatever savory or sugary masterpiece that is placed in front of me. 
The wait can be long; it is very busy and loud, all factors that would lead one to believe that a fantastic meal would be had by all. 
Sadly, you will be disappointed. Just go somewhere else. Seriously.This place is overrated and overpriced. It's a popular brunch spot in Philly (probably because there are very few), but it's not too impressive. I went a couple times just to make sure I wasn't catching them on a bad day. 
Service: The greeters are not friendly but the wait staff is a bit more pleasant. 
Food: Overpriced. The taste wasn't bad but it also wasn't worth what it costs.
Ambiance: It's a bright place and the decor is absolutely lovely. I could sit in there all day.Mm mm mm! Scrumptious brunch spot with great service! I had the stuffed french toast which was simply heavenly! I had just arrived in Philly so I had my suitcase with me (bad move when going to a popular brunch spot, I've learned!) and the host helped me find a spot for it so that I didn't have to awkwardly navigate the crowd. 
The coffee was marvelous, and I am still dreaming about that cream cheese and banana stuffed challah french toast... my friend's savory egg dish looked lovely too, and maybe I'll try it next time I visit (though I am not one to mess with perfection!). Sabrina's was slammed, but we had a reservation and were seated promptly. Everyone who worked there seemed to love their job, too! 
Fyi, portion sizes are humungous, so you'll either satisfy a ravenous appetite (as I did!) or have a treat for the next day (if you can wait that long!).One of the better and well-known brunch locations in Philly is Sabrina's. Owners Robert and Raquel DeAbreu named the original restaurant on 9th and Christian Streets after their daughter. Recently, for Memorial Day brunch, the GF, our friend, and I went to the second location, which includes the name of their son.
And based on the success of these two joints, a third location in University City, by Drexel campus, was opened last year. The inside of Sabrina's Cafe & Spencer's Too is highly reminiscent of a neighborhood cafe/diner. Offering a relaxed and friendly atmosphere, with the occasional snarky, yet fun waitress, it's one of our favorite places to grab brunch.
And being that Sabrina's is BYO, our friend brought some champagne along to pair with a pitcher of OJ. And yes, as expected with most BYO's, the markup on the pitcher of OJ is around 400%.
But back to the good. Sabrina's is great in that they have an ever changing menu of specials. Arrested Development aficionados known that Michael Bluth and company are back in action. So natch, Sabrina's had a bevy of 'Arrested' brunch specials. Creative, whimsical, and most importantly delicious, what's not to love? 
But on this particular outing, we decided to get all of the 'signature' breakfast items.
Huevos Rancheros ($10.99)
2 blue corn tortillas, smoky chorizo sausage sauce, lime sour cream, spicy guacamole, 2 fried eggs, fried jalapeno pepper
I opted for the huevos rancheros - a nice medley of different flavors, all highlighted by the bright lime sour cream. The fried eggs and chorizo sausage sauce helped to create a hearty dish, with the blue corn tortillas offering some fried texture. The guacamole was nice, but not particularly spicy, though the fried jalapeno pepper had a tempered heat that was nice to add to each bite. The accompanying home fries were crispy on the outside and creamy inside. 
Perfectly seasoned, I could eat these by the ton.
Barking Chihuahua ($8.99)
Flour tortilla, scrambled eggs, black beans, red peppers, pepper jack cheese, sour cream, marinara
The GF and our friend both got the barking chihuaha, which amounts to Sabrina's breakfast burrito. A nice iteration of this oft-seen dish, the flour tortilla had a nice grilled texture to it and contained a humongous allowance of perfectly scrambled eggs, black beans, and red peppers. The piquancy of the pepper jack helped to brighten up the dish, with the sour cream and sweet marinara adding creaminess. The fried corn chip strips helped to add additional texture to the dish. A pat of home fries accompanies the burrito as well.
Stuffed Challah French Toast (1/2 order $5.50; full order $9.99)
Farmer's cream cheese, bananas, vanilla bean syrup
Pro tip: No matter what, get a half order of the stuffed challah french toast. If the previous two dishes were signature Sabrina's, this is their crown jewel. Not listed on the menu as a half-order option, our waitress knew that we were clearly veterans of the establishment just from this order alone. The french toast is humongous, with a nice grilled exterior and a creamy, eggy interior. This all houses a cinnamon cream cheese that is intensely sweet, yet you just can't stop with one bite. The vanilla bean syrup and fresh banana slices brings this over the top. Definitely a perfect way to end brunch.
Want another tip? On weekends, Sabrina's is packed, so expect to wait at least an hour for a table. So what's a hungry bruncher to do? Call ahead by about an hour and ask to have your name put down. That way you can stroll over when it's about time for your name to be called and you won't have to wait with the rest of the sheep on Callowhill. 
Frankly, Sabrina's is a great place to go for any meal - not just brunch. The prices are affordable, the portions are generous, and the food is tasty. What's not to love with this Philly institution? And an added bonus? Their brother restaurant is Spencer ETA - so you know their burgers are on point too!I really liked this place.  The portions are large, the quality of the food is excellent, quite tasty, the prices are reasonable, and the staff does a good job.
They serve breakfast all day, so at 2pm on a Sunday, I had the Steak N Eggs Breakfast.  It is a flat iron steak on a bed of arugula with two eggs.  The steak is cooked to your liking,as are the eggs. A roasted plum tomato chimichurri is served on the side.  It also comes with home fries.  It was all delicious.  
Because it is fairly popular, there was a wait, even at 2pm on a Sunday afternoon, so be prepared for that.  Also, there are a lot of tables in a fairly small space, so it is a little tight.
Overall, I felt very comfortable here, and really liked the food.  This is a place that I would certainly come to again.This is the best brunch place in the Logan Square area.  It is crucial to get there before 9am in order to not wait for a table.  We have been able to make it in early on the weekends several times and have been very pleased each time, but the crowd is never far behind.  When I walk by this place later in the morning, the crowd is completely out of control.  
Okay, so the crowd and the necessary crowd control is by far the worst aspect of this place.  On cold mornings, the masses are cramming themselves into the door, blocking waitresses ways, and breathing down the neck of diners who had the misfortune of getting seated near the door.  Assuming you can get away from the door and the mess, and get yourself seated, the food is wonderful and the service is super quick.  The breakfast specials are always the best.  They have very unique and original offerings for meat lovers and vegetarians alike, along with the traditional breakfast menu fare.
This place has a great traditional diner feel, delicious food, and quick service.  Its great.HUUUGE breakfast portions. Stuffed French toast was delicious, crispy outside, tender inside, and astoundingly massive in size. Egg sandwich (also large enough for two to share) was basic but just about as good as it gets - perfectly cooked scrambled eggs, tasty cheddar. Turkey bacon was good not great. Asked for avocado on the sandwich but sadly was only given a really tiny amount ... probably 1/6 of an avocado total.
Heckuva deal at Sabrina's, big (breakfast) portions of very good food at reasonable prices. I'd happily return to share one huge order as long as they didn't crank the air conditioning so much inside, it was literally 55 degrees in there!The menu was full of options for breakfast, brunch, or lunch.  I had the John Hancock Signature Sandwich w/ sweet potato fries & my girlfriend had the Huevos Rancheros.  Both were absolutely delicious. The wait staff keept out glasses full and made sure we had everything we needed, 5 star service. 
We happened to get a table for 2 right away,  but I would show up early as other reviews may have suggested...there was a big line when we left around 12 or 12:30.My favorite brunch place in Philly. I love the wait staff here and the atmosphere. Its a little tight, but it feels homey. I love the brunch selection - its always delicious! Although dinner is a bit pricey the food is very well prepared and tastes amazing. 
I was always surprised when I walked to church on Sunday morning the line in front of the restaurant for brunch! Definitely go at other times (they serve breakfast all day) to avoid the wait!Awesome meal.
We were there a little early (19h) so it only started filling up after that. Beautiful restaurant situated in an house...reminded me of the house of the witches from Charmed. No sign, so slightly hard to find.
Large variety available. We had Mel's Chicken cutlet (sweet potato fries) and Spencer's slammin' pulled pork (Polenta fries) sandwiches. Huge dish, tasty, excellent. Mel's is spicy...beware!
Definitely comin' back if in the neighbourhood!Given how often I'm at Sabrina's, I'm surprised I haven't written a review yet. Sabrina's is one of our usual lunch places. My girlfriend and I often go there when we are starving since they have generous portions, to say the least. Of course, I'm more about quality than quantity, so I can attest to the tastiness of most everything I've had there. Some of my usual go-tos are the Huevos Rancheros, the grilled veggie sandwich and Mel's Chicken Cutlet. They also have awesome omelets (Apple and Wisconsin Cheddar, yes please), and you have the option of creating your own. Their breakfast items are served all day which is definitely a feather in their cap.
They have daily specials and, at times, I have been mildly disappointed with them as some of them haven't lived up to the description, but that might say more about their clever descriptions. That said, I've also had really good specials, so I guess they are just a little hit and miss. The coffee is just all miss, which is a shame because we also head there when we're feeling breakfasty.
The service is always friendly and competent.Great way to start a date with my wife french toast was so big and filling great prices and very friendly service walking distance to many attractions really enjoyed itI was back in Philly this past weekend and met a friend here for brunch before church. Having lived in University City for six years, I've been to Sabrina's plenty of times but this was my first time coming on a Sunday morning. We arrived around 10am and were originally told there would be a 30 minute wait since the place was already packed, but thankfully we were seated in 5 minutes. Neither of us were super hungry and knowing Sabrina's portion sizes, we decided to split one order of the Michael Myers Would Kill For This Mexi Special from their Halloween-themed specials, as well as a side of home fries with cheese. Our server was thoughtful enough to have this brought out on two separate plates for us -- and we were still shocked at how big the individual portions were! Plus, since the Mexi Special (a tasty combo of all the good things in life i.e. green chili biscuit, pepper jack cheese, eggs, mushrooms, ground beef, roasted butternut squash, smoky roasted tomato sauce, salsa and avocado) already came with home fries, she offered to just add some cheese to them at no charge. Awesome :)
Five stars for a yummy and filling brunch and great service. Bonus points for having three different types of hot sauce to choose from - sriracha, Cholula's, and Frank's! Sabrina's will always be a must-visit every time I'm back in town.The food at Sabrina's Cafe was delicious but the coffee was terrible. Wait time was half of what was quoted which was great...Friendly staff, will probably go back to explore more of the menu...Yup, we definitely ate here TWO days in a row for brunch.
Both mornings, the cafe was packed TO THE GILLS (45 min+ wait) but we lucked out both mornings by grabbing counter seating. SCORE!
Service was friendly and attentive, and both meals that I had were FANTASTIC.
Day 1: Stuffed Challah French Toast - thick slices of bread loaded up with sweet cinnamon cream cheese....tons of syrup...need I say more?
Day 2: Barking Chihuahua - breakfast burrito with eggs, black beans, cheese - served with roasted potatoes!  Yumm!
Both meals were fantastic, and hubs loved his two choices too (Day 1: he had the special 'Solar Flare' Stuffed Challah french toast, and Day 2: the pumpkin pancakes with berries and other awesomeness - he declared them the best pancakes he has ever had in his life)
Also a huge fan of the coffee (strong, and your cup never goes empty!)The stuffed french toast was out of this world. I also had an omelette an a latte, both of which were amazing. This place is really crowded so definitely call and make a reservation first. Even with a reservation we had to wait 10 minutes a on Saturday at noon.Delicious!! We got huevos rancheros, tofu scramble, and homemade granola with soy milk! SO YUM.Sabrina's serves great food, great coffee, and a great places to take out of town guests. 
This is just my favorite because it's the most comfortable and the least likely to have to wait long for a table. Am pretty sure there is nothing to say that others have not said, but personally I'm a huge fan of the seitan cheesesteak here. Vegan & vegetarian friendly but also great for meat-lovers.There normally is a wait to be seated every weekend but it's well worth the wait.  Brunch is amazing especially the stuffed french toast!  Staff is great and food is well executed in a timely fashion.I absolutely love Sabrina's and I wish that it was located in Boston! The atmosphere is very homey, and the staff are incredibly friendly. We ended up sitting at the bar for a shorter wait time and we have the most lovely server. All this, and the food was also amazing. Everything we had was delicious.This is one of the 'go to' places when I have friends in from out of town.  I love everything about Sabrinas.  Except the very long waits that can occur in the mornings on the weekends.   I would highly recommend getting there when they first open or be prepared to wait a while.  I have always had great service.  The space is tight.  Usually in the winter when people have very puffy jackets with them and over their seats, it can become a bit difficult to move through the restaurant. BUT, it still would not deter me from going back.Amazing menu. 
unique and creative.
huevos rancheros was deliciousI enjoyed the variety of flavors in the dishes here, but the portions are way too big. I liked the atmosphere, and our server Evan took care of us with charm and wisdom. Very pleasant dining experience. Food for parties of 2-6.I've gone to all of the Sabrina locations and this one has a nice and comfy feel to it, much like the one in South Philly, but it still has it's own unique vibe. The service is great! Portions are always more than enough. This time I shared the Mexican Mac and cheese with my friend which turned out to be pretty filling on it's own. I love how it worked out since we both didn't want to order individual entrees or only get appetizers. The entree itself was extremely delicious!! It was a very different Mac and cheese, but so good, I would for it again.This is the best brunch place in the city.
Try the stuffed French Toast. Period. 
The Huevos Rancheros is also really good and so is the Southwest Chicken Salad. The service is helpful and attentive and we usually get sat pretty quickly even though they're super busy.Sabrina's is a really cozy brunch place near the museums. It's situated slightly farther than how much I'd like to walk for brunch, or else I'd frequent it more often.
Expect to wait on a Sunday even close to 2PM. You can call in before hand to put your name on the list. One tip is if you go with just 2-3 people and don't mind sitting at the bar, it's free seating. (So, whenever anybody gets up, it's a free for all for the seats). That's what we ended up doing.
They have their regulars as well as a special brunch menu that is continuously updated. This week, it was MTV themed. So, I got the Tila Tequila Mexi Special. It was a fried tortilla shell, topped with mango pulled pork, two fried eggs, salsa, and a lime sour cream. It also came with an order of home fries. You can ask for ketchup and hot sauce (they also have Siracha!). 
My boyfriend got the stuffed challah french toast everyone has raved about. You can add extra ingredients on for 50cents, or substitute the banana topping with something else. He switched it out for strawberry, which was perfect because the stuffing already had bananas in it!
The portions are big. Two dishes would have fed three, but one is not enough variety for two to share! We ended up taking half of the french toast home. Looking forward to the leftovers for breakfast!BYOB brunches are whack.
Waiting 40 minutes for a table is whack.
Being cramped into a booth is whack.
Quick service, inexpensive and one-of-a-kind brunch items, as well as ahi-tuna burgers, and beautiful patrons....well, let's just agree...
THAT's NOT WHACK.I love Sabrina's Cafe! I find this place very lovely and the food is delicious. I got the stuffed french toast and it was unbelievable great. The cheese eggs was amazing. The fried potatoes was good too. The portion size was great  as well.
My only critique is that we waited 15 minutes to be greated by our server. But he turned out to be great. I believe he was the only server on the floor and this particular night was moderately busy.
I'll definitely be back!First, I'll say this is an interesting space... multi-purpose dining... house?
I don't know... judging from some of the other photos here I may have missed out. My challah french toast definitely didn't look that exciting in comparison. It was cool for what it was, but honestly not too memorable. The sausage and eggs I had were pretty standard too. I suppose, most of all I liked the dining experience as I'm rarely in Powelton Village for anything. It was an early weekday morning so the waiting that other people mention wasn't an issue for me. We were seated no problem.
And to all the Drexel med school girls, I noticed you noticing me and I just wanted to put you on notice that... I noticed you too.
And to Sabrina, it's not you it's me.First brunch spot of the weekend that my friend and fellow yelp elite Yiwen S took us to. It was my first time visiting Philly and my goal was to EAT well since I believe that one can experience a city by eating it's food. I knew I was in good hands with Yiwen S.  
Sabrina's set the bar high for the rest of the trip. I had the brunch of the irish special which was a hearty meal that hit the spot. We also shared the stuffed French toast. Let me tell you, when the dish came to the table - my  mouth dropped. I had never seen a French toast quite like this. It was stuffed with cream cheese and tasted OH SO GOOD. My girlfriend and Yiwen shared a huevos rancheros on a crispy tortilla with lime sour cream (HIGHLIGHT) and guac. Good stuff. 
We were sufficiently stuffed after the meal and looked forward to experiencing more of Philly's good eats over the weekend.Sabrinas has started using the NoWait app, and it is the best solution to the Saturday morning wait problem. I can "get in line" using my phone from my house. Once the line is down to a few parties, I head in. 
The service has also improved considerably. The last two or three times I have gone to Sabrinas, my coffee was never empty for long. I am so excited to be able to go to Sabrinas again!A+++++
Amazing
Awesome
First time going here, safe to say I be back here definitely, It looked small from outside but really big once you get inside..
My friend and I were seated quickly once we came inside,  our  nice waiter Jayson came soon after with our menus and asking us wanted we to drink while we decided on our food.
We were not totally sure what we wanted, cause we did not know if we would like it so I ordered the Buttermilk short stack pancakes and my friend got the signature challah french toast. So that we can taste... I underestimated the pictures on yelp, one plate was enough to feed 2 people by itself!!! 
We barely could finish the pancakes they were so nice and fluffy & thick and the french toast thick as well and crunchy with nice sweet cream cheese filling... heaven.. pork sausage I found a bit too sweet.. but not at all bad and friend had turkey sausage bit more chewier and crunchier than the pork also sweet as well...
We was not disappointed, Jayson came to check on us throughout our meal to make sure we was all good.
This place was not super busy, but semi full we came at around 10:30 am I believe.  It did start to pick up at around noon but no long lines as the reviews says, but we went on a weekday specifically Monday.
All in all it was excellent, my friend and I will be back with bigger stomachs and less greedy eyes to conquer the french toast !This was a cute little brunch spot. We went around dinner time but they still served their signature breakfast dishes. The atmosphere was very cute, quiet and cozy. Our waitress was very friendly and patient, since we had a tough time choosing what to order. I would definitely recommend Sabrina's to people looking for a good quality meal and welcoming atmosphere.This place was BOMB! The decor isn't much to ooh & ahh over but the food is AHHHHMAZING! Together we ordered the stuffed French toast and the loaded lax bagel (salty and sweet-duh), both were superb. The servers were all wearing their own clothes which gave the perfect lazy breakfast vibe that we craved. Definitely glad I listened to my fellow reviewers and stopped here during my trip to Philly!Great atmosphere. The wait staff was ok...just felt the heel of their shoe in our backs as they were 2 hours away from closing and they were really trying to get us out.  I ordered the barking chihuahua...good food...fast fast service..will definitely come back again.This place always seems so busy but I never had to wait for a table. The service was great - perfect for an in/out lunch. They have excellent vegan and vegetarian options; the tofu scramble was my favorite. 
They lost a star because one of the salads was pretty weak. I think it was their asian salad that was supposed to have all of this extra stuff in it (edamame, avocado - which I may have requested, and some more), but it turned out to be a big bowl of lettuce with the add-ons spread very, very sparingly throughout. I usually don't even use dressing on my salads, so I'm ok with my food being a little bland but this was disappointing. It was just one salad, so it could have been a bad day. 
I still highly recommend this restaurant!!Great food, not a terrible wait ( considering it was a Sunday during brunch hours). The space is a little right which I'm not a fan of but makes sense due to the area. It's connected to a place called Spencer's eta burgers and the staff seems to work both places. Is a bit kid friendly. 
This place has an amazing waiting area. Instead of waiting outside or in a tiny little closet ( much like the one on callowhill) you can wait upstairs in a lush living room setting with TVs and a wii. Which definitely makes a long wait more tolerable.
The whole wheat pancakes phenomenal! The tofu scramble is great as are the "homies" as they call them . ( homefries) 
Super cute, with good food. The staff seemed stress and wasn't super present. Seemed like there should have been more of them working in such a rush but I can live with that with a tofu scramble I like .If you're going for Sunday brunch, it's going to be packed. Call 45 minutes to an hour ahead, and you can be seated almost immediately after you arrive.
Avoid the orange juice. It's fresh squeezed (apparently by monks), and they hit you for 4 bucks a glass - with no free refills. It has no pulp and tastes like it's from concentrate. Go for one of the many other breakfast juice options.
If you're a bacon and eggs kind of brunch person, this place isn't for you. The portions are BIG. The challah french toast - regular or stuffed - is fantastic. Unfortunately, that's the best part. Some basic sides - a cup of fruit or a side of bacon - will run you at least $2 to $3 each, and the portions there aren't much to speak of.
If you want some fantastic french toast and a good cup of coffee, and don't mind calling ahead or waiting, Sabrina's is great for brunch. But if you want a bit of variety without being nickel and dimed (or in this case, 2-and-3-dollared) for it, there's better options to be found in the city.The food here was okay but nothing special. We had to wait for a table even in the late afternoon and then we were seated right next to the hostess stand which was a shame because the inside looked very cozy from where our seat. But I guess it's a good sign if the restaurant is busy. 
The waiter came over right away and informed us that they were out of a ton of fruit which eliminated a good portion of the menu. 
We ordered the special pumpkin pecan pancakes and an omelet. The food was fine but lacked flavor and creativity. It seems they go for quantity over quality so a great option if you don't want to have to eat for the rest of the day.My go to brunch spot when my friends come to town to visit. Tofu scramble is perfection! The best I've ever had. Great for vegans. The price makes it even better.
Also, for those complaining about the wait, just call ahead and have them put your name on the list. Saves time! I usually call right before I get in the shower (I live close by) for a 40 minute wait and by the time I get there I only wait about five minutes.I think that the perfect way to describe Sabrina's is as an upscale diner. It is the perfect little brunch spot in University City (they have another location in Center City, but I've never been there). My boyfriend lives really close so we stop here pretty often to grab a bite to eat. The food has always been fantastic and we love that they have new specials so often and how personalized the chef makes them!
Some rules:
1. If you like french toast, you have to try the Stuffed Challah French Toast. It is to die for and I don't say that lightly. It is just that stinking good. The portion is HUGE (it's really enough for two people) and I always wind up bringing some of it home. I like ordering it with a side of sausage and turning it into 2-3 meals. The stuffing is sweet with just a hint of sour to make it jive really well with the vanilla bean sauce. (Can you tell I'm a fan?!)
2. Don't be afraid to try the specials! My boyfriend almost always orders something off of the special menu and its easy to do - they change them frequently enough that you truly do have a limited amount of time to try them.
3. If you want a more relaxed experience, avoid peak meal times. The place is hoppin' and if you go around a normal meal time you may find yourself waiting quite a while, or crowded into a small table because that is all that they have available. We like to go for more of a brunch time and there is usually much less of a crowd. We rarely go on the weekends because it is just packed.
Overall - LOVE Sabrina's. Only place I have ever found that compares is Miss Shirley's in Baltimore, MD.Food was not bad.  I got myself the eggs benedict and it was what you would expect.  Ive had a bit better at other spots hit I'm not complaining.  Not too bad for $11.   The service was average and the wait is long for a place like this during brunch on a Sunday.  Will be coming back in the futureGreat food, the best breakfast in University City and cheaper than its competitors. Whether I want savory or sweet, I've never been disappointed by what I ordered.
The wait can be excessive, even with a reservation I've had to wait upwards of 10 minutes. Service is generally just okay. In my opinion, that's very forgivable given the huge crowds and made up for by the delicious food.I just had the most unpleasant experience here. I've had better service when it's busy, this morning it wasn't. I walked in, made contact with the hostess and she did not acknowledge me until she finished writing whatever it was that she was writing. That alone should have made me leave, however my previous experience here was pleasant....She greeted us and said it would be a 10-20 min wait hut we could sit at the counter if we wanted to. We said sure, she shoved the menus in my hand and went about her business.  Not sure if she woke up on the wrong side of the bed, but she could stand to be a little more alert and pleasant.  We walked out and would be hard pressed to come back.So wonderful. 
This is probably my favorite place for breakfast. Their specials are always changing and I almost always order one of them. They have some really off-the-wall things (like a frittata with apples), but everything seems to work. Their coffee is outstanding (La Colombe) and the servers are always very friendly. 
I've also been to their Christian street location a few times and find it just as good (ALWAYS get the sweet potato fries). Although I seem to always be at that location for lunch and the Callowhill location for breakfast, but still both are great. 
Not being able to eat here more often is one of the main things I miss about being in Center City.So after walking for prostate cancer on Father's day. We decided to go to come here for brunch. The hostess told us it would be a 30 minute wait. It turned into an hour.  And we are still waiting. Unbelievable. Then another party that came after us was seated before us. Not a good father's day after the walk.  Hostess didn't seem like she cared.  Will not be coming back.Awesome dinner and dessert! Sabrina's always provides a great dining experience! 
The staff is always friendly! Job well done.Holy Hell. Goodness. Sweet goody goodness.
This place is so delish.
I went here with a group of ten for breakfast and everything looked amazing. It was music to my ears when the waiter said everything on the menu was available at all times, and I went right for the brunch menu.
I ordered the French Toast to the New Year. OMG! Let me tell you, this was the bomb-diggity! It's challah french toast stuffed with so much good stuff. In addition to the traditional cream, it also had Mascarpone cheese, orange preserves, vanilla cookie pieces, dried cherries, and Nutella, all topped with a berry honey syrup.
Are you drooling yet? I still am.
It was soooo good. And, it was huge. I ate through one piece and tried to tackle the second piece. Two bites later and I was defeated by this monster.
Everything others got looked good too. The omelets and Barking Chihuaha, kind of like an Italian egg burrito of sorts, really jumped out at me.
I can so see myself going back to this place multiple times just to try the different awesomeness that's on their menu.It was ok.
The stuffed french toast was huge. It would have been nice if both sides of the french toast were cooked prior to assembly. What you end up with is two slices of THICK challah bread french toast coocked nicely on the outslde filled with an overly-sweet cream cheese based filling, soaked in syrup, with a few delicious bananas lying around. Unfortunately, the inside side of the bread isn't cooked, and it's a little mushy. 
My eggs sucked big time. I got an omelette, which was rubbery, and slightly burnt. The mushrooms and cheese were still good.
The fried potatoes were very good. 
Most of my and my husband's  food was left on the plate...so I took a doggie bag.
Since the table was so crowded (WHAT is with the tiny tables in Philly????) I couldn't get to my hot tea - which was quite cute in a gourmet bag- so I had to take it to go after we ate.
One of the worst parts was the wait. I called ahead at 9:55, I was told it would be 20-30 minutes. I called again to be cure at the 25 minute mark and was told we'd be seated in 5 minutes. We hopped in a cab and got there in 2 minutes. We were told again, it would be a 5 minute wait, but that ended up being about 15-20 minutes.
We'll try someplace else next time.Sabrina's Caf is definitely my new favorite, hip place to dine. The atmosphere is very casual, yet professional and neat. The menu caters to a lot of different tastes, with a variety of choices, such as Italian and Asian cuisine to name a few. My first two times at Sabrina's, I had a variation of the same dish: the Crispy Tofu and Coconut Shrimp, both served over delicious soba noodles, which have been layered in a sesame sauce, mango salsa, and to top it off, avocado chunks. This dish, accompanied with the vegetable spring rolls, is a pure win. I really love the amount of food you receive here; the portions are more than adequate. A few times I wasn't even able to finish my meal on sight.
On average, the service is good as well. The staff is generally very friendly, willing to assist your needs. I highly recommend this lovely gem, which has two other locations, one in South Philadelphia, and the other near the Art Museum.Cute place, reminiscent of european dining in terms of proximity to your neighbor's table. 
Service: friendly and attentive (coffee/water was always full and they have soy milk for all the lactards out there)
Food: large portions and excellent quality
Price: appropriate for the amount you get
Dishes:
French toast challah regular- Delicious but will put you into a food coma.
Huevos rancheros (poached eggs)- I'd get it again! Guac was spicy and the roasted pepper on top really gave the dish that extra smoky hit of flavor. All around great dish.
Breakfast march- Good but HR was better.
Chicken noodle soup- Good flavor/broth but the chicken was a little dry. 
All the platters looked amazing so it was hard to choose what to get. Eyes definitely bigger than my stomach moment here. 
Worth the wait :)OMFG THIS PLACE IS SOOOOOOOO GOOD 
OMG I can't keep raving about this amazing place for hours. Theyhave nice friendly staff. The food is THE BOMB DOT COM. Like everything was fresh and delicious and truely made with the highest quality. I loved everything :) can't wait to come backThis place is always good & consistent. The huevos rancheros are a must -try. The wait tends to be pretty long (about 30 minutes), but if you call ahead, it's take some time off.My daughter and I visited Sabrina's for breakfast and as we do at the Sabrina's in Bella Vista, we ordered the tofu scramble.  It was really tasty and as both of us keep a vegan diet we were happy that there was something here we could enjoy.  Alice was our server and she was attentive and friendly.  
Our only disappointment was that Sabrina's does not offer a non-dairy vegan spread or just margarine in place of butter.  We would have expected that option in a city like Philadelphia.I had quite possibly the most amazing french toast I've ever seen or had, here... the much acclaimed cream cheese-stuffed challah french toast. I didn't expect it to be as enormous as it was.
My friend and I both wanted to try the french toast, and so decided to split both the Stuffed Challah French Toast and the Apple & Wisconsin Cheddar omelet. Good thing, because the proportions of both dishes is quite large, and quite frankly, as amazing as the french toast is and looks, I got tired of eating it halfway through my half-plate portion. It's just too sweet and rich to endure for any prolonged period.
The omelet was interesting and tasty as well. It's made with thin apple slices, and I thought that the combination was pretty interesting, as I'd never think to make an omelet with apples. I liked it. The toast and fruit that came with that breakfast item were fairly standard and mundane.
The building is cute and charming in an old Victorian style, though I understand that it's actually a Drexel building.  We were the first ones there on a Friday morning at 8:30, and a couple more people entered the restaurant during our visit.
Service was a bit weird, slightly absent, and spacey. Once I had submitted my credit card with the bill for payment, it was returned to me without my itemized receipt... apparently the waitress had thrown it away in the interim. I'm not sure why restaurants do this... I'd like to keep my receipt, thanks. I called her back over and asked if I may receive the receipt, and she turned to the nearby trash can and dug it out, handed it to me, and then turned to leave... and then she turned around again and said, "Don't worry, there's just like coffee liners in there..." Oh, OK.
But this is definitely a cute and fun place to visit for breakfast. I noticed that they have a special Avengers-themed menu right now...This place came highly recommended, and the food doesn't disappoint! I got the Huevos Rancheros (only get if you are seriously hungry, because the portions are huge). 
My only beef with the place was how loud they had the music. Made it hard to have a conversation without feeling like you had to talk over the din.Three words, CHALLAH FRENCH TOAST! Comes with two pieces the size of your hands.  Its not your average French toast. Cream cheese in between your toast with some cinnamon sprinkled around,syrup dripping from every bite, sweet bananas placed on top and powdered sugar giving it a little extra touch. That is all I can say...CHALLAH FRENCH TOAST!Came here on Sunday morning and seated right away. However by the time we left, around 1-2pm, the wait was around 45 min. We were happy to be seated near the windows, which was quieter compared to the inner portion of the restaurant. Food was excellent!! Quality was great and portions were generous. Everything tasted super fresh. Great brunch experience.Fabulous!  
Lived 4 blocks from here, wonderful location! 
Only a few bigger tables, sufficient booths, otherwise kinda squishy seating so you better like the people you come here with.  Also the food is so mind blowingly phenomenal that you better not come here with someone you despise because you might just become confused half way through your meal and mistake your foodgasm-euphoria for a warm-fuzzy-heart-growing feeling towards said unfortunate person. Or maybe you want to come here so you can overcome an awkward/unfriendly/unfortunate situation and be distracted by the array of veggie friendly or meat enjoying products.  
Also: BYOB, limited street parking, park a few blocks away and walk.  Call ahead to get your name on the list.  Dinner + brunch are equally wonderful.  Go to place for comfort food.  10+ visits. 
Large portions, worth the wait and the money.My daughter and I went to Sabrina's for their well-known stuffed French toast. The food was great but the customer service was...should I say, so, so. It definitely could have been better. But, I would go back hoping to get a different experienceHonestly amazing french toast. Best I've ever had. I went at 9 am on a Sunday and there was no wait! The portions were generous & I left with a happy stomach.Good atmosphere and food. Quick (if not pushy server). 
Got stuffed French toast 5/5
Also got lox omelette. Pretty salty. 3.5/5
Friend got some vegan wrap. Ate half of it and didn't even want to take the rest. Not bad, just bland 
2.5-3 out of 5Amazing food. Amazing service. Amazing place. Every single dish ordered was to perfection! The waitress was very friendly and helpful. Even the price was surprisingly cheap. They just changed the specials menu so make sure you try it out soon! We had the VEGETABLE SPRING ROLLS which appeared in a very cute display. They were just perfect- enough for 2 people.  For the entrees, the CHALLAH SPECIAL STUFFED FRENCH TOAST was comfort food 1-0-1!!! Was royally stuffed with cream cheese & Nutella, almonds and topped with powdered sugar, blueberries and strawberries. The quantity was humungous that I was only able to finish 1/4th of it. I WANNA BE FULL TEX MEX SPECIAL was equally good, equally huge but of course a savory dish filled with nachos, meat, veggies, beans and all sorts of good stuff. I'm definitely going back there to try out the other dishes which I'm sure will be as delicious! If you haven't gone to Sabrina's, you can't say you've been to Philly without visiting this place!Me and my husband ate here for breakfast and the food was delicious. I got the huevos rancheros which was delicious and the flavors were perfect! I love chorizo for breakfast and this hit the mark. Hubby got the challah stuffed french toast and it was delicious as well. The cream cheese was literally cream cheese not the sweetened kind but it obviously was coated in a sweet sauce. The service was ok, waiter forgot our water twice and hubs oj. But he brought it right before we paid and did not charge us so besides that everything was amazing and the place is so cute!!Stuffed Challah French Toast all the way!Delicious breakfast. Definitely a favorite spot. Cute location, but limited seating, and it's a popular spot so be prepared to wait to be seated. The service is quick and efficient but doesn't make you feel like your meal is being rushed. Can't wait to go back, the eggs Benedict were amazing.Can more resto's please let us add names to the wait list?! I went over the Callowhill location after being on the waitlist for an hour. It's a quirky, no frills interior and they've done quite the job fitting in as many seats. Our table ordered an omelette, a special and the stuffed challah toast. The portions are huge, so consider yourself warned!! If I could eat the challah toast every day without going into a food coma I would - it is fantastic! 
Coffee was also good, and promptly refilled in the mix/match mugs they use.Fabulous breakfast on Easter morning.  We were visiting Philly and wanted a nice breakfast for five.  We called about 45 minutes in advance for seats.  Stuffed French toast was huge and delicious.  Will definitely stop by again when in town by Drexel/U Penn.I love breakfast food and I had to check out this place since it was #2 on the list for best breakfast spots in Philly. I came with my friends and it's really cute on the inside. Plus I wish I would of known that it's  byob. I could of brought my own mimosas!! Their coffee was ok but the food was excellent. I had the French toast with bacon. The veggie frittata and their home fries was great!!! The potatoes were so crispy like you can tell their used an iron skillet. I will come back. The portions are big and the prices were reasonable. Im down for going to Sabrina's again when in town. 
Ps. Our waitress was so nice and accommodating.For how much I love Sabrina's on Callowhill I was kinda disappointed in my dinner last week when I adventured over to the 34th st location.  I had a Tuna dish with apple sauce, veggies, and mashed potatoes.  My companion had Tilapia (Cajun style spices) w/veggies and mashed potatoes.  Both of our fish were eh, neither of us were feeling the seasonings and sauces.  So that made our main dish a mediocre bust.  The saving grace was that we ordered Veggie Spring Rolls for appetizer... Boom! Blew my mind!!! Ginormous!! TONS of veggies, not just cabbage and carrots.  Thick wrapping and fried o-so perfectly! Also the sauce it was served with was sweet-spicy and just enough.  My mouth is watering now just thinking about it!  
This one's a college spot.  No booths, all small tables, but you can sit overlooking the street which could be nice to people-watch during daylight hours.  There's a take-out burger spot when you walk in so that's good for the college folk too.  
Overall, get the veggie spring rolls!, the rest of our food was edible it just wasn't up to our pre-conceived Sabrina's Expectations.  See, we have "Sabrina's Expectations" because the one on Callowhill is our go-to spot for brunch or dinner.  We're chalking this experience up to a seasonal-off-order.Sabrina's is just alright, it's a bit overrated and honestly a bit overcrowded, and can we honest about that wait? It's ridiculous, and absolutely not worth it.
My eggs were overdone (seriously how does one mess up the egg?) and honestly... the Challah french toast is nothing special, there are plenty of other brunch places that do a better version of it. 
As some others have pointed out, all their dishes are fairly average, there's nothing that's going to knock your socks off.
Don't get me wrong, Sabrina's isn't terrible, it's just an alright brunch place. If you factor in price, and wait time... it's absolutely not worth it, go somewhere else.Amazing brunch!  Worth the wait.  Cal ahead for reservations.  Stuffed french toast was amazing.  Juevos Rancheros next time.  The table next to us ordered thise and they look yummy!I live a few blocks away from Sabrina's and have been going there every couple of weeks since I moved to Fairmount. It is hands down the best brunch I have experienced in Philly! I love the atmosphere and the wait staff...and the food is even better. I usually get an omelette, but you can't really go wrong with anything from this place. 
It isn't the cheapest breakfast you'll find in the city...but the portions, quality, and taste are more than worth it in my opinion. It's also a nice spot for BYOB, I've brought a bottle of champagne a few times and they set you up nicely for mimosas.
Definitely one of my favorite spots in the city. Friendly employees, fast service, delicious coffee. The wait CAN be extensive, but they allow you to call ahead which basically cuts the wait time in half.
Worth a try for anyone in love with everything breakfast!I docked a star because I think the potatoes were bland. And for me potatoes are the best part of brunch! Other than that my Heuvos Rancheros was very good. The cilantro crema that came on top- I could bathe in it, literally.Well, after a coworker recommended this place and reading the Yelp reviews I decided to try Sabrina's. The menu looked promising, creative, but not to fancy. I visited the day after Thanksgiving and we went early enough that we were greeted and seated immediately. There was a good amount of people in the restaurant. I ordered their signature Stuffed French Toast and my mom ordered the basic-eggs, homefries, toast, and Scrapple. My stuffed french toast was good worth a second visit but not  enough to put on my craves list. My mom however was not pleased with her food, for starters, which is minor, she asked for white toast and they bought her wheat. No biggie they got her the right toast right away, however when she asked for jelly the waitress said they were out "This place is dry". Not sure how difficult it is to get jelly but they definitely lost a star because of it. If your a breakfast/brunch place jelly should be stocked up, I mean, not to be hard to please, but if breakfast is your business it just makes sense. Okay, so after completing our food the bill came. A whopping $31 bucks, while I am a foodie, it was just too expensive for a mediocre breakfast. I will pay them a visit again but only if I'm not paying...lol.  Dutch Eating Place is still one of my favs in the city for breakfast. If you big into breakfast Sabrina's is worth a visit.I was admittedly very reluctant to come back here due to my poor previous experience, but decided to give it another chance since it was a weekday and hopefully less busy. It was less busy! We were seated immediately, and I got my coffee pretty quickly. Unfortunately, it then took a long time for the waitress to come back and take our orders. 
The food was delicious though, and there was a lot of it -- enough to take half home for leftovers. 
The service was intermittent; even with the low number of customers in the middle of a weekday, our waitress took a while to refill the water and coffee, and when we asked for ketchup and hot sauce, she brought us 2 bottles of hot sauce and then left before we could ask for the ketchup... and didn't come back for a while.This place is so good. Thank you for good food conversation and service. It was busy but the wait for seating was not long at all.It was my first Sunday Funday @ this Sabrina's cafe location! My friend and I are we're craving mimosas and brunch close to her place. I came on yelp & saw the opportunity to add our names to the wait list while we made a run to the liquor store to grab champagne ! 
My rating below : Best out of 5! 
Vegetarian/ Vegan Food options: 4 
Parking availability: 3
Business Energy Cleanliness : 5 
Bathrooms: yes, 5 
Staff friendliness : 5 
Seating Space: 3 
Service: 5 
Yelp made it so easy for us to check how many parties were in front of us which was so cool & have us time to multitask. I'd call to confirm that our name was on the waitlist & to be sure it's byob like the other locations & to my surprise it wasn't ! 
THIS IS THE ONLY LOCATION NOT BYOB! I was sure I'd be disappointed because what's Sunday Funday without Mimosas !!! 
When we arrived , we were seated quite quickly & our server was friendly . I order the Huevos rancheros - vegan style & it was amazing ! We also ordered French toast; which was oh so tasty! 
This location is smaller & apart of Drexel campus. So the table are super close together but not uncomfortable .Where it feels like home.
My friends and I decided to get some breakfast at Sabrina's after a week of checking out what Philly had to offer.  We were greeted with a smile when we walked in and were seated immediately.
We all ordered a coffee, it was decent but nothin to rave about.  I ordered the Hueveos Rancheros. This was delicious!  Eggs on top of 2 crispy blue tortillas toped with a chorizo and bean mixed then finished off with sour cream and spicy guacamole. They also have some great breakfast potatoes on the side of that.  My lady ordered the stuffed French toast.  Although I'm not a savory not sweet breakfast person it was delicious. 
The decor was very homey from the mix match of coffee cups on the table to the wooden tables and chairs.  The service was also great.
If your looking for a great start to your day come here.I frequent this place as a Drexel Student. I think it was a great addition to our campus. I've gone here on Saturdays after practice to veg out with teammates. I've also come here between classes to take a friend out for a quick birthday lunch. Some days are better than others for getting a table. The wait always seems to go by pretty quickly, if there is one at all. The staff is friendly. My favorite part about this place is the mismatched coffee mugs, which gives it a very homey feel. The food is great. They circulate through a seasonal menu of all different specials, from which I almost always end up ordering. The names are creative and the entrees are always delicious. Even though they have such quick turnover of customers, I never feel rushed out the door.Considering we were a party of 2 and the hostess sat 3 other parties of 2 that arrived after us....wait time went from "oh should be less then 10 minutes" to a 34 minute wait which caused my meter to expire= $101 ticket cause of the hostess. Food was alright you cant really mess up breakfast foods.This place is called "Sabrina's Cafe and Spencer's Too". My friends and I were in Philly and found this place at random for breakfast on a Saturday late morning, and boy it exceeded all our expectations!  We waited for about 10 minutes before we got seated in this busy establishment, and were soon greeted by the friendly, attentive waiting staff.
Among us there is a Honduran, an Iowan and a Malaysian. We are pretty picky on food, so we were quite skeptical when the waiter recommended the stuffed Challah French toast and Huevos Rancheros. We ordered one of each, plus a lox and onion omelet. The food came cooked to order, in large portions, beautifully presented, and tasted delicious.
The Inch-thick (probably 2-inch thick!) Challah French Toast stuffed with banana crme frache was served over the perfect dose of maple syrup, topped with fresh slices of banana and lightly dusted with sugar. Each bite is an explosion of flavors in my mouth. I can see how is this the most desirable menu item at the place.
I usually imagine Huevos Rancheros to come with old chilli and soggy tortillas, but the one I had here just became the best I ever have. The tortillas were crispy, the chilli was not overpowered by pepper/spices, and I could taste the freshness of the beans and tomatoes. The fried eggs on top are beautiful done on a clean griddle (without the awful burnt stuff at the bottom as one usually finds in NJ diners). 
The lox and onion omelet is equally delicious. it's technically an "egg-roll" with multiple layers of lox and onions! My friend thought the lox is a little salty, but that's because he thought lox is some kind of sausage meat that tastes like salmon! 
Overall, we had a pleasant, amazing brunch experience at Sabrina's. I would certainly return if I'm in Philly again, perhaps this time to the other branch on Christian St!10/20 Called for a to go order... it's been a while since I've been to this location but from what I remember when dining in service was decent. I was promptly greeted explained I was here to pick up an order within moments I was given my sales slip & told that my order was still being prepared. I sat in the small waiting area of wooden chairs and uploaded pics of the menu to my yelp. Maybe 3-5 minutes later I was presented with my Greek salad warm pita with a side of grilled shrimp. This salad was hearty and robust. I enjoyed everything about it minus the dressing. Fortunately there was a generous serving of hummus that was textured enough to supplement... Sabrina's is always a good option wish there was one closer to where I live.Great breakfast spot in a cool building. Staff is very friendly and they are efficient. You can't go wrong with any of their breakfast options. My suggestion to Sabrina's is add pancakes as an option instead of toast and have butter and jelly on the tables. Simple breakfast requirements go a long way.Went for breakfast while visiting Philly for the weekend. We had a great breakfast, the service was friendly and cheerful. It's super casual and relaxed. 
I had the huevos rancheros which were delicious. The tortillas were light and tasty. Watch out for that hot pepper on the top... It was super hot!
We were there in a Saturday morning at 8:45, and there was no line. By 9:15 the place was full with a small intermittent waitlist. 
I got the feeling that the people who work there like doing so, and give off a good, positive vibe. Definitely recommended!Our waitress spilled red wine on my mom and almost spilled a container of Balsamic on me, but I didn't care because the food here is beyond incredible! 
My first trip to Sabrina's was to the Italian Market location with a friend but I decided to bring my family back to the Fairmount location to take advantage of their BYOB option. 
The food is never disappointing. I love the feel of the restaurant although I do wish they had an outside seating option. 
The ultimate Caesar Salad is to die for. I love that it has eggplant on it! Mmmmmmm....I get it with the Shrimp!
If I could order this everyday for lunch, I would.I really enjoy coming here. the ambience is pleasant yet energizing. The food is always plentiful, consistent and fresh. I highly recommend this place.My daughter recommended this place and it was a great choice. My wife and I both had the meat loaf ands it was awesome. My son had the 100% black angus burger and it was amazing. My daughter, our family vegetarian had the hummus plate and it made me want to give up meet. We all had milkshakes for dessert and they were totally fantastic. Great and pleasant service too. Highly recommend.Sabrina's is always a good place to go when all else fails. Known for their brunch, but all items on the menu have been good, and I prefer them over some other over hyped places. I love the specials they have. Their team is very creative in terms of putting certain ingredients together and the names or topics they use. Right now the specials are named after woke in government. I forget the name of what I ordered, but I received an egg white omelet with fontina, with a three tomato salsa on too served atop grilled carrot raisin bread. It came with a grilled grapefruit with cinnamon and their signature home fries. You have to appreciate the uniqueness if nothing else. Try it out!I had the egg white omelet with turkey bacon and guest had scrambled eggs. $30. Heard great things about this place, but honestly was not impressed. Menu very promising, but delivery only so-so. Coffee was good. Liked the retro decor and mismatched coffee cups. RC Cola on tap, which is unusual. Omelet was huge, bland and had canadian bacon, which had I known, I would not have ordered.
Scrambled eggs were huge, cooked well, but not real flavorful, which might be good since that probably means they didn't have a ton of butter. Toast was good, Le Bus sourdough, but I should have taken them up on their offer for jam. Fruit cup (substituted instead of home fries) was fresh and pretty tasty. Tea was OK. Bacon wasn't that good, kind of overcooked.
Service was very nice, friendly, attentive, but not in your face.
Not likely to return.Portion sizes are huge so consider sharing. Every plate that came out looked wonderful. We had a great experience with the wait staff and brunchIf you're super hungry for some good diner-esque food, this is the spot! GIGANTIC plates of great food! I get the huevo's rancheros (which are, of course, gluten free) and I am never disappointed! They simply have the best homefries, so crispy and hot! The french toast looks amazing (though I've not tried it) and the service is always stellar. It seems a mite pricey until you see how much food you're gonna get. A super fun spot!This place came highly recommended for brunch.  There are lots of toppings for your pancakes which is great and I would give them a 4 star.   The place is cute so again I wanted to give higher ratings but staff was just ok and simple coffee with no offer of a refill cost me $2.39.I went to this Sabrina's location because of a google offer that was available. Service was just alright. They only had about two waitresses for the entire restaurant on a friday night.
The food:
Calamari appetizer: pretty good, I would recommend this to others
Spring rolls: meh, wasnt a huge fan of these
Eggs benedict: This was pretty gross for some reason, but the potatoes on the side were pretty good. They forgot the sausage i ordered with it but brought it out eventually after i told them.
Stuffed French Toast: Get this if you are a first time visitor. I had a bite of it and it was super delicious
Dessert. BREAD PUDDING. This was really good, and came with a scoop of ice cream on top. It might be a bit much if you also ordered the stuffed french toast
Cheesecake: meh. Im not sure how they messed this up but it wasnt that good
There are way too many good reviews for this place so i may have to come back and give them another chance, but i wasnt too happy with the foodGinormous portions.   wow.
Came out here with the Rat pack when we were touring the East Coast.   A friend yelped the place, and saw that it looked good.  yelp reviews did not disappoint.  
We were seated immediately.  the place was crowded.  that means people love the place.  though we were seated awkwardly at a round table very close to another, so chair mashing against other customers was happening.  but people were friendly so it was ok.
I ordered the Marty McFly loaded Pancakes.  it was infused with mangoes, bacon, and all kinds of fruit.  it was also topped with a bunch of mangoes, bananas, and blueberries.  it was amazing.  the triple stack was a bit much for me, but it was damn delicious.
a couple friends ordered the stuffed French toast.  it did not disappoint.  creamy on the inside, and very flavorful. 
the staff was very friendly and checked on us frequently.  If i go back to Philly, i will definitely stop by again!Feels very homie and much like a diner feel to it. Great service and superb dishes like all of the Philly Sabrina's Cafe! Their Challah French is sooooo good, but it's a must share dish. So filling!I took my girl friend to here last Sunday for brunch and we both loved it. This place offers the best Eggs Benedict on campus.Sabrina's is one of my all time favorite places to go to for brunch. Called in beforehand to put my name on the list since it was Sunday brunch. So the wait wasn't bad at all once we got there. I split the french toast and the huevos rancheros with my friend. Both were amazing! Love how thick the slices of french toast are.The best huevos rancheros that I've had in Philly.  Only bad part is waiting for a table when they get really busy.I ate at Sabrina's this morning with my mom .I wanted to take her somewhere for brunch that represented Philly well, and everyone always raves about this place. I feel guilty saying it, but...I don't get it. Is there something specific on the menu that's out of this world? 
I like thebustling, diner-like atmosphere, and we were sat immediately at the bar which is great, but my Chihuahua burrito was just....eh. I've had a lot better breakfast burritos at other places. My mom was happy with her fried eggs, toast, and breakfast potatoes. She thought the potatoes were the best she ever had, so at least she was blown away. She was also blown away by the waitresses various colorful tattoos and their meanings. My mom is in her 60s, so watching that conversation was pretty amusing :) 
I'm still rooting for Sabrina's and will definitely go back to try some more things on the menu, but as of right now....eh.Bomb. I got the stuffed French toast and scrapple. The scrapple was exactly how anyone would want it,crispy on the outside and chewy on the inside. French toast was so great I didn't even need syrupCute caf just a short walk from community college of Philadelphia. I went here with a couple friends and we loved it. They had a cute pixar themed brunch that day and I had the "Waternoose's extracted Scream cheese special stuffed French toast". They used huge pieced of challah bread and stuffed the French toast with mascarpone, cream cheese, Nutella, nuts, mangos and strawberries. It was drenched with a little too much of the berry vanilla syrup which I didn't love. Overall it was a great place and great atmosphere.One of the best brunch places in Philly. I'm a fan bc it is consistently good and the service is awesome!Yay Sabrina's! This is definitely the best brunch option in the area... or even the neighboring areas. They have very solid brunch food (not a single complaint), but the service can be a bit spotty and might make you feel rushed. 
My standby picks are the egg white omelet of the day (the filings are always interesting) where the potatoes are the highlight. The sourdough toast is quite good and filling too. My friend loves the fluffy pancakes with fresh strawberry topping and a side of bacon.  
Note: There is pretty much always a wait for brunch and the table are very close together.Almost a year after a bad experience with extremely salty sausages, inconsistently fried eggs, and soggy bread, I gave Sabrina's another shot. I got the Lox and Onion omelette which comes with toast and potatoes. The meal was actually tasty and filling. The salmon was still over-salted, but the eggs balanced it out. The place also gives a warm, homey ambience. I'm still not too crazy about this place, but I'd definitely come back for occasional brunch gatherings in the winter.Super fast, friendly, accommodating service. I came at 9 AM on a Sunday with a party of 8 and we only have to wait a few minutes (we called ahead). Lots of gluten free options and good with other allergies and vegetarian. Nice bathroom and cute space.It usually takes me a little bit to warm up to new potential lunch spots, but it was love at first bite with Sabrina's. Here is a quick taxonomy about why you should love Sabrina's too:
1) the space: I can't think of a restaurant that better evokes the collegiate aesthetic than Sabrina's. It's in a building/house on Drexel's campus, and is open and airy with original wood floors, etc. It feels like you should hang out here all day, drink coffee, and discuss how Breaking Bad partially adheres to the form of the classical Greek tragedy (at the expense of actually doing the reading you need to do to prepare for class). 
2) the food: the menu is pretty expansive, offered breakfast all day alongside lots of great lunch and dinner options. They also have a whimsical take on naming their specials, going for names that capture the zeitgeist (what's 'trending,' if you will), like "Gus Fring's Pollos Hermanos Chicken and Waffles." 
My favorite dish on the menu for lunch is the Cali-Turkey sandwich. It's thick-sliced turkey on an amazing toasted, whole-grain bread, with alfalfa greens and roasted red pepper mayo. It comes with bacon, but I sub out the bacon for the delicious housemade long hots. I also sub in a salad for fries, as their side salad is amazing: slices of strawberry, goat cheese, etc. 
3) the staff: I usually get the same waitress (as I usually go at the same time), and I like her very much. She's always very pleasant, is patient when I ask for substitutions (like the aforementioned one), and always gets my order right. 
Awesome place. Definitely try it out.Their food is amazing and a great price! I'm pretty sure my stuffed French toast for only $10 will last me 2 more meals. My waitress, although I regrettably don't remember her name (the one with the purply hair!) was a SWEETHEART and super attentive. My friend and I plan on making many more Sunday brunch trips to Sabrina's!I think this is another victim of being over rated. The service was good but my food was cold and the coffee was eh.
I realized they had several locations when we sat down. A fact my husband kept from me. Maybe they're not as focused in the details?My husband and I currently have Monday mornings free and Mondays turn out to be a great morning for breakfast out. We have made a few trips to Sabrina's, and since it is Monday morning, we have had no trouble getting a table. I tend to stick to basics for breakfast and have enjoyed my breakfast sandwich, while my husband has enjoyed his slightly more adventurous Huevos Rancheros. We have split the pancakes and they were ok, though I don't love them. We have had mixed service with our first trip being pretty poor, but last week our server was terrific. We will keep it in our breakfast rotation.We stopped by around 10am for brunch on a weekday and was seated right away. This place has great ambiance and excellent food. I ordered steak n' eggs, topped with a roasted plum tomato chimichurri, while hubby ordered the Huevos Rancheros and they did not disappoint. Definitely a thumbs up!The 30 minute wait to be seated was well worth it. I had the "Let's Cook Breakfast" Special. This is the only time I have ever eaten and entire meal at a restaurant. I highly recommend Sabrina's for any meal. My brother had the black angus burger which was also just as good.I had heard of Sabrina's and came here for lunch with a coworker... it met most of my expectations and deserves a second visit. 
i ordered short stack of pancakes (HUGE) and customized them (strawberry butter with walnuts and bananas inside). They forgot the bananas but corrected it quickly! 
they were out of strawberries and blueberries which was a bummer.  i wish the portion of the flavored butter was larger - as it was not even enough to cover one of the enormous pancakes. they even offered Mango as an option for the pancakes which i thought was a unique option. they seemed to have a wide variety of things on their menu that i hadn't seen elsewhere, so that is a bonus. 
the coffee flowed like, well, like coffee. but it was delicious. 
i was a little confused as to who were the staff vs. who were just hipster customers, as there didn't seem to be a uniform. but our server was very friendly and attentive.  
decor was 70's vibe. the booth seat was too tight to the table and wouldn't work well for the curvy, the large chested, or the claustrophobic.Pulled Pork was not at all what I expected from the menu. I'm a more traditional person so didn't like it because it didn't seem like it had hardly any sauce. The sweet potato fries were really good.How did I not know that I live so close to the Sabrina's Cafe in Fairmount? Will definitely return.
Quick, friendly service (the wait staff obviously know how to handle volume). Loved my make-your-own Bella Vista omelet. The sourdough toast was thick, with crisp edges and chewy interior. The Sabrina's Homies (a/k/a home fries) were great: cooked all the way through and crisp on the outside (so often places have undercooked or burnt home fries!). Everyone at my table enjoyed their food (especially the special pancakes of the day, which had apricot and other berries!)--looks like the french toast at the table next to us was gigantic.
NB: Even though you can't make a reservation, you can call ahead of your arrival to get an estimate and get on the waiting list!The. French. Toast. Is. The. Bomb. 
Seriously...that cream cheese, grilled, syrupy, caramelized concoction was the best I have ever had. I had it at 11am today and I can't stop thinking about it and it is 8pm! The coffee was great too. Service prompt, nice atmosphere. But French Toast...wow.....nothing else like it in Philly, or anywhere for that matter!A group of us came from New York to visit friends in Philly, so we decided to dine in here after visiting Franklin Institute. Since we had a party of 12 and were so excited to try this popular cafe, we made reservation in advance. However, guess what, when we walked in, the hostess said she was not aware of our reservation and asked if we mind to sit separately. Yes, of course we mind, otherwise whats the point of making reservation? Another hostess came over explained that "oh our reservation messed up", then we waited a while for them to arrange our table. By the way, they also asked two guests to change table so that they can use that table for our party. After we finally sat down, other disappointing things happened - like waiter forgot what we requested, or bill showed a higher price from the menu. 
Overall, I still recommend Sabrina's Cafe if you randomly walk in, without much expectation, and just crave for its signature items. Otherwise I am sure you can get better experiences at any other restaurants.Great food. I recommend getting here before 9:30am for brunch otherwise you will be waiting in line. Truly unpretentious; both the food and staff. We were visiting from out of town and found Sabrina on Yelp. The french toast was really good. With the portion they serve, you should be good for the rest of the day.:) Good for those with kids as well.came to sabrina's after booking our reservation through yelp (props for that!), my girlfriend and i shared the potatoes, granola with yogurt, and french toast. the portions are MASSIVE. 
clearly sabrina's is packed, but the food is good. only downside is that it still takes a while for food to come out, but i'll chalk that up to the chaos which is sunday brunch. overall, i really enjoyed the food and i'll be back for sure.Food is great. Really fresh.  Building is a great old house in Powelton Village.  French toast looks great. I had the Flaming Moe's Mexi Special with egg whites. Really good. Potatoes were amazingly great.Stuffed French toast was awesome...and huge! Chicken salad sandwich was good and same with fish tacos. Would come back again!My favorite spot! A block from my place. Usually packed but thats because the food is to die for. Its byob which is great if you feel like having some fun. I would call this place hipster. It just has a friendly laid back ambience. I've had many meals here and never had a dislike. The portions are large, I always need a take home box. There is always new specials every week and some interesting combos that work great together. Overall one of my favorite spots.huevos rancheros, French toast and freshly squeezed orange juice is the fixed menu I order everytime I come here. It has never disappointed me. Tried the veggie burgers too and it was yummy!!! Long waits over the weekend.Amazing place for breakfast or brunch. Me and my husband found this place by accident after visiting Art Museum and now it's one of our favorite restaurants. Large menu, delicious food, fresh ingredients, great service. Stuffed french toast is the best thing ever! And iced coffee is also great.Amazing, awesome brunch spot! This place is super homey and everyone that works here is always upbeat! It is super unique, I ordered coffee and it came in a mug different from everyone else's which I dig. This place is filled with awesome vibes and very relaxing. All different kinds of people and that's what I love! I had the huevos rancheros and my friend had the stuffed French toast. We ate half our plates then switched! Which I highly recommend because I got the opportunity to eat two amazing menu items! It is a definite must go to spot and I will make sure every Sunday (and everyday I can) I do brunch, I go to Sabrina's!I went to this place recently on 3/13 with some friends.  We had just won a $25 gift card a in trivia contest at the Free Library of Philadelphia.
As others have stated the seating was a little cramped, that is accurate as everyone was wearing winter coats after all.  I'm sure things won't seem so cramped in the warmer months.
The food was delicious and the service attentive.  I liked that I could get breakfast items at night.  I loved the egg sandwich I ordered.The food is unusual yet lovely designed, full of flavors, fresh and tasty, with generous portions, and different to the usual cafe.  Servers are attentive, but not annoying and give time to chat and savor the meal without rushing.  Would definitely return, with absolutely no hesitation...Don't have enough good things to say about this place. This is our go to brunch place and we have been going atleast once a week for last 10 yrs!! 
The staff has been consistently great and very accommodating. Food is always great and you can change any dish to your specifications and they will be happy to do it for you with no fuss!Best French Toast in usa. Simple. Egg Benedict pretty awesome too.l lunch as good as breakfast. Comfortable tables, bright window light interior, beautiful 19th century mansion location. This is a Phila legend surely?  University City classic. Been going there for 4 years...nevler changes.This place one of the best places for the breakfast and brunch. I love this place, I was the frequent visitor of Philadelphia, and I feel unlucky for ignoring this place for the whole time. But when I visited this place, this has instantly impressed me by the quality of food, variety of food, by the best service. Hosts are extremely professional, very educated service person, nice, gentle. They explain to your each and every item in greater detail, they would fill your coffee millions of times and give you water zillions times. If you want to do REAL GENEINUE BEST breakfast, please go to this place.I'm not sure there's a better place for brunch in the Philly area for the price. Wonderful diverse menu, friendly staff, lovely unpretentious restaurant in an old Victorian (which I believe doubles as a Drexel student center). The one downside: the wait!! Come early or be prepared to walk around for a while (to their credit, they do give out beepers).This is one of the best brunch restaurants that I've been to in philly. The food is really good and portion is huge - my all time favorite is their french toast.  I took one star off because it gets really crowded and the wait can be super long especially on the weekends. We waited almost an hour each time we went for a brunch on Saturday, which can be a little annoying if you are starving. But I would definitely come back because the food is worth waiting for!I love coming to Sabrina's for Sunday brunch. Their food is always really good and has great value (I always have leftovers for the next day). Usually I stick with the stuffed challah french toast, the classic option for first-timers, but this time I ordered the "Post-Hibernation Feast Special Breakfast" (accurate, considering the weather). They were kind enough to replace the the bacon with vegan sausage, and although I was a little wary about the "blackberry-apricot-jalapeno" but it turned out to be great with the eggs.  The cornbread french toast wasn't very good so I would stick with some of their standard french toast options. I also prefer the University City location to the one on Callowhill.Stuffed French toast...warm and creamy, great bread used and no extra syrup was needed.I loved it... Coffee was great  French toast wasn't good as I expected but I recommend this place !I know a lot of people go to Sabrinas for the stuffed french toast but I'm never able to pull the trigger on that one knowing it is probably a weeks worth of calories so I usually opt for one of the egg concoctions (hopefully does less damage?). The egg/omelet category is a little limited which is a problem for me as I'm not in the mood to create my own omelet in the morning.  My omelet was ok but had too much cheese.  One of my guests ordered the lox platter and was disappointed by the small amount of salmon (the plate was mostly salad) and the fact that the cream cheese was in a small container and not put on the plate like at Honey's (who by the way is more generous with the portions on the lox platter). My other guest ordered scrambled eggs and was upset at the brown spots on the eggs (fire too hot?)
I can't help but to mention that the carry out containers are styrofoam which should have been illegal years ago.  
Unless you're part of the stuffed french toast following, I'd go to Estelles (which by the way also serves stuffed french toast) for a better breakfast.There was a major line/wait outside, so luckily we had called ahead for our reservation and only had to wait about 10 minutes or so. 
The staff is friendly, the restaurant was completely packed and very lively. 
Food was okay. I think I might have ordered the wrong item. Portions are fairly large, and the food does arrive fast. Its also presented well on your plate. The descriptions seem to be exaggerated a bit, compared to what you're actually served. It was okay. Something was just missing for me.This Sabrinas seems to be staffed by a bunch of space cadets... or maybe they just don't care about their service since they've already established a name for themselves. The most recent time I was there, my check was given to me 5 minutes after I had ordered food and the waitress came over to see if I "needed change" with my bill three times... the final time my friend let her know that when we were ready to pay, we would let her know. This was on a Friday morning when there were plenty of empty seats. 
The food has gotten meh as well. I have to admit the stuffed french toast is good, but their savory dishes don't so well. Eggs and fritattas are often overcooked. Many of their southwestern style breakfast dishes seem like they are just trying to throw together ingredients. 
I'd choose Honey's Sit N eat over this any day! (If I had a car.... and could drive to nolib...)Staying at the Crowne Plaza for a few days I decided one morning to ask the doorman for a recommendation on a breakfast joint. He mentioned a few locations including Sabrina's, which he had high praises for...he pointed the way & didn't take me long to walk the distance in the crisp morning air.
Upon walking into Sabrina's it seemed like a madhouse! Every table was full & employees looking busy but efficient...and it was mid-week @ 9 a.m.! There's a very small waiting area by the entrance & that also was full of waiting patrons. I spotted a lone seat at the counter & ask if I may sit there. I was seated almost immediately! The staff behind the counter were quite hipster/bohemian, witty & quick! While waiting for my dish to arrive I watched the interaction between the patrons & servers! This is quite the fun bunch. Loved the atmosphere & absolutely enjoyed my dish. I had the Huevos Rancheros on black corn tortilla & the home-style potatoes! This breakfast was overflowing with deliciousness with enough on the plate to have been shared with another person. The eggs were fried perfection & topped with a zesty sausage sauce. The pepper guac is to die for! I highly recommend this dish for anyone that desires that flavor bursting experience. 
I had a satisfying Cheshire Cat grin all the way back to the hotel. 
Thank you Sabrina's Caf, for an excellent time & a superb breakfast! I'll definitely be back when visiting the Philly area! 
Another deez public service announcement because you deserve it!
Eat, be merry & drink responsibly.Amazing! A must for anyone that is looking for good food! But prepare yourself for a wait!  (try to go during none peak times if possible)Table for 4 around 11:30am was about a 35 minute wait. Not too bad. The food was great, huge portions, and kept us full for pretty much the whole day. I had the pancake special which was a stack of buttermilk pancakes stuffed with cinnamon sugar apple slices, topped with cheddar cornmeal crumble, bluberries, strawberries, and a peach compote. I feel full just thinking about it! BF had the Eggs Benedict Florentine special with bacon. It looked like a small portion but his was pretty filling as well. Overall, I recommend it to start a morning of exploring the city! But be warned, it will keep you from trying other food throughout the day.We waited about 40 mins to be seated (12 noon on a Sunday), but the servers were so friendly, food came out quickly, and everything was delicious. 
The stuffed french toast is epic. The Mexi scramble was great too, but had a bit too many onions in my opinion. Mexi scramble came with black bean grits which were really unique and yummy. Top it off with fresh squeezed orange juice and we were set. 
The seating was lovely too. We sat out on the enclosed porch with big windows and a nice view. A little pricey, but the portions were enormous.My favorite, go-to brunch spot! I take people from out of town here whenever I have visitors because I know there's something for everyone on the menu- and a new fun specials menu every time I go! Whether it's breakfast food or lunch food, I'm never let down. There is usually a wait on weekends (but that shouldn't be a surprise in downtown Philly). I'd say the french toast options are the stand out for me!Food was good, wait staff was good...nothing spectacular but the hollandaise sauce was awful.Always great food! I'm never disappointed. The chefs really know how to create flavorful deliciousness using fresh ingredients! I've tried many things over the past few years. My favorite hands down is the stuffed challah and I get it almost religiously. Go! Try everything! I doubt you'll ever be disappointed with your choice. Oh! I can't forget the black bean grits that come with the ranchero breakfast, YUM!There are multiple Sabrina's throughout Philadelphia, each with a unique vibe but a similar menu. If you like large portions this is your place. There are lots of vegan or vegetarian options for all you picky eaters. The prices range $8-$15 for what is essentially 2 servings of food (aka get ready for your take out box) 
They change the brunch specials every two weeks and none have ever been repeated. They have such unique food combos that are all unbelievably fresh. 
My top menu choices are the egg white turkey bacon frittata and the ultimate mexi scramble (each about $11). The ultimate mexi scramble has two huge slices of creamy avocado with a giant dollop of cilantro pesto (see picture below). The service was superb. We arrived a little before the kitchen opened but they sat us and brought coffee over anyway. Our server Dan was very friendly and even let us take coffee to go which we needed. Check this place out. You won't regret it.May be better suited for breakfast/brunch. I came to eat lunch around 1:30 and waited around 10 minutes to be seated.  Had to flag down a waiter to take our order.  He forgot the smoked seitan on my salad, which wasn't smoked at all. Just the typical frozen stuff they serve at typical not really vegetarian places. 
Same for the veggie burger. Tasted like the frozen stuff too. The chicken cutlet was ok. Need to look for a better vegetarian joint where they actually make the food on premise.I've been here twice, and I should probably review how great this place is.  Yeah, on average, its typical to wait if you're in a party bigger than 2, but I've had good luck with just me and my lady.  
I recently was there and we ordered off the special 'holiday' menu.  Crazy egg-nog cranberry walnut pancakes with some insano butter on the side, and more fruit and nuts on the side of the plate that would make a squirrel think it was in heaven.  Oh, and it tastes really good.  Like you're eating egg nog with cranberries and nuts and fruit, etc.  They also had some holiday stuffed french toast - I don't remember what's in it, but imagine a similar smorgasbord of things like in the pancakes.  
Service is crazy fast, mostly so they can turn over the restaurant, but they aren't pushy about you gettin' a move on.Sabrina's is definitely an iconic brunch spot in Philly, and hasn't disappointed me yet!! Portions are big and the rotating menu is always fun to try out!Very good food, but the wait is ridiculous. The breakfast and lunch foods are awesome, but we had to wait an hour or more to be seated, and then the waitress was so busy it was hard to get ahold of her during the meal and she almost forgot to give us our boxed leftovers! I think this place might be much more enjoyable on a weekday.Great place for brunch! Service is awesome and they are super nice and helpful. Did not give 5 stars, just because I never give 5, but they kind of deserve 5 for the food and the staff ;o)Great breakfast/ brunch spot.
From my understanding there is usually a wait here and when our group got here that was no exception.
Since this place is BYOB, the waiting time is a good time to go and grab a speciality coffee or your favorite booze to take inside. 
The service here is good and attentive
The food:
-The eggs Benedict brunch special was delicious, eggs perfectly cooked and flavorful
-The chips and guac was fresh
-Juevos Rancheros had a lot of good stuff, chorizo, guac and cheese and some other stuff
-The famous french toast on challah was delicious and super moist and flavorful, the special one on the brunch menu was a little too sweet for us and had a lot going on, but i can imagine the plain was delicious
Overall good brunch/ breakfast spot, be prepared to wait since this is a local favoriteGreat food ..... Portions like I've never seen before.... I would  have given 5 stars if it wasn't for the order being wrong.  Would definitely come back. Check it outSabrina's third location in Philly, and the first on the west side of the river. The old house location is beautiful. Menu is the same, which means good breakfast and lots of vegetarian options. The brunch specials weren't available yet, but hopefully they will be soon. Busy on a Sunday, but the wait was shorter than I've experienced at the other two locations. This location has lots of communal tables, so we ate right next to some Drexel students. It was close, but fine. Nice, attentive servers.My boyfriend had nothing but good things to say about Sabrina's so here we came for an early dinner. We missed the brunch crowd so we were seated promptly. I ordered the huevos rancheros and they were so good. The portion was generous and everything was seasoned nicely. The presentation was also very appetizing. I would definitely like to return. The stuffed French toast was calling my name but I was able to resisit...this time. ;)Very cute cafe near city center of Philly (is it okay for me to say cute?).  Charmed by the ambiance but impressed by the food.  Great menu selection and portions are huge.  I had a salmon omelet, my friend had the breakfast burrito.  We could have fed four more people with our portions.  Of course, not being from Philly we had to have scrapple!Everything I've eaten here thus far has featured eggs. And that's okay with me. Breakfast of eggs "homies" (read: homefries, or fried potato chunks) and toast, and then a few weeks later, lunch of huevos rancheros. I've been lucky enough to enjoy Sabrina's on weekdays at off times (so no lunch rush and breakfast crowds to battle) and have never experienced even a moment of wait to be seated.
I will say, however, that it took a surprisingly long amount of time for my breakfast foods to arrive on my first visit. The second trip, for lunch, took an equal amount of time, but I was with a larger party and there were more complicated orders. Breakfast, though, was scrambled eggs, toast, and potatoes. Not too tough, right? 
They've got an abundance of seating, different little nooks and crannies of the warm and inviting space, so each experience can feel a little different. I LOVE the gorgeous, interesting drawings on the chalkboard (drawn by an employee! Not to be missed) and the tiny Frank's hot sauces, as well as the regular outpouring of ketchup on demand. The flavors of the huevos were AMAZING, lots of crunch and spice and some lime sour cream (AMAZING!!) topped with a charred jalapeno....  wow. 
That said, the other foods (potatoes and the scrambled eggs) were pretty standard. Large portions, but I would try and order something with wow factor, don't waste your time on the basic options.I can't imagine a more delicious brunch. I went at 9:45 on a Sunday morning and didn't have to wait at all, though we seemed to arrive in that awkward time period between families with young children, and fellow hungover twenty-somethings. We were seated immediately, our coffee arrived quickly, and I 'created' an omelette with cheddar, spinach and tomatoes along with home fries and whole wheat toast. Unfortunately, they ended up giving me someone else's omelette and I ate their home fries while being confused about the appearance of mushrooms in my eggs. Turns out they switched it with a girl sitting caddycorner to us. The server and food runner were very nice about it, and gave me the correct one immediately. The home fries were a great consistency, and they brought me strawberry jam for the bread. Even the coffee was good without too much sugar or cream, which is really saying something. I got to try the French toast as well, and it was incredible. I may order that next time
I now mentally create opportunities to visit Sabrina's again when financially feasible (brunch for two was $26 before tip) and not impossible time-wise. I think I had a dream about the place last week. I'm hooked.I was here for brunch yesterday. We went around 1pm and waited for about half an hour. 
I had the eggs benedict, and wow. It was good. I have a few small gripes though - There was too much hollandaise sauce and it was a taad sour. I scraped a lot of it off. I also regretted adding the canadian bacon (regular one was fine). Also, there was also only spinach on one of my eggs and not the other :S But the eggs themselves were great stuff. And that really really made my day.
I also tried some of my friend's french toast, that was a little bit sweet, but not bad.
Service was good considering it was very crowded, my coffee was refilled once. It was incredibly noisy though! We were lucky to get a seat by the windows at the side, so I'd say the noise level was half of what it was inside.My boyfriend and I came here on a Thursday morning for brunch. The place is cozy and can be romantic if it wasn't so packed for brunch. 
This place is BYOB which can be a great thing is you're prepared but it can kind of suck if you're not. Of course I wasn't prepared so I opted of a cup of hot chocolate which was excellent. It came in a huge mug. It was rich in flavor and they put a cute design on top with the milk. 
I ordered the cream cheese stuffed French toast which were huge and so delicious a bit to much of the cream cheese inside but still enjoyable. 
The waiter we had didn't pay us enough attention.  We had to keep playing tag to see who could find him for things like napkins and a glass of ginger ale. Which dampened our experience as this was our first time at this cafe.They NEVER disappoint. The wait can be ridiculous at times but it's definitely worth it. It's a little uncomfortable when they are full but it's very personal and the food...my GOD. It's amazing. The staff is cool and friendly and efficient.Amazing brunch!!! They have so many good options it was hard to pick, but got the barking chihuahua and was very pleased with my dish. Also got a latte which was perfection!!! Try to put your name on the waiting list to reduce wait time because it gets super packed!1. Brunch!
2. Long waiting times
3. Rich and DENSE
Consumed (over a few visits): 
Barking Chihuahua $8.99
Stuffed Challah French Toast $9.99
Huevos Rancheros $10.99
Eggs Benedict Florentine $10.95
I'd give this place 3.5 stars. The place is decent, but I find that anytime I come here, the waiting time is just too much. I really don't have the time to wait around for 30-45 minutes. It's usually at least an hour after arrival before food enters my belly. It's a popular place, but it'd be nice if there was a more efficient system? 
The food is pretty good. It's pretty rich and filling. My favorite will probably have to be the Eggs Benedict Florentine. In general, I like to share a savory dish and the french toast with someone. I find that the french toast alone is just too overwhelming, but it does have a really rich cream cheese filling.I am not sure where to begin with this place. The stuffed challah french toast is like heaven in your mouth. The portions are insane. The coffee is great, and I love that they serve them in all different mugs. I am usually just a 2 eggs, homefries, toast and sausage type, (which I have had here and it was also phenomenal), but everything I have tried here has been fresh and delicious, and super filling, always! I love the hot chocolate, as well. This place is great for any brunch date, weekend or weekday, but it's especially great on a hangover morning. I am craving it just writing about it right now.Sabrina's is a very good place to eat an inexpensive breakfast / brunch / lunch / dinner. They open most of the time at 8:30 a.m. but do serve breakfast until 6:00 p.m. / Lunch starts around 1 p.m. / Dinner after 5 p.m.. 
It is also a B.Y.O.B., but with Franklin Beer Distributors right across the street that shouldn't be a problem.
I ordered the salmon and onion omelette which was served with a side of potatoes and around eight slices of sour dough bread. It was delicious, just exactly what I was looking for that morning. The second time I had the stuffed French Toast (two big french toast stuffed with a vanilla cream cheese and bananas). The third time there I had the 'I haz Cheeseburger' or something like that served with a side order of home made parmesan fries. Both those dishes were also completely tasty!!! ...So two thumbs up.... 
Anyone living in Philadelphia looking for a good breakfast 'diner' this is the place to go to, I do also recommend it for lunch and dinner.
Tourists staying in the hotels around, such as the Sheraton, Four Seasons etc. before you spend $15 on a small portion of scrambled eggs, spend around $8 - $12 on a good breakfast selection in a nice atmosphere leaving later with a full stomach and money left in your wallet.The food and service here are amazing. You can always expect to get a generous portion of whatever you order. The specials always have fun names. The only downside to this location is the size. When your sitting at a table in the middle of the restaurant, you feel as if you're sitting right on top of the person next to you.Came in today and decided to try the huevos rancheros. Certainly wasn't bad and the eggs (sunny side up) was cooked well, it's just my opinion that the dish is not a huevos rancheros.  It is more like eggs w bean chilly, a too crispy blue tortilla and lots of potatoes.  No sauce, no cheese.  It is their version and they are entitled to it, but traditional huevos rancheros it isn't.  The potatoes were very good and the portion ample. Should have had the eggs bene or bagels n lox but better luck next time.This looks like an old school diner. It has the charm of one but so much more.  Not only does it have typical diner food: pancakes, waffles, eggs but also great vegan alternatives. There is a great quinoa breakfast bowl with roasted veggies and vegetarian cheese steak.  The place is fantastic. Expect to wait on weekend mornings for brunch.I wish I could give this place a ZERO. we had a large party to go there today. We call at 1100, they promise us a table at 1230. When 1230 came, they told us it would be another 20 to 30 minutes. By 1:00, we talk to the manager, he says he doesn't know when we would get a table, and it would be at least another 20 to 30 minutes. He kept seating people and never saved a table for us. Bottom line, the manager never should have taken our name because they couldn't handle our party, but he kept leading us on because he wanted our money. HORRIBLE service. Rude manager who lied to us because he got greedy. The food may be good, but make sure you eat something before you go because you will wait forever!This was my second visit to Sabrinas caf on November 26. It is nice to be able to check in on the waiting list here on yelp before you arrive which leads to a pleasant experience of less wait time. Compared to my last visit near Valentine's Day I felt that their specials were lacking for this certain time but perhaps right after the holiday they have less to offer. 
We started off with two cappuccinos which were the best cappuccinos I've ever had at a price that cannot be beat three dollars!! I choose to have the Mexi scramble for my meal which had a bunch of different vegetables with a side of black bean grits which were an unexpected twist. My only wish was that there was avocado on this dish! My boyfriend got the meatloaf sandwich with soup potato french fries which was tasty and very very filling. 
All in all great service good atmosphere so very packed quite loud and a bit stuffy but if you can get past that the food does not disappoint!this is right around the corner from my school, so i like to grab breakfast here in between classes. there's always good tunes playing and the service is SUPER fast. ridiculously fast. but i never feel rushed. everyone is really nice and you never are sitting there wondering where the heck your server is. they're attentive but not overwhelming.
the food is killer. their tofu scramble might as well be famous. they give you huge portions. i can never finish a meal. but that's ok because i love having some of that deliciousness left over for later in the day. pancakes are also wonderful here. extremely vegan friendly place for y'all out there.I used the yelp waitlist feature and still had to wait an hour. People were all over the place and we didn't know who was waiting to check in or just waiting around. Pretty loud, but great for catching up and rowdy groups.
I ordered the Black Widow's dish, based on the new Avengers Infinity War movie and an alternative take on their Huevos Ranchos dish. It was kinda soggy and a mish mash of ingredients that probably worked better as they were in the Huevos Ranchos instead of being stirred together. The sweet potato fries we ordered were also sour... but they took that off our bill once we told them, so that was nice.
Maybe another brunch dish would've been better, but based on the food and wait time, I wouldn't go back again.Sabrina's is great, especially for a special occasion. It's pricey but their rotating specials are always different and have a funny theme. Breakfast is definitely the best time to go but they don't take reservations so call ahead and get there early or you'll be waiting 45min+
Get the mexi special or the huevos rancheros! Stuffed french toast is also awesome!
Only thing I don't like is that it's not BYO like the other locaitons but that's likely because it's located in a Drexel building.Absolutely get the party on broad street french toast! So amazing. The service is great; my waitress was super friendly and told us about other cool places to go in Philadelphia. I'm from LA, where these kinds of cutesy cafes are on any street you walk down. I approve! Convenient location for anyone staying here to visit UPenn or Drexel.I tried the Sabrina's at the Christian St location and a week later, I was at the Callowhill spot.  This time I got the famous Stuffed French Toast which was gigantic and delicious - the challah bread was fluffy, and the bananas were nicely mixed into the cream cheese.  I'll definitely order this again, but next time, I'll ask for a little less cream cheese and a little more bananas.
Get there early - we got there at 9:15am and were seated immediately, but by 10am, all the tables were full.The yelp waitlist worked flawlessly. That's a great option and smart to use for this place because it's busy. The service was great, no complaints. The food was made with fresh ingredients and tasted great. The coffee was outstanding too. I would come back without hesitation.Great place for brunch  nice ambiance. Portions are huge  Waite time was minimal. I would recommend it   And I will definitely come back.my brunch crew decided to change it up so we ended up at this Sabrina's location. we called ahead to put our name on the list so we didn't have a terribly long wait when we all congregated. 
I love that you can customize your breakfast with fruit and/or gluten free bread without too much of an upcharge. (nota bene: this option is also available at the Italian market sabrina's.) i wasn't as impressed with my scrambled eggs at this location, but this was my first visit here so it could have just been a one-off situation. 
minus one star because i'm not a huge fan of the layout of this place compared to the Italian market location. I find the latter more cozy and quaint than this one, but both have perfected the art of putting tables as closely to one another as possible to maximize the number of patrons at any given time.Overall, a Wonderful experience! The service was exceptional and the food was amazing. Our table shared pancakes, French toast, an omelette, and a burger. Everything was cooked perfectly and served in a timely manner. The French toast was huge and delicious! The pancakes were fluffy and just the right amount of sweet. The burger was far above average for a small cafe and included a side of fries. The omelette was stuffed full of the freshest ingredients and was not runny or overcooked(as so often happens with omlettes that contain veggies).  This is my new breakfast spot. : )I love this place, it is very close to my house so i go often.  If you get there early on the weekends usually seating is pretty prompt.  When I go for breakfast I can never decide between the french toast or an egg dish.  A hint for the french toast, they do have a half portion.  For dinner time I have tried a lot of dishes but am a steadfast fan of their turkey burger with parmesan fries.
Great place to take out of town guests, no one has been dissappointed yet.Awesome food and very cool place to hang around Drexel's campus! Will definitely visit again soon!Everyone talks about going to Sabrina's for brunch. They get busy, fast, apparently, but you can call ahead and put your name on a wait list (you just have to be within 30 min of getting there and arrive in half the time they quote). We got there around 9am I think and they weren't busy at all. I got the french vanilla creme stuffed challah french toast, which was very good, but I wish there had been more berries. My mom got the blueberry cornbread with bacon and potatoes and other yummy things. It was a special dish, and apparently the chef changes the specials every 2 weeks and has never had a repeat! So get there quick and keep going every 2 weeks, haha.I had the short stack and Spo had turkey bacon and scrambled eggs. Once again, Sabrina's was on the mark. Also, I much prefer this larger location to the other two.Overall: 3.5 stars.. 3.7 If I'm allowed to do that, haha!
I've been here probably 3 times total.
My in-dining experiences were all good. Service was great, I have no complaints in that department. The stuffed french toast with vanilla bean syrup, DELICIOUS. My best friend enjoyed it very much. I also had a side of polenta fries -- which I have gotten on every subsequent return to Sabrina's. They're delicious. I think they only give you 4.. but they're very filling. Comes with marinara sauce, and... mmm thinking about it now I'm just drooling.
Value? Good. I think it's GOOD value. It's delicious, prices range from 8.99 to about $15 for lunch/brunch items, and a bit more for dinner. It used to be my favorite brunch place. However, I've found a few more that I am more fond of.. and are consistently $3-4 cheaper for dishes, comparatively.
My living social experience: This is why I gave them a little downgrade from a solid 4 stars (which I considered them before). I bought one of those deals: " $5 for $10 worth of food for takeout or delivery. I ordered the Cali Turkey sandwich with sweet potato fries with no powdered sugar ( i don't like the way they make their sweet potato fries here). Well I show up, my order is ready, great! However, the lady (who is very nice and was trying to be helpful..) said that " normally you have to place your orders online to use that". I know EXACTLY which deal she is talking about. I have that other deal on my phone it says " MUST place order online for voucher". However, my deal didn't have that. I know. I'm a constant and avid living social/ grouponer, so I know. I explained to her, and then she said " I have to get my manager. I don't have the password." Fair enough.. but really? I mean I don't understand, do they not have the technology? Most people know that groupon or living social to go, is for those of us, ON THE GO. Like, usually in a rush.. I don't have 15 minutes to sit around for you. Most places I've gone to, you come in, they scan the QR code, and you're all set! This whole process of waiting for her manager, and then another 3-4 minutes of them trying to figure it out on their computer system was just a little much for me. They then told me my total was $5 after the livingsocial deal. I asked them.. how much was the sandwich? They said 9.99.. so maybe 10 something. So... HOW IS MY THING$5??? I'm pretty sure that if you have 10 dollars worth of food, and the sandwich is $10.. my total comes to 0, or a little more for tax. I had to actually EXPLAIN the deal to them. They're like " well, you paid $5 to living social, so that means you owe another $5 here, right?". AHEM noobs, no. It means you pay $5 to living social, and you get $10 worth of food at the merchant. I actually had to EXPLAIN that to them. 
I apologize for the rant. I must emphasize that they were very NICE and trying to help during this whole thing. I was just taken aback by how ... much they didn't know. Livingsocial/Groupon is pretty modern.. easy to use.. even if your job didn't train you how to do it. IDK.. i thought that the quote " $5 for $10 worth of food" is self explanatory. But no, I had to explain. I just.. don't understand when.. people... are like.. DERRRR. But AGAIN. they were nice, trying to help, just very unknowledgable...
Overall food for it's value I give a 3.7. Service/friendliness 4 stars. The other my whole rant stuff.. solid 3. I feel bad demoting them to a 2.5Loved it. Awesome (in size and quality) french toast - order half! Long wait after 10a. Bustling diner atmosphere, friendly and hip. My only complaint: too much food! Next time we'll order one thing and split it.Really good for breakfast! Love the jalapeo polenta fries. It's a tight space though and sometimes the wait is pretty long.I had dinner with my wife and daughter at Sabrina's on Callow this evening. 
I decided on the waffle and chicken instead of their great meatloaf.
The meal was very disappointing too say the very least.
The presentation was great and I really was looking forward to a great meal.
The chicken was undercooked with a thin breading. The waffles were soft and mushy which is sad because Sabrina's does a great breakfast.
There was very little syrup on the waffles and the sweet potatoes were rather bland.
Our server was a nice girl but she was rarely at our table. when asked to tell her manager about my meal they never came to speak with me.
I guess she could not be bothered to share my concern.
Sabrina's is a great place to eat However, last evening it was dreadful.When you want breakfast, you hope everything is good. Coffee,excellent,check.
Eggs,spectacular, check.
Pancakes, pumpkin,delicious, check.
Prompt and courteous service, check.
Home fries, some of the best anywhere,check.
Coffee refills? Yup. Check.
Six checks is at least five stars.Fresh toast is good and huge. Their coffee mug is like a tank, big enough to swim in. A little bit noisy I didn't really hear my friend very clearly.Always a good bet for lunch and brunch. Large portions, vegetarian options and small group seating available with a reservation. Also have a cute dineresque coffee bar.After hearing all the hype of this place while being gone for so long, I decided to hit up this place. Went for brunch with two friends. Upon arriving, we were told we had to wait about 10-15 minutes. We took the time to venture upstairs and check out the remainder of the building. The old-school decor was simply amazing. The small conference rooms would be perfect for a study group.
Once seated, I browsed through the menu and found that most items were priced rather high for a cafe. I ordered a "Burger of the Week" special consisting of buffalo hot sauce and bleu cheese. I was surprised at the size of my platter! In addition to the burger, there was a small side salad and a mountain of fries (get the sweet potato fries). 
Absolute must go place if you are visiting Philly. Three locations too! Choose one!Sabrina's! Love love love.  This one is by far my favorite location for them.  An action packed place to go on a weekend morning for brunch.  You can bring your own champagne if you so wish as well and do some mimosa making.  My most recent time here, I ordered their Huevos Rancheros which were amazing.  Blue tortilla, fried egg, guac and cheese. Great portion size.  The staff is extremely attentive and there are many enticing menu options, for the healthy and the unhealthy..great Philly charm here.  I'll be back!My boyfriend found this place on Yelp, knowing I would like a lot of the things offered here. As soon as we got our rental car from the airport we headed to the other location, but parking was insane! Not like California haha! So I suggested we try coming to this location and parking was so much easier. I'm thankful we made it!
We walked in and it was a really fun, creative environment. Everyone was friendly and it was quite packed. Our server Michelle was very sweet and made it a wonderful experience. I ordered the tofu scramble with potatoes and toast and my boyfriend had their famous French toast. We both absolutely loved our food! I'm so happy we had the chance to come here on our trip.We went on a Saturday morning and didn't have to wait at all because we sat at the bar. The heuovos rancheros were really good and the staff was very friendly! I would definitely go back!This was our first time here and I must say our experience was AMAZING! I found this place in google looking for a brunch serving mimosas they are a BYOB but the stuffed French toast caught my eye they open at 8 and we arrived abt about 8:30 am. We were greeted and seated right away, our server was Mike he was very friendly and took our drink order, we then ordered our breakfast it took about 30 min and when our food came I can't even began to express the joy of fatness that came over me! Our meal presentation was phenomenal! And it taste as good as it looked we will definitely going back!This place is BUSY but it was worth the wait. Unless you can eat a lot, you can get by with half-orders of pancakes and french toast, especially if you also order an egg or two on the side. The food was excellent and our server made suggestions and was very quick and attentive. Can't wait to go back!A classic brunch spot if you're on Penn/Drexel's campus. 
Food: Their challah French toast is a definite 5 stars and I craaaave it. The stuffed challah French toast I've also had and for someone with a sweet tooth I feel like it's overwhelming - the stuffing takes away from the perfect texture of the challah bread since it is a lot of filling and can make the plate feel borderline soggy. So I would recommend the classic! 
The savory breakfast options are also good here but I've mostly opted for the sweet - love that they have brunch specials and constantly switch out their classics for a twist with exciting new recipes. 
The other things I've tried on the brunch menu (the apple and cheddar omelette) + the long wait makes me want to give Sabrina's a 4.5. 
Ambiance: super cute and I'm-eating-in-my-grandma's home cozy kinda vibes. Lots of open space and a back area against the windows with tons of lighting. Always crowded and loud but the good busy kind of loud and not rowdy and annoying. 
Staff: most of the experience I've had with staff here has been really friendly, though because the wait is always long the host/hostess can be curt and ask you to clear the foyer area, understandable.The portions are sooo good! I ordered the French toast and it was delicious. Go here on an empty stomach, else you will have a hard time finishing your meal. It's so yummy!!This place , along with other location on Christian st, are great spots to eat breakfast, lunch or dinner. For us early risers OK, anytime after 10:30am..may be waits up to 1 hour or more. Though more likely to find parking on this location, the one on On Christian St's, forget it.right by South Philly's. If its on holiday ..might as well pull up a seat...but wait -will be rewarded..Fabulous stuff french toasts, great coffee, portions are huge, so I usually share with someone. Love them!!This place was excellent. All the food came out hot and in big portions - especially the French toast. They offer a lot of choices for both food and drinks. I only had breakfast there, but would love to go and try lunch as well (their sandwiches sounded delicious). The restaurant was clean and was in a nice setting too.Best breakfast and lunch in philly. 
Don't be fooled by prices. The amount you get is worth the price. Recommend sharing or you will most likely have leftovers. So many Great vegetarian choices I actually struggle with what to get every time.This is probably my favorite brunch spot in Philly! Every time I come here I can't wait to return. The french toast is.... BOMB. However, it can be very stuffing, so be ready to want to take a nap after. I would suggest sharing it at the table as a dessert instead of a main entree to avoid the itis effect. The lox is good and so are their Benedict eggs. The location is unique, and it has a very college feel to it. The only drawback can be the wait, so I suggest going pretty early on a weekend. If the wait is hefty, there's also a second floor where you can play pool and chill while you wait for your party to be seated. It makes the waiting experience less painful. lol :) By the way, the service is also great and speedy! (Almost forgot to mention.)This is one of my favorite spots in Philly. I have been going here for years. I love bringing my friends and family here whenever I am in Philly. My favorite thing here is the vegetarian Philly cheesesteak with homemade slaw and sweet potato fries. Try it! Even if you're not a vegetarian! You can also get breakfast food all day long. My favorite breakfast dish is the stuffed French toast. Tip: You can order a half order of it, for cheaper. They have good seasonal/monthly brunch and dinner specials also. They can also custom make any order to make it vegetarian or vegan if you ask. I got an egg sandwich a few weeks ago, it was very good also! Everything I have ever ate here is tasty and delicious! The coffee is good, the ambience is nice and the staff is accommodating. The service is always great. You can also order take out and you can also sit at the bar, they have a few stools. They don't take reservations so arrive early on the weekends, it's always packed.Sabrina's Caf is awesome!  I love to come here for any meal.  No matter what you always get a fantastic meal!  
Mostly, I come for breakfast/brunch!
Huevo's Rancheros is one of my favorite dishes and is usually my go to when I am here for a breakfast item.  I also like the barking Chihuahua when I am feeling very hungry!  Their frittatas are also excellent.  My favorite is the egg white turkey bacon frittata.  Its is a good option if you want a bit of a healthier type breakfast, with no loss of flavor! 
I like to come here with my sister and young nephew.  The place isn't bad for kids.  My nephew loves the pancakes and French toast. (He also loves their French fries!)
Their fruit is always super fresh too, which I love.
For lunch, I like to get either the Mel's Chicken cutlet (so drool worthy), the Tuscan chicken sandwich, or the Mediterranean wrap.  Everything is different and so flavorful.  Portions are pretty big, so whenever I come with my mom, we often share!
Their salads are also excellent.  Very often I will split a salad and sandwich with someone I am with, you cannot go wrong with any of the salads here.
They do themed brunches too, which is such a great novelty!  Special menu's are available for these with cute puns as all of the menu item names.
They don't serve dinner at all of their locations, but I highly suggest checking the places that do serve dinner out.  Fantastic meal!  Our go-to's are the octopus and calamari as a starter.  Always a good pick!  If we want something a bit lighter, we go for the hummus.
The dishes I have had as my main course are the Grilled Orange Ginger Pork Chop, The Honey Melon Glazed Salmon, and the Smokey Cajun Spiced Ahi Tuna.  You cannot go wrong with either.  Portions are also pretty big, so make sure you are hungry!!
I also really like that this restaurant has plenty of vegentarian and vegan options.   I myself am a carnivore, but I do also enjoy the vegetarian options and have many vegan/vegetarian friends.   It is really nice to have plenty of choices and a variety in the menu which Sabrin'a certainly provides.
The prices here are pretty reasonable.  The only downside here, is the wait, especially on the weekends. Plus they can get crazy crowded and the space is pretty tight and can get pretty loud. However, I guess that is part of what makes Sabrina's so special.  Also, not a bad place for kids!Certainly worth a wait for the food, staff is always friendly and accommodating!  Great for smaller groups, but since space is on the tighter side, I wouldn't go in a group larger than 6.
Sabrina's is a great, casual, fun place to eat, I suggest you go and enjoy!I've only had breakfast/brunch foods here, but everything I've had was super tasty. The breakfast sandwich was on point (I definitely recommend getting the roasted red peppers on it) and the stuffed challah French toast lives up to the hype. 
I also tried the Mexi Special, which featured two wonderfully flaky slightly spicy chicken empanadas, scrambled eggs, guacamole and pico. It was the perfect brunch dish.  The Vegan Special was equally interesting. Tacos are definitely an underutilized brunch medium in my opinion. These featured corn pancakes filled with tofu scramble, pineapple black bean salsa, and avocado. It was delicious and inventive, but in need of a sauce.
Service was great and the atmosphere is warm and comfy.First time in Philly, glad I stopped here. Delicious food( they will give you more than you can eat), great staff and strong coffee. What else do you need?I came here for lunch with my brother. It was on a weekday so we had no issues being seated. The menu was not as big as I expected it would be, but I still found something that sounded appetizing. I had the peeta peeta pumpkin eater pancakes (from the Hunger Games themed dishes) with a side of turkey bacon. The pancakes were good, not outstanding, but good. My brother had their turkey burger with the parmesan fries. Now that was good. I didn't expect the turkey burger to be juicy, but it definitely was. The fries weren't very parmesan-y, but they were good just the same. I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here, but I wouldn't mind trying it again... if I'm already in the area.Sabrina's is wonderful.  Our service was outstanding.  The menu varied and interesting.  We were too late for the brunch specials - but we could still order from the b'fast selection.  We all decided on dinner.  I had a perfectly done burger (burger of the day) which had chorizo, some kind of sauce and cheese.  It came with fries just the way I like them.  Others had salads -- the "small" salads were enough for a meal.  One person ordered the tuna which he said was very good.  This is a BYO - which gives it extra points.  The manager came over to our table and thanked us for dining with them and we chatted for a while.  He sent over a complimentary dessert which we shared with our coffee.  All-in-all a great evening.  We will return.  I have been to the other Sabrinas in South Philly.  This one seems a bit more comfortable.  We will have to try brunch - esp after looking over the menu.If you asked me if there was anything to eat in Philadelphia to eat besides cheesesteak, I would have been at a loss for words. Luckily, my hostess knew that Sabrina's is the place to be, more so than Pat's, Geno's, Tony Luke's, and whatever Italian-sounding guy has a sandwich shop.
If Goldie Locks had a breakfast like mine, she wouldn't bother no bears for no crappy porridge. Arugula pesto? Johnny cakes with corn? Turkey chili? Fava bean shallot puree?! The ingredients and combinations just get more exotic the more you peruse the menu. If I didn't know I was in PA, the menu would have made me think I was in CA. The coffee is from Le Colombe, which apparently is another Philly institution, and really tasty. 
It's crowded, but it's worth the wait. Bring a friend (so you can share) and bring an appetite.Stuffed French toast and chicken cutlet sandwich is pretty decent. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is that I'm a germaphobe and they have me a cup of water with no straw. Well when I asked for a straw, my waitress handed me a straw in her bare hands. I didn't drink the water but that is my personal thing that grinds my gears A cute & cozy BYO worth a visit.
The staff happy, and the atmosphere is romantic/cute.
Fantastic for brunch or dinner, and/or date night!
Their specials are well worth it, and provide reasonable portions.
Grab dinner here then head over to Kite and Key for pints...then rummage through Whole Foods once you get proper drunk.This place was not worth the wait or the sweat. The food is solid, but the restaurant was hot,  the line was long and the service was not very attentive or friendly.  I don't know what it was, maybe they didn't get the memo about the heat wave, but seriously, it had to be near 80 degrees in there. I'll stick to Honey's.My favorite brunch spot in west philly, hands down. 
*It's a beautiful cafe with a fantastic brunch menu! 
*I like this Sabrina's way better than the one in old city.
*Their stuffed french toast is so decadent but oh-so-good!  
*Service rocks (best it can be given how busy this place gets).
Just. GO!I can't say enough great things about this place. I've been to the Ucity and Callowhill locations, and both are spectacular. When I am craving a good, hearty and quality breakfast, I think of Sabrina's every time. Everything from the frittatas to the burgers are out of this world, and you can really taste the quality ingredients they use. Even the bread is amazing! Thick cut and textured with grains and oats, just the way I like it :) The portions are HUGE, so split a breakfast or get your own if you want leftovers.Incredible French toast! You must try the special french toast! Lovely view from the adorable building. But might want to split two different things on the menu with a friend bc everything is super rich and the servings are hugeStaff is super friendly and fast. Specials always make it difficult for me to decide if I'll stray from my usual huevos rancheros. You might not realize that they have a nice selection of teas...I got peach ginger the last time. AND if you don't want to wait for a table you can always order take out. I just realized this and my life is now changed.The service was warm, friendly, gave great suggestions.  The stuffed french toast was so decadent that after I needed a side of veggies.  And they totally got me.  You've got to go if you're in Philly.A great find on Drexel's campus. Huge portions. Great for Brunch. Most options are not cheap but decently priced around $10. It is delicious....especially huevos racheros! Fairly attentive and quick service.
However, often crowded on weekends breakfast-lunch time. Prepare to wait up to 30 minutes. Seating is cramped. It is quite likely your butt with brush against someone when you get up to go to the bathroom.
I really love Ross Commons, but this space is too small for this popular of a business.Amazing brunch food! I've been here several times and have consistently been impressed by the food quality and service. They have a wide selection of both sweet and savory options, perfect for any kind of brunch-goer. The portions are always more than filling, and well worth the price. Definitely consider the dishes on their special menu, which change every so often.The food was very good here. I am vegan and although they have vegetarian options on the menu I wasn't 100% sure if I could get anything substantial, besides maybe a big salad (we went around lunch time and I was really hungry!). I ended up getting the veggie burger and they cooked everything separate for me. I think the fries are cooked in vegetable oil anyway but the waitress and other staff were super careful and really nice about it. The veggie burger and fries hit the spot.I ate here while I was in town for a conference in Philly. Awesome food and great experience.On a quick business trip, I found Sabrina's to be a perfect spot for breakfast. The lox omelet was a new concept for me, and was prepared perfectly. The fried potatoes were great, and the multigrain toast was excellent. Good coffee for drinking black--neither watery nor bitter.Sunday(07/30/2017) 11:45am - The worst customer service. The hostess ( short black hair and glasses)was extremely rude and hostile. We had an up to an hour wait. 10 minutes into our wait another couple with an infant showed up:they were seated immediately. We approached the hostess and asked her why they were seated first. She responded with a visible annoyance that I was there only 17 minutes out of the hour wait. She explained impatiently that because we were only 2 people and the table was for four, they seated a couple with an infant who came after us first. Then when we decided that we wanted to leave, we told the hostess that she should take us off of the list and we were leaving because it seemed unfair to us. And at that point the hostess became very combative and sarcastic, and put it on me as if it was my fault. My wife witnessed the hostess making very rude faces when I turned my back and was ready to leave. We have been to other Sabrinas and the service was always good. This hostess is a disgrace to this establishment and honestly shouldn't be working with people.I REALLY REALLY REALLY wanted to love this place... But... My experience was... eh.... I was staying at the Four Seasons down the street so it was very convenient to walk to here for brunch. It was very easy to grab a seat at the bar, but there was a way longer wait for a table. Super packed. Good sign! Then I was smushed between two people, that was fine. No biggie. I wasn't going to complain.
Got my coffee. I had to ask for milk and sugar about three times... 1st strike. I was quite polite about it... The waitress at the bar didn't seem overwhelmed, but she was talking to a lot of the customers, so I didn't really mind. I ordered their famous stuffed french toast. Great! Came in a decent amount of time. It was... just okay. I honestly had better french toast before. It was a bit overwhelming to eat. Very heavy. Very sweet. I had to ask the waitress to fill my coffee twice... 2nd Strike. Then as i proceeded to eat my french toast, i found a piece of PLASTIC on my stuffed french toast. It made me almost gag. 3rd Strike. I stopped eating and waited to get the attention of the waitress which took about 15 minutes... I wasn't really angry, but I wished she asked how I was doing earlier. When I finally got her attention, she called over the manager and he apologized. He explained they use plastic to hold the food together while cooking. He offered to comp my whole meal and let me choose another item. 
I was already kind of disgusted and not really hungry anymore. I opted for a short stack (one pancake) of the pumpin pancake. It wasn't really cooked all the way and it wasn't really tasty... 
Sigh. They were nice, very accommodating. But I just can't say I love this place. I'll attempt another try.. which is a surprise because  if I experienced this anywhere else I would be lashing out more harshly and would refuse to come back.This place is poorly rated as 4 stars. I give it 5 plus. Even though the place was packed for breakfast the courteous waiters manage to serve everyone in a timely manner.
That tells you the great coordination from the front staff and the kitchen staff ( the chefs). The food was nicely presented on the plate.
Thanks to our waiter JaysonThis is a very solid brunch place that is convenient for students. I always come here when I have a visitor who is looking for a yummy brunch. The food is decently priced, the place is super cute, and the quality of the brunch is pretty good! I never feel rushed and enjoy all the options I have. 
However, The wait sucks. They used to use opentable for reservations but do not anymore which is annoying. To be honest, it's not worth more than a 20 minute wait (unless you're really not that hungry upon arrival).My favorite breakfast sport in Philly. Everytime someone comes to visit me I always take them to Sabrina's. I've tried a plethora of things on the menu but in my opinion nothing tops their huevos rancheros, it's to die for.When I come to Philly, I make it a point to get brunch at Sabrina's. I dream about the Stuffed Challah French Toast. It's one of my absolute favorite brunch dishes. The challah French toast alone is fantastic and could stand on its own. Add the stuffed cinnamon cream cheese and bananas and it takes this brunch to another level. I can never eat a full portion so I end up bringing half of the French toast home (it heats up well). 
We also got the eggs Benedict florentine with lox as a second meal. Another classic brunch option that comes with potatoes.Very nice for vegans and breakfast.... veggie burger and fresh toast was awesome.... call a head for seating.I think this food was just average.  My eggs benedict were too salty and had too much of the sauce - it was difficult to taste the egg in all that.  I tried my friend's impressive french toast, and it was certainly good, but too sweet and in my opinion, had too much cream cheese and too much maple syrup.  The service was not great, but not rude either- the servers simply did their bare minimum.  Also, I think $4 for a glass of OJ is a bit ridiculous. I don't think this food in general is worth this much. I don't mind paying a lot for food, if it's worth it, and in my opinion, this was not. 
The decorations are cute though. 
Basically, I'd rate the whole experience as okay - not a complete disaster, but nothing special either.  I've no idea why everyone else loves about this place so much - it's nothing special.The portions here are ridiculous! I didn't have a wait at all, we got seated immediately and the waiters were very nice, although I felt a little rushed to pick something, but the menu looks so yum, it can be overwhelming! 
You can definitely share the portions, I had the breakfast burrito, and it was MASSIVE! My friend got the french toast and it all smelled and tasted to great! 
Just a word of caution though, there are only 2 bathrooms, one for men and one for women, so be careful of traffic flow to the bathrooms!
But great food and cute little cozy spot!What a wonderful experience!!! We had four adults and one baby in a high chair for breakfast at 9:30ish on Sunday. The restaurant was busy (always stressful when you're waiting with a little one) but we were seated promptly and greeted by a pleasant, cheerful waitress who took our orders right away and kept our drinks filled. All of our breakfasts were egg-based. We had a Turkey Bacon and Veggie Frittata, a Mex-orcist, an Eggs Benedict, and an omelet with pickled fennel, broccoli, red peppers and cheese. Everyone really enjoyed what they ordered, but after we saw some delicious stuffed French toast (I asked the waiter what it was), our sweet tooth(s? Teeth?) started aching.  I ordered a single pancake for us to share. A few minutes later, we received a stuffed French toast to share on the house. THAT is the way to do business. And what can I say about the French toast? It tasted like heaven... Heavenly clouds of devilishly delicious cinnamon cream cheese between thick, sweet slices of bread topped with 'nanas, as my daughter calls them. We will definitely be back again!A+!!! One of my favorite brunch spots in Philly, WELL WORTH the long wait on weekends. Their special brunch menu rotated every 2 weeks - it boggles my mind how they come up with their combinations! Worth taking friends, too, who've never been to PHL before with their cozy seating and USA 1950's diner feel to the whole place. A must-go on anyone's list of brunch spots!!!If you have a 2 hour wait for a table, say you have a two hour wait rather than saying 30 mins and then constantly saying twenty minutes. Incompetence. Don't come here on a weekend.The wait is always long so call ahead. The portions are huge so splitting with a friend for lunch is a good plan, or you can do what I did: eat half the stuffed French toast and wrap up the rest for tomorrow's breakfast. If I really wanted to I could have easily finished the whole thing, but I'm glad I didn't; I'm feeling the effects of a sugar overload just from half an order. If you prefer savory, I remember their tofu scramble being good another time I came, but Sabrina's is definitely more famous for their sweet dishes.What a great place to eat!! Had a Beatles themed brunch menu, can't go wrong with that.. Food was good. Service and staff where great. Love it!!Sunday morning brunch was so busy, had to wait a really looooong time to get in. Food was good and the service was surprisingly not that bad given the crowd. It was a Halloween weekend and they had a few Halloween specials. Quality of the food was pretty good!It was amazing. I loved the service and the food j had was delicious. They had some fried polenta sticks that were to die for with some margarita sauce on the sauce. If you ask them to add some Parmesan cheese on the polenta it gives it an extra kick. I would eat from here again.Favorite breakfast spot in Philadelphia by far! Pancakes are my go to usually and they are fantastic! Lunch is great as well I like their burgers and fries, great spot for families.Wait a minute!  WAIIIIIIIIT a minute?  Did I seriously just eat at Sabrina's WITHOUT having to wait an hour????
Oh, cause it's dinner time.  And we are in U City.
Nonetheless, a great meal was had at Sabrina's and it didn't take a million years to sit down.  Score!
This was my first non-breakfast meal at Sabrina's and I was pretty impressed.  I ordered a mediterranean wrap (whole wheat wrap filled with hummus, olives, feta, cucumbers, roasted red peppers).  I though the hummus was really good- had a tang to it and wasn't super dry like hummus can be.  The veggies were all super fresh.  The wrap itself was pretty big and it came with a side of slaw.  The slaw was a little dry, but like the rest of the dish, it was super fresh.  
The rest of our table ordered an assortment of items, but I think it's worth noting that the overall favorite was the sweet potato fries.  They are topped with a sweet dusting of brown sugar (i think?) that was super tasty.
For those of you who can't imagine Sabrina's without those ginormous i-can-eat-dessert-for-breakfast-because-i'm-grown-up pancakes, do not despair, they offer breakfast all day!
Word of caution- website refers to it as BYOB but we were told upon arriving (with wine bottles in hand) that they are not BYOB.  Didn't really make a difference to us, but just something to note.BYOB brunch! This was my first time going to a BYOB brunch and I really enjoyed it. At first we were a little hesitant to place our bottles on the table, but after looking around at other tables that hesitation went out the window!
We had quite a few bottles and they did not set a limit- AWESOME! There was not a bottle fee. However, the charge for OJ was $12.99, which was not bad considering we had over $12.99 worth of "drinks".
Food time! I orded the steak and eggs (medium steak). My steak was not medium it was more medium well almost well. I did not send it back because I hate sending food back. Everyone in my party seemed to enjoy their food.
The only reason I did not give this place 5 stars was because they gave our table to another party and we had to wait an additional 20 mins, after waiting over an hour. Before you wonder, yes, our entire party was present and inside of the restaurant when they gave our table away.Sabrina's was pretty good!
I was recommend to go here by a Philly native so I knew it'd be a good brunch spot! 
In short, the service was great (everyone was super friendly), the wait was to be expected (about 30 minuets), the food came rather quickly (only waited about 15 minuets), & it was tasty!
I ordered the steak & eggs, with a side of French toast. My friend ordered the Tex Mex egg scramble (or something to that extent). 
We left very full & very satisfied!
Thanks Philly :)Even on weekdays, Sabrina's is packed to the gills with hungry patrons indulging on its hearty brunch fare. I've fortunately never encountered a weekday wait over 15 minutes (chalk that up to high dining room turnover), but I shudder to think how murderously long the weekend brunch waits are at this extremely popular spot.
The food that draws the crowds is, surprisingly, not as good as one would expect given the restaurant's reputation as a brunch mecca. Most of it is decent, but I've had better renditions of most of Sabrina's specialties at other brunch spots that possess shorter or equivalent wait times. This phenomenon mostly stems from somewhat ambitious dishes that underdeliver and uniformly leaden food that leaves you unpleasantly bloated.
For example, a recent Mexican special promised chipotle-marinated flank steak atop a masa and red bean cake, crowned with two fried eggs, salsa verde, and cotija cheese. Though delicious in theory, the flank steak was butchered improperly and overcooked to the texture of shoe leather, with a masa cake as dry as biscotti. The eggs, salsa, and accompanying breakfast potatoes were good enough to save the plate, but it still disappointed.
On a positive note, vegetarians do quite well at Sabrina's, as it carries a superlative, vegetarian chicken cheesesteak, a huge and tasty hummus platter, and other herbivore friendly fare. Sweets are also fine here, as the stuffed French toast specials always satisfy. Again, these dishes still suffer from that odd tendency to leave one's stomach feeling iffy. As such, if I'm with vegetarians, if it's a weekday, and if I have enough time to take a nap afterwards, Sabrina's very well may be an option for brunch. That is far too many ifs, however, to earn a spot among my other, beloved brunch spots in the city.This review is long, long overdue.  I live down the block from Sabrina's, was ecstatic when it first opened, and my boyfriend James and I have become regulars who know the staff on a first name basis.
First, the food.  We come here mostly for brunch (served ALL DAY and EVERY DAY), but have also come here for dinner (yes, they serve dinner!), and my boyfriend recently had his first experience with its companion, Spencer's Burgers.  Even though by this time we've eaten just about everything on the menu, I'm far from bored with the food and it never disappoints.  Even if something on the brunch specials (which change weekly-ish) makes you tilt you head a bit, just trust them.  They know what they're doing. And it will be delicious. Large portion sizes (the stuffed french toast is literally larger than your head) are enough to fill my boyfriend's stomach, and satisfy me with plenty to take home and enjoy later.  This is a great place for both meat-eaters (like my boyfriend) and veggies (like myself), for whom a variety of tasty foods is always available.  James was wowed by the burger he got from their Spencer's Burgers the other night.  I've been happily surprised as well by how good their dinner food is; I got a penne pasta that was rich and savory.
Second, the staff! By far one of our favorite aspects of this Sabrina's is the very friendly staff and owner, Bill.  Whenever James and I come in, Bill goes out of his way to accommodate us since we're there pretty much all the time.  In my lifetime I've been a regular at many cafes, but have never been treated so well. It's really quite lovely.  The staff are so friendly, go out of their way to be accommodating, and are low key, lighthearted people who are easy to converse with.  Next time you're here for brunch, spark up a bit of conversation with whatever lovely person is taking your order. It will make you want to come back for dinner!
Lastly, the building/atmosphere.  So, I was a big fan of the Sabrina's on 9th and Christian before this one opened.  This one has some major advantages.  I love the art and mirrors in the restaurant, and love sitting in the patio area that has lots of seating along the windows, and has enough space so that James (all 6'4 of him) never feels cramped (it would be less of an issue for me at 5'0).  As you probably know, Sabrina's brunch can get pretty backed up (call ahead the day of and put your name in to expedite your wait). I actually really *enjoy* waiting for a table at this location.  Since the building is a commons that's part of Drexel, you can go right upstairs where there are several rooms with comfortable and elegant chairs/couches, televisions, and TWO pool tables. Yes. Pool tables. Distract yourself from hunger as you wait for a table by playing a game of pool. I love it. And no worries- they always check upstairs when they're calling people's names for tables so as long as you're paying attention, you won't miss your spot.
Go here. Eat the food. Talk to the people. Play some pool. Lean back with a full stomach, and thank whatever energy/god/person you believe in for the fact that this Sabrina's is open and in full swing.
p.s. go any time during non-rush weekend brunch hours and be seated without any wait! brunch food without the brunch wait!Stopped in today before heading to work, I had seen the reviews and passed by and finally decided to stop in. It was in a word, perfect. Cozy and inviting, great little diner style bar to sip coffee at, I was hooked.
Excellent coffee I had a red eye, great food, the lox platter, eggs Benedict off the brunch menu which had the most flavorful hollandaise I've ever had, and a side of scrapple (I was hungry) were all tasty fresh made and filling. 
The staff was exceptional. I walked up at 7:50 AM ten minutes before they opened and they invited me right in out of the cold. Dan, Ellen, and Hannah were super friendly and exceptionally accommodating, funny too, I was dining alone and for the first time and felt like I was a regular. 
I am bartender and working in the service industry you keep your eye out for any little mistakes just as an annoying habit and there were none. Great job, great place, I will definitely be stopping in again most likely once a week.Great food and service,they don't take reservations but you can always put your name on that no wait app .and they  ll let you know how many customer ahead with an approximate waiting time ,and call your name once a table is ready for you.This place is such a gem in the uni city. It was crowded since it's a Saturday lunch, but we got lucky that a table was ready after a short wait. We ordered Sabrina Ultimate Caesar Salad with grilled chicken and French toast topped with strawberries, they tasted superb. The salad and dressing are well mixed. The french toast was just right, not too spongy or overcooked. And plus the staff were really friendly too!I live for brunch and all I can saw is WOW. The Stuffed French Toast is AMAZING. It has the perfect amount of spice, the vanilla bean filling is creamy and not too sweet and the amount of syrup given on the plate is perfect. I only ordered the half portion and it was large, but I enjoyed every piece I devoured. If you like/love/desire french toast please do yourself a favor and order this...OMG WORTH IT. I appreciate that you can order half portions of this dish and customize it as well. They offer a variety of different toppings from cookies to nuts to fruits (IE strawberries) that you can add (costs extra).
Since I skipped breakfast and lunch (this was a late brunch) I ordered two sides: an egg and bacon. The egg was meh, just your typical egg and the bacon was very good (nice and crispy). These sides were ordered to balance the french toast carb overload :). 
I also picked at my friends eggs benedict and chocolate chip pancakes and both were good as well, but not amazing. They were typical good quality brunch items. I'd say their specialty is the French Toast based on my one visit.
As for the service, it was phenomenal for how packed they were. Even though every table around us was filled our waitress was attentive and polite. As for the seating, I'd say it's perfect for smaller parties. You might have a difficult time getting seats if your party is larger than 4. 
Overall I was very happy with this place and highly recommend it for brunch.I went to Sabrina's on my first
Weekend in Philly when I moved here-and oh boy am I a fan! The challah French toast and the eggs Benedict florentine are my favourite. I've eaten dinner here a few times too but strongly recommend brunch. 
The portions are biiig and filling so I don't go here regularly. That being said-It is my go-to brunch place for when friends and family visit me from out of town (or when I'm ready to hate myself for stuffing myself with delicioussss food)The atmosphere was good, but other than that meh.. The omelette was dry and tasteless. It was cheap though. Wouldn't go there again.Not worth the hype. 
The location is cute. The staff are at their wits end, only since it's a small location, with a mostly young (and I'm guessing unexperienced) staff with a few servers who know how to deal with crowds. I made the mistake of going to brunch on a Sunday. Why not. Get a table, bring a book, it will be awesome. 45 minutes to get a table for one. Due to ingenuity of one of the hostesses, I was seated before their manager could find a place to put me. 
THE PATRONS!!!! 
The patrons speak to the staff like they're ... servants. Do you want to rub elbows with Johnny Greek and Suzie UggBoot? Care to hear about the finances of a large party of fancy-pants 'college' parents. Dine here. Bring your North Face jacket too. 
The food, while it's good, is by no means worth the long wait. Yes, I've eaten at two of the three locations and it's ALWAYS like this. You pay to go to SABRINA'S. It is what it is.Came for brunch a few months back,  good experience. The food,  atmosphere, and service was good. The wait was a little long but that was to be expected on a Sunday 11/12PM timeslot.Great Place! Awesome vegan food, friendly fast service, amazingly generous portions. I came in for the first time with a group of seven people and they served us so quickly. I love all their veg options. Fabulous tofu scramble and also a delicious seitan wrap vegan brunch special...can't say enough good things about this place!HANDS DOWN. BEST BREAKFAST. Believe the hype. This place is doing breakfast right. On a Thursday afternoon this place is packed. We grabbed the last available table. Right away we were given water and menus. The waitress came over just a few minutes later and took our order. Not long after we were served with breakfast. Amazingly large, heaping plates of delicious, delicious breakfast. I decided on one of the "July 4th Specials" entitled: "Betsy Ross Red, White and Blue Special Egg White Omlette" consisting of... egg whites, asparagus, roasted tri-bell peppers, provolone and stuffed with a tomato-basil onion bruchetta. Best decision ever! Amazing!! My friend ordered the steak and eggs medium-well and his meal came out perfectly cooked as well. Service was fantastic. We were checked on just enough, and our waters always full. The waitress was friendly. I just can't express enough just how great our experience here was from start to finish.  A++ Sabrinas. Well done.Was really craving pancakes and found this place. The inside is really cute and homey, pretty spacious and clean (the bathroom too!). We went at around 4pm so there was only one other table besides us. Ordered a short stack of buttermilk pancakes with strawberries and bananas. It was really thick but too dry for my taste. Kind of a disappointment. My mom ordered crispy tofu with soba. She ended up only eating the tofu. So the food wasn't amazing, but the service was great. Our waitress was super friendly and kept checking back in to make sure we had everything we needed. Overall probably a 3.5.Fantastic Saturday brunch.  DH had the tofu scramble, which I tried, and it was amazingly tasty.  So if THAT was amazing, I think you can be guaranteed not to go wrong here.  I had eggs benedict with fresh baby spinach, perfectly salted and sauteed with garlic.  We split a side order of scrapple, perfectly cooked to order crispy on the outside and soft on the inside.  Incidentally, it was our anniversary, so we brought a bottle of champagne and they provided flutes to go with our orange juice.  The only quibble I had was that said OJ did not taste fresh squeezed as advertised, but with the champagne it was no big deal.  Afterwards we walked to the fantastic new Barnes, right down the street.I was in town for a conference and wanted to find a good diner to have breakfast at. Looked up this location and made my 1/2 mile walk there. The diner itself was nice and the staff was very friendly. I ordered the two egg breakfast which also came with fried potatoes and two slices of bacon. My breakfast was delicious and was very impressed. Coffee was good and the waiter made sure it was always filled. I will certainly come back here if I am in town again. I recommend others to try this when in Philadelphia, PA!!The place seemed nice enough and the staff was friendly and attentive. Ordered 3 panckakes, i ate one that was under cooked.  The pancakes are so thick that they are not enjoyable. Eating one is like eating a small cake.  I ate one, gave one away (he didnt care for it either) and threw the other one away.  I have heard such nice things about Sabrina's so i will try it again, but i will never again order the pancakes.Sabrina's never disappoints. Great food, decent service, and we were seated immediately on a Saturday afternoon after doing the 30 minute call aheadI've been here a couple times. Staff is always friendly. Breakfast food is phenomenal! Having the Mel's chicken cutlet and it's pretty good. Plenty of vegetarian options and gluten free bread for sandwiches to accommodate various dietary needs.I returned to Sabrina's last weekend for brunch with my mom. I had the vegetable frittata with American cheese and fruit - excellent. My mom had the Mexican omelette special which came with black wan grits. The egg was great but the black bean grits weren't for us. After a few minutes it was cold and became inedible. I will continue to come back here and try everything on the menu!Black bean grits. Never had that as a side item before and I'm now an avid fan. Thank you Sabrina's for properly salting your grits and breakfast potatoes, seasoning makes ALL the difference with those two items. 
Had a solid breakfast here (Mexiscramble and I can't remember what my husband got). Though nothing was outstandingly memorable, the food was done right and the service was fast. 
If you're looking for a well-portioned breakfast without a long wait time, come here.This place was so unique and offered some of the best French toast I've ever had. My fianc and I were in Philadelphia for a business trip and had limited time to see the city and get some great food, but from all of the reviews we had read about this place we knew we had to try it! We came for dinner so there was no wait but they serve breakfast all day so we were still able to get the glorious French toast. Our server was very kind, helpful, and we had great conversation. I'd definitely recommend this place!Cute cafe in an old Victorian house. Good food, good coffee, good service. I got the huevos rancheros, my gf made an omelet. Both were very good, and quite filling. I intend to go back!I've been in line since the Hoover administration. We called ahead and were told we'd have a 45 minute wait. We showed up at the 45 minute mark and we're told 25 minutes. That was 45 minutes ago. I'm not even hungry anymore. I honestly don't care how good the food could potentially be, I could have gone to anywhere else in the last 1.5 hours.Breakfast/brunch is priddy much my favorite meal, and Sabrina's has good eats, though the wait can be a pain sometimes.Favorite brunch spot in the city. Pia and I come here at least three times per month. The menu has so many good choices that it makes it near impossible to choose poorly. The "specials" menu is usually what I order from as it is always changing and I'm yet to be disappointed. If you are local and looking for a good bite to eat, don't miss this place!!One of our favorite breakfast spots with a rotating inventive menu. We wanted to order catering for a recent event but they couldn't offer enough gluten free options for a crowd. Nevertheless some of the most incredible challah french toasts if you can eat gluten. We love this place!My wife and I came to this place because the place we had originally planned on going was closed. It was the best find we could've made!  The food was fresh, the coffee was delicious, and the service was awesome. My wife got a pumpkin pancake and a blue cheese mushroom frittata both were amazing. The pumpkin pancake and coffee had a great flavor but were subtle.  I ordered the stuff French toast which was enough for about three people and the  filling was amazing. 
We came really early and that was a great thing because by the time we left at 9:15 on a Saturday there was 30 people waiting to be seated. 
This is a true gem in this city and I wished I had it at home!We've eaten dinner here before after a night at art after 5 at the Art Museum.  I had a strawberry chicken dish and Kristine had the french toast (breakfast can be gotten at anytime, btw).  We liked it so much we wanted to get back sometime for breakfast...and this past weekend gave us that opportunity.
We met our friends there, Greg G and Maria (since it's right in Greg's neighborhood).  The wait wasn't that bad for 11am.  We waited a little more than 30 mins.  We all ordered breakfast specials.  Maria and I got a french toast with a peach and strawberry syrup.  It was good...and portions were HUGE!  Kristine got the pumpkin pancakes that she's been craving for weeks and enjoyed them very much (however she would have liked a little more syrup on the underneath pancakes because they got a little dry).  Greg G got the eggs benedict and cleared the plate completely, so I assume he really liked it.
Needless to say we're going to be back at Sabrina's many many times.  It's great breakfast/brunch food that makes you crave more.Sabrina's is a cute and crowded place for brunch on weekends. I arrived to put my name on the list for tables, and was told they couldn't seat me until my brunch companion arrived, since they were busy. A-OK with me; once the party was complete, I let the hostess know and we were seated within ten minutes after that.
We ordered huevos rancheros and the stuffed challah French toast -- both equally delicious and filling in their own ways, though the size of the French toast is so obscenely huge that we were only able to crack through half of it before begging for mercy. Nothing about the meal really stood out as remarkable, though, which makes me wonder...
Friendly and attentive staff, reasonable prices, street parking in the area is a bit rough so expect to drive around for a bit.Finally, a brunch spot in University City! you can only find stuff loaded with high calories here but I'll go to the gym tomorrow! so bring me the sweet potato fries! 
The three locations have different items on the brunch menu but everything's worth trying out. You can hardly go wrong at Sabrina's cafe. They get crowded during weekends, so the earlier, the better. cos you're hungry, and your brunch date is hungry too.Sabrina's on Powelton is every bit as good as the original in the Italian Market. I really love the new space - an old Victorian home which features a charming wrap-around porch with large sunny windows. The porch can be a bit chilly in winter but they'll happily flip on the heaters to keep you cozy. I consider Sabrina's a staple in list of places to frequent for post night-shift breakfast as their fare is hearty, satisfying, and affordable. Thus ensuring me a good day's rest once home. My only complaint is that their french toast is sometimes too thick, leaving the middle of the toast dry. I only recommend the stuffed french toast if bringing friends as you will be bested by it's sheer volume if you attempt it alone. I honestly don't have an issue with students from Penn and Drexel who dine here on the regular as they are hardly any more of a nuisance than the hipster crowd at Honey's or the toddler-toting young families at Sabrina's original location.Awesome brunch spot right in downtown - cool vibe, exceptional food and the staff is friendly. Coffee was at the table almost immediately (appreciated since our toddler kept us up all night) - and the huevos rancheros was great - big portions.Restaurant is located in west philly in a university commons building. Parking is a little tricky since you have to park on the street. We ate here for brunch and with it being so close to Halloween they had a special Halloween menu. The coffee and hot chocolate were smooth and creamy served with foam. We ordered The Bride of Eggs Benedict Florenstein, The Amityville Challah Stuffed French Toast, and The Crystal Lake breakfast special. Everything was so good and we left full and satisfied.People take their brunch seriously. I never knew how serious until I graduated college and realized the amazingly strong consumer demand for Sunday brunch in metropolitan cities. That being said, I am a newly found brunch fan and finally found an amazing brunch spot.
My friend and I called ahead, so we avoided the intense long lines and crowd anxiously awaiting their food. I HIGHLY recommend calling ahead. The service was great - very friendly and attentive considering how crazy the place was buzzing. I also can't get over how "cheap" the food was, especially for the large portions they give you. I love a good bang for your buck. I got a delicious omelette on their weekly specials list...which so happened to be dedicated to "30 Rock" (the series had just ended). 
The food was just so good and flavorful! Plus, it was a BYO, c'mon now, how can you not love?Came to Philly on vacation and am a big fan of breakfast/brunch! To say the least this place satisfied our midday cravings. Besides the fact that the food was incredible, the ambiance and environment was perfect. I had an egg sandwich with bacon and sausage with home fries and my gf has huevos rancharos, both were phenomenal! The service was great as well as the server recommend some great places in the city center and some great dive bars with live music. Will be back again 100% when visiting Philly!!This place was pretty cool. I went here with a friend for breakfast one day and it was packed. We had to wait 10-15 minutes. But there's a "bar" area where you can just seat yourself so we just sat there. I don't know if it's because we ordered typical breakfast food (challah french toast and omelettes) but there wasn't anything special about it. I could make this at home if I really wanted to. The food was good though.Wow simply awesome. Went one sunday morning and had to wait 1 1/2 hours for a table but well worth the wait. Stuffed French toast was great. Just call ahead to put your name on the waiting list.If you're coming to Sabrina's, there is one thing you have to order: challah stuffed French toast. This is hands down the best stuffed French toast I've ever had. The slices of bread are huge, about 2 inches each, and are stuffed with cream cheese and banana slices. It is then topped with powder sugar and more bananas. At $10, it's also pretty cheap, considering how much food you get (I recommend sharing the French toast and then also ordering a side such a bacon - it'll come out to about $7 a person). I've tried the breakfast burrito and it is also delicious/hefty.
I have visited both the Powelton and Center City branches of Sabrina's Cafe and the food was equally excellent at both. However, I prefer the Powelton branch because of the awesome building it is in as well as the seating on the porch. I came for Sunday brunch. The main room was very loud and crowded, but luckily we got seats on the porch which was quieter, had great natural lighting, and entertaining views of the frats (apparently Sunday at 1pm is a great time to drink outdoors!)
My one complaint - orange juice is too expensive at $4 for a large glass. However, it is fresh squeezed and tastes great, so it may be worth it, even if you can buy a similar bottle for $2 at Wawa.
I'm not sure how the regular food is here: we have no reason to order anything but the breakfast food!I've heard good things about the Sabrina's 'chain' of restaurants.  This location was my first opportunity to try the food, which was quite good.  The meatloaf was obviously carefully crafted and the islander sandwich had a nice sized tuna steak on it, though it was overcooked.  The only issue with this restaurant, more specifically this location of this restaurant, was the very collegiate feel to it.  Its in a Drexel building and obviously is tended by students.  I guess this just clashed with expectations.  However, as previously stated, the food was delicious.All I can say is DELISH! Three of us came and all were very pleased! Large portions too. Not to mention a very friendly staff:)Huge portions and love the Olympic menu they're running right now! Food is really good. The atmosphere is lively and pretty loud though.People in philly are so nice,EXCEPT the hostesses of this cafe.  The wait staff was very nice and professional, but then hostesses were awful.  Warning- do not give you number.  They lie when they say they'll inform you when the table is being prepared.  They tell you when it's done, if some of you are standing outside and not in the building, they give the table away.  We were right outside!  Why didn't they tell us we had to stay on the premises?  They do we even give a phone number?  When questioned (in appropriate, not brash tones) the hostesses acted like they were Doug a skit of rudeness.  They were exaggeratedly rude, rolled their eyes, scoffed, and really acted like 12 year old brats on a bad day.  I've never had a bad experience in a restaurant before (literally never, I'm not hard to please) and this was awful.I've been to the South Philly and Callowhill locations many times, this was my first trip to this one. 
Just as good as the others. I love their coffee and their breakfast specials. They always have off-the-wall options that you are very skeptical of, but I have yet to be disappointed. 
These are my favorite places for breakfast in Philadelphia, hands down.I was here in Philly for two weeks attending the MRT course at the Sheraton down the street and decided to check this little joint out. I must say, it was amazing. The stuffed French toast was off the hook and my wife said her scrambled eggs with cheese were unlike any other she had ever had. My only disappointment was that the waiter failed to tell us how dang big the portion sizes were; apparently he reads minds! The French toast was the size of a small child and can easily, let me rephrase, should be shared by two. Other than that it was definitely worth it to eat here.Waited about 40 minutes to be seated, it was very busy. But the amazing food and service made up for it. I wouldn't have waited anywhere else that long unless i knew that it was worth it. I have been to this location before, found it by accident and it will be one of my top picks for breakfast and lunch. I got the grilled vegetable sammy and it was amazing! for sure recommend this place to everyone. keep up the great work (:Tedious and false waiting time! The girl on the door was really rude. The food ymis good however the service really dissapointed me. Maybe i will try the other Sabrina's in the town. 
I called to make a reservation for 7 the girl on the phone told me it was a 2 hour wait. However that i had to be there an hour before. I was there 1 and hald hour before. We received a text saying that our table was ready. However we werent all there because IT WAS SUPPOSED TO BE A TWO HOUR WAIT. We called the other persons. They were there in about 10 min. The girl on the door told us we had to wait another half and hour because our table was not complete. Really rude.So friendly and cozy food was great and quick. Pretty large place. Kids menu was adorable and everything was reasonably priced. Plenty of parking for free on the street if you go early enough. Couldn't figure out how to get in at first because it is witching what looks like a residence.I came here yesterday for brunch with two of my friends. The wait was an hour and half...so we decided to do take out. The great thing about this place was there is an lounge area upstairs, so we decided to take it upstairs. The takeout service was good; the wait was 20 minutes. The food was great as usual. I had the plain challah bread with sweet potato fries. The taste was the same, but it was a bit soggy because they closed the takeout box right after it was made (which I'm not complaining about). I would definitely come back to dine in.This place was amazing. Had brunch here today with a friend. There was an hour wait but there is a great app called Nowait where we can track the progress and how many parties are ahead of us. There is even a very nice, AC and comfortable place right in the restaurant where you can wait (it's actually the Spencer's eatery). We were seated after an hour and had a really polite and friendly waitress. I got a special French toast that was out of this world, and my friend and I shared sweet potato fries which they kindly split for us. It was so many fries that I thought they brought us two orders. I also had the fresh squeezed orange juice, which was amazing. This is a great place to go if you don't mind waiting a bit for great food.This is the place to go. I came here for my last meal in Philly at the end of a few months of living here. Probably the best brunch I've had here. My only regret was not having found this place earlier! The sandwiches are second to none, and comes with coleslaw salad that can't be beat. One warning: portions are huge so be sure to work up an appetite before.I'm glad Drexel did something with Ross Commons and that Sabrina's Cafe is now here. I definitely feel like a lot of students come here with their families, because it's definitely not cheap. It was pretty busy when we went for brunch and my friend and I had to wait upstairs for about 25 minutes until being called. She got her usual fritatta and I got the eggs florentine benedict. I was skeptical at first, because my favorite benedicts are from a brunch spot back at home, but these were different and good as well. The muffins were thin and the sauce wasn't as heavy. I quite enjoyed it.The food was delicious! I have heard great things from numerous people and im glad i finally tried it for myself. I tried the huevos rancheros and my boyfriend tried a more classic breakfast   wheat pancakes,  scrambled eggs and toast with orange juice. Everything was great! The huevos rancheros which had chorizo, guacamole, spicy sauce and a pepper on top had the right amount of spice. The hash browns were crispy and had sauteed onions. We will definately be coming back!I loved the hipster-esque vibe of the cafe--in fact, I loved everything about sitting in that small booth and looking around the cafe, with considerate and funny waitresses chatting besides the cute display of tea bags in mason jars. However, my only complaint is that all the food was much too rich. My friend and I ordered around 4-5 meals between us, and I--a big sweet tooth--was even slightly overwhelmed by the sweetness in my Thai soba noodle dish (HIGHLY recommend though), much less the sweet potato fries and stuffed French toast, both of which I couldn't finish because of the overwhelming richness. But I hope I can stop by this lovely joint at least one more time.Yes, amazing brunch, HUGE portions, great service, reasonable prices.  I like this location better than the new one in New Jersey (haddonfield?)Summary: Great food, reasonable prices, good (but awkward) service.
Sunday morning is synonymous with what for me?  Brunch, of course!  Having heard a lot about Sabrina's Cafe in Philadelphia, and seeing their new location on the Drexel Campus near by, I had to head over.  So I rounded up the gang and hit it up a few weeks ago.
Sabrina's has somewhat of an ardent fan following in Philadelphia.  They have a few other locations around the city, all of which are really recommended for the food.  And they are absolutely right!  The vegetable spring rolls, the barking chihuahua (a burrito, just to be clear), and the eggs benedict all come recommended from my own experiences here.  The veggie spring rolls (not something you'd expect in a place like this) are fresh, flavorful, and a great addition to their menu.  The barking chihuahua, a behemoth burrito (somewhat interesting name, if you think about it), is filled with eggs, beans, peppers, cheese, and just about anything else that you want in it.  Eggs benedict is also done well here, albeit the hollandaise is a bit too eggy per my liking (a common issue).
On the other hand, while the stuffed french toasts are loved by some, my friends (and I) all agreed that they seemed to be a bit too sweet for our liking.  If sweet stuff floats your boat, by all means go for it!
Stuff is reasonably priced, although a group of 3-4 can easily rack up a 60-70 dollar bill without much trouble.  Still, for the most part, considering the quality of the food, it isn't too bad.  But a glass of OJ can run you 4 bucks!  Bit high for a campus dining option, if you ask me.
Service was decent.  There was an hour-long wait for a party of 4 (we got there at noon, so not unexpected).  Our server was nice, but as some other folks also remarked, the check was brought out shortly after the mains arrived.  I definitely understand that you need to turn the tables, but still... really?  Also, the server seemed to be forgetting our table for 10-15 minutes on end.  I don't really want you breathing down my back, but I would like water every now and then... y'know?
All in all, a decent place, and I have been back since my initial visit.  Just be prepared to wait, and be careful with what you order!Best Brunch in the city! I got the challah French toast...it was a huge platter with whipped butter and syrup! They change their specials pretty often and everything I've had here is great portions and decently priced.Pleasing casual ambiance in Tiffany- industrial motif. My hummus platter was very fresh and delicious. Our party arranged to bring our own birthday cake and they accommodated us with a smile after dinner. Cappacino was outstanding. I like this place!I can not say enough about this place. We have been coming here every year for the last 7 year as we have 2 children graduating/graduate at the Wharton School. When we visit this is the place for brunch. The service is amazing. The staff is friendly and on top of everything. What I really like is the speed at which you get you food. The stuffed French toast is amazing. The eggs Benedict is always a go to for me. The family tends to share plates so I have gotten to try a number of dishes. The location is a quaint old house that really gives you a home cooked feel. When in Philly stop by and treat your self to a great brunch.Had the eggs Benedict.  Really nice Hollandaise sauce.  Great menu.  Great service.  Worth the wait and lives up to the hype.Great place in the Drexel area of Philly. FYI - there are a few in different neighborhoods. Went on a Sunday for breakfast - the wait was not too bad. Food was excellent and the staff was great, too. I highly recommend stopping here if you're ever in the area.This place was adorable! It's in a very cool building with windows and string lights and plenty of seating. Their food was AMAZING, I had their French Toast which was one of the best I've ever had. It's also in a very cute neighborhood. 10/10 recommend.Make a reservation or get the food to go and eat upstairs. My second time back this weekend cause it close to Drexel.My experience with Sabrina's Cafe was nothing short of disastrous. I went there this morning for my after wedding brunch with visiting family members from out of town. 
Instead of telling us that they could not accommodate a group of twelve, they took our name and informed us it would be an hour long wait. TWO HOURS later, my family and I were still waiting and when we inquired to the hostess they told us it would be another 30 minutes, at least. The manager and staff made the decision to seat smaller parties that came in after us instead of saving tabletops for us. Why didn't I call ahead and make a reservation you may be wondering? Because Sabrina's "doesn't take reservations."
Sabrina's ornate facade masks a business that is highly mismanaged. They did not seem to care in the slightest for the inconvenience they caused. They lied to serve their best interests and were not bothered about exploiting us for their gain. A few of my relatives starting feeling ill due to low blood sugar.
After we finally left Sabrina's after waiting nearly 3 hours, my friend called the nearby City Tap Room. They sat us immediately and the food was great.  The staff at Sabrina's needs to take a course in business management at nearby Drexel because they suck.This is our favorite brunch spot in Philly and we go almost every Saturday morning. The food is awesome, you get huge portions, and the prices are reasonable. It's a cool building and atmosphere although a little fratty. Parking can be challenging and it gets really busy so I would recommend getting there earlyI like this location much better than the one on Christian Street because there is more open space.  You get your money's worth with big portions (that are also delicious).  Good service too.This place proved to be a disaster for our party. We waited two hours and finally left when it was clear that management was simply lying. Granted we had a large party. It would have been nice if they had just told us at 11:00 am that they could not help us rather than have us leave hungry and disgusted at 1:00 PM.I love the atmosphere of Sabrina's, it's always bustling with a very fun vibe. Of course, the downside of the bustle is the long wait for tables, but they have a new text message system so you can leave the restaurant as you wait and explore the surrounding University City area. 
Their menu has a wide range that works for everyone, including vegetarians and breakfast food lovers. I usually opt for lunch when at brunch, so I ordered the burger (the Mad Max special). I loved the aioli on the burger, it added a tasty touch. The parmesan fries were delicious too. My friend ordered the sweet potato fries, which actually come with cinnamon and powdered sugar on them - a bit too sweet for my taste but hey, if that floats your boat. 
My friend and I were stuffed after this meal and were in a food coma for a few hours, but worth it. I only wish they could offer some of their dinner menu all day - the tex-mex mac and cheese sounded amazing. Not the place if you're looking for a light meal, but always a fun time!I have never been a huge fan of a sweet and syrupy yumtastic breakfast.  Until today, I would always lean towards a savory hash brown escorted omelette.  Dear Mercy, the perfection that is stuffed challah French toast.  My only pause was the huge portion is just twice as big as it need be.  I will see you again my beautiful Sabrina's. Thank you for the smile.  YumI had finally paid this location a visit, & I must say, out of all of locations, this ones my Favorite!! It's location sits on corner in Powelton, easy to get to & a gorgeous spot it is. Easily accessible in parking & no meters either-residential. Heart of Drexel University. WE were seated in  the rounded room , and our waitress was attentive in the La Columbe coffee we split Challah French toast & still couldn't finish it !!. All in all pleasant experience and across the way ,same building, was Spencer's burgers, think sister restaurant..Open picnic tables, but I didn't get to see the menu.
Would I go back,???
Return factor: Yes, that area has great architect so well-kept. Loved it!!!Just visited the Drexel campus location of Sabrina's and it lived up to the name. I have been to the one is South Philly plenty of times and this one has one huge advantage in my mind and one small advantage. The huge advantage is the lack of wait time, we walked in a were sitting right away, I have NEVER had that happen with the South Philly location and the small advantage is it is less than a dozen blocks from me. I was also very impressed with the hostess that day about midway through our meal a couple came in with their daughter in a stroller. Most places would have had an issue with that but after a moment of looking around she had them seated and ready to order. It is always nice to see staff shine and to me that was one of those moments.An oft mentioned named in my circle of acquaintances (mostly students in University City),  Sabrina's Cafe does deliver on a solid and tasty brunch. This weekend's menu was summer movie themed and listed titles such as Godzilla vs. Eggs Benedict. While it doesn't necessarily make the food taste better, the thematic naming contributed to the fun loving atmosphere of the cafe, which is somewhat hidden away inside what looks like a Drexel administrative building. The pricing was also reasonable in the $11-15 range, especially considering the large portions sizes. The wait was considerable and they will not seat you until your entire party has arrived, so go when you are not pressed for time.Breakfast today with friends after the typical 1.5 hour wait, food was pretty good.  Issue was the bad attitude of our server and the lukewarm temperature of the food.Food and service were great for the price. Will definitely be back. I had the steak and eggs platter an I would recommend this for anyone wanting to visit for the first time. Also the pancakes were really good. The wait time was about average for a Saturday afternoon.If you're exercising portion control or attempting to reduce sugar from your diet, do not dine here.  The portions are impressively/disturbingly generous and they dust most of their breakfast entrees with powdered sugar.  However, if you're in the mood to treat yourself and some friends after a night of drunken debauchery or a 26.2-mile marathon, this is the place as the creative brunch menu is full of guilty pleasures and food coma-inducing delights.We love Sabrina's! All the locations are excellent but this one we especially like to go to with the kids before the zoo or please touch museum. The stuffed challah French toast is delicious and shareable. I also always get the huevos rancheros or a special. Food is always fresh with excellent flavor. Very kid friendly!Great brunch on the Drexel University campus. Sabrina's Caf (University City) is in a nice old building, sharing space with the Ross Commons. This is the place my hotel concierge recommended, and she did not steer me wrong.
I had the Huevos Rancheros, vegetarian style (no chorizo) and they were excellent! The next table over ordered the French Toast (Challah) and it looked absolutely amazing! Totally decadent. 
Burgers and sandwiches look good, so now Sabrina's is on my radar if I'm in town. Super!Just had a delicious breakfast with family and friends. Three of us had the challah French toast which was perfectly prepared. Another couple had various egg dishes. Potatoes and bacon were very good. Service was quick and the environment was casual. Definitely will be back next time I'm in the area.Okay, I went five stars for Sabnrina's in Powelton Village.  For what it is, it is def excellent.  First of all, this is perfect for a university area because you can basically eat breakfast or lunch all day - even at dinner time.  You go with a group - some may want dinner, some may want a sandwich, some may want breakfast ... it's all possible here.  The food is def tasty.  Their Field Salad with fresh fruit, walnuts, goat cheese and a light vinaigrette dressing is the single best salad that I have had in a long time.  Don't believe me? ... Try it!  The Bacon and blue cheese fritatta was also good but not to the same level of the salad.  The fritatta came with accompanying potatoes and made for a totally filling meal.  Service was casual & friendly and the old Victorian building that this Sabrina's is in has a lot of really cool architectural features.  Especially what's cool about this Sabrina's compared to the other ones in town is that it is much larger so you don't have the long wait in lines ... which I don't really want to do when I'm hungry.Great service from the wait staff.  Very responsive.  Had an enjoyable dinning experience.  
Excellent stuffed French toast.  Half order is enough to share for 2 people.  Legitimate huevos rancheros.  Cappuccinos and lattes were average.   
Get there before 9 am to beat the breakfast crowd.Holy moly. It is rare that a plate can best me, but the challah stuffed French toast beat me good. Usually when brunching I have a hard time straying from egg-based choices, although Sabrina's stuffed French toast has always intrigued me. Phil H. and I went with a gift card last weekend and I decided that day was the day to finally take the plunge and go for a sweet breakfast--WORTH IT. (However next time I'll probably go back to eggs because there are just so many delicious things to try!) I got 80% through before I had to stop for fear I'd have to be rolled out of the restaurant. It was awesome.While attending the Made in America Budweiser festival i was looking for local spots to have an epic meal. And oh my did Sabrina's cafe deliver. First the establishment itself was simply beautiful it was like walking into mamas house its a home turned into a wonderful restaurant. There was about an hour wait which let us know it was defiantly something to look forward too so i did not mind waiting. When we were seated i already knew what i wanted, as i pasted guest everyone was having the beautiful cream cheese & banana stuffed challah bread with vanilla bean syrup!!! and reading others reviews i knew i had to have it. Can i just say it was absolutely AMAZING!!!! warm not overly sweet or dry at all and HUGE there is no way i could have finished this alone. The cream cheese inside is perfectly blended with chunks of banana and cinnamon the vanilla bean syrup which i got on the side was perfect! i was on cloud nine after eating this dish. Staff is extremely friendly. please if you are in this area go to Sabrina's you will not be disappointed. So lucky to have found this restaurant.I ordered take out and waited and after about 25 minutes people who ordered long after me we're getting their food. I asked about my order and they said they would look for it. About 4 minutes later the guy was just taking orders at the counter again, so I asked again about my order and again he said he would look for it. About 10 minutes later I asked again and he again said he'd look for it. Finally, after I had waited an entire hour I just asked for a refund and they finally told me they had lost my order. They didn't even offer to put it in right away or anything that would have helped the fact that I waited an hour for lunch that I didn't get that should have taken 15 minutes. Thanks guys.This place is really overrated and doesn't have good service. Every time I've gone they have confused / forgot orders. I was with larger groups of people but they should still be able to serve correctly. The last time I came I got a veggie egg sandwich and they didn't put any vegetables in it. Also the French toast is just too stuffed and the tastes don't go well together.I love this place so so so so much. The french toast is amazing, the Islander sandwich is amazing, their Apple and Cheddar Omelet is amazing, the Crispy Tofu is amazing, their egg sandwich is great. I love their fries and the fact that they use brioche. The atmosphere is great and the service is awesome! I've probably been to this place at least ten times. I love going for a nice quiet dinner.I used to live right down the street from this place, and it was a great brunch spot. A gem amongst the other University City eats around Drexel. The place is small and quaint; it gives you a really homey feeling.
I almost always order the eggs benedict at any brunch spot. Sabrina's egg benedict was delicious! Fantastic hollandaise sauce and the portions are great. I couldn't finish all the potatoes given. The service was attentive and atmosphere was friendly. This is definitely the best brunch spot in University City, hands down!Stuffed French toast was definitely my favorite! The eggs Benedict was amazing as well.Food: 4.5
Decor: 4
Ambiance: 3.5
Service: 3
Value: 3.5
Very cool old building serving very good brunch.It's my second time to Sabrina's. The first time I went to the one at the Callow Hill. Great place. Nice decor. The food is good. Their sweet potato fries are fantastic.Amazing food. Fast service (maybe that's because we got there after 1:30pm). Nice staff. Would definitely recommend everyone go there when visiting Philly. Totally worth the drive.Visiting from Denver for a few days and was lucky enough to find this gem. Excellent service, and the food is off the charts. It's hard to make an egg sandwich different and memorable, but that's exactly what happened. My table mates had different varieties of French toast, which were unlike any variation of that meal I've ever seen or tasted. A must visit for any passer by.This is my favorite Sabrina's brand. I tried all 3 locations in city and keep coming back to this one. Staff is nice and food is consistent. I feel this space little larger than one at Italian market so feel less cramped. Burger and breakfast egg are always delicious and enjoy their fresh sneezed juice. Can't wait to go back.Very good food and nice neighborhood joint. It's a little expensive but worth it if you're looking to splurge for a nice weekend breakfast with guests.When I first moved to Philadelphia, I was told I HAD to go to Sabrina's to try their French toast. And being a person who is CRAZY about French toast, I did! I was soooo excited. The building was lovely, the service was great, but the actual French toast? Meh, it was okay; not bad, but just okay. I thought to myself, "Maybe it's just an off morning for the cook, or maybe that particular French toast special isn't what the hype is all about". So I went back again several week later, and ordered something completely different! Again, the environment was pleasant, the service was very good, but my food? Meh. Again, just meh. But, being a person who likes to give the benefit of the doubt, I thought, "Well, I didn't order the French toast this time, so maybe (again) it just wasn't the right representation of what they have to offer". So I went back AGAIN yesterday for my friend's birthday. AGAIN, the atmosphere was perfect, our server was prompt and attentive, and I was SOOO excited to order a French toast special that was right up my alley: challah bread, shredded coconut, mixed berries... HEAVEN. But when I took my first bite of this AMAZING looking feast... "Oh my God... This bread is STALE. Like, unbelievably and completely STALE. This is not fluffy, moist, warm, delicious Challah bread French toast, this is a ridiculously thick chunk of dry, crusty, undeniably STALE bread". But AGAAAAIN, I gave them benefit of the doubt and decided to take the rest of it home. Maybe I wasn't in the right mindset to enjoy it, being stressed about making my friend's birthday perfect. Maybe it was just that one piece that was less then perfect - mistakes happen - and when I got home and heated it up in the oven I would FINALLY experience the AMAZINGNESS THAT IS SABRINA'S FRENCH TOAST! Well, I'll tell you what I experienced. After a day of eating aaaall the same things as the birthday boy, EXCEPT for our orders at Sabrina's, I spent the night doubled over in pain, throwing up/generally purging my body from debilitating FOOD POISONING. NEVER. AGAIN.Had breakfast here this morning, it came highly recommended!!
Walked down from Presbyterian Hspt 
Ordered breakfast 
Buttermilk pancakes 
Delicious served with powdered sugar and cinnamon  had a half stack and the was more th. Enough
Side order of pork sausage three large tasty links this is no jimmy dean it's the real stuff
Service was good and attentive no pressure allowed me to sit as long as I wanted 
Music selection was some sort of modern new wavish stuff kinda interesting 
Not too many annoying hipsters or frat brothers in the morning .....
I remember this neighborhood when it was Drexel engineering nerds hippies or poor people ... it sure has changedLocation was great found parking right away
Atmosphere was perfect  waitress was awesome service was quick food was out of this world everything was cooked to perfection I use to worship green eggs cafe but that's until I found this place my favorite breakfast place in the worldI did not enjoy my omelette but the French Toast looked incredible. I don't think the meal was worth the long wait time but I am new to the area so it seems to be a local favorite spot.If I could give 0 stars I would. Horrible service, bad waiters, attitude. I don't care how good the food is supposed to be, no one should be subject to treatment like this. Bad.OMG this place is phenomenal.  I got the stuffed french toast half portion (and even this was enough to share with another person) as well as the eggs benedict from the olympics menu.  I agree with everyone who says that if it's your first time here, you must try the stuffed french toast.  It is enormous, and does not disappoint for the price.  Thick cut challah and stuffed with a creamy filling and bananas.  Topped with bananas and syrup.  This is almost like a dessert.
The eggs benedict was wonderful, served with a cheese whiz sauce over steak, spinach, mushrooms, and bread.  It was topped with pickled peppers.  I wasn't a huge fan of that and the bread wasn't that great.  Otherwise, it was a very interesting and tasty take on eggs benedict.  The home fries that were served with it were great.  I was really impressed with the flavor.  It had some onions cooked with it, and the home fries were perfectly crispy on the outside and soft on the inside.  Perfection.
The wait time wasn't too bad either.  I used the no-wait app which others had recommended and only had to wait about 5 minutes for a table.  One thing that I was surprised by was that when I asked for barbecue sauce, I was charged an extra 50 cents for it.  Other than that, I can't really complain.  I was happy with the service as my coffee was refilled often, and the food came out pretty quickly.  It was  a little hot in here, but I sat in an area that was had a lot of fans.  Overall, this is a great brunch spot  with huge portions and quality food, that I highly recommend!Horrible horrible horrible service! Rude management and seriously did not care about customer service at all. After 2 hours of waiting to be seated we just left and went to another establishment that was able to accommodate us immediately.Good ambience,  ordered the Mexi special and it was amazing. Could be crowded on weekends but the wait is well worth it.Always looking be to enjoy brunch here with friends! French toast and omelet are my favorites! Have to go there early cause they don't accept reserve...small tables, over crowded, food is average, coffee is blah and orange juice is not fresh squeezed as they said it was. I have been really wanting to go here, so I when I finally came it was a disappointment** I will try the other establishment and hopefully it is way better then this!Love the stuffed French toast. Big portion though! Big enough to share with someone else. Also like how there is a pool table upstairs for you to play and kill time while waiting for your table. The servers are nice. The place appears to be an ex-frat house or something.Had heard rave reviews about Sabrina's since years, so tried it for Saturday brunch. But honestly I felt it is overrated. The food was mediocre, in fact the menu isn't very impressive for someone who is not a big fan of eggs or sausages or turkey. The coffee too was below average. The popularity of this restaurant is somewhere related to the lack of sufficient brunch places in University City. If you don't have many options, you are kind of forced to frequent average places!The food is good but the waits are horrendous. Even if you call ahead you have to wait a half hour. There's no place to sit while waiting so you stand and are in everyone's way.I came on a Sunday for brunch around 11 with about 8 or 9 of my girlfriends. We used the call ahead option, but had about 25 minutes remaining when we checked in upon arrival. I really liked being able to get a beverage and head upstairs to the waiting area. The waiting area has sofas, pool tables, and a picturesque window seat that I claimed.
No complaints on the food (and we ordered A LOT) of it, with their huge portions and reasonable prices. Everyone enjoyed their meals.This is our neighborhood Sabrina's location. Always guaranteed to get good service and a good meal. The wait time can be overbearing, particularly on the weekends since they don't take reservations, but you can quickly get a table at any time if you're not trying to go for brunch. I usually order from the brunch specials which are always amusingly themed and tasty.
This location has a great wait staff who are personable, attentive, and remember returners. Their manager leaves much to be desired. He seems to nickel and dime everything in the store. Requested condiments along with my to go order and was questioned as to why I needed more/that there was some already in the bag when there wasn't. The person who prepped the bag failed to put utensils or condiments. Shouldn't need to be defended/explained but he questioned why I needed it. Similarly, asked for a cup of water to go. Hostess was happy enough to oblige. She was reprimanded after giving it to me. Not sure if he thought I wasn't a paying customer...if they're reserved for children dining in. Doesn't really matter. It's ketchup. It's a cup, Quit being a penny-pincher! Your customers hear you and it's not becoming. For a $16.00 breakfast meal, you can afford the condiment and cup.This was my first time here for brunch. The restaurant is cute and quaint and the food is amazing! I will definitely be visiting again.Taste: 8.627/10
Price: 8.5/10
$9.79 for a barking chihuahua (the burrito thing) $10.29 for the french toast
That french toast is the best french toast ive ever had. Idunno what bread they use they probably made it themselves but they are two towers of power those things were so fluffy omg. They had like some banana cinnamon stuff in between and each bite was just mm mm mmmmmmm! Wow amazing you gotta try it out its pretty sweet considering its covered in syrup and fruit stuffs LOL but dude its so good and not that expensive
The burrito was pretty good too ! Nothing particularly spoke to me about it which can be good as well it was just an enjoyable breakfast burrito LOL it all blended together well no flavor was overpowering or anything and the potatoes were cooked well and filling.
Go here for breakfast it is affordable and filling !!I have been to Sabrina's for brunch a few times and in my opinion it is a bit over rated. Yes, the portions are humungous but only a few items are consistently good.
Things I like: their stuffed challah French toast and pancakes. Honestly the few times I went there was because my husband loves that French toast.
I am a vegetarian so I am not saying I have tried everything. But even a basic thing such as their veggie omelette was very under-seasoned, sort of over cooked/dry. The potatoes on the side were not good either. Perhaps it was just that one time but the next time I tried their brunch item with tofu scramble. Guess what the seasoning was alright this time except there was a ton of salt on the tofu. I couldn't eat it, I talked to our server and he said that's how the dish is supposed to be. He didn't really offer a choice, so I just ended up eating the toast and potatoes on the side.
In addition to the above, there is always an inevitably long wait. That's a bummer for me given the food isn't something I would die for. We also found really good, not so busy brunch places around with amazing French toast (local 44, perch pub etc.), so may be we won't really come here that frequently after all.I finally got around to trying this Sabrina's cafe: it was adorable and the food was consistently great like how it is at the other locations. I would say that this location is just as small as the other locations but oddly shaped with a narrow part of the restaurant for mostly two person groups. So not great for large groups/baby strollers and the like. Try the other locations for larger groups. Here's it's mostly college students lamenting papers and STDs. Oh, college campus restaurants, how you keep me on my toes.
Much like the Art Museum Sabrinas and the Italian Market Sabrinas, it's plagued with long-ass wait lines which BLOWS buuuuuuuuut the major-daddy perk of this place is that they have a Sabrina's ToGo station where you can order your cuppa coffee while you wait the hour(plus) for your table. Sure curbs the crankiness of my man, so thumbs up from this gal over here.Sabrina's is a great brunch spot, this one is located inside a Drexel campus building so the entrance was a little tough to spot. Usually crowded on the weekends so if you don't get there early be prepared to wait. Pretty affordable and consistently delicious.Wonderful service and amazing food.  The price is right too.  It's in an older building so it has a very quaint atmosphere.Sabrina's has great food and many options. Milkshakes are amazing! There is always a wait sometimes up to over an hour long.A decent brunch place in the area. The food is consistently mediocre in my opinion (I've had the Bleu Cheese & Bacon Frittata, Stuffed french toast, and eggs benedict) and the prices are what you would expect for brunch. If you're in the area and looking for brunch, this might be your choice. 
I do like that they use the NoWait app which allows you to put your name on the list beforehand and show up around the time your table would be ready. Very convenient!Had breakfast here with the family. Delicious food great service. Must arrive early. Anything on the menu will not disappoint.Took my mother, aunt and two kids here for breakfast. My kids are 3 months and 5 years and this was very family friendly. The staff interacted with my oldest and coo'd at my baby it made for a very welcoming atmosphere. 
I ate the barking chihuahua and it was amazing! Great size and full of flavor. I substituted guac instead of the marinara and it was the right choice! The guac had a little bite to it and paired perfectly with the black beans and red peppers in the wrap. 
I will definitely bring my husband and kids back here again. It's located 6 mins from the zoo and is a great start for a zoo day.Wanted to venture in and grab brunch before the students moved back in! Sitting on the corner of 34th, Sabrina's is situated on greek row...but don't worry if you are not a college student, they welcome all! I ended up waiting about 20 minutes and I can say it was well worth it! 
I ended up getting the mexi-brunch special which was an egg, cheese, pepper, chorizo omelet topped with avocado and sided with potatoes. The food was great and the service was spot on! 
Overall, I will certainly be back and recommend Sabrina's caf.Went for Sunday morning brunch, the wait time is insane. But there are pool tables upstairs that made the wait lil easy. The food portions are huge. The French toast is heavenly, glorious , is all you want. Ordered rancheros as well, those were yummy !! 
The best brunch ever !!I absolutely love this place. They have 2 locations, one at Drexel campus and another near the Italian market. The location at Drexel campus is more cozier and spacey, compared to the one in the Italian market. The one near the Italian market is bigger but it does get a bit stuffy when you walk around inside, especially if it's busy. I like the location at Drexel more because it's convenient for me and they have Ross Commons upstairs, which I usually go to hang out after eating at Sabrina's. And they have a pool table we can use. 
Nevertheless, the food is amazing. The first time I came here, I got the Challah French Toast and it was delicious. The texture was toasty and soft. They're also pretty big. I also love the Egg Sandwich and the fried potatoes it came with. They also have my favorite buttermilk pancakes, which are perfect! It was soft and moist and the maple syrup it came with accompanied the pancakes wonderfully. Not only that, very recently I tried Mel's Chicken Cutlet sandwich, which is what my friend gets every time we come here. I doubted it at first, but then I tried the sweet potato fries he ordered with it and I fell in love. I just had to try the whole thing. The sandwich itself consisted of grilled chicken, spinach and melted provolone cheese. I wouldn't say it's my favorite sandwich since I'm not a big fan of spinach, but I would definitely get it. One thing I wasn't too crazy about was the Mediterranean wrap, but other than that, the food is amazing.I highly recommend this place if you're in the area, going to the Philly Zoo or what not. A great place for breakfast, as they're famous for their MASSIVE stuffed french toast (delicious!! but a little on the heavy side...). I had their Too Many Mmmmmm's sandwich which was absolutely amazing! I love breakfast sandwiches and this one with the sausage, egg, avocado, and peppers was so good! The atmosphere was very lively, almost a little noisy, with lots of chatty Drexel students socializing over their meals. Overall a great find!An abundance of food. Great for another meal or 2. We would happily recommend the egg white frittata with spinach and provolone, pancakes and/or eggs. Worth the visit and friendly, attentive service.   Stopped in for breakfast before our #drexelvisitSo far the best brunch I had in Philly. Wait time is a little disappointing but the food was totally worth the wait.  
Their french toast is heavenly. The serving size is pretty big and I am sure one doesn't need to eat anything all day after the french toast. It comes with toppings of your choice. We went with blueberries and strawberries. Amazing food and the coffee was great too!!I am a regular at sabrina's and I really like the food,But every time I order delivery,I am disappointed!
Last time when I ordered a grilled veggies sandwich,it was messed up with the veggies that I wanted and the ones I dint want.(I have allergies to asparagus,so yeah not a good thing to forget!)
This time i ordered french toast and veggie burger with sweet potato fries,they just added the regular potatoes,you know don't care about what the order says.
And french toast came without the syrup,what is the point of the french toast then?! It's like ordering a burger and you don't get the bun!
Kinda ruined my mood for french toast!
Disappointing delivery orders.It's like they don't listen,or don't care to pay attention to an order.
I know you are busy,but that is no excuse to mess up orders,that's your business.
But if you walk in,it might be possible to have all the attention of your servers
I am open to new breakfast/brunch places now.Accommodating of food allergies and aversions.  Lovingly crafted food. Friendly, professional service.  Great burgers and omelettes, but also great fish dishes and other more complex entrees.  Gourmet comfort.  
In big house, on fringe of Drexel Univ campus.  Homey, casual, spacious.
Street parking often available, but garage at 34th & Market was just a few blocks away.The food here was fantastic and reasonably priced. I would recommend the half sandwich, with a cup of soup. It was definitely filling and they had a wide variety of sandwiches that you can choose from to pair it with. I went with the Mel's Chicken Cutlet, and I would recommend it as well. Everything I got was definitely fresh. Also try the hand squeezed lemonade.It was a bit difficult to find the front door as a first timer since there isn't a sign, but after a bit of describe work I found it. Yet that's probably a bad way to introduce you to this restaurant. 
***Spoiler Alert for my Netflix fans***
This is the FIRST and only restaurant I've come across that plays on Netflix hit show 'Stranger Things' which was amazing because the special dishes play well and they hold their own weight. I could've order three of the specials because they all sound so good and are reasonably priced too. I ordered the Hopper's Mexi Special for $13 and golly was it a HUGE filling burrito. The Basil flour tortilla along with the lime sour cream sent my mouth on a nice journey. Coming from the South the maple brisket that is another filling could've been executed better yet most college kids probably won't notice. That plate certainly and any other plate I saw passing my face could easily fill a growing man. 
I plan to drag my friends here for more rounds of different dishes they offer as they are moderately priced with very good portions to fill the belly.My boyfriend told me that it was my turn to choose where we go for our New Place Tuesdays, and after doing a bit of research of MANY places, I chose this one. Let me tell you, it was well worth the drive through the tolls and the hassle of finding parking on the street. 
I pinned this place in my mind as a definite breakfast one, and after reading many reviews I ordered the Stuffed Challah French Toast. It was to die for. Perfectly cooked, seasoned, dressed - everything. I'm not a huge French toast person, usually they're too rich and dense, but this had the perfect amount of fluffiness vs crust ratio. I have to admit that I have a heavy hand when it comes to syrup and butter, but the mixture of the two was perfect - even with powered sugar, bananas, and cream cheese - it wasn't overly sweet and indulgent. 
If you're out of state, near outside of the city, or inside of it looking for a new place, this is the best. It's casual with a feel of Bed and Breakfast/Tea House and the overall atmosphere is just relaxing and comforting.On first glance, Sabrina's exterior in the middle of the crowded Italian Market won't attract us, but based on a recommendation a friend (and Yelp), we decided to come in for a brunch. My husband ordered the Huevos Rancheros and I ordered the Turkey Bacon White Egg Frittatas. Both food were delicious! My husband said his portion was good for the price, and although he was full, it didn't leave him as stuffed as green eggs always have. My frittatas was good and yummy. Their potatoes were out of this world! (Beat Chhaya & Green Egg hands down). Their menu is rather sizeable, but didn't leave us confused for 2 hours deciding what we wanted to eat (lol). We sat outside and the atmosphere was beautiful, servers were pretty nice as well :) will definitely come back!Great local cafe in the heart of the Italian Market in Philadelphia. Sabrina's Cafe serves an eclectic menu where breakfast, served all day, is the star. I started out with a hummus platter plated with fresh hummus, roasted red peppers, olives, cucumber, and pita (minus the feta). For lunch I ordered the Vegan Brunch. Three corn tortillas, seitan, roasted vegetable salad with bell peppers, carrots, red onions, zucchini, guacamole, pico de gallo, and a side of fresh fruit. A great place to take your non-vegan friends with lots of options sure to delight all palates.After quick review, I was completely into the idea of trying everything on the menu at Sabrina's. A friend and I ordered two dishes from the Brunch menu: chocolate chip pancakes with shortbread cookie crumbles and raspberry-chocolate chip sauce, and the stuffed French toast (filling of cream cheese, Reese's cups, grape jelly). 
The pancakes not only lacked chocolate chips, but were also extremely dry - something I'd compare to leather. The shortbread crumbles would have been a nice touch if they hadn't been stale. The french toast was equally as dry as it's pancake cousin. The filling tasted purely of cream cheese, and the only element of sweetness was contributed by the grape jelly which did not compliment the dish whatsoever. 
After tasting each dish I covered each with the two sauces which had come with the breakfast. Neither sauce did anything to enhance the dishes. 
I was thoroughly disappointed with my first Sabrina's experience, mainly because I was blown away by the eclectic menu and I expected much more. I wouldn't recommend this restaurant to anyone, however I am giving Sabrina's the benefit of the doubt by assuming my experience was just a total fluke (maybe from the high dining volume that particular morning). I would give Sabrina's one more try, because I don't want to prematurely  accept that such a cool spot could consistently put out less than mediocre food.Great place for Brunch. Groovy atmosphere with Drexel students. Would strongly recommend this place for brunch/breakfast. Make a reservation 30 mins prior to your arrival.I was in Philli for business and I needed somewhere to eat before I spent all day at the convention center. This place was amazing! I went back the next day and they remembered me :) I as so surprised and pleased. On top of that the food was fantastic!I've been meaning to get around this for like 2 months.  I have been subjected to Sabrina's 3 times.  Each time it it was because somebody came from out of town and insisted we go there.  The food is just fine but the servers blow.  I swear that the help wanted ads for this place reads, "Miserable hipster bitches on year-long periods need apply."  Two in particular; one we call the Wookie bc she's 10 feet tall with shitty hair and talks like she has an inner ear infection and the other one who insists on showing everybody the gay tattoos on the back of her legs.  We call her Death-Skank. Just awful service with snarky attitudes from them both.  I know this review will probably get deleted but this place needs to know that some of these chicks are just pure cancer.  Sabrina's will be packed every Sunday morning no matter who is working there but let somebody else have the opportunity to make their rent in one day; somebody who is appreciative and actually has people skills.  Send these two shit-heads packing.Went here for breakfast. The entrance is a little odd. Came here on a Wednesday morning around 9:20. Not too crowded. We got the stuffed challah French toast which was amazing. The stuffing is this delicious maple banana creme cheese. It was fabulous. Perfect portion. We also had the huevor rancheros which is also a large portion. Didn't want to leave without finishing it because it was too good. 
Overall great service, great food, and great proportions. Would definetly recommend it.We were just looking for a place to sit and grab a cup of coffee while at the Italian Market and saw Sabrina's Cafe.  It was quite busy with alot of people already waiting for a table but they had a table for two open in a small room right by the kitchen. We were served a glass of ice water immediately upon being seated. The atmosphere is unique with antiques and art work on the walls with tables tightly positioned in various rooms through out the restaurant.  The menu is quite large with something for everyone. Once we took a look we decided on a breakfast sandwich and blueberry pancakes. The buttermilk blueberry pancakes might have been the best I ever had. The 2 offered as a shortstack were all I needed along with the delicious sausage links to fill me up. My wife had an egg sandwich with turkey bacon that was so large she could only eat half. The homefries that were served with the sandwich were piping hot and very flavorful. The colorful staff were very attentive to our needs and also were quick with coffee refills. We have found another go to spot in Philadelphia and can't wait to go back and try it again!This was my first time here and it was great. I had a large party with me but the wait for a table was just 5-10 minutes. The server was very attentive and accomodating (we had some special diet requests). The food itself was incredibly delicious. They have several vegetarian options to choose from, which awesome because I'm vegan. I had the grilled vegetable sandwich which was awesome except that it comes with mozarella cheese. If you're vegan, make sure you specify no cheese. Overall this was a great place and I will definitely be back the next time I'm in Philly.Best french toast ever.  I got the challah french toast stuffed with banana cream cheese delciousness.  Four huge pieces of challah bread w/ vanilla infused maple syrup.  I had to take half of it home.  I've also tried the sweet potato fries... they're about average.  But, Jesus, that french toast.
The second time I went was for lunch, I got the mango tofu.... It was meh.  Much better at Banana Leaf in chinatown and about the same price. 
The atmosphere is cute-sy.  Good service.  Nice outdoor seating. Try it!My boyfriend and I found this place on Yelp when we came in for a weekend visit.  It had great reviews, so I was not surprised to find that it was super busy for a Sunday brunch.  I thought the overall ambience was very nice, but the food did not live up to all of the hype.  The portions were definitely large, but the taste was not the out-of-this-world experience I'd been hoping for.  I ordered an omelette and was disappointed to discover that the mushrooms were not fresh, but clearly the rubbery canned kind.
I'd probably go again if I was in town, but not sure it's worth the half-hour wait you're guaranteed on a Sunday morning.LOVE this place.. food is awesome, large portions...a good twist on American food. Breakfast has a nice little spin on it.  Love their fries... reasonably priced. Great neighborhood to walk around in. The wait is longer on weekends so expect to wait.I know people rave about the brunch, but dinner is where it's at.  I tend to order the fish dishes because they are so satisfying.
This BYO has a private dinning area for larger parties (make a reservation!) makes special occasions a breeze.Sooooo good, I went 2 days in a row!  The serve breakfast all day...which is what I was looking for.  The first day was the "Stuffed challah french toast".  A huge portion came out.  It was decadent for sure...and delicious! Second day was savory - an eggs benedict special to which I added chicken sausage.  Their hollandaise sauce is terrific.  Large portions and fair prices.  It's super casual and a fairly small place. But it has a counter - so for anyone eating solo it's great.I am still a huge fan of their food, but have to say some of the hostesses can be a real biotch sometimes! 
We decided to get brunch here with a group of 8 the day after New Years. We knew there would be a long wait, but since we were a large group we figured we can call ahead and put our names down. They did allow this, and quoted us for a 45-60 minute wait, so we decided to walk around Philly and kill some time before we got there.
By the time we reached Sabrina's, roughly 20-30 minutes had already passed. I went up to the girl with a clipboard standing outside, gave our name, and told her we called ahead. After checking her sheet, she told us to go in and check in with the other hostess inside. When we did this, the girl was on the phone so I was waiting, when all of a sudden the other girl came in and asked for the name again. I gave it, and then she asked, pretty rudely, "is your whole party present?" I said yes, to which she replied, "meaning they are all present here, like not parking or something?" I said  yes, we are all here, and pointed to everyone. She then looked at her sheet, said nothing and began dealing with other customers.
I found this interaction pretty strange and slightly uncalled for. I understand its busy, and you may be a little stressed, but there's really no need for an attitude. It gets worse, though. I still didn't know if they were aware of us being there, as she didn't acknowledge it, nor did she give me any other estimated wait time. So I try to ask her, but she then snaps "if you want to talk to me, you'll have to come outside" and walks out! I follow her out (wanting so badly to punch her in the face at this point, but resisting), and then she just stands there silently looking at her sheet. So say, "I just wanted to know how long the wait would be for us" and she replies (with the most insincere smile I've ever seen) "I'll be right with you, please just wait one moment". A moment goes by and the she turns to me and says, "now what did you want?" I tell her I just wanted an estimated wait time, and she then says, "well all I can tell you is that you were quoted 45-60 minutes when you called, but we're running 10-15 minutes behind as well"!
At this point, I had to resist all temptation to start cursing her off, and simply walk off. Since we were a large group, I decided it would be best to just wait it out and not push it with this serious bitch who must have been PMSing or something, but if it were just a few of us I would have flipped out and said lets go somewhere else. My fiance actually went and asked again for an estimated wait time, but the hostess must not be able to do math because she gave my fiance the same exact response. We were eventually seated after another 30 minutes or so, right within our quoted time, which is fine. But seriously, Sabrina's should think about hiring people who don't have a stick up their asses!Amazing brunch! I've been here 3 times already before I posted my review just to make sure it deserves this 5 star. I have always been satisfied with Sabrina's service and food. Always have great portionsThis place is definitely THE spot for breakfast!! I had an egg white fritatta in olive oil, fresh spinach, tomatoes, and provolone....delicious !!!!!Sabrinas is one of the best brunch spots in the city.
- David RounickCute place with outdoor seating made charming by all of the plants out on the sidewalk (seriously, it's like a little barricade of greenery when crossing the street).  
I ordered off their gourmet tea menu and picked the breakfast burrito - not the famous Barking Chihuahua one, but one that was delicious with apples, broccoli, and caramelized onions.  I highly, highly recommend it!  The included home fries also had a good seasoning and a great crispy-outside-soft-inside consistency.  My friend got the make-it-yourself omelet and declared it one of the best brunches he's had in Philadelphia - and not just because he got to have breakfast with me.The food is delicious!! My favorite dish from Sabrina's is the huevo rancheros...the chili beans, eggs, corn tortilla and guacamole combination is sooo good! The French toast is also delicious however for one person I would recommend getting half order. Quality of food & Portion size rates 5/5, Staff service rates 4/5, Wait time and convenience rates 3/5 simply because this place is soo good everyone goes there, expect to wait 20-30min easy.  Overall great any day of the week Breakfast/Brunch food!My girlfriend and I were looking for a new place for breakfast and we decided to try Sabrinas. Thankfully we went on an off-day and were able to sit outside without any wait. I read the reviews before coming (like any good adventurer should) and came very excited to try the Huevos Rancheros, as it was the dish I saw most in the reviews and, being from California where Huevos Rancheros is plentiful, I figured I would give it a shot. It did not disappoint. The food came in a manner of minutes. I was expecting just a couple of fried tortillas with over easy eggs and some ranchero sauce, but the chorizo sauce and the cilantro lime sauce were excellent additions to this traditional favorite. The portions were huge, much larger than I expected. I will say that I now have a new favorite place for Huevos Rancheros and will happily come again!Went here w the bf after reading such great reviews about it. We ordered the stuffed French toast with bananas (which seemed to be very popular bc it was on almost every table) and the vegetarian huevos rancheros. Both dishes were very good. Served hot. The waiter was good. Friendly enough and not overly attentive. Glad we checked it out.The fluffiest french toast I've ever had! La Colombe Coffee is good. Service is fantastic. Wait times for seating on the weekend can get a little long but it was worth the wait.I tried to go for Sunday brunch, but the wait was almost an hour, so I went this morning. (weekday)It was an amazing breakfast, I got the Mexi and my friend got the challah French toast. Mine was delicious, I love breakfast burritos and this one was to die for, the eggs were fluffy and the potatoes on the side were crunchy and seasoned well. The French toast was super sweet and unique. The service was friendly and the ambience was cozy! Go!I was in vacation with my family and other family members from abroad and wanted to find a special place where locals go and God, I did find it! First, the place is very hipster looking and very cute. The menu is so amazing that it's almost impossible to decide what to get it --- I wanted all. The flavors bring you back to memories of your Grandmas special branches. The detail and care they put on the plates are priceless. I highly recommend Sabrinas cafe but be aware that the wait to get a table can be a torture if you have small kids with you. But what a great breakfast/ brunch!Delicious brunches, huge portions, price is right, great service! Lots of veggie options is a plus, too. The smallness of the interior makes for a cozy dining experience.
Thoughts:
I went for dinner once and wasn't as impressed as I am with the brunch, but I just ordered a veggie burger when I have heard really good things about their specials, which was my mistake.  
Trying to go for weekend brunch you should call ahead, but even when you do there might still be more of a wait then you plan for. I called ahead and showed up 30 minutes later when they said a table would be opening up only to wait another 45 minutes. 
Overall, love this place.I love this place. Its our favourite  breakfast spot in Philly.The concierge at our hotel recommended Sabrina's and made a reservation for us. When we got to the restaurant, there was a line...glad we had a reservation. The food portions are healthy and do not disappoint. My favourite dishes are the Huevo Rancheros and french toast dishes. Service is very good and the wait is very personable. The only down side is the BYOB policy.Great food, nice atmosphere and the people were very friendly.  The wait is long but they take your cell number so you can walk around the market and go back when they call.One of the best brunch places in the city.  We go as a staff from work a few times a year, and have never been disappointed.
Their standard menu includes well priced and good brunch dishes, such as the breakfast burrito and the bacon and spinach frittata.  Spend a few extra bucks for the huevos rancheros, it's one of the dishes that brings us back.  The coffee alone is worth the trip.  One of our co-workers came just for that.
They always have a list of specials going, also unique brunch dishes, typically with a theme.  We went a few days ago, and everything was named after Whitney Houston songs.
We've never gone on a weekend, and I've heard if you do, expect at least a 30-60 minute wait.  The place is a little small, but located in the Italian Market, so good places to hang around if you do have to wait.  We always go on weekdays around 930-10ish, and the place is typically full to near full.  If that doesn't say how good the place is, I don't know what does.
If you haven't been, check it out, guaranteed you won't be disappointed.I was in Philly for a work conference and decided to check this cute breakfast place out. 
We chose a table outside and sat down to enjoy the beautiful weather. Our server was very friendly and helpful. I went with the regular french toast and some bananas on the side. The french toast was very soft and fluffy. I also requested some jam, which was homemade -  it was excellent. I also got a pineapple juice, and it tasted pretty fresh. Overall great breakfast place!The food is good, portions are great but the service and cleanliness of the restaurant are below average . It feels cramped and claustrophobic.Delicious veg-friendly brunch! We called ahead to put our names down so only had to wait 10 min when we arrived. My partner and I split french toast and the Ultimate Mexi Scramble, both of which were delicious, the scramble especially. The place definitely has a homey feel to it, and it feels cobbled together, as it essentially is-- a mix of the first floors of 2+ buildings. Nice neighborhood place, though not sure it would be worth a 90 min wait!A little awkward when you first walk in this place. There isn't really a hostess podium so it's pretty much a game of find someone who works here so you can get a seat. place is super cute though & it seems to always be filled with all sorts of people. I ordered the Chicken Cutlet Sandwich with spinach & provolone. My dad makes delicious homemade cutlets and these came pretty damn close. The Parmesan garlic fries were ok, not as good as I was expecting but none the less a better alternative to the norm.
I'm regretting not getting the famous banana french toast but I plan on it on my next return.Oh man! I just realized i've used Yelp countless times for finding gold mine restaurants and joints for delicious food without ever posting about any!!! Figured i'd do my part and share some thoughts on this place since it is amazing!
The food here is insane. I dont think they take reservations, but you CAN call ahead i believe (?) to start the process of waiting in that line that will surely be there! It moves sooo fast though. Co-worker suggested i try the Stuffed French Toast, and i can't express enough how thankful i am! This was hands down the best French Toast i've ever had. It's a HUGE portion as well. I took the other half home with me for lunch since we stopped by for Breakfast. G/F had the barking Chihuahua or something... this was months ago so i don't know if i remember correctly, but it was basically a breakfast buritto on steroids. It was delicious and, just like mine, VERY big. 
Cannot recommend this place enough to people. I just got parents a gift card here for their X-mas present. I will be making sure they use it...or i just might have to take it back!What can I say that hasn't already been said?  The brunch here is amazing and we're looking forward to going back.  I had a great short rib sandwich and my wife loved her pumpkin pancakes.  Huge servings of great food and a nice, laid-back ambience.Great breakfast/brunch place near the Italian market. They have some outstanding choices both for sweet and savory dishes. The menu is pretty large and I had a really hard time deciding what to get. The challah french toast looks amazing and the egg dishes are really good. Some innovative choices included tilapia burritos and vegetarian cheese steaks. Their fries are awesome including polenta fries and sweet potato fries dusted with cinnamon. The wait staff was really helpful and friendly but there can be a wait for tables on the weekend.Have yet to have a bad experience at Sabrina's. It is by far my favorite weekend brunch spot in the area. Today I went with the vegan rancheros and my boyfriend got the Jim likes it spicy eggs Benedict (in the photo) and we both literally kicked our plates clean... That might have been the massive champagne talking though (byob)As soon as I told my friends I was visiting Philadelphia the first thing they told me I HAD to do was get brunch at Sabrina's. After being told this by multiple people, I knew it would be great. 
This location is inside of an old house, and is filled with lots of charm. They have a lot of people serving, bussing tables, and seating guests so even when it's packed you're taken care of. I would suggest coming with groups smaller than 6-8 if you'd like to get sat easily. 
The menu allows you to order breakfast or lunch, which was awesome at the time we went. I had the eggs benedict on their holiday menu and it was UNREAL. Everything was cooked perfectly, packed with so much flavor, and definitely made to order. Our waitress was awesome, attentive, and polite and we were in and out in about an hour.Went here the other day for brunch and was very pleased! After reading other yelp reviews we ended up calling ahead and had a thirty minute wait which went very quickly. For breakfast I had the stuffed challah bread French toast which was amazing. The cream cheese and banana filling wasn't overwhelming which was nice. This place is also very trendy and can just be enjoyed for the aesthetic. Definitely will be trying to make another trip back here because it was so worth it the first time!Love the location. Service was good. There was no wait for seating. Now for the food. I ordered the egg white frittata with beets and feta? cheese. The flavors of each item did not go well together. There were a LOT of beets which overpowered the cheese a lot. I like beets, but it didn't work well with this particular dish. My sister's eggs benedict hollandaise sauce was much sweeter than ones I'm used to. Love the decor and definitely look forward to trying something else on their menu because foods that went by were huge and looked delish!! Will definitely return, but don't think I'd be waiting in line to get in.Yes, we all know Sabrina's is the bomb diggity.  If you don't, then the long lines on Sundays should prove to you that everyone in the damn city knows this and you are the last to realize.  Stuffed French Toast, yes!  Perfect home fries, yes!  Cute little place (and I do mean little).
Today is Valentine's Day and a Monday, so I thought Sabrina's was a safe bet for brunch hoping everyone and their lover would be at work and waiting for the sun to go down before having their amorous meal.  I was wrong and me and the beau walked in to a crowded cafe.  I knew we were in store for a tasty meal, so I didn't care.  Luckily we didn't have to wait...
We were seated at our table, and just as our food arrived, a woman walked by and with her bag, knocked a full glass of tomato juice all over my boyfriend and the floor.  Unfortunately he was wearing a white sweater, which doesn't go well with tomato juice.  The woman did offer to buy him a new juice, but the damage was done and while it was an accident, her reaction, or lack of reaction was almost insulting.  Some people are just jerks.  
What was amazing was the staff of Sabrina's jumped to action and even though it wasn't any fault of their own, they made sure things were rectified.  They cleaned up the mess and tried all they could to help my boyfriend enjoy his meal.   I greatly appreciated their attentiveness. 
Not sure I can convince him to go back for a little while, but I have been sold from the start.  
By the way, I got the Magic Potion #9 mexi something meal and it was sooooo good. It was on their special menu, so not sure how long it is around for, but I would definitely check it out...Just don't wear white and order tomato juice...Awesome!  Very good eats.  You can tell it is homemade stuff, and not processed crap.  Very comfortable tables, eclectic feel. It was about six weeks ago so I can not remember much about the food I ate.  Club sandwich was huge and fries were good.  I guess I DO remember.  I remember enough to want to fly back to Philly and eat there again RIGHT NOW!!!I am a New Yorker and the food and activities in Philly had me diappointed and then we had brunch at this place. The food was spectacular. We went back the next day! The mayan breakfast, french toast, dr pepper short ribs were all out of this world. Now I complain that we don't have a sabrina's in NY. The chef clearly knows what to do and how to wow your tastebuds. Beautiful chalk murals and a great atmosphere. If you go for brunch expec to wait for 30 to 90 minutes. But don't walk away. This will be the best food experience you will have in Philly. If you want to avoid the line go early in the morning. The second day we went at 8 and were seated right away.Oh, Sabrina's. What happened? The first time I went here several years ago, I fell in love with this place. The atmosphere was great, albeit on the verge of being overly hipsterish, the food was amazing (I had never had an omelet stuffed with sauteed apples and melted cheddar before), and the service was top notch. I would go back now and then, often trying a delicious salad off their specials menu. I still remember this one amazing salad I had one spring day with strawberries, all sorts of fresh greens, and a homemade raspberry vinaigrette.
But these days, something has changed. I don't know if they have new cooks, but the food just isn't as good. The apple cheddar omelet I once loved is now made with some rubbery yellow substance that used to be eggs. The apples, which once were sauteed to the point of tasting like those found in an apple pie, are now just a bit softer than raw. The onions on the homefries that used to be dark and caramelized are now barely glossy, as though they were an afterthought.
When I was there this past weekend, the service was still quick, and the portions were still large and reasonably priced, but the atmosphere was undesirable. A group of waiters and waitresses stood around chatting right near our table, discussing their previous night's activities and the like. One waiter well within earshot described a place he had gone to that was so gross, he'd have rather licked a toilet seat. This is not what I want to overhear when I'm eating food that is already far below what I expect from a restaurant I've been to several times before.
I'm not saying I won't go to Sabrina's again--in fact, I'm sure I'll end up there again at some point. But they are no longer my go-to restaurant of choice when a friend from out of town visits and asks, "Where's a great place to eat?" Because, frankly, I no longer consider Sabrina's to be great. They're just okay.Came here yesterday for a friend's birthday. We went around 4 so some of the items on the menu couldn't be ordered.
They had a new specials menu with funny and long names of some of the events that happened in 2011.
The portions are STILL HUGE and still pretty good.
We had:
The Tohoku Tsunami Fish Taco, 
Only My Spirit was Raptured May 21st Egg White Special,
Barking Chihuahua
All was pretty good and none of us finished our food so we took it home. =)
Very satisfied lunch/dinner.Sabrina's was the perfect place to host a celebratory post final exam lunch for a small group (15 people). I was beyond impressed with every aspect of the event. I contacted Sabrina's about one week before the event to inquire about the details and I was met with excellent customer service, prompt replies and attention to detail. The catering manager guided me through the process of selecting a menu and helped me work out all of the specifics. 
On the day of the event, we arrived at Sabrina's to a beautifully set table with decorative menus. Once Sabrina's realized we had champagne, they immediately put it on ice and assisted us in popping our bottles. We then put in orders and everyone loved their food. I personally enjoyed the two eggs with their signature homies! If you have never had Sabrina's homies, you are missing out- they're awesome. Sabrina's waitstaff was very attentive and brought around coffee, ketchup, jelly, etc. for those interested. 
When it came time to pay, I had initially been worried about coordinating 15 different people paying but Sabrina's was able to run multiple cars and the process was a breeze. I would highly recommend Sabrina's as a place to host a small event. This location is lovely, the food is great and the staff is extremely attentive.I'm not yet as blown away as everyone else, but then again, I didn't try the french toast. The description of the pancakes I ordered did indeed warn me of their saccharin sweet nature, but I buckled under the tremendous pressure of my rumbling tummy. I ended up scraping off most of the peach-syrup to reveal the much more subtle dessert essence of the chocolate chip pancakes. I've never been a fan of mixing fruit in pancakes or in my desserts, so I guess its just not my bag. My hubby ordered a basic eggs-over-hard dish. Can't screw that up, but I tasted his "homefries" and they did not meet my approval of what homefries should be: somewhat greasy, lightly salted, and a bit crispy in places. These were basically roasted potates sauteed with onion. Meh.Pretty Damn Good! Expect a wait if you're attempting brunch on the weekend, but even so, the Italian Market is close by! Wait service is fair, and the food is very good! Atmosphere is busy, yet comfortable. A small space packs a lot of patrons in at once, yet manages to do it well. A little pricey, but you will leave full and satisfied!Oh... Wow... Brunch at 9:30 on a warm Saturday morning makes me feel like a zombie in a locked mall. Sooo many choices. Incidentally, their "End of the World" menu features an Underwater Zombie Omelet and several other apocalyptic themed meals. These looked outstanding, but I opted for the traditional menu's tofu scramble.  My best friend chose the "Lords of the Underworld" pancakes and the traditional apple pear omelet (much sharing was happening).
The tofu scramble was out of this world.  I am typically a salt fiend.  I add it to just about everything, but the scramble was perfectly balanced.  It didn't need anything, save for the chef to make it for me every day at my place.  
The Apple-Pear was delicious.  This was a situation where the bites had to be fit correctly and a small amount of salt added to balance the sweetness of the apple.  Still, a triumph.
The pancake... I'm getting goosebumps just thinking about it.  It was advertised as "buttermilk pancakes topped with mascarpone-cherry pound cake crumbles with dried cherries and crushed hazelnuts, nutella-orange butter and berry-vanilla syrup." 
I need to break this down bit by bit because the sum of its parts was greater than the total.
The pancake batter is seasoned.  I'm not sure with what, but it is delicious alone.  The cherries were a little much for me but my friend was in her glory.  The berry-vanilla syrup tastes like home-made whipped cream with an undertone of berry.  It was, in short, phenomenal.
I also ordered a cappuccino. I ordered my usual double cap, skim milk... This is one of the only place that the coffee was too overpowering.  It was closer to a traditional macchiato.  Not that it was bad, in fact, it was surprising that they put that much effort into the coffee.  I then ordered a regular cappuccino (skim again).  This time, it was perfect.  Not like a coffeehouse, but a great coffee.
The service: Does it get better?  Out server was awesome.  She paid attention to detail and knew the menu items and made great suggestions.  
My only regret with this place is that I don't give five star reviews until I have gone to a place at least five times.  I will be back when I am in Philly, and this may soon make my five-star list.This is a very cute little place, very nice place to chill in the morning. I got the strawberry stuffed french toast, and it was delicious, with strawberries and blueberries on top (but it was HUGE, get ready to share). I forgot what my friend got, I'm going to try to get a omelet next time and some other sweets too.
They have a hand written blackboard with dinner menus, it seems interesting, want to go try it out some time. I think they also have some dessert menu.Not like this place needs another review, but...
I do love this place. I have had breakfast here three times and I've never been disappointed. The specials are incredible: the portions are huge, they always have cute names, and they're always delicious. Since it's all made fresh, you can customize it to your liking (vegetarian approved!).
The reason I'm rating this four stars is due to the staff. While they all look adorable in their hipster clothing, some of them have quite the attitude. Granted, I understand working as a waitress has a lot of downsides that may make someone irritable, but no one is holding a gun to your head telling you to do this job. You do want a nice tip, right?I've long-loved Sabrina's Too, but just had my first experience at the original. Just as good. 
Soba noodles with crispy tofu? Yum!!This place was just ok. Part of the issue was I went to Isgro first and had a pastry, so brunch had to be really good to justify my eating the crapton of food they serve you here, and it just wasn't.
Me and my girl were in the 'hood and used their queuing system, NoWait, but it crashed or something so we came over and put our name on a list and got seated in 5ish minutes.
I got the ultimate mexi scramble, which was fine but under-salted (there was table salt, fortunately) and came with a measly two slices of avocado. It also came with black bean grits, which are just grits that taste like black beans, which is fine I guess? But they were also under-salted. Even salted, they weren't great. The grits and chips also apparently were an alternative to the home fries, which I was kinda steamed about, because I tried my girlfriend's home fries and they were freakin' good.We were visiting from CA and found this awesome breakfast place on yelp. The food is excellent but what made our experience even better was our server Mimi!! She was amazing. So kind, friendly and was just a pleasure to get to know. She has the best recommendations on the menu and really understands what good customer service is all about!!!  We highly recommend this place and make sure you ask for Mimi to be your server.Food was quite delicious. Depending on location the wait maybe a little long but it is worth it. Big portions, friendly staff. Also depending on location the seating can be a little cramped.I cannot believe I didn't write about this place before, but I went in a group and we all got way more than we could ever finish! Felt a bit cramped, though, and pricey... before you realize how much bang you get for your buck.
So this weekend we ate here before the market fully opened, and I got the Lox and Bagel plate. I love that their menu had changed with more silly names, and different options. My lox plate was pretty awesome, actually, and th elox fell apart in a way that made it more stomachable that i had a huge plate of it. The bagel was of course a great idea. Overall, I was thrilled with the 9.50 or so.
Water here is tap or something, though- I've always thought it tastes funny. I also realized that the indoors of this place is actually huge, too, when visiting the restroom. Surprise!What I remember most vividly about Sabrina's, was the Camping's Tripin' Cakes, which my table shared as a brunch "appetizer."  They were rich and phenomenal, and totally worth sharing.  I also recall being so full that I "named" my food baby.I was visiting Philly and I came across this place and they didn't disappoint. Five stars alone for being BYOB! We rolled in with three bottles of champagne. The food was delicious! I mean this portions were defiantly worth your buck! You will leave in a good coma!Sabrina's is amazing. End of story. One of our favorite breakfast places in Philly. I can't even count the number of times that we've been here.
Portions are very generous. The food is absolutely amazing. The stuffed french toast is always to die for. If you're going with a date, split the stuffed french toast with another plate. You won't regret it.
This place is BYOB, so also a great place to go with a group of people when you're celebrating and bring champagne for mimosa's :) 
It gets crazy crowded on weekend mornings.Went there and had a huge breakfast. Amazing food. Quaint and small environment. Make sure you do the wait ahead on Yelp. Service was excellent. Get the stuffed challah. Yummy!!!I hadn't been to Sabrina's in a couple years. I remembered it as this cute little cafe with lovely interior and delicious brunch food. Which it still has... However, is it worth an over an hour wait? Not sure.
When we put our names on the list, they said 20-40 minutes wait. Ok. Doable. Plus they have a nice waiting room with coffee (which, seriously, should be complimentary, but no). 40 minutes later, I ask how far we were down the list, and they answered another 10-15 minutes... 15-minutes later, I asked again and still there was another 10-15 minutes wait. In the end, we waited for a good hour and 10 minutes; which I wouldn't mind, had I known from the beginning.
The food was good. Not amazing. Not delicious. Just good. The pancakes were on the dry side and all three other dishes spicier than expected. Portions are huge, but really I'd rather have a smaller portion of really delicious food.
Not sure I'll go back anytime soon. There are other brunch places in this town that are higher on my list.You are always welcomed by friendly staff. Soo crowded on the weekends! There's usually a very long line outside of people waiting to be seated. My personal favorite, their  Sabrina's signature Stuffed Challah french toast. My hubby loves the black Angus burger. 
Such good food for reasonable prices, plus their menu offers a wide variety of healthy options to choose from. Highly recommended.LOVE getting breakfast here. There was a bit of a wait, but it was worth it! They have coffee and water in the waiting area which was really nice! I had an amazing eggs benedict with a sabrina's spin. Poached eggs, homemade tomato hollandaise sauce, avacados and turkey bacon over english muffins and breakfast potatoes on the side. One of the best breakfast platters i have ever had. My boyfriend got lunch, he had a burger and fries that he really enjoyed. Will definitely try this place again!My breakfast here was extremely good. I went with four other people and had no trouble finding a seat. We were early though, probably arrived around 9:45, I got the eggs Benedict and my husband and I shared the stuffed French toast. They were both delicious, but if I had to choose one to go back and get again it would be the eggs Benedict. The breakfast was a bit pricey but normal for city prices.meh...I went to brunch with my girlfriend, Lana, on Sunday. Neither of us had been to the S. Philly Sabrina's, so we headed down there, ready for a wait. This cafe has a surprisingly long wait on Saturday and Sunday, be we arrived around 10:10, and were seated by 10:40. If you arrived between 10:30 and 11:30, however, you're likely to stand around an hour before you're ordering.
Looking at the menu, I was kind of baffled that there was this kind of wait. I go out to brunch often, and I couldn't understand why so many people keep showing up here. Because it was so busy, the service wasn't the best, but it was more than acceptable.
Lana custom made an omelet, and I ordered the barking chihuahua burrito. The coffee kept flowing while we waited for our food, and once it was delivered I knew why this spot was so popular. The food looked great, and between the two of us we had enough to feed a small family. Most of the dishes come with Sabrina's homefries, which are not to be missed. The food, overall, was excellent, and was definitely worth the wait. The menu at Sabrina's allows you to stick with what you know and love, or go all out and get something that is truly a one of a kind creation.
At Sabrina's, you'll leave full, happy, and probably with some left overs for later.When I'm standing outside on a weekend afternoon, waiting for a table, I usually want to shoot myself. Last experience, a girl was complaining to her boyfriend, "I hate Philadelphia. Everyone is fat, ugly and smells." 
Hmm... I kept repeating, "it's only a tofu scramble, you can walk away." 
...
I wish they automatically brought jelly out with the toast; the waitresses give me the look of death whenever I ask.Their brunch specials are some of the best around and cannot be missed. Their regular menu is also quite delicious. I haven't had any of their dinners because I've never felt the need to deviate from how amazing their brunches and lunches are. I'm always willing to try something that I've never tried before at this place!This place serves perfection for brunch!
After an hour wait which we used for wondering around the Italian market, it was finally our turn to be seated. We shared the french toast with mascrapone, and the eggs on polenta and vegetables. The portions are huge-- enough for two, but the food was so good that we finished it. The pricing is very reasonable too. I would strongly recommend this place, and would advise you to come on the early side to sign up, and then walk around the Italian market until your table is ready. Don't forget to order the french toast with mascrapone...Positive: Delicious, unique breakfast and brunch items for all taste buds to enjoy.
Negative: Lots of meat filled dishes on the menu so be careful and ask for help.  Also, long wait times so call ahead!
Overall: The food tastes good and the environment is perfect for a weekend brunch with friends and family.- TIP:  Don't judge them based on the menu they post online.  The great stuff lives on their Specials menu.
- CON:  The line.  But it's worth it.
- BOTTOM LINE:  For 3 years, I've lived 2 blocks from Sabrina's and never went because of the infamous long wait.  After going recently, I realize that the past 3 years have been a missed opportunity to enjoy this top-notch brunch.Definitely one of the better brunch places. There is a bit of a wait because of this fact so get there early or prepare to do some waiting or walking around until you get a table. Pretty much every plate that goes by looks amazing. We both settled on the heuvos ranchero, which is my go-to, and it's the best I've had. I was stuffed and I'm usually more of the type to eat half and box the rest. The portions are huge, so, eating half is actually quite a lot here. When you consider how much food you get the prices are really reasonable. I think mine was only $10.99, which isn't cheap (fairly standard for breakfast), but when you consider the amount of food, it's kind of a steal. They also had an MTV menu of options. I'm not sure if this is regular on the menu or a special, but I thought it added an interesting twist than the norm. breakfast/lunch options.
The coffee was good, the place is cute, and the staff was nice. And even though the place was packed with people and you don't have a lot of privacy because the tables are so close together, you can still manage to hear your tablemate well and not have everyone else's conversations bleed into yours, so, good acoustics in the place. I would definitely go back to this place again and again. I was taken to Morning Glory on my last trip to Philly and the tofu scramble was the blandest I'd ever had. I would maybe give that place another try but I was definitely not impressed, and it's more of a hole-in-the-wall and not as cute as Sabrina's.Awesome brunch place, walking distance from downtown/city hall area.  In honor of St. Patty's day I ended up getting the Leprechaun Mexi-special.  A green tortilla breakfast burrito with eggs, chicken, chorizo, jack cheese, salsa, tomatillo, and sour cream.  Even on a weekday at 1pm it was still packed, so I can only imagine what it's like on the weekends!"Hummus Mediterranean wrap added chicken with the best sweet potatoe fries I've ever had!
Also great because of the outdoor seating and Colombe coffee!" -Jess 
"Juevos rancheros - fusion of flavored with veggie sausage and cilantro sauce sends your taste buds on a journey." -Jason
"Benedict can come with lox or tomato and avacodo. The eggs was poached perfectly and still running." Jeanette 
"Build your own omelette was dank!" -linds 
Waitress was amazing. Ask for Haley!Everyone says this place is good for Breakfast/Brunch, but why do people overlook the Lunch + dinner options!?  I have wonderful salads, and burgers and I dont even know how to describe the bread pudding that they serve! Okay fine, I'll give it a whirl, warm, gooey, sticky, sweet but not so sweet that it hurts your teeth, cinnamon, raisin-less (thankyousomuch), and topped with some ice cream!!!!!!!! I ate the whole serving by my self.  I'm getting married in three months and i did not care to share a single bite.   
4 stars not 5 because every time i go, i notice all the other tables get a breadbasket of some sort to snack on almost immediately after sitting down, but every time i'm there, nada.Went here for the first time today. The wait wasn't long and the place was a little bigger than it looks on the outside. I had the egg sandwich with the homies. The egg sandwich was incredible. It was cooked perfectly and the cheese was gooey. Had it with sundries tomatoes and spinach. It tasted really fresh and was very filling. Didn't really like the home fries. A little bland. But would go back again and replace it with fruit instead.People who wait here on the weekends: just because you have to wait on the sidewalk does not mean that it is not still, first and foremost, a sidewalk.  So in all seriousness you should move out of the way when people are actually trying to use it as such.  Especially do not try to carry laundry through here on your way to the laundromat.  Cross the street and recross later.  It's worth sparing yourself the crooked looks.
The food is good.  Service is OK.  I like it for a day one calls out sick at work or a weekend you pass by and go "why is there no wait at Sabrina's?".
It would get four stars if not for the immovable sidewalk people.I will sum it all up. The food is DELICIOUS, the portions are HUGE, and you are going to wait FOREVER for a table. done.I came here with my family along with half the city after the Broad St run. We got a 90 minute wait, but the sweet hostesses offered directions to a nearby park so my nieces and nephews could play while we waited. Although the place was insanely busy, our server Alex (I think), made sure we got everything we needed to refuel after our vigourous workout. The food was delicious-- I recommend the stuffed french toast as an appetizer for the table and any of the scrumptious specials an an entree. There sandwiches are also very, very good. I LOVED the meatloaf parm, topped with a side of sweet potato fries. My wife got an egg white turkey bacon omelette (so healthy, godbless her:) and she was also thrilled with her choice.
The only thing I would change is the horrible music that was blasting through the entire meal. Um, 1982 called... it wants its Journey's Frontiers album back.my friend and I came in for a late brunch... 5.30pm, and I knew I wanted french toast. I got a 1/2 order and an omelet with home fries and toast...the food was served in huge portions.. and I love to eat but this was waaaayyy too much food. The french toast came out extremely cold and even when they warmed it up for us it was still lukewarm...weird, but it was still pretty tasty. I would go back but I would definitely share with someone..If not for the consistent wait to get into Sabrina's, they'd receive five stars.  Their weekend brunch is outstanding, with a unique selection of delicious dishes that far exceed the typical brunch fare you might find elsewhere.  It's become a "go-to" option for when I have company in town and want to take them out for a nice early meal.
I recommend calling ahead and leaving your name on the list to cut down on your time spent standing outside.Food was excellent, I had the eggs Benedict with Canadian bacon and spinach and they were delicious. Friends had Omelettes and French toast and no complaints either. It's a small place and we went on a Saturday afternoon so it was pretty busy. They offer outside and inside sitting. Servers were quick and efficient. Would definitely come back.Every once in a while you find a secret gem. A spot that is really doing it right, yet the masses have not become hip. Sabrinas is that place.It amazes me that noone has realised that they make very good food with creative ingrediants. You would think an excellent brunch at good prices and nice service would get some attention on YELP. Seems to me, such a tasty eating spot would make hungover hipsters drag themselves and their fixed gear bikes there at the crack of noon.
Don't worry Honeys. Your secret is safe with me.
I wouldn't wait too long to check this place out. I did notice their is always a bunch of people standing outside, sooner or later some of them might go in.One word: Yum-O.  A friend and I went mid afternoon during the week, and were seated right away.  Our server was super cheerful, which automatically enhanced my experience.  
I ordered the cheddar grits with bbq pork, sweet potatoes, and a poached egg.  At first I thought I would be overwhelmed by all the different components on my plate...but after the first bite I knew I was wrong.  I couldn't get enough.  The next bite was better than the last!  It was a perfect blend of sweet and savory.  
My girlfriend and I wanted to try the stuffed french toast, but we were stuffed ourselves!  Our server suggested that we get a half order.  And, I am SO glad we did.  The stuffed french toast knocked my socks off.  Incredible.  Creamy, sweet, succulent.  All things good.  I would always recommend a half order, and really take your time to enjoy it.  You will not be disappointed.  
This will be a place I take friends, families, and even strangers for years to come!My husband and I were visiting Philly for just one day and were advised by a good friend and local that we had to go to Sabrina's. It did not disappoint! The atmosphere was adorable, they played great music (any 90s kid would be happy for sure) and we had some of the best breakfast we've ever had in our lives! I ordered the Huevos Rancheros (it literally blew my mind- it was THAT good) and my husband ordered their Stuffed French Toast which was also just unbelievable. The coffee was rich and delicious and the service was on point. If we lived closer we would absolutely be there on the regular!! I'm drooling just remembering it!The food was Ok to me....There were eight of us eating breakfast at Sabrina's. The service was very good, but the food was average for me. I had the scrambled tofu with tortillas, and their home fries, which were pretty good. Parking is a bit tough to get, so plan to look for a parking spot, or you can park at the lot up the street from the place.Juevos Rancheros.   In a word delicious. One of, possibly the best brunches in the city.  Don't let the crowd daunt you.  The wait is minimal and well worth it.Sabrina's is the talk of the town when it comes to brunch in Philly. I went to see what all the hype was about in hopes it was really as good as what I had heard. The food was everything I wanted it to be! I'm a picky eater, so it's hard for me to find meal options without having to ask to not include certain ingredients or substitute it for something else. Sabrina's meals were mostly all to my liking the way they were listed on the menu, which never happens to me. This made it extra hard to only pick one meal. Everything was so tempting! Brunch is always a struggle because I want something sweet like pancakes or French toast but I also want something salty and more substantial to hold me over, like eggs and bacon. I wish they had an option to combine the two to get half of two different meals. Sabrina's seasonal menu is on point though so I decided to go for the stuffed French toast and save the spicy peanut noodles I was eyeing for the next time I visit. My meal was huge! Enough for four breakfasts. Definitely worth the price for the quality and size of what you're ordering. As far as I'm concerned, the food Sabrina's makes and the way they present it deserves five stars. My reason for not including a fifth star is for the following reasons. First, it stinks that they don't take reservations. They let you call ahead, which helps, but it's still hard to plan to go there, especially if you're already wicked hungry, because when you call ahead, they only take a half hour off your wait time once you arrive, so you still have to wait and you never know how long the wait really is. They get such great business that they can do this so that's great for them but annoying for customers. It was also confusing how to enter the actual establishment. They have a waiting area to the left, which is a completely separate building from their cafe/dining area, which is to the right. It's nice to have the separation, except both areas are fairly small. Sabrina's was packed and we were seated at a very small table in between the door and where the servers put their belongings in the cupboard. Luckily it wasn't too chilly outside, but we kept our scarves on because you can definitely feel the cold air. The tables are metal so it was ice cold to touch them. It wasn't particularly annoying to have the wait staff going to the cupboard to get their belongings, but it also wasn't particularly enjoyable either because we felt squished and like we were in their way. Sabrina's is always so busy, so you'd think they'd invest in some extra space to accommodate their customers and their success. I'm looking forward to going back, but I wish they'd expand since they'd definitely profit from doing so.They get their food from U.S. Food Services; it's generic mass produced food. With so many other places in the city and area serving food from local and organic sources, don't waste your time here.I love eating at Sabrina's! Everything I've had there I have loved.
Of course, the French Toast is phenomenal. Everyone must order it once. But the rest of the menu is great as well. 
Check it out, but be far warned, if you go on a weekend you should call in advance and put you're name down. Or you will be waiting for hours. :)
Enjoy!My absolute favorite brunch place.  They have a great specials menu that is always changing.  And no matter what you get you cant go wrong.  There are excellent sweet and savory dishes, my advice is to share and then you can get both.  And like everyone else said, the french toast is something not to miss. Oh,  and the secret is you can call ahead and put your name on the list.Mmm...good stuff.  Don't go there too hungry on Sunday--expect a REALLY long wait on weekends.  Good strong, coffee.  Good egg breakfasts and decadent sweet dishes.Can't say enough about our breakfast here. I had the Huevos Rancheros (prepared vegetarian), and it was honestly one of the best things I've ever tasted. Our server was great, too. Highly recommend!Love this place, excellent food, great service, unique dishes.  Menu changes frequently.  South Philly location.I went to Sabrina's Cafe last week and had an amazing experience. This was my first time going there. I was pleased with the customer service. But the food was the best part. My dish tasted great, and the portion was huge. Looking forward to my next trip to Philly.Big fan of this place discovered on recent weekend in Philly. A great find for those of you who like to pretend you live in the places you visit - hang with the locals in the Italian market neighborhood. Food was awesome, wait staff friendly and informative, atmosphere hip and warm. Of course, the wait for brunch on a Monday holiday was ridiculous, so plan for that...but still highly recommend.Sabrina's is so cute and the service is always great. I've had the Islander burger and my tuna was very overcooked and the sandwich was pretty bland and dry because of that, so that's why there's only 4 stars. But, the pulled pork sandwich and the caesar salad I've had here were both delicious.This is a great place to go to for breakfast in Philadelphia.  Portions are huge!  They have very good options for breakfast!  Our server was very attentive the entire time we were there!  She was constantly filling up our coffees and waters even though the place was packed.  Definitely make sure you get there early.  There were only two of us at 9:30am on  a Sunday morning and we were seating right away...within 10 minutes there was a pretty long wait!  
There Parmesan fries are pretty good and the side of that is huge! 
I think the brew of the coffee is medium.
Good food, filling, huge portions, good service!  What more can you want for breakfast?
I would definitely come back here!There was a lot of hype building up to our brunch today at Sabrina's.  We called ahead, didn't have to wait for too long and enjoyed people watching for a few minutes before a table was ready.  I was a little shocked at just how crowded this place gets....we're talking circus variety.
We had a very pleasant server, and they were pretty attentive.  We ordered exctly what everyone says:  stuffed french toast and huevos rancheros.  Let me preface my complaints with an overall compliment, both were tasty and enjoyable.  The huevos had a lot of different textures, goes well with the potatoes and some hot sauce, and the french toast is cooked perfectly and is massive.  My complaints:  fried egg yolks were firm (I was later told by our server this is intentional and runny yolks must be specified at the time of order) and there was just too much filling in the french toast.  I'm sorry, but I've never had fried eggs that have rock-solid yolks.  The whole point is for them to run all over the rest of the plate for a gooey, calorie ridden, indulgence.  I guess I learned my lesson.  The prices were borderline expensive, but with this kind of crowd, why not charge a little more.  They're obviously doing something right.  Next time:  bring champagne to go with a pitcher of orange juice.Quality has gone down over the years. I am writing an updated review as I have lived in philly the past 5 years and have seen Sabrinas turn from a 5-star brunch cafe to an average run-of-the-mill breakfast place. Portion sizes have decreased, including amount of cheese or other condiments. Taste has become more bland. Price has gone up slightly. Service is still decent which is why this place gets 2 stars. But there are so many better up and coming brunch places around the city these days and Sabrinas is not keeping up, unfortunately.Sabrina's is by far, one of my favorite places to eat in Philadelphia.  The stuffed French Toast is ridiculous, but I mean that in a good way.  It is perfect to split with someone- I always want to order a half portion but not sure if they can do that.  I often get the eggs benedict with avocado and tomato which is super tasty.  
Sabrina's is also good for dinner- and not nearly as crowded.  They usually have a few veggie options too.  
The only bad thing that I can say (besides the wait which doesn't need to be said again) is that sometimes there are some cranky babies in there.  It's kind of echoey in there and can get sort of loud.  But the food definitely outweighs the loud kid factor.I have come to Sabrina's many times over the years and not only at this location.  I have also visited the one in UCity and the one on Callowhill.  
On September 12th, I visited with a party of four people at the Sabrina's on Christian.  It was obviously a Monday; therefore, we didn't have the usual wait that typically comes with weekend Sabrina's visits.  
We were seated at a small table outdoors on Christian, and we had an attentive server that was very nice throughout our meal. 
Sabrina's changes the brunch and dinner specials frequently throughout the year.  We had an Olympian special brunch page, which included lots of specials designed around the names of various Olympic athletes.  
I remember I had some kind of Simone Byles french toast, which was absolutely ridiculous (in a good way).  
I really have never had a bad thing at Sabrina's.  For a place with such a varied menu, I would occasionally expect to run into something not that great.  I have always had good or excellent food from all locations of this restaurant.This is my favorite breakfast spot in philly. I go all the time and have always been satisfied. I wish it was a little less pricey but it's honestly worth it. I just wish I could afford to go more! 
I am vegetarian and have had every veg option on the menu. You seriously can't go wrong. Everything is amazing.3.5 stars for food.
No stars for customer service.
My girlfriend and I went to Sabrina's this morning for breakfast. She got the always delicious stuffed french toast. I got a cheeseburger. The burger was ordered medium rare and came out medium, which would normally not be a problem, but it was very dry.
What I'm really upset about is the not the fact that our waitress said the $20 bill we put in the check holder was not there, nor the fact that she couldn't find it on the floor anywhere, but the fact that the manager would not credit us any amount whatsoever to make it right. I understand it's he said/she said, but at least meet us halfway. We had to pay twice.
I will not be going back. I'm appalled at the lack of customer service.I love this place! Good food, service, and decor. I always look at the specials for a few minutes and act like I'm going to order something different, but I end up at the same place: The Huevos Rancheros! I can't even explain in words how good they are. There are beans, and eggs, and guac, and corn tortillas, and some sort of delic creme. 
For the atmosphere: I always think that I might get treated rudely because everything who is working there look extremely hipster and has some sort of piercing and tatoo. This is not true. They are all awesome hipsters!  I think their mandatory uniform includes: overly large glasses, skinny jeans, and some funky shirt. 
Beware: if you are going to go on a Sunday morning, call ahead. The wait will probably be around 1-2 hours.We were visiting our relatives in Philly and was recommended to go here for family brunch. We went on a Monday so it wasn't that busy but we were not impressed with the staff who greeted us. We came with small children and a few of us were just parking - but we were refused to be seated even though there was no one waiting behind us. A few min. later another staff saw us hanging by the door and helped us got the table. Within less than 15 second after we were seated - we were asked (in a 'rush rush') feel of what do we want to drink, are we ready to order etc.? I was a little surprised that we weren't given a chance to get comfortable, say hello to our relatives but were forced to hurry to order right away. 
We didn't have to wait long for the food to come out. That was nice as little people have little patience. But over all - we all thought that the food was average. The spring eggs Benedict looked pretty but tasted kind of 'bland' (with the avocado sauce). The barking chihuahua was alright too, nothing special. 
Overall, I understand that this is a local favorite but it did not make a great impression on us.My boyfriend and I came here for brunch on Friday and we were pleasantly surprised by the great selection of sweet and savory menu items. I had a grapefruit juice and an egg white omelet while boyfriend had the specialty pancakes with fresh berries. My boyfriend was also eye-ing the Tex-arkana plate, but alas, we humans only have one stomach. Maybe next time, sweetie.
The portions were very generous; while my hunk of a man finished his entire plate, I ate about half of my omelet, one slice of toast and half of my home fries--definitely come here if you have a big appetite. Everything, of course was delicious and the fresh veggies in the omelet helped to up the nutrient quota of the meal. The grapefruit juice was freshly squeezed, which was also a nice touch.A long overdue review of this place. I sort of wanted to write the review after I get a taste of their egg benedict, but what the heck I'll do it now.. since now or later, my rating will still be the same. 5 stars!
Last time I ate over there actually my second time. The first time was with my gf. Very huge portion. For those of you who watching your diet, and/or have small stomach, I warned you!
Expect a long line on weekends - especially Sunday at brunch time. Parking should be easy enough to find.. since it's at Christian St. and the street isn't really cramped.
I ordered barking chihuahua before. It was delish! And of course.. BIG.
Fair price.. like any other brunch/breakfast place. Friendly/attentive service. I would definitely return for more.I don't like waiting for brunch and the stuffed french toast isn't good, it's dry. Sometimes the potatoes are cold. The food is great otherwise, and the service super great. No booze, but the sidewalk can be nice, if a little cramped. I come only between 8 and 10AM.I went here for lunch on a whim because I happened to be in the area buying prosciutto.  At first my husband was taken back because our server was very abrupt but everything changed once the food was served (he's edgy when he's hungry).  The plates were so large that we opted to pack up my salad and divide his fish sandwich. The platter consisted of a dressed fish sandwich on fresh bread, salad, sweet potato fries, polenta sticks, some kind of relish and gazpacho.  We were both blown away by the amount of food, inventive combinations and the freshness of the ingredients.  We told our server how much we enjoyed the fish and she gave us a much appreciated recommendation to go to Little Fish (that made up for her initial abruptness).The french toast was ginormous and pretty awesome, but the real show stopper was the huevos rancheros... A nice slow burn for the heat of the chili.. Was stuffed from brunch 5 hours later... 
Line was kind of bs but they had one of the hosts play guitar and he was pretty impressive... The line also wasn't so bad because its located on S9th and its an awesome street to wander. 
I highly recommend stopping by for the total experience.now here is an example of a place that can keep it together under pressure!!!! its packed and the food is still timely and amazing!!! plus it started to rain and the hostess and servers found inside seats 4 the ppl outside. they were all so nice. it was a wonderful and delicious experience!!!It says something about a place when people are willing to submit to a ridiculous wait, drooling on the sidewalk, just to eat breakfast. Always happy to eat here, though we tend to arrive before 9am in order to get a table. There's no time for patience when pancakes are involved.
Tattooed waitresses dance with each other while they work the computers, coffee comes served in mismatched mugs and your grandma's trinkets are scattered about -- all adding to the quirky, homey, hipsterier-than-thou vibe. And I love it.
Witty weekly specials are usually based on movies and brimming with over-the-top ideas: pancakes topped with berries and white chocolate or buttermilk fried chicken with Ritz cracker crust. There are vegan and vegetarian options all over the place, the granola is the best I've ever had, and they make a damn good Benedict Florentine. 
Only complaints? You're too popular for your own good! And your menu gives me temporary ADD. Every single time I think I've decided (whole wheat pancakes with berries) something absurd calls out at me from the specials page and before I know it I'm blurting out my order to the waitress without knowing what's happened or what I'm about to get.Pardon me for sounding unamerican, but I refuse to subscribe to the 'the-more-you-can-get-for-your-dollar-the-better' mentality.  These plates were HUGE.  Who eats this much food  in one sitting?  The size of these plates leave you with three options:
1) Attempt to eat the whole thing, and leave with an upset stomach and larger waistline.
2) Resign to only eating until you're full, and waste half your meal.
3)  Leftovers.
I mean... I like leftovers but I'd rather order a meal-sized meal and leave it at that.  And eggs are kinda bad news bears the next day anyway.
(Uh-oh, can you see them in the distance?  That's an angry mob, charging to protest my knock on a business for serving large portions)
The food was... good.
Add a star for the adorable hostess.  I wanted to take her home with me and put her on my shelf and keep her as my personal day brightener, because she was just so darned cute!.
Subtract a star because the table next to us clapped when we got up to leave.  So, we may have been a little bit loud after we finished our second bottle of wine, but that's just rude.My boyfriend and I stopped for coffee one morning, and decided to stay for breakfast. I will agree with others here that the portions are huge. I wasn't too enamored of the hollandaise on the eggs Benedict Florentine as it tasted too strongly of orange, and had a orangish hue, but the garlic sauteed spinach was amazing. I would've been happy with a bowl of that. 
We also ordered the tofu scramble and the Barking Chihuahua, along with the bagel and cream cheese. The entrees were both quite good, with the tofu coming up as the favorite, and the bagel had two gorgeous slices of perfectly ripe tomato. 
The $9.95 price tag for a bagel and lox seems a bit much (we didn't order it so I don't know how generous they might be, but considering the size of the other plates the price might be spot on) but a few of the other dishes I would say could be marked a dollar or two higher and they would still be acceptable prices.
We returned again today and our server was the same as before, which was fine with me because she was great the other day and just as fabulous this morning. She even remembered us, which was nice. She was extremely friendly, knew the menu very well, and made a change on a dish for me without me having to ask (I've never had scrapple before so she put it on the side of the Benedict just in case I didn't like it.). 
We've driven past on weekends and yes, it looks extremely crowded. We had no problems on our two visits as we went on a Tuesday morning around 10:30, and then this morning at 11:30.  
The soundtrack for Tuesday and today was all 80s but that works for me since I'm 41! 
Oh, good coffee. They are also pet-friendly and our server brought our dog his own little water bowl.Omg!! Breakfast here was amazing. We wanted a Sunday brunch place before we left town and we found it. Our kids had the short stack of pancakes, tons of food. Everything is so fresh. 
If there is a wait, stay, it is worth it.Please try the pancakes with the orange butter!!!!!! Always a wait but worth it. Love taking out of town guests there. I love the quirky menu items and the decorI've been to Sabrinas tons of times, but I've chosen to review this specific visit.  My boyfriend and i called as we were sitting in our living room to see if they had a wait.  We put our name in, hopped in the car, and drove over.  We parked, walked into the waiting room, checked in, and sat down ~ 5 minutes later.  GLORIOUS on a beautiful Saturday.  We got put at the crappy table right by the door.  It's definitly the worst seat in the house, but it's worth it!  I typically go for the barking chihuahua, but i always enjoy reading the specials.  Their stuffed french toast is also delicious and quite the game changer.  This particular visit, I went with iced tea, and the floretine eggs benedict with a side of potatos.  Their hollendaise sauce is pretty much the best thing on earth.  The food was delicious.  Our server was also really great.  Again, we got the worst table in the place, but really didn't break our stride.  we didn't let it slow us down... oh no.. .we kept on eating...A lot of people are saying they would die for this place, but I suggest you do not. Only because, as much as I love food, there is still a lot of food you COULD eat and it's not worth dying over one place, because all the other places will never get your love and appreciation.
In relevant news, I love this place so much. I'm not sure if things have changed recently, because I've been able to get in quicker (and it's not just because of how good I look) than I ever have. 
For whatever reason my favorite breakfast foods are always in the Mexican genre. Their breakfast burrito has the perfect ratio of ingredients-- a very tricky talent to master. I recently ate a "Mayan Apocalypse" inspired breakfast which was cornbread, fried eggs, and mango salsa and it was innovative, fresh, and completely hit the spot.
Our waitress was polite and the rest of the staff was very friendly.Sabrina's is THE spot for homestyle brunch in Philadelphia. They've got all the classics, but then they take it to a whole nother level with delectable, heaping specialties, like the stuffed french toast or "The Islander" (rare ahi sammy with wasabi aioli).
I have frequented Sabrina's since moving to Philly 4 years ago and have never once been disappointed. My most recent visit was no exception... Service was great and very relaxed yet diligent, food was scrumptious and timely.
I personally love Sabrina's because of the quality and variety able to satisfy everyone in your tribe. You can order up a gut busting lineup of breakfast heavy hitters, or go cleaner without sacrificing flavor in the vegan/vegetarian options.
Today I ordered the GRILLED VEGGIE SANDWICH minus the mozzarella with a side of sweet potato fries. This comes with their refreshing, mayo-free slaw with apples and cilantro. This sandwich is simple but incredibly satisfying, especially when you pile fries and slaw on it!
My boyfriend got THE ISLANDER sandwich, homies with peppers, and side of pancakes for the WIN. He loved the sandwich and said the pancakes were some of the best he's ever had... 
All that being said, we will be heading to Sabrina's for most of our Sunday hankerings... Oh and a pro tip before I call it a wrap... Call ahead and get your name added to the list! There's long waits, but they have an app that will tell you how close your spot is to being called. Ugh, already thinking about digging into my leftovers (been home no more than 20 minutes!!)Came here on a Sunday morning with my girlfriend. We arrived at around 9:30 and just beat the church crowd. There is a separate area before you go into the restaurant with seats as a waiting room.
When we get seated, just 5 minutes later, we went outside and into the second room. We were seated by the door, and it was a little cold, but nothing that some nice breakfast cant help. We each ordered some fresh squeezed oj, which was 3.99 each, but still delish. I ordered the Challah French Toast stuffed with cream cheese and bananas with vanilla maple syrup, was soo yummy. She ordered a special Challah French Toast with Guava sauce and berries, which was also tasty. 
The bill ended up being 32 with tip, which is a little expensive for breakfast, but as a treat every once in a while it was absolutely worth it!-Be me +1
-MLK, J. Day
-GF gets the BIGGEST portion of stuffed French toast I have ever seen.  Ever.
-I get bagel w/ tomato and avocado.  Three tomatoes, three large slices of avocado.  Souffle cup filled with cream cheese.  Over lettuce.  Outstanding.
-I get the French toast leftovers.  The cream cheese/banana stuffing is orgasmic.
-Can't wait to go back again.Wow!  This place ceases to amaze me. Their dinner might just be better than breakfast!This place always kills it! This week's specials were xfiles themed. Gotta love it. Well you don't have to, but you should.Sabrina's is a great place to eat breakfast. On a Saturday though, get there prior to 9 if you don't want to wait. Advise, bring along your own spoon. They never give you a spoon or a stirrer for your coffee, odd in a breakfast place. After our third visit we asked if they could PLEASE bring us spoons for our coffee.  He returned with 3 and informed us, "they are the only ones we have."  I'm not sure whether he was being funny or not. They have an inventive special list. In September there was a Simpsons theme. We went there twice in September. Two different times two different servers and I quoted the name of the special right from the menu, both times the waitron looked confused. The first time the waitron said, "I don't know the specials, they just changed them." Two weeks later, the same guy who told us that they only own 3 spoons, gave me a blank stare and then asked me whether I wanted a short stack or a large stack. I told him, "just bring me what's in the special page."  Another blank stare. There was only one size option and price on the page.  I will come back because the food is really great and I live in the neighborhood. But I wish the staff would get their act a little more together.Wow - food absolutely delicious, generous proportions, friendly service and a charming atmosphere made for a perfect Sunday Brunch. I devoured the blue cheese and bacon frittata and my loved the ultimate Mexi scramble. Definitely recommend!!There is a reason why Sabrina's has a wait for brunch on Saturday and Sunday mornings. I have been here for brunch and dinner many times and love it every time. Recently, we had a group of about 10 people for dinner. The waiter was very accommodating as my reservation was for only 7. He was very attentive and kept bringing us drinks/ mixers throughout the night. Portions are huge. I think their mussels in red sauce are one of the best mussels in the City and they give you such a big portion. Their chicken sandwich is also one of the best chicken sandwiches in Philly. This place is known for their brunches but their dinners are also very good. Prices are very reasonable especially for the portion size you get.
Great service, great food, large positions (I always have leftovers to take home) and byob- what more can you ask for?
And they do take reservations for dinner, just not for brunch. And there usually isn't a crowd outside waiting for dinner like there is at brunch time.Small standard menu, everything was priced up 2-4 dollars per item. Food was good but dinner prices for breakfast? Ugh.  
I thought that it was good, but hyped by all the reviews IN ALL CAPS!Was looking for a good brunch spot on a hungover Saturday morning and after learning of their Batman themed specials (it was Dark Knight Rises opening weekend), I was sold.
I had the Mexi special and holy hell, I've never had such a delicious breakfast in my life. Perfectly cooked omelet with peppers, avocado, and pepper jack cheese. The potatoes were spot on too. My friend had Eggs Florentine and she said it was the best she ever had. Coffee was refilled promptly and I appreciated the choice to use unique coffee mugs. Will be back here again, without question.I've never been disappointed here and never have my fellow eaters been either for brunch, lunch and dinner. The only downside is the wait time, but I don't mind, since you can take a stroll through Italian market. I wouldn't recommend this location for a large group (8+), but their other location seems to be more accommodating. 
Bottom line: Everything is always so fresh, simple, and just plain tasty. I also prefer the decor, which is a cozy, vintage feel, over their other location, which is more fancy pants.
My GO-TO place for a nice, casual and guaranteed to be good meal!Food is decent but I find this place highly over rated! The wait is always ridiculous and seating staff is clueless. 
They are over priced and not worth it. Good concept but food needs tweaking and to be taken up a notch and executed betterI love love sabrina's cafe. The food is very delicious. Great place for breakfast or lunch. I'm not sure about dinner since I only go for breakfast and lunch. They have really big portions and a very diverse plentiful menu. I am such a fan of their tuscan chicken sandwich! delishhh! And they have very good breakfast food. 
The place can get very crowded. For some reason every time I go, it's crowded. The service is pretty good. And in the summer, it gets pretty hot in the restaurant. Without AC in the summer, no can do... 
Overall, I love it. Definitely go and give it a try.A wait of 30-45 min? Take it!
What seems like a typical restaurant with typical fare will transform your point of view. 
Had the vegan cheesesteak with polenta fries, and thought I was blown away, then I had their slaw, and that sealed the deal. Happily split my food with my bf who had an amazing salad, with a side of tuna heaven. 
Wish we could do dessert, but were so stuffed with awesomeness, we had to pass. 
Come here, eat and enjoy!Coming from rural PA Dutch Country, I grew up with easy access to breakfast that was delicious, greasy and cheap at crusty little diners. Philadelphia, sadly, lacks in good diners. SO, my boyfriend and I make do with Sabrina's. And by "make do" I mean we are madly in love with everything they have to offer. 'Specially breakfast.
Coffee = delicious
Potatoes and onions = omg.
Their turkey (sliced thick) + bacon + avocado (big, fresh chunks o' it!) + sprouts sandwich = better than the one you'll ever make at home (I've tried).
Service = lots of friendly, hipsterly folk that don't make me feel uncomfortable.Sabrina's seems to have alot of rave reviews, so they certainly don't  need my help.  However, I must use this space to declare my undying and fervent love for the STUFFED FRENCH TOAST.
Oh, french toast...will you stuff yourself with marscapone and raspberry and share your life with meWhat a spectacular breakfast experience. I super appreciated the vegetarian meat options, and the price was very reasonable. Lots of great looking things on the menu as well.lovely decor. friendly waitstaff.  accomodating when i asked for fruit instead of toast. love their potatoes.Came here on our trip to Philly. The wait is pretty long but well worth it. The portions are huge!! Best of all the menu is vegan friendly. :) I had a vegan scramble with home fries and vegan sausage. Was stuffed!
The restaurant seems to be built from three houses combined. It's very unique and has a home style feel. 
I highly recommend this place.this is the best breakfast place I have ever been to. It is one of two places in Philly I have to eat at every time I visit. The food, is fresh, yummy and huge. The stuffed french toast can feed a family of 4. We always order the same 2 things and share here. Stuffed french toast and greek omelet. The servers are super friendly and super efficient. Yummy, Only 1 negative. It gets crowded and HOT in the summer.My boyfriend and I love Sabrina's, we're locals and came in today (1/4/17) for a special occasion for work. We brought a bottle of champagne with us and were looking forward to brunch. We were greeted by a miserable asian girl in a black dress with thin white horizontal stripes who attempted to seat us at a table in the middle of the first room right by the coffee machine. If the restaurant was busy, I would have been fine with this table, but I asked to sit against the wall because we were going to be there for a while seeing as we had a big bottle of champagne with us. She was immediately annoyed when I asked nicely to be moved and said "well, I have to put you in the other room then." I said "sure that's great thank you so much." She walked us into the other room and attempted to seat us again in the middle of the room and I chuckled and asked again to be sat next to a wall. She led us still aggravated with the most attitude she possibly could into the first room again and slammed my boyfriends menu down on the table (I grabbed my own menu) and took the two extra sets of silverware off of the table and basically threw them somewhere and made so much noise about it, caused a scene like we were asking her for her first born child. Again, there was PLENTY of room in this place. It was not a busy time of day, there was no wait. There was another 4 top available in case she was annoyed that she had to seat 2 people at a 4 top? It boggled my mind why she was so rude I sat there trying to figure out how I could have offended her that badly. She then went to the register next to another employee (our server) and began ranting and complaining and flailing her arms in aggravation talking to him about what seemed to be us? I don't know if it was about us, but even if it wasn't it is extremely unprofessional to be acting that way in front of customers in such a small room where people are dining and can literally see and hear everything the employees are doing. I normally like that about Sabrina's, I like that "small kitchen" feel about that room, but she made me feel really crappy and I went in there in a really good mood. Then our server came he was wearing a plaid shirt, he was very nice and opened our bottle really well and took our order and was hospitable and quiet while she acted like a 4 year old over by the register talking to him minutes before. Our food came out fast, our food runner was a bald guy and he was really nice and smiled every time he passed our table. Our food was great my steak and eggs were perfect and my boyfriend was happy with his dish as well as usual. The bald guy checked on us as well as our server and maintained our table well. Then the miserable Asian grim reaper came by and asked to take our plates and I said no because we both were still eating our food. We paid the check, and left. I downloaded yelp only to write this review today, not to be mean or revengeful. I know people have bad days and she could have been going through something or maybe her grandmother died or something, but her behavior was unacceptable. Later after we got home, my boyfriend explained that she took the check from him while eating there with his boss on 12/22/17. He paid cash and had a lot left over from the balance of his bill. She took all the money and never brought him his change. Of course being with his new boss and being the ridiculously nice person that he is he never asked for his change back which I understand is his fault, but what server does not ask if the guest wants their change back? Who does that? I wrote this review because the other good employees there that were kind and patient have someone like that literally at the front door greeting their guests like that, making the guest then judge and critique every move their servers make after experiencing her horribleness. I've worked in the food industry for years. I've worked at more than two 5 star restaurants. I've trained employees for 3 years at Fogo de Chao and handled many hospitality issues in many restaurants I've worked at. I understand how it is working at a busy restaurant and how hard it is to accommodate people who are picky about seating. We did not deserve to be treated like that, and that is why I've given them 1 star it breaks my heart, but they have to get rid of people like that if they want to run a good restaurant and serve people the best way possible. People with attitudes belong in the back of the house, not greeting guests and being visibly rude in the dining room. Send that angry Asian home and thank you to everyone else for a great celebration brunch.Very good portion sizes. I split eggs benedict and the Mexican scramble. I would have added more salt to the scramble, but the black bean grits that accompanied the scramble were delicious! For the eggs benedict, I ordered the hollandaise on the side and actually forgot to add it to the dish, it was that good without!
Call ahead to get your name on the list before getting there to avoid some wait time!I give this a 4.8 out of 5.  Food was great had zero complaints. I had the Mediterranean wrap with in house coleslaw and everything was crazy fresh. Though it would be hard to mess that up being right off the main Italian market center.The wrap had all sorts of fresh veggies from great black olives to delicious red peppers.  The falafel was one of the better falafel's I had as well as it had good flavor and not dry.  It was a very nice and causal experience as they have indoor and outdoor seating.  Certainly a place to stop by for a quick bite to eat after or before you shop at the italian market.Wooow.  This place is exceptional.  Basically a wealth of american food with a unique twist.  You have trouble deciding what to order... and the truth is, it probably doesn't matter.  EVERYTHING is good.  We got a burger and tuscan chicken sandwiches and both I would order again.  
Oh, and another thing...the portions are gigantic!!  The stuffed french toast is literally the size of Mount Helena.  You could probably order one plate for two people and still have leftovers.  
Transcendent.  Cute, diner-esque atmosphere.  You're an idiot if you don't go.Yea, it's good. Get in line for 40 minutes good? Not exactly. Hop in the car or grab a taxi rather than walking somewhere nearby good? Nope.
Love the coffee, but never liked the supersized portions. I need to start requesting that half my order be boxed for take home immediately, otherwise the plate will always be clean. Get the pumpkin pancakes if available, but share them with a friend.
Service is decent but it shouldn't be obvious that your server was out partying last night. Call me a hypocrite because it's obvious when we walk in the door that we were out partying last night, but hey, I'm the paying customer not the (unwashed?) person handling the food. That's all I'm going to say.
For all the knocks, they still serve tasty, interesting breakfast fare. Don't show up after 10 on the weekend hoping to get a table anytime soon.Most of the time when I order french toast, I expect a few pieces of golden egg-dipped bread with hints of cinnamon and vanilla. That's cute, but that is not what you get here if you order french toast. I didn't see the server as he was approaching the table so when he tried to set a small mountain in front of me, I thought he had the wrong table. As I looked at the plate in bewilderment, I realized that this creation was in fact what I ordered. picture challah bread with sweet cheese sandwiched in between. Then there are berries spread across the mountains of bread and some sort of berry syrup. It was heaven. I didn't come close to finishing what was on my plate, but I sure did try.Be prepared to wait here if you come for brunch on the weekend - its packed!! But the food is awesome so it's totally worth it!  I got the egg white frittata with turkey bacon, spinach, and some other ingredients and it was delicious! It also came with toast and potatoes! We took the first seats that came up so we ended up sitting at the bar but service was still on par and the full menu was offered. I can't wait to try the French toast next time!
Update: I went again for lunch and their sandwiches are delicious! Big portions and can't go wrong with whatever you order. And less of a wait time this time around too :)BEST BRUNCH IN PHILADELPHIA.  I always take my out of town guests here and they always tell me (a) how much they LOVE it and (b) how Sabrina's brunch was the best they ever had.  Service is wonderful, which is tough when you are managing a long waiting list and disgruntled brunchers, but the staff handles it with experienced patience.  For those who complain about the wait - CALL AHEAD.  Sabrina's does call ahead (I think about 1/2 hour prior) and the last two times I've gone during the "busy" weekend rush we've been seated within 15 minutes.  Their stuffed french toast is amazing, and I love the variety of their seasonal menu.  A number of times I've also been able to stop and have a nice chat with the owner, who is often running around checking to make sure the clients are happy.  That's good service.After reading my fellow yelpers split reviews, I decided to try Sabrina's with out-of-town guests. While the majority of menu consists of traditional fare, I'd like to give them 3-Stars for Creativity, mostly for their trademark "stuffed french toasts".  
Portions are HUGE, so we ordered a couple of plates to share.  We still had leftovers, which held out pretty well for reheating later in the evening.I tried the Huevos Rancheros and some of the vanilla/banana cream filled french toasts.  The Huevos were decent and the french toasts were too sweet and gooey for me (you do not need any syrup). 
We thought late Sunday afternoon (2:30 pm) would mean avoiding the brunch crowd, but still waited 40-45 min to be seated.  This, after we observed the "call ahead" policy (you can call and put your name on the list, but not considered a reservation).  So be sure to arrive with a high level of patience and a granola bar to pass the time. Oh, bring an umbrella if its stormy---we waited outside under the rain for lack of waiting area in the restaurant. 
Other menu options---egg whites, omelettes, pancakes, toasts, bagels, salmon/lox, fruits; lunch fare includes salads, sandwiches, etc.  and some daily specials.  
Service: Waitress sat us, took our orders and served us. Although we were a party of 5, we weren't complicated or high maintenance. She seemed aggravated when we asked for ketchup/tabasco/extra cup of tea...not sure if she was having an off-day or suffers from poor customer orientation.  
Bottom line: I want to be excited for it and say the experience was fantastic, but I'm afraid Sabrina is a "one trick pony" with its unique take on french toasts.
Please note they close at 4 pm on Sundays.Stupid Sabrina's.
 Why are you soo cool with those darned hipsters?  Their tight jeans and ironic t-shirts hogging up all the tables so I cant have any food.
Stupid Sabrina's.Only in south Philly...
Our recent experience with Sabrina's was anything but dull. As we waited for a table, we listened to statements being made to police, as a woman's purse was stolen from her table (outside).  The commotion cleared out a few patrons (and tables), so our wait time was pruned considerably. Lady Mary and I took our seats in the outside section. It was a beautiful day, so al fresco dining seemed to be just the ticket.
No sooner did we sit down, when a crazy old wench accosted out table with suggestions on purse security. Our waiter asked her politely to leave, which only served to provoke her into a rousing chorus of "She has a right to know this!!!" & "I'm not interrupting", and other brunch favorites.  I also asked her to politely take leave with all available dispatch, to no avail.  A Charlie Manueleqse belly bump and a retort, "You ARE interrupting my meal" sent her on her wayward way.  
All that before needed to be related first, or nothing wonderful may come of this story.  Kidding...joke for any Dickens geeks. Let's talk about the food for a moment, shall we? I had a pork sandwich, which used sweetness in a most eye-openingly intelligent way. The meat had been marinaded in apple and pear juice, and served with thin slices of said pear & roasted peppers. The sweetness managed to get IN to the flavour, rather than being put onto...like just adding sugar, syrup, or some traditionally sweet component...really top notch. Lady Mary had a solid, if not spectacular, mexican style brunch. Eggs, some heat, cream, corn...all the usual suspects done well, with fresh ingredients.  It was above average, but I would brave no perils for a chance to eat it. 
Lastly, there was an apparent celebrity sitting behind us. We deduced this because the gaggle of hipster girls at the table in front of us couldn't stop whispering to each other, and taking very conspicuously rude pictures with their iPhones. I suspect he was an athlete on a team I don't know, of a sport I don't watch. Either way, we let the man eat his meal in peace, as there had been enough disturbances in the force that morning. 
Sabrina's should be at least four stars.  I will need to go back on a less chaotic day to rate it any higher however.This place is hailed as one of the best brunch places in Philly. Nestled right next to (or even inside) the Italian Market, this place draws crowds every morning and especially on the weekends. They do have limited seating, but what they make up in terms of space they make up with the food. I got the vanilla french toast made with Challah bread, which was huge! I'm a big fan of french toast and it was good - but it got a little bit tiring to eat. That probably makes no sense. The portions are huge, but it has the same flavor profile throughout, which made me less inclined to finish it...because I just got tired. I'd definitely return - this time to try something new (and more meaty).Sitting outside has its downside: trucks, puddles, car exhaust. 
I'm concerned when menus have a plethora of adjectives. I looked at the prices, and realized that printing costs and literary creativity were also salivating for my wallet. 
I made the mistake of ordering a turkey burger, even though it was 3 PM, somewhere close to Linner. It was dry and I just chomped down on some good ole sweet potato fries. My gal pal had the cream cheese challah, and it looked heavenly! However, she said it was so sweet that she couldn't finish it. 
To-go boxes for the both of us. And go, go, gone we went! There are places just as good (I would argue better) and less pricier (maybe that's why it's better?) a couple blocks over and up.Always a solid choice for the savory or the sweet breakfast aficionados, great service and creative, robust menu items. Try anything on the daily specials menu... Trust me.  Been coming to this south Philly staple for more than a decade - and it's just as good now as it ever was.Great hamburgers and a really fun and unique space.  Truly a standout in the Italian Market area which doesn't have a ton of great spots to dine.  I love the kitchen tools and appliances turned into lighting fixtures!
The staff does a great job getting people in and out while keeping their cool and not rushing you through your meal.I'm giving Sabrina's a 3 because the service was excellent. The food, not so much. How do you mess up brunch? I ordered a brunch special which was supposed to be 2 poached eggs on toast (this was actually good)...but it was supposed to come with corned beef hash. Well...the eggs on toast sat on a greasy pile of onions and peppers.  Good thing they served it in a bowl. There was some sort of meat..maybe 3 pieces as big as a tooth mixed in the grease and a couple hard potatoes. And for a brunch place their coffee wasn't even hot and tasted blah. I won't be going back there anytime soon. So many other delicious places to eat with hot food that isn't swimming in grease.I don't think I can say anything more that hasn't been said in the 348 other reviews.
The place is stellar and lots of people know about it.  Food is awesome.
Get there early, or get there late.
Anytime in between, be prepared for a wait.
Show up hungry or be prepared for leftovers.
Enjoy.I've waited nearly 8 years of living in Philly to finally try out Sabrina's for brunch, mainly because every time I was in the mood it was a Saturday/Sunday and I personally don't think any food is worth an hour to hour and a half wait while severely hungover...regardless of how good it may be.
With that said, my family visited Thursday into Friday and I wanted to bring them somewhere that had quality brunch at around 12:30 on Friday afternoon and most places in Philly don't offer Friday brunch except here.  Plus the added bonus of having a South Philly location meant I didn't have to venture all the way up to the Art Museum area.
We had NO wait on Friday, which was great cause we were super starving.  We got a table right in front area. The place is TINY, but from the looks of it, I think there may be a back room.  My back was practically on top of the coffee machine but it didn't spoil the mood.  It's really cute inside with a charming, antique vibe.
For 4 people, the bill was only $55 which isn't too bad-not diner prices- but also better quality than diner food.  Plus we left really full.  I opted for breakfast and got scrambled eggs with cheese with hashbrowns, scrapple and multigrain toast.  Everything was on point.  I know it's just breakfast...but the hash was nice and crispy and had caramelized onions and the eggs were fluffy.  The scrapple was cooked perfectly, too.  The other people I was with got lunch and were all pleased with their dishes-the soup/salad/sandwich combos looked delicious and the special Thanksgiving burger was unique and tasty.
The service wasn't bad- efficient- but not super friendly, either. Kinda felt like we were inconveniencing them for being there.  My orange juice was like $4.00 and some of the breakfast dishes seemed pricy but overall, the portions, freshness, and quality definitely justify this.  I spotted another table's challah french toast and huevos rancheros and I'm kicking myself for not ordering them- it looked amazing.  I'll definitely be back here to try some other menu items (but definitely not on the weekend with the crazy wait times).Full review with Pictures in the Blog
Turning northward the next stop on my agenda would be a proper breakfast at Sabrina's Caf.  Arriving shortly after 9am on a Wednesday I was spared the famous excessive line and was given the option of seating outdoors or inside - with 70 degree weather, a nice breeze, and the active Italian Market just to my East I decided to sit outdoors in the shade.  Greeted by an impressively attentive young female server I ordered coffee (a rather standard blend which was filled instantly and repeatedly) and browsed the menu for a few moments - identifying two items that sounded excellent I inquired if half orders were acceptable and when I was assured it was I opted for a half order of each.
Seated, sipping my coffee, and browsing my maps I waited for approximately 20 minutes before my options would arrive - and arrive they did, excessive in both size and presentation.  Long winded in words and ingredients, my first selection would be the Killer Quasar Stuffed French Toast with Challah, Stuffed with Mascarpone, Blueberry and Vanilla Crunch, Topped with Peach-Vanilla Syrup and Seasonal Berries...and to be honest, it was Killer.  Almost a bread pudding in consistency the buttery Challah was crispy outside and custard like within while the mascarpone lent its characteristic flavor and texture.  Breaking up the smoothness were fresh strawberries and crunchy bits of blueberry granola and the whole dish was topped with a "syrup" that was more akin to a compote of pureed peaches.
The second choice, Magnificent Magnetar Pancakes with Buttermilk Cakes Topped with Polenta-Orange Cake Crumble, Dried Apricots, Orange-Honey Berry Compote, and Walnut-Orange B utter was good, but certainly not as great as the French Toast.  Again using an amalgam of summer textures and flavors I will definitely note that the flavors were outstanding and well thought out despite the multitude of ingredients.  What was lacking in these cakes, however, was the pancakes themselves - doughy, thick, and uninspiring on their own - I actually left the lower pancake on the plate after consuming the entirety of the top pancake and all its toppings.
Paying the modest tab and leaving a sizable tip (the service was much better than it needed to be, something uncommon for a "hip" restaurant) I made my way back to the market for more browsing before turning north en route for the Mutter museum.  An excellent start to a trip that would be full of great sites, people, and food.The hands down best spot to get breakfast. The ever changing menu is consistently on point and regardless of how they do it the ingredients go together pervfectly. Adore the neighborhood flavor as well as the staff. Virtually overly popular to really go on the weekends.On first glance, Sabrina's exterior in the middle of the crowded Italian Market won't attract us, but based on a recommendation a friend (and Yelp), we decided to come in for a brunch. My husband ordered the Huevos Rancheros and I ordered the Turkey Bacon White Egg Frittatas. Both food were delicious! My husband said his portion was good for the price, and although he was full, it didn't leave him as stuffed as green eggs always have. My frittatas was good and yummy. Their potatoes were out of this world! (Beat Chhaya & Green Egg hands down). Their menu is rather sizeable, but didn't leave us confused for 2 hours deciding what we wanted to eat (lol). We sat outside and the atmosphere was beautiful, servers were pretty nice as well :) will definitely come back!They have a Yelp wait list feature but don't respect it.  According to Yelp, I was next in line but according to the hostess, I had just arrived and was placed at the bottom of the list.  Go down the street to Santuccis; nice people, good food, and no pretense on how long you will wait.The Eggs Benedict are to die for. Wait times can get long if you do t go early, but they're great about moving people along.We took advantage of the Popeocalypse to have breakfast at Sabrina's without a wait. We ordered off the pared down Pope weekend menu, but left happily full. 
Fresh squeezed OJ: Generous portion and relish 
Mexi Special: A heavenly burrito with ground pork, eggs, cheese, and peppers covered in a well balanced mole sauce. Home fries were a little lacking in flavor, but great texture. 
Being able to sit outside = major plus.GREAT BRUNCH!!!! Seriously worth the trip for me! The wait was a bit long but the food was incredible. Service was great, everything was fun and good. I had the eggs benedict - seriously get it, it will knock your socks off!I have been going here for years and though the service has dwindled and they stopped serving dinner, I am a fan. 
I took friends who just got engaged and were visiting from NY for brunch - 5 of us. To preface, this is not the server's fault and she was very but but it was a disaster. See list below - in order: 
- Water cup had lipstick on it
- Coffee cup had lipstick on it
- Out of both things I ordered 
- Refill of coffee was poured into my cup, as I watched a dirty sugar packet spill out into mine
- Plastic in my meal - cannot make this up. Had to send it back. 
She brought me a side rather quickly to "make up for it" but still charged me for my meal. I'm sorry what - at least take it off? I usually would have said something  but thought I had to deal with enough at this point and did not want to have another interruption. 
I had to post this. I do not typically, but step it up Sabrina's. Stat.Hostess was super nice and our server was very attentive the whole time we were there. Our water cup was never empty which is a plus. 
The food. Was. Amazing. 
I got the special (something huevos) and it was not what I expected. The flavor combo just exploded in my mouth. Maybe because it was 3 in the afternoon and I didnt eat anything yet so I was starving. The ranch/avocado sauce tasted so perfect. The blue corn tortilla added a great crunch. And the potatoes were perfectly seasoned and cooked! This dish was a pretty view and made my mouth tingle. A must try if you ever go here. 
Service was great and food was even better!OK, so, I think I saw Patton Oswalt here today. Breakfasting with his parents. (Either that or it was a Patton Oswalt impersonator. I'll let you decide based on the joke to come.)
So, he's talking kinda loudly and telling a story about getting some food with a "caramel duck fat sauce". He says that upon completion of the meal, the waiter cracked "Here's the... BILL" (emphasis mine). So, he claims, he shot back, "You quack me up."
Anyway, so, a little bit later, Patton Oswalt's mom starts hacking and I see something fly out of her mouth and across the room. That family quacks me up.
All of the above did not interfere with my enjoyment of my delicious omelette.
Some truly fine wait service as well. 
That's all, folks.Went there 2 months ago while visiting my daughter who lives right around the block. Excellent breakfast. Only drawback was I was sitting at the first table near the front door and it was so cold everytime the door opened .The fresh squeezed OJ is the best in Philly . One of the best breakfasts in Philly I have had. It gets so crowded and I was there on a Wednesday morning. Didn't have to wait long for a table but I'm sure the wait is very long on weekends .It's a must stop place when your in Philly.Truly Philly family meals house! Love.....as taste home made food =)I love Sabrina's. double stuffed french toast or just eggs, whatever. its all great. I like how the waiter kept refilling my coffee to see how jittery I could get. plus its not too cool for my parents either. I just don't like when its death freezing and you have to wait out side. but you can walk to nearby places while your waiting. I miss philadelphia.Loved this place. Just like eating at home. The spot was super cute and the service was great. I had 3 people check-in to make sure all was good. The french toast was so yummy. I loved how I could basically customize my french toast with all their option. The food was fresh and it was served warm. I can't say enough good things about this spot. I would love to go back.This was the only spot in Philly where I had to wait on line for a very long time, and while I don't regret coming to Sabrina's, I'm not sure that it lived up to the hype either. My potatoes, toast, and eggs were all excellent. As tends to be the case at breakfast, there were many options that sounded good (I went with huevos rancheros). Fair enough. But if you're starving and you see a long line to get in, you might want to consider going somewhere slightly more pedestrian to fill up on dishes which, for the most part, you can basically find at any other breakfast joint.My girl and I have done brunch at Sabrina's on several occasions and we always walk away happy.  Saturday we decided to bring a bottle of wine and give their dinner menu a shot.  I'm so used to a long wait at this popular brunch spot but when we walked into the half empty restaurant at 7 p.m. I became a little worried that maybe dinner wasn't their thing.  I'm happy to say that the great service and food proved my worrying unnecessary.
We started off sharing a plate of hummus and pita served with with roasted peppers, cherry tomatoes, kalamata olives and feta cheese.  Now I'm no hummus expert but I had to remark to my girlfriend that it was the best hummus dish I've ever had.  For entrees my girl went with the stuffed chicken and loved it.  I ordered salmon served over garlic mashed potatoes with steamed broccoli sprouts on the side.  In a word, delicious!
Sabrina's caters to a no frills, hipster crowd.  The restaurant's decor is delightfully tacky and the tattooed wait staff is a pleasure to be around.  The food itself is served with a home cooked feel and I've always found it scrumptiously tasty.  This place is a Philadelphia gem and always worth the trip.Great breakfast and very filling! Although its quite pricey, the flavor of the food was amazing! I had a brunch item called if you finish this you get an A+ and it was a LOT of food! All of it was great! Eggs were wonderful, the toast was good, the house fries were cooked well and tasted good as well! Also tried the stuffed french toast which was huge and quite good as well!This place is the best!  I've only really had breakfast here but everything I've ever had has been awesome.  My only complaint is the wait, but I can't really ding them for being so good that so many people want to eat there.  I love their eggs Benedict and their huevos rancheros!  The potatoes that come on the side are delicious.  Plus the place has so much character and style.You know what I love best about this place? EVERYTHING.  The atmosphere makes me feel like I'm at home eating a pleasant, creative and tasty twist on original dishes.  Some of the hardest foods to prepare are the simple ones.  Its the little details and creative pairings that make the food sssooo delicious.  The spinach salad is out of this world.  The paring of a candied pear with a honey mustard vinaigrette seemed odd to me but it meshed into a beautiful, delicate flavor that I crave DAILY.  I enjoy the owner coming around to check on the customers and believe they truly care about their food and what the customers are eating and it shows through every dish.  I have NEVER been disappointed.  The prices are very reasonable for the fresh, high quality ingredients that are used to prepare all of the menu options.  Amanda is a true gem and I would recommend her if you decide to check this place out.  Her product knowledge is commendable and her attention to detail is fantastic.  She's a great server!  Also, I appreciate that it's a BYOB that ACCEPTS credit cards.  That's been a difficult find in the city.  There are several BYOB'S that are strictly cash only and I applaud Sabrinas for being pro choice when it comes to payment options!  Keep up the awesome food and I'll keep on coming in to enjoy a great, fresh, high quality meal!One of the triflin' things about having to constantly work weekends is that everyone that you know in life schedules all the fun events on the weekends and so with your glum Eeyore drone you hafta turn plans down, "Sorry I'm working, womp wooomp..." 
Now if you're looking on the bright side of things, and you're free times happen during the week, the good news is that you won't have to spend eons on line waiting to eat at Sabrina's during breakfast and brunchy times. I mean I've never been to Sabrina's when it hasn't been doin plenty of business, but you won't need to expect any of that waiting over an hour kinda noise. Not for me, mon cheri. Good ole weekday mornings, yeah.
I know that I certainly don't need to be the trillionth person to mention that Sabrina's is a nice spot for breakfast and brunch, but how am I gonna go around like a respectable sort with a, ""Whaaa heew whan fer bruckfusss?"  list without Sabrina's up in that piece? Especially when I so like this joint? So, that's what's happening here.
Specials are always worth trying but I get stuck on ordering, "The Barking Chihuahua," cause this one here loves her a breakfast burrito- this one a hefty one filled with scrambled eggs, black beans, sauteed peppers and pepper jack cheese, accompanied with a side of fried potatoes. It can easily be split, and so are many of the brunch menu items. I've shared more than my fair share of the ever-popular sweet and cakey stuffed French toast, for instance. I go for the more savory than sweet in the A.M., but I wouldn't turn down that beast.
Sabrina's is an adorable converted rowhome space with pastel tiled walls and mismatched flowery teacups whose dainty details should not mislead you into thinking that portions would be so too. Heaping helpings here. There are lighter, healthier options on the menu too, as well as vegetarian and vegan options. It's a cute little spot that will easily please appetites ranging from itty bitty bird to burly lumberjack... or from itty bitty lumberjack to burly bird. Either way.I really, really wanted to love Sabrina's. I've heard only fantastic things about it and their menu looked very appetizing, but I was very disappointed in my experience here.
My boyfriend and I stopped by for lunch. I ordered the Asian Salad, and he got one of the brunch specials. I absolutely love a good, hearty meal-sized salad, and this was anything but. It was a lot of greens, with just a sprinkle of the other things the menu listed as being components of the salad. Not at all a satisfying meal. But my biggest gripe with the salad was the dressing, in that there might as well have not been any. I could see that there was an oily coating of something on the veggies, but I could barely taste anything. Maybe a hint of sesame oil. Otherwise absolutely no flavor.
My boyfriend was essentially indifferent about his dish. He felt it was too heavy on the cheese and that overall the portion was way, way too large. A very heavy meal. Maybe this is what some people are looking for, but he didn't find it to be very appetizing.
The slight savior of all this was that our waiter really was great. He was super nice and accommodating, and able to answer all of our questions. And our food did come out super quickly. The place also generally has a cute and cozy atmosphere. These things saved our experience from being a total loss, and also make me think that maybe I will go back and give them a second chance. But for now, the distinctly not good food makes me unable to give Sabrina's more than two stars.Very easy to overlook this cafe as it looks like a house. The cafe is very cozy and feels like you're eating breakfast at someone's home. 
I ordered the Huevos Rancheros and it was awesome. The food arrived much quicker than I expected (either it was pre-made or their kitchen is just that quick). 
This place is a bit of a hike from the main restaurants and city but worth the trip.We have had breakfast here several times. Nice place in the Italian market with indoor and outdoor seating. This place gets packed early on the weekends. Best to go during the week if possible. My go to is the stuffed French toast and it is amazing and decadent. The bagels r good too. I don't eat eggs so prob not the best judge of a predominantly breakfast place. I believe they also serve fresh squeezed oj which is nice.Sabrina's is an excellent place to go.  They are consistent, fun, cheap, and they deliver excellent food.
Definitely try: 
Stuffed French Toast
Sandwiches
Specials
Note:  Do not go here on the weekends.  Take a day off and go on a Monday morning.  Quite honestly I am sick of avoiding you obnoxious marshmellow hipsters waiting to get in on a Sat/Sun.Everything about this place is perfect for a weekend brunch destination. We didn't have to wait too long though it was clearly busy. The interior is very quaint and beautiful. The staff were incredibly attentive and refilled our coffee constantly, immediately brought us extra condiments or whatever else we needed. And brought the check without being asked. Giving us plenty of time to sign because we were clearly still enjoying the breakfast. Love that! Most waiters pressure you to leave and it's awkward. 
And that's not all! The food was delicious! Highly recommend everything because we watched other people get their food and it all looked amazing. We got the egg white omelet dish (forget the name but under brunch specials) and buttermilk pancakes with cc and bananas. Both superb and the portion sizes are huge! Overall a perfect experience. You have to try this place you will not regret it.Delicious breakfast in delightful cafe right by Italian Market. Patio dining. Tulip Benedict with avocado hollandaise was divine. Coffee smooth and plentiful. Must come back for the French toast.Stuffed French Toast (a little too much stuffing in between)
Chicken Soup-Delicious
Everyone else's food looked great and the service was good (even though my order was forgotten)
I would come here again but they need to do some expanding.  The place is very small and the wait, extremely looooonnnngggg.Sabrina's is always a solid choice for brunch. I tend to take friends here when they're visiting Philly because it's consistent, delicious, and the wait is not too long when you use their call ahead option. They're BYO which is good or bad depending on your drink preference for brunch, but they take credit cards which is awesome. I also like that they have outdoor seating for when the weather is nice. 
Their prices are reasonable and I haven't had anything I haven't liked. The coffee is good and they have iced coffee for those warm summer days. My favorite meal is the huevos rancheros. They're just the right amount of spice, but super flavorful with runny egg yolks just like I like them! There's a veggie option which I sometimes opt for since the chorizo is heavy and the dish is already pretty filling. It's topped with lime sour cream and guac and it makes for a perfect mexican brunch dish. Their pick your own omelette is also another good choice since you can pack a lot of different veggies in and some cheese/meat for a decent price. Their home fries are also delicious.
Definitely would check this place out for brunch. Use the Yelp app which estimates wait times or call ahead so you don't wait for hours there.Sabrina's is fantastic.  Everyone knows that it's great for brunch, but my husband and I love it for dinner too.  The menu is interesting and it is a BYOB, so the cost isn't high.  The entrees usually run about $15.  To keep it lower you can easily split an entree and a salad (they'll even put it on separate plates for you), and I would recommend doing that since the portions are so large.  On a summer evening you can sit on the sidewalk outside and enjoy the night air too.  It is worth the wait in the mornings, but at dinner there is rarely a wait at all since most people don't think of Sabrina's as a dinner place.  Sabrina's is also a great place to take parents - mine LOVE it and insist we go there whenever they visit.  The service is always friendly and attentive.Drove past this place in the Italian Market a zillion times and never went in.  Boy have we missed out. Yes, you will wait. But it is well worth it.  Went there on Saturday for Brunch. With a slant towards sustainability and organic ingredients, the quality, taste and portion sizes delivered!  You know it is a great place when there are twenty things you would like to try and have to make a decision.
I picked the Barking Chihuahua breakfast burrito. Got it with egg whites and the waitress recommended a side of guacamole.  It was massive and I ate every bit. Also got the polenta fries rather than hash browns. Spicy with jalepeno's and worth trying.
Service was efficient and fast. The family loved their choices. Need to come back and sample the challah french toast (among other things!)Seriously, what's not to love? 
You have two options to start.
1. Put your name down for your party and head to Italian market and/or Isgros during your wait time.
2. Use the "nowait" app and leave your house 5 minutes before your table is ready.
Everything on their menu is delicious. Some of my favs: Huevos rancheros, any tacos they have on special, anything they have on special, and you must get some of the special french toast for the table. 
Bring lots of Titos and champagne, grab some friends, and enjoy their house made Bloody Marys and mimosas. 
PS. The wine and spirits opens at 12pm on Sundays. You're welcome.Sabrina's is Great!!
I've always been amused by Philadelphia's brunch culture.  The amount of brunches that are overflowing on Sunday morning can say so much about a population.  And, on the whole, they are wonderful.
This place, in particular, is a favorite of my friends and we would end up here often. I'm a big fan of their mango dishes, combining new flavors for a great effect.  The other dishes I've tried have never disappointed, only merely appointed my taste buds once in awhile.
The service is always great, though getting a seat can be a problem sometimes.  If you're aiming for Brunch, make sure you've planned ahead so you can get there.
All in all, this is a great neighborhood place - try it out for dinner and if you like it, step up your game and try a brunch.  You won't be disappointed at all!Second visit, never fails.  The vegetarian Philly Cheesesteak is my favorite item here, and my favorite cheesesteak of all.  The taste and texture is close enough to give you what you really enjoy out of a cheesesteak.  
We also had tacos which were delicious.  They have toast and avocado, make it into avoacado toast and you would have another hit menu item.
DTWe came first thing in the morning and were seated immediately. The food came out pretty quickly, but by the time we left, all the tables were full. I wasn't sure what to get, of course, so I asked the waitress for a recommendation. She wasn't rude, but she kinda gave off a cold vibe. I ended up going with the seitan scramble. Even the meat lover I was with admitted it wasn't bad! G got the Barking Chihuahua. Tastes like what you would expect. None of us got the French Toast but were ogling it on the way out, as we passed by others who were eating it. 
I liked that their menu had a large selection of dishes, but the majority of them weren't that unique. My 4-star review is mainly because I liked the dish I chose.So I went a week ago to Sabrina's and it was my first dining experience since I moved to Philly.  It was great.  First off, I know how busy brunch can be, so I knew waiting was going to happen,  CALL AHEAD if you don't want to wait too long (no reservation, but will put you on the list).  My friend was smart enough to do that.  The Quentin Tarantino menu was awesome.  I had the Mexican-style dish that was essentially an awesome breakfast burrito without the tortilla.  My ONLY complaint was that the eggs were not runny, but that was my own fault for not explaining how I wanted my eggs.  Service was perfect.  The waiter came around often enough to check on us and refill our water and coffee without it being empty.
I would not hand out 5 stars too often, but I could very well see myself changing my rating later after going a few times.  Definite keeper.Very small but very fun and very good! We arrived 8:30 am Sunday, and had to wait till our other half parked the car before they would seat us. Luckily we scored an inside seat on a very hot July day. 
   Horned rimmed tattooed cute server with a nose ring was our host. We opted for the fun house specials, all ample and no one was disappointed. Our one veggitarian had to wait to see if his dish could be done without bacon? I would have thought non-meater would be more welcome? They did indeed indulge his request and we had a great time. I might add that my egg was primo, very orange yoke, though organic and local were not specified. I could see my egg was not off the shelf.I read the reviews for Sabrina's and decided to give it a try.  My friend and I decided to our from the brunch specials, which was the right way to go.  All I can say is that there should be some type of warning about trying to consume that quantity of carbs in one sitting.  The stuffed french toast was tasty, but almost sickly sweet with a heavy cream cheese filling.  Plus, it was the size of a Man vs. Food challenge!  I only ate half and was not successful at reheating to duplicate the tastiness the next day.  I would return, but would make sure to split the order with someone.I'll start with the not so good:  the seating was a bit choppy and I ended up sitting between a door and a bookshelf.  The service was so-so, possibly due to the crowds, but I would expect them to be accustomed to serving this many people. My glass hit empty a couple of times, the wait between being sat and ordering felt really long, as did the end of the meal and waiting for the check.  The food, however, was delicious and worth the mediocre service.  I give the service a 2, the food a 4.5, and the overall would be 3 3/4 starts so it gets 4.So many people have reviewed Sabrina's and said all the same wonderful things that I would say about it, so I won't repeat all that here.
In summary: one of the best brunches in the city (I've probably been here close to a dozen times), extensive menu for brunch and lunch items, big portions, reasonable prices, good service, LONG wait. If you're going to do a weekend, come here early, I'm talking like 8 or 9am, unless you want to wait over an hour to be seated.  I only go to Sabrina's for brunch if I can get there during the week. It's kind of disappointment that the weekend is so busy nowadays, but that's a testament to how great the food is there.My friend from college wanted to treat me for Sunday brunch for graduation. Every where else we tried to stop had almost an hour wait. Luckily Sabrina's was able to have us seated within 30 minutes even on such a busy day. Trying to find parking is overwhelming in this neighborhood if the weather was better I would've considered walking. 
When we were stunned by how tight the space was inside of the restaurant, I felt like I was breathing on the guest next to me. 
We kept it "sweet and simple" and shared the Challah French Toast with a side of Turkey Bacon and an order of the Two eggs any style breakfast. We ordered our eggs with eggs whites and added spinach with the side order for fruit and whole wheat toast. 
Everything was perfect! Service was great and the food came out quickly despite how crowded it was.This place fills up on the weekends but the food is so delicious and reasonably priced. Everything on the menu is good. Don't just get pancakes or french toast, it'll be a missed opportunity to have some real good food. Their coffee is good too (my normal routine is to put my name on the wait list and then go down to the espresso bar on 9th st for iced coffee - wait is long). 
Also, I'd recommend coming here for dinner, too, as the food is just as amazing and very good prices. Lots of healthy options, too.Wish I had gotten a chance to eat the food, but they gave away our table as our final person was walking up the sidewalk to the restaurant. 
I understand that all of your party must be there to be seated, this is completely okay--it's just the way they handled it that was very unprofessional. They did not communicate that they gave away our table, and instead left us waiting outside for an additional half hour on top of the hour we had already been waiting, with no word at all. Finally, when we went in to check with the hostess for the 4th time, she told us that our wait time was now "undetermined." We just ended up leaving and going somewhere else. Got two calls on my cell phone from them 40 minutes after we left--just too little too late.Brunch for dinner.   Nothing more needs to be said.   The french toast was better than good.