Traveling in Philly on my own and wandering around the city center  looking for dinner.  Tons of trendy places but I noticed this sleepy Lebanese restaurant and decided to give it a try.  Very good decision.  I ordered the Baba Ghanoush, Shisk Kebab and Baklava.  Everything was superb.  I can be a tough reviewer but they really hit the mark across the board.  The shish kebab, in particular, was really tender and nicely flavored. The rice was nicely flavored and the vegetable on the plate freshly cooked for the order.  They also served a traditional whipped garlic on the plate which added a bit of zest.  They brought some additional hot sauce at my request but it wasn't really needed.  In any event, if you're local and have never made it inside or a tourist like myself, it's a solid meal at a very reasonable price.  Just to show this is balanced, the atmosphere is ok but deserves a little updating.  But if you're judging on food alone, I'd give this place 5 stars.I went here with a large group and had a great time. The food was fantastic and reasonably priced. I had the falafel and hummus platter, which was delicious. It came with a very fresh salad and side of pita bread for dipping. The rest of the group ordered a variety of dishes that were equally as satisfying.
The service was decent and could have been a little better. We had to flag down the servers to get a refill on drinks, and it took a while to get our check. Otherwise, great place! I'll definitely be back.Came here for an impromptu dinner on a Saturday night with 4 other people. We were luckily seated within less than 5 min but were told that you need to make a reservation for 5+ people. Service was a little slow because it was busy; we had to ask to be served water and to be given utensils. However, our waiter was extremely kind and welcoming. 
I've come here a couple of times before and enjoyed my food every time. The platters are very filling and cheap ($12-$14 on average). This time I ordered the falafel Baba sandwich (falafel, eggplant, tomatoes, lettuce & tzaziki sauce). I made it Lebanese style (pickles & French fries) for $0.50 extra, but without the pickles. This was filling and delicious! The french fried in the sandwich were actually sliced potatoes and not french fries, but it still tasted good. 
I like that this restaurant has vegetarian options on the menu. There's three variations of the falafel sandwiches on the menu, a falafel platter, and a mixed veggies platter. Definitely coming back soon!This is a great restaurant with delicious and fairly priced food. The portions are filling, and they have a good number of vegetarian and vegan options. I had the falafel sandwich and it was  a m a z i n g. This sandwich is vegan - the only sauce they use on it is tahini sauce (which is really flavorful). The sauce looks creamy, kind of like yogurt based sauce, but there is no dairy in it. I'll definitely be visiting when I'm back in the area!I'm not really sure where to even start because there were so many good points about Sahara Grill but let's begin by stating that their food is really delicious. Their hummus with ground lamb and pine nuts is AMAZING! The bowl was wiped clean with pita bread; it was that good. 
For an entree I ordered the mixed grill because I really wanted to try everything and everything was fantastic. One thing I need to point out especially is that I appreciate that they didn't hold back on seasoning/spices. At least here in Orlando, the majority of the Lebanese places offer bland food that cater to the American palette, why? Why hold back on making something truly stand out? The people here at Sahara understand this, and the food shines because of it.
They are BYOB; enough said.
The waiter/waitress were so attentive and kind, they really made us feel welcome.
The prices are awesome, especially when you consider how much food you're getting, and when you compare to what other restaurants on Walnut street charge per plate. 
I would absolutely make it a point to eat here if I'm ever in Philly again; it was truly a great dining experience.We were in the Arts district and looking for dinner. Yelp to the rescue. Because of the area - there are many a steakhouse and other pricey options in this neighborhood. We wanted something a little more casual and not so expensive.
Sahara totally did the trick. It's a pretty small place, but I knew from the moment we walked it we were in a good location as there was a large group of middle eastern teenagers just hanging out. Another group came in while we were eating.
It says "home cooking" on their sign and I believe it - the food was absolutely delicious, and probably the most authentic I have had. The hummus was so good, very smokey. I got chicken and couscous and it was so yummy! 
Decor wise it was average - totally acceptable but nothing to write home about. Only four stars because the service was a little slow, and inattentive. They never asked us how the food was - not once, not even a the end of the meal. So four starts. We would definitely go back!In some sense, you'd love your experience at a restaurant to be memorable. Great, hospital service, excellent food, interesting ambiance, and so on. On the other hand, you don't want it to be memorable. Intrusive service, lingering tastes, overpriced food, and unclean environment.
Well, I don't remember much at Sahara Grill. Even though I went there yesterday for lunch. Maybe it's because I grew up around cuisine like Sahara Grill's. Mediterranean, Middle Eastern, and specifically Egyptian. My shawarma was normal. I gobbled it up pretty fast and enjoyed it. But it wasn't mind-blowing--nor was it so horrible I could never forget it. Too much pita, not enough beef, but enough fresh veggies, cumin, and tahini sauce to make it worth my while.
I do remember the fact that it cost $7--when it should be 4. C'est la vie in Center City.I went to Sahara Grill last week and was less than impressed.  They were out of the Shawarma we ordered but the mixed grilled plate we ended up with was pretty good.  The pitas were definitely the low point--not heated up or prepared in any way.  I can get dry, cold pitas to go with my hummus at Superfresh, thanks.So let me start by saying how much I love their food. The owners and employees have always been friendly. They always remember me by name, and know who I am by my telephone order.
Recently they added Chicken Shawarma to their menu, which I absolutely love. I always check to see if its available, and when it is, I order it. I also love their Lamb Couscous.
I always order takeout, and they've never once made me wait longer than they said on the phone. That is a rare and very respectable norm.This is an economical but very tasty middle eastern restaurant. The food is authentic and the waitstaff is extremely friendly.
We ordered the Combo appetizer (baba ganoush, olives, hummus, feta, marinated eggplant, carrots, etc.) for the table. Everything was great, but the baba ganoush was exceptional, by baba ganoush standards. 
The Kafta Kabob, Falafal Hummus and Shawarma (lamb) were superb. 
The only reason this didn't get a 5 star is that the waitstaff and kitchen were so enthusiastic that they delivered everything all at once. They didn't give us time to get through the Combo platter before the table was overflowing with plates and it felt too rushed. 
The owner (or at least he acted that way) was attentive the whole time and came over to talk to us at the end about how the couscous from Algeria is different than the couscous from Morocco.
This isn't high end dining, but it's very good value and you'll leave feeling quite satisfiedWent to Sahara because we didn't want to go to a pretentious, slick, trendy place.  This place fit the bill!  The food was cooked nicely and tasted delicious.  Service was good but our main course was delivered before we finished our apps.  The bathrooms could be cleaner and the dining room updated, but overall for a nice meal at a decent price this is a good option for those who are not into the "scene".food is decent. their meat is well seasoned and tastes good. however, the portions are slightly on the small side. their hummus is quite good. ambiance and service is mediocre and the price is slightly high for the things they offer.I've been a costumer of Sahara Grill for over a year now. The food is amazing, its probably the best Mediterranean food I've had in Philly. If its just for me, I usually get the Middle Easter Combo--totally worth it and great for just one person or to share it if you get a small portion of meat on the side. Costumer service is good, never disappointed!Nearly every time I'm in the city I've gone here to eat. 90% of the time i've been very satisfied, a couple times the rice in the grape leaves was mushy. I recommend the hummus, very good!, THE kibeh appetizer-also great! I like the lamb and the chicken with couscous. Also, you can get the lentil soup, and they can spice it up, excellent!Really amazing Mediterranean food. I loved the Chicken Shish Kabob. Ask for the green sauce on the side if you like spicy and you won't be sorry.It was a hot day but my friend and I both got a bit sick after eating here.  Also it is not the cleanest.Pretty good food but service was slow (it was probably beside we came during dinner time).Third time coming here with the family before seeing the Philly Orchestra. Got the Sahara fries, pickles and Mediterranean combo for apps.  Omg delicious!!!
Their Sahara iced tea has the perfect amount of mint, it's so refreshing.  I love the waiter, he's always super friendly and accommodating.  We keep coming back since this place is cozy, family run, and so delicious!I have to agree with most of the other 3 star reviews by other Yelpers. Sahara Grill was neither memorable or problematic. It was OK, nothing more, nothing less.
The service was very good however. There were only a couple of other tables and everyone was extremely polite. The restaurant's space in clean but nondescript and generic.
We had a few dishes, Baba ghanoush, the mixed grill. Shawarma and grilled shrimp. Maybe we have been spoiled by some of the Mid Eastern restaurants in New Brunswick or Star Manti in Riverside but nothing was really special. The serving sizes were good and the spices interesting but we were hoping for something more.Recently, I was venturing Center City with my partner and I happen to crave Mediterranean food, after searching on yelp I came across Sahara Grill. That was the best choice Made! Service, food, vibes of the place were amazing. I will definitely return to eat there again!My hubby and I used to frequent this place almost every other week before the baby. Their food was always sooooo good. Meats were tender and the salads are delish. So it was hard to think that it had been three years since my last meal at there. Searching for a BYOB on Yelp, I came across this place and was extra anxious to return, especially since it has been consistently receiving good reviews over the past few years. Just went on Friday, and BOY it did not disappoint. The lamb kabobs were so tasty. The hummus and baba ganoush were among the greats. And the pita?? It definitely served it's purpose. The service though was ho hum. It wasn't extra attentive and cheesy, but they weren't rude, full o' 'tude, nor did they try to rush you. My gf and I could've sat all night and finished our bottle of wine if we didn't get a hankering for cappuccino. Ok, all-in-all, just go. Bring a bottle of wine, try the salad combo as an app, pick an entree (they're all pretty good), and enjoy.Had chicken kabob - was delicious, served with a little garlic paste on the side so you can use the amount you want. Nice salad (with light balsamic vinegar) and pita bread served before the meal. Staff here was friendly and quick to serve.Meat hummus is yummy, a definite must try! Plain hummus and Sahara fries are just as good- though they were a little skimpy on the fried onion topping on the fries. Don't try the Sahara iced tea. Minus one star since Too much of a wait for the check. Waited an extra 15 minutes for it.Pretty good. I just got a Hummas Platter. Good Price ($9.95 plus tax).  The Hummas was delicious!!! Salad was pretty normal. Falafel was a bit disappointing as it was dry and cold.The white sauce is garlicky good, lamb is tasty, grilled chicken very tasty. We tried the semolina dessert which was probably good but not my thing due to rose flavoring. The halwa reminded me of astronaut ice cream.
The bathroom was clean and spacious.Um.... amazing delicious food, fast service, relaxing ambiance and kind wait staff. I loved the music in the background. It made me feel like I was far away on vacation instead of 2 hrs away from my home town. I recommend the musaka. It was absolutely delicious!I ate at Sahara Grill over the weekend, and it was decent enough. Not the best Middle Eastern food I've had, but it was good. Our waiter catered well to my gluten-free needs. He confirmed that there was no wheat or flour in the sauces and marinades in my dish, and because the rice was mixed with wheat vermicelli, he instead substituted fries, which he also confirmed to be gluten-free.
The chicken schawarma I ordered was tasty enough, but nothing spectacular. The chicken was well cooked, though I couldn't really taste many of the spices that were supposed to be on it. The sesame yogurt sauce for the chicken was really nice, though (I'm not exactly sure what it was called, but it tasted similar to tzatziki, albeit warm instead of cold). The grilled vegetables--peppers and zucchini--were actually my favorite part of the meal. The fries were standard. I doubt they were handmade on premises--they looked pre-packaged. They tasted good when dipped in the sesame yogurt sauce, though.
While I would go back here again to try something else (maybe a beef or lamb dish), I'm not in any particular rush to do so. It's worth mentioning that their dessert "menu" consists of nothing but a small piece of baklava (which I couldn't try, of course, since it's made with wheat flour), so this isn't the place to go to if you're looking for a variety of sweets after your meal.The rice was fluffy, well-spiced and delicious.
Everything else was pretty blah.  Inside, Sahara Grill is dark and a little dingy.  The couscous was oily, and the pita was cut up and stuffed back into the plastic bag from the supermarket that it came from.  Not impressed.Came here with my wife for lunch. Love the ambience. Great location. From quality is fantastic. Had the beef kebab and Kobideh. Hummus with meat as an appetizer. The quality serving size and pricing are perfect. Not one complain. Courteous staff . Also gladly brought the free iced tea for the check in. Would love to come backI love Sahara Grill. I go there at least once per week for lunch. It's just a small Lebanese restaurant on Walnut St, right off of Broad. The food is all economically priced, and is extremely fresh. My favorite is the Middle Eastern Sampler. Hummus, Baba ghanoush, pita, olives, tabouli, and more! 
This is a wonderful place to have a health meal, and can be a fresh breath from the standard salad.For the price, this is great!  Convenient to Kimmel Center, so this has become our go-to pre symphony spot.  Middle Eastern food always a win for GF!This is one of the old school lunch spots in Center City, which also happens to be open for dinner. They are what I would expect from a mom-and-pop/family owned restaurant. The service is efficient, but not overly bubbly. I definitely wouldn't say it is unfriendly, either. Maybe it's because I'm a repeat customer, but I've always been asked how my food is, and the servers seems pleasant and smile. They just aren't trained like you would expect at a high end or chain restaurant.
Aside from the service, I actually consider this to be one of the better Middle Eastern restaurants around. The food is good, and consistently so. They've been around for a long time, after all, and seem to cook the food themselves. I love their sandwiches. The shawarma and the falafel are my favorites. My wife loves the dish with couscous and lamb. I also get carrot or orange/carrot juice, as long as they have carrot juice.
In short, this is a great place to grab a good, reasonably priced meal in Center City Philadelphia. Nothing fancy, don't come here in a suit or anything. Just expect a good, healthy middle eastern meal.We came here for the first time last year, for dinner before a concert.  It was incredible! Decided to come back again. Absolutely delicious.  It's a cozy hole in the wall with great ambience, excellent prices, and amazing flavor!!  We had the pickles and olive appetizer which is zesty and amazing.  Also had the combination plate app.  Perfect for 4 adults.  Scrumptious!  My husband had the shwarma, I had the Lebanese spiced chicken.  My parents had the chicken sandwiches.  The flavor was incredible with everything!  The garlic paste on the plate is so good on the grilled veggies.  I could eat this every day!Pretty good menu for lunch! A group of us came and were seated quickly. We got the fried cauliflower and falafel for appetizers. We all loved the falafel!
I got the zucchini and feta platter, which also came with hummus and pita and a salad. I enjoyed the dish, although I got bored of the zucchini after a while. I thought everything had good flavor.
The decor of the restaurant is nice. Good comes out quickly, so a nice pick for an office lunch. Service was just one waiter and it got slower as our meal went on so it took a bit to get our check, but overall very nice. Wouldn't mind coming back for another quick office lunch!This place is sucks, the service is also sucks, very expensive, food do not have taste at all, I ordered Homos and falafel combo, the taste very smellier to anything except Homos and Falafel, and Also I order Tea with ment, it was horrible. Beside all that we order desert called Konafeh, and they bring to us totally different desert and they insist it's what we order.
while we are there, there was a big group of student, they had another bad experience like they missed up with there bills and there order.
we were 4 people, we had bad experience and we do not recommend anyone to go there, I'm not sure how this kind of restaurant can service tell now with this kind of service.I have been going to Sahara Grill since it was opened back in 1999 (or 2000). It is my go-to place for better flavored middle-eastern food, its not as bland as the other restaurants with the same genre and cuisine. I almost always order the mixed grill platter and I have almost never been disappointed. The service is very polite, very pleasant, the space is in the pure heart of Philadelphia downtown which makes it even more convenient and there's a paid parking right across.
I have to say, that since going to this place for so many years, I've noticed the quantity has decreased with the skewers but the food still tastes great. Their new white sauce is not as impressive, tastes like sour cream (maybe that's exactly what it is) but if you ask for the spicy green sauce, that really adds more flavor if you needed it. 
Overall, my family and I love to dine here at least once in 2 months whenever we are visiting Philadelphia. I highly recommend it.One of the best Falafels in town. Great service.. and quick for those who want take-out.
Get the falafel with hummus and feta cheese sandwich! 
Comparable to Saad's, Hummus, and Maoz but all 4 are very different.  This place is great to sit and eat with family as well. There are entirely too many places in the city trying to serve up falafels and only a few are worthy of a good review.. this would be one.Some of the best Midddle Eastern food in the city at great prices. You can't go wrong with any of the sandwiches or entree dishes. Everything is seasoned to perfection and large servings. Great for dinner or lunch. Outstanding!Very good food and service. 4 stars as we had to wait for a table to be cleaned and the item we ordered was not very well described. Other than that, the food was very tasty!Rating: 4.5 stars cost adjusted
Review: For what we paid, dinner was really good. We had great appetizers and the kebabs for main course were a pleasure.
The decor is a bit shabby, so don't use this place to impress a date. Otherwise, good option. 
BYOB3.5 stars. I got take out. The service was fast and friendly. The humus was heavenly...buttery texture, tangy and bright. Nice presentation too. The chicken fatush salad was standard although the addition of grilled zucchini was a pleasant surprise. The salad was dressed lightly with olive oil and a mild dried spice blend. I would order it again but it's nothing special. I'll definitely go back for the humus...it is just wonderful!Ok food. Prices are high. Place needs a good cleaning. One of the workers was telling me he knows me from somewhere or that i look familar? Weird. To many other and better places to make me ever wanna come back here.I was disappointed by the tough, fatty lamb. Not baa-aad but not good either.Best shawarma chicken I ever haaad ! 
The fries with onions and jalapeños is the bombFood was perfect, meat tender and delicious. Falafel perfectly crispy on the outside. Grilled veggies perfectly flavorful and grilled to perfection. (;
The staff kindly helped me figure out what to order and let me substitute items to meet my picky needs and desire for variety.  Portions perfect.  :)The food is okay nothing gonna blow ur mind and nothing gonna make u pissed but the " tea with mint " didnt taste like mint and it was warm not hot 
The place is dead from the inside and outdated 
The waiter acted like he hated his job so bad 
Gosh .... Smile or  just say something nice man
Its costumer service 101 
Nobody seated us we sat by ourself and i asked the manager should i set here he didn't even answered me  . Simply it runs by amateurs 
The bathrooms are dirty and not working 
The hallway seems like its gonna take u to the halloween castle 
Seats are ripped and was a black tape on them
I wont recommend it and not coming back to pay a 100 $ for this kind of service 
If u want a good middle eastern food in philly 
Check the turkish place at 3ed and southHad the mixed grill platter and it was delicious, it came with a variety of meat, pita bread, salad, grilled veggies and rice! Waitstaff was very friendly, they weren't the fastest but it was fine because we weren't in a hurry. Atmosphere was ok. If your looking hungry for middle eastern it's definitely worth checking out!AMAZING. 
Their sandwiches are fresh and delicious! You can choose from a variety of meats (lamb, chicken, beef), and to add another kick to your meal, you can pay a little more to make it "lebanese." The flatbread that holds the sandwich is crispy and chewy at the same time.
I tried their lemonade and mint tea. The lemonade tastes very fresh and not too sweet. Their mint tea is just that: mint tea. No frills or covers.
If I lived in Philadelphia, I would probably come here every week...Almost all of the negative comments are from foodies trying to show show off. Me and my wife having been coming here for ages and we've never had a bad meal.I first stumbled on Sahara Grill a few months back when my friend and I went looking for somewhere to eat dinner after failing to get a table at Barbuzzo and have been coming back ever since.
Sahara Grill is an unassuming hole in the wall with delicious yet  unpretentious and affordable Lebanese food. Casual vibe with laminated menus and plastic cups, but the food is great!
The Grape Leaves and Hummus are both must tries. For an entree, go with a Shish Kebab platter or the Moussaka - you won't be sorry! The mint tea is also a must have.When the middle eastern food cravings hit, this is the place to go. Never had a dish i didn't like and usually am able to bring leftovers home with me. Highly recommend getting multiple plates to share so you're able to try a variety of items from the menu.They had one of the best hummus I have tasted.  The people were nice. The meals are huge and fulling. I ordered the falafel with hummus and feta and it was delicious. The falafel wasn't too dry, the pita bread wasn't too chewy and everything was just good about it. I also had iced tea which is nothing to write about. I should have gone for the Mango Yougrt drink instead. 
The only things that bothered me and my friends was the loud Arabic news channel they were playing and it was bit too hot in there. 
But all in all cheap and good, full-filling meal.Average quality with tiny portions! I had the beef Shawrma and my buddy had the chicken, we both thought that our portions were small. The taste is not bad but it's not the best. The restaurant itself is a bit old and needs renovation. I was in Philly for a couple of days only so I didn't have the time to try other restaurants, but I'm pretty sure this isn't the best you can get there. I dropped about $20 for an entree and a drink, so it's super expensive.Hands down the best Middle Eastern food in Philly.  The creamy hummus is amazing and the lamb schawarmas are to die for.  I absolutely love this place and eat there one a week.So impressed! This place has the best dolmas I have ever tasted -perfectly balanced mint and creamy rice- and serve delicious food all around (I have only tried their vegetarian options, so can't speak for their meats).My boyfriend and I absolutely fell in love with this quaint, undiscovered restaurant. We went on a Saturday evening and the restaurant was not even close to busy. The menu was fairly inexpensive, as lebonese food should be, but they have a great dinner deal for 2. Two complete dinners for $50. The service was impeccable and the food was delivered to the table in record time. Our favorite dishes were the hummus, baba ganoush, and the falafel. I am not a falafel fan, but their's is fantastic. It's a BYOB, but they will provide you with cute little wine glasses. This is now our favorite restaurant! ;)A very nice surprise in downtown Philly. Really good food, family run restaurant. Very fresh tasting. We had the mixed grill (chicken, lamb and kafta), which came with Lebanese rice, grilled vegetables and garlic sauce. We also tried the tabbouleh salad, hummus, mixed pickle and faol.  I would recommend!3.5 atars for food - I gave it 3 - because it's just not THAT wonderful.  I had eggplant salad and a falafel platter.  Good - but not as good as Mama's.  Will elaborate more later. (Pressed for time.)We were in the area for a day (from NY) and decided to lunch at this place! The environment is very nice and inviting and the food is pretty good too! We got Sahara fries, hummus with lamb, mixed grill and a shawarma sandwich. I used to live in the Middle East and have had my fair share of shawarmas. This one is pretty good out of the ones I have had in the US. The portion sizes are pretty good too. We had leftovers! While it says its a Lebanese restaurant, I dont understand why there is an additional fee to make the shawarma "lebanese" style...Other than that, its pretty solid food. IF we are in the area again, we will definitely revisit!So yummy. Mixed Grill Platter was excellent. Baba Ghanouj rocks. I can't wait to go back.I was looking forward for some good middle Eastern food, but Sahara Grill was just mediocre.
When I stepped into the restaurant at around 1pm, nobody greeted me. It was my first time here and I wasn't sure if I was allowed to seat myself or not, so I stood by the entrance hoping to make eye contact with the waiter who was sitting in the back with an open laptop. He seemed to be pretty engrossed in his laptop, and so I gave up and sat myself. Still nothing. I thought I was doing something wrong, so I walked up to the waiter and then he finally told me, "If you're not taking out, just sit."
Pretty rude, I thought. But oh well. Maybe he was busy doing... taxes. I don't know.
So I ordered the Kafta Kabob when he finally decided to come over and hand me the menu. The food was just okay. My sandwich was overwhelmed with lettuce. Way too much. The ratio between lettuce and meat was probably something like 8:2, and I had to search for the meat amidst the crunchiness of the leaves. However,when I did find the meat, I realized that the meat was well seasoned, so it's pretty disappointing how they failed to be more generous with it.The food is always good here. I have only ordered lunch but am looking forward to coming here for dinner.I have been to the Sahara Grill two times. The first time I had the Shwarma, and the second time I had the Falafel with Hummus. Both were good, thoroughly filling, and under $8.00.Good selection, easy location, decent prize.  What's to complain about?
Seems like a great place for vegetarians, even unintentional ones!  I ordered a beef kabob wrap and struggled to get through the whole salad that had also been crammed in with!Hands down best middle eastern food in town!! Friendly family owned authentic food and the owner is very down to earth, he made sure that we were taken care of. We had a little chat and it was clear that he is very passionate about his establishment. I am from the Middle East and the kefta here is just as good as the kefta I had in Lebanon.This is our go to place for fresh lebanese food. The best dish on the menu is actually several: the combination of appetizers and grilled meats. Its about $50 for 2 people  but so worth it.  The yogurt drinks are also very good.I've had both the chicken shwarma sandwich and the platter.  Both are delicious.  I also love their hommus.  I eat here almost every time I come to Philly.  Service is average, decor is dated, but I come for the food and leave satisfied.Great food and atmosphere. The shawarma was great. Reasonably priced in the heart of Philadelphia.  I definitely go here again when I'm in Philadelphia.Best falafel and hummus sandwich around. I'm not sure i'd have dinner here, but it's a great spot for a yummy lunch.The food and service was great!!! Will be dining here again soon! The hummus was  delicious and the beef kebabs were on point!Short & sweet - I go to this place once a week. My favs are the chicken salad and the falafel platter. I don't go for the service or ambiance which is just "eh/fine" - but yummy all the same.I went to the Sahara Grill today for lunch. I had the Chicken Shish Taouk, which was grilled chicken, garlic, lemon, olive oil, Tahini sauce, spices, and some other veggies. It was excellent. The chicken was done just right and was crammed full of flavor. The spice blend used in the sandwich was also pretty awesome.
The food seems reasonably-priced, but the portions are a little on the small side, at least in my opinion. The service left a little to be desired, as it seemed pretty slow at times. I'm going to give them the benefit of the doubt though and assume that it was a combination on understaffing and the lunchtime rush.
Overall, definitely worth a visit. I myself will definitely be returning.Great food! The restaurant decor is...basic, but who cares when the food is this tasty! One of the better kabobs I've had anywhere!I found this place on Yelp because I was looking for something a little different. I had the stuffed grape leaves platter. I loved the grape leaves! They were amazing! It comes with a small salad, hummus, and a pita. The hummus was very good as well. I also asked for an iced tea. I was very surprised at how good it was. It's a mint tea and very flavorful. I will definitely come back again!Verdict : Shut up and go eat their shawarma! 
The place is clean and the prices for the sandwiches are good. It's filling and tastes great. Service was nice and the food came out quick!This Lebanese restaurant was fresh and delicious and very reasonably priced. The service was weak but I am overlooking that because my lunch companion got a phone call from overseas and kept shooing the waiter away for our first 10 or 15 minutes. I can't blame him for later inattentiveness.On average, this was a 3 star experience. 
The good: food was excellent. I had one of the best greek salads there--I ate every last bit of substance on my plate and pretty much drank the rest of the dressing.  I also enjoyed the tabouleh salad because the main star was parsley instead of wheat, so a nice healthy twist to it. Other people who got entrees and dessert seemed to have really enjoyed their food as well. I give the food 4 stars.  
The bad: There was only one waitress working. It's never good when all I wanted to start off was a glass of water, and it takes her 40 minutes to bring out two pitcher. We had 12 people there, and those pitchers were only enough for 5 of us. It took her another 20 minutes to bring out 2 more pitcher of water. We were waiting to order for a good 20 minutes... she just kept ignoring us! Then when our food came out, she forgot what I had ordered.. They also wouldn't split the bill. Service is 2 stars or less.Love this place.
Although the service might not be great, and for that the price of the food is a little on the expensive side, I crave sahara grill. And their chicken platter.
It's a good middle eastern cuisine at a good location.  Their stuffed grape leaves were good, pretty generic.
I love how they gril their chicken.  It's not too dry and not burnt and perfeclty done.  They also grill some vegetables--a nice touch.
The salad is very good as well.
The rice is sometimes way too moist and I get a little turned off by the texture, but the spices involved in it is very good.
Try this place out if you want good middle eastern food! There aren't many others around the area that make good chicken!best food EVER! sharwamas are the best. Outstanding! Great servers. My favorite is the chicken or lamb shawarma Lebanese style. The humus with beef is quite delicious as well. I've been going to this restaurant for about 7 years, they are warm, friendly and very reasonable. Everyone I take there loves itI visited Sahara for a late lunch with my family and it was well worth it.
we all enjoyed the food ,the meat was honestly well cooked and very tender ,chicken was juicy and the rice was so testy.
The staff were very kind.
Overall a great place to sit and enjoy a good meal.All of the dishes here are delicious, prepared well and the ingredients are fresh. Every time I come, I order something different and I'm always pleased with my meal. The service is quick and friendly too!Excellent value and location. Food was very tasty, never crowded. Definitely returningThe Chicken Greek salad is a joy! One of the most reasonable places for lunch in Center City with really good food and nice service.They lied about fresh pita here. The newspaper article outside claimed they served fresh oven baked. I asked the lady. She claims she does not speak English but apparently also stated, in English, that the pita was fresh.  Fresh from the bag that is.
The food is anyway horrible. Atmosphere is bad, and the service is worse. The fellow who took our order reeked of smoke, and the woman who served me (who lied earlier) who "could not speak English" was rude. If I had the opportunity I would not return.Three of us went for a Saturday evening dinner around 6PM.  One of us received the ordered entree.  The other two entrees arrived  30 minutes later.  This in not acceptable in any way!  When we asked our waiter about our order, he did not speak English.   I would never dine there again nor would I recommend this very poor excuse for a restaurant.Three stars only because I have yet to branch out beyond the delicious hummus. 
This place is around the corner from my job and when I need a quick snack, I go right to Sahara for some hummus and pita. You can tell that it's freshly made and they always drizzle it with some olive oil before packing it up so I can take it back to the office.  They're also very generous with giving me some extra pita slices.My husband and I were going for a play in Philadelphia last Saturday and thought it would be a good opportunity to try out this restaurant.  We got there at around 7pm and told the attendant that we needed to get done with dinner promptly as we were attending a show.  We also requested a booth, it just needed to get cleaned up.  She however, said that booth was reserved for 'these people' as she gestured to them at the waiting area.  We thought she meant to say booths were for more than 2 people.  She seated us on a small table for 2 instead.  We put in our orders right away.  The food came pretty quick, but the rice that came with my entrée was lukewarm and I requested our server to warm it up little more.  The lamb dish that my husband ordered was more disappointing as every piece of the meat had too much fat.  As we were eating, we noticed that the booth that we had requested for earlier was actually unoccupied, 'those people' were seated elsewhere.  Then a couple walked in and got seated in that booth.  2 other booths were also occupied by couples.  It looked like, after all, 2 people could also have a booth.  Why didn't she let us have the booth in the first place especially when we requested for it?  She knew it was our first time dining there, she could have been nicer to new customers.Came in for a lunch-time sandwich. SO GOOD.  I ordered the chicken shish sandwich. So big. So good. So yummy. So tender chicken!
I really like that you can sit down and eat with your own wine and what not or you could just chill and have a quick sandwich.  The place is not pretentious and it has some damn good food.  Also, to serve ~15 people is no joke all at once.
Good service. Great tasting food. BYOB. Definitely coming back again.Healthy, fresh, reliable.  In a nice, unpretentious atmosphere. 
In all the years I've lived in or visited Philly, this place has been slightly empty, with eager, charming waitstaff, plentiful mint tea and fresh food at bargain prices. I used to get the meat platters, but the sandwiches, falafel and baba are delicious too. Every time I visit, I'm afraid the restaurant will have disappeared. But no.I can't believe I just tried this place after working across the street for over a year. After scoping yelp for a place to score some falafel, I called in an order for a falafel sammie with hummus and feta cheese. I walked right over and within 5 minutes, my order was ready, $6.50.
My sandwich was STUFFED with amazing, delicious falafel and hummus. Never have I been so satisfied. Upon walking in the restaurant, it smells great and the staff is friendly. 
This is now my go-to spot for falafel. I'm so happy I found it!Good food. Kafta kabob was very good as was the falafel but the slow service was a serious drawback. Just getting that first glass of water was tough let alone refills.For you California folks, this reminds me of La Med in SF/Berkeley and Rosine's in Anaheim Hills.
We were one of two parties when we entered, but this was at 2:30 on a Sunday afternoon (football games, anyone?). This was in no way indicative of the food quality, which was sooo good. I ordered the kafta kabob entree, while my fiance ordered the Shawarma sandwich, both after some baba gannouj (my favorite). I didn't try his sandwich, but I made him try my kabob, to which he said mine was better. SCORE!
I could rave about how amazing the food is, but I suggest you go and try it yourself! :)Not so pleasing from the outside which decreases your appetite even before you enter. 
The inside doesn't paint any different picture. Menu's were rusty, old and stapled at so many places that it barely stayed together.
The people are not amiable in the least. I was planning to get a platter and asked the server what all it included. He told me that I could replace the side salad with fries or hummus if I desired so. After he came back in sometime to actually take the order, I did ask him to get the platter with chicken with side of hummus. To this he started making faces and said he could not do that nor could he do fries. 
I ended up ordering the side salad instead of creating a fuss abt it but to my utter surprise I didn't even get the salad when the dish actually arrived. 
Very disappointed with the whole experience.
Chicken is good and well cooked but small on quantity for the price.Food was amazing! Juice (guava, orange juice) was freshly squeezed and tasted good! The waiter attitude could have been better, perhaps smile more.This is the best Schwarma I've ever had. Delicious, juicy, rich. Rice was fantastic. Everything just perfect. Go there now.Loved everything - huge portions.  Baba ganoush could have had more eggplant and garlic, but maybe just my taste.  Mixed kabob nice, kofti a little dry but nicely spiced, chicken juicy and flavorful, lamb delicate flavor, beef meh.  Vegetables and couscous with couscous chicken were outstanding, fatoush pleasantly dressed.  Will be back and recommend to friends.  Very jovial, accomodating waiter, food came out quickly.If for whatever reason you wondered where the Middle Eastern John Stamos worked, well this is the place. He just might be your waiter. He makes makes my mom coo and I didn't know if that was possible any more. But hold on, this place isn't just about some hot faux Stamos gawkin, the food is cooing induced as well. 
Start out with a glass of iced mint  Moroccan tea, then get belly up with the mixed grill. You have falafel, hummus, pita, lamb, chicken, beef, and some baklava to complete the meal. The mixed grill plates for two, come hungry and enjoy.Food was good, service was ok, atmosphere was poor.
trans friendly- I could aticipate problems but experienced noneI love this place. I come for take out for lunch at least once a week. I'm not a vegetarian but I always get the Zucchini Platter. It's always fresh and covered with their amazing spices. They make my favorite hummus in the city.Sahara Grill has slowly and reliably become one of my favorite restaurants in the city. Although the interior isn't anything fancy, it's comfortable, clean, and inviting. The food is what really makes Sahara Grill shine. Faves are chicken shish taok, mint tea, and the Moussaka is to die for: like a huge, oil-laden eggplant steak, topped with meat and pine nuts, along with generous portions of salad, pita, rice and veggies. I keep coming back to this place again and again.just a generic, runt of the mill middle eastern restaurant. Not worth going out of the way forI don't know how I lived in Philadelphia for over two years never having been to this place, but I recently tried Sahara for dinner for the first time and have a new favorite for middle easten food in Philadelphia!   Wonderful service, very reasonable prices (2 plates + diet coke + tip was $30), and very satisfying portions. 
 My companion and I couldn't decide--the bottom line was that she wanted hummus--so we decided to share two plates.  One was a chicken kabob dish that came with grilled veggies, salad, and herbed rice, the other was a falafel platter that came with hummus, tahini, raita-like yogurt, salad, and lots of pita.
We were blown away.  The salad was delicious--it was mixed with what had to be a mix of lemon juice and drizzle of olive oil and some herbs, but it was definitely fresh and not heavy at all.  Both platers were delicious, and their falafel is some of the best I've tried in Philly.  There was more than enough food, to the point that we didn't even touch the rice.    
And even though we left stuffed, we didn't feel gross or heavy afterwards since the food wasn't greasy (not even the falafel).  This place definitely left an impression because my sister and I couldn't shut up about how yummy dinner was at the movie we went to that night, or even at brunch the next day.
Will definitely go back.  It's apparently BYOB, so I guess I'll be packing wine then as well  :)Philadelphia is an amazing town. What makes it amazing is its culture, love for arts and amazing variety of foods available. 
On my recent trip to discover Philadelphia I came across Sahara. It was late and I decided to take the meal home to share with my family. I ordered Kibeh, Falafel, Hummus, Kafta Kabab and Beef Shawarma with rice and salads. The person who took my order was friendly and told me it will be about ten minutes.
I waited outside the restaurant and took some pictures of the downtown area and a man playing his saxophone on a street corner. The weather was beautiful and the evening was just right. I picked up my food, stopped a cab and went back to the apartment I was renting in Chinatown. The ride took about 5 minutes.
The food was hot and fresh. The Hummus was really good. Falafels were hot and fresh. (This won me over as most of the restaurants who sell falafel sell some reheated, refried version and that really sucks!).  Kafta kababs were tender and moist. The only thing I didnt like was probably Kibeh but everything else was made to the order and tasted very fresh. I would probably give them 5 stars if they had fresh bread as some mid-eastern restaurants do. My order came up with a bag of store-bought pita bread. 
Overall, great food, great location, great service.A perfectly serviceable middle eastern place for an affordable and casual meal.  There were real problems with some of the dishes (I didn't like the hummous very much, and the falafel was off somehow) but service was friendly and quick, and we more or less enjoyed what we had.  Order the Sahara combo mezze platter for a nice start to the meal.This place is a great hole in the wall, you'll miss it if you're not looking for it restaurant.  I love the spices that they use in their foods!  My favorites are the chicken salad (HUGE portions) with extra grilled vegetables, hummus (of course) and any of the kebabs, which are generously served with rice and veggies.  Delicious!So out of all the Mediterranean places I came to eat out in Philadelphia this by far is TOP notch. Your treated by the owner I came yesterday and he remembered me. So not only do you get a great greeting you are also remembered if you come again. And the food of course is cooked right and better then places even back in Chicago defiantly recommend this little place. You won't be disappointed. Get the mixed grill !!!! AmazingDidn't give a 5th star only because I had a light lunch here, although I wish I had a full meal.  The menu is simple, with all the delicious middle eastern specialties you would expect.  Wanting only a light lunch I ordered mint tea and hummus with ground lamb.  The service was prompt and polite, bringing me another cup of tea before I finished.  The hummus was wonderful.  Homemade, creamy, and flavorful.  The ground lamb was perfectly seasoned, adding another layer of flavor to the dish.  Eaten with fresh warm pita, of course, the dish was just enough to satisfy my cravings.  I'll be stopping by again when I'm in Philly next... And with a bigger appetite!oh HELL yes!   
I can't believe I've not been to this place before yesterday.  I was hanging out watching soccerball with a drunk Man United supporting scum friend of mine and we did our  "been drinking let's get a curry" thing (only I was working and sober but still tradition is tradition).  We passed the Sahara Grill on the way to get us a curry and decided to stop in. 
Oh Man Oh Man Oh Man.  We both got stuffed vine leaves and a Shawarma sandwich.  The vine leaves were warm, which I thought made them taste a bit more like you're eating leaves but they were delish.    The Shawarma kebab though.  OMG OMG--sersiously haven't had something like that on this side of the ocean--reminded me of my mispent youth and late night Kebab runs in the garden of Mancunia.  It only would have been better if it was on Naan instead of Pita but I'm not complaining.  
All told we spent 16 bucks apiece for a fully satisfying meal.   How the hell did I not go in here before?Love this place. Been going for years. Food is amazing clean and healthy. I think I'll go tonightI went here by myself for dinner. Service was consistent, but the food did not meet my expectations.
Here is what I got: 
Spicy lentil soup was too watery; if I hadn't known, I couldn't have guessed the soup had lentil in it.
The mixed grill sandwich was okay--and it's dramatically less expensive than the platter. I wish all the kebabs were on top of pita, with a small salad on the side, so that it added more excitement to the Middle Eastern cuisine experience.We can always count on a quick, reasonably priced dinner at Sahara Grill near Avenue of the Arts. We love the hummus and shish kebab, but I don't understand why they bother to serve an American style salad with romaine, and rice with every platter, neither of which seems very authentic. But it feels like a family restaurant, the wait staff is so nice, and the food is fresh.The wife and I were walking around this area at night a little while ago, and stumbled upon this place. It was completely forgettable.
Most places you remember only if they are really excellent or the exact opposite. This place was neither. It was OK - in every respect.
The service, it was OK. Definitely a time or two when I needed something and had to wait longer than what I thought was reasonable.
The food, it was OK. Not the best, not the worst. Tasty, but nothing special. My mind was not blown. The kibbe shell was a lot thicker than I liked. Wasn't served with lemon. Had to ask, and wait. Portions were OK.
The devor, it was OK. Certainly not run down or bad or anything. Nicer than a lot of my favorite restaurants. But yeah, just OK.
So I won't be back most likely. I don't spend much time in that area, and there are so many options down there, so I'll probably check something else out next time.Even though there's a lot of meat on the menu (and I'm told it's good), I like the vegetarian options here. The hummus is great, as are the french fries (served with fried onions), the spinach-and-feta pie, and the stuffed grape leaves. 
It's a great little lunch place -- it's usually busy, but you never have to wait to get a table. Plus, the weekday-lunch decibel levels are always manageable, even for those of us with quieter voices.4.6 stars. The hummus was very smooth and tasted fresh. It may have been the best I have ever had. The chicken shish kabob was well-seasoned and perfectly cooked. The spicy lentil soup was quite good. My friend's shwarma was dry and the baklava was small.Great hummus, baba ganoush, and falafel. Went there with family a while ago. It's convenient (a block off Broadway), near shopping and the Arts, and inside it's clean - with good food at a reasonable price. Definitely worth the time and money. I'll go back.Sahara Grill is unassuming in its decor, but it's a solid Middle Eastern/Mediterranean restaurant in Center City, Philadelphia. I've been here a half dozen times or so for sit down meals and another half dozen to pick up lunch orders.  First, they have the best, smoothest, rich hummus of all the restaurants I've visited.  It's $5 for the hummus and pita to go.  Try it, and you'll probably go back for more. 
As far as the food goes, I love their falafel sandwiches, baba ganouj, and kibbi (ground meat, pine nuts, and seasonings inside a crispy fried wheat shell.  The foul madames is like the hummus (atypical as the fava beans used to make it are typically whole in places like Egypt), and it's also tasty.  But, if you're looking for a full sized meal, you should try the chicken shish taouk or the shwarma.  Both are seasoned well and bring tons of flavor.  
The bottom line: I'll be back for the hummus definitely, and hopefully for a sit down dinner in the near future.All the food we had was very good, all very unique in flavor and even the complimentary salad was good. The rice could have been hotter when it came out, but was above average rice. All this at modest downtown prices, yet the place is dimly lit enough to pull off a date atmosphere.
Had the hummus app, mixed kabob, and chicken shawarma.Wow what a crispy tasty felafel platter with fresh vegetables. A calm small homey restaurant that I am glad is in my neighborhood!Have picked up lunch for my coworkers and myself here several times. The food's always ready and the order is always accurate, the (most importantly) it's all fresh, tasty and well-priced. The employees are very friendly and a pleasure to do business with. 
Definitely a staple pick-up spot for us during lunchtime. All the sandwiches I've had have been great, and are large enough to save half for dinner (if you have enough control not to eat it all at once!). My go-to choice is the chicken shish taouk sandwich Lebanese style, but they're really all good.Delicious!! My mom and I went here for a late lunch, I had the vegetarian zucchini and feta entrée, SO good, you don't even miss the meat!!! We ordered the cucumber and yogurt salad and the Foul (fava beans) -- out of this world. Truly. The turkish coffee was a great way to end the meal. Thanks for a great visit while in Philly!Excellent! Had baba ganouj, lamb kabob, carrot juice followed by tea.  Baba Ganouj was very very good. Lamb was perfectly seasoned and succulent.  Very simply presented, honest good food!My mixed grill platter was super yummy.  The spices on the grilled vegetables and the rice were very distinct and tasteful.  The server would not give up the type of spices used, but it was definitely unique.  My meat, lamb, chicken, steak and Kafti did not disappoint.  Juicy, tender and well seasoned.  Would definitely recommend this place.I have been going to Sahara Grill for the past 4 years and have enjoyed each experience.  The food is consistently good, although I have to admit that I get one of the kabob platters (usually the lamb) every time.  I keep saying that I'm going to branch out and try some of the other items, but when I get there, I just crave the lamb kabobs too much!
The atmosphere is casual, but I've never had problems having a conversation in there.  I love little byobs, but they tend to be kind of loud for me sometimes.  Maybe it's the acoustics, but I've never had that problem at Sahara.
The service is terrific.  The wait staff, while being small, is incredibly efficient.  There is a guy who I think is either the owner or manager who helps when things get busy.  If Sahara isn't a family business, it sure runs like one; everybody seems to just help out where they are needed.
It seems to me that business for them has gotten better and better over the past few years.  I hope that's true!  They certainly deserve it.I'm really surprised at all of the ho-hum reviews for this place. The food is great. I recommend the tabbouleh and hummus with meat. Fantastic! The service is slow, so call ahead or pack your patience. It's worth the wait.The hummus here is really very good! I tasted the first falafel I have ever had in my life here and it was pretty darn good. I would love to come back here again if I get a chance.I need a sixth star is there one. this place is fantastic people working in there are respectfull and friendly. Awesome.this place is fantastic, if you enjoy mediterranean style cuisine.  It's a casual, low-key dine in, which was fine with me.   Prices were reasonable and service was good.
The meat hummus and eggplant salad were really tasty apps. I ordered the lamb shish (platter), which was cooked perfectly. I would definitely return again!The majority of complaints about Sahara Grill are about slowness, and I admit the speed is hit and miss. But the food is always tasty, especially the lamb shish kabob and the spinach pie. 
Great prices, too.
I recommend the fresh carrot juice or fresh orange juice even though you might not think that goes with dinner. So, so good.
Yes, sometimes the waiter is busy texting rather than serving, or sometimes it's a busy girl who has to deal with ten tables on her own, so I would be prepared for less than speedy service. But it's good, damnit.
Now, if we can just get customers to exit the double doors properly (i.e. don't hold them both open in the dead of winter) it'll be even better.
We've been going for years and years, and will continue to do so.
Visa or MC, No Amex.Came in with a group of 9 people, small place about 12 tables, so we kind of took up a third of the restaurant. Services were good, but food in general was okay. I've had better middle eastern food else where. The dishes that had grilled meat tasted better then the other dishes that were vegetarian. Very affordable prices at $9-$15 and its byob.Delicious falafel, hummus, babaganouj, etc.  I haven't found falafel I like so much anywhere else and the prices are really good, too.
Service, on the other hand is pretty bad, but having grown up in Philadelphia, I don't really mind!Fresh, tasty and very good. Restrooms need better cleaning and a new paint job.Excellent food! The garlic dip is so delicious so getting ready for some burning lips since this is the real thing! My platter was full of great spices and all white chicken breast! We'll be back for sure!food is so so, portions are small and it is definitely overpriced. 
Whether it was lunch or dinner, we  never spent less than $25 per head
 for a small plate.
Too much considering this place is quite simple and service is very slow.Moved to Philly in July! I've been looking for a good shawarma sandwich, since I've tried a lot of other places. I have to say I really loved theirs. Wasn't exactly like back homes but pretty good! It's a decent sized sandwich for what your paying. I've ordered two different times, and my first time was Better because someone gave it a little toast under the griddle. 2nd time I went, for some reason it wasn't toasted. I guess I should ask!I'm a big fan of their Kafta Kabob platter. Although it is a bit inconsistent at times I find the meat to be perfectly cooked where the meat is juicy and moist whereas other times the meat is dry and overcooked. I feel that they never go wrong with the grilled veggies that come with it, its always delicious. The rice that comes in the platter has sliced pieces of almonds in it, which gives it a nice crunchy touch to the rice. I love getting their chutney to top off my kabob it gives the kabob that extra kick. Their pita bread seems to be store bought...and even the few times we ordered take out they would just put the pita bread in the packaging they bought it in. So most definitely the pita bread is not made in-house. Overall a great place to go, and I love their portions always enough for leftovers.I ordered some take-out from here during a busy work day. There was some confusion about my order when I first walked in. However, it was addressed & resolved quickly. I ordered tabouli & hummus with pita bread.
Wow ! The flavors were absolutely wonderful. It tasted very authentic. I definitely, will order take-out from here more often. I am also interested in visiting for dinner. 
Sahara Grill is a smaller restaurant. When I first walked in there were tables to the left and right of me. The kitchen and register where you pick up your food is in the back. I felt rude walking across the restaurant where there were dining patrons eating.
However, that is the restaurant layout & kind of gives it a cozy, intimate feel.Not a bad place, was there for dinner with friends this past Saturday. I ordered the Lamb kebab sandwich, and some of the morsels were really tough to chew. Otherwise, it was pretty good, along with the hummus appetizer.
Also, try out the pitcher of lemonade for $4.50. It was good, but also very sweet. Surprisingly, it also had no bite to it as other citrus beverages do.
Definitely worth a shot.My boyfriend and i discovered this gem on a random search for lunch! Let me start by saying the food is  excellent! Fresh high quality ingredients! The atmosphere is casual and has a "family" flavor.  Friendly warm and welcoming! The decor is nice the music " sexy" and calming! 
     I would recommend this shop even to those who are not familiar with Middle Eastern cuisine.  Try the hummus with meat! It's delicious and the presentation was unique!  If i could give the sahara another star , i would!Had the shawarma Lebanese style sandwich, it was delicious! Great flavor, good price, decent portions. Atmosphere was nice and wait staff were nice.I've only had lunch here, but each time the food has been really good.  The manager is also a really nice guy, we talk every time I stop by. The restaurant is a decent size with booths lined up along the walls and some tables in the middle. I've eaten in the dining room a couple of times, but I usually just get a falafel to-go.This place is so delicious. It's the best grilled chicked greek salad I ever had. The cooks are seasoning masters ... everything we order is seasoned to perfection. I eat from this place every chance I get. Definitely a must try.Awesome place had recently become a vegan and they had an awesome grilled veggie platter. And the hummus was great and oh yeah the fresh carrot juice was so goodBy far my favorite restaurant in the city. You must get the middle eastern combo platter.I absolutely love this place!  My dad always said that one way to judge whether an ethnic restaurant makes good food or not is to see whether or not people of that ethnicity eat there.  Every time I come in here, there are plenty of Middle Eastern families, groups of friends and couples eating, and the food is amazing.  It's completely unpretentious, and inexpensive considering the quality of food.  Everything is flavorful and the waiter is so cute!  I was surprised to find such a great little family restaurant in the middle of center city, but I'm so glad it's there.Just got my first delivery from
Sahara Grill. I chose kibbeh under the section listed vegetarian and when the meal arrived, the stuffing looked like meat. I called the restaurant to verify and was rudely told by the manager, Mike, that the stuffing is ground beef and refused a refund ""since I didn't read the menu" (no description on the Postmates app, also listed under vegetarian on the Yelp app but with description). I won't ever order from there again. Greek salad is also subpar.My friends and I saw this place while walking around and thought it seemed appetizing (it smells amazing once you walk in). We ordered the grape leaves and the chicken shish kebab; I don't think I've ever been so disappointed by a restaurant before. The pita bread was nicely thin and warm and the chicken was tender and flavorful, but the rice lacked flavor and was mushy, the salad was barebones, and the grape leaves just had this off taste to them. The service was also extremely lackluster - the manager/head waiter was unfriendly, and we didn't receive our water until after we ordered food. I asked for pita from a waitress and since it was taking so long to arrive, I went to the kitchen/cashier to check on it and she had actually never put the order in, despite it not being a very busy time of evening. Very disappointed by this place - I'm not quite sure why it had so many Tripadvisor/Yelp stickers on the windows outside or so many great reviews here.The chicken kabob and the falafel were good but a little burnt. Biggest complaint is the decor...dingy and a little depressing. Place could be a little cleaner and brighter.Yikes. Sooo mediocre.  Salad had a piece of garbage in it. Literally, a tomato vine with a price sticker on it. In the salad!  Mish qais! Really half-hearted, no effort, I-give-up-and-have-no-more-passion-for-food level of quality.  Kibbeh was rock hard. Entrees served with giant plop of rice (to cut down on food cost?).  Middle eastern food is one of my favorite cuisines, but seriously I'd rather eat prepackaged hummus at home than come here again.Great food, good (speedy) service, great value, low key environment. 
My friend and I shared the Middle Eastern Combo, Shawarma Platter
And the Couscous with Chicken. The Middle Eastern Combo, which consists of a beautiful platter of hummus and baba, marinated mushrooms, carrots, eggplant, feta cheese, olives and tabbouleh came out within 5 minutes of ordering. The mushrooms were absolutely divine; hummous was smooth and creamy, and we were genuinely surprised at how good the carrots and feta were. Feta is one of those cheeses that is consistently good but easily forgotten until it shows up in some dish, and the combination of carrots and feta was perfect. The Middle Eastern Combo also comes with a good-sized basket of fresh baked pita that did not disappoint. 
The Shawarma platter consisted of really thin sliced rotisserie broiled lamb and beef, and the meats were so flavorful my tastebuds were dancing with glee. These guys really know how to make their lamb and beef! The Couscous with Chicken was also really good- the chicken was juicy and cooked just right. The vegetables that accompanied our dish were also very flavorful. 
Had an overall delightful meal. Definitely a low-key joint to hit up for middle eastern/ Lebanese food when a craving hits.This restaurant is inconspicuous in its location and decor, but I wanted to write a review because the food here is really stellar. I'm pretty addicted to the chicken shish taouk. I've tried many schwarma places (in this price range) in many different cities, but the food really stands out in this one. Every person I've taken there has seemed to have the same reaction-- I don't think you go in expecting anything special, but then you get very tasty food at a great price.This is a great little place to go for some really good Middle Eastern Cuisine. It's located on Walnut Street, right next to Broad, so it's also in a great location.
I've eaten here only twice, and once I got one of their chicen and rice dishes, the other time I got the sandwich with lamb, chicken, and beef. Both meals were suberb, and I even got my sandwich "Lebanese" style, which included french fries inside the sandwich!
The restaurant is BYOB, and it is rather small which means Fridays and Saturdays I am sure it gets packed. But anyone interested in trying something outside of the norm, come here and you won't be sorry.Very good if you're in the mood for middle eastern. I wouldn't say it wowed me, but it was fresh, fast, and delicious.Beat up dining room. Great grilled veggies. Good salad dressing. Decent kofta kebob. Rice is weirdly off target and takes away from the overall experience. Pitas were unexceptional. Good service. No real problems. Still, I'm unlikely to ever return.The description says home-made and it definitely tasted homemade. For apps, my party shared the Tabbouleh which was super yummy and refreshing at the same time. There was a lot of parsley but it wasn't overpowering at all. 
The complimentary pita bread is able to be stuffed like a pocket which is handy for apps and main courses.
My main course was the Kibbeh Platter, which I couldn't get enough of. It was like a meat version of falafal (with beef and lamb!). This platter came with hummus which is also very delicious, so I stuffed my pita bread with the Kibbeh, hummus,and the tabbouleh and I was in HEAVEN!
Another in my party had the lamb-kebab. It wasn't all that great, a little dry and the rice wasn't all that great either. 
Also, when we got our check, the prices for the individual meals weren't listed... I didn't complain, just paid the bill... I was too happy with my meal.I have been wanting to have some Middle Eastern food for a while and decided to finally wander into the Sahara Grill after work last night. I ordered Baba Ghanooj and Chicken taouk with mint tea.  The Bab Ghanooj had pretty good flavor and texture and the pita bread that came with it was fresh and moist. I would have liked to have some more pita bread, since I ended up with almost 1/2 a bowl of Baba Ghanooj.  The chicken taouk sandwich came in a pita bread wrap. Unfortunately it had a lot of iceberg lettuce stuffed in with the meat and stuffing.  The chicken meat did not have a lot of flavor to it as well.  I was disappointed to say the least. 
As for the service, it did take the waiter a while to take my order, which left my stomach rumbling.  The waiter and the cook had an argument at one point in an Arabic based language which did give some degree of authenticity. Still I would have rather had tasty food. 
In summary, bland food that isn't worth the price.Takeout for lunch from Sahara Grill hit the spot but I wasn't wow'ed.  Maybe because it was takeout.  Anyway, I ordered the chicken shish taouk sandwich; the flavors and quality of the chicken were great, but I thought it could've use a little more umph.  There was a yummy sauce but just not enough of it, especially considering it was loaded with iceberg lettuce. I'll give them another shot but definitely just "ok."I really liked this place and actually cannot wait to go back! The servers were so nice and the place was cozy. The kitchen is open so you can see everything being done. Made it tough to choose though because it all looked so good! I started with the lentil soup. I was disappointed when looking at it as it was broth like which isnt what I thought in my head but it was love at first sip. I cant explain how good the mixture of spices were! I also had the hummus and falafel sandwich - a very good choice. It was all filling and delicious.This place is one of the reasons why I love Middle Eastern Cuisine.  Wonderful flavors. A bit expensive but worth it. Perfect service. A Must-Try!
Specifically, I tried the Beef Kebab, which was stellar. The right amount of beef mixed with the sauce and veggies left me extremely satisfied. Very authentic.Sahara Grill is very delicious and the food is of great quality. The prices are fair, as well as the portions. I recommend you come when you want a great meal.This is a great find. The food is very real, fresh and delicious.  It's Lebanese "Home cooked" style in the best way. 
Started with the lentil soup which was more a broth than thick with lentils which I was very happy about. Adding some fresh lemon took it over the top
Had the  Middle Eastern combo as my main meal. The humus and Baba Ganouj was some of the best I've had (and I have tasted many). Even the carrots were great. It was very filling. 
Sue had the lamb kebab and that was also delicious with the lamb cooked perfectly so it practically melted in your mouth. The salad and other accompaniments were all equally fresh and tasty.
All so need to call out the Mango Yogurt drink which was velvety and not cloyingly sweet but delicious 
Wish we can find a Lebanese place this good back homeMy husband and I just tried this place for the first time. We have walked past many times but never noticed it. We got the chicken kabob and lamb kabob. Our friend got the shawarma platter. All of our meals were amazing. It came with a delicious Greek salad- very fresh! For dessert, we tried the signature Lebanese dessert- knafeh. We will definitely go back!!!My husband and I dine here for lunch on our Date Days!  We love their falafel, hummus, kibbeh and rice.  We could definitely dine here weekly if we lived nearby.  A definite gem!  The food is very good but the hospitality would benefit from improvement.  Much of the staff are not warm and welcoming.  If you love falafel, this is your place!Dropped in for a weekday lunch.  Service was a bit shaky but the falafel sandwich ranked up there with some of the best in the city and the hummus (with a touch of lemon) was sublime.  Prices were reasonable as well.How did I not know this place was so close? I have lived in Philadelphia for a little over a year and, in that time, I have been searching for a good Middle Eastern Restaurant. Being a good half-Lebanese girl, when I do actually cook it's often "old-country" food. However, the meat dishes tend to be kind of time consuming, so it doesn't happen all that often.
Anyway, the other day we had some friends in town(the wife's Lebanese, husband is American.) So, we decided to try a new restaurant. Both the Lebanese ladies (me being one) gave this place a thumbs up! We got the mezze platter-not sure what they called it. The hummus and baba ganoush were quite good. I was surprised! Usually I find that hummus in restaurants is too "tahiney and chickpea-ey" and not lemony enough. Not so.  I usually find restaurant tabouli to be a bit flavorless, but the tabouli was also good!. 
So, I will return next time I'm craving food from the old country. Shuk'ranI really enjoy this place. I've been three times now. It's usually a little slow and the owners are super accommodating and friendly. The perfect place to bring a bottle of wine, order a lot of relatively inexpensive food, and sit for a few hours to catch up. It isn't loud or pretentious and you're able to really focus on your dinner dates.Showed up on a Sunday afternoon and this place was EMPTY, but I could see how it'd be crowded on a weekday lunch. Service was prompt and the food was fantastic! Reminds me of the other great Mediterranean restaurants I've eaten at. The kafta (ground sirloin) was juicy and flavorful while their shawarma "sandwich" was more like a good sized burrito (ended up bringing half of it home for dinner). 
All in all, great restaurant, great surroundings, and prompt service. I'd definitely come here again, and its location is perfect for me.I really have no idea why my previous review was deleted, but after having eaten here over 10 times in the past year, I can still say that for the price, it's the best middle eastern food you'll get in the city. Sure, Zahav is wonderful, but you're looking at a wallet buster.
Having grown up with East Asian cuisine, I always had high expectations for rice. Their rice has something in it I'd like to call "magic." The combination of seasonings, texture, moisture content, and temperature is consistently perfection. Their vegetables are roasted well, and the meat always has just-more-than-enough salt to leave me craving more. I've come here alone, with a buddy, and with 9 friends, and every single time has been as good as the last.
Make sure that you shut the door behind you, as it doesn't close all the way by itself. Enjoy!This is a good place near Philly City Hall. I was in Philly on business and stayed at the Residence Inn near City Hall and this place was a quick walk from the hotel. They offer Lebanese food and is Lebanese owned. We ordered hummus and foul madammas. They came with pita bread. Foul was alright, hummus was fresh. My wife ordered chicken shawarma and I went with Couscous with chicken. The food was delicious - 4/5. 
I am cutting a half star for the shabby restroom. They need to re-work their restroom. 
In Summary - Food was great, restoroom was badGreat lunch here, generous portions and the service was very attentive.  Enjoyed both chicken fattoush salad and a schwarma sandwich at our table.  We were less impressed with the baba, good but not special.  Would return on next visit to Philly.Amazing food, and great service!! I highly recommend the mixed appetizer platter of baba ghanouj, hummus, tabouleh, and marinated mushrooms and eggplant. Everything is fresh and very flavorful.
Very attentive staff is cheerful and happy to cater to your requests. Love this place.Got stuck in downtown Philly during the blizzard of 2016 and happened upon this place. Some of the best if not the best middle eastern food we have ever eaten. The baba ganoush was delicious, the lamb kebab dinner was grilled perfectly and the falafel was the best my husband said he has ever eaten. And he's eaten a lot of falafel. Service was lovely. The only reason for four stars was that the decor needs an upgrade. We will definitely come here again the next time we are in town.Sahara Grill is a quaint little place right off the Walnut-Locust stop of the Broad Street Line.  We were seated immediately for lunch.  The menu isn't extensive, but there are definitely some tasty options.  I went for the Hommus and Feta Falafel Sandwich, which is actually a pita wrap.
The Sahara Ice Tea is iced tea that has minty flavors too it.  Refreshing, but probably won't get again.
The sandwich was really delicious and incredibly filling.  The falafel was perfectly crispy and bursting with flavor and had a lot of amazing textures with the hummus and feta.  This was definitely worth the price!
My only complaint with the place was that the waitress didn't fill our waters once even though we had gone through it before our meal even got there...but she may have assumed I didn't need it with the tea?  I had to ask for a glass after our meal was finished and it took a really long time for her to bring that and the check.
Will definitely be back!Stopped in here for dinner with my boyfriend on our way to a show. First the good:
The food was legitimately excellent. I had chicken shawarma, and he had chicken kebabs. Both were fantastic and came with a generous portion of deliciously seasoned rice and grilled vegetables. There was also some kind of spread with a ton of fresh garlic. I'm not 100% sure what it was, maybe goat cheese or yogurt, but it was amazing. You get a decent amount of food, and I was definitely full at the end of the meal. I also ordered us a side of stuffed grape leaves and they were excellent as well.
Now the not so good: first of all, the place is kind pricey. Not more so than what you'd find in the city I guess, but two entrees with just water and one side item was about $30. Second, on the menu, it says the entrees come with a salad and pita. We were brought one salad, albeit I guess kind of large, and one basket with just four quarters of pita in it. Now, I don't necessarily mind that they probably combined our salads into one larger salad, but I don't know, it seemed a little stingy to me. Also...four quarters of pita for two large entrees? Definitely skimpy. Especially at that price point. 
Lastly, when our entrees came out, our server came running back to our table and (very apologetically, granted) swapped my plate out for a different plate of shawarma. She explained hurriedly that she had given me the wrong one - the replacement plate had a yogurt sauce drizzled over the meat that the original didn't - and then proceeded to take my original plate and serve it another table. Now, my food wasn't affected, I had a fresh untouched plate, and I hadn't taken a bite yet, buuuuuut I had dug my fork into the rice and started stirring things up. The same fork I'd eaten my salad with. So...yeah. Kind of gross? Made me a little uncomfortable.
Anyway, the food was definitely delicious, but don't know if it was special enough to warrant a return trip given the drawbacks.I just experienced robbery by the owner.  A friend and I wanted a light meal, nothing too big, so we decided to stop in and split an entree and an appetizer - something normal people do at restaurants all over the world.  We aren't cheap, just didn't feel like downing 2,000 calories each.  
When presented with the check, we see an additional $8.00.  I ask if they accidentally added on a dessert or something, and the owner points to some fine print on the menu that says "$8 sharing fee" and says I should have read it. 
One, this isn't a credit card, I don't need to read the menu front to back to look for tricks like that.  Two, the waitress didn't bother to tell us.  
I don't care about $8, I'm writing this because the owner could care less about customer service and who knows what other cheap tricks he has up his sleeve.  
Give your money to good people, not to hustlers.  And the food is good but overrated.I found this place on Yelp, and it was pretty spot on re: the reviews.  Ambiance maybe 3 star, but the food is at least 4 star.  Delicious, healthy, well-priced.  Not expensive, but not cheap either.  I had the lentil soup and tabouli.  Both were just as I expect from a good, authentic Middle Eastern restaurant.  The owner stopped by my table to say hello and see how things are.  Great service.  Well-located.  I would definitely come back here.BYOB! The food here was a little bland....I ordered the falafel sandwich and the Sahara fries. I would highly recommend the fries, they were perfection seasoned and crispy! The falafel sandwich was very bland, it definitely needed some hot sauce and more flavor. I was expecting hummus in my sandwich and was disappointed to not find any in it. The food wasn't terrible and the staff was very friendly! I would probably give it another try.This place is a gem. 
First of all, BYOB. 
Second, the food is fantastic. It's fresh, flavorful, and makes you close your eyes to savor the flavor kind-of-good. 
The staff is warm and welcoming and treats you like you are a welcome friend and/or neighbor. 
A big thank you to Joe and Mike for making our experience so enjoyable and memorable. 
I would highly recommend to anyone!BYO with very friendly staff. My friend and I stumbled into Sahara wandering around the city, and am overall pleased with the food. The middle eastern platter came with hummus, baba ganoush, and marinated mushrooms, carrots, and eggplants, with pita on the side. The baba ganoush and eggplants were my absolute favorite, and I'd go back just for that. The other items were decent, but the pita I found quite dry. We also ordered a side of falafels, which were crispy and tasty. The tahini sauce was missing from our order though. We told the server, who strangely just kind of shrugged and smiled. It was her first day of work so we decided to not press on for our missing condiment.In the search for meddditerenean food, Colleague and I found this spot! I might be asian but I can say that the Baba gannouj and Shawarma sandwhich was one of the best that I've had! we went here before the lunch rush and everything was fast, as soon as were about to finish (around 12:30) the place was starting to get packed. We will definitely come back here. I won't be writing a very detailed review. But TLDR: Great service, great food!!!Really reliable food. I wouldn't say its my favorite Middle Eastern joint in the city, but it is definitely reliable and their service has always been good. Last night I had the Chicken Shish Taouk sandwich and that was pretty good. It was better the last time I had it because I had them make it Lebanese style. So it had fries inside, which made it pretty amazing. 
My favorite dishes there are the hummus and babaganoush. The babaganoush is totally worth 4 stars. It is fresh and the warm pita just makes the whole thing perfect. The hummus is also the same way, fresh, garlicky, and good. 
What makes this place even better are the reasonable prices. Totally affordable. So over all, I would give them 3.5 stars, but since thats not an option, i give them 3.Love it!! Every single thing was delicious.. We had chicken kabob platter, chicken shawarma platter, and the supreme middle eastern combo which is a little taste of everything.. Hummus, tabbouleh, grape leaves and falafel!! Everything was excellent, we cleaned all the plates.. Highly recommend.Really good falafel for the area, and a variety of other tasty dishes. My favorite is the mixed grill, they are not afraid to get some saffron in the mix, which is clutch in those crucial lunchtime situations. Bonus points for a light pita/wrap that doesn't detract from the flavor of sandwich or fall apart while you are eating it.
Only downside is gloomy staff and some things being a bit pricey on the menu.It was ok -- nothing spectacular with the food or the atmosphere. Service, as some other reviews mentioned was nothing to write to yelp! about - they weren't rude or bad, just not around that much. The water jugs on either end of the table were refilled only once after we asked and for a party of 8 water goes fast especially since there was no alcohol. Please note this is a BYOB...we weren't aware of that fact prior to getting there.
We had the meat medley as an entrée with pilaf - again, not fantastic by any means, just ok. The hummus was ok and the pita bread was flowing but I"ve been to plenty of other Mediterranean/middle eastern type restaurants that offered a lot more flavor & better service. If you're desperate for some hummus and you're in the neighborhood I guess stop in, but there are so many other places in that neighborhood to eat I would pass it all together for something more flavorful.Some of the best Middle Eastern I've ever had. We went there for dinner after seeing the reviews on Yelp, and it didn't disappoint. Excellent service. 
I got the Baba Ghanoush and the Kofta Kabob. I've had Kofta before, but this put all the rest to shame and showed me what it should really taste like. The ghanoush was very very good as well. I had a great experience here and would love to go back.Loved this place! Everything was very fresh, service was excellent, and the food delicious! I had the baba app, lamb kebabob, and baklava. wonderful and a great price for the amount of food they provide. Next time I must remember to byo. Thanks kind person who shared wine.Food was ok. It was so nice that they brought a house salad out for the table. 
Rice is not gluten free and it should be stated on the menu! There are little noodles throughout. 
There was a roach in the bathroom which grossed me out!!!I ordered the grilled lamb dinner and liked everything.  The salad and grilled vegetables tasted like they were straight from the farmer's market.   The lamb was perfect and I loved the iced tea.   Nice Arabic music too.   When can I come back?Middle Eastern combo platter was very good.  The marinated mushrooms, not a typical  Middle Eastern staple, were the star.  Service was quite friendly.  The reason I didn't give 4 stars was meh pita.The food here is not authentic. It is really bad. The food was just not fresh and bread was stale. I highly recommend not to go here.The food is good overall. They are trying to fill their main dishes with vegetables and rice. This is not a vegetarian restaurant! 4 to 5 piece of meat you can find in your whole dish! The rest is veggies!! 
We were 4 people and and we ordered Middle Eastern combos. It was delicious but just ONE! Felafel and ONE dolma for 4 of us!  The ladies room was not clean! Forks,knives and glass were very OLD and looks not clean. Just one waiters for entire restaurant and she was pushing us for order to go to other tables!!I had to look at a dozen Middle Eastern restaurants on yelp to remember the name of this place. Which is the bulk of my review- this place is just not that memorable. The food was okay, but not the greatest, and not the worst. I wouldn't suggest it to my friends when they visit Philly. 
The service was oddly unwelcoming. They weren't rude, just not observant, and not particularly nice either. A dude was on a laptop in the corner and there were a bunch of people working so it was weird that the staff were somewhat absent and not attentive. we had to beg for our check. 
Anyway, meh.Presentation and atmosphere=meh. Food=good! Interior is nothing noteworthy. Small and could use some updating. I ordered a vegetarian combo appetizer for takeout and the food was good. The hummus and baba ganoush were flavorful and fresh tasting. The tabbouli was pretty good. Although, back to the presentation - they didn't even pretend that they made their own pita bread or even warm it up. The 3 big pieces of (albeit, pretty good) pita bread came in the plastic bag with the bakery distributor's name on it! Clearly they just put a few pieces back in the bag it came in. I'd go back for takeout, more appealing than eating in - but walk there. Location is good and very central, but that also means parking is tough - especially on a Friday night!This is halfway between a cafeteria and a sit-down restaurant.  There is decent seating and your food is brought out to your table but you order and pay at the counter.  There should probably be a sign stipulating that all orders are taken at the register otherwise they might wonder why there are customers sitting at tables looking around with confused looks.
Foodwise, this was just okay.  I got the chicken taouk platter, which came with salad, rice, pita, grilled vegetables, and 1 kebab for ~$13, including tax.  The chicken was adequately spiced but could have used a bit more sauce.  The rice was topped with some almonds, and was pretty good.  Salad was very bland and tasted like it had merely been spritzed with a tiny amount of lemon juice and olive oil and a scattering of spices - definitely could have used more of actual dressing.  The pita was...well, a pita, although I think that it would have gone nicely with some hummus.  The portion size is pretty small, and probably wouldn't have filled anyone besides me up.  Maybe if they added a kebab?
The restaurant itself is very clean, with an open kitchen, and the overall experience was adequate for a quick, inexpensive lunch place.  It's good for those of you searching for a traditional, middle eastern lunch without any twists.I don't like to be the dissenter here but I have experienced much better than Sahara Grill.
Let's begin with the nomenclature.  When A restaurant declares itself "Middle Eastern," they really mean, "Pan-Middle Eastern," as the former could be used to describe Israeli, Egyptian, Moroccan, Algerian, Yemeni, etc.   We need to be specific here.
Now for the food.  Having worked in a "Middle Eastern" eatery before, I was delighted to see the selection was extensive enough (baba ghanoush, hummus, falafels platters, kebobs of different sorts, and tabouleh salad).  The salad I was given as a pre-meal course was loaded with vinegar and possibly (how could I tell, so much vinegar) oriental spices.  This usually occurs to divert the taste away from the aged and flavorless lettuce used.  I had lamb kebobs which came with rice (also spiced up), which were tasty but not worth $11.00.  I believe that they were undercooked by a minute.  The pita which they serve with oil was so dry and not warmed up did not fascinate me.
And now for the decor.  This establishment has so much potential in the decor area that I really felt like dropping the name of an interior designer to the manager on shift in hopes that they would re-vamp the dining area.  Tacky designs on the booths' cloth did not add to the "Middle-Eastern" experience I was hoping for.  The lamps were a great addition and so were the traditional "Middle Eastern" musical instruments on the walls, to which the paintings of women dancing *could* have been hung with greater proximity to give the idea of a "chill" atmosphere.  Also, the paintings themselves were too small to distinguish.
All in all, I will go again to try the hummus/baba ganoush falafel platter.  My recommendation is to go to Sahara Grill for a lunch on a work day but do not bring a date there for dinner.OMG, the food here is mouthwatering DELICIOUSNESS! Very fresh and authentic Lebanese food. I will come back here again and again whenever I would be in Philadelphia next time. Fawzi was very nice and helpful with all the questions about the food. Even the owner, Kassel came by our table to check how we were enjoying the food-now that's what I call personal touch!My business colleague and I were looking for a different type of restaurant for dinner while in town for a conference. We found the Sahara Grill on Yelp and decide to try it. I had the Greek salad, steak kabob and hummus and he had the lamb. Everything was excellent and the service was top notch. The team at the Sahara Grill went out of their way to ensure our needs were met and exceeded. 
We will definitely come back when we travel to Philly!I have visited this place multiple times now - For dine in and pickup. All the while introducing it to more and more people each time for their tender Chicken Kabobs!
Like any other Mediterranean place they get you started on the complimentary salad and pita bread while you are waiting for your food. Salad is quite refreshing and light.
They have the best Chicken Shish Taouk entree in the area. The Chicken kabob is tender and easily melts in the mouth. I love the grilled vegetables(zucchini and squash) and also the spiced rice for its flavor and moistness. Almost forgot to mention the garlic butter. This entree has everything to make me happy!
I have also tried their Mixed grill entree which has different meats- Chicken, Lamb, Kafta and Beef. The flavor of Beef and Lamb was ok but a little tougher and chewy than I prefer. Definitely not the best I have had.
I would also like to mention not liking their falafel which was undercooked and raw in the center. I would not order it again. Go to Naf Naf grill or Mama's Vegetarian for good falafel.
Currently they do not have an online order/delivery service. Hoping they start soon.Sahara Grill is wonderful - their hummus spreads and pitas are delicious - practically everything comes with a yummy, crisp salad - and the price is very reasonable. My favorite is the rice that comes with most meals - I don't know what they put in it, but it's one of the best flavor combinations I've tasted in my life, seriously. I had the mixed grilled the last time I ate there (chicken, lamb, and kafta, grilled "over the gentle heat" with fresh veggies and served with rice) and it was incredible. I can't speak highly enough of this place - it's definitely one of my favorite restaurants in Center City.The food here is very good. The hummus is delicious, as others have noted. I've gotten the chicken shish touk in the sandwich as well as the platter and it is divine, tender, juicy, flavorful. When comparing sahara grill to leila cafe, I would have to say the food at sahara is better, the service is average though.Great food and excellent service. Prices are super affordable and portions are nice. Definitely, recommended!