Good food and great prices! 
Sakura has great lunch specials. They have lunch specials for their Chinese entrees and for their sushi. They have deals for sushi combos for dinner as well. The entrees and the sushi I've had from here have been good so far. Good portion sizes and quick service. 
They are BYOB like many of the other places in Chinatown. They also deliver, and that is where my issues with this place lie. I use to order delivery from them often and 4/5 times my order was incorrect. I do enjoy their food, but I will not be placing any delivery orders from them.Duck Toungue and them pork soup dumplings. The two things that caught my attention. It definitely sparked my curiosity enough to compel me to walk through their doors.
When opportunity knocks,, I'm that guy that doesn't think twice about it. Jump right in and tell my friends all about it afterwards. Doesn't make sense to keep eating chicken fingers and fried potato sticks for the rest of your one chance life. Besides it's my first time getting in bed with duck tongue and pork soup dumplings.
Anyways,, the food.
Duck Tongue - WOW!!! This was a definitely a good experience. I love the flavor and the texture. Ginger sauce and the delicate flavor of the tongue meat is sublime. I could see myself ordering this dish again.
Beef Tripe: I love a good beef tripe. Their version is spicy and definitely yummy. I would order this again.
Shanghai Shumai: Its pretty good,, wonton and sweet sticky rice have some good flavors. Great vegetarian option,, but not my favorite.
Mini Wonton In Spicy Sauce: This is another one of their winner dishes as well. I love the flavors, it's definitely very vibrant. Only flaw,, the wonton wrap is a little under done. 
Pork Soup Dumplings: Yasssssss!! I would definitely order this over and over and over again. Use caution tho, the soup in the dumpling is super heated. It'll literally destroy your mouth if you don't eat it properly. 
Service was pretty good. The staff was extra attentive. I would definitely come back and share some dimsum with a friend. Thank you for reading my review. I hope this helps. Enjoy your awesome yelptastic day!This was a nice restaurant on the corner of 10th and Race. The atmosphere is open with bright colors. For the appetizers, we got the scallion pancake which was very good and the pork fried dumplings which were not the best but edible. For the main dishes we split the stir fried beef udon and  the snow pea leaves with shrimp and scallop. Both were decent but again nothing special. Our wait staff were pretty quick and Prices are very similar to other places in Chinatown. Overall Sakura was decent but does not stand out at all in Chinatown. Would like to go back and check out some of their other dishes.Disappointed!!! A hot pot for almost $50, and there's not even enough to for two people. Doesn't worth. They even forgot my order made me wait so longTheir soup dumplings are the best in Philly Chinatown and definitely better than at their neighboring Dim Sum Garden. The dumplings are generously sized with plenty of fragrant soup that isn't sweet like other places I've tried. They are also quite inexpensive. Service is efficient and quick and most of the servers speak both mandarin and English.one word: delish!
BYOB, great for groups and very satisfying food! 
Big fan of the chilly fish and soup dumplings.Great service and even had multiple servers come to our table to ensure we were doing well. Food was great and reasonably priced. They were a little skeptical about the 10% yelp offer though, but it worked :)WHY ARE ALL DIM SUM PLACES THE SAME!?!? I don't mean in terms of food but the service! Honestly the food was alright thats why I am not giving this place a one star review, but my heavenly goodness to all that is holy on earth this place probably was one of the rudest and worst service. First problem was when we say down one of the waiter spoke to me in Chinese in which I understand that I am Asian American, but do not assume I am Chinese because I am actually Vietnamese. So the waiter started to speak to us in Chinese when we said, " Oh we're not  Chinese" and which she started to speak english. I don't understand why almost all places in Chinatown dose this. There are places that are Vietnamese, Korean and even Malaysian owned and whenever I order or walk in they speak to me in english but I ONLY ALWAYS have this problem when i go to a Chinese place. But anyways, the second problem was when we walked in and sat down a different waiter gave us hot tea which was bomb by the way don't get me wrong, but forgot to bring us cold ice water. So I asked not making a big deal out of it. We waited for a solid 10 minutes before I could get the attention from another waiter and asked for cold water again. It wasn't even that busy, probably 7 other tables, so I don't understand why it took so long. But that wasn't the biggest deal so I let it go. The biggest problem of the night was when I was about to pay. I walked up and asked for a check and paid with my credit card you know just a usual transaction. When I was about to put tip, I gave a tip of $4.15 which was about 10% - 12% tip. The waiter POINTED to the tip and said, "This is the tip." I was so heated, but kept my cool. The owner was standing right in front of us and said, "This is the minimum tip" which was like $6.48 I think. UHM HELLO!?!?!?  First off, you should be lucky I gave you tip in the first place with the subpar service and you have the nerve to tell me how to tip??? GET OUT OF MY FACE LADY. I said, "Do I have to leave that tip?" making a smart remark. She then asked me " Do you eat out a lot?" Uhh... yes i actually do for a matter a fact so you can go and kick rocks lady. I said " Yes i do actually." She then pointed to the minimum tip and I said, "Well it's not against the law for me to leave any tip." I signed my name and walked away. Overall, the food was subpar but the service was HORRIBLE! I suggest going to eat somewhere else like Spice C or maybe Bonchon or anywhere else in Chinatown because this place is a disgrace for a business. Save your money and spend it somewhere else.Quick lunch with friends and I was craving some Taiwan beef noodle soup. Amazing meal and great prices too. Service was good as we were the first ones in for lunch.They have just about everything, hot noodle soups (my favorite) sushi, dim sum, and traditional Chinese dishes like general tao. Nice big menu and so far everything I have ordered is very tasty. I would try the dumplings, hot seafood noodle soup, and clam appetizer. The prices are good, you will leave full and happy. Service is fast and consistent, the servers always make sure you have plenty of water. The food comes out fast so I suggest you order your appetizer and wait before ordering your main course.This is a really nice place, peaceful atmosphere, well lit and decorated. It could be a friends' outing or romantic dinner. It has a modern feel but amazing Chinese food.
We shared a spicy stirfry (topped with sweet potato, squid, beef tripe, shrimp) and 2 orders of the crabmeat soup dumplings. HEAVENLY. The dumplings are really juicy and taste exactly like they do in Shanghai. And be careful with spice level. If you order medium spicy for the stir fry bowl, it is spicy, spicier than your buffalo wings.
Lychee iced tea is great, but I only got it because they didn't have bubble tea today :(
FYI: the cursive r in the title on their exterior could easily be mistaken for a z. Don't worry, it's definitely Sakura you're walking into, not Sakuza.
They do take the rare Discover credit card, and the receipt includes tip denominations for 15% and all that. I didn't see any parking lot, but it's pretty close to the Convention Center so there are public lots galore.
My only complaints: the teapot is a bit old and spilled tea too easily, and water has to be requested (altho, granted, this is Chinatown we talking abt, where ice water is not a thing).
All in all, a great place if you want authentic chinese or your good old general tso's haha.After reading a pretty in depth review of this restaurant online. I decided give it a try myself and see where I would rank it. 
As you first step into the store, you get smacked in the face with the colors green and white. Everything just looks so refreshing, new, and clean that you need a couple of seconds to let your senses absorb all the detail..... Done absorbing?? Now onto the food...
I came into this restaurant intending on ordering exactly two dishes. The shanghai style fried rice cakes and the Xiaolongbao AKA soup dumplings AKA steamed pork dumplings.
(For those interested in ordering the rice cakes, its not on the menu yet, just say fried rice cakes and they should understand) 
Since I am a huge fan of Chinese styled fried rice cakes, I decided to put Sakura up to the taste test. The two styles I'm used to having are the shanghai style and the foochow style. There are places in Chinatown that sells each style of fried rice cakes and I wanted to see where this new place would rank in comparison. While their fried rice cakes was not bad, it wasn't as good as the shanghai rice cakes I have eaten at Empress Garden on 10th. The flavors tasted plain and less sophisticated in comparison and the portion size was disappointingly small. 
However where this place earns its 4 star ranking is their soup dumplings. I have eaten the Xiaolongbao at Dim Sum Garden and Joe's Shanghai in NYC and I think Sakura garden's dumplings beats both hands down. While the flavor inside the dumplings tastes similar (Owners of Sakura and Dim Sum Garden used to be partners) Where the Sakura dumplings earns its ranking is the skin of the dumplings. Their dumpling skin is thin and at the perfect thickness it doesn't taste as stiff as the other places I've mentioned. The grounded pork inside the dumpling also crumbles as you chew making the flavor spreading process so much more efficient and enjoyable. I guess it better be good to charge 5 bucks for 6 small dumplings.
Out of the three places in Chinatown and probably the entire city of Philadelphia that sells Xiaolongbao, I've eaten at two, the only place I have yet to try is Zhi Wei Guan - The Magic Kingdom of Dough, but since it's been closed for a LONG while and still closed as of this writing, I will declare that Sakura Mandarin has the best Xiaolongbao in Philadelphia. IMO of course ;) 
-may edit once Zhi Wei Guan - The Magic Kingdom of Dough gets their shit together and finally opens again.
-looks like Zhi Wei Guan has opened today, (5/23/2009) didnt have time to grab some soup dumplings... maybe next time.Yo Adrian, where do you find that new sushi place? The owner looks like the Green Hornet! The servers are very thoughtful and eager to serve. The atmosphere is Floridian and clean. The owner lives there and is very knowledgeable of the quality of his product. He spent 15 minutes at our table before I knocked him out. The sushi was extremely pretty and impeccable. The scoop call ahead and get the lobster roll (then and now). Sesame tuna is to live for : Yo save the tuna for me. The angry dragon roll is beautiful and deserving in a party atmosphere. Not on the top stove but pretty. Amazing tuna, is a top quality taste but would not sustain me for  1 minute.
I went a round with the Chinese chef he's imported from Shanghi his main deal is the recipes and his recipes as far as I can tell beat the competition. Only met one sushi guy, the owner.  Green hornet is back! These sushi guys are from Manhattan and they know the designs (recipes and artistry) and the spices. The Green Hornet bragged that his Manhattan restaurant ranked in the Top 10 for Sushi. 
For me the sushi is Electrifying, I was purely a pasta man. You know I had a lot of fights and was gravely injured. Adrian found me Sushi to give me some optimism. This is contagious, I mean obsessive, I drive my Trans Am over to that place and i was met with a gregarious welcome. I love this place and have found no equal for Sushi and don't know about the rest. Give me a yelp if you agree. Yo! Love, The Italian Stallion.They must be under new ownership or something because when I went here last night for some soup dumplings, the texture of the skin and the meat was completely different than the one I experienced for my first review.
While it wasn't horrible, it just wasn't nearly as good as the original. The crumbly meat texture and thin skinned of the Xiao Long Bao original are gone and all that's left is this generic tasting one that everybody in town seems to have.Simply fantastic.   I was in the mood for dim sum and saw that they had shanghai style soup dumplings so I gave it a try.  They were great (pork and crab). I had scallion pancakes which also were perfectly thick and not overly greasy. The best part of the meal was the salt and pepper pork chops which tasted like those I've had in China.  Unexpected awesomeness there and I most certainly will return when I'm back in Philly.Delicious sushi rolls, every hot plate that came out from the kitchen had our mouths watering. Fast and attentive waitstaff, decently priced food.The best thing about Sakura is how versatile they are with their menu. Whether it's their sushi, soup dumplings, food platters or soup, the flavor is top notch and hits all the right taste margins. My friend and I went here because we were in the mood for everything. We ended up splitting the Seafood Noodle Soup, Steamed Shrimp dumplings and the City of Philadelphia roll. The dumplings were amazing and the seafood in the soup were succulent & marinated well. The roll especially is a must try - the sweetness of mango, tempura crunch and fresh, melt in your mouth fish gave me a firework moment.Mediocre Chinese food, with so many guests! I don't get it. 
The Xiao Long Bao was okay, but not fantastic. I've had better in central Jersey. The Chinese dishes were way too oily. And the price is pretty high for this kind of typical take out Chinese food. 
I personally would not return again.Second time to Philadelphia and second time to this restaurant. Order quite differently from last time but juicy buns. A nice and traditional southeastern Chinese food. I will definitely recommend it to my friends.One of my favorite place for shanghai soup dumplings in Philly. The flavors are consistent and very affordable. I also had the shredded pork with pickled cabbage noodle soup and my boyfriend had the drunken noodles with beef. All for less than $30 including tips. My pickled cabbage noodle soup was enough to serve two. On the other hand the drunken noodles I found the portion of the food to be a bit small for the price you pay.Just wanted to give a shout out to Sakura. This is my family's regular spot in Chinatown. Fast service and the food is pretty authentic. We love the spicy hot pots with seafood, they give you a great portion and the taste is awesome!!! Love the spicyness.
Their sushi bar is not the greatest, the regular rolls are fresh and taste good but nothing special.Banging Dumplings!  I never had soup dumplings before and they were so awesome!  The regular dumplings were good too, not too doughy.  Will be coming back here again and again!REALLY hit or miss. I have had some great meals here, and then I have had an embarassing moment where I brought my parents here for lunch and we all hated our dishes and couldn't eat them.
Besides that awkward time that I'd like to block out of my memory, I've been brave enough to try the sushi here. This will be reserved for the most desperate sushi cravings! Like if every other sushi place in the world self-combusts and I am not left with any other options. But then I think we'd have bigger fish to fry (pun intended)...I came to Sakura several times, the last time I was with my friends, we ordered scallion pancakes, juicy buns, and other stuff. The reason why I just give one star is that their service was awful and food was not that good!!!! After the waiter took our orders, no one asked us if we need anything else. The waiter stood beside our table for 15 seconds , he saw we all drank up all our water, but he just did not give a fxck!!! Anyway, I will never go to Sakura again!!!!I was very disappointed by the xiao long bao (soup dumpling) served in this restaurant. I went this particular restaurant twice. The first time the xiao long bao was too salty as if people tried to preserve the pork meat from being spoied. By seeing the relatively good reviews for this restaurant, I came 2nd time. However, the xiao long bao was tasted like coming from the frozen food sections of a Chinese gorcery store. This might be really the case because there are very few people know how to make the xiao long bao right.They have the worst fucking suck customer service ever from my own experience of being a sever for 5 years. However, the food was good. I would give 0 for customer service and 3 for foods.Excellent.  The scallion pancake and hot soup dumplings are divine.  Also loved the cold sesame noodles and veggie dumplings.  Can't wait to go back and try the Sushi. 
I use to get the Dim Sum from Dim Sum Garden.  But, I have to say, I liked this place MUCH BETTER.  Better wait staff, cleaner, nicer atmosphere, bright, cherry...and super yummy!!!
Great lunch specials too. I highly recommend.Had a spicy hotpot and soup dumplings for two people. The dumplings were good, but it would be great if the hotpot was a bit more spicy. We arrived at around 5pm on week night. The store was not crowded. Only two tables including ours. Probably, that was the reason why services were good. Also, this restaurant accepted credit card - I always care whether the restaurant accepts credit card or not. Lastly, don't forget to use your Yelp app to get 10-percent discount.Came here a split a bunch of dishes family style with some friends. Ordered the fried dumplings, pork soup dumplings, snow pea leaves, and dry rub szechuan chicken. 
The soup dumplings were pretty good!! Lots of soup came out as I bit it, and the flavor was good! The snow  pea leaves were probably my favorite dish of the night! So much garlic and flavor. I could have easily eaten the entire plate!
The fried dumplings were just okay. The meat inside a dry. And, the chicken wasn't what I was craving. The flavor was heavy on paprika, but the crisp on the outside just wasn't right.
Overall, the food was okay, and I definitely wouldn't mind coming again fro some soup dumplings.We entered this place with great expectations on Chinese New Year to have some good food, but we were sorely disappointed. It was a busy day we understand but the food was way below par. The dumplings were dry and tasteless. 
Just to be on the safe side we ordered the Drucken Noodles as anything else at that point would be even more disappointing. They were average. The only thing that was excellent were the Scallion Pancakes we ordered but that is no measure of how good the food will be. The staff and the owner are very helpful and kind but somehow the food just didn't match up to the taste. $25 dollars gone and nothing to remember. Wasn't a great start to the new year.Food is delicious and cheap!! We had an awesome dinner for no more than $13/person and we ate quite a bit!  Very good food, wait staff helps with the recommendations. We decided to walk in as I had read a few good reviews about it, plus we were craving soup dumplings in a different location than our typical favorite a block up!  So after seeing the clientele be mostly Asian, we figured this must be a great place to dine!  and we are happy we did, definitely recommend it. Staff is quite friendly, and the guests are nice and fun too!This place is great! My family and I made a reservation and were sat right away even though we were early. We felt kind of rushed to order, we kept saying A couple more minutes but someone would keep coming by every 30 seconds. To be fair I think they were setting up for a large group from UPenn to come in sometime later, they kept turning people away so they could use most of the tables. 
We ordered the scallion pancakes (highly recommend), pork soup dumplings and crab pork dumplings as appetizers. As entrees we shared the chicken and broccoli, sizzling szechuan beef and pad thai, all were pretty good I thought especially the beef!
We also took advantage of the BYOB option by bringing some beers in a small cooler bag. And we ended by ordering a couple of the desserts which were delicious. Wasn't too loud for the amount of groups that were there, and we were able to find parking on Cherry Street for $7.50 when we got a ticket from the parking meter (for 3 hours!).Love the dim sum menu here. No carts to deal with, highly accessible. Standout items are the shanghai shumai and the soup dumplings. The various soups to share, cold tofu, and spicy cucumber salad are also winners. 
The widely varied menu also includes Japanese/sushi (good but not my focus here) and hot pot (have not yet tried it)This is Boots G's new fave place in Chinatown, outside the Hong Kong style noodle shops. The soup dumplings are as good as anywhere, the west lake beef soup is smooth and comforting. The pork fried rice is outstanding, and the funky appetizers like beef with tripe are irresistible. Lions head meatballs, nearly softball size extremely satisfying. Service positively first rate. Also they have a great party room for groups.This place is our favorite chinese/japanese place in China town. The food is always outstanding and the restaurant is very clean. Good service. Love it.As of now, I can only speak to ordering take out from here for lunch.
Shoutout to Sakura for offering a special roll lunch special- that was exciting. I got the Red Dragon roll with brown rice and miso soup. I waffled on ordering the scallion pancakes (see what I did there) but in the end decided against it. Shoulda gone for it... Maybe next time.
The sushi was fresh enough, and it actually came with brown rice which believe it or not is not a given even if you specify. Nothing mind blowing here, though. The miso soup wasn't the miso-iest, or best, I've had, but it did the trick.
Not sure I will ever make this a destination for a sit-down dinner, but since I work nearby I will likely to continue ordering take-out.Ordered for the first time for pick-up. Quality of food seemed pretty good.
We ordered General Tao's, Dragon Roll, and some other Roll with cream cheese.
After I took a bite of the Roll with cream cheese, I almost vomited. It tasted like I was eating a mop that's been used to clean the toilet. I later figured out the smell/taste came from the cream cheese. 
If someone from the restaurant is reading this, please throw away your cream cheese bag and replace it with a new one. (First smell it, and decide for yourself what to do with it)This is a great spot for lunchtime.  They have combos that range between 6-8 bucks.  I ordered the beef with broccoli since that's my standard to measure each restaurant.   It comes with your choice of soup (hot and sour, wonton, or egg drop).
I also like the fact that you can get brown rice at this place too!  The beef and broccoli meal was good.  I would've preferred it to be a bit saucier, but the meat and broccoli were cooked well.
Definitely would come back!I've both dined in and taken out from Sakura. They offer a wide variety of options including both sushi and Chinese dishes, which usually makes me skeptical of the quality. The sushi is not the best, but there aren't too many sushi options in the area, so it suffices. I will say that the soup dumplings are great. My last experience taking out, however, left a sour taste in my mouth. I placed an order online and arrived to the restaurants 15 minutes later (knowing I would probably still have to wait a little). I'm not sure why but it was a Tuesday night and the place was mobbed! So I waited, and waited. I noticed during my wait that a table who had arrived probably 30 minutes after I had placed my order had received their food. So are they favoring dining in customers? I ended up having to wait close to an hour for my takeout. And when I finally got home to eat it, I was not pleased with either of the dishes I ordered, and I was starving! The chicken teriyaki dish was overly peppered and a very stingy portion size for the price. We also ordered the pan fried noodles, which I didn't know were more like crispy wonton chips rather than actual noodles, so was unpleasantly surprised. It's safe to say I will not be returning to Sakura, especially with Dim Sum Garden down the street!Been to this place multiple times.  So far, best soup dumplings among the other restaurants offering soup dumplings within Philly.  The other entree items were just ok.  Now whenever we're in Philly, we just order the soup dumplings, nothing else.  Had the stir-fry one time and checked off "numbness" by mistake (actually, I wasn't interpreting the question on the form correctly)....ack!My brothers and i arrived in phili and we were hungry.  it was a little past 9:30pm when we decided to walk to chinatown and see if there are any restaurants open.  Sure enough, we saw this small restaurant and looked inside.  it was 10pm and the place was packed.  
we were greeted immediately yet they were reluctant to seat us while talking in their language.  i thought that was rude but i was hungry so i didn't give much thoughts about it.  When ready to order, i asked the waiter what he recommend.  He pointed out this small menu that is supposed to be popular with many requests.  So i asked him, ok but whats good?  What do you recommend?  He said i recommend this pork with cummin so i went for it.  Boy when it came out, it was the sickest smell ever.  you know the smell like someone forgot to put their deodorant on.  i tasted it anyways and it was so bland and nasty i could not take another bite.  
Another waitress came by and ask us how everything was and so i told her about the recommended dish.  she said i can replace it with something else..
overall, this place doesn't deserve the 4 stars imho.  the food wasn't good and i wouldn't recommend it to anyone.  Oh did i also forget to mention, the group that sat behind us, the woman and man was flossing in full view?!  SO SICK.  bad etiquette as well.  anyone reading this, please do not do any flossing until you are in the private of your own world.I'd heard a lot about Sakura's Shanghai juicy dumplings prior to my visit last night, so I was really disappointed when it didn't live up to the hype -- honestly, I felt incredibly underwhelmed at the whole experience.
Menu selections varied between Americanized (General Tso's) and authentic (spicy beef and tripe); I opted for the xiaolongbao and the Taiwan beef noodle soup.  While the noodle broth had a bit of a kick, cilantro and pickled vegetables overwhelmed the whole bowl, and the beef wasn't quite tender enough for my taste.  The xiaolongbao was also shockingly bland, lacking any sort of flavour in both the juice and the steamed meat (points for thin skin that didn't break on liftoff, though).
Sakura is impressive in the way that the restaurant is clean and staffed with friendly people, and the food decidedly lacks the greasiness of most Chinese places, but sadly there wasn't enough oomph in the flavour for a return visit.This place just opened up on the corner where Ong's used to be.  
We read on Yelp that it was actually a good place to go for soup dumplings, so we stopped by.  Before that, we would've never gone in because by the name, it sounded like a Japanese-food place.  Boyfriend said the soup dumplings were good! So that's a plus.. we only know of 1 other place in Philadelphia Chinatown that has em.  So, all in all, a nice place.  I also got a cold tofu appetizer and it was alright.a huge thumbs down on the sushi
it was like eating a bar of margarineThis place was good, on the edge of China town next to the Convention center. We had a pretty good experience, tried some fried rice, sushi was delicious and also the soup was killer. No beer or wine or sake so bring your own. I would come back here for another round next time I'm in town.My friends and I headed to Philly out of hunger, but when we got there we didn't really know which restaurants were good, so we wandered around until we found this joint. The menu was decent, the place looked pretty busy, and we just wanted food in our stomachs ASAP, so we went in.
The tea had this odd watered down taste. My friend's cup had some nasty gunk stuck inside it, which I suppose was foreshadowing.
We ordered steamed pork xiao long bao, vegetable pan fried noodles, chicken with rice cakes, and crispy salt baked squid.
Each item seemed to have its own problems. I'd say that the best dishes were the vegetable pan fried noodles and the chicken with rice cakes. Even then, the pan fried noodles had too much seasoning, and the rice cakes were decent, but a bit bland. The squid was VERY far from crispy, and I found it to be very bland. My friend said that the taste of sesame oil was overwhelming.
The xiao long bao were okay, but some of them stuck so easily to the paper and the soup spilled out everywhere. Whoever said that these xiao long bao are comparable to those at Joe's Shanghai in NYC is clearly lacking a few taste buds... and I think that Joe's Shanghai's xiao long bao are overrated, so that's saying a lot.
Next time we decide to do a food detour to Chinatown, we'll make sure we head toward the one in Manhattan, not Philly. I let myself down.Reviewed under "Sakura Mandarin" on Yelp.  (Hard to tell from their sign which spelling is accurate.  Many more reviews under other spelling.)Went here after a recommendation from a great bar around the corner Bar-ley.   Fantastic Chinese food... We had the steamed pork dumpings,  szechuan spicy beef,  beed with bean curd and drunken noodles.    All worth trying.   Don't be afraid to ask for recommendations.Not real Shanghai, but they service a perfect mala xiangguo. Also they serves jiucai box and xuecai pork noodles - found lots of stuff I miss deeply here. Four years ago I passed by Philly and had a quick lunch here and it has been in my list. Not the best choice, but still worth a five star compared to some yucky restaurant.Quite possibly the best restaurant in Chinatown.  The spicy stir fry bowl is highly recommended.  For a Chinese place, the sushi is surprisingly good, fresh, and interesting.  Lunch specials are top notch and a excellent value. Service is fast and attentive.  They did a great job for our group of 15.Excellent, good quality food. Very generous portions and reasonably priced. Had the braised pork with brown sauce, wonton soup and soup dumplings.  Friendly, attentive staff. I will return very soon.Solid place for dim sum. There's a nice variety of dishes and everything we got came quickly and was delicious! It was also pretty empty around 11am/noon on a Sunday when my group came so I'm not sure if that was a good or bad thing. Not the cheapest dim sum I've been to, but I liked all the different types of soup dumplings here.The menu selection is awesome! It has a Chinese food menu, which also includes Thai, dim sum, and other Asian food options, and a Japanese food menu, with various sushi, teriyaki, etc options. The food itself is average/ above average for a Chinatown restaurant. The servers are very Philadelphian- kind of blunt, might come off as rude and slow to serve you. Otherwise, Sakura is a great BYOB restaurant that is open late (it is actually open til 11:30pm, at least on Saturdays). I would definitely recommend it, especially if you are attending a show at either Good Good Comedy Theatre or the Trocadero, both down the street!中国人最好避开这家餐厅，或者点外卖！这里的服务员特别喜欢服务外国人，对国人不睬不理，付现金还被嘲笑，时隔这么久来吃一次，不同的服务员，一样的服务质量！没错，这条评论就用中文，写给来费城玩的游客和在费城生活的中国人！This place is decent, which means by philly standards, its a top dog chinese restaurant.  You know its slightly more americanized than the other chinese restaurants though because it actually looks clean(very important).    
If you're into shanghainese cuisine like me, I'd recommend you try the "smoked fish" under the appetizer list (xun yu).  Its a cold dish usually eaten before the actual meal comes out but so far its my favorite item and somewhat authentic taste on a fairly generic menu.  Although you should beware it has bones, very sharp ones at that.
I was not too impressed with the japanese food though, I am not going to say its the worst japanese food i've ever had, it will probably satisfy you california roll lovers out there but prepare to go home feeling cheated if you've ever tasted real japanese food.
ps dont get the lunch menu sushi specials or whatever, they are garbageLets just say the dumplings filled with the soup is what I love the most next to the udon noodles. Now the dumplings are just great. The rest of the food is of great taste as well. The employees are extremely nice as well. This is definitely a place I go to quite often.The restaurant was closed. We made a reservation through Yelp, but when we arrived, Sakura Mandarin was not open. We had to eat elsewhere.I take my xiao long bao very seriously, and this place does it well.  I still prefer Dim Sum Garden for my shanghai buns, but this place is a close second.  What Sakura has over Dim Sum Garden is a bright decor, impressive menu, and a cleaner rest room.  
I love how you can order a great bowl of soup, some dim sum, and a smoothie all in one place.  I definitely recommend the spicy beef tripe, the shanghai buns, and the cucumber off of the appetizers menu.
When it comes to soup, the 8 Treasure Noodle is not to be topped.  It is savroy, spicy, and just a tad sweet.  The portion is generous and the price is less than $6.00.  I can't wait to try their pan fried noodles and a few other soup dishes.  Definitely stop by, you can't miss it.  It is the only lime green restaurant in China Town.I feel like I have to update my review from nearly two years ago, because there have been some changes at Sakura, and now I can't stop going there!
This place has doubled in size in the past few months, but is still packed every night of the week. The menu is truly unique and I am still surprised by the different dishes that I see floating around on waiter trays when I'm here. I would love to try it all.
Here are my favorites lately: Pork, Tofu, Qi Cai soup (the tofu is sooo smooth and creamy in this soup), Dan Dan Noodles (my favorite ones in the city), any Udon noodle dish, and of course the soup dumplings.
Truly everything that I've had at Sakura in the past 3 months has been great, and I'm happy to have them in the area. They are always a good option when we are looking for a great meal closeby.I had a great dinner experience here before, so I was really disappointed by my dismal lunch experience. Price-wise, the lunch specials seem like a great deal. I decided to try to chicken teriyaki bento lunch special. Big mistake. The miso soup was incredibly salty. I know by nature, miso soup tends to be salty but this was to the extent that it was not palatable. It did have a generous amount of tofu and seaweed, which restaurants will sometimes skimp on, but the seaweed had a rubbery texture, likely from only being partially cooked. The green salad was nothing to write home about, being mostly iceberg lettuce, but at least it was palatable. Then the bento box. It came with two small pieces of gyoza, four pieces of California rolls, rice, and chicken teriyaki on top of vegetables. The vegetables were clearly overcooked. They were slightly mushy and also slightly charred. There were 6-8 small slivers of chicken teriyaki, and the taste was just so-so.  Overall, even though I paid only $8-9 for this, I left dissatisfied.
Maybe the Chinese lunch specials are better and I'll likely still come back for dinner, but no more Japanese lunch specials for me from here.Food was good. Service fast. Environment was clean and friendly. We had scallion pancakes that were really good for an appetizer as well as multiple dumplings (both steamed and fried). For the entree I had a spicy beef noodle bowl that was very good. The portions were decent size.   I gave it four stars because I don't have a lot to compare it to in the city so I don't want to be misleading. We enjoyed the food and would definitely return. It was also kid friendlyWent back last weekend. This time focused on pure Shanghainese dishes: Braised Pork Shoulder in Brown Sauce and Flounder Filet with Shanghai Qicai, Both were authentic and excellent.Our second visit was more successful. We ordered a FRESH seaweed salad and several special rolls.Came here on a Saturday afternoon after going shopping with my workplace owner.
Never really had a full course meal at this place before. Came here one other time and only ordered one dish. 
Ordered appetizers such as spring roll, steamed bun, and peanut butter wonton, and some sort of cake? Not sure the name sorry! Only took a few pictures. 
Appetizers were good and then came to the meal which was sushi. It was fish rolled with salmon and mango and other one was ell. 
Also ordered avocado smoothie(tasted more ice than the avocado flavor, would not recommend avocado) and two strawberry smoothies.
What I like about the service was that the waiters were very nice and welcoming.
What I did not like about the service was that the waiters brought main dish out but left the appetizers dishes on our table when we were finished. They did not get those dishes until after a while after the main dish came out and table was crowded. Ordered another strawberry smoothie at the end and one waiter said okay but it never came out until it was asked to another waiter and then the staff started to make it. 
This place would have been a 3star but the sushi was so freaking great that I had to give them a 4star!!! 
I will be back next time to order the same sushi rolls, hopefully service is a little better next time.
Recommend this place!! Great place for family dinner or just a night out with friends.My favorite place to eat in Chinatown. Reasonably priced, great service, and fantastic food. During lunch it can get crowded, but dinner is nearly impossible. My friend drove here one night, and could not find a parking spot, literally. He just drove around and we brought him his food in the end. Save yourself, take Septa!This was the first restaurant I went to in Chinatown, and I think for the most part isn't characteristic or what you would go to when you think of Chinatown.  This restaurant has a little section for sushi, which right off the bat means not authentic, to me at least.
The place is very clean though, and the dishes weren't that bad.  I tried the clams, medallion noodles with beef and xiao long bao.
The xiao long bao was ok, nothing to write home about, partly because I've tried some legit xiao long bao, but that option isn't available here in Philly, so this will have to do.This one was a bit hard to rate. I'd give it more of a 3.5. While the place serves both Chinese and Japanese food, we chose to just go Chinese. Recently noticed that they started serving soup dumplings so of course, I had to try it. With that said, we ordered the soup dumplings, scallion pancakes, and the fish in garlic sauce lunch special.
In comparison to the soup dumplings at DimSum Garden, these had thicker skin and were much more inconsistent. The order also came with 6, instead of 8, and was priced at $4.95. We had a few that were completely soupless (BOO!) and some that had so much soup that it overfilled my spoon and spilled. The meat tasted better than at DimSum garden but overall, I'd go with DimSum Garden.
The scallion pancakes were delicious, though a bit greasy.
As for the lunch special, it also comes with your choice of soup. We went for the hot & sour soup and hmm... it just wasn't sour. The color and everything looked right but it tasted much more like water and pepper LOL. We added some vinegar to it to sour it up a bit and then it tasted good. As for the fish in garlic sauce, it was delicious! The sauce was yummy and the fish was melt in your mouth soft. I'd definitely recommend that and for $6, it is quite a cheap lunch. 
This venue is quite clean and the mint green walls is actually appealing. I can't comment on the Japanese food but I love the selection they have there. From what I saw, there were about 15-20 different dishes you can get for the lunch special and it's all under 6 dollars. I might come back again but probably not for soup dumplings.
They also accept CC.If nothing else, you must go here for their famous "juicy buns" or soup dumplings.  They are, in a word, divine.  In a few more words, they are succulent and flavorful and make for a perfect meal or appetizer.  Our waitress was very sweet - she asked if we'd ever had them before and when we said no, she showed us how to eat them so that we wouldn't spray the soup part everywhere.
We tried their regular dumplings, which were just as flavorful, but the soup from the juicy buns really adds to the experience.   We also had shrimp lo mein.  The shrimp was tender and not chewy and the lo mein was very tasty without being greasy like a lot of Chinese take-out places.
We went on a Saturday afternoon around 1:30 and the place was packed, so we did have to wait for a table, but only for a few minutes.  Service after that was friendly and fast.I often pass by this place thinking, "Wow, this joint is packed. One day, I'm going to check it out and partake in the sweet awesomeness that those people are enjoying."
Well, today I have come to the sad realization that those people must be either first timers, born without taste buds, or sadists. The food here is anything but good. The dishes came out late, bland, and overwhelming unsatisfying. I'm not quite sure why people would frequent this place over others like Sang Kee, Jade Harbor, Ting Wong, or even Rising Tide. They must suck at tasting or must hate themselves and have decided that they must punish themselves by eating here.
To all you people that gave this place high marks, screw you. Go have bad sex with an octopus or something.I would give this restaurant a one star. This was my first time trying out this place with my boyfriend. When we first got to the restaurant, we had to wait at least 10 minutes for a waiter to get us water and extra 10 minutes to order our food. Meanwhile there was a couple sitting next to us who was constantly getting asked if they needed anything and waiters bringing out their food.  We ordered the stir fry and the first thing I have noticed was a long piece of white hair sticking out from the vegetables. Everyone makes mistakes while making food so I just let it slide. However we also ordered duck along with the stir fry.  After I asked to see when we were getting the duck- the waiter apologized and brought out the duck.  It is now passed 40 minutes after we have ordered the duck.  The duck was really cold- If you have forgotten our order- the least you could do is to warm up the food. We were very upset at this point. We would never eat here again!3.5 star experience for first timers
We were in the mood for some fairly authentic appetizers for such a hot day. We ordered some sort of sliced pork noodle soup, two types of steamed buns (regular pork and crab), jelly head with cucumbers, and spicy beef and tripe. 
- The noodle soup was ok....nothing to write home about. 
- The jelly head was strange....there were too many cucumber pieces and not enough jelly head (the head is normally thicker than the jelly pieces in most jelly appetizers), although the cucumber pieces were quite tasty and crunchy. 
- The spicy beef and tripe was odd...it didn't taste "authentic". They may have added some sort of special ingredient, something that tastes like bean curds. It wasn't bad at all but if you were looking for the authentic spicy beef and tripe flavor, this wasn't it. 
- Lastly, I thought the buns were DELICIOUS! I have not gotten Shanghai buns this tasty in a long time.
The restaurant seemed clean. I liked the bright green walls. Service was fair. We placed our orders and got our food very quickly. Overall rating? 3.5 stars. I will return.Thought I wrote a review for this place last year until my friend made me realize I wrote it for the wrong Sakura! Gahhh... 
Th food here is pretty average. Why do I recommend this place, simply for the convenience of soup dumplings. (It's better than going to Dim Sum Garden which is a bit scary and ghetto).  Its a cute, clean restaurant with good service (can't say that about a lot of chinatown restaurants). Tried a few apps and entrees off their menu, can't say much about their food. Soup dumplings is the only reason we keep going back.This place is just ok. Went there after reading the reviews and was not impressed. Their dumplings are not bad but not as good as the ones from Dim Sum Garden.  I tried the spinach dish and it was very oily. The best thing I had was beef in pepper sauce but even that was very oily. Would not recommend to other especially since you have many options at much lower prices. And the service was not good.The sushi rolls are good - for the price. I wouldn't recommend getting the crunchy tempura eel roll because it tasted "cakey" it's supposed to be idk... Crunchy? But there's no crunch whatsoever. So that was a big disappointment. I don't know how their other tempura rolls would taste then...The soup dumplings are so good! I went my family and mom ordered all of the dumplings (pork, crab, shrimp, fried), the spring onion pancakes, and the green beans. They all had a lot of flavor to them. My favorite is the pork! 
We got seated right away on a Saturday at noon. There's only really street or garage parking since it's in Philly Chinatown. The service was really nice; I went ahead first while my mom was parking to get a table for 6 and they were cool with it. I'd want to come back and try their other food options and sushi as well.Sakura Mandarin has become a regular stop when in Philly for any reason (do have an office there, but prefer to be in Princeton or Newtown).  Working through the menu I have discovered my favorites and tend to repeat them on most visits.
The Xiao Long Bao (Shanghai Steamed Pork Soup Dumplings or Juicy Buns) are the Best of Breed to my taste in Philly.  Six steaming top knot dumplings that require skill and care to eat without squirting the soup onto your date.  The waitresses love to offer a lesson in proper technique.  Be sure to pour some of the vinegar with ginger into the dumpling after it is opened to enhance the flavor of the soup and pork ball inside. 
The Shanghai Pan Fried Pork Dumplings are also very good for those who prefer that preparation.  While not quite the experience of  XLB, they are quite good with a vinegar chili sauce mix accompaniment.  
All the Vegetable and Tofu dishes are also good; the spicier the better. The Americanized dishes are okay, but clearly not as inspired, nor hot, as the more traditional Chinese styles.  When I go with my young son who is not acclimated to serious HEAT, he prefers the General Tso's Chicken, Orange Chicken, and Dan Dan Noodles.  They are all pleasing to him, but I find them a bit too sweet and thickly sauced, although the Dan Dan's are not bad at all when more Chili is mixed in. 
The staff is very courteous and helpful.  No problem with attentiveness which can be an issue in some places.  
Can't speak to the Japanese side of the menu, other than the take out menu is much prettier than the Chinese side.  Wonder what that means???Got some soup dumplings! Pretty awesome! Would totally come back for more. I got their 10% off check in deal. Yelpers come out!Having tried soup dumplings at restaurants all over PA, i can confidently say that Sakura has the best soup dumplings in town!Stopped in here on a late Friday night with a friend. Sort of chose them at random because they had seating available. Was pleasantly surprised.
We ate a lot of food for two. Our order:
Miso Soup ($2)
2 Orders Steamed Pork Juicy Soup Buns/Dumplings ($5.50 each/$11.00)
Pad Thai w/ Chicken ($11)
California Roll ($4.50)
Shanghai Spring Roll ($2.95)
2 Scallion Pancakes ($3.25 each/$6.50)
Total w/ tax: $40.75
Everything was SO good, seriously so good. Everything tasted great, especially the sushi, pancakes, soup and spring roll.
Like most places that aren't explicitly Thai, the Pad Thai was untraditional with lots of ingredients that don't belong and missing those that do, but it was quite tasty if a bit overly spicy.
I personally don't get the appeal of the "soup"/"juicy" buns/dumplings. (They can't seem to decide what to call them; the name of the item on the menu differs from the receipt differs from the posters in the windows...) My friend loved them but she's kind of a sucker for gimmicky foods. I found them kind of pointless. They tasted fine but to have a thick dumpling filled with burning hot soup, and you have to bite a hole in it and suck out the soup or else just end up with soup all over your plate... I'd prefer a regular pork dumpling any day.
But all that aside, the food was really really good and pretty damn cheap. Would definitely return!
NOTE - They need to update the signage of their single occupancy restrooms to align with Philadelphia's law on this issue. It is currently gendered, which is illegal and unacceptable. A report has been filed with Licensing and Inspection.Good food and not so good service. Let's be honest, it's hard to find a good restaurant with good service in Chinatown. 
We ordered a bunch of dishes and did family style. My favorite items were the crabmeat soup dumplings (so far the best in philly Chinatown but Joe Shanghai in NYC is the best ) wonton on chili sesame sauce, drunken noodles and the pepper fried squid. 
It's a boyb place with no corking fee which is a plus. 
If your looking for good Chinese food and have time to wait for the waitress to acknowledge you- try this place !I've had many great experiences here. 
The quality and portions are amazing for the price you pay. $15-ish for an entire roasted pork shoulder, served with a side of flavorful vegetables?! Not only was it very tender, and flavorful, but I also had plenty to take home for the next few days. 
And their soup dumplings are... dare I say... even better than the ones at Dim Sum Garden (my other fave). They are just as flavorful, with sturdier shells, without being too thick. Their sushi selection is also pretty eclectic. 
I also highly recommend the spicy cucumber appetizer (huge portion!), their (spicy) hot pot selections, and their crispy noodle seafood stir fry. Their menu is pretty comprehensive, and I haven't tried everything, but I can say that everything I have tried has been pretty solid. They even have a great selection of bubble tea to complement the meal. 
It can get pretty crowded, but even so, I've never had any issues with service, and I've never had to wait long for food even with a larger party. They stay open later than most other Chinatown joints, which can be life-saving should one forget to eat dinner at normal times.I'm giving it 4 stars because they serve soup dumplings! YES i said soup dumplings the kind you get at joe shanghai in nyc!! i believe they are called juicy buns here and they are not on the  menu but they have it advertised on the windows!! the sushi was yummy and CHEAP!! so much sushi for little bucks!! LOVE IT!! and its BYOB!Ate there today for the first time.  Food was awesome -- pork noodle soup, steamed dumplings, chicken and broccoli, sushi.  There is nothing in South Jersey near me that even comes close to the quality and taste.  Loved it.  The service is baffling.  There seemed to be an abundance of servers but still lots of delays.  15 min to order, 15 min to wait for check.  We asked for more napkins after I flagged a server down; she gave us 2 napkins.  No one refilled hot tea/ sugar.  They forgot to bring my daughter's soup, but they did remove it from the bill after I told them.  Still, the food was that good, I am pretty sure I will return!Great soup dumplings but the meat quality is questionable. Very accommodating service. Tried a eggplant, black bean vegetable dish and some rice cake plate which were both tasty. Super cheap so good for groups and sharing.Was very good. I had the drunken noodle (non spicy) and the bf had orange beef (not spicy enough for his weird spice palate) and sushi, which was great. Its not the cheapest thing you'll find in china town, by a long shot. But the food is good and portions are generous, and there is everything from typical chinese takeout to mandarin dishes to japanese. This is getting four  stars (id do 4.5 if i could), not because of the quality of the food, which was excellent, but because they ran out of boba for bubble tea, which was sad, especially considering it was 6:30 on a friday, and they didn't close until 11.Their steam pork dumpling are one of the best in Chinatown. I can easily finish a tray or two by myself. If you ever crave steam dumpling this is the place!!!This is a cute little place. However, sometimes it's good, sometimes it's not so great. 
I'm not a big fan of their sushi or sashimi. The spicy salmon rolls are pretty good (the spicy mayo they use is awesome) but I feel like their sushi rolls are really small in comparison to other places that I go to. I spent $7 on peppered tuna and was given two very tiny little pieces of fish. It was pretty disappointing. 
I've gone in for a quick lunch and it's good in a pinch since it's close to home. The staff are always very friendly and someone is always right there to help you if you need something. It's a nice, relaxed atmosphere. Every time I've gone in, the staff are sharing a shift meal together and whatever they're eating always looks so good.
Their tapioca thai tea is delicious. Also, the pepper chicken dish is worth trying.Came here because all the dim sum places were too crowded.  My bf & I ordered a whole array of food.  Fried udon noodles were good, spicy tripe could be better, scallion pancake was your regular greasy goodness.  Xiao long baos were decent but I"m used to the goodness that comes from Flushing, NY.  
Place was clean & tidy.  Green chopsticks!!
The had a interesting dessert menu -- it seemed to be from an Italian dessert wholesaler.  Didn't get to try but next time I will.
I def intend to come back for some Chinese munchies.I had a good time here. The food was decent, the venue was large and presentable, and the service was great. They were really nice putting up with the fact that I had to wait around for half an hour before my date arrived.One of the best dim sum and chinese restaurants in the city of Philadelphia.  The food is amazing and fresh, I always look forward to coming here, my go-to chinese restaurant. The soup dumplings by far are my favorite.  Juicy, tasty, and fresh.  We have tried several different dishes (scallion pancakes, shrimp dumplings,drunken noodle, spicy hot pots,mao po tofu, flounder in fish sauce, and the list goes on..) Every time I come here with my boyfriend or friends I'm never disappointed.  Being BYOB makes it even better.  Would highly recommended with friends/fun date night out!Last time we went they were uncharacteristically mediocre, so we didn't know exactly what to expect today. Happy to report  things are back to outstanding. Was a madhouse for Christmas lunch, but the service was excellent, didn't take too long bringing out the food. All the dishes were excellent--scallion pancakes, spicy wontons, cumin lamb, shrimp and chicken in garlic, panfried noodles with beef, twice cooked pork, string beans, all cooked to perfection. Great to see them back on their game.I recently went here for lunch.  I am incredibly loyal to Sang Kee so don't often venture out in Chinatown, but I was convinced to try some new places.  
Sakura has a nice quiet ambiance/atmosphere and good, friendly service.  There pork chop noodle soup was a bit difficult to eat - consider that there is a giant pork chop sitting in it - but the broth was unexpectedly good.  I haven't had many soup dumplings, but Sakura's were hands down the best I've ever had.  Totally messy, but that's just part of the fun of eating them.  The sushi was above average and reasonably priced.  They have a tuna mango roll which is interesting enough to be worth a try.  
Overall, Sakura isn't the best restaurant in chinatown (go to Sang Kee!) but if you are in the mood to mix sushi and chinese for a reasonable price, you can't go wrong at Sakura.I didn't try any of the Japanese dishes, only a couple of the Chinese ones.
It's a nice, cozy place. I wasn't a fan of sitting so close to other customers, however. 
I tried the duck tongues, which was my whole reason for trying this restaurant. The dish was served cold, and the tongues themselves had a nice texture. They tasted pretty good, but I probably wouldn't order them again unless I went with a friend who wanted them. I'm very happy I tried them!
For my main dish I had Lion's Head. I wasn't sure what to expect, but the meatballs were very moist without being greasy. The portion was huge, and I had leftovers. 
My only complaints are the aforementioned closeness to other customers and the fact that they charge for white rice.Well the $6 delivery charge is a killer but the food is great! So far my favorite has been the "Dragon Roll", so good every time!! I've also had a smoothie from them (A little too sweet) and some Vegetable Lo Mein (Delicious).I am Shanghainese, but spent most of my life in the States. I go back to Shanghai to eat Xiaolongbao every other year (I also see family, but the highlight is the food). Sakura Mandarin has the BEST Xiaolongbao in Philly. The skins are thin, the juice plenty, and the meat soft and tender. My grandparents love this place and they are born and bred Shanghainese people. I also recommend the water spinach stir fried with garlic. It's simple and delicious. You just have to know what to order here. Eat like a local Chinese, and KNOW WHAT TO ORDER. Restaurants in China aren't like crazy American restaurants here. They have specialties and Sakura Mandarin specializes in Shanghai style cuisine. If you're from Hong Kong, you're out of luck.My first Philly review:
Though I am generally skeptical of restaurants that do the whole "we serve both Chinese and Japanese food", this BYO seems to have its act together. I have never had soup dumplings with shrimp before! The shrimp and pork had an amazing flavor, thought less soupy then I have had. The lunch specials are generous and service was spot on.i eat here because it's one of the few places in philly for soup dumplings.  it's also one of the few places in chinatown that takes credit cards (big plus).  so while my only other soup dumpling reference is nyc's new green bo, i just don't think that the soup dumplings here are as good in comparison.  the meat always seems to be a little dry inside of sakura mandarin's soup dumplings, which is weird because they're bathed in soup.  i guess it's possible to have dry overcooked meatballs in soup. anyways, i'm just being snobby, but sakura mandarin still does well to satisfy my soup dumpling cravings.I'm actually mad, son. I've been meaning to start leaving reviews but nothing inspired me to take the time until the overwhelming whateverness that is Sakura filled me such foodie disdain. This is real beef. Sakura is the Biggie to my Pac. Sike. It's more like the Lil B to my Pac, meaning this food was wild corny and suspect. All I wanted was a snack so I thought I'd grab some dumplings. I walked passed Dim Sum Garden because I've been there too often so I figured I'd hit up the original DSG on 11th for old times sake. I wanted to grab some regular pork and chive dumplings, not even the soup jawns. That soup dumpling/xiao long bao shit is too Iggy Azaela now. Y'all really fucked it up. 
Anyway, I passed the new DSG and was on my way to hit the old DSG but right in between that walk is Sakura. I've lived in Philly all my life and Chinatown for almost 2 years now and always seen Sakura kind of busy but it never seemed to be my thing. It bothers me when Chinese places do too much and serve volcano rolls and shit. Leave that shit alone! Just do you, booboo! That's why I always steered clear of Sakura and pretty much any other place that does like every Asian food ever. That's a tip from an Asian guy, btw. Don't fuck with those thirsty ass restaurants. If they did one thing good, they'd stick with it. But they don't, so they compensate with variety.
Aight, so I thought I'd give Sakura a shot because I saw on their neon signage (another desperate ploy that should've been a red flag) that they had pan-fried Shanghai soup dumps. I've been craving the fried jawns recently, thinking back to last year when I had them in Shanghai at Yang's Dumplings. That shit was incredible and changed my life. I'll never look at a dumpling the same ever again. I let nostalgia get the best of me and I turned back and made my way into Sakura.
I ordered and the wait was wild long but honestly, you won't see me complain too much about service ever so if that's what you're into, you're looking at the wrong reviewer. I'll actually take bad service to the neck and sacrifice all that if the food is incredible. That's just how my priorities stack.
But yo, I was looking for something that resembled Yang's Dumplings in Shanghai and what I got was bread dressed up as dumplings for Halloween. This shit a couple weeks too early for all that. These thick ass, flavorless ass, soupless ass, dressed up with black sesame seeds ass dumplings were spongy as fuck and I was soaking them in ginger sauce just to give it some type of taste. I promise every bite I took pissed me off more than the last. I shook my head as I looked at these "dumplings" like they were my children bringing home bad grades. I wasn't even mad, I was disappointed. Nah, fuck that. I was mad. 
I'm going to wrap this up. I'm honestly wild into food and you'll see that from my upcoming reviews and my palate is actually on par with y'all pretentious Michelin star mother fuckers so when I say Sakura was booty butt cheeks, then that shit was booty butt cheeks. I ain't going back and you can't make me.Typically, a great place to get a meal-but with a few caveats.  We have had good experiences with the food quality but service is okay-to poor. 
This time we had VERY poor service (no checking on water or tea refill), got a dish 30 minutes late, and completely did not receive a dish we ordered even by the end of the meal.
At the end, the waitress stood over the table as we signed check and paid less than 10% tip because of the poor service. She proceeded to argue the tip, and called our party "goons" as we left!! Very unprofessional and crude.  We are typically loyal to this restaurant but feel it is important to share this as she is one of the senior waitresses.  She has tainted the reputation of this location and made the dining experience uncomfortable.My hotel was next to Chinatown so we made various trips there to eat since I don't really get to have good Chinese food where I live back home. 
Everything I ordered was delicious. The siu mai was amazing! We couldn't stop eating!! 
The place is clean with large windows for people watching; the service was friendly; and the restaurant was filled with both young and old Chinese patrons.Excellent, good quality food. Very generous portions and reasonably priced. Had the braised pork with brown sauce, wonton soup and soup dumplings.  Friendly, attentive staff. I will return very soon.
I returned on August 6, 2016. Same awesome experience and really tasty food!!!Fabulous. Think Dim Sum Garden. And it's BYO!
Dined with a 10-person group to celebrate a birthday and were seated toward the back in what looks like it could be a private room (with karaoke!) at a big, round table, which we later wished was equipped with a lazy susan, but we managed pretty well with the copious amount of food we ordered.
The dumplings were fabulous: folks very much enjoyed all the varieties of soup dumplings, and I loved the pan-fried pork dumplings (as I'm not wild about soup dumplings...I know, I know, shocking!). The scallion pancakes were awesome (can you imagine some people had never had them before?!)! And the drunken noodles were lovely and spicy. Be sure to order the pea shoots, which aren't on the menu, but are delicious!Sakura's expansion has definitely lead to a larger dining area.  Nevertheless, the place was teeming with eager diners on a Friday night even after peak dinner hour, but we were still seated relatively quickly.  I appreciate that there are two sets of doors to get through to enter the restaurant.  Might seem trivial but when you're seated closest to the door like we were, the extra door means less wind or frigid air hits you when someone goes in or out of the restaurant.
I got the seafood noodle soup.  Not only was the portion size ginormous (I definitely had leftovers), but there was also quite a generous amount of seafood - shrimp, octupus I believe, imitation crab meat. There was also a decent variety of veggies.  We also tried the soup dumplings.  They're more expensive here than Dim Sum Garden next door, and you also get only 6 here vs 8 over there. I do agree with some other Yelpers though, that the skin of the soup dumplings tends to be a little thinner here, which I generally prefer.  The juiciness and flavor are compatible, though.  
Don't forget to "check in" on Yelp, b/c you'll get 10% off too!  Although, the prices here are very reasonable so you'll by no means break the bank even if you forget to check in.I enjoyed my Shanghai Huntun. It was quite authentic. Why did they put so many different cuisine in one restaurant though? It's a bit confusing. 
The environment was nice and attentive service.This place is all right. They are quick and inexpensive. Their lunch specials are pretty nice and they have great chicken dishes. The sushi is a little off, but it's cheap. Atmosphere is whatever, but it is all windows in a busy part of town so people watching here is great. Service is fine. Nothing really noteworthy here, but a decent Chinese/Japanese restaurant.Very good soup dumplings! Better than Joe's shanghai in NYC!!! very good service!!! Stir fry rice cakes are very good too!!!Came by on a casual Saturday afternoon and just HAD to stop in for some xiao long bao because I'd heard such good things about this place!  We ordered the crabmeat xiao long bao (soup dumplings) and some scallion pancakes (they just call them pancakes). Both tasted really fresh and the waiter responded with an incredulous "of course we make them here" when I asked if the xiao long bao were made fresh every day in the kitchen. Great prices + extensive menu + bright happy space + friendly staff + fresh food = awesome addition to Chinatown!One of the best chinese restaurants in the city of Philadelphia.  The food is amazing and fresh, I always look forward to coming here, my go-to chinese restaurant. The soup dumplings by far are my favorite.  Juicy, tasty, and fresh.  We have tried several different dishes (scallion pancakes, shrimp dumplings,drunken noodle, spicy hot pots,braised pork shoulder, mao po tofu, flounder in fish sauce, and the list goes on..) Every time I come here with my boyfriend or friends I'm never disappointed.  Being BYOB makes it even better.  Would highly recommended with friends/fun date night out!The food was good but I just wasn't impressed. Sitting at a restaurant in Chinatown I was looking for a "Wow" experience. The menu options seemed pretty average and I was disappointed that there were not more vegetarian friendly selections. 
I ended up ordering an avocado roll and a cucumber roll, my boyfriends chicken and broccoli came out first and he was practically done by the time my rolls appeared. 
I will return to try some of the hot dishes but it just sucks that there aren't that many options for a veggie like me!I love this place so much cuz the soup dumplings are so delish and i like everything that I've ordered...The soup dumplings were great, definitely on par with the popular places in NYC.  I'm also always in search of a great scallion pancake, and the ones at Sakura are definitely tasty.  A good little place in Philly that I'll be back to.Came by here for a quick dinner.
Got two order of xiao long bao (crab & pork, pork) and jellyfish w/ cucumber.
The xiao long bao were great.  Steaming hot and fragrant.   The soup base did not has as much flavor as I am used to but still tasted good.  I would give this a 4-star.
The jellyfish w/ cucumber however was a disaster.  I can't believe they actually serve this dish.  The jellyfish was thick and hard.  It was like chewing on rubber and had no flavor whatsoever! I haven't had jellyfish for over a year and I really miss it.  Makes me sad that after all this time, I had to eat such bad jellyfish.  After feeling sick after the first few bites, I had to stop.  I give this a 1-star; not edible! 
I would have rounded this to 3-stars, but that jellyfish was just too horrible.The coconut sorbet is impressive. The Mala pot is not an authentic Chinese food, but the dumplings are good. Other food can not impress me, and the service is just at the average level.Was recommended this place by a friend. It's located in the Chinatown neighborhood and it's easy to find.
I had the spring rolls. They were warm and tasty. They came with a very spicy sauce which caught me by surprise (I like spicy by the way). I also had a salmon roll. Also recommend.
Finally, I had the general t'sos chicken with steamed broccoli and white rice. The chicken had a spicy kick to it that meshed well with the sweetness from the sauce.
The staff was very attentive. An enjoyable experience overall. Definitely recommended.Definite 5 stars! Service- great, food amazing. Very authentic and pretty impressive. Coming back soon. Also BYOB FYI that did not affect my judgement :)I believe this place is owned by Taiwanese people, which I have a soft-spot for since I love Taiwanese food and it's hard to find on the east coast. Their soup dumplings are actually pretty good. It's comparable to the infamous Joe's Shanghai in NYC Chinatown, if not better. The skin isn't the thinnest but I'm pretty sure they are thinner than Joe's. The soup and meat were good too. Just a bit more soup was needed.They actually gave us a card for a free order of soup dumplings for the next time we returned, which was extremely nice of them. I wonder if they do that for all first timers, or they just liked my boyfriend and I? The food's a bit pricier than the other restaurants in the area, but it parallels with the market they are tending to. You'll see more Caucasians in here than the other Chinese restaurants in the area.This is a great place for groups because they have a ton of tables and take reservations. However, we waited an extremely long time for the sushi and nobody was acknowledging our wait. The food was not bad, but didn't taste like anything special. We tried the soup dumplings (the skin was really thick and chewy, which I didn't care for but the filling was tasty) and triple delight in garlic sauce. It was really strange that the triple delight didn't come with rice originally and we had to order it separately. As for sushi, we tried the super crunchy roll. It was unexpectedly sweet because they put a lot of sugar syrup on it, which was a little weird.The restaurant serves Shanghai styled food which is kind of a rare find in Philly Chinatown. I really enjoyed the food during my visit (the food has certain authenticity to it) and am glad to see it has expanded to accommodate the demand! 
Recommend to try the steamed juicy buns. Definitely a signature dish there. It may be a good idea to call ahead for a table or just avoid the lunch crowd. The waiting line certainly doesn't stop growing. (Seems like everyone knows where to find good food.)Really good food at a reasonable price! A few of our favs are:
Scallion Pancakes - the best!
Orange Beef
Dan Dan
String BeansOn the edge of chinatown, Sakura Mandarin looks more like a gimmick run by chinese people than an authentic food passionate group.  This is illustrated by their menu which has basically all the mainstream asian foods possible, including pad thai, pho, taiwanese beef noodle soup, sushi, chinese food, and finally the fake asian food epitomized by beef with broccoli and general tso's chicken.  Prices for most dishes run in the $10-$15 range, but amazingly their beef noodle soup was priced at a reasonable $6.75.  To be fair, taiwanese food is traditionally very cheap, rarely charging more than $10 for a dish.  Being of taiwanese origin myself, I was very eager to get my first bite of beef noodle soup (classic taiwanese dish) in a long time.  Despite my cynicism, it was actually a very decent dish!  I believe they used spinach as the vegetable, which isn't traditional but whatever.  Generous serving of tender meat and noodles, and the soup, while not the best I've ever had, far exceeded what I expected such a mixed up place to serve.  I recently moved to the area so I still need to try out the many restaurants, but for now this place will do fine.  10% off with yelp sign in!Almost every time I'm in the city, me and my family come here. The atmosphere is clean and the food appeals to a more Americanized market while still providing authentic options. It is a little more pricey than some other Chinese food options in the city but the service and atmosphere is great. Overall, all the dishes I have tried there have been well flavored and authentic.
The soup dumplings are possibly some of the best in the city. They are a good size and brought hot to your table. We also love their stir-fry bowl! It's definitely pretty spicy and we always get the lowest heat option and my mouth is still burning. It is a bit pricier based on what add ons you get, but definitely one of the most unique features at the restaurant. They provide a checklist menu on the table that allows you to customize what you want and they also have a hot pot option. Their cold appetizers are also well-prepared and highly recommended. 
Sakura provides a very extensive menu and I have yet to try many of their dishes, but everything I've had so far has definitely left me coming back!
Don't forget to check in for 10% off!Delicious appetizers and entrees definitely my first option to go
Very affordable 
I wish they could have parking but then again it's the citythis resturant includes Japnese,Chongqing, Sichun,Shanghai and Hunan Cuisines, so you can know there is  no cooker could be an experter as four cuisines in one restarant. I won't come back again. BTW the waitress looks like lazy and unprofessional.We brought two Chinese exchange students here (from Beijing) and they were pretty impressed with the food. They ordered duck tongue and said it was quite good, though the rest of the food wasn't quite spicy enough for them.
For me, however, the heat was just fine, and while I didn't try any duck tongue, I ordered one of the enormous stir fry bowls with potato, fish filet, fish balls and fish tofu. It was delicious--lots of mushrooms, wide glass noodles and a savory sauce with chiles. It's a meal I'll be craving until our next visit. 
My son ordered the sushi/sashimi special, and while he said it was fine, I don't think sushi is their specialty. It was a very basic plate, salmon, tuna and a couple of others, but it didn't compare to the array of Chinese options.
Also, if you're looking to hold a party, they have a private karaoke room. Just remember that it's BYOB.The quest for the great Philly Xiolóngbao, also known as soup dumpling, or my night out with my buddy Jim:  First off, let me say that my friend Jim and I were poised for a huge let-down from this quest's first conception.  In fact, he christened it the GXLBD2010 - or, the Great XiaoLongBao Disappointment of 2010.  Our quest was to seek the soup dumpling in Philadelphia's China Town and to find a specimen worthy of our affection and loyalty.    We had low expectations as he had previously dabbled in the dark arts of Philly soup dumpling quests and we both felt like we had already had the best soup dumpling on offer in the region in Flushing, Queens at a magic spot known as Nan Xiang where the soup dumplings are made by the hands of angels (http://newyork.seriouseats.com/2009/02/best-soup-dumplings-nan-xiang-xiao-long-bao-flushing-nyc.html).  There had been some recent buzz around town, though, that Philly was now home to some spots offering some perfectly fine soup dumplings, so with doubt in our hearts and the memory of Nan Xiang driving us to find soup dumplings closer to home - we set out.   
It is important to explain what, in our opinion, a soup dumpling should be.  It should be a delicate little bag of soup compromised of savory pork (or pork and crab - depending on which kind you order), which is all swimming in delicious broth encased in a delicate dumpling wrapper.  The skin of the dumpling should not be too thick, but should be tough enough to contain the soup and meat.  The meat to soup ratio is important as you don't want a dumpling that is dry, nor do you want just broth and no meat.  The key is balance and you know when it is right.
We decided that we would sample every pork soup dumpling we knew to be on offer in China town.  We girded ourselves with a cocktail and set off to our first destination:  Dim Sum Garden.  We ordered the pork soup dumplings and a cucumber salad.  The place itself is more cheery inside than one might expect given its location under the Market East "overpass" next to a bus depot.  The décor was bright; all was clean and inviting.  The tea was good, which we took as a positive omen of things to come.  However, when the dumplings arrived, the wrappers were gummy and the insides had a bland pork meatball, not much broth, and some liquefied pork fat that we dubbed "meat goo."  We decided that these soup dumplings were not horrible, but nothing in comparison to those on offer in Flushing.  In addition, the cucumber salad had seeds in it and the salad was over-dressed in sesame oil and soy sauce.  The pieces were unevenly chopped too, which is something that does not affect flavor but does belie the care that the kitchen takes with its ingredients.  On a 1-10 scale - these dumplings got a score of 4.
See my review for Dim Sum Garden (our first stop on our quest; http://www.yelp.com/bi....
See my review of Sang Kee (http://www.yelp.com/bi...) - our second stop.
Our last stop of the night was Sakura.  A Chinese/Japanese hybrid featuring sushi as well as soup dumplings; we had huge doubts.  We ordered a cucumber salad and the obligatory pork soup dumplings.  The cucumber salad arrived and was seedless, fresh, and not swimming in soy like the previously encountered version at Dim Sum Garden.  Good sign!  The soup dumplings arrived and they were plump and evenly shaped with the delicate skin we were seeking.  Inside, a delicious hot broth, a meaty goodness with an excellent dipping sauce with fresh ginger - score!  Sakura wins!  Are they as good as Flushing, no, but they are not a bus ride to NYC away and they are here any time we want them.  All in all, I will return to Sakura for soup dumplings and more.  On a 1-10 scale - these dumplings got a score of 7.5.Sakura is the place that I go once a week or at least once every two weeks, and every time we order same dish, the Spicy Stir-fry Bowl. This is a typical Chinese dish and very popular in China. When I was in China, I ate it twice a week. 
I know some other restaurants have this dish as well, but I like Sakura cause its flavor is mostly close to the one I had in China. I highly recommend the Spicy Stir-fry Bowl, once you try it, you will get addicted to it.I've past this restaurant so many times over the years but this is my first time dinning here. Came in on a busy Thursday night and was seated pretty quick. Ordered and the food came out quick. Service was prompt, as if they were trying to flip tables quickly..yet you had more than enough time to leisurely enjoy your meal. 
The manager was great, he was really attentive and quick to make his rounds throughout the restaurant. For app, we ordered the soup dumplings, which were good but I think I prefer Dim Sum Garden more. We also got the fried soup dumplings, which were really delicious. 
Tip!!! 
Check in on yelp and you'll get 10% off your total bill.I have tried Sakura three times over the past year and each time was noticeably worse. On my most recent visit, the Shanghai stir fried udon noodles were stiff and undercooked, the soup dumplings lacked flavor, and the pan fried dumplings were dry. The cold cucumbers were surprisingly tasty though. If the line at Dim Sum Garden is too long, I suggest visiting Shanghai 1 instead.When I first moved to Chinatown three years ago, I asked my landlord how to know what restaurants were authentic or had plain old good food. His answer was to look for restaurants where the Asian dining population outnumbers the American dining population, at first I thought he was kidding, however in time realized that he was more accurate than I wanted to admit. 
Though Sakura's only been around for about a year, I think there was a point more recently than I'd like to say when my roommate and I were eating here 3 nights a week. She has since moved to the burbs with her fiance and I have been left to order all by my lonesome. It used to be so easy to order a maki combo because I had someone to share with, tonight it was just too much. Too much she says? Yes, for a quality price of $11.95 you can order a full three rolls of spicy tuna, salmon, and yellowtail...not the best I have had, but honestly the price is just right. When you add in the salad that comes with the combo to the order of xialongbao (way better than dim sum garden's) I also placed it is safe to say I am bordering gluttony and on the verge of a food coma. I have yet to try the special rolls here, but being that this is a common eating spot when i want an affordable sushi fix, I'm sure you'll see an update soon(ish).I went to Sakura on a weekday for lunch and received very prompt, friendly service. The sushi rolls were delicious, presented nicely, and a bargain. I look forward to returning.Pretty good dim sum but nothing special. Got some crab and pork soup dumplings, which weren't bad but kinda mushy and a bit weak in flavor.get the smoked duck!! it is soooo good! cucumber dish is ok, sweeter than han's (i prefer han's level of spicy), still tasty though. the noodle bowl is ok as well. i'll come back to try their other stuff.Note that I came to eat at Sakura Mandarin on a weekday, during lunch.  I would recommend doing just that if you can ;-)
Scallion pancakes were ADDICTIVE.  Crabmeat&pork and pork soup dumplings were the most enjoyable pouches of food that I had ever eaten.  I would recommend the crabmeat&pork soup dumplings over the pork soup dumplings due to the sweetness that the crabmeat gives ;-)
Ok ok, also note that I have absolutely NOTHING to compare with my experience at Sakura Mandarin.  I am only taking into account the fact that it is Asian cuisine and that I could easily be eating Dim Sum next door.  And my experience at Sakura Mandarin will trump other Dim Sum dishes...some days :P  I will say that I would prefer eating my dumpling soups in THIS way over any other way.  Don't care that there are restaurants that SPECIALIZE in making soup.  Haha, soup dumplings all the way!  :-D  Thank you, Sakura Mandarin!This restaurant is very cool cause they have a variety of food... I ordered sushi and my boyfriend ordered spicy pot, both are good. Well actually compared to other sushi bars, their sushi is not that good but ok. 
Staff are ok, probably because we went there late and there was only half an hour before they close so not really friendly.This restaurant is very good when it comes to certain dishes and mediocre when it comes to others, but overall it's pretty good. The rice and seafood that they serve here is top notch and always leaves me craving more, so I always make sure to order from that portion of the menu, but my friends usually opt for trying out the soup dishes and I'm told that the quality is not that awesome. I guess it all comes down to preference for that sort of thing. 
The atmosphere is very bright and clean, and unlike a lot of restaurants in Chinatown, this isn't just a hole-in-the-wall. The staff is very professional and polite and serves good Chinese oolong and leaves the kettle at the table. (I love the oolong that they have here!)
Whenever I'm hungry around Chinatown, this is one of few places that I regularly like to attend. It's not the best Chinese food in town, but I like it.If you want to have a good meal here, you really need to dine in. This place is great for groups with varied tastes, as they can satisfy a desire for standard Chinese food, sushi, vegetarian, and dim sum all in one meal. We got a bunch of dumplings, a pan fried noodle dish, sushi, general tso, and chicken with eggplant and were satisfied with the taste quality and value. 4 dim sum dishes, 6 entrees, and 4 sushi rolls between 7 people came to about $23 per person with like 2 days of leftovers. Clean restaurant and bathroom.Sakura is one of the more modern and hip restaurants in Chinatown. I usually only come here for one thing and that's their lunch bento specials. I like the chicken teriyaki bento, which comes with rice, a California roll sushi, dumplings, a side salad and miso soup.Awesome! I placed s large order on Xmas Eve. Everything was delicious and hot! We had several people who wanted Chinese some wanted Japanese or Thai. This was the perfect fit!We had a group of 20 people all going out for a byo. The restaurant we originally planned canceled on us the morning of and Sakura Mandarin was willing to accommodate a large party extremely last minute. Not only did they allow us to make a reservation for 20 people the day of, but they were so kind. I understand that 20 college students drinking at a restaurant can get pretty rowdy, but most places are rude to us before the night even starts. As a respectable group of young adults, it was nice to be able to go out with friends and receive such quality and kind service. The service of a restaurant can ruin a good meal, but thankfully this place was great in both areas.
All the food was delivered hot and in a very timely manner. Waitresses helped us figure out what dish we would like the best and were very patient while we were deciding what to order. Many people in the group had General Tso's chicken or pork soup dumplings and they were all very satisfied with how everything tasted. This was my first time to try pork soup dumplings and I have to admit it might be my favorite meal!!!
Our reservation was for 8pm and they close at 10pm. However, with a large group it takes a while to split up the check. They were very patient while we were trying to get everything split up. We were not able to leave until around 10:30, but they were NEVER rude or trying to get us out the door. 
The food was amazing and the had exceptional service! Recommend to anyone that is interested in trying it, you wont be disappointed. I know our group will definitely be back!The spicy bowl and soup dumplings were amazing!!  I have never had anything like it before.  It is a must try if you are visiting.I stopped in today to grab some lunch with a friend and left quite satisfied.  I had the spicy scallop roll (it had crunchies with just the right amt of wasabi), sunomono (not on the menu but they were happy to make it for me), marinated smoked fish (soooo good - nice and authentic), and marinated wheat gluten with bamboo (just like my grandma used to make).  All together, it cost less than $20 for all 4 dishes.  This is an excellent place for sushi and Shanghainese appetizers/cold dishes.  Service was amazing and the hostess was the sweetest, nicest woman ever.  No lie - I don't think I've ever met someone with a perpetual genuine smile on her face.  When I asked about the sunomono, she told me that it's not on the menu but that she would talk the sushi chef into making a delicious version for me.  And it was quite good!  I didn't want to order actual entrees because this isn't an entree-style place but the appetizers are top notch, for sure.Hey ya moroneys!  it's called Sakura Mandarin. 
 My girlfriend always thought it was called Sakuza and when she found it on yelp with three reviews she was like, "SEEEEEEEEE"   Thanks.Overall 2.5
We came here for some Xiao Long Bao, both the Regular Pork version and the Crab Meat version. I could only taste a faint difference between the two because they are stingy with the crab meat. Hey, it's only $5.95 so I can't expect them to put much in it. It's fair. Their Xiao Long Bao is only a little bit better than the ones you buy in a frozen in bag from the supermarket. 
The Drunken Chicken was decent (2.5 out of 5), but it's expensive for only a Tea Cup worth. There's a little bitterness from marinating the chicken in the wine too long. The Four Season String Beans(2.5 out of 5) was a little bland so it's a good contrast to clean my palate. 
.Great food. I would come here again. Great service. Probably the best service I have gotten in a while. We ordered a dish that tasted kinda funky and we told the server and she replaced it without question. They explained later that the chef put the wrong sauce in which made it taste funky. I really appreciate their honesty! I highly recommend people try their Xiao Long Bao. I really liked the Black Bubble Milk Tea.You get a pot of hot tea as soon as you sit down.  The menu has so many great items it took awhile to study.  Most of the dishes are Taiwanese style which are my favorite kind of Asian restaurant.Only had the Dry Hot Pot. Would be better if they use actual metal pot, instead of wooden one.One of the few places in chinatown that serve dim sum on non-dimsum hours. I found the experience to be quite pleasant. We ordered quite a lot of dimsum to split. The food came quick, it was pretty good. The price is a little more on the pricier side, but didn't really bother me. Didn't try any of the other food, but it could be good too.THIS PLACE IS AWESOME! My first time here was with a large group of my girlfriends for a birthday, it is BYOB which kept the cost down. We brought booz to make sake bombs, and the staff was so nice, they even set up our sake bombs for us! The sushi was incredible. It was very difficult for us to understand most of the people who work there, but that didn't keep us from enjoying the food. The presentation was great, the staff offered to take pictures for us, and we had a great time! 
After my first experience I had to go back for more, and I wasn't disappointed! This is hands down my favorite sushi place so far!Sakura Mandarin is so bright and adorable on the inside. You have to be happy when you're here.
We went for dinner.  Got scallion pancakes (awesome) and sushi.  My friend got some gigantic noodle dish.  All was delicious and pretty reasonably priced.  You get free tea when you sit down which was perfect since it was so cold the night we went. 
Service was good but a little unnerving at times.  The waitresses, while all extremely sweet, watch you intensely while you eat and run over for extra water and plate clearing.  Nice, but sometimes I like to be left alone. 
Have to try these soup dumplings everyone raves about next time.  But, for sushi and noodles in the area, Sakura is a solid choice.My always favorite place for Juicy buns and now new favorite sushi spot. Yesterday I went there with a group of four people to help satisfy our crave for the juicy bun. When we got there we were informed by the waitress that served us that they had this amazing new Sushi Chef to the place and should order some sushi dish to give it a try. Normally, I would prefer going to an authentic Japanses restaurant for sushi but since the waitress recommended, why not. We ordered Angry Dragon Roll,Black Jack Roll and some a La cart sashimi inaddtion to our ordinary dishes. The food came pretty fast.  Me and my friends were truely amazed by the quality of sushi dishes that we ordered. The fishes were extreamly fresh and the rolls were tastely. This place have never disappointed me it's always great service, great food with great price.Love this place so so much! Some of my favorites are the scallion pancakes, orange chicken, miso soup, tuna roll and shrimp tempura! Always friendly and always decent prices!Something as simple as a foyer with doors to keep the cold out on a frigid winter day, warm soup and pork surrounded by thin skinned dumpling dough and a hot cup of tea, these are the things that a local will cherish on this blustery January evening. 
The space is bright and spacious with a back room that can accommodate large parties. The service is friendly without hovering over you and the prices are exceptionally reasonable for the quality of food. 
Yes, they have sushi also yet the quality and variety is great considering the menu is extensive. 
Overall a great place to bring a diverse group and still have something for everyone! I happen to think that the soup dumplings rival and may even be better than Dim Sum Garden, which I also frequent often!Sakura Mandarin is probably the best chinese restaurant I have tried in Philadelphia. First let me start off with the spicy stir fry pot. It was authentic and full of flavors. From someone who has been to Chongqing, I would say its as orgininal as it can get. The Juicy buns were also good, but I wont say its better than the ones in Shanghai. The Restaurants offers alot of unique food, rather than the general tso chicken I find in many chinese joints. The price is very reasonable and the ambiance comfortable and welcoming. I will definitely be returning when I am back in Philly!The food here is great. The first time we came, I order one of the big stir fry bowls were you get to pick 5 items from about a dozen. It was great and it was huge. It could have fed the both of us.
The next time I got the peppered shrimp and scallops and it was in this light batter that was terrific. Again, I could have split the order with my wife.
I'm not usually blown away by size but in this case, you get excellent quality at the same time.
FYI - We have some Chinese college exchange students over and they are the ones who showed us this place. If Chinese nationals like it - it must me good.It'a alright, the scallion pancakes are nice, the soup dumpling is not as good as dim sum garden (my own opinion), duck tongues and cucumbers are light but okay.I ordered delivery, and when the food came the sauce is spilled everywhere.
I had the crab meat soupy dumplings, and they are mediocre. The meat feels a little weak and flavorless.
The shrimp and Napa dumplings are okay.
The sticky rice ball in sweet wine soup is good.
The scallion pancake is pretty good.
Probably won't order from it again unless I have a serious craving.The Angry Dragon roll!!!! Delicious! Great service! The seaweed salad was also great! So many options, I don't see how you could be disappointed.Overall: 2.5
Food: 3
Service 4
Ambience: 3
Price: 4
Overall, the food was good for the portion and the price. I went here with my seniors on a recent business trip. This was the first place we tried when we came to the city. We ordered the following:
Triple delight (chicken, shrimp and scallop) with asparagus: according my colleague it was okay but would have benefited with more sauce.  It still had a little sugar despite asking for no sugar.
Shrimp tempura with mango chili: jumbo shrimp on abed lettuce and mango chili sauce.... The shrimp and combination was good but not phenomenal. There was no flavor of mango or chili. Besides that it was a good typical dish. 
Jumbo shrimp and walnut: tasted like tempura shrimp and mango chili sauce except with walnut and more honey. 
Scallion pancakes: delicious!
Egg drop soup: bland but I prefer that than overall salty.
Steamed chicken dumplings: delicious mg favorite! 
Vegetable steamed dumpling: okay would benefit from a mixture of chopped veggies (carrots, taro, potato etc) 
The waitress was very patient with the order and assisted where she could. As per ambience: it is like any other dim sum places. Service: fast. Price: fair.So I'm Polish.  But how many times does a girl have to get bad service b4 she learns her lesson?  I'll tell you - 15 times.  
On 5 occasions (I work a few blocks from Chinatown), we get painfully slow service.  3 of us get our meal, 3 of us get them 15 min later.
On 10 occasions - which is everytime we've gotten take out - they religiously give you the wrong order.  I ordered the Xiao Long Boa (juicy buns/soup dumplings) - the Shrimp & Pork.  They give me plain Pork.  I order Crab & Pork, they give me Pork.  Plus they always forget the sauce.  I've talked to the manager 3 times, nicely:
"Your food is very good.  Your restaurant is pretty & bright, but your service is slow, and you get my take out order wrong every time.  I think it's a miscommunication btwn ur servers & kitchen."
It's kind of funny how much they get it wrong.  I used to be annoyed.  Now I laugh.
I swore them off a little while back and started getting my soup buns from Dim Sum Garden.  Buns not as good, but they give me what I order.  Plus you get 2 more buns & it's a tad cheaper.  Thier beef noodle soup is much better at Dim Sum Garden.  They make their noodles from scratch.  The scallion pancake at Sakura is better, same greasy mess as everywhere else but it's not crispy, it's chewy, which I prefer.  And the sauce is better... tangy, salty, and sweet.Well, after a recent evening here with a friend I have to report that things have improved, but only just a touch so.  Begrudgingly I have to improve my review, but only because this seems like the ONLY place in CC Philly that makes my beloved Shanghai fried rice cakes.
Soup dumplings are still on the meh side -- not fully sealed at the top, pork is just barely flavourful, and getting only 6 per basket.  Having said that, they are damned soupy and so hot that you'll burn your tongue on 'em.  Fried rice cakes with beef came out plenty chewy and tender with delicious meaty morsels, but I felt like it could've stayed in the wok a bit longer to get that charred crisp and more flavour on the rice cakes.
Scallion pancakes were also decent, but not the greatest that I've had -- and we were a fan of the Szechuan string beans, but the lack of pork that's usually present in this dish really didn't help.
Service was overall on the friendly side, but we definitely hung around for them to notice that we were ready to order, and the teacups had remnants of lipstick on them.
Still underwhelming, but damned if rice cakes aren't my serious weakness and I'll be back for more.The food is always fresh. I recommend the green salad with fresh ginger dressing. Their sushi and lunch specials are really good.I use to get take out from here a lot while I was in college and always enjoyed their sushi. I stopped in again with friends before we went to the lantern festival. They were able to seat us right away but in the back room so it was a little hot. We got a few things.
Seafood soup dumplings 4/5
Dan Dan noodles 2/5
Maki deluxe sushi platter with chicken tempura, shrimp tempura, 3 other speciality rolls. All were delicious. 5/5
Salad with ginger dressing 5/5
Def will be back to try some more things on the menu. The spicy hot pots caught my eye.Was in Philly for a few days and came here twice! The food was fast, fresh and worth the money! Highly recommend the stop!!My aunt and I discovered this place one day and searched for it again the other day because we remembered the awesome. Our experience was the same both times. We had fresh food and kind service, but the place seemed a bit understaffed. We were not in a hurry either time, but this could be a big negative for someone trying to get in and out of here on a lunch hour. 
The restaurant's really clean and the decor is modern. As several others have mentioned, this place usually contains more Asians than non-Asians, which also makes me think the food is more authentic (I'm no expert). The atmosphere is relaxing and the food IS definitely more authentic. Sure, there's a wait sometimes--but it's totally worth it.
Will definitely go back again.If you're looking for good food and terrible service this is the place for you! Traditional Chinese, with great quality white meat. On the other hand the service is terrible and they are very stingy.  We asked for a dish and it didn't come with rice,  also slung for silverware or napkins is frowned upon. Will not be returning.Seafood bowl is delicious. Must get the fish fillet as part of the bowl. That's the best!First time ordering from this place from Dining In. Delivery was right on time from the estimate that they gave, and I was really pleased. Ordered three California rolls, chicken lo mein, wonton soup, chicken and shrimp pad thai, rainbow roll, and eel & cucumber roll for family lunch. The total was $60, which is really good for what we got. The sushi pieces from the California roll were enormous compared to what I've usually gotten elsewhere. I got a container of ginger on the side, per my request, and they have actual chopsticks instead of the pull-apart ones. The wonton soup was surprisingly not salty. I don't like how a lot of Chinese places have too much salt, but the wonton soup was good!
This place is great because it has Chinese food, Japanese sushi, and pad thai! Such a great selection and delivery is on time and easy! I will definitely be ordering from here again.Stopped by Sakura while staying in Philadelphia.  Looked crowded and good so I went in.  Service great and friendly people.  While I ate people kept coming in and coming in and coming in.  All were greeted warmly and most seated very quickly.  I had the beef ribs with pepper on sizzling plate.  Excellent.  All very tender.  It looked like so much food but I ate every bite.  Some of the ribs were a bit fatty and inedible, thus the four stars.  I also had the wonton soup.  Very flavorful.  Again, ate every bite and drank every bit of broth.   While I was eating, one of the chefs came in with a fresh whole fish in a bag from, I am assuming, the market across the street.  Good sign!Quick, inexpensive and the food is good for the price. Not a fan of the ma po tofu  but all the Japanese I've had has been good for the price. Nice staff, cozy and clean restaurant.Spicy stir fry bowl is what they are famous for. But me and my girlfriend picked hot pot instead. We ordered the non spicy pig bone hot pot which was really good. Smooth soup base. Tasty to the last drop. Yeah, this soup base is edible.Sakura Mandarin is a solid Chinatown lunch option - especially when your companions are willing to try lots of plates together as they offer a little bit of everything. 
Their steamed crabmeat & pork soup dumplings were okay (I'm brutal about dumplings) but the soup tasted a bit too greasy to me and wouldn't be my first choice next time. The drunken noodle had a good level of heat, if the flavor was a little subdued. Their sushi lunch specials however, are reasonable and tasty, the spring rolls crunchy and yummy and nothing beats having a fresh pot of Oolong brought to the table the second you sit down. The waitstaff here are very attentive and sweet and we saw several dishes go by that we'd be interested in checking out.Ridiculous restaurant that knows zero customer service. 
I ordered online at eat24 for a lunch box, and after 20 mins gap, they still need to begin cooking it. After they're done with cooking, they tell me that I have to add $4 to the order because they don't do lunch on Sunday, and it's counted as dinner. There is NO such information online at all, and they didn't bother to tell me before they made it and after I arrived. 
I messaged eat24 and they said they told the restaurant that eat24 would pay the difference. But the restaurant ignored it and forced me to pay extra. This is pure FRAUD.
Eat24 couldn't do refund or anything, but gave me some coupons instead.
-----
An update: the owner called next business day, and said they made a mistake and I could pick up the extra money charged. Haven't done so yet.Enjoyed the sushi here very much!  Also liked the hot tea brought to the table right away to enjoy while you peruse the lengthy menu.  I've only visited once but had a good experience.I love this cute little place in chinatown. They have cute decor and is very clean! They have lots of small side dishes that are great for drinking and snacking. They have exotic dishes like duck tongue, jellyfish heads, and wine chicken. 
The soup dumplings are yummy. They have the perfect meat to dough ratio. The service is always prompt and friendly!!Had a nice quick light dinner at Sakura tonight.  Great light scallion pancake (really!), soup, steamed pork dumplings, and pan fried Shanghai udon.  No soup dumplings on this trip, but the food came out quickly and the staff was all friendly to our 2 year old who was slurping up the udon.
The special sushi rolls coming out of the kitchen looked great and I'll try to get back for a more extensive sampling of the menu.I miss this. I never fully appreciated what Sakura was while I was in Philly, especially only after discovering it during year 7 of my 7 years in the city (est 2009, wish I knew). I've only ordered here 4x, but I've managed to fit in 7 orders of lion's head meatballs (3 for my last order, which I'll be freezing down in DC). I've slowly increased/tailored the order, and they kindly listen to my request of switching out their previous vegetable for bok choy (which I'm accustomed to for this Shanghainese dish - the other photos seem to show bok choy when eaten in house tho; they have Shanghainese dishes amongst other types - Yelp claims Szechuan, but there's also sushi...which makes things a little dicey), and again when I asked them to package the takeout tightly for the train (very respectfully done, timely delivery for the train too). I've also had their ants-climbing-tree noodle dish (very spicy, but I ordered without spice the 2nd time) and scallion pancakes. They mix authenticity, diversity, and appeal quite well, and I hope they can continue to attract Asian as well as non-Asian customers to survive in Philly's diverse cultural landscape. Is it the best lion's head meatball in the world? - I have no idea (a little soupy + stingy on the bok choy...but good enough to eat for the next month at least). What I do know is that there isn't a single restaurant in VA-MD-DC that serves this dish, and if I could carry 100 of Sakura's takeout orders back, I would (they're just for me, not for resale).Comparing the soup dumplings to both dim sum garden and tom's dim sum, this place is nowhere near them. Price range and quantity are about the same but the quality is lacking. Chicken pad thai was ok. Bubble tea was great. Also expect some spotty wait staff and semi clean tables/utensils.Very crowded mostly Asian clientele. I asked the girl who sat me what is the best thing to eat.  She recommended scallion pancake soup dumpling and braised pork shoulder. Everything was fantastic one of the best meals of my life. Do yourself a favor and go there.Soup dumplings! Yay!
I stopped by Sakura for a much needed dumpling fix and I was thrilled to see soup dumplings on the menu. I got them to go and couldn't wait to dive into to these little dumplings of joy at home. I used to live in Singapore and was super spoiled with the amazing election of Asian food of all varieties - soup dumplings at Din Tai Fung being one of my faves. 
Anyway, the soup dumplings are different, but good! Nice little fatties bursting with broth. I had the crab-pork variety and next time I'll probably go just for the pork but so glad I tried them. Service was super fast and a good price.
I'll be back!Food as good as most Chinese restaurants. I ordered steamed buns and an appetizer that were not amazing but satisfactory. Each dish was probably 50€ to $1 cheaper than other places, just personal estimation not 100% sure. The luminous part was that the environment was much cleaner and brighter than those Chinese restaurants that I dined in before. Most likely to be there more in the near future.I feel like the service was lacking a little bit, ever since I stepped foot into the place a few times coming here. I WANT to like this place, given that they serve various types of dishes and also have the soup dumplings. It's just that it seems my orders come out wrong, miscommunication, or something doesn't taste it's best. Honestly this place has been here for so long and I've been hoping they would improve. Perhaps I'm just coming at the wrong times where it's just that I'm not lucky? I do think they have pretty delicious soup dumpling, however. So is they're Taiwanese beef noodle soup. Those are the two things I've enjoyed so far. Definitely fresh ingredients. I haven't really liked their Singapore noodles though.THIS PLACE is the best soup dumplings in the city. We had no expectations and we're SHOCKED!!!! Best dumplings we've had and more importantly the best hot oil we have EVER had!!!My friend and I went here for lunch and had a great experience. I got the two-roll sushi special and added the seaweed salad for an extra $2 (miso or salad is free). My buddy got the beef and brown rice and loved it. We are already talking about when we will go again. 
Service was good. Rushed, but it's lunch time and I expect that. 
The place was packed and pretty noisy. They would do better with some sound control on the ceiling.Interesting name combination, which means it is a place really for Chinese food and with sushi as an afterthought? Anyway ordered their Shanghainese soup dumpling that everyone raved about, Sichuan spicy fish filet, Cantonese-style beef with tofu casserole, and Taiwanese beef soup noodle. That covered four types of Chinese regional cuisines and have to say the first three are all above average.I been coming here since I was pregnant with my son and he is now almost 6 years old. I even had a daughter after that and now she is 4 year old. They love their soup dumpling.  Every Sunday they would ask me to take them here to eat. My family love almost everything they eat here.Environment
This restaurant is one of the more modern ones in Chinese, in regard to the cleanliness and decor. The furniture isn't in bad shape, tables are glass-covered, and the walls are adorned with framed pictures and paintings, not antiquated and unnecessary car or movie posters. Clean and simple.
Staff
The staff were terse, came by enough times to ask to refill our water, tea, and bowls of rice. They were also uniformed. Professional, too.
Food
Each table comes with tea (we were served Jasmine). The teapot wasn't a cheap metal one, but rather a porcelain one. Thumbs up for that. 
We ordered the spicy bowl, which is a mandatory minimum of $7 for the base bowl, and 4 orders of $5 addons, which included shrimp, squid, tofu fish, potatoes, beef slices, beef tripe, and a couple more that I forget. That is $27 minimum for the bowl. We ordered 7, for a total of $42. The bowl was a decent portion. We ordered them with medium spiciness. It is essentially a medley of already steamed or cooked ingredients stir-fried with chili paste. Nothing special. With that being said the bowl did fill all 4 of us. 
Price
The prices are decent to meh. The food is very comparable to that of other restaurants in Chinatown, but are made in a more presentable manner. That really helps. Xiao long baos are 8 for $10. Which is an okay price.
A small bowl of rice is $3. Stay away.
Overall
This is a restaurant about which most people wouldn't have a major pet peeve or complaint. This is one of the better and cleaner ones in Chinatown (see my review on Nan Zhou Hand Drawn Noodle House). Decent lunch prices.I was presently surprised by how great Sakura was! 
First off, the service was great and the wait-staff were very accommodating! My friends are always late, so we were those people sitting around occupying a table, waiting for the rest of our party to show up. I know...annoying right! They were very understanding and didn't rush us at all!
The food was really good. They have a gray menu with a lot of variety! You HAVE To try the Soup Dumplings! Any kind! There are lots of options! 
The sushi was good too! And great hot and sour soup! My fav for sure!
I will definitely be going back for more...and soon!The light green interior is nice. There was a bit cold inside because of drafts. Our order was taken and served fast, the waitress was very friendly despite of her light flu. In general, the atmosphere was prepossessing. 
But we were completely disappointed with these meals:
1) A seaweed salad was not fresh, half -of- crusty and half -of- dried.
2) Shanghai vegetable dumplings were wrapped with heavy and thick dough. 
3) Shanghai juicy pork dumplings leaked almost. Do not order it anymore.
4) Teriyaki with chicken and shrimps was so-so, without spices and rich flavor.
Only one meal was delicious - eggplant with Garlic souce.The juicy dumplings are pretty good and the service was nice.  We went there on a Sunday for lunch and it was that crowded.A great place with something for everyone. I just posted some photos of my trip to the Philly Auto Show and Chinatown. I've been doing this for years. Take Septa Regional Rail, have fun at the show then eat out. Although I love the Reading Terminal Market it is too crowded when the Convention Center has big events so usually just walk over to Chinatown. Today I wnt to a very popular highly rated place that I've been to before. Bad experience. They were very busy. We were seated within 10 minutes-off to a good start. We ordered tea, smoothies, dim Sum and main courses. We then just sat there for 35 minutes. Never saw our waitress again. I understand food delays when you're busy but at least bring the tea. I then looked around and saw parties seated 5 minutes before us that had already eaten and were paying their check! So it was more erratic and uneven as opposed to slow service. No one seemed in control or overseeing what was going on. We got up and walked out. I'm not posting their name yet as I hope it was an exception. Now the good part! We walked down the street and saw a place Sakura Mandarin. Went inside and had a great experience. Great food, nice seating and dining room and great service. I also observed someone at the front-manager or owner watching over everything. That makes all the difference. Nice view with a lot of tables at the windows. Bravo Sakura Mandarin!This is a decent spot in the middle of Phillys Chinatown district. They have a solid variety on their menu from noodle dishes, dumplings, meat dishes and even a full sushi bar. One benefit is their lunch specials. Decent portions for a fraction of the price. I recommend the sushi options. Best bang for your buck. Also their pan fried soup dumplings are simply delicious. 
Some negatives however are the wait times and service. During lunch almost no one is there but somehow it took very long for any of the sushi dishes. The hot meals came out quicker but at all different times so with a big group it felt awkward that some had food for 20-30min before others. The service is below average. We had to ask multiple times for water refills and it seemed like the servers were very frustrated with serving our larger group.This place is very good probably one of the better places in philly the soup is amazing too!! 
If you like adventure try the beef tendon and tripe its spicy, but so good. Also their noodle dishes are well made and favorable!!
We took my parents there they loved it too.I was really upset when Ong's left and Sakura took its place, but once I tried Sakura, all that sadness was gone.  I love this place.  I've only ever been here for lunch. Such a bright and cheerful environment.  The lunch specials are great and the sushi is VERY good.  I had soup dumplings for the first time here... So good!
Only thing is, they have this one pork chop lunch special that seems to change every time I order it.  The first few times I ordered it, it was salt baked pork chops with a generous portion of Chinese greens.  I salivate just thinking about it.  Then it morphed into some other kind of pork with a lot of sauce and no vegetables.  :(  
The sushi lunch special is an incredible deal.I was here a few days ago. My sister wanted dim sum and I wanted sushi so we went inside. The place looked decent enough but the food was terrible. My sister order the shrimp dumpling, literally no shrimp inside of it, only cabbage. The waitress told us the shrimp was cut up into tiny pieces. This is the first Dim sum place I went too where the shrimp was cut up so much that all you see is cabbage, and the hao gao (sp) or pork dumpling look like someone puke on it and made a tiny volcano. My sister ate one because she was so hungry and literally wanted to puke. She also had a stomache later. The sushi was ok, but it tasted like it been in the freezer too long.  The only thing good was the pina coloda smoothie.Fresh ingredients as expected from a location in Philly Chinatown and also close to Flushing, NY. Lots of people think Chinatown food is cheap or greasy but Chinatown restaurants actually have access to a lot of really fresh produce in certain dishes if you order correctly!
2 standout dishes for me were the mapo tofu with fish and Shanghai bokchoy with mushrooms (don't remember what exactly they were called on the menu). The tofu was perfectly silky and the sauce was just a little spicy with some Sichuan málà zing! In the other dish, the Shanghai bokchoy was so so fresh, sweet, and tender. And WOW the mushrooms were full of umami flavor after being soaked in soy sauce! 
Really great meal after a day walking around the city. Also a nice peaceful interior in the store with plenty of natural light from windows looking out onto two quieter city streets.I was excited to try this place - but also bummed when I found out that Ong's Noodle House (the former restaruant in this sapce) had closed.
But the gorgeous fresh coat of green paint and renovated bathrroms and dining area - along with a Half Chinese/Half Sushi Bar menu had me!  So last Friday me, my husband and our active 4 year old daughter dropped in for a quick dinner.
DD's gyoza were the best part of the meal - freshly cooked and perfect. (Even if frozen.)  DH had a greasy, heavy chicken lo mein, and a spicy tuna roll that he enjoyed. I tried a specialty roll - at $11.95 I expected better.  It was stuffed with Shrimp Tempura and Cucumber and coated with spicy tuna (not the best I've had but OK).    What killed it was they literally DUMPED a load of Tempura Flakes all over it.
Now don't get me wrong - I like tempura "crunch" but this was over kill.
I also ordered a green salad.  I should have known better and ordered the ultra-sweet orangey-ginger dressing (again - I've had better) on the side.  The iceberg lettuce and sigle slice of tomato were fresh and crisp.  Not gourmet - but good.
It's a solid 3 star joint.Sakura is the ONLY place in Philadelphia I go to for juicy buns or, as others know them, soup dumplings.  Both my Chinese mother and I give them our seal of approval.  If the idea of soup dumplings freaks you out (give it at least one try!) then anything else at Sakura will be just as tasty.  I especially enjoy the Rice Cakes with Chicken (noodles) dish and the West Lake Beef Soup, but, seriously, everything is good at this place!  The service is excellent and everything comes out minutes after you order it - with the exception of the soup dumplings, they are steamed and take a bit longer to cook.  Definitely my go-to place for affordable and quality chinese food.  YUM!This place has by far the worst service I've ever experienced and that offsets the food. I came in yesterday at 10:40pm mind you the place closes at 11:30pm in a matter of minutes I was told 3 times that the kitchen closes at 11pm and the place closes at 11:20pm which the sign and website says 11:30pm. As we're ordering every other thing I point on the menu they say they don't have or can't make which I found to be very weird and not to mention the horrible service asking to bring hot tea literally 4-6 times and napkins and utensils. So overall my opinion to you all is AVOID this place if you can I'm sure there are much better places service wise then this. Total disappointment F-Me and my friend tried the spicy pot and it was super delicious and enough quantity for 2. We paid around 40 bucks altogether (including tip) which might be considered a bit expensive but the deliciousness of the veggies and meat justified it completely.My boyfriend and I would give this closer to 3.5 stars. Service and food wasn't super amazing, but it was decent and at an affordable price. Service was a little pushy in the beginning, repeatedly asking if we were ready to order, but it was our first time there so it took us a little while. Overall the place was clean, staff was friendly, and food was good.
We ordered the following for only $25:
Wonton Soup - broth had a strong chive flavor to it, but was tasty
Hot & Sour Soup - wasn't spicy or sour, but was good
Pan Fried Pork Dumplings - Delicious
Pan Fried Soup Dumplings - probably should've gotten the steamed ones, but these were still good
Drucken Udon Noodles - Very flavorful and loved the texture of the noodles