My BF and I visited Philly cuz we wanted to see the liberty bell. We arrived at probably 6am and we were hungry. By chance we happened to park next to Morning Glory Diner. We noticed that it received a lot of awards so we decided to check it out. 
I don't remember what my boyfriend had, but I had the breakfast pizza. At first, I was intrigued when I saw it..but when I tasted it...it wasn't as good as I thought it would be. I was expecting it to have some tomatoes but it didn't. Instead it had caramelized onions which to me made it taste a little weird...don't get me wrong I LOVE ONIONS but just not this time. Although I don't remember what my BF ordered, all I remember was it falling apart because it got sooo damn soupy! I felt so bad for him because he felt like vomiting.
So all in all, we did not have the breakfast experience we were hoping for but it was a cozy place and the service was ok.Get here early or be prepared to wait. Worth it, though. Great homemade biscuits! Fantastic omelets, pancakes, and French toast. Lots of occasional special riffs on any of the above, like seasonal berry cakes, etc. Sam's is one of my wife's favorites... And she generally hates anything other than a bagel for breakfast!I do not understand the hype of this place. The service is terrible. The seating is cramped. You have to wait forever outside (even in the rain). The food isn't even that good...
Well, except for the biscuits, homemade jam, coffee, ketchup, and pancakes. 
Get the grits, the potatoes suck.Why do people love this place so much?? What is with all the hype? I need to know.
I ordered pancakes, corned beef hash, and eggs. Boyfriend ordered some breakfast platter. Nothing was amazing! Well the bacon was amazing... But when is it ever not?
Did I order the wrong thing? I'll give it another go and maybe it'll be a hit. Oh and also plus points for the fact that they were very nice and accommodating for the baby.I could NOT believe that they made us wait outside. My husband decided to be the trooper, I went to the car. The wait was about 20 minutes for two.
My Belgian waffle was somewhat tough and pretty dry. My eggs were good, the cheddar was real cheddar. But the ketchup was a homemade conglomeration of something that tasted a little like barbecue sauce. The turkey bacon tasted like ham. The service was cool. I was sitting about 4 inches from the kitchen door which was constantly opening, giving me a nice breeze (sarcastic- I was cold!) and making me afraid that something was going to come clattering down on my head at any moment. 
My husband had french toast - which he loved. I tasted it and thought it was decent. He also loved his coffee- said it was the best he'd had in over a year.
I found the place to be way to noisy - I had to raise my voice to have a conversation with my husband across the table - it got so annoying that I just stopped talking. The service was good. I liked all the homey touches like the signs to be nice, also I thought the 'home on the range/doing time in Attica' metal coffee mugs were really cute.
The bill was reasonable.
 I plan to skip this place next time.Only been here once, but we liked it, a lot.  Pancakes were large, good and fluffy, bacon was crisp, fresh squeezed OJ was vg. Fruit bowl had a delicious mix of tasty berries, bananas and mango.  Nice bagels served with enough cream cheese for 2 whole bagels.  Coffee was plentiful and good, nutty tasting. Large container of homemade berry jam on the table.  BUT, maple syrup is extra!  I think it is sad when you serve a great pancake and crappy syrup with them.
We would all definitely go again.  Good for smaller groups, it is pretty small inside but they do have a little patio with a couple larger tables.
They were very nice people.The retro-diner atmosphere is still the best in the city, if you ask me. I think it's the only thing that keeps me going back though. The last time I was at MG, and that was quite a while ago at this point, I had the breakfast burrito, which I've found to be MG's most consistently amazing meal, was terrible. It was undercooked with runny, wet eggs and was terribly over-onioned. Prior to that, I'd had a few other breakfasts there that were so terribly sub-par from what I was used to getting that I just can't find myself wanting to go there anymore. There are way better options (ie: Cafe Lift and Honey's to name two).the food is excellent might be even better then my beloved honey's. though it lacks that certain it factor that honey's has-meaning i like the staff at honey's better. great mac and cheese, soups, pies, and french toast. I esp love their homemade whip cream it's like a dollop of heaven on top of whatever u r getting. not a huge fritta fan- i prefer a red blooded american omlete w/ my potatoes-  but it was also very good. i never had a problem w/ the staff like some people have warned me-they r always friendly enuff for me but then again im awesome. if u have a sweet tooth recommend the monkey bread french  toast and pie- excellent.Another great breakfast! It was good but I couldn't finish it, there was no more room. 
Yum!We didnt make it to the table. After waiting outside for an hour we walked in to only be disgusted. The place was filthy and they put us at the counter near the kitchen. We got up before they could attempt to take our order. Definitely would pass regardless of what people think of their food.Great place for breakfast! Salads or eggs. Bring cash though. No credit accepted.I moved out of town and I miss this place. I love breakfast food when done right. I love diner breakfasts but this is NOT your typical diner food. They make their own jams, ketchup, everything and u can taste it. Their biscuit are reason enough to come here. Big portions, priced right, food is awesome what more can I say? 
The waits are long but I just swing by Whole Foods 1 block away then come back. They really should add on but it wouldn't stop me from going there. 
Wish they would come up with a cookbook.This is one of the best places ever. I love everything down to their homemade ketchup. I've had their unexpectedly large breakfast sandwiches and a few other things.
I've only been here for breakfast however. It seems that you've got to get here SUPER early in order to beat the brunch crowd. Make sure you sign in, because I made the mistake of one time arriving before a wave of people, hadn't signed the sheet and thus my name didn't have a spot reserved. Big fail.
If you can get in at a time when there's no wait, this place is definitely worth it.Food is worth the long wait.  We were lucky to sit at the counter and I was mesmerized by all the activity.  I knew cooks have a tough job, but I have a new appreciation for all their hard work.  It's amazing how they time all the cooking.  Everyone seems to work so hard and they perform their tasks like clockwork.  
Anyway, back to the food.  
Breakfast pizza with bacon is delicious.  All the textures and flavors are a good mix.  The pizza crust is a tiny bit too thick, but the rosemary is a nice touch.  The carmelized onions add such great flavor.  
Had a bite of my friend's Monkey French Toast and really like the carmelized bananas and mangoes.  A sweet and satisfying combination.  
The ketchup has kind of a chipotle/bbq flavor and it's soo good.  
Even though it's so busy, the service is pretty decent.  Wished I lived closer to go back and try one of the frittatas and the Challah French Toast (the strawberry sauce looked amazing).Great breakfast. Burrito was great. Frittatas looked even better. But skip the potatoes and go for the grits.I just love this place for breakfast. The staff are friendly and helpful, the food is awesome and the atmosphere is laid back and accommodating. I live in the Seattle area and travel to Philly a couple of times a year for business. I try my best to squeeze in a trip to Sam's Morning Glory for a breakfast sandwich with turkey bacon. So good!  The homemade ketchup is an added bonus.Despite no changes to the menu, I've discovered a new way to appreciate Morning Glory: don't go there for a really long time so you can appreciate it like it's the first. 
I was joined this morning by a vibrant group of former college roommates. While we laughed our way through brunch, I enjoyed the egg white Gardenkeeper fritatta, a side of bacon, fresh squeezed grapefruit juice, and a steaming cup of coffee. 
If you're looking for that cozy, breakfast-time experience, this place has the vibe. Imagine a movie where Janeane Garofalo and Paul Rudd split french toast while discussing their wild and crazy Friday night, Ingrid Michaelson cooing overhead and The Waitresses shuffling plates from table to table. This place makes me feel warm inside.The Good
+ location
The Bad (everything else)
- wobbly table
- rude server
- pretentious staff and decor
The Food
The food was unmemorable, but the coffee mugs here are a shining example of the pretentious environment that values form over function. Their coffee mugs are constructed of rolled and brushed stainless steel. While some folks may think this is all well and good, the thermal properties of steel are not ideal for this mug design....  Your hand is burning one minute and the next, your coffee is as cold as the service.Came here about a month ago with a friend from out of town. I wanted to try something different from my usual spots. 
We had about a 10 minute wait. 
We were seated at the bar. It took about 10-15 minutes for someone to come and take our order. The food did not take long to come out. The food was pretty standard, nothing to rave about. 
Not sure if I will go backI'm surprised that this place only has 3.5 stars. The breakfast is delicious! Great coffee, great vibe, solid frittatas (Did I actually just say that?), awesome homemade "ketchup", and ... the cornbread. Definitely has a 5-star line just about every weekend.The service is quick. Prices are reasonable for center city area. They have a nice variety of specials that are usually seasonal. Definitely try the frittatas.Everyone who's been to Morning Glory would tell you that the wait is horrible, on average, you'd have to seat out on the patio for 30-45 minutes for a table for 2. I'm sure it's going to be even worse if you have a larger party. The service is at best a "meh", when you have that much business, it's understandable that the attention spans of the servers will be shorter,  I mean when their motto is "be nice or leave", they know they are not retaining customer by providing first class service. They can afford not to and they know it.
The reason drones and drones of customers are still waiting outside week after week is their food. I have no idea what they put in it that makes it so good, but it certainly is good. Monkey French Toast being my very favorite, is standard french toast done with bananas and mangos with whipped cream and a caramel sauce. It's a must have during mango season. Glorycakes (Pancakes) are light and fluffy and so are the very well composed  Frittatas. Though be warned if you're ordering Frittatas, you'd have to wait for another half an hour and at this point most of us are tired of waiting and are probably to famished for it. The Breakfast Burrito and The Breakfast Pizza are satisfying soft, eggy and savory and satisfying. The Pecan Waffle with the  whipped peach butter is every bit as good as it sounds. I love the home fries that comes with salty dishes, it's so good I'm convinced they sprinkled Maryjane as herbs and even me not being a corn bread guy am enthralled for a taste.
If you have the time and patience to wait for a table and have the tenacity and competitiveness to fight for the attention of your server, Morning Glory could be a safe haven for your taste buds. It's especially good if you are in the neighborhood during the week instead of the weekends, less wait and better service. You can even order Frittatas of your own design and some items that they don't have during the weekend.Needless to say if you know something about Philly, something about brunch and have been here long enough, Morning Glory better be on your list. 
The biscuits, frittatas, and pancakes are all done exactly as they should be, but just a little bit better. They don't try to get inventive and crazy because they just serve good, solid food that is consistent and awesome all the time. 
Yes, a trip there generally involves waiting. If you don't like waiting, it's not for you. The great thing is that they have a paper list, so if you want to run out and get some coffee in the italian market and then come back, you will probably not end up waiting that long.What the hell is wrong with this place?  Seriously,  DO NOT WANT!
The food was just not that good for the long ass wait we had, and the prices were a bit out of line.    This is the only menu I've ever seen where it tells you both that you will have an unreasonably long wait for your food (15-20 minutes) and to hurry up and eat (be mindful of those waiting)..   Seriously, that takes some balls. 
I had convinced my breakfasting companion to come here since so many people were talking about it. We were thankfully seated straight away by some rude waiter.  It took forever for a waitress to come over and then 25 minutes for the food to come once we had finally ordered.  Again, it was good but not OMG I CAN WAIT 25 MINUTES FOR BREAKFAST good.  
The crowd was an annoying mix of yuppies, hipsters, and your general not from Philadelphia scene of jerkwads ( That is the only reason I can think of why this place does so well is that it's a "quaint" place for people to be seen.  So that you can say you ate at Morning Glory and everyone can nod accordingly and mummer about how great their food is and how surly the service is.  I can't not stand this crap.  Where the hell were all the black people? This is South Philly at breakfast time!
I'll leave this place to the carpet baggers and go to get a breakfast somewhere else.Amazing ambiance and solid service. The menu is slightly more on the traditional side (I appreciate innovative brunch menus!) but everything was tasty.
Had the Brie & Onion omelet as well as the Monkey French Toast to split. The French Toast was really tasty- perfect for all those sweet tooths out there- and the omelet was a standard vegetarian omelet, though I did love the use of brie as layers on top of the omelet (see photo).
Again, nothing SPECTACULAR or out of the ordinary with the dishes but it's a cute spot (love the "diner" feel of the place) that is worth trying at some point.If I had to be really honest with myself - I think I love Morning Glory for the catsup sauce. They make it themselves - and mixed with a little hot sauce it's glorious.  Everything I order I just drown in the stuff... so I'm not sure I've actually tasted anything I've eaten there.
So I'm a returning customer - and I'll definitely get the craving to go again... but I think if you're in the neighborhood there are other places I'd suggest.Really really good food. And fresh!! Came here with my friend on a last minute breakfast run. We had pancakes, French toast, eggs, and sausage, and potatoes. Potatoes were seasoned, which I don't find is done often here in Philly!  We were waited on by Millie... effing awesome chick! She knew the menu, knew the clientele, and was very patient. I'd definitely recommend this place to every and anyone!This was one of my absolutely favorite breakfast establishments I ever have been privileged to eat in. I am not joking. The food was so good that I may consider a trip to Philly merely to eat here again. I love love loved it! The service was great as well! Just know to come early as the place gets packed. But anyway, everything is homemade. Even the ketchup is homemade! The eggs are fantastic, but the biscuits are truly extraordinary. The stewed apples are great as well! Honestly I left this place totally stuffed to my gills. All I can say is mmmmmm!!!!!!This place is the #1 choice for me when it comes to breakfast.  You may have to wait longer than you would like and the service is minimal but the food more than makes up for it.  I love sriracha anything.Even though I have a Sabrina's near me now, I still get cravings for Morning Glory. The ketchup alone is enough to make the trek worth it. I'm not a big ketchup fan in general (most of it tastes like sweetened tomato paste to me), but theirs is incredible. I always order home fries just so I can have some.
You can't go wrong with the challah french toast or the eggs benedict. I also love the coffee, and I find the tin cups charming.
Come prepared to wait, there are no reservations. It is a very small space, so the fewer people you bring, the better.Morning Glory is the best diner in Philadelphia.  Anyone who tells you differently is either a fool, or unwilling to wait a couple minutes for their heavenly biscuits, fabulous french toast, great granola, or wonderful specials that surprise and tantalize your taste-buds.  The home-made ketchups and jams complement whatever is on your plate and everything is cooked to perfection. 
Yes, it's small.  Yes, you will probably have to wait for a bit if you go on the weekends.  However, the friendliness of the waitstaff, the great coffee (and those weighted coffee cups!), and all the warmth of your very own kitchen make it an amazing way to spend a lazy morning.Had brunch here recently - pretty hipster joint; I was excited to go having heard great things, but this place didn't really knock my socks off as I had expected.  I did the make-your-own frittata with veggies and smoked mozzarella.  It was decent; they bring out a bottle of some type of sauce which I thought was ketchup - I was wrong. It's very sweet and I wasn't a fan.  I like that they have sriracha on all the tables, though. Being a huge brunch fan, I'd say I'd be less inclined to go here again.  I think there are definitely better spots nearby.Birthday brunch! I have been wanting to check this out since so many friends raved about it. I wasn't entirely thrilled with the meals.I hadn't eaten here in over ten years before this visit. I was really disappointed. I had a BLT which had hardly any bacon, or anything else on it but really thick white bread that was barely toasted. The potatoes were cold and seemed to have been made much earlier. My son's grilled cheese was bland; the toast was dry and the cheese used was stringy and dried out. This is also another place that in a town where lots of people drink plain iced tea, they make mint iced tea only. That last point is a matter of preference and I don't fault them for it.this place is a great bustling weekend brunch spot.
there's always a wait but it's guaranteed to be shorter than a lot of the other popular spots). there's a nice outdoor waiting area with lots of seats. inside, there's a counter where you can watch the food being cooked. the cooks and servers are generally shouting back and forth the orders, but it's sort of fascinating to watch.
the portions are big here. i usually get their tofu scramble that comes with some of my favorite potatoes i've ever had, a huge biscuit, and a little dish of cinnamon apples. they make their own ketchup and its super delish! my boyfriend got the neighborhood frittata and i stole a bite. fantastic as well! 
service is never bad here. the host promptly brings your coffee, you wait just long enough to decide what you want, and the server comes over and takes your order. they're really friendly. 
it's just one of those charming little neighborhood spots. it always feels like you're at some special little spot even though the whole world knows about it.Came here yesterday for brunch a little after noon and they were able to take our party of five. We were pretty starving and I'm so glad we came here.
I go the moglo benedict with smoked salmon and potatoes on the side.
My friend got the ann(a)'s frittata with the biscuit and potatoes.
Each dish comes with a thin slice of orange for garnish. Every time I come here I have to get:
1) the biscuit
2) the homemade ketchup
3) sriracha
and I am happy happy happy.LONG WAIT. Expect 45 minutes to get in the diner and another 25 to get your food. We were lucky that it was nice and sunny so we had a pleasant time playing monopoly deal in the park nearby. *Quick Tip* Monopoly Deal is a great way to pass the time. Anyhow, the diner is pretty small and the waitstaff/host are vastly outnumbered. We were given a seat at the bar which afforded us a view of the cooks in all their glory. It was fun to watch the beehive of activity and to see our meals being made. I have a newfound respect for the difficulties and stress that come with being a fulltime chef. They work HARD for their money!
The girlfriend and I shared a breakfast pizza. The thing just looks awesome! Pizza bread, topped with potatoes, carmelized onions, bacon, scrambled eggs and mozzarella. It was such a beauty. And I'm glad it tasted as good as it looked. Pair the pizza with some of Sam's homemade ketchup and you'll be in for a treat! The homemade ketchup was sweet, tangy, and a tad spicy. It was just amazing and I will never be able to look at Heinz ketchup in the same light.Found this place while in philly for a dr. appointment and it was very good! Large portions and pricing was pretty reasonable.I went here in October while I was visiting from NY and I have to say...I loved it...the biscuits made everything right even if some things weren't quite "great."  If I could have that biscuit recipe, I'd be in heaven every weekend.My partner and I have been coming here for years. Been together 5. Going on 6. Everything from their home made jams, biscuits, ketchup to their specials. Unlike Sabrina's they offer a country vibe with an eclectic staff that will warm your souls as well as your stomachs ; )  The Good: Jen is one of those women whose smile alone and saucy attitude will brighten up any rainy day. Jake with the mad skills in the kitchen. The Awesome: Try their Mac and Cheese. I'm a fatty and hands down their's is one of my top 3 in all of Philly.  The epic: Their brunch specials are grown up, reasonably priced, and delicious. Not to mention they have a station where you can take your cup of coffee to go! How amazing is that?  If they did catering it would be a dream to have them cater our wedding. When we have time from our busy work schedules, we make it a point to come here from time to time and relive our dates with brunch at Morning Glory.
The bad: The wait......but with that said it's frickin worth it.
The ugly: Gurl do not plan on eating anything else for the rest of the day or have any plans.....that shit is food coma central (but omg is the nap post eating delicious too)Good food. REALLY good food. I love brunch in general, but restaurants like Morning Glory cement my obsession with good breakfast places. Everything I have eaten here has been beyond delicious, and the coffee is always hot and fresh. 
Go on a weekday to avoid the crowds. Service is quick even when they're busy, the interior is quirky and bright, and they have an excellent sauce collection (homemade ketchup!)  Highly recommended. If I could give this place 10 stars, I would.I've heard a lot about this place. I went because my daughter wanted to try it. We were both excited after reading reviews and hearing about how good this place was. My daughter had the monkey French toast. She thought it was just ok. I had the roasted root vegetable frittata it was okay but nothing to get excited about. To me it was over cooked. The goat cheese and the egg had the same dry consistency. The vegetables were the best part about the meal. We also brought my two youngest granddaughters and they just had eggs and bacon and potatoes. Nothing special just your regular breakfast meal. One meal had to be removed from the bill because there was a long strand of hair baked into the biscuit (ewwww). I'm pretty sure we won't be back. I was very disappointed. I had had high hopes for this place.Great frittata and waffles! Amazing homemade ketchup and strawberry gel!My go to breakfast spot in the city. The food and the service is fabulous. It gets a little loud and crowded on the weekends, but the food makes it so worth it. When the weather is nice, there is a pretty decent outdoor space to sit. The peach butter is unreal - I highly recommend a side of it for their ginormous biscuits.Ive really come to love this place.  IDK.. i used to dislike their ketchup, now i look forward to it.  Ive found my breakfast item from here, and I'm all about frittata's now.  Coffee still is the best.. like for real for real..nahmsayingI love love love me some Morning Glory. So yes, it is a pain in the butt to wait outside, but the place is only so big and they do have a heater out in the courtyard. Besides I gladly wait for days for one of their homemade muffins(goat cheese and cherry is my favorite! Nom!) under a mountain of homemade whipped cream and fresh berries. My husband is addicted to their breakfast pizza and I'm addicted to the fact that I can get scrapple AND grits together in one place other than my own kitchen. Coffee is good and they keep the refills a-comin'. Also, 5 stars for their servers. However, for you baby-makers out there, due to wait time I would not recommend this if you have kids-but that's common sense right?One of the best breakfast places in Philly! It gets very busy but the line goes fast. The homed ketchup is delicious and the portions are very generous.This is one of my favorite breakfast spots! The food is amazing and they give you a lot of it! The staff is always friendly and service is outstanding. I highly recommend this place for breakfast.Wow, you wait so incredibly long here. We were a party of four and wanted to be seated at a table, so we expected a long wait, but 1 1/2 hours still seems a little over the top. In other words, this place is not ideal when you want to go brunching.
However, the food is practically perfect. The proportions are generous and the coffee bottomless, which is a perfect brunching kind of meal. 
The two dishes we tried were the breakfast pizza (with meat) and the focaccia sandwich (with meat). The pizza was a behemoth on a biscuit-like bread with bacon, onions, eggs, cheese, peppers and (I think) artichokes. It was awesome and filling. The sandwich was smaller but with a side of potatoes and the bread was delicious. This leads me to my next point: the spicy ketchup. This place makes their own ketchup, and it is scrumptious! Seriously, more places should make such a delicious ambrosia of a sauce.
The price is right too; despite the long wait, we would recommend coming again. Our entire meal with tip and coffee was $30 for the two aforementioned dishes. Definitely arrive early to avoid the wait though.Cute little corner breakfast spot. Open kitchen/dining concept so you can see your food being made. Food was delicious. Their homemade jam is a must-try. Def keeping this one in my breakfast/brunch rotation.Always crowded and pricey but the food is top notch and creative.  Breakfast here never disappoints even if I have to wait 15-20 min and spend $40, although for these reasons I don't frequent too often.Maybe I just catch Morning Glory on it's good days because over the past ten years I have had nothing but pleasant experiences.  I try my best not to go on weekends - the waits are RIDICULOUS.  Great spot if you can go out for brunch during the week.  Now that it is summer the courtyard is open which does mean that the tiny kitchen will get overloaded with all the orders.  They have homemade ketchup so if you want Heinz you will have to BYOB.  I have come to appreciate their 'ketchup' which is somewhere between the traditional stuff and a zesty marinara sauce.  The coffee is good and the dishes I have enjoyed here include the tofu scramble, breakfast burrito, and various incarnations of french toast.  I avoid fritatas as they usually end up dry.Saved by the following: BISCUIT, homemade jam, homemade ketchup, biscuit, biscuit, and biscuit.
Came for brunch. Surprisingly, there was no wait on a Saturday morning, and we got seated within 10 minutes of arrival. We got our coffee pretty quickly but had to wait a long, long time for our frittatas. I wasn't really impressed by the frittatas (pretty standard, large portion but not huge on flavor), but the whole meal was saved by that biscuit. 
Now I shall wax biscuit. Large, tender, moist, buttery but not butter-tasting (maybe they used something else?). Delicious with and without the jam. Why are there no other biscuits in Philadelphia? Why does this one set the bar so high? If I come back, I am coming for the sole purpose of eating biscuits. 
It's a cute place, nice decorations. A little on the cramped side, so beware if you're bringing children. Seating is low, so small parties are best. It's a very vibrant (read: loud) atmosphere. Definitely factor these things in for your visit.This place lived up to my friends' hype. But the five-star rating goes specifically to the almond pancakes special they served.  It is probably the best style of pancake I've ever had (practically up there with these heavenly coconut pancakes and coconut syrup we had in Maui.....)Sooooooooooo good! Loved the menu selections, the diner feel along with flowers adorning the long windowsill, and the coffee served in metal cups. 
My husband had the tofu scramble with potatoes and biscuit (not your normal biscuit but this chunk of yummy homemade bread) with ginger lemonade. I had the challah french toast with raspberry cream cheese topped with fresh berries. I love french toast but wasn't sure about the cream cheese, let alone raspberry cream cheese. But it was beyond yumminess. And not the sugary fake kind but the stomach-filling, healthy and fresh tasting kind. The maple syrup was just perfect. 
They also have homemade ketchup which had me raising my eyebrows when they brought it to the table. It was runny but once I dipped my potatoes in it, I was sold. 
Only bad about this place is the long wait. We got there at 10 AM with pouring rain. I had this hypothesis that with the crazy rain there'd be no one there. I was very wrong. There were 5 parties ahead of us and little room to wait inside so we all had to stand outside under the leaky table umbrellas. But with good humor and faith you'll eventually be seated, it was doable. And it turns out, worth the wait. 
I also liked our waitress. She was nice and quick to serve. Would definitely go again if we're in the area. Hmmm maybe tomorrow before we head back home!Aw man I wanted to love this place so bad. I went twice now and both times they have gotten my omelet wrong. Maybe it is because I am gluten free and cannot have their biscuits that I do not get the hype.... honestly other places have better value for brunch (and get it right!)I love this little slice of Heaven. A friend shared his secret with me. And all I can do is dream of returning to the French Toast. My first time was to a Nutella filled delight that had me lose my sensibilities. Almost licked the plate it was so good. Whenever I kick it with him he treats to Morning Glory. Love this place. Wish it was in Germantown too.Here from San Diego and my sister took us here.  OMG - so so good.  So many homemade, thoughtful dishes. I had vanilla lemon zest waffle and added blueberries and their own strawberry sauce.  Heaven.  I'll be back before we leave.  My sisters had their biscuits and potatoes and eggs.  Highly recommend!Delicious.  Ordered 2 specials Black and White stuffed French toast and Thank a Soldier Eggs. Both winners, check it out.Let me start by saying; Morning Glory can have its homemade ketchup because I want nothing to do with it! (I know it's has it fans and I respect that, but it's not for me.) 
Now let me say; folks, coffee is a hot, highly acidic beverage and I have no interest in having it served to me in a stainless steel mug like I'm Hawkeye Pierce. 
The food at Morning Glory is ok, but could easily be come by at various new and better brunch joints all over Philadelphia and you won't have to wait nearly as long to eat.I used yelp as a resource to find a place to try for breakfast while on my trip to philly. I had the cinnamon crunch french toast. It was exactly as described and delicous. The girlfriend had a meal of various breakfast foods. Their biscuits and potatoes are very good. Beware of their homemade gypsy ketchup. In my opinion it's too tangy and runny. I would probably bump the place down to 3 and a half stars if I could. They try to ram their liberal agenda down your throats here with witty comments on the menus and on the chalkboard wall. I prefer to keep politics out of my breakfast dinning. They also only except cash. So keep that in mind. The girlfriend loved the place but she's a little bunny snowflake. So it was right up her alley.This place really has the atmosphere down. Walk through the doorway wreathed in actual morning glories and into a classic diner setting. It's a transporting and relaxing feeling.
However, from there we hit a few bumps. They had no orange juice, for one thing. Whaa? Also, some things were still listed on the menu that were no longer available (like cherry chocolate toast). Our waiter was pretty disconnected as well -- never a great thing. 
The food made up for it, though. My pecan waffle with peach butter combined the best aspects of savory and sweet, the nutty waffle batter marrying nicely with the melting fruity topping. I was full for quite a while that day. 
The details needed to be tweaked, but Sam's serves a solid meal.I'd come here over Sabrina's in a heartbeat.  It feels like less of an ordeal and they aren't trying to live up some preconceived notion of greatness.  They just do their thing.  Yeah the service isn't always polite, and it's a bit crammed, but if you ask me, that adds to the charm.  I always leave Morning Glory feeling super full & satisfied.
Major props for being the only place in Philly (to my knowledge) that makes their own ketchup (I know it's a contentious issue, but I'm on the PRO side).  Some of my friends think it tastes too sweet for their liking.  
Their hours are not ideal & the wait outside is sometimes annoying, but they are very veggie-friendly, portions are extremely generous, and it's one of the few places where I actually enjoy sitting at the bar.  Now that I have my snazzy new bike, I'll definitely make a trip over here again soon.The short review: 
I'd heard such good things about this place before I went there - it's a shame my experience was so awful, mostly due to service. The experience might've been salvaged if the food was amazing, but it wasn't ... it was normal diner food. Overpriced diner food.
 If you're looking for an enjoyable, relaxing breakfast where you don't get yelled at for asking for anything, DON'T go here.
It might be different on a Wednesday at 10:30 am, but us poor work-a-day folks on a weekend brunch schedule deserve a decent breakfast experience too.
The amazingly bad details:
1) You'd think that a veteran breakfast joint would know to have a lot of food available on a Sunday morning. We tried to order FOUR different items off the specials list, and the server crossed off each one as we ordered it. He then checked, told me there was one order of X available, and ten minutes later, came back to tell me he was wrong, and that was sold out as well. How does a diner run out of food?? C'mon. It's ALL YOU DO, people. If you're a diner, you might want to, I don't know, have more food available. So we ended up with overpriced, normal eggs, pancakes, bacon. Fine if we're going to the Melrose. NOT fine when we pay $30 for breakfast for two. 
2) My companion asked if they could add bacon to the frittata - the server snapped "No special orders today!"  Um, okay. Fine. No need to be snippy.
3) Any server worth their salt will be able to deal with a busy Sunday brunch with minimal problems. This particularly cranky server forgot to bring the hot chocolate (after I reminded him twice), forgot ketchup, forgot the pancake syrup (twice), and totally forgot our order of grits. Then gave me a dirty look when I asked for these things again. I'd normally give some slack because it's busy, but when a server makes ME feel bad for asking for something a few times... well, that's pretty inexcusable. Again, it's what you do. Don't be bad at it and expect a good review. Or tip.
5) When we got the not-small check and noticed grits were still on the bill, we asked about it POLITELY. The belligerent server then snapped that he already took it off, and then said to the host (still within earshot to us) "I hate that f***ing table." Seriously? For politely asking one question after you've overcharged us, don't have anything on the menu, and forgotten everything we DID order? Bullocks to that.
You couldn't pay me to go back to the Morning Glory, and if a friend asked me for a choice between this place and another, I'm pretty sure I'd always choose the other. Shame.Shit dude I didn't know there was a Sam's in the name.
This place is fantastic. The service is amazing, the food is amazing, the coffee is amazing. Also the wait is too long, there's no booze, no outside, and worst of all, the low hard ceiling makes it LOUD AS SHIT in here, so even though I live next door I never ever come here ever. Hawthorne's is always right down the street and I know I can start eating within 7 minutes of sitting down.Monkey French Toast is my favorite!!!  If you get a frittata, make sure you take someone else with you to finish it.  It is ginormous!  Minus one star for long wait time and at times sucky service.  Minus another star for not accepting credit/debit.This place is truly a sleeper. Philadelphia is a great city for brunch and you always hear the same names being tossed around. Honey's, Green Eggs, Sabrina's. Although all of these places are amazing in their own light, I would put Sam's right up there with them. 
One Saturday afternoon my girlfriend and I attempted to go to one of the said named places listed above. The hour + wait wasn't an option as it was already late in the morning and we were on the verge of getting hankry. A buddy of mine told me about Sam's so we left where we were and came here. 
Sam's is located in Bella Vista, just a hop, skip, and a jump away from South Street and different from South Street, you can actually find a parking spot. Although the place was packed, we were seated right away. Some highlights of Sam's: everything is made to order, the breakfast creations are fun and unique, the coffee is hot and fresh, and everything is delicious. In case that is not enough to sell you on coming here, then let me tell you specifically about the food. 
I ordered the breakfast pizza which came with potatoes, caramelized onions, mozzarella, scrambled eggs, and bacon, and yes it was as delicious as it sounds. My girlfriend got the tofu scramble which was also phenomenal. I was also lucky enough that she gave me a few bites of the fluffy buttermilk biscuit that came accompanied with her dish. Oh and the homemade hot chocolate was also out of this world. 
I would love to come back here and will be sure to give them an extra star if my next experience is anywhere near this one! 
P.S. Come prepared with green as they are cash only!OMG me and my family loved it and the biscuit it's fabulous the atmosphere it's great. I will definitely  go back.Mo Glo is the best diner in Philadelphia.  Take it from two people who are from the Midwest and are obsessed with diner food.  My husband and I are regulars - we used to live around the corner so one might just assume it was a matter of convenience, but even now that we do not live in Bella Vista, we visit as often as possible.  We've tried the other places (Sabrina's, Honey's, Green Eggs, etc) and, for us, nothing else comes close.  The biscuits are the best I've ever eaten - crunchy on top, moist in the middle and just a tiny bit salty.  I love their pancake specials and am usually lured in - they are thick and fluffy, never greasy or flat.  My husband usually orders some kind of meat and eggs with a biscuit and side salad (the homemade dressing is amazing) but occasionally will branch out for a special such as biscuits and gravy (not to be missed!)
Please understand, this place is a diner - it's small.  Don't arrive after 10am on the weekend and expect to be seated quickly.  That being said, even when I've waited in the cold or rain, I've always thought it was worth the wait.Quaint little breakfast joint with good eats. They make their own ketchup, and serve every meal with marinated apples. I ordered a fritata and it came with the biggest crustiest,  fluffy biscuit ever. You can get grits with your meal too. The staff is young and dreamy, and the restaurant includes an outdoor patio.This was my Sunday ritua for breakfast and brunch.The host is freaking hilariuos. Although there is a good wait for a table, its all worth it their food is amazing. I love the metal coffee cups. I love that this place had its own personality.   The waitress will make you feel at home. I love this place and will keep coming for many years. Oh Morning Glory I Love YAThis is going to come off as pretentious, but to really enjoy this place, you need to have the right expectations. I see a lot of first timers coming in with big groups and immediately get turned off by the wait time and line ahead of them.
The place is small, and the place is popular so take it into account when you decide to go.  Sam's is not the type of place to go with a big group, or even more than two people in my opinion. If you aren't willing to sit at the counter before you make the decision to go there then you'll be pretty annoyed at the wait time. Go there by yourself (I've done it... call me antisocial) or with one other person and it should cut your wait time significantly as well as some of the tables really only fit two.
Onto the food, I think its great. I've ordered Steak and Eggs 80% of the time I've been there and its always been an amazingly flavorful and balanced meal: two eggs (choose how), steak, potatotes or grits, biscuit, and usually one other fruit-based side.
The coffee is great and they keep it coming. If I remember correct the juice is fresh squeezed. I also really like the homemade ketchup which I put on the home fries. 
Other items on the menu look great. I've had a few other items and remembered enjoying them as well.Large portions, decent prices, informal service, good with refilling waters (this matters), and most importantly: good food. Got the veggie frittata and it comes with nicely seasoned potatoes (though not very crispy) and a biscuit. I will say, the ketchup tastes strange. (not sure it was even ketchup tbqh.)My favorite Saturday morning breakfast cafe in Philly!!! Excellent orange juice, filling breakfasts, LOVE their morning potatoes with their home made ketchup. There is often a wait and it's crowded but so worth it!!!Today was nice day,,so my Brunch Buddy & I wanted to try out this place. 
Maybe its just me,But I determine my Rotation in Brunch places based on my Coffee.
Lets Start:
It's located on 10th & Fitzwater ,,you have to enter in the patio area, self sign in. Seating very limited, counter and only couple tables & booths. We sat at the counter,ordered our coffee which came in steel mugs-felt like  I was camping-lol. 
The blend was Morning Glory's blend, Sorry to say it was very watered down..couldnt taste coffee. Then after second refill..it was Only slightly better. Our waitress was personable, food was good, But Coffee not good..** Not good combo for me to return!!! The French Toast had bananas & mango drizzled with caramel that was on Point!! Not good enough for me to go back though-sad to say. If you can't get the coffee Right-it just won't work for me!!! : ( Sigh-it look so promising too.
For those who just wanna get their grub on, this is great, I need both to work..my coffee & food. Kinda like Peanut Butter & Jelly, it's a combo thing!!!Another one of my philly favorites. Amazing breakfast spot (probably going to wait a while on weekends, you put your name on a list). Its been a while since I've been here, but its always been really good. I like the coffee, too. Food isn't expensive, but is of good quality. I like the people eating and working here, too.I'd been here many years ago (before it was Sam's?) and had had a great experience.
Today's trip was less than memorable. Today starts a holiday weekend, so I am going to give them a pass for the long wait and very sloppy 11:00am outdoor situation.
Interior was very hot near the kitchen so I would suggest when going in the summer wait for a corner interior seat close to the10th street side.
The food was just... well- ok.
 I enjoyed my short stack pancakes- (meat side was very pricey for the small portion size) My s/o had the garden frittata. She reported it was heavy and dry. Apparently it was also a carb fiend's delight- as it had potatoes inside the frittata with an extra serving of potatoes on the side - Also came with homemade Biscuit (tasty)  
I try and go for the humor in these reviews, and would usually work to find one nice thing to say about a place that is giving its all to be a great spot  just south of downtown - an area that always needs great spots.
I think Morning Glory at one point gave it's all- and doesn't have much left.One of the best places for breakfast this side of Broad Street!  A smart looking diner on the edge of South Philly, the pancakes and egg dishes are all exceptional, with a generous use of seasonal fresh fruits and vegetables (right now they are using peaches in the pancake special).  The waffles are crisp, light, and tasty.  If you go on weekends, be prepared to wait.  I suggest trying it on a weekday instead.After waiting outside in the cold for over 20 minutes, I was ready to quit. But my friends urged me to wait just a bit longer - and I'm so glad that they did.
As soon as I had a mug of their delicious coffee in my cold little hands, all the awful memories of the cold melted away.  The stacks of waffles piled high, the fluffy omelets, the crispy bacon, the french toast, all aided in my recent memory loss as well.  The food was perfection.  My only complaint was that I couldn't shovel it in my face fast enough.  
I think that my boyfriend may be right, Philly is definitely a hotbed of amazing eateries.  Now if you could only teach the good folks at DC.why is this place _always_ packed? i'm not so sure. it seems philly peeps stick to a routine even if it means waiting for an hour for brunch. we go here on monday mornings and skip the weekend hangover zombie attack / infantilisation. babies are not appetizing unless you're an ogre or perhaps a mountain lion. 
food here is consistently better than sabrina's. specials are creative and i concur with others: the biscuit is the go-to choice if you're into dessert for breakfast. if you're not, stop reading this, call your bff, and tell him or her to get over there right now and slap you across your savory little face.
oh, yeah, they're open for lunch, too. being a vegetarian, i like the seitan cheesesteak. it's a different animal than govinda's, but still major-league caliber. 
i'd grant this place a 5th star if only the people i didn't like would stay away. 
one last tip: use the ketchup bottles to clear some space if the riff-raff get too feisty. they've got the necessary heft to intimidate accordingly.Service is slowwww. I've been here for an hour already and still haven't received my food. Took them 30 minutes just to take our orderWent this morning at opening, 8 AM, and had to wait about 10 minutes. To the whiners who were with me, please ... chill a bit. 
Once at the counter, food was fast... delicious and prompt refills on coffee. OJ was fresh. It's a somewhat small place,  seats about 50-60? No outside service this morning, the patio was the waiting area, with about 25 people waiting. So, it's a popular place.
I had the Neighborhood frittata, red-skin potatoes and a side of turkey sausage. All very, very fresh and savory. But, it was too much  even for this big guy. So, don't order the side unless you're sharing.
Prices were reasonable for the portions and quality. It's not your typical greasy spoon.
Needless  to say, this Bella Vista guy is going to become a regular. No bitterness with this reviewer.My boyfriend and I finally made it here yesterday (after talking about it for months). The wait was about 20-30 minutes, which I half-expected as I had read reviews for Morning Glory before and they all said to get there early and bring cash. There were a lot of people there before we were, so I consider our wait time pretty quick. 
We each got a cup of coffee. I ordered my old standby, French Toast (they make theirs with challah, which I LOVE) and a side of 2 scrambled eggs, and my boyfriend got your standard breakfast plate (scrambled eggs, sausage, biscuit, potatoes). The coffee was really good! My french toast was what I always dreamt french toast would be and my boyfriend was almost speechless over his sausage and GIANT biscuit. The eggs were perfectly done. 
Our server came back to check on us and another server was walking around with coffee and water refills (love!). Everyone was great. 
We got our check, discussed our surprise at how cheap it was, handed it to one of the servers with our cash and left. Happy and satisfied. 
As I am reading some of these reviews, I can't help but notice a couple complaining about the wait staff and the wait time. I didn't go in there expecting to be seated right away and I didn't go in expecting to be babied by my server. I did, however, get what I came for...DELICIOUS food at a great price with fast, efficient service.After eating here this morning and several other times over the past year it's time to write a review. 
I'll get right to the point. After this mornings experience I'll be all set if I never go back to this restaurant. The bad experience started with the wait to be seated. Don't get me wrong, I don't mind waiting. But I do mind when the host seats two couples before you that signed in after you. That's piss-poor. And when we politely addressed the host about this after being seated he brushed us off. So blonde-haired thirty-something in the white shirt on Sunday morning, you're a real douche. How hard is it to follow a sign-up list man? Really?
So after we get our food, which was delivered by the host, he bolted without asking if we needed anything else or giving us enough time to even ask. Well guess what... We did. There wasn't any of their "special" ketchup on the table and ketchup is essential to home fries. So I had to flag down the busgirl in order to get some. Which speaking of the ketchup ain't so special. As a matter of fact it isn't good. It's just passable as something to dress up the potatoes.  
Speaking of the food, it's really nothing to get excited about. It's kind of limited and honestly Sabrina's just around the corner is way better.
So over the last year I've not been terribly impressed by Morning Glory but not enough for me to write the place off. But after this morning I'm done with the place. I'll give my business to Sabrina's where the staff are way more friendly, the menu has better choices, and the food is far better.Sam's Morning Glory has bangin' macaroni and cheese. They also have pretty good dessert-y style brunch items. Everything else is either meh or eww, including the service.
Our biggest beef with Sam is that he insists on making his own ketchup. This would be a noble feat if it wasn't so doggone nasty. Do yourself a favor and bring along a couple of Heinz packets. 
Sorry, Sam.Cute little diner with home-made ketchup! I loved the atmosphere at Sam's Morning Glory Diner. Food was delicious and it's a good place to go for a cozy, comfortable breakfast or brunch experience. I'm more interested in the experience than the actual taste of the food. If you're like me, I'd highly recommend this place (although food was good too!!) :)Sam's Morning Glory Diner is still my favorite breakfast & brunch place. Everything I've had is fantastic! Some of my favorites are the frittatas, breakfast potatoes, homemade ketchup, coffee, blueberry pancakes, real maple syrup, & homemade jams. Love all but the wait, expect long lines on weekends. Also, cash only.I'm generally suspicious of diners that only take cash (check century plz) and have reputations for huge lines. The latter is often a shroud for mediocre food - the huge lines create "false consciousness" about the quality. 
Happy to say that this is not one of these places even though they only take cash. We got there a little later and avoided the lines. We had a raspberry French toast and a neighborhood frittata (some egg thing). They also make their own ketchup and it tastes way better than your typical "Heinz" thing. So why 4 stars? 1) cash and 2) they brought out my eggs and sausage way before the toast because of a whipped cream shortage. That's just not good diner supply chain logisticsYou'll wait, but it will be well worth it.  This place has so many delicious breakfast options.  I'd go something with eggs for your order so you can opt for the biscuit rather than toast.  It's amazing.  Even better is to go with someone who likes to share and have them order pancakes so you can have the best of both worlds.  Good coffee in cool metal mugs.  Great energetic atmosphere.  Not a quiet relaxing spot.  This isn't your grandma's diner.They have these delicious pancakes with a very unique different flavor, very very good though. And then I ordered an omelette which had tomatoes, bacon, pesto and cheese so freakin good with potatoes and their biscuit is to die for, I was already stuffed yet I managed to eat it all haha 
I highly recommend this place and definitely coming back again.Morning Glory...no better name befits this place. 
I've lived in Philadelphia for a couple of years now and have been to Morning Glory many, many times. I can't recall ever leaving the diner without feeling satisfied. I decided after visiting the diner today that I owe it a review, so I've finally buckled down to write one. 
Starting at the beginning...yes, you may sometimes wait 30 minutes in order for a seat. That just underscores how many people adore this place! It's worth the wait.
I love the fresh squeezed orange juice and the couple of times I've had coffee, I've really enjoyed that as well. Usually I stick with a fritatta because I LOVE them (the daily specialty or my go-to breakfast, the Neighborhood fritatta), but of late I've decided to try a couple of other dishes. Their french toast is very yummy, the pancakes are light (and I go gaga for the whip cream with it). Once there was an apple/bacon quiche on the daily special menu and it was HEAVENLY...man, still shaking my head at how good that was. The buttermilk biscuits are always delicious, especially with their homemade jam. Potatoes are really good, esp with the fresh homemade ketchup. And their muffins are a real treat - I've only tried them a couple of times, but  they are SO, SO good. Really, you can't go wrong with anything you choose. 
Compliments to the chef for always keeping a myriad of options on the menu. I love coming in and seeing what the daily specials will be. They're always so creative. 
Anyway, one reviewer asked why this place, a diner, would get 5 stars? Well, for many, it is our go-to spot for brunch and it NEVER disappoints (at least it hasn't disappointed me yet).  
If you're thinking about visiting, you should go! I hope you enjoy it. Bon appetit!Reminds me of a wanna be southern diner.  Their potatoes and biscuits are the best items they serve.  Cash only...it's 2015 people no one carries cash anymore!  It's hot inside in summer so come ready to sweat while you eat.  If you are a vegetarian or vegan beware.  You can probably make a better tofu scramble at home.My favorite breakfast spot in Philly (and maybe anywhere). Small dinner sort of vibe. The food is out of this world  and cheap. The make their own Jam and ketchup that is out of this world. They also have their own blend of coffee and have these great stainless steel cups they use for coffee. The only downfall is if you go for a weekend brunch be prepared to wait (outside).Loved this place I would like to visit it frequently. Seating is light but they have a neat patio with fires going for the waiting area. The biscuits that you get are out of this world, and the owner/staff are all super friendly.I am a bacon egg and cheese on a kaiser from a cart type girl, but Sam's is really good none the less. I went on a weekday morning and avoided these lines I see people talking about, and I love the coffee in tin mugs.  Would definitely go back. Philly needs more quaint breakfast spots like this place and Sabrina's so, maybe I'll go from three to four stars.The wait on the weekends are terrible, but if you are craving the Glory Cakes with fruit - you wait!  Try the turkey sausage, it's a patty and is pretty amazing.  If you're nice and polite to the waitstaff, they're nice to you - easy enough people.  
If you'd like to experience MG without the horror of a wait, check it out for lunch on a weekday afternoon.  I think that's when it's at its best.After experiencing their homemade ketchup for the first time, me and my girlfriend went on a mission to recreate it. It was Serious. We went to three different places looking for horseradish and even ended up shooting over to jersey to hit a liquor store that sold 25oz corked microbrews so we'd have a fun bottle to put it in.  
And after grocery shopping at multiple stores, buying loads of beer, and crossing and recrossing state lines all in the name of creation and ketchup we finally got into the kitchen and had no idea what the fuck we were doing.  You might as well have given the ketchuping supplies to two drunken-autistic children because we basically just made a shitload tomato slop. Vinegary gazpacho for breakfast, lunch, and dinner never tasted so defeating. 
Yes. Morning Glory, A Finer Diner.
If you were open all night, you would be my secret lover.Huge and I mean HUGE Fritattas! Come to this place with an empty stomach. The Ginger Lemonade was refreshing and I might attempt to recreate at home if I can. My friend had one of their quiches that looked good. 
Selling point at this place, the portions for the price and their homemade ketchup! Yummy, slightly spicy, the perfect compliment to most of their egg dishes and home fries.
Go early as seating is hard to find. It's a self sign up wait list and it gets packed pretty early. We lucked out and got there in between shifts so we only waited about 15-20 min for a table.Not really a fan.. This is my second time coming and the food hasn't improved. I asked for American cheese in my grits, i got provolone. It was only us and anther table...food still took bout 30 min. Homemade ketchup was good thoOkay, So I have been to this place twice and very disappointed both times. Especially since I've heard great things. First, if you are expecting the servers to be friendly then this is not the place for you. When you walk in there is no host/hostess, there is a sign in sheet.. The first time I came here we did not know this. We walked in and were ignored for about ten minutes until another couple who was eating there told us of this. four servers walked by us and completely ignored us. they could of said hi please sign in or just a welcome sign in sheet is behind you.. but no. The seating outside was empty both times I've went. We waited for 30 mins until someone called our name. We asked to sit outside but they said it was only for parties bigger then four. If they sat smaller parties outside the wait would of been shorter for many people waiting. Once we finally sat the server was not friendly. We thought maybe it is just a busy day so we decided to try this place a again. But same thing happened.. rude service. The food was just average. I honestly wish hawthornes did not burn down so i could of saved myself from coming to this place.Came here this morning to try it out because my teacher was talking about this place.
The wait wasn't too bad. It would have been better but it was pretty chilly today. We got to wait in their outdoor seating area.
Inside was a bit smaller than I expected it to be.
I had the Monkey French Toast and the boyfriend had the Breakfast Pizza. Both was pretty good and they had their own kind of ketchup that was good. I went home with the leftovers and used normal ketchup and it just wasn't as good.
Only thing was that it was really loud! Gave me a headache waiting for the food.Sam's is one of those places that is legend in the Philadelphia brunch circuit, but I will admit, I didn't expect it to live up to the hype. I'm not usually a brunch person - I prefer to sleep in past brunch on the weekends - but one morning after a boozy evening out I dragged myself out of bed for brunch with two friends, and we headed to Sam's.
Due to its popularity, I'm told that wait times can be pretty epic. We arrived around 9am and were seated right away, so if you're wondering how early you need to go to avoid the crowds, there it is. 
Some notes on the food you may not anticipate:
1. There is a pot of jam on every table, and the flavor you get is the flavor you get - no switching. But don't worry! I have a feeling they are all delicious. The blueberry certainly is.
2. The biscuits are big enough to split three ways, so if you're with people and biscuits don't come with your meals but you want to try the jam, just know that everyone does not need their own biscuit.
3. They make their own ketchup, and it is really closer in taste and consistency to marinara sauce. Still tasty, but not really ketchup.
The food is AMAZING. Just really, out-of-this-world delicious food. I had one of the specials, a three-mushroom frittata with a side of potatoes and a biscuit. It was truly outstanding, hot and soft and they did not scrimp on the mushrooms. The potatoes were perfectly seasoned. Also, the portion sizes are HUGE. I made three meals out of it all! Sam's Morning Glory Diner exceeded the hype, and I can see why it's such a beloved establishment on the Philly brunch scene.I like this place but not as much as I used to. I like that the food is locally sourced and organic, however, I wish they had some veggie-meat options that other breakfast joints of their calibur offer. I had the breakfast pizza, and it was just way too much focaccia. I understand, that what focaccia is, but i think a less-doughy bread would serve the dish better. Service is ok, not rude, but not friendly.Has a cheap dive feel, but who cares, the food is incredible. We had the Eggs Benedict Asparagine, and minds blown essentially. Also rhe portions are quite generous. Side note there's a green park near by as well as Philly's Magic Garden.I love this place! The food is differnet and delicious. Service is friendly and prices are reasonable. The only down side is getting a parking space but it's worth trying to find one.Really great breakfast and brunch place. Good food and quick service! Definitely worth a try.I effing love the Morning Glory.  I live across the street so I can just roll out of bed and assess the lines.  If they're bad I go back to bed and wait.  I know they can be brutal though and I wouldn't wait in line for an hour to eat there.  They have never messed up my order which is nice b/c I'm a vegamatarian who dines frequently with a celiac (no wheat).  
Their scrambled eggs are scrambled with unicorn tears or something b/c they're so freaking good.  And I could drink the homemade ketchup.   The tofu scramble is good but a little greasy.  Blueberry pancakes and real syrup?  Sign me up!  The focaccia-egg sandwich is meh.  The fritattas are good but I never want to wait.  Oh the potatoes!  mmmmm so herby.  Nice strong coffee in the best mugs ever.  You can't buy them, I tried.
And of course the glorious, wonderful, magical, Mac and cheese.  Get a block to go and it will feed you for days.Been here two times and always falls short.  This CASH ONLY diner needs to learn the motto, "service with a smile."  Each time I've dined here, the wait staff has been nothing but rude and miserable.
The food is OK at best.  The only thing that saved my meal is the homemade ketchup to drown the dismal food in.
The set up they have as far as seating goes is also something to be desired.  Write your name on a list yourself and wait for a half hour for someone to come out and look at it.  Then wait another half hour for that same person to come out and look at it again.  After one hour of waiting, ask the hostess how long and get a, "I don't know, didn't you write your name down on the paper and look at it?"  NICE thanks captain obvious I did look at the paper and notice that the bar is EMPTY with a packed patio, so here's my question, when are you going to seat the people waiting at the patio inside?We went here for breakfast Sunday morning and just missed the crazy large brunch crowd that was arriving in masses when we were leaving so thank goodness for that blessing. Never having been here before I wasn't really sure what to expect, but it was nice. The place was small and they had you sign in outside the door which was something new to me. Service was very fast and they seem to be extremely well organized. My daughter and I split 2 meals half and half. We had the monkey french toast and an egg and cheese sandwich. The monkey french toast was very good, not too sweet. I was afraid it was be like a coating of sugar, but it was perfect. The egg sandwich was okay. It was dry and the cheese wasn't melted all the way through. I didn't care for the home fries. They were overly seasoned and not very tasty to me. My husband got the st patty day pancake special which he devoured. We all tried to homemade ketchup and my husband proclaimed that they need to bottle that stuff up and sell it. It was so tangy and tasty.Some of the best brunch food I've ever had. They don't take reservations, so be prepared to wait for 45 mins! Dont worry, it's worth it! The ketchup is fantastic!!! I recommend the frittatas!Love this place! BYOB makes for a perfect brunch spot for mimosas. Frittata was delish! Adore the coffee mugs.I've always gone this place with a long line. Now I understand why. Monstrous portions of frittata. Delish french toast. Biscuit is a bit on the dry side but complements the jam well. Didn't have breakfast and really didn't need dinner after!This place took me a while to review because for the first few visits I didn't feel a warm welcome from the staff. No smiles, no how are you. Im in the food business myself and service and personality goes along way in this business. All I look for in the morning is eggs,bacon and hash browns. It's simple easy breakfast foods, and this place tries to complicate the menu. They do have a great selection if you're trying to eat healthy for breakfast.  My wife loves this place because the home made catchup. I love the jam that is offered by at each table. Make sure you get there on a early time because this place does get packed on the weekends.If you're going for brunch after a long night of good times you'll be tempted to give or take a star based on how long you have to wait and what kind of weather there is for waiting in.  
Great nouveau diner style food- just enough gussying up to arouse your taste buds but not leaving you shaking your head wondering why you couldn't just get some damn french toast.  
And they make their own delicious, slightly spicy ketchup!The level of population ranges from pretty crowded to very crowded, and for good reason.
They have excellent, creative Brunch specials that change all the time and are always worth giving a shot.
I have never, ever, been disappointed by a meal at Sam's. Some of the best breakfast I have ever had.
Not to mention their life altering Mac N Cheese. I still to this day sometimes regret leaving Philadelphia because of that tasty monstrosity. Perfect hint of pepper, cheese to noodle ratio...I'm going to start drooling just thinking about it.
Even if you order of the regular menu and get a standard breakfast you wont be disappointed, everything is made with fresh ingredients and talented kitchen staff and it shows in the every last bite.
Don't wait!My fritatta was good, though a bit overcooked on the bottom.  The coffee was good, and the bread (I substituted from the biscuit) was hearty and great.  I enjoyed the homemade ketchup-not too sweet and a bit spicer than run-of-the-mill Heinz.
Every visit here as been excellent.  Good coffee, quick service.  For those who enjoy scrapple, it's good to know that the scrapple here is really good.  I've have fritatta, a traditional two-egg breakfast, and various specials including Mexican-style egg dishes.  Not a bad meal in the bunch. The last time I visited, the baked eggs weren't to my liking, but that's because I didn't like the kind of cheese they used.  
Portions are huge.  Ever had leftovers from breakfast?  You will here.
The weekend wait can be long, but we opt to go on a weekday instead. It's worth getting up early (or going in to work late).i thought it was ok...
a friend and i have been meaning to get together for awhile and she raved about this place. apparently it's a very popular joint. everyone i mentioned it to knew of the place and also raved about it. so maybe that's why i thought it was just ok? everyone just built up my expectations? well, i admit i'm also a customer service snob...
so, we got there around 130pm for lunch and luckily we were seated immediately! i was starving lol i wish i would've known it was cash only so i pulled cash out at an atm that doesn't charge a fee, beforehand. whatever, that's not their fault...it's my friend's lol anyways, they have an atm machine inside.
the guy who sat us was very friendly and so were the two women behind the counter when we were paying. BUT our server was just not very personable at all. i understand that they get super busy and have a high turnaround BUT it wouldn't kill the servers to be more friendly...i mean...it IS a customer service job...just saying...
well, everyone raved about their food. i ordered the garden something frittata with potatoes and toast. the toast and potatoes were pretty delicious but i thought the frittata was just ok. their ketchup was also ok...just wasn't in love with it.
well, that's all folks. my two cents. would i go back? sure, maybe if i'm in the hood and felt like it...would i go out of my way? probably not.I wrote off Morning Glory for a while. I think it's because the menu mainstay is the housemade frittata, and over the last year or so I've made some awesome ones at home. So why would I go out to eat at a place that doesn't do anything that I can't do myself? That thinking was a mistake. I brunched with Bryanna last Saturday.
Fair warning: Weekend Morning Glory can cause epic waiting. We were seated in about twenty minutes, which isn't bad at all. The weather is approaching where they can open up the back patio, which is great asset.
My visit reminded me that I love so much about this spot. Coffee is served in stainless steel mugs. They have delicious homemade ketchup. The biscuits served with the meal are thick and buttery, and can be topped with jam. And the rest of the food is fantastic. I ordered a frittata with cremini, portobello, and shiitake mushrooms. I loved every bite, and it was a filling meal. Bryanna had the breakfast sandwich, claiming it was her favorite in the city. It's served on some seriously awesome foccacia.
The service here was pleasant, and the prices are right in line with any diner/brunchery. The menu has a lot of choices, and there are daily specials to supplement the choices. 
Bottom Line: Morning Glory is excellent. It's near the top of my list for favorite brunch spots.Great place to have a weekday brunch or a quick meal during the week.  Consistent service, fair prices and tasty food.   Homemade ketchup and the biscuits are baked fresh in house.Cute place...I had the breakfast burrito 7/10. The old ball and chain had a star berry French toast thing 10/10...home made ketchup 10/10.Sam's Morning Glory has become a bit like Honey's Sit N Eat for the South of Market crowd - the wait is long, the food is decent, and the hype would have you believe that it's the be all, end all of brunch in this city.
I would probably bump it up to 4 stars if I ate there more often. The problem is that I don't go there often. I take one look outside and see the already surmounting line, and I start thinking, "You know... if we head over to Sabrina's now we can probably score a two top right away."
I feel bad saying that because I generally like Morning Glory. I always judge a brunch place on it's french toast first, and the Monkey French Toast is excellent. Other dishes like the breakfast pizza and the frittatas are excellent, if you don't mind the extra time it takes to cook them. The coffee is always served hot, and I've never had a problem with the service.
Perhaps on a weekday or an early weekend morning, I'll be more inclined to go to Sam's Morning Glory. I'll probably enjoy it as well.We waited for at least a good 30 minutes outside in the cold to try this place, expecting it to be great for the normally long wait (in the cold, no less!). So, we ordered 3 entrees total with a side of bacon. The short story? None of it was that great. Maybe we just picked all the wrong things, but hey that's a lot of wrong things. We both love food, so the fact that we packed some to go and STILL didn't even bother finishing the leftovers means it wasn't worth it. I apologized again and again for suggesting to come here.
What I thought was okay, and "good" only in comparison to the rest were the eggs and maybe sausage. I'm not sure how you're supposed to eat grits but it's very tasteless, less favorable than plain congee. I tried to eat it with the sausage which made it better.
The monkey french toast I got was lacking in flavor, bananas are mild so it didn't add flavor but the french toast alone was just, bready. The peaches didn't add much either. I liked the french toast better at Cafe Lift much more.
The pecan belgian waffle seemed delicious at first but as it wore on, wasn't as great. The biscuit top was great, the rest was just ok.
I don't think I would come back here, but I'm willing to give it the benefit of the doubt that maybe the sandwich foods are better. Definitely not a brunch place to take a date.Wonderful experience! Sunday brunch with the family, the smells, the tastes, everything was delicious and the portions generous. Worth the waiting outside in the cold for a tableHome-style breakfast food. It has ups and downs. On the upside, if you don't really like to cook and want something homemade, you can come here and get your fix. On the other hand, if you cook regularly, you can make just about everything on their menu...which was exactly what I was thinking.
It was a long wait (~30 minutes) when we came and we had to wait outside (and it was really cold).
Overall it's not as "cool" as Honey's Sit 'N Eat. Also it's really hard to find parking in this neighborhood.I was disappointed yesterday with this place. This place has been my all time favorite for breakfast for many years but after eating there yesterday, it doesn't make the top 5, maybe 7. the woman with the dark hair who is normally always so friendly was rude and seemed to have an attitude when I asked to sit away from the burning hot grill. The food was just ok but the potatos were terrible. They looked liked they were boiled and copped, no flavor. very disappointing. They use to give you a biscuit the size of your head and the biscuit yesterday was very, very small and not as mpoist as it use to be. After driving around forever to get a parking space just to eat here, I was so disappointed. Was not worth the time or calories. I hope this was just an off day and nlot what sam's morning glory has become. very disheartening.......This is what you want for breakfast. Cash only, gluten free bread options made from the local GF bakery. Delicious and well-priced!Every now and again my boyfriend and I take short little road trips close to home.  After seeing Sam's Morning Glory Diner on a show on Netflix called The Best Food Ever, we wanted to try it out.
Upon arrival we signed our names on the sheet and had to wait outside in the cold for an available table.  Fortunately it was a bearable 10 or so minutes.  The service was friendly enough, the food was excellent, and the atmosphere had the homely diner feel.  
Between us both, we ordered the monkey french toast, the breakfast burrito with potatoes, and the pancakes.  The monkey french toast was to die for and typically I don't care for sweet breakfast food.  A must try!  The breakfast burrito and potatoes were also amazing.  The spicy sauce and homemade ketchup made it.  
We felt somewhat rushed, but it's expected for such a busy little place.  Regardless of the rush and waiting in the cold, a second trip is expected.  It's worth it!  The Best Food Ever made a fantastic recommendation!Probably the best breakfast I have ever had  since Dantes caf closed 2 years ago. Friendly staff. Very attentive! Great coffee and good vibes!! Recommend 110%I went here recently for my birthday with my girlfriend. I got Steak and eggs with home frys, homemade biscuit and a side of warm cinnamon apples, and she got a vegetable/bacon frittata. In my opinion this place is one of the best, if not, the best breakfast place in the city. The food is great and pretty inexpensive. The place runs like clockwork, I usually try to sit at the counter just to watch the chefs cook eggs, breakfast meats, home frys and a range of frittatas.Food was great and large portions - BUT - wait was unacceptable.
No one in front and empty tables all around but still 35 min to sit and long wait for ordering and longer wait for foodToo long a wait for mediocre food. They did seem to want to seat a singleton either. About 4 other parties of two who got there after me were seated before me. Also cash only which is printed in tiny script at the bottom of the menu. It's annoying not to be able to pay with a card. This was my third visit. Won't be returning.Split a banana bread to start; the whipped cream was a delicious addition to a pleasantly moist, flavorful banana cake.  Can't go wrong with the fresh strawberry and blackberry.  I love these kinda of breakfasts - start sweet and end savory.  ONTO THE FRITATA!!
 Not even sure I spelled that correctly, but I digress.  A delicious egg mixture with spinach mushrooms bacon.  A delectable feast wrapped in one.  I loved the way the flavors and the textures were molded perfectly together for a hearty and healthy breakfast.  Some potatoes, a carmelized apple side, and I substituted bread for biscuit - don't hate me, I don't like biscuits!
 I think my favorite part of Morning Glory is the unexpected atmosphere.  You can watch the cooks, who for the most part look like they just stepped out of the tattoo parlor, but I'll be damned - they KNOW how to cook.  MG serves coffee in tin cups...who does that?! A really sweet throwback.  A patio for you to hang out in while you wait for your table.  Overall, a huge thumbs up of you're in the mood for a solid breakfast
Foods good, price is right, and the wait staff is pleasant.Food is decent; parking sucks; servers are fab; prices are climbing.
Why not take reservations w/a credit card # and apply A $15.00 charge if the party doesn't show?Awesome neighborhood  breakfast / brunch spot. Great food for a cheap price!  
Reminder: Bring cash as this is a cash only place.This place was great. Not only was the food awesome, but the service was friendly and fast. The biscuits are unreal. When I asked the server if I could pay with a check since my debit card had been lost last night, the owner took the check and told me she was buying my birthday present, I was astonished! She was so sweet! Can't recommend this place enough!Amazing food.. was impressed by the authenticity of all of it.
I don't understand why this place only has an average rating! The food was absolutely delicious. Service wasn't super amazing and we weren't allowed to sit outside, but the people were nice and the atmosphere was relaxed. 
I ordered two eggs with bacon and got way more than just that.. 
Homemade ketchup that went amazingly with the potatoes; 
Homemade applesauce with green apple chunks; 
Biscuits with homemade apricot jam;
Boyfriend's pumpkin bread.
Recommended!Have you ever wondered what would happen if you took the style of food served in a typical American diner, and developed it into an artful form of cuisine, and took it to the highest levels of beauty and subtlety?  Come here and find out.
This place looks like a regular diner from the outside (and from the inside too!) but the food here is just extraordinary.  Everything from the condiments (the peach marmalade was otherworldly, and even the ketchup gets your attention) to any item I've tried here (I've been here once but I was so excited, I tried everything everyone ordered) was simply outstanding.  This place seems to make more things from scratch, putting its own spin on them, and whoever cooks the food definitely has a very sophisticated sense of balance: everything had just the right combination of flavors, and after eating a lot of food, I came out feeling very good, fully satisfied but light and energized, the way the best food makes me feel.
And there's a beautiful outdoor patio too!
And the best thing about this place?  For how great the food is, it's about as non-pretentious as you can get.This place is soo perfect for breakfast.  So many huge eggy, bready, pancakey-things to choose from it's overwhelming.  The staff is so friendly and very tight-knit - it's fun to watch them laughing and joking around with each other during the crazy busy Sunday brunches.  There is most likely always a wait out the door on Sunday mornings and you have to sign up on a sheet and wait in the patio, but it's well worth it.  My favorite is the breakfast burrito, but I'm currently perturbed with them because the last time I was there it was not on the menu, alas, there are still so many amazing choices on the menu you can't go wrong.  Do wish they took credit/debit, though.My 2nd favorite brunch spot after Green Eggs.
A more limited menu, but it's a small spot. i.e. cozzzzy, sometimes bumped around when you're in the middle tables.
I love the Monkey french toast, the biscuit with home made jam, the smoked fish bagel platter, and the various fritattas.
The only obnoxious thing, is sometimes there has been a 30 minute wait to order, and then an hour wait before the food gets there, (2 hours for a group of 6, after ordering, with NO apologies)  and then you're rushed through the rest of the meal. Expect icy service occasionally as well.
I generally come armed with coffee, so that tends to calm my hunger pangs down.The place serves good quality breakfast compare to your popular breakfast chains. I will go again anytime I get the chance! Beware of long lines and roaming around for street parking. I recommend the pancakes!I saw Chase Utley here. Automatic 5 stars. Also, tofu scramble is out of this world.This place is a very small and cozy place. It would be even better if they were easy parking, but the food is great enough that it doesnt even matter if there's parking or not. I would recommend this place 2 people that are crazy about breakfast.I really liked this place for breakfasts during the weekdays (I.e. no crowds and no wait). Best good 'ol American breakfast. Biscuits are to die for and the eggs/toasts and frittatas were amazing. They have a nice, simple black coffee that I could drink all day. A great morning-after place since it opens early.I have mixed feelings here. My food was great - fantastic banana pancakes (maple syrup!!!), and my eggs were nice and fluffy, not greasy like "Diner" can so often imply. The Saturday morning Sign In, whatever, I waited for about ten minutes on the patio in the sun. There were groups of 4 and 6 waiting for tables. I got in solo at the counter, fine by me. The employee vibe inside was a little weird - can't completely explain it but it didn't feel completely "comfortable," and it was tough to get a refill on my coffee (which was excellent) or to get the check. The place was clean. The food was tasty. I'd go there again, yeah, but it's not a Must-See.I've been hearing people rave about Morning Glory for years, friends and family, so we decided to come here for a meal on a Saturday afternoon. 
We were seated almost immediately and the restaurant was fairly full at the time. Menus were dropped off, indicating that brunch was what they were serving. We had spied the menu before going since we are vegetarian and while breakfast wasn't really what we wanted, their lunch menu had some options. The brunch menu, unfortunately, didn't offer much outside of sweet and savory breakfasts and grilled cheese. The salads all had some sort of meat and were a no go. 
I had the creme brle french toast, which was a good sized serving of challah bread with raisins and blueberries baked in. The syrup was a bit watery but the fresh whipped cream more than made up for it. Overall I was pleased. 
My wife had the grilled cheese which was strangely flavorless and needed some salt. The potatoes on the side were lukewarm. She ordered a side of Mac and cheese which came out as three different sized triangular slices or varying degrees of warmth and dryness. Again, kind of bland. 
My mother ordered the special summer frittata which looked ok. She seemed to enjoy it but it seemed dry and she needed to add some of their house made ketchup to give it some flavor. Her potatoes were also cool. The gigantic hunk of a biscuit was the star of her plate. We all had some and liked it. 
Service was a tad slow considering the place had emptied out by time our order was taken. Coffee was good. 
They were decent but not the superstar brunch spot we heard so much about. Disappointed but I would give them another shot.I'd been wanting to try Sam's Morning Glory Diner for years, but hadn't made it there until a few days ago! When my dad asked for suggestions for a place to have brunch near Queen Village that offered a variety of options so as to satisfy him, my mom, and my cousin who recently moved to Philly, I gladly suggested Morning Glory.  My dad put our name on the list as soon as we arrived and it took us nearly an hour to get seated, but it ended up being worth it.  The place appeared to be short-staffed, as there was one person responsible for bussing tables, serving drinks, and manning the table waiting list and one person responsible for serving food, but once we were seated, we were served in a rather time-efficient manner.  I settled on the Monkey French Toast (challah french toast stuffed with mangoes and bananas topped with caramel sauce and whipped cream--AMAZING!) and some of their house-blend coffee.  Prices are reasonable as well.  Sundays tend to get very crowded, since they're only open for breakfast and lunch, but I'd be willing to return on another day of the week!Been here many times, food is great & staff is friendly & welcoming! Loved coming here until they started posting inappropriate political posters on their windows. I'm all for having your own opinion & showing it but the hanger poster (about abortion) is over-the-top & I felt very uncomfortable even walking past it.  Lost me as a customer. In my opinion, businesses should stay neutral.So I am here to admit that I may have been wrong. My previous review was a bit harsh, (though true) and as such I decided to do a repeat visit to Mo Glo this past weekend. 
We got up EARLY for a saturday. and were in the waiting line by 9:30 - yes there was already a wait at 9:30. We came prepared though, we got some coffee from Who' Fo' while and got cash back to pay for MG- as it is cash only. We waited for about 20 minutes- which is not bad considering how long you could potentially wait. 
The food? we both had specials- and they were both pretty awesome. I'm the eggs fan and the bf is the pancake/french toast connesieur. I had their crabcake breakfast- I was definitely trying to relive my favorite meal ever (chesepeake benedict from Mad Batter in Cape May, NJ) - now it was not like my favorite meal. The crabcakes were filler-y however, the lemon dill dipping sauce was delightful. Their biscuits are extremely tasty. AND the waitstaff was in a good mood! probably because it was early :) 
Anyway. if every time becomes like this last visit I can honestly say I can see myself being "Yay! I'm a fan" about them more often. well done.Best brunch spot in Philly! Amazing biscuits, fast service, and great ambiance. I love this place.Went on a weekend morning with my girlfriend
When we got there we immediately noticed a wait... Went to the outdoor waiting area and put our name on the list... About 35-40 minutes later we were called.
We were seated and my girlfriend was immediately impressed with the table setup and the coffee cups... Everything on the menu looked like it would be delicious.
We split a short stack of choc chip pancakes...some scrambled eggs...an order of potatoes (they provide really tasty ketchup as well)...and toast.
Everything was delicious.. The price was right and the service top notch.
Probably best on a weekday as the weekend wait was a bit long.
Top notch breakfast place though in a battle of morning glory vs sabrinas... sabrinas takes the cake.I ate brunch at Morning Glory with my friends a few weekends ago. We got there around 11am and had a bit of a wait, maybe 15-30 minutes. There is outdoor seating and indoor. It's a small place so I expect they usually have a wait for brunch but the staff clearly work very hard so it shouldn't be too long/you cant get angry at them. I had the creme brulee style challah french toast (came with thick whipped cream) which was insanely delicious and very rich so I felt like I never wanted to eat again afterward. I was a little disappointed by how big the portion seemed at first (didn't seem like much, especially since it was kind of expensive) but I was so stuffed afterwards. My friends got dishes that included eggs, potatoes, and toast and they had HUGE portions. Great trip all around.Morning Glory is worth the wait...oh, and you will wait. Regardless of the weather, there is always a line for breakfast/brunch. 
I like to sit at the counter, even when I go with a few people, because the cooks are entertaining to watch and always friendly. 
The food is fantastic, although, NO substitutions to the menu on the weekends. I had the best tuna melt of my life there last spring (a special) and the frittatas will blow your mind. Leave room for a biscuit, even if it doesn't come with your meal, you won't regret it.I would definitely give this place 5 stars if the wait wasn't always so long! If you can make it here for breakfast on a weekday do it, but I have mostly written it off as a weekend spot because it's definitely at least a 2-3 hour commitment even for 2 people because of the (warranted) line. 
I love the spicy homemade ketchup and their frittatas are always creative and delicious. Because of dietary restraints I haven't  had their biscuits for a long time, but 2 years later they remain memorable as the best biscuits that I ever had. The service is consistently decent or better, and I love the slightly kitschy country-urban interior and  the tin coffee cups.Daaannnng, lemme get some coffee, eggs over hard, and one of them BISCUITS every day for the rest of my life. Hands down my favorite breakfast spot. Just get there EARLY on the weekends! And don't just walk on in - ya gotta sign your name on the list, fool!Was in yesterday morning and it was so packed but they were courteous and amazing as ever. I got pancakes with strawberries bananas blueberries and chocolate chips! I got potatoes, coffee and my boyfriend got his burrito and scrapple. All that under $30 (not including tip). This place is still our favorite place :DMy favorite breakfast place. Love the coffee, pancakes, frittatas, bacon, home fried potatoes, homemade ketchup, and everything I've had except.... the long lines waiting for a table!...Oh, did I forget to mention real butter, maple syrup, and homemade jam!I love Morning Glory!  My favorite dish is the smoked salmon, goat cheese, and asparagus fritata.  Morning Glory offers you an experience..it's not just the food.  The decor is lovely and the staff is incredibly friendly.  If you're expecting to wake up on a saturday or sunday and mozy on down to MoGlo for a quick breakfast/brunch, you're delusional.  But it's not like the wait is a secret so come prepared to occupy your time while you anticipate your hunger being satisfied. I usually write my name down and then walk over to the numerous coffee houses in the area, grab a cappuccino, grab a paper, and go back to MoGlo until my name is called.  It's a full morning event but definitely worth it when you taste your first bite!Great Sunday morning brunch place if you are looking for a change from Sabrina's or green eggs! Their homemade ketchup really will go with anything you choose off the menu. I usually opt for the Fritatas as they are best known for them!Recommended to us for good brunch, my buddy and I decided to check this spot out on a Thursday morning...our first full day during our short stay in Philadelphia. 
I ordered the tofu scramble (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/-DGsnMlRrR_tv8avrpQLQw?select=IkIvxGPOEQRs_4mBjLJs8w), complete with a biscuit, potatoes and some apple cinnamon sweet dessert side, along with green tea (served in this cute tin-type cup with a slice of lemon). Pretty good. I don't know what I expected the tofu to look like. I guess I just wasn't quite expecting tofu squares...but something that more resembled scrambled eggs? Oh well. 
She ordered granola with soy milk. She was going to order granola with yogurt but they don't have plain, just the fruity kind. 
We didn't have to wait. We sat ourselves down. I've heard this spot gets pretty crowded on the weekends. 
If I'm back in town, I will definitely come back to order other (just-as-yummy, if not more) food items.this place is great for brunch! i had to wait 15-20 mins to get in on a weekend; the place is a long cubby, hole. i ordered the eggs benedict (as my usual), would've liked it better if the toast wasn't as thick. bf ordered the frittata which he loved, and we split something desserty but it's escaping my mind, which goes to show you why i think this place is just a-ok.I was really excited to brunch at Sam's, but it did not live up to the hype.
The coffee came quickly and was good. It was served in tin cups with tin containers of sugar and cream already on the table. The host got us our drinks and dropped off the menus. We had figured out what we wanted to order well before our server even introduced herself. I get that it was a busy brunch, but she'd been to the tables on either side of us and gone. 
I ordered the stuffed cannoli french toast and a side of bacon, and my boyfriend got the maple bacon waffle. The food took long enough that it was just annoying, and my food came out slightly cold. The whipped cream on my plate had started to melt, and the bottom layer of french toast was soggy. Boyfriend's waffle came out hot, but without the whipped cream (made fresh by the kitchen) and he was half done with the waffle by the time they brought it.
That said, boyfriend said the waffle was the best he ever had. I thought the bacon was great. The stuffed French toast, however, was just so so. The French toast itself was cooked ok, nothing special but no complaints. The stuffed part was pretty bad. It was "cannoli filling" -- but I think it was just ricotta and chocolate chips. The filling had melted by the time it got to me, and the melted ricotta had a grainy texture, and the chocolate chips melted and mixed into the cheese. Just not the greatest flavor combo and I'm big on texture so ended up scraping most of it off and just eating the French toast by itself. I'm sure it would have been better if the kitchen had timed it to come out fresh. 
The atmosphere was cute, felt like a typical diner. The patio was adorable, but they were only seating parties of 4+ out there for "efficiency." It was diner noisy, but the had big fans and a nice breeze was coming through so it was an enjoyable spring day.Great breakfast choice. Unpretentious, friendly, great food. I had the "Cranlemon Waffle" special. A lemon flavored waffle stuffed with cranberries and topped with blueberries and strawberries. The addition sides of vanilla whipped cream and maple syrup to top it further completely put it over the top. Easily the best waffle I ever ate.This place is pretty good.  
The monkey french toast is interesting but not the best in town.  But the selection of unique sweet goodies is pretty outstanding.  There is always some strange type of stuffed pancake or waffle that are usually pretty good.  Went there again today and had a maple bacon waffle which was great.  
The toast is almost always burnt a little.  The ham is usually the same (burnt taste to it).  They have a few different hot sauces which is nice.  The mac and cheese is also pretty good (baked, served with green onion).
The wait is usually pretty long on weekends and the fact that it's so small that you have to wait outside is very annoying, especially when it's cold.
Overall, I like the place but not my first choice unless I'm in the neighborhood already.Sunny morning on Saturday, and there were four of us. Standing 45 min outside with a warm breeze. (Make sure you sign your group in next to the door, or you'll never eat! And bring cash, so you don't end up washing dishes for them.)
We sat at the counter, where I satisfied both my buds and curiosity. Just two people working, concocting my colorful dish and then placing it in an oven to bake (secret to success!). It was a steamy show. 
I had the salmon frittata, and it was GRACED by a fine biscuit, an absolute buttery treat. Pink fish, steamy frittata, and I never want to know what goes in that golden baked delight. Gimme more. To go box, please.
This place is about a dollar cheaper than Sabrina's, and next to a nice park where Little League happens. 
We stuffed ourselves and watched the little Gators play on.OVER RATED TO THE MAX. 
We waited outside huddling like hobos by this little fire for 55 minutes for a table for two. 
The food wasn't even that good to be honest. 
The biscuits and homemade blackberry jam was kinda boss. But other than that, this place is 100% hipster hype.I cannot say enough. BYOB cash only. The glory cakes are beyond compare. I've tried so many menu items but these are the best. Their homemade ketchup is unique and definitely something to try as well. Don't dawdle when you eat here, it's fast paced as there are many customers waiting outside. Put your name on the list as I assure you it's worth the wait. Service is fine, nothing to write home about but no issues either.Sams was a great hole in the wall breakfast spot.  The wait wasn't too bad, and the food was very filling!  My only complaint was the process of waiting. When you enter you must put your name down on the sign in sheet many people forget this and attempt to seat themselves or try to write their name down ahead of other patrons. A hostess would be ideal here!While I am generally a fan of Sam's, and have enjoyed decent breakfasts on a number of occasions since moving to Philly seven years ago, today was a disappointment.
You see, now Sam's is letting people sit outside in its patio. It was a gorgeous day, so I went home and convinced my wife that brunch would be amazing outside. 
When we got to Sam's it looks like we were in luck, there were plenty of empty tables. But, there was also a little sign that said patio seating was reserved for parties of four or more. But surely the rule could be bent? The rush was over... But no! The staff was adamant, we had to sit in the tiny, dark dining room. The rule was not flexible. 
We found the staff's illogical decision to be unacceptable and left. Two blocks away, we found a great outdoor table at the much busier Hawthornes. I hate to say it, but I am glad Sam's refused us that outside seat.
On the walk home from a tasty brunch, I peeked into the patio area at Sam's and found it empty, but for a bunch of uncollected plates. I'm baffled at the notion that a restaurant would let customers simply walk away when they have available empty tables and nobody to fill them. I'm not being critical just because this is the Internet, I know plenty of people the food service industry--including a few who own or run restaurants--and this just seems like an anomalously stringent and unnecessary policy.
Frankly, the sourpuss attitude did not just cost Sam's this meal, I had hopes to sit in that patio at least a few times as the summer winds down. Fortunately, there are a gazillion other options within a few minutes walk; the neighborhood has come a long way since Sam's was one of the few good options for a weekend brunch. :-)
Update - the policy changed and all is well. Worthy of 4 stars now.A great way to spend an entire Sunday morning...
-----
Because that's how long it will take to get your order!
Just the facts:
Cash only
 Almost everything, is made from scratch, including the ketchup
Army mess hall-style coffee cups (but it's insulated!)
"See Jane Burn" Hot sauce - funny label, not so funny heat (cayenne pepper + oleoresin cayenne = woah!) 
Awesome breakfast pizza - light, fluffy focaccia. I recommend getting it with breakfast meat. 
Frittata italia - ok, not great. But the freshly made biscuit helped salvage it.  
VERY LONG WAITS - from getting seated (30-40 min) to getting your food order (another 45 min), unless you get the monkey French toast or pancakes. That's before you even achieve fork-to-mouth time. Yes I know it's brunch, but it's annoying that people seated after you get their orders sooner. 
If I cone back, it has to be on a weekday.The bottom line: DELICIOUS food, but hit-or-miss service. I guess its what happens when a place has an hour long wait outside in the cold, limited space inside, and 2 cooks working like mad in front of the bar stools to meet the 50 orders that keep coming in at a time. 
On the outside, it looks like just a diner, not much. But we did wait an hour and waited another 20-25 minutes inside for our food. But oh man, was my Stuffed Monkey French Toast delicious! Who knew - mangoes, banana, and caramel between two delicious but not over-greasy or over-soggy pieces of fluffy challah bread?? Genius. My husband tried the gardenkeeper frittata (his first frittata!) and LOVED it -  came straight out of the oven! We saw it cooked from start to end as we were seated near the grill.  They give big portions too - big frittata, HUGE slice of biscuit (which was... okay - it looks better than it tastes), potatoes and some baked apple side.  Oh, and their fresh apple cider is killer. Perfect to warm up to after the wait. 
Left with a full and happy tummy, raring to go and start the day. The wait was worth it, just for the food and in spite of the rushed feel to the whole place. Cash only, btw.So this is a special, going back in time experience. The food is not exceptional, but not bad. They make their own ketchup, and mange jam. Service is nice and friendly. We had a very nice experirnce, but won't necessarily come again.After a 45-minute wait, and SO much prior hype, there was NO way that Morning Glory could possibly live up to my expectations. 
Yes, everything on the menu sounded so delicious that it was hard to settle on final picks. Yes, the side potato's were gloriously seasoned. But, the air conditioning was blasting on me, and I was freezing the entire time.
This feels like a bratty review, but in all honesty I think that if I had never heard of this place, and had just stumbled across it (with no wait!) I would have been blown-away by the experience. But, throw in a couple of pit-falls with sky-high expectations, and this place just couldn't deliver. 
(Despite my bluster, I'm sure I'll be back.)Food was good. The cook was a cocky jerk. Really bad when they sit you across from the cook that slammed the door in my sons face.My son was watching him cook  from the outside waiting for a table trying to kill about a hour. Then this jerk slams the door so my son couldn't  watch him cook . TASTELESSThe food was great! I had the eggs Benedict Florentine and my boyfriend had an eggs breakfast with bacon and biscuit. Definitely get a biscuit, they're huge and soft and delicious! The Benedict was really good - perfectly poached eggs, crispy toasted challah bread, ham (could have been a little crispier, but still good!), and a really good hollandaise. Both breakfasts came with home fries/potatoes. Mmm, loved them! We did get an OJ, really tasty but $4. Not sure it was worth that much.For the longest time I've been told to come here for a really good breakfast. I ordered the two eggs breakfast combo (my choice of eggs, a biscuit -- which was huge -- and roasted potatoes), sausage, and a cup of coffee. It was ALMOST a perfect meal. 
The biscuit, aside from its massiveness, was flaky, fluffy, and light. It was somewhat dry, but a few pads of butter fixed that. The roasted potatoes were superb! The sausage was eh, it was extremely flat and reminded me of those cheap sausages you get with a McDonald's breakfast combo. The eggs were OK; I ordered them over easy, so I excepted the whites to be solid but the yolk to remain runny. I was mistaken - the whites were still quite raw on the top, it was pretty nauseating. Undercooked egg whites is one of my biggest food pet peeves, so I actually lost my appetite about halfway through the meal. Back to a good note: the coffee was quite delicious. 
The atmosphere was very homey and the servers were all polite and attentive. Prices weren't too bad; between my party of three our bill came to $31, so you're looking at a pretty reasonable cost of around $10/head. I can see myself coming back, cheap sausage or undercooked eggs won't tarnish my view of the ENTIRE restaurant, I just hope that I can write a better review next time around.I came here with a few friends on a Sunday morning, however we didn't get seated until noon. We had a large party and waited for 50 minutes until we got seated.. After walking into the restaurant, I can see why we had to wait so long because this place is extremely tiny. There were not much space for anyone to walk, it was like being cramped up inside a home. The server was great, she immediately apologize for the wait and took our orders for drinks... For my meal, I ordered eggs and toast and potatoes.. They were good.. You can't really go wrong with eggs and potatoes.. The potatoes were seasoned with Rose Mary, it was flavorful and seasoned very well.. I did not like the fact that they did not have real ketchup.. Instead they had this prego type sauce in a wine bottle & the waiter said it was ketchup.. The sauce was actually good if it was on my chicken Parmesan.. Not on my potatoes..!! The grits.. Omg the grits taste like baby oatmeal.. (Don't get grits) I also ordered one of their special cakes (pancakes with lemon zest something ) I forgot.. It wasn't good.. The homemade maple syrup was extremely sweet. I thought I lost my tooth from eating that on my pancake.. My friends all ordered different things.. I did enjoy eating my friend's Chicken salad.. That was really good!! So good that she ordered another one to go. This place has great service, but their food is just ok... I think it's just overly hyped.Quite possibly the most delicious breakfast I've ever had. Sweet, sinful Jesus! Get the frittata, pack on a short stack (it's scrumptious beyond measure), and wet your whistle with their perfect iced coffee, with service that's calm, gracious, and genuinely nice no matter how busy they get. And as the sun streams through the windows, for a brief while, you can imagine you're as beautiful and amazing as me. (Tho' hopefully with a tighter butt, shinier hair, better gaydar...)Morning Glory is my go-to brunch place. There's just something about getting my coffee in that tin cup. And those biscuits - Woah! The basics, like the Neighborhood Frittata and Pancakes are delicious.  The wait can be long, so if you can, try to go early in the morning or just suck it up and eat at the counter  - which I prefer anyway - I enjoy watching the cooks. 
Worth a try for sure.Pretty good breakfast.  I really like the coffee here.  It is cash only, but worth the walk from the house for a nice brunch.We stopped in for brunch this morning and decided on the breakfast pizza with bacon and the tofu scrambler, accompanied by the tin mugs of coffee.  The pizza was very good and topped with plenty of srambled eggs, carmelized onions, skillet potatoes, crispyy bacon, and cheese.  The only thing that would have made it better was if they had used semi-cooked fried eggs with soft yokes instead.  That's just a personal preference (all salmonella concerns aside) because I love runny yokes.  While it wasn't as amazing as the breakfast pizza at 2 Amy's in DC, it was still delicious and very nicely priced, to boot ($7).  The crust is a bit on the thick side with a dense consistency, though, so maybe "pizza" is not quite the right term.  The curry-flavored tofu scrambler was great, and it came with a buttery, crumbly biscuit and homefries.  The portion was very generous and there was plenty of spinach,  onions, mushrooms, and peppers; it's a great vegan option.  In fact, this was the first time that I have had a tofu breakfast scramble since coming home from Cambridge (and leaving the Friendly Toast behind...I'm still working on getting over the break-up).  The curry seasoning was flavorful but didn't go overboard on the curry, and the potatoes were simultaneously crispy and soft.  They were fantastic when paired with the homemade ketchup, which is not as sweet as Heinz's but more like a thick marinara.  The coffee was very meh but we just went to Anthony's for our espresso fix after leaving here.  The downside is definitely the wait.  Weekends are perpetually crowded and the wait is always very long.  If you are in a hurry, I would head elsewhere but if you do have time, I would definitely stop in.  Service is just okay, but it was very busy so you can't expect 5 star customer service quality in that context.  The fritatas looked very good so I will be trying those next time.Morning Glory is a great spot for anyone in the Graduate Hospital / Center City! Although, traveler beware, the wait can be long. I ate here today with my girlfriend and waited about 30 minutes... Outside. Luckily they had heatlamps but still, not ideal. The food itself was incredible, very comforting, savory breakfast meat and potatoes that were prepared very very well. The orange juice is handmade on site and is the MVP. I'll admit that restaurants always loose points when they're cash only, but this place can get a pass for now. The staff is friendly but brief since the restaurant is typically packed from open to close.I've been coming here for years.  It is one of my favorite breakfast spots in the city.  The food is great, the service is great, and they even have these crazy cool coffee mugs that blow my mind every time- the coffee inside is hot, the cup is metal, but its totally not hot on the outside.  Clearly I'm a nerd.  
The one thing that DRIVES ME CRAZY about this place is the katchup.  Katchup is Katchup... preferably its Heinz... but other times its not... and that's not great... but it's ok.  This brown gunk served in HUGE wine bottles is not katchup... its gross.  Its gross and it ruins my potatos... which i usually take home with me so i can put normal katchup on them and enjoy them the way that potatos SHOULD be enjoyed... or if i'm feeling clever, I'll BRING katchup with me in little packets.  I say that having TRIED their katchup.  I can't even think of it as another condiment, or a sauce.  I just don't find it good... and it makes me sad because it ruins a place that otherwise would be SO fabulous in my books.
The good news is that they always have a line... so clearly they're doing alright...This place had a cozy, local vibe. We went for breakfast and the food was decent but nothing special. Server recommended the breakfast burrito which we got along with the focaccia breakfast sandwich and pancakes. The burrito bowl was our favorite.5 star pancake dish!  I'm a touring musician, and I eat breakfast at a lot of restaurants.   Some restaurants stick out in my memory as an excellent experience.  It's been awhile, but the breakfast at this place was so good, I think of it every time I cross the border to philly, and my mouth waters like pavlov's dogs.  (unfortunately, since then, I've always had some obligation which got between me and Sam's, but I'll be back!)  I had their glorycakes with peach butter.  The thing I miss most from my life when I think about this place is that sweet peachy buttery goodness.  If you're looking for a pancake breakfast, this place hits the bulls-eye like robin hood.Deeply disappointing.
I have been here many times before and loved the experience but today was boring and unfulfilling. I had the monkey french toast and instead of sauteed bananas i had plain old bananas sandwiched between room temperature french toast. I did ask them to hold the caramel sauce and I guess the line cook does not know what today without the sauce. Usually the french toast is flavorful and the bananas are awesome but it was boring and I had to force myself to eat it. 
Clearly they are going through some changes. The wait staff seemed not to be interested and overworked. I am hoping the restaurant will do better next trip way in the future.A good old diner standby. Went for Sunday brunch and had to wait forever--but you know that going in. Food probably isn't worth the crazy wait time, but it is good. Coffee could be better. The jam is great. My eggs were perfectly cooked. The ketchup is fantastic--a little bit spicy. Nice fruit cup--nothing canned or unripe.THIS PLACE IS DELISH. I came here one day with my girlfriends after we went out to go clubbing and we were very indecisive on where to go eat. We were driving around, looking on yelp, googling places up and saw this place. There were a couple of people ahead of us and this place was packed. The food was great and fresh. I liked the vibe to this diner, compared to other ones. And the service was great. Everyone was very friendly and attentive. If you're hungry, come to Sam's Morning Glory Diner! I'm from Maryland and if I came back to Philly again, I would sure be a returning customer.The food here is awesome. It's awesome enough to be worth the wait. For 10 dollars, you can get a frittata that could feed four people. The biscuits are to die for and the homemade ketchup rocks. The pancakes are huge and fluffly and wonderful. I never know what to order when I go, since I want everything.  I'm taking off a star because one of the waiters is a little eccentric and not in a good way. Also, make sure you have cash, it's cash only.My favorite diner in Philly!! My boyfriend and I have been going here religiously for about a year now and we are in love. It's a sign in place, so they don't take reservations, it is strictly first-come-first-serve basis.  On Sunday, this means you'll probably have to wait a while if you have more than 2 people after 11 am. And it's CASH ONLY, just a warning to take money. Do not sideline this place based on that. It is SO worth it. It's small and by no means quiet. It's lively and the staff is so friendly. I usually get the focaccia breakfast sandwich with turkey bacon and the potatoes (grilled with rosemary yum!), and top it all off with their home made ketchup!! It's interesting and fresh (especially cold) with herbs in it. My boyfriend gets the breakfast burrito with chorizo and a side of scrapple that he can't even finish cause it's so big. The price is perfect, it's about $26 for two people, so definitely affordable. So happy to have found this place! It's also BYOJust tried this place for the first time. My boyfriend and I came on a weekday around 10 or 11am. There was no wait for us, a few tables were open. The place is small but cozy and comfortable, though I wouldn't bring a group larger than 4 (maybe 5, if they were very tiny people).
We started with coffee, which was hot and tasty. It's served in dented tin mugs that remind me of old-timey inmates clinking them against cell bars, or homeless people jingling them for loose change. Anyway, I enjoyed the coffee and the charming/puzzling use of tin.
I got the breakfast burrito. It was exceptionally delicious. The sauce on top was absolutely perfect. I love a hot, spicy breakfast, and this was exactly what spicy breakfast dreams are made of! My boyfriend added a different hot sauce to his food, which was also very good. 
We also asked if we could have just one pancake on the side to share, and the server said, "Of course!" The pancake was sort of dense in a way that we both loved. 
The other customers were a diverse looking bunch, which I appreciate. We made buddies with the table of middle-aged people beside us, who I overheard excitedly discussing the homemade ketchup. (I actually didn't love the ketchup, a little on the sweet and thin side, but my boyfriend liked it).
The only reason I'm giving this 4 stars instead of 5 is because I felt slightly rushed to finish. There wasn't a line of people waiting, but the second I put my fork down to have a sip of coffee the server asked if I was ready to box my leftovers. He was friendly enough, though, and on a busy brunch morning I'm sure I'd appreciate the efficiency.We came here for brunch and loved it. We waited for 20 minutes and got to sit at the counter. My daughter had the shrimp salad samwich. She loved it. There was alot of dill in it. Hubby had the tofu scramble. He expected tofu scrambled eggs but it came out diced tofu with curry seasoning. It was pretty good. I had the breakfast pizza with scrambled eggs. Pizza was topped with caramelized onion, eggs and mozzarella cheese. It was pretty good. Service was great. The chef was cooking nonstop. She looked a little scary with all that tattoo and the gigantic creepy holes that she has as earrings. Hope we don't get hep C from that! Overall, she's a great cook and I would definitely return!Creative and DELISH with buttermilk biscuits that are awesome!  Great service and prices.Notes:
Properly cooked eggs (If you read my other brunch reviews, you know that is a sticking point for me)
Too loud on the weekends. Too long of a wait. Dont go. 
Go early on a weekday, relax & enjoy the counter with a Daily News
Cool coffee cups
Great sausage
Doesnt take cards. Wtf...
Amazing desserts
Exactly the same as it was 10 years ago
Conclusion: 
The Morning Glory is a good, reliable choiceExcellent food! The fire pit outside is really cool!  The service was ok, but it's always busy and I'm sure there's a lot going on. It's very tight inside, but the food is worth it. The home made ketchup is amazing! I ate a salmon fritata and it was amazing as well!Wow...I thought San Francisco had great food, but this place really made my morning (which was much needed as it was pouring outside, I had just come off a red-eye flight and couldn't check in to my hotel)...Philadelphia has come a long way since I lived there.
Looks I came at perfect time- Friday mid-morning, as it wasn't difficult to get  a seat, and it didn't feel cramped as all of the other reviews suggested. We ordered the pecan waffle (amazing)- unfortunately, I thought the delicious fruity yet creamy whipped concoction served with the waffle was some sort of whipped cream...so I ate a lot of it..but I think it was butter, which now makes me a little sick to think that I ate a small bowl of butter...so beware!
We also got the breakfast burrito, which I normally don't get when outside of california/southwest region...but this was goooood..poblano pepper, eggs, cheese with homemade spicy sauce- need I say more?
I wish they had a sampler platter where I could've tried 2 bites of everything on the menu because, seriously, everything looked way too good to be true.  The surprise came at the end, as our bill was so reasonable it made me reconsider moving back to Philly...
Note: This place only takes cash and the staff is friendly but sarcastic..which can be good if you're in the mood but annoying if they don't like you.Wasn't my favorite. The food was okay... Nothing I haven't had before. It's a small place so be prepared to wait outside. I had the green eggs and ham. The eggs were ok. The ham was delicious. The potatoes had too much seasoning and were covered in Rosemary which I am just not a fan of. The biscuit was ok as well. Not bad, just didn't blow me away.Walked by Sam's on the way to another brunch hotspot and decided to try it out.  The waiting area is outside, but they have heaters if it is cold. You sign your name on a clipboard and list your preference of seating, 1st available, bar or table. There is limited seating but the food is prepared quickly, so the line moves at a good pace.
I ordered the pecan waffle which was very good, served with fresh homemade whipped cream.  Dining partner ordered eggs with bacon, biscuit, and potatoes. Staff was friendly and attentive. Would not recommend it if you're looking to have a leisurely brunch with a large group of friends. More like a eat and leave type of thing, but overall a solid breakfast/brunch option.I've long enjoyed visiting Morning Glory with friends or on occasional snow days from school. But my experience this week prompted me to finally write a review. In addition to consistently serving inventive, piping hot satisfying breakfasts with some of the better grits in the city, this place is about PEOPLE. 
The folks who work here are, quite simply, good people. The shirts "Be nice or leave" encapsulate the values of this place and the employees of Sam's live those values. This week, our apartment and most of our worldly possessions were destroyed by the fire on 13th and Chancellor. After a few hours of standing on the sidewalk in shock, we decided that we needed food. We walked our pajama-clad selves to Morning Glory, having had a not-very-good morning and smelling quite far from glorious. 
Our server, Chris, gave us the pick of the place and didn't bat an eye when a few more slipper-footed neighbors showed up. He graciously topped off our coffee for hours as we called our parents, insurance companies, and washed our faces in the bathroom sinks. Midway through the meal, he told us that he had called the owner and the meal was on the house. 
What amazing, unprompted kindness to strangers. Chris (and owner) - you made our morning and our entire day so much better. I will be forever grateful for your compassion. 
So, in summary: Go support a locally-owned neighborhood institution. Eat their delicious biscuits and frittatas and breakfast burritos. Tip them well for their food AND their service. Send all your friends. Repeat. Repeat. Repeat.I wish I could give 2.5 stars here. I am of two minds regarding Morning Glory. On the one hand, the food is very good. On the other hand, the service is inconsistent. I just don't understand servers who feel the need to throw attitude. Congratulations, you work in a very busy coffee shop. Does not make it ok to scowl or be short with people during their ONE HOUR WAIT TO EAT EGGS. Look, waiting tables or being a short-order cook can be a very crappy and stressful job. Customers can be a-holes. But people just need to remember that soon their shift will be over, and all the drama and stress will be over, too. Please just grin and bear it, for everyone's sake. Thank you for listening, and for working hard to sling some first-class hash.This is a great place for breakfast. When my friends and I arrived, there were about 15 parties in front of us, but the wait time went by pretty fast. Rhett other breakfast place we wanted to go to had about a 45 minute time, so I think no matter what, you're gonna have to wait a while regardless of where you go. The service was great. Our waitress came to our table in a timely manner, was very pleasant, and the food came out quick. Their platters come with a 'biscuit', but the thing is huge and looks more like a piece of cake. Texture was nice and fluffy with a crispy outside - just the way I like. They also have a homemade ketchup which seems to be hit or miss based on other yelpers. I felt like it tasted and looked more like tomato sauce. I lacked the thickness of regular ketchup. I still enjoyed regardless, but I think it would be nice to have regular ketchup on hand for v those who may not like it was much. My friends and I had our own meal, which was incredibly filling, but despite this, we were still able to devour the monkey French toast. It is DELICIOUS. It comes with lots of glaze from the banana and mangos, but still throw the maple syrup on top. It makes it even better. Definitely don't miss out on the French toast.