Sampan blew me away. The menu is creative and truly celebrates Asian cuisine, with fresh new tweaks to classic dishes and unexpected flavor combinations for the more adventurous diners. The service is a tad on the slow side, but very friendly and helpful, and the prices (~$40 pp with drinks) are surprisingly reasonable.
We stopped by for Sunday dinner without a reservation and luckily were able to grab seats in front of the open kitchen. It was engrossing to watch as each chef executed different dishes with intense precision and speed. Ordering was a challenge because everything on the menu sounded delicious, and everything being cooked in front of us looked and smelled incredible!
We settled on edamame dumplings, pork bao, hamachi crudo, XO sauce chicken wings, and XO sauce scallops (yes, we really like XO sauce). The edamame dumplings came highly recommended by a friend, and they did not disappoint - the dumpling skin was delicate and chewy, the filling was silky and refreshing, and the sake-truffle broth was the perfect accompaniment. The XO sauce chicken wings portion was huge for an appetizer and with their unique blend savory-spicy-sweet crunchiness, are some of the best wings I have ever had. The scallops might have been our favorite dish of the night, though it's hard to pick because everything was so good! 
Our only food disappointment was the pork bao, which was so greasy that the bun lost its fluffiness. The drinks were a bit mixed - the One-Inch Punch lacked any strong clementine, strawberry, or lychee flavor (to the point that we're wondering if they just gave us the wrong drink), while the Chapter II was great. No matter, this is the first time in a while that I have been so excited about a restaurant - there are at least seven other items on the menu that I cannot wait to try.I really only come here for happy hour because it is such a good deal! For food. I don't know about the drinks; I've only had a house red and it was just meh. But the food! They offer a limited menu and everything is under $5. The portions are smaller, but the food is deceptively filling. I tried almost everything on the menu at some time or another and everything is very tasty. If I had to pick a downside, I would say there isn't a lot of room (and I think -- but am not certain -- that happy hour menus apply only to the bar areas) and my clothes smelled like fried food for quite some time after leaving. 
The best part is that they offer happy hour every day of the week!When I walked in with the gang, we soon discovered they were booked inside from reservations. The 6-8 (or more) tables were empty, but a reservation is a reservation. We ate outside. One fly, but we had fun. The spicy chicken is delicious. One little accident happened. My friend bumped my glass down, it shattered, and the other people dining all turned to look at us almost simultaneously. Luckily, I smiled and was all "Yeah. There was a little accident." Anyway, everyone had a great time. The waitress is lovely. I would say sexy, but I doubt she's around my age. Lol. I recommend going here though.Amazing Asian fusion food! The Tofu Tacos and Pea Shoot Truffle Dumplings were bursting with flavor, but I wish they had more vegetarian options. The drinks were awesome too and I would definitely recommend this place to others visiting PhillySuper good food and moderately priced. I went here Saturday night to celebrate my birthday, it was pretty busy but good thing we made a reservation. I wanted to sit outside for better lighting because it's pretty dark inside but it's not so comfortable when it's busy. I suggest the counter seating where you can watch them cook the food! I would've sat here if I knew it existed but I didn't notice it till after I finished my food and went inside to go to the bathroom. Other than being too close for comfort to two groups of people (It was a busy Saturday night so what else would you expect), everything else was good. The food was amazing, which the portions were just a tad bit bigger, so I can savor it some more. The wagyu beef satay was absolutely amazing, the beef was cooked perfectly and the sauce on top which I think was kimchi was amazing. Crab tacos and bao buns were good and so was the Peking duck. One thing I'd pass is the pad Thai, you can get pad Thai like theirs pretty much anywhere so I'd suggest trying something a little more unique.Dumpling soup was too salty and they certainly don't know how to cook Peking duck.  It is better be called fatty BBQ duck.I came for Happy Hour. The happy hour prices for food and drinks are great! It's a little tight inside and pretty busy during that time, but well worth it!!Went there on a saturday night, sneaked in and the hostess got my sister and I table (Already earned 3 stars there!). We sat by the kitchen table in the back which unfortunately made my clothes smell for the rest of the night but also gave me a close eye view on how the food was made!
We ordered lettuce cups, rocky shrimp (is that what it was called.. too busy shoving it down my throat to think), kimchee fried rice and scallops. let us just say everything was delicious. Coming from an eater from NYC you wouldn't expect a large number of shrimps in an appetizer order but boy we were blown away! Amazing food, the order came out fast and lastly we also had the homemade ice cream as a dessert. we chose vanilla, swedish fish (yes) and honey grahams (even more yes). 
amazing. just simply amazing food, ambiance, service and company around us. It's def a hidden gem. I'm very judgement of asian food since my parents own a restuarant and a buffet but this one is very very good. will def come again if I ever am in Philly again.Okay, I'm changing my review. After many repeat visits I now really enjoy Sampan. They have a great happy hour, and an even better bartender (Amie!). No I did not know her before I met her at Sampan, this is real, she is awesome!!
I am also a fan of their small plates of food. The edemame dumplings are my favorite!!
I think it's a great place to grab drinks and some snacks with a group of friends!Poor service.  Was blatantly lied too while here.  I wouldn't trust them, food is ehhh for the price. Too loud to enjoy the meal as well.Sampan Happy Hours are THE best!  Where can you get multiple full portion sized entree items and an alcohol beverage for at least $15 (including tip)?!  This place.
Must tries: Pork bao buns & Kimchee Fried Rice.  These are my go to items.
I've tried other items on their menu which are the general tsao's dumplings (delicious), the edamame dumpling was decent, bahn mi's were decent (nothing spectacular), and the beef sliders are ok as well.  I've come outside of happy hour and their main entrees are delicious but hard to pay the full menu price when a lot of the best items are during their happy hour menu for half the price.
The best part about this place (aside from their happy hour food), the dessert.  Be sure to try the ice cream as they have the most awesome line-up of flavors.  This place has orange creamsicle, lucky charms, coco puffs flavored ice cream!! To die for on mini cones.  Note: the ice cream flavors always change but worth trying.Been to Izakaya down the shore for an amazing meal, but always find a reason to walk past Sampan until tonight. 
Cocktails were were excellent. The various dishes we tried were very good. The problem was the service.
Our server, was ok, but not not very warm - all business. But what caused us to only tip 15% instead of our normal 20% was: She asked me if I'd like another cocktail, and I said no thanks, and then she picks up my 1st drink and takes it away - problem was I wasn't done with it. She never asked if I was finished with it, or if she could remove it. Very lame.
The other thing that turned me off was a guy server who brought over our kobe fried rice handled the serving spoon in an unsanitary way - his inner thumb was pressed inside the spoon right before he put it in the serving bowl.
Bottom line: Sampan has very good food but is in need of a staff service tune-up.Besssssssst happy hour! Get there early- like 3:45pm hahaaha. Get he Brussels, pork bao, and beef Satay- oh and the edamame dumplings of courseThis is definitely one of the best restaurants in the city. The food is beyond delicious and the service is always awesome. The dishes are basically all Tapas (small dishes) but so good. Some aren't worth their price given the portion size, but most of them most definitely are worth it. My girlfriend and I both love going there!Do not get the Dan Dan Noodles! These are the worst noodles I have ever had. On a positive note, the ambiance is nice.Such a tasty meal!! 
Small plates shared amongst friends is a fabulous way to spend an evening.
We ordered the following:
Korean Fried Chicken Satay
Spring rolls
Rock shrimp
Pork bao buns
Edamame dumplings 
Braised short rib
Crispy Schezuan(sp?) chicken
Fried Kobe beef rice 
Everything was very tasty, and came out in a nice time frame. We didn't feel rushed all! 
It's got a trendy ambiance which is nice, and the servers are very attentive.
This would be a great first date spot. Or eighth date. :)This restaurant is super cool the way that it is laid out. Each floor looks entirely different. The food does not match its price. It is not very good therefore it should not cost as much as it does. We ordered many things from the menu so I was able to try many different dishes. The portions are very small and the preparations were simple. The quality was not great. I choose quality over quantity but in this case everything was lacking.(This applies only to the Graffiti Bar)
What a find! I've always considered venturing down the dark alley to Graffiti Bar as I've passed by, but I never got around to it until we were wandering around after a particularly boozy dinner at Garces Trading Co. I'm so glad we did.
When we first arrived, my gaze immediately settled on the huge fishbowl drink someone was lugging away from the bar. It was love at first sight. A quick glance at the menu and one trip to the bar later, we'd secured one of these behemoths for a mere $30-something (with tip). My friends, who'd watched its preparation, said nearly a whole bottle of tequila had made its way into the vat, though you really couldn't tell since it just tasted like a well-made cucumber lemonade. Fast forward half an hour and I'd definitely found the tequila. 
My only regret is that we didn't stay for the rest of the night. N00b mistake, I assure you. I've learned my lesson.Usually I enjoy a nice tease before the action but in this case...the action was no where to be found!
I went to check out Sampan the Friday of their grand opening.  As soon as I walked in the door I was definitely excited for what was in store. The space was really nice, lighting was dim and the decor was sleek. The bar was full and the tables were all fairly full so I was expecting a nice experience. I was meeting friends for drinks but since the bar was full we decided to get a table and pick up a few appetizers to taste the food. The host was very accommodating seated us after we were able to grab a drink at the bar to bring over.
I wish I could say more about the bartenders, I know it was day one to the public but they didn't seem too personable. The one who served me hardly spoke a word. The cocktails were good and very interesting.  My girlfriend had a Thai Iced Tea (alcoholic-cocktail) and although it didn't taste like a thai iced tea it was still tasty. I had the gin cocktail, the name slips my memory but I enjoyed it, however nothing I'd come back for.
We sat and our server brought us water and took our orders. We had a few apps to share, ramen, satay, cold udon + another dish. We all came to the conclusion that everything was just blah. Nothing special or even flavorful enough to come back for. Our server also brought over another appetizer that we did not order.
She asked me if I'd like another cocktail and I asked her for a suggestion. She quickly responded with the chili lime cocktail so I agreed.
WoOoo was it spicy! I was so taken back by the spice of the drink that I had the server taste it to let me know if it was made correctly. I bartend and really enjoy trying new concoctions but wow...definitely way to much chili in this drink because my throat was on fire. As much as I wanted to finish it because It would have been delicious if it had less chili, our server insisted on picking a different one which was drinkable.
I wouldn't come back to eat but would love to sit at the bar abd taste the rest of the cocktail list. But I won't do that until I find out they changed their music choice! There is no theme or reason that I could find to hear such a bad mix. It went from 80's rock to hoedown country to top 40 with NO transition songs in between...it was almost unsettling to hear some of it. Haha I don't know really, I was disappointed all around except for the cocktail list and decor.
Clean it up a little Sampan and you'll see me again. There is definite potential, you just haven't reached it yet.I really love this place. It's the perfect spot, especially in the summer time, to hang out, get dinner, and chat with girlfriends. The pork buns are amazing. Good drinks, good beer and wine selection and Graffiti Bar in the back has some awesome cocktails. I like the decor inside, but I love this place most for the warm weather season either in the bar out back or sitting outside for dinner. Yum!First of all this could have been 1 star review but my phone died right after I left the restaurant. Now after couple days passed and my hurt feelings subsided and I can write an objective review. I've been to Sampan many-many times for happy hour and one time for dinner. 
My dinner experience was meh...nothing exciting to ramble about. Happy hour on the other hand is incredible.  The happy hour food menu has almost everything from the regular menu and most items are $3 to $5.  You can get 3 edamame dumplings for 4 bucks (Buddakan charges like $15 for the same amount). Pork Banh Mi sandwich is out of this world, probably the best sandwich I've ever had. Kobe beef sliders are good but lack personality.  Drink specials are amazing; those hot bartenders sure know what they are doing.  
Despite the great happy hour, I am not coming back to Sampan because of their rude and unprofessional hostesses. Since hostess is the first person you see at the restaurant it is very important to be greeted and seated by somebody nice. So here's what happened. I came in by myself to check if they had anything available at the bar for happy hour for 2 people. The hostess told that they had two spots open and were going to set set it up for us and asked me to wait on the side. I texted my boyfriend, who was parking a car at that moment to come inside, which he did instantaneously cause he was lucky enough to find a spot right in front of the restaurant. After 15-20 minutes I decided to check in with hostess to see what was taking so long to set those seats.  The hostess told me that she though that my friend wasn't here and she gave those seats to somebody else. I pointed to the direction where my boyfriend was, explaining that we were there all along. She gave me the dirty look, shrugged her shoulders and said that she can put me on a wait list (45mintues to an hour). No apology at all. Now that was nice!Lived up to the hype as an awesome place to meet up for happy hour.  First of all, they have happy hour everyday.  Every.Day.   Which is awesome for people like me who can't get out to happy hour all that often.  Also, the times were pretty good- 5pm to 7 pm.  None of that 4 to 6 nonsense.  And the drink/food selection is excellent.
On my visit, I had a really delicious green tea margarita.  Which sounded strange, but it was really great and perfect for a summer night.  For our food options, my husband and I shared 3 or 4 small plates.  At $3-$4 per plate, you can fill up on the cheap here.  The one dish that stood out for me was the kim chee fried rice.  For $4, it was a massive portion and really tasty.
Other yelpers have mentioned bad service, but our server was excellent and made sure that we were taken care of all night.  Other people have mentioned that happy hour was only at the bar, but we sat outside and it was no problem.  We also mentioned to the hostess we were there for happy hour.
This place gets jammed pack.  We were there at the stroke of 5 and within a half an hour, all the tables were filled.  Make sure to arrive early to get a seat!You see the long list of 4- and 5-star reviews along with plenty of raves...and then you see one long-winded over-the-top super-negative review from an out-of-towner who has written 2 Yelp reviews--both bad.  So take that for what it's worth.  
I want to start off my review with some notes about the staff.  Every single time I've been here, the waitstaff and bartenders have been unbelievably friendly and helpful.  Some recognize me and make sure to say hi even if he or she is not the person waiting on me that day.  And they always ask how our food and drinks are.  When a menu item was changed recently, they actually asked us whether we thought the change was a good idea--and why we felt the way we did!  (Note the chicken wing reference below.)  I have never had a negative experience with anyone who works here.  To the contrary, I am constantly amazed by how nice they are.
Regarding ambiance:  It's dimly lit but not dark.  Even when it's crowded, they somehow maintain a manageable noise level, which actually means a lot because I can't stand noisy restaurants.    
All that having been said...  Sampan has the best happy hour in the city!  It's three hours long and they do it ALL SEVEN DAYS!  (It also extends out back at Graffiti Bar, which is a very cool spot.)  Happy hour features very inexpensive rotating red, white, beer, and cocktail options.  And you can't beat the happy hour food menu!  
The Koran BBQ Beef Satay is always amazing and we usually end up ordering it one or even two more times because we're out-of-control animals.  And because it only costs $3 so, why not?
They recently changed their chicken wings and they're unfortunately not quite as good as they once were.  But as noted above, they actually asked our opinion about the change so maybe there's some hope that they'll change them back.  Regardless of the recipe, you get a healthy portion for a mere $4!
The Pork Bao Buns and Hot Chicken Bao Buns are delicious and, again, a good portion for only $4.
But what we really go wild for are the sides.  The Crispy Brussels Sprouts are just crazy good (and I don't actually even like brussels sprouts!), the Short Rib Chow Fun will knock your socks off, and the Kim Chee Fried Rice is always a crowd-pleaser.  And again, surprisingly big serving sizes--especially considering that we're talking about $4 happy hour side dishes! 
The only thing I've ever been disappointed by was this past Sunday when they just decided not to open at all.  No sign on the door, no recorded message when we called, and no mention of it on social media (in fact, they had posted that very day about the Super Bowl on Instagram and Twitter).  We were baffled by that...and so were the 20 other people we saw try to go in shortly after opening time.  One might argue that restaurants close for the Super Bowl...but one would lose that argument since my group walked directly across the street and ate at a different restaurant!  So for this, Sampan and I are in a fight.  But the fight will end at 4:00 tomorrow afternoon when I walk through their front door!Best place for happy hour, hands down. Best place for sampantini that gets you buzzed in a glass. Best place to just pig out and fall in love with the food. Oh and did I mention they have great fish bowls? Oh yesssssss! I want to marry Sampan and graffiti bar sometimes. Now, I usually get great service, but there was one time I came alone for a quick dinner appetizer because I was tired and wanted to indulge a bit. The one worker that handled the bill was giving some attitude at the graffiti bar, but whatever. That was just once, maybe he was having a tiring and rough night. Food was still good so... It's all about those crispy rock shrimp.We had the taster and it was good. You get 7 dishes total for $45/pax. The dishes are small (except perhaps for the side dish, we had the Dan Dan noodles) so not for the hungry guys. Some dishes were great: the Spanish Octopus, the Hamachi Ceviche. Others failed to impress: Iron Flat Steak, and even the Black Cod (both of them are entrees). But overall, it was a good experience.Omg my cousin brought me here for happy hour for my birthday and the food and drinks were delicious .  I forgot the name of the purple drink she brought for me.  Nice place and I'm going to bring my fiancé soon....They have an amazing happy hour that is everyday!!! The pork potstickers and fried rice I would highly recommend.I came here for restaurant week and was so satisfied with every meal that came with the 7 course set up. The dumplings were amazing. Salmon phenomenal. This might be my new favorite restaurants in Philly.This place is slowly becoming my favorite restaurant in philly. The ambiance here is perfect for almost any type of occasion. First dates, graduation, birthdays, etc. Check out the graffiti bar at some point, its such a cool spot. Their cocktails are wonderful and pair great with all of the food selections. Everything on the menu is awesome, I've never been disappointed. Plates are great for sharing which is perfect for trying a lot on the menu. I would suggest the chef tasting menu at least once when visiting Sampan. Choosing 7 selections for $45 is an awesome deal. 
The reason they lost a star is because they bring each dish to the table as it is ready. I wish you could request the order. 
Favorite plates: Pork bao bun, crab wonton taco, edamame dumpling
Tip: During restaurant week the chef tasting menu is only $35. Make your reservations early!! 
I've been hearing great things about their happy hour specials. I'll be sure to check it out asap!We had such a good time celebrating my sister's bachelorette party here. 
The menu was quickly explained by the waitress and everyone decided to order ala carte and to share around as they wanted. 
I ordered the general tso's soup dumplings, the pork belly baos, and the crispy brussel sprouts. 
I was equally impressed with the soup dumplings and the baos, but found the crispy brussel sprouts undercooked though oddly crispy. Those around me also enjoyed the tuna crisps which were delicious, but also very spicy and the peking duck which was thoroughly enjoyed by those that ordered it. 
Though there was no room for dessert they still brought out two small cones and a sparkler for my sister which was a sweet gesture and continued the festivities. 
It was also very affordable with drinks all around and many different tastes for 9 people it was about $50 per person taking into account that my sisters meal was covered.Cramped seating, very high noise level, food arrives, pretty much at the same time - ala Buddakan - menu reads well ( Pan-Asian ) unfortunetly lacks much flavor. Shrimp dumpling appy got good marks, octopus was very tough and buried in a Thai type curry sauce. Deep fried brussel sprouts missed the mark as did the Korean? fried chicken ( tasted like Jones ) needed salt or something.  Dessert beignets ( Cafe DuMonde' would be ashamed) - small ice cream cones ( maybe one or two bites ) good but not worth the money.  The crowd is basically there to drink - one table near us had five young ladies drinking out of one large fish bowl size gobble with five straws - Club Med here we come.  Save your money.Sampan is such a great Asian fusion restaurant located in very nice area on the city. The tapas were fantastic, and even though it was quite pricey for the size of the portions, it did not make me like the food any less. Specifically, I really liked the lamb satay which was very tender and savory. My friend and I both agreed that the edamame dumplings and the crispy rock shrimp were our favorite from the night; both possessing a very savory, and distinct taste. The Peking duck and pork bao bun were subpar but worth trying. I wasn't a big fan of the crab wonton tacos, but that's just out of preference. 
Definitely check this place out if you're looking to try something new. The decor is also a plus.Great food and gluten free menu. Only negative is that they do not offer nutritional information on their food!The food was incredible. I had the chef's tasting, which I definitely recommend because it is well worth the money, especially for the amount of food. This is also a great date spot option, especially because the dishes are encouraged to be shared. The food is truly unique and I am 100% coming back here.
Here's what I got: edamame dumplings (which have truffle in them and come in a broth), crab rangoon, the korean bbq beef satay, the crab wonton taco, the beef short rib lomein, the tempura soft shell crab, and the crispy brussels sprouts. For the dessert, I got the soft serve ice cream that comes in mini cones - it's really cute!
Everything was amazing, especially the edamame dumplings which I still think about to this day. If you're having trouble deciding a main, the beef short rib lomein was great. The service was spectacular. I was nervous about being seated outside but the server was really friendly and helpful with the menu and patient because I am someone who wants to order everything.
There is no question that this deserves a 5-star rating. Definitely a must-go for anyone in the Philadelphia area.FOOD WAS GREAT!! I really liked everything I tried, especially the edamame dumplings. Delicious! Most of my table of six loved their food as well! The three stars comes because of our very inattentive, annoyed server: Elizabeth. 
Came on a Tuesday night with a reservation for six and it was pretty busy! We were a group of people of color and there weren't many other minorities in the joint. Maybe that's why our waitress was so insanely rude to us but friendly, patient, and accommodating with her other tables in close proximity. 
Please note the rest of the employees were fantastic. They were accommodating and apologetic on a mistake with one of our guest's allergies and took extra care of us. The other servers and water fillers made conversation and were nothing but pleasant. It got to the point where we dreaded Elizabeth coming back. She made us feel afraid to ask questions about the menu or even order anything because everything annoyed her. 
Wish I could say dessert was great too but I sadly cannot because the waitress, when asked to explain the "Vanilla starburst" ice cream flavor, stated simply: "It's vanilla... with starburst." Then she rolled her eyes. 
That was the end for us. A friend who really wanted those adorable ice cream cones opted not to have dessert because of this comment. Sampan, you're great and your staff is awesome. This one bad apple won't spoil the bunch, but please treat your minority patrons better. We are trying new foods because we want to explore - be patient, please.We came for dinner recently and overall were impressed. The vibe is almost a nightclub, modern, and a bit on the loud side. We had reservations which I highly recommend because they were busy. We did have to wait a few minutes after we arrived for our table to be ready so keep that in mind. 
The food is Asian fusion and you can see the influences throughout their menu. Everything is small plates and can be shared. There are two options: order a la carte or their tasting menu which has seven courses plus ice cream. The nice thing about the tasting menu is you get to pick from each section and you probably get your money's worth. 
We opted for a la carte because the group felt they could not eat all 7 courses. I ordered the pork belly bao bun, ceviche, and lamb chow fun noodles. The food came out in stages and was absolutely delicious! The ceviche was some of the best I've had in recent memory. The pork belly was flavorful and the bao bun was so soft! In addition to my food I tried the kimchi fried rice and brussels sprouts which were both delicious! I'm drooling thinking about the rice. The mini ice cream was a nice treat at the end of our meal.  
Service was good throughout our meal. Our server was awesome and paid attention to everything we needed. Definitely recommend this place!I used to ba a big fan of this restaurant! I love the food, but after my last two experiences, I don't think I will be going back. I work in the food industry as an Executive Chef at a restaurant not far from this place. I usually stop there after work to order some food togo. On my previous visit there, I ordered some take out food, The bartender never asked me if I wanted anything to drink or offered me some water. after a short wait for my food, the bartender brought the food on a plate and I reminded him that it was a to go order. I had the Pork Boa Bun and he just grabbed it with his fingers and put it in a to go box. He later came and told me that they are out of to go bags. He went back in the kitchen and brought me a used bag; I still was ok with it. This last experience I had tonight was the worst I have ever had! I was sitting at the bar (right next to the register) when the bartender told me he will be with me in a second. After about 5 minutes I've try to catch his attention to order a beer and a togo order, the bartender finally came and took my order. While I was using my phone, a roach came next to my menu I just got really disgusted. A ROACH on the bar corner???? REALLY??? It was little busy tonight so my order took longer than usual. when I finished my first beer, he asked me if I would care for a second one and i said no! in the meantime, my food was put on the bar corner and I still waited about 5 minutes and even had to catch his attention again to bring my food over so i could pay and leave. He seemed really busy trying to get to know the girls seating next to me. I finally paid for my food and left. After losing my appetite thinking about how bad the kitchen would be if they have roaches at the bar, I gave my food to a homless. I really love the food there but I'm not sure if I will be going back. Shame on you !!!!Love this place- the food is delicious, the menu has a lot of options without being overwhelming, and there's a very cool atmosphere. I really enjoy my meal here every time!Went to dinner with 10 of our friends. We had arranged to be served a continuous offering of appetizers so that we could try many different menu items. The food was great, the drinks were fantastic, and our server Samantha was fabulous - she took care of everything for us and made it a really wonderful experience.Delicious food and a fun atmosphere! I always enjoy going here with friends and making great memories !Was here to celebrate my 21st on 3/3. It was 6 of us. We had AMBER & she was amazing. We asked her so many questions and she was so helpful and didn't make us feel stupid. She had good recommendations and was super attentive to the table. There was not an empty glass or plate sitting on the table for literally more than a few seconds. The open kitchen to table concept makes everything hot and fresh. The General Tso Soup Dumplings, Rock Shrimp, Crab Wotons and Shrimp Pad Thai were specifically amazing. The drinks were fresh and delicious. Very memorable time! Get the dessert sushi!!! Definitely make a reservation -- over 2 and 1/2 hour wait without one!!Yummy!
Went to Philadelphia for one day/night as a stop on the way home from lancaster.  For dinner we couldn't decide where to go as I wanted Sushi but my boyfriend wanted Thai so decided Asian Fusion would work.  First, fun vibe inside and a 5 minute way with no reservations, no big deal.  We actually went to the bar while waiting, it was 5 to 7 and the bartender suggested to order off the Happy Hour menu as we still had 5 minutes (this I would never ever expect a bartender to suggest!)  Our table was ready before the drinks even came out, that was fast, so we brought them back to the table.  I am really slow when it comes to ordering but the waitress gave helpful suggestions.  What I did not like is I order slow and not all at once but here they want you to order everything at once.
We ordered Wasabi dumplings, General Tso Dumplings, Chicken Bao Bun, Tuna Rice Cracker, and Crab Wanton Taco.  Everything was absolutely delicious!  I did not like how everything came up so quickly one after another, I wish they each came out slow so we could finish one at a time so positive for the food negative for the way they have the service structured.Ordered the shrimp and lobster dumpling, the Kobe beef fried rice, banana split. The food was decent but nothing to write home about.Walked by before going to show at Forrest Theatre and decided to try. Glad we did. Food was great. I don't think it was amazing, blow me away type of food. but it was certainly delicious. The kobe beef fried rice and the brussel sprouts are winners! Also tried the spring rolls, and general tso soup dumplings. Both good. I would come back just to try some other menu items. very affordable, small plates. Our waitress was Daniella and she was excellent. Very attentive, friendly and just a nice person.Don't make a reservation for this place. 
This is the 2nd time this has happened to me, the first time I didn't care much but the fact that it happened TWICE, ridiculous and unprofessional.
The first time: I rang them up and made a birthday reservation for a friend, we showed up at the place and they told us they were booked for a private party. I was angry since I made the reservation for a special occasion but we didn't want to ruin our moods so we went elsewhere.
The second time: Made a reservation for dinner, they said we were all set. Same thing happened again.... but thankfully we went down the road to SUGA, much better food than Sampan. SUGA also had amazing staff, they were super friendly and gave us complimentary drinks!! Would recommend SUGA over Sampan any day, don't waste your time on this place. 
Who does that anyways? Do you not have the decency to call up the person and tell them that you're booked for an event in advance? Super unprofessional, they weren't even apologetic about it, acting like they did nothing wrong and that we were supposed to know about it!I had a really nice time stopping here for dinner and the service was pretty much stellar. The wait staff stoped by often and the mahager of the front of the house stoped by out table to check in with us which was cool.
As for food, the rock shrimp are great, but i have to say this dish is a little common, it's the General Tso's of shrimp....it's really tastey but do you really need it again?
The Pork Buns are awesome....i could eat a dozen of them, and i really liked the Lamb satay which is really a lollipop chop... they're awesome....and i would be happy eating just the lamb and pork buns....and writing about them makes me want them.
We  had Kim chi stir fry rice too, no meal is complete with out rice, and Kim Chi makes it all the better!!!We had a wonderful time here a few nights ago!  After we got over some hostess drama, we got seated in the happy hour bar area overlooking the kitchen. Happy hour is 4-7 everyday.  Get here as close to 4 as possible. There is VERY limited seating for happy hour - good for two people, it's bar seating, no tables. We ordered almost everything from the happy hour menu including the specialty cocktail of the day.  Our favorite bites were the Korean BBQ beef satay, edamame dumplings, Kobe sliders, pork bao bun and the Kim Chee fried rice.  The four of us including my spouse and 2 children had a blast chatting with the chefs - they were very nice to my kids.  Elizabeth our server was amazing. She was attentive, easy going, and suggested great items.  The happy hour here is really the best deal in town for the quality.  We were stuffed when we walked out and very happy.  I live in NJ but would def come back and eat here if in the area!Went to the Graffiti bar out back for happy hour the other day.  It was a little hard to flag down the server but we were later told we were supposed to be ordering from the bar anyway.
The vibe was pretty cool - teeny outdoor space down a teeny alley.  Bar, long table, some seats on the side.  It was chilly that evening but the overhead heaters made it a-okay (at times too hot, at times not quite hot enough but overall just fine).
I arrived and ordered a beer and a few of the happy hour app specials.  There were a few vegetarian options which always makes me happy.  I got the $3 Tofu Satay, $4 Edamame Dumplings (sans broth), and the $4 Mushroom Dumplings.  The tofu was so so, the mushroom dumplings were good, and the edamame dumplings were holy shit incredible.  I would eat these every day.  Many times over.
There was some nice eye candy tending bar and the movie quotes piped into the bathroom were a cute touch.The review you are about to skim/skip is for Restaurant Week, Fall 2012.
Like the last restaurant I reviewed (Union Trust), Sampan has been on my hit-list for quite a while. The main difference between my yearnings is that in the case of the Trust, I knew it as "Union Trust, that steakhouse I need to try NOW", whereas prior to last Friday, I only knew Sampan as "that cool looking, constantly overcrowded place a block away from Barbuzzo". It was by pure ignorance-flavored serendipity on my part that the delicious-sounding Asian fusion restaurant I read about online just happened to be this place. 
Also, like Union Trust, Sampan boasts extremely high production values. Subtle neon backlights provide illuminating accents to nature-based wall art while choreographed clean-cut servers and line cooks zip back and forth and yuppies satiate themselves alongside their ex-yuppie parents. Aside from polish and enticement ability, Sampan and Union Trust have little in common. Of course, "little" is greater than "nothing", and that little thing that they have in common is actually the kicker here - like Union Trust, the food at Sampan is merely decent despite being well-made.
First, the good. Whatever complaints other patrons on this page had about the small portion size is irrelevant for purposes of restaurant week. I found myself unable to put away the six courses (five dishes plus dessert) I was given, which is saying a lot because my appetite can be best described as Borderline Competitive Eater. YMMV, however; I deliberately chose the largest dishes (kobe beef fried rice, filet mignon, rock shrimp, etc) for my excursion. You can do much worse both in terms of both quality and quantity for $35. The service was quick and attentive even on the pressure cooker clusterfuck of a night when I attended, so hats off to the staff on that one. Finally, the dessert (two mini soft serve ice cream cones was great. 
As for the bad - the food was a bit less flavorful than I expected. I don't see the point to singling out particular dishes because my taste buds were asleep throughout the meal. The five courses were pretty much amounted to a chorus of "decent, had better"s. I don't think any of this is an issue of lack of care or poor execution, but rather the fact that the executed item just didn't impress me, regardless of the obvious effort put in. As I was eating, I found myself floating off into an opposite world where the meal in front of me had more spice, more heat, more depth, and more something-other-than-competent-middlebrow-fare. Oh well. Sometimes things just don't work out even when nobody is at fault. That applies to many things in life, really.Definitely a very interesting place. It's a true Asian Fusion restaurant where combines the eastern and western style of cooking very well. It is on the expensive side (each appetizer costs 7 dollars-very small portion, entrees about 15-25). Some highlights of the meal were calamari salad, pork bao bun, and pad Thai. Do not recommend the schzuan chicken. Will be back to try more items.Most awesome happy hour deal in town with delicious and plentiful Asian Fusion dishes! We ordered almost everything from the HH menu. My favorites were: kobe sliders, Korean BBQ lettuce wraps, and edamame dumplings.- - - Review on Happy Hour Only - - - 
Came here for Sips, I know it gets crowded so we planned to arrive early. Got there around 4:45 and had to wait about 20 minutes for seats at the bar. I had a glass of Chardonnay and my mates had the peach and lychee sangria which was very sweet but refreshing. Bartenders were very nice and attentive and brought us water without having to ask. We split the Brussels sprouts, chicken wings, and kimchi fried rice. All of which were good, but I wasn't blown away by the flavors. The wings comes as an order of 5 and I always kind hate it when food comes out in odd numbers because it makes it harder to share, but I can't really ding them for that because they were only $5 and they were crispy. Brussels were the most flavorful item and came as a nice portion. I didn't really get any kimchi flavor with the fried rice, but the over easy egg on top was cooked right. 
Overall, I'd say 5 stars for the waitstaff, but just 3.5 for the bar menu. I'd come back but only to try dinner or have a quick drink. And be prepared to wait during Sips because this place is a popular spot.My first time here was our company's holiday party: the food was good, but there was some chaos about working with a group our size. I decided to give it a second try, with a smaller crowd--a table for 2 on a recent night out with the boyfriend.
The edamame dumplings were very good, though very rich, with a pronounced truffle taste. The crab wonton tacos were delicious--the best dish of the night. But, the broccoli was overcooked; the shrimp fried rice was greasy and tasteless; and the dessert was a trio of chocolate mousse that wasn't worth the calories. Did we hit it on an off night? I don' t know, but with the surrounding options, I'm not sure I'll give this place a third shot.Sampan feels more experience-centric than focused on food. Not necessarily a bad thing, but the experience has to be just right if you're playing that game.
Unfortunately, for us, the experience was a little too loud, too busy, too crowded. Pair that with the pricy but average pan-asian food, and the outcome is kind of meh. I would recommend Sampan for a fun happy-hour/drinks, but maybe not the full meal deal.
They do have a 7 selection tasting, which is priced, decently, at $45. Worth checking out if you end up here. Also, the filet was fantastic, if a little small. Highlight fo sho.Really nice asian fusion tapas.  The ambiance is simple, but pleasant -- a bit noisy due to hard finishes.  Enjoyed all of the food here and a nice mix of flavors.  Would definitely try again.Great food! Great drinks! 
Happy hour specials very good. Will recommend Honey whiskey jar.Went out with two colleagues while at a conference and ended up at Sampan mostly because El Vez's wait was too long. SO glad we ended up here. 
We went for the chef's choice version of the tasting menu (well worth it) and tried all kinds of things, from rabbit spring rolls to rock shrimp. The service was phenomenal (thank you, Mark!) throughout the whole meal, the food was fresh and well-prepared with zero exceptions. At the conclusion of almost a week eating all over Philly, I can say that this was the best restaurant I visited.After hearing nothing but good things about Sampan, I finally got to see what the hype was all about. If I'm being honest, I have to say that it wasn't the incredible experience that I had hoped for. All in all, great food, slow slow service. 
Came here with a group of 6 for dinner on Friday night during restaurant week. Our reservation was for 9:45 PM (we were all ok with a late dinner) but we were not seated until 10:15 PM. By the time we got to ordering, we didn't have our first item until closer to 11 PM, and we were starving! And no one there seemed to care that we were seated late or that we sat without food on our table for 45 minutes. The service was just so slow, we tried not to let it hinder our experience but it was hard not to take note. The table next to us also had the same problem, and explained their frustrations to the manager when she came over to ask about their meal. It might have been restaurant week on a busy night, but they should have planned for that/it didn't seem that crazy by the time we sat down.
Besides the slow service, the food really was amazing. The edamame dumplings and the chicken bao buns were especially noteworthy, but I wouldn't bother with the tuna satay (it was a bit overcooked and dry). I'd like to come back and give it another try, but will be trying many other places before coming back.Sampan has potential, but it's not yet ready for prime time. The banh mi was a highlight with that balanced vinegar/cilantro/barbeque flavor that makes a great vietnamese hoagie. The kobe beef in my salad was cooked through which begs the question: why bother with kobe beef then? 
The entrees were more like large plates and didn't deilver the value for their price tag. My friend's petite filet came precut and they refused to substitute vegetables for the french fries. 
Service was awkward at best. My banh mi mysteriously came wrapped in brown craft paper sealed with painters' tape. As I removed each section (it was cut into thirds), a server would remove it directly from my plate, before I even finished the meal. Our server was an aggressive upseller to boot. 
The space is cacophonous. Go on a weeknight and stick to the appetizer menu. The concrete floors and expansive layout make this more of a group setting than a date spot.Pork buns were good.  The rest of what we ordered was not memorable.
Good happy hour spot but not good for dinner. Too loud and too expensive.  Another restaurant making bank on the "small plates" craze.Potential 5 star review. I only tried a few things on their happy hour menu (which I think is one of the best in the city), but what I did have was great. The Hot Dog was the best bargain, for $2 it is a half sausage dog with fried onions, and spicy aioli. The 42 burger was just that. The meat was very good and cooked perfectly, and there was a little cheese, but it was missing something. Maybe carmelized onions, or a spicy mustard, something. It just needs 1 more thing. They offer a featured beer, and both red and white wines for $4 each. The ice cream's are good, but $2 for a itty bitty ice cream cone is a little much. I would be more inclined to get them at $1 each.
I think I am going to head back to try all their happy hour treats. They are all less $5.Great place! Love the vibe. Good food and great saki!! Great night for a little warm type. I am excited to come back for Happy
Hour!Sampan has one of the best happy hours .monday-Friday from 5-7 you can enjoy a number of small plates that range from 4 to 6 dollars. Since I am vegan I go with the Brussels sprouts ( without fish sauce) which my friend that has had them prepared with the fish sauce said you could not tell difference and the pine nut broccoli . Both of these dishes are yummy and portions are large for the 4 bucks a dish you shell out. My friends rave about the dumplings ( there are a few varies ) that are available also during happy hour. There are drink specials to go along with the discounted food items also. 
The bar seating that surrounds the open kitchen is my favorite place to sit . Upon your trip you must use the restroom and keep your ears peeled !Absolutely delicious!!! Everything we ate was so good here. My husband and I ordered 5-6 dishes and shared. The plates are small; harder to share with more than 2 people. Make reservations in advance. It's always packed on the weekends.I was here last weekend for a bachelorette party dinner. The host and hostess were extremely friendly and welcoming when we arrived and our server did an awesome job making this a special dinner for the bride-to-be. We had a group of 8 and elected to do the tasting menu. The food was amazing. I'm already trying to gather a group to go back again. One awesome thing about the tasting at this restaurant is that you get to pick everything you eat as opposed to chef's choice. This helps on groups where there are less adventurous diners who like to know what is coming up next and are reluctant to try random dishes.
Some of my favorites: 
Edamame dumplings
Pork pot stickers
Spicy tuna crackers
Beef satayWas in Philly for a conference and we held our committee dinner here.  I usually stay away from "fusion" but Sampan is really fun with the chef's different takes on standards.  The space is smaller than it looks from the outside so definitely make reservations.  Our group did a tasting menu - everything was good, and worth trying.  The dishes with asterisks are my standouts.
Tuna tartar**
Edamame dumpling in sake broth**
Crispy Brussel sprouts
Pork bao bun**
Crispy spicy shrimp with chili aoli
Korean BBQ beef satay**
Kale and calamari salad with cashews**
Shrimp and kim chee fried rice
Szechuan chicken
Beef short rib with lo mein
Gelato mini ice cream conesSampan is the place to go for Sips in Center City, Philadelphia! They have both food and drink specials, which in my opinion is essential for a good happy hour. The best part is that it's not just a few things, you get a whole menu of food specials rated from $3, $4, and $5. Bomb diggity.
Favorites:
White Sangria was unbelievably refreshing. Big fan!
Duck Egg Rolls
Kimchi Fried Rice
Edamame Dumplings
Kobe Beef Sliders
Both Pork & Chicken Bao Buns
Enjoy it while you still can! However, if you do miss it, fear not. Dinner here is a must go to as well.This seems to truly be the place to be for happy hour. Hh is served throughout the restaurant, except for the main dining room. We ate our small plates outdoors. The staff was super helpful, efficient, and quick. 
We also tried the graffiti bar. And despite it being packed, the staff was awesome with their service. There wasn't a long wait for anything.Cool place. Had the Pad Thai which was not that great to be honest. Barely had any sauce and was super spicy. Which would have been ok if I knew it would be. Bartenders however were super nice and happy hour prices are good. The beef dumplings were good.Met a friend on a pretty night and thought Graffiti Bar might be nice to try. Bad idea, it was cheek to jowl with 20-somethings and the noise was unbearable as it bounced around the buildings that surrounded the courtyard. Instead, decided to go inside to Sampan (Graffiti Bar is their outdoor space). 
Wow, it's been a while since I enjoyed a meal this nice. This is why suburbanites go into the city to eat. Incredible attention to detail from decor to service to meal presentation and staff. The mood was cool and quiet. Started with a nice pineapple basil sake cocktail, very refreshing and unusual. The menu is this dainty little piece of wood with origami-like folds. We had a variety of appetizers including the edamame dumpings, pork potstickers, tuna rice crackers and hamachi cerviche, all very good but our favorite was the Korean BBQ beef satay, just melts in your mouth. (A few of the apps came with kim chee, which I wasn't sure I would like, but it's not too spicy.) Food presentation was as pretty to look at as it was tasty to eat. 
I would definitely go again.Just loved the Peking Duck. The hoisin sauce was mindblowing. The kobe beef was oh-so soft and juicy! The desserts were so-so. The fried dumplings had some Indian spices, and they tasted almost like "Pakoras", if you know, what I mean. Truly a fusion food place. 
I liked the ambience, good for my rumbunctious two year old. The hostesses were polite and I don't know how in the midst of all the good food and screaming madness, do they keep their smiles intact. Salud! 
Sampan would definitely be on the list, next time I visit Philly.Came here with business colleagues. Decided to just order lots of things to try. Here is what we ordered: edamame dumplings, pork buns, crispy shrimp, kimchee fried rice, Brussels sprouts, duck, and wagyu beef satay. Everything we ate was amazing. Seriously. I love food and can be critical. The edamame dumplings were perfect and tender, in a wonderful broth. Very similar to the dumplings at Buddakan if you have had those. The pork belly buns were delish. The pork was the right amount or crispy and fatty.  Put a bit of sriracha on there and it was great. The buns were soft and warm. The Brussels sprouts were charred, crispy and had a sweetish flavor which worked well. Kimchee fried rice was the slightest bit spicy and a good take on this classic dish. The duck was tender and served with many scallion buns (yum) and a hoisin sauce that paired well. The duck was perfectly cooked and tender. The wagyu satay was just perfection. Again, cooked perfectly at mid rare/medium with amazing flavor. You must get this if you live red meat. 
Bottom line - I would absolutely come back and I  would order the edamame dumplings, pork buns and wagyu satay for myself, and possibly in triplicate for each again. The rice and sprouts were great, but not enough to eat again for me. The duck was similar to other duck dishes I have had, but again wonderful.very trendy, sleek, and modern place from the presentation of the food to the entire restaurant. 
I really want to like this place but the food just wasn't all that great. Two things I remember being good was the bao bun and the crab tacos. Although the presentation was exquisite, especially the mini ice creams but other then that I just feel as if from the price and the little portion you would expect every food to be a mind blowing event but it just wasn't. I remember the scallop tasting really old, we had a group of 8 and everyone agreed that it was old scallop.
The scorpion bowl was way over priced for the amount of alcohol that was in it. Even with reservations, they managed to make us wait 2 extra hours....Maybe it was just a bad day for us. I'm hoping to give this place another try? possiblyWe recently had dinner here on a Tuesday night. Slow to seat even with reservations....which was ok. had the opportunity to check out this yummy lychee spritzer drink at the bar! We were eventually seated for a party of 4, ordered our drinks as we drooled over the menu. We decided to share  8 dishes. We had cheesesteak baos, spring rolls, Hamachi ceviche, seafood har gau, wok charred lobster, kim chee fried rice and crispy brussel sprouts. Everything was delicious and came out at a steady pace. One of the waitresses came by to remove our plates and we thought they were giving us new plates for the beef short rib dish (our last dish we ordered).  About 15 mins later, our main server arrived with the dessert menu. We told him we haven't received the beef short rib dish and wanted to add on the roasted broccoli too. Initially he was apologetic for forgetting the dish and was told another order will be placed immediately w/ the chefs. The maitre d' came over and was very apologetic, offered to remove the dish from our bill and offered us free dessert. We thought, "great, that was nice of them". 30 mins go by....food coming out of the kitchen but wasn't for us. No one came back to the table. Our server FINALLY came back w/ dessert (vanilla & chocolate ice cream cones) and walked away. Thanks again for the dessert...while we were getting frustrated for waiting about 45 mins already. Our server came back and made no eye contact with us NOR did he apologize about the mix up in the order.  We told him (now it was close to an hour) to cancel our dish and provide us with the check because this was ridiculous having to wait for almost an hour for a mistake they made.  He brought the check, placed it on the table (still no eye contact) and walked away.  It was such a disappointing service despite the delicious food the restaurant prepared for us. We were looking forward tasting the beef short rib dish. Some of us have dined here before and had a great experience in the past. Unfortunately we left with the notion this may be our last visit here and may need to spread the news to our fellow foodies out there if they want better service, go elsewhere.As most people have confirmed, the food is good to excellent but portions are way too small and way too expensive.  I like eating tapas but in Spain these portions would be considered mini tapas. If they charged about a third less it would be more appropriate for the size and I'd likely return because most of the dishes were excellent. We ordered 6 dishes for two of us and one glass of wine (I was driving so I drank tap water).  The total bill was $69.  That would not have been bad for a good meal but on the way home, my partner was so hungry we broke our rule about fast food and stopped at Wendy's for a burger and fries...  My favorite dish was the calamari salad.  Close second the filet and pomme frites... We will likely not return unless they lower the prices or double the portions so you don't have to order as many.Did you ever have your server return to your table after you paid the bill, only to basically tell you that you did not tip her enough?
Yes, that happened to me last week when I dined with 7 other coworkers. 
Tip is optional, and I still can't believe she was rude enough to come get more money. I expect more from a high class establishment as Sampan. 
Way to ruin a lovely dinner by leaving your guests with a very bad taste in their mouths.Sometimes I have dreams of their dumplings, specifically the mushroom and edamame. I've had some of the best Korean food in Ny and somehow Sampan has my favorite kimchi rice. Their pork bao bun and Korean short rib apps for happy hour are the best in Philly. The mixed cocktail and oyster specials are also unique and priced just right so you can leave satisfied with money for other splurges. Once summer comes, I'll be posting multiple instagram photos of the mini ice cream cones. This is still my favorite Asian fusion restaurant and HH spot for 5 years now.I couldn't believe Yelp had this listed at 3.5 stars, so I felt compelled to write my own review since they definitely deserve more.
After going to many dinners and happy hours here, we decided to have our rehearsal dinner here.  (Note to brides: this is a perfect place if you are having a large rehearsal dinner--our guests loved it).  Our guests couldn't stop gushing about the food and ambiance.  They were very easy to work with (although the management staff turned over with alarming frequently--I think it's been pretty secure since May though).  
All in all, Sampan is WONDERFUL!  The food is delish, the decor is super-modern, and the waitstaff is solid.  But arguably the best part is the off-the-menu Scorpion Bowl.  It's essentially grown-up jungle juice in a fishbowl with a bunch of straws.  Plan on making friends ;-)I hate to do this, but If you're looking for an actual meal, don't come here. Paid 24 bucks for 3 scallops, literally 3 scallops. Tasted great, but left hungry.Been there twice, love the location and the atmosphere. Food is good, some dishes are really good, other....a bit less. Here is what I loved: Pork bao bun: tasty, didn't expect them to be fried but still very good. Tuna rice crackers, very good, nice bite sized, probably my favorite!! Korean BBQ, on a sweet side but nice and tender, Lamb chops, good, nicely cooked. Kim chee fried rice: very good, amazing with the addition of the spice red sauce. Here's what I didn't like that much: Braised short ribs, meat was tender but again a bit sweet, noodles were more like Italian spaghetti than Asian noodles and unfortunately there was a lot of oil...! Overall good, will stick with the small plates and the satay (the variety is great) and will be back for sure!I can't believe it took me so long to try the food. The daily happy hour is nicely priced for small plates and everything I had was absolutely delicious: kimchi fried rice, kobe sliders, pork dumplings. They had a variety of traditional pan-asian offerings updated to a more modern palette. Hip and trendy, while still being casual (although it felt sacreligious to eat dumplings and fried rice with a fork). 
I also had several helpings of the cocktail of the day, a pineapple mojito. I didn't get much (any) of the mint flavor, but it was still very tasty because it was nice and pineapple-y without being cloyingly sweet - a difficult balance to achieve. I normally skip the cocktail menu for this reason and go straight for the straight stuff, but I'm glad I ventured it!
Also tried their signature cereal ice cream mini-cones. Although I love small desserts that give you just enough sweetness to whet your dessert appetite, I don't think I would order it again; generic and overly sweet, just like the fruity pebbles flavor it was based on. It wasn't worth the calories.Happy hour on Saturdays! What's not to love! Came here around 4pm with my girlfriend before a Phillies game, and had to put our name on a list. We ordered drinks (including the happy hour cocktail - cheap yet crafted with care) and were seated by the time they were ready, although it was a bit hectic figuring out getting our name on the list as there was a happy hour list and a dinner menu list (is that a thing?).
The happy hour menu had good options. Our server was helpful in guiding us to order the right amount of food. I think we ordered a total of 5 items, both meat and veggie. The shrimp skewers were memorable. My girlfriend loved her veggie items.
We left via the back to check our Graffiti, which was PACKED and RAGING. Brought me back to my frat happy hour days. We decided to not stay and grab a beer, however, it looked fun... for that kind of atmosphere. Maybe next time!Solid as always. Love their house cab - affordable at $8 a glass and excellent. Crab tacos are very unique, a little spicy, and perfect! Only slight disappointment was the shrimp pad thai - it has changed a little, and no longer comes with sprouts or peanuts...was a little odd just being noodle and a few shrimp.Went for restaurant week with my boyfriend. Nice atmosphere and very friendly wait staff. I get the idea of small shareable plates and I usually like it, but I must say these portions were extremely small. Everything was very good (except the scallops were a bit odd) but I just don't think you get your money's worth. My boyfriend got food right after we left because he was still hungry. Would def go back for a happy hour or something and have one thing to pick at but that's prob itI have been to Sampan twice now for dinner and once for Happy Hour and I can officially say I am a fan. 
Everything from the waiters knowledge of the menu and ingredients to the delicious cocktails to the amazing food makes Sampan a worthwhile destination. 
I have had many delightful things here - Kobe sliders, shrimp pad thai, filet mignon but the thing that stands out most for me is....the broccoli! I fell in love with the broccoli side dish the first time I came and I will now get it every time I go back. It is crunchy, seasoned just right and absolutely delicious! Other yummy dishes to note: crispy rock shrimp, edamame dumplings and surprisingly, the french fries (they come along with the filet). 
I can't wait to go back for another HH at the outside graffiti bar and enjoy some more small, cheap bites and drinks. And of course dinner again soon!Truly amazing food ! I was pleasantly surprised. Ordered the flavorful Philly cheese Steaks, Kobe Beef Satay which melted on my tongue, Pork Buns (so delicious I ordered 2 portions), and lobster ceviche (which wasn't the best but it was still great).
I also strongly recommend the house ice cream for dessert. Yum yum yum.I do apologize for the upcoming boring review. I do have a good excuse though. I'm from Hawaii where we have a lot of great Asian-themed restaurants to choose from. We were here on vacation and this was our last night here. My mind was on Five Guys. My rule is to eat at places that are not available in Hawaii. Yes there's no Sampan either, but I'm a huge burger fan, so that was my tummy's deciding factor. 
ATMOSPHERE:
Dark, modern decor, super busy and noisy. 
FOOD:
Shrimp dumpling - Mainstream and very mildly flavored as I was picking off of a friends dish. 
Kim chee fried rice - Not spicy at all and no real taste of kim chee. We have a place on Maui that does this dish 10 times better. Yelp Tiffany's in Wailuku, HI. 
SERVICE:
Do make a reservation because this place is packed. Our female server was friendly & professional.I are here on a Friday night and it was pretty packed. The service is very good and I definitely felt that the waitress tried to do whatever she could to make the experience enjoyable especially since it was our first time there. We did the tasting menu which is roughly 45 dollar per person and you get to choose different options from each part of the menu. As a first time diner this was the best option because you get to try different things. The best part of the meal was the wagyu beef satay. It was sooo amazing and comes with an apricot glaze on the side. I didn't think it even needed the glaze but my boyfriend thought the glaze was delicious even by itself. We also had the cheesesteak bao which was pretty good, but I am not sure if I would get again. It was not very cheesy. The general tso soup dumpling is a must get in my opinion, it is not super soupy but it has a lot of flavor. We ordered the crispy rock shrimp which was just alright. The xo fried rice was very good and it was a very large portion of rice and you can definitely taste the braised short rib that's mixed in. The Chilean sea bass was good and so was the filet mignon but I this the smaller dishes here are what makes this place great. We also had the ice cream and it was super delicious!! Lastly we ordered the mango bar which comes with a delicious lime sauce on the side. We definitely will come here again.I came here for Sips with a couple of friends. We were seated right next to the grill. Although feeling very hot since we were literally right next to the hot wok, the overall experience was pretty good! The service was good. The only downside might have been the noise and slight "hecticness" (but expected for sips/happy hour). The food off the sips/happy hour menu was excellent. Everything met my taste buds!!! Most memorable -kimchi fried rice and brussell sprouts. We also ordered 2 meat dishes but I don't recall what they were called- both very savory and delicious. I would definitely go back to dine in!Had a couple drinks and an amazing calamari salad last night after closing up the shop.  But the best part was our bartender, a cute and friendly blonde.Absolutely amazing food. Very crowded but they had room for us on a busy Saturday night. We walked right in with no wait. Food was quick, great service, and again, great food. We ordered the short ribs and they melted in your mouth. We also ordered the shrimp pad thai...super yummy. We will be back!The HH at this place is great! 
I had the Korean Beef Satay, the Pork Potstickers, and the Kimchi Fried Rice for $11 total. Everything I ate was good, especially the Satay!
The drinks were not strong. I got one of the bowls for $25 and was able to share it with 3 people. My friends got the specialty cocktail for $4, and it wasn't strong at all.
I would highly recommend this place for HH.First time trying out Sampan. Always heard good things about this spot. From the menu to the restrooms. Which is pretty deep. So first things first, set reservations before you go. This place opens at 4pm and it's packed soon as the doors open. Good crowd and ambience. Low lighting, kinda dark, but good for a nice mood. Gotta turn ya flash on to catch the angles of your pics lol but it's all good. So for starters we ordered the Tequila Scorpion Bowl. Trust me for the price ($31, $25 Happy Hour), it was worth it. I was super lit by the time we got to the end of the bowl. You can split these bowls amongst 4 people or if you can go all in on a solo mission lol I ordered the Chicken Bao Bun. It was perfect. Omg! Had a FOODGASM. The chicken was cooked to perfection. A little nice spice and the ranch was the perfect topping. My peoples ordered the Kim Chee Fried Rice. It was amazing. They aren't stingy with the shrimp either. So it was definitely all good. The service was great as well. The Happy Hour menu prices are great so if you want those prices you have to drink and dine at the bar. So keep that in mind. I will definitely eat going back to this place.Sampan is a hoppin' restaurant, and seems to be popular with a youngish type crowd.  It wasn't overly loud, however.  The service was great, which is important when you do the type of menu that Sampan does.  Lots of small dishes which come out when they're ready.  The restaurant bills itself as contemporary Asian small plates, and that's what it is.
We sampled as many small plates as we could, and left stuffed.  It's hard to add what hasn't already been said here, but I will focus on some highlights.  In general, although the plates are in fact contemporary, there isn't much that is unique, which isn't bad, it's just, well, not unique!
I started with a drink that was so good I have duplicated it at home!  Grapefruit vodka, St. Germain Liqueur, and Campari.  Gotta order it!
The General Tso soup dumpling was a nice surprise, when you bit into it, the broth on the inside exploded in your mouth.  It was very tasty too.
The rock shrimp is a must have, crispy, in spite of the sauce smothering it, which is spicy and tangy too.
The edamame dumpling is very good, very creamy mouthfeel to it, and a nice broth.
The lettuce cups were good and easy to assemble, they used Bibb lettuce.  In a different universe compared to PF Changs' version.  Sorry, couldn't help myself with that comparison, since we ate at PF Changs recently, and I'm still smarting from the experience.
In general, this place does everything right.  The value is there too.  Some of the small plates are only $7 each.   It's easy to see why it's popular.I came here a few years ago for my birthday the decor, the ambiance was wonderful I wasn't too crazy about the food because of the portions and it wasn't very filling otherwise everything was great and the prices were affordable.This supposed Asian Fusion restaurant isn't that good.  We had a great start with appetizers and went downhill from there.  Just because a dish is cooked with soy save does not make it Asian fusion!
The service is great though.  Just wish its food was better since It #1 in Yelp for Asian a Fusion.  What a letdown!I hope this was just a fluke - but I wish I'd been better prepared to wait 35 minutes to be seated! -even though my small party of two made a reservation for Saturday night.  We arrived right on time and saw that the waiting room was packed. There was no place to stand and wait, or grab a drink at the bar. After talking to a few couples around us, we realized we were not alone - and in for a long wait time. Some people had been waiting over an hour to be seated - understandably since they made no reservation. But we did! Yet we noticed on the hostess' screen that there were 7 other 9:30 dinner reservation parties also waiting to be seated!
Finally after 10 pm we were shown to our table. I have to say that our server noticed what had happened and he quickly remedied the situation the only way he could: by bringing our food and drinks out quickly!! The food was delicious as always. 
I was disappointed that there was no apology for the wait time by the hostess or the staff. Nor was there a manager visible to offer a small remedy: like a free drink or app. I guess this establishment doesn't feel it needs to cater to its customers!
I can't say the delicious food and the good service makes up for waiting 35 minutes for your reserved table to be ready, but I can say it turned this low-star rating to a 4.Sampan would have five stars from me if the service was better. It took a while to get seated even though we had a reservation and after that it took a while to get water and our order taken.  The music could be quieter too. 
All of that aside, the food was AMAZING.  We had the Chef's Tasting which is definitely the way to go.  You get to pick any 7 things off the menu; two apps, satay, salad, meat entree, fish entree, and a side.  I would eat anything that we picked again and again.  After that you get two mini cones of their house made soft serve.  The waiter described the portions for this as "small bites and small entree portions" but no need to worry about it being enough food.  Everything was cooked perfectly and their takes on traditional Asian dishes (crab wonton taco, sandwich style chili pork bun, kimchi fried rice, etc) were fantastic.Favorite restaurant in Philly. Love the chilled out atmosphere, the decor is nice and the food never fails to impress.
My favorites tend to consist of the Pork Bao Buns, Crispy Wonton Tacos, Korean BBQ Beef and the ice cream of the day... Everyday.
Super friendly staff, wait isn't too long for food. 
*MAKE A RESERVATION*Went here for a few small plates with my boyfriend the other night. We sat at the kitchen counter which was fun as we saw all the beautiful care the chefs put into their creations.
The food did not disappoint. Incredible mixes of flavors and textures. Thoughtful use of ingredients. Definitely would go back!Was in Philly for the weekend, and made reservations at Sampan for dinner on a Saturday Night. I was really excited to try this place, based on the reviews online. Sampan definitely lived up to the expectation and more. My boyfriend and I sampled a bunch of different items (instead of doing the Chef's Tasting menu) since we wanted more meats and sides. Would really recommend the Edamame Dumplings, and the Peking Duck and Filet Mignon. Hands down would come back for the food - definitely a place you want to stop by and try!Great spot for Center City sips and clearly everyone knows it!  This place was hopping on a Wednesday night.  Arrive before 5 to secure a seat.  Outdoor seating available for some interesting people watching.  Sips menu includes some cocktails, beers and wines.  But the best part of the menu are all of the $3, $4, $5 apps.  We had the pork bun, brussel sprouts, kim chee fried rice, and chicken satay.   Everything was delicious bu the sprouts and fried rice took the cake.  Enjoyed a nice summer night out at Sampan.  Total for dinner was $9 each.  Can't beat that!I'm so sorry I gobbled my food and drink down so fast I didn't have time to take pictures . So I'm in Philly and my BF brother took us out to this spot .. Now when I searched yelp for places I didn't see this lovely place come up lol it's a really hip spot ! The food was quick and delicious. The bartender and I worked out something and made a custom made drink with lychee and gin and it was so delicious . I realized it was an Asian fix ion type of spot so they are mixing in both sides in their food . I had the pad Thai and a chicken satay which was so moist and delicious . The pad Thai was expensive $16 for a bowl that wasn't that big and the satay $6 . A bit overpriced ... No it's just over priced lol but it was delicious!!I would definitely give Sampan 5 stars except for the negative reception by the hostess....so 3.5 stars it is (but I couldn't do half stars on here). What was phenomenal about it was the food and the bartender (Mario).  He was polite, served our drinks promptly and took the time to chat for a minute even though it was packed when we got there.  If you want really good food, come to Sampan.  
Now for the part that made me frown.  The hostess(es) were stressed, and dismissive.  Our reservation was for 7:45pm and we weren't seated until 8:20pm.  The funny part about it was I got to the restaurant around 7:20pm anticipating there would be a crowd. So we checked in and sat at the bar (where again I must say Mario was great).  As time went on I noticed more and more people coming in and not being seated. When at 8pm I asked about when we might be seated I was told to just "wait a second and we'll be right with you".  At the same time I happened to see a co-worker who was waiting too. He said "the food is good, but there is always a ridiculous wait here". 20mins later our table was ready. 
Our server was great and the food was wonderful!!  I would just warn you that if you make a reservation....your time doesn't mean you'll be seated at that time.   I wonder if they over-book their reservation times in the same way that airlines sometimes over-book flights. Or maybe the food is so good that people just sit there and don't get up and leave when the meal is over.  The food is delivered promptly so I don't think the kitchen is slow. I don't know what it is, but maybe next time I will try a slower night maybe like Monday? Tuesday? (I went on Thursday).
Pros: good food; prompt bar service; prompt food delivery to the table
Cons: long wait (even with a reservation); hostess with stressed-out/dismissive attitude; loud musicCame here with 6 coworkers for dinner and ordered a ton of stuff. Everything was good, but the chicken here (Chicken Bao Bun & Crispy Schezuan chicken) is outstanding. Service was great and the ambiance is very modern and trendy. Would definitely recommend this place and would come back in a heartbeat.Since I moved to Philly .. This is the best Asian restaurant that I've ever been.. And they have a great happy hour too 4-7 /7 days plus I love how they serve people!!Whenever I hear "asian fusion", I immediately make this face: -_-
But I had heard good things about Sampan, so I ventured out there and was pleasantly surprised.  This restaurant is right on what I call the Gayborhood row, where you can find a lot of quality restaurants.
Service was very attentive and friendly, and also everyone was very knowledgeable on all the dishes.
I've been here twice now, and I can now say that I HIGHLY recommend coming here for Happy Hours only.  Here, many of their dishes become half price and somewhat affordable.  If you don't come during happy hour, this place becomes extremely pricey and you'll leave hungry as well.  Of course, the happy hour specials apply only to their worse dishes (what did you expect?)
Don't get their kimchee fried rice, that's insulting to your wallet.  Dumplings are also mediocre.
Highlights included the ceviche (very interesting!), Kobe beef skewers (melts in your mouth), and tuna rice crackers.I've come here a couple times for both Graffiti Bar and for Sampan and I've had good experiences with both. 
Graffiti Bar- Graffiti Bar has an amazing happy hour. Drinks are pretty cheap and you can most anything off the Sampan menu for half price (reduced portions, but definitely worth it!). The decor is actually pretty cool. It's a "hipster looking" bar covered in graffiti. It's almost easy to miss as you have to walk through a fire-hazardy alley to get into the bar (or go through Sampan). 
Sampan- Sampan might seem a bit pricey, but it's well priced for the kind of quality and creativity it offers. It's a bit on the loud side during busy hours, but that's to be expected.
Specific food reviews for Sampan-
Tuna plate- Delicious! The tuna is seared to perfection and surprisingly, the creamy sauce and potatoes provide a good alternative to the classic. 
 Kobe Beef Fried Rice: Also a very well made dish, but perhaps not worth the price tag. You can't really appreciate the Kobe Beef in fried rice. 
Peking Duck: Excellently done, but small portions. Honestly, a restaurant in Chinatown could do this for less and bigger portions.
Kim Chi Fried Rice: This kind of fried rice dish is a little bit rarer and they do it well. Definitely check it out if you're a fan of kim chi.
Korean BBQ Pork Satay: Pretty good! Very tender pork in delicious BBQ sauce.
TLDR: This place is great if you're looking for a fairly upscale restaurant for a reasonable price.After visiting frequently, sampan has become a mixed bag of really good, good, okay, bad, and horrible.
First the good- the food is consistently fantastic.  The kitchen puts out food fast and good. Highlights include the tuna rice cracker, pork bao bun, and kimchi fried rice.  I'm not a dessert person, and I think the soft serve ice cream is kind of gimicky and weird and they can do better considering the great food they put out.  I only come here for the food, drinks are secondary.
The drinks are pretty standard, cocktail list is just okay, although they have a good selection of booze all around.
Service has been off at the tables, once to the point I was astounded that they even hired the person who waited on us.  The server disappeared for at least 20 minutes between getting wine and then food.  
The bar staff is usually disengaged bro types.  Which is probably why the bar is never full.  They used to have great bartenders who actually pretended like they wanted to be there rather than texting, eating, and talking with other staff and ignoring guests.
In a nutshell the food is great, drinks and atmosphere are good to okay, service is passable to bad.Finally made it here and wasn't disappointed!!!! I went with my friend and we shared the edamame dumplings, vegetable rice, short rib low mein, and Peking duck. Everything was really yummy and we didn't have to wait too long for the food. We went around 9:45 on a Thursday and didn't have to wait to be seated. To give you an idea, I attempted to go last Saturday around 8:30 and there was a 2 hour wait so I left :)If I could I'd probably go 4.5 ... GREAT FOOD! Korean Beef Satay is no joke good. Pork belly buns are ridiculous too. Make sure you get both of those. We had the XO braised beef fried rice, Wagyu Beef Satay, Cheese steak bao buns & Rock Shrimp as well. So good. The only cons are its small/ cramped so your sitting really close to others & the happy hour (4-7 daily) while great is not open to all parts of the restaurant. So if you want the happy hour prices you can't sit in the dining room. You have to sit at the bar or outside. It's not cheap but man is it good. We'll def be back!Amazing food! Typically not a fan of Asian fusion but the quality and taste of all dishes was amazing. Highly recommend the chicken bao bun and Korean BBQ beef satay (beef literally melts in your mouth)!! Only thing is the price- be sure to catch happy hour. My friend and I had made a reservation without realizing that you had to be at the bar (first come first serve) for to get happy hour specials.Easy enough to get a reservation for 6 on a sat night (Pro)- but we had to wait, not unexpectedly, for our table well past our reservation time.  Bar service was extremely poor - not friendly and definitely not attentive.  Unless you're Pauly D, you're probably gonna have to get aggressive to get a quick drink (double Con)
I heard/read the decor was very industrial/trendy/entrancing...but I'll be honest, I thought I was inside of a west elm the whole time.
Ok - the food.  Kind of a confusing menu, but I'm glad we were 6 so we could order a sampling.  I don't really get when a restaurant recommends sharing (or say they are 'tapas' style) but then recommend that everyone gets an entree.  I personally think they should just call them larger plates (I understand that the entrees aren't cut into 5 or 6 portions for you - but maybe they should present it that way).  The mushroom dumplings and edamame dumplings were the best apps.  The pork bun sounded like it should have been my favorite - but inside a lovely steamed bun was a greasy, fried, and over-sauced piece of pork...I guess I was expecting more of a filling than a single hunk of meat.  The sausage noodles were a great side with good flavors, and more than enough for us all to share.  The only entree I thought was fantastic was the sea bass - very yummy and cooked perfectly...the korean fried chicken was the most disappointing - greasy and inconsistent (a few chunks were waay over cooked and a few were just a little overcooked)...
In summary, it was an ok experience with food that had a few bright spots, but I don't think that I'll be chompin' to get back here any time soon (esp if it's on my dime)Solid Asian fusion food. Inventive Menu r  . Lively scene. Most impressive was the quick service given the crowd and the nature of the food. Excellent MojitoThe best part of this whole experience was the edamame dumplings.  I could eat those every day, twice a day, ad nauseum.  SO delicious.  There were four just-a-bit-bigger-than-a-bite dumplings in each serving, served in a broth.  Each was bursting with flavor...the texture was creamy and delicious...omg I could just go on and on.
That being said...we had reservations for 9:45 but weren't seated until 10:15 or so.  That's a little ridiculous.  The hostesses acted like it was normal and shooed us over to the bar.  It was loud and crowded.
The other food was all right: shrimp dumplings were good but nothing to write home about, the rock shrimp appetizer was good, the mushroom dumplings were decent...  One of my friends ordered the filet mignon, which came with french fries.  We were told by the waitress that the entrees were entree size.  This was definitely not.  It was a TINY amount of beef, and the french fries were delivered separately -- maybe a full two minutes after the beef.  We had their special ice cream for dessert - chocolate cinnamon toast crunch and vanilla swedish fish.  Both were okay, a little too sweet.  The swedish fish flavor seemed to be made from pureed swedish fish, as it had a gummy texture.  
All in all, I'd go back just for edamame dumplings.  I'll sit at the bar and order a million of them and it will be gorgeous.Nice atmosphere catchy name. Very small portions. Nothing to write home about. Please stay away from the Lamb Chops. Very little flavor and the size of the chops are nothing less than ridicules. They should not be on a menu except for as an appetizer and that's not likely at $21.  I felt robbed. 
Service was slow but server was very nice. Don't think I'd return anytime soon. Better choices all around this establishment.Having only been here for happy hour, I can only say positive things. As others have noted, it is honestly one of the best happy hour deals in the city. The only downside of it is the bar area is very small, so it can be a fight to get a seat there and still make happy hour. The food has always been delicious and their cocktails are made well. The Lychee Martini is a must try!This place is very busy, Food was great, one of my favorite place in Philly to eat in. Highly recommended.I would LOVE to criticize this place.  Just because my girlfriend and I were the most annoying couple ever, they didn't want to fall in love with us.  
The pretending not to acknowledge how sickeningly sweet we were was awesome.  Waitress didn't punch me and didn't throw up... kudos.
We went on Valentines Day.  Ordered a few drinks from the bar.  The girly Martini's were not only tasty, they had an exquisite flair.  The 'coolers' were heart shaped watermelon slices.  I knew I'd get some then and there.  Also, they had no qualms about transferring our bill to the table.  I don't know how many awesome places I have been where they acted like it was the worlds biggest tragedy to make us pay one bill, then proceed to the next.  Not Sampan.
The meal was a V-day special:  seven courses that were all exceptional.  Salmon with some sort of rice(y) side was the best, but all courses made us drool.  I have dined at the best in many great cities (my brother and his girlfriend are total foodies) and I have learned not to be surprised.  Sampan did get me surprised.  Excellent.
It was even more exceptional when you consider the staff was turning over and turning over.  Great atmosphere, great decor.  Then you throw in GREAT FOOD in the middle of an eight hour "better make it the best meal ever" rush? 
Sampan did good.  They did very good.I was lucky to hear about Sampan from my hotel door man- what a find! It was just me so they put me at the viewing bar and what a show! These guys put out amazing food - Asian bar food at its best. Make it a place to eat when you go to downtown Philly.The food is good, but nothing outstanding. The Kimchi fried rice is just bland, the lobster ceviche - ok.
3 best things were the lamb satay (very tasty, but regular, run of the mill lamb chops) and the mushroom salad and  brussel sprouts are pretty tasty/unique.
The sauerkraut eggroll is worth trying, but most of the flavor is masked by the fried outer shell. 
Would return for the vibrant scene, but head elsewhere if you want the combo of great atm and great food. So many wonderful places to choose from in Phily!The food was absolutely delicious here and I enjoyed that idea of sharing a lot of small plates. There were two of us and we both did the chef's tasting which is quite a bit of food for $45. 
The reason I'm giving this 4 stars instead of 5 is because we had a reservation, but still waiting about 30minutes for our table. Also, it's quite loud at this restaurant so I wouldn't consider it a romantic type of atmosphere. We were basically yelling at each other across the table. 
Overall, I would definitely go here again because the food is so good and it is very reasonably priced, but I would not recommend it for anyone headed out in a first date or for a romantic evening.Made reservations on open table and when we arrived, the manager rudely told they hadn't received any reservation in our name and they couldn't help us.  After showing them the reservation on our phone he remarked "find them something".   The food and the wait staff were good, but the greeting was so off putting I wouldn't rush to dine there again.   It is also very noisy.Sampan has one of the best happy hours in Philadelphia. It's seven days a week, and you can't beat the prices. Their food is pretty good, and they put a twist on some classics. I would definitely recommend the kimchee fried rice or bao buns. The portions are pretty significant and large enough to share. Drinks are also pretty good. They always have a signature cocktail and beer on special.My brother has been telling me to check this place out for weeks, so I finally did with two buddies last night for restaurant week.  It was phenomenal.  We had an 8-course meal for $35 bucks pp, and all 8 courses were good to great.
Some of my favorites were the rock shrimp, the chicken bao bun, the beef short rib and the soft serve -- vanilla and chocolate were both really good -- and i don't even like ice cream that much.
The atmosphere was good with a lot of action at the bar and cool decor.  The service was a bit slow, but the place was packed so I can understand that.
All in all, a must try in Philly.Got the bill straightened out. So now I feel like I can go back and try the rock shrimp and filet mignon that I missed the first time around ... :)For my birthday weekend my guy got us reservations for this place. I read lots and lots of great reviews so when I finally visited my expectations were high. Sampan did not disappoint! 
Each of us started out with the One Inch Punch cocktail and the first one was delicious, the second one was a little stronger(which is never a problem) but that time there was an orange peel in it and that threw the entire thing off for me. 
I ordered the lamb (forgive me for Not knowing the exact names of the dishes.) and also the spicy Dan Dan Noodles. It was delicious. This was my first time trying lamb and it was perfect. 
My guy had the duck with the scallion pancakes and also the duck fried rice. His food was yummy(of course I tried his, and probably enjoyed it more than he did)
I would recommend Sampan to anyone, great food, great staff, and the ambiance is nice and unique. 
I love this place. I definitely plan on going back.This is an awesome modern Asian fusion restaurant with an even better Happy hour. Albeit its not gonna be the most authentic asian you've eaten but it doesn't need to be. I had the tasters menu, so I had a chance to sample various items on the menu. Its pretty well priced at 45 per head. 
Everything was Awesome but here is the order of preference by the slimmest of margins. 
1) Pork Bau Buns
2) Rock Shrimp
3) Filet Mignon
4) Bahn mi Pork
5) Edamame dumplings
Everything is on the happy hour except for the filet, so thats why I am more of a happy hour regular than grabbing dinner here.Starting off with a suggestion: Try the $45 tasting menu.
 I had 2 mega skinny 21 year old college students with me  so I didn't consider it. But, their eyes lit up when they saw the incredible variety and my bill wound up being perhaps only $10 less than had we done the $45 per person.  We all  went home with doggie bags without the prix fixe so it would have been an incredible value in that you get if I recall- 7 items. You should have seen the smiles on their faces when they returned back to Temple U with 2 more meals of real food :-)
Originally, being the cool mom I am,  I planned dinner at their attached, heavily recommended  GRAFFITI BAR but it was way smaller than I had imagined. Both 21 years olds nixed the idea of eating there when they saw it. So much for Mom finding something hip n cool.  It does however look good for their age group to do a happy hour. Mom too with her friends. 
We had fried calamari, a chicken dish, shortribs, a la carte veggies. All done to perfection and tasty. Service was top notch.
I will be back.Great happy hour spot, kind of tough to get a bar spot so get there early. Always good prices and fast service. Fun ambiance for happy hour with friends or a date.What an outstanding dining experience! We tried Sampan for the first time this week and we took advantage of their restaurant menu. The restaurant was packed, even as early as 6:30 as there wasn't a table available - and for good reason. The small plates were fantastic, especially the soup dumplings and salt and pepper seafood. The service was spot on and friendly and the prices were reasonable given the quality and size of the portions. We loved the entire experience and we will be back for more!I love trying new restaurants shortly after they open. A few years back I did that with Sampan and I've been a loyal customer and never disappointed ever since. 
Just the atmosphere itself sets the mood for a good time, back-lit wall mural, open kitchen, which I love and something a little quirky, the bathrooms, they pipe in sound of like movie clips or something which is really kind of fun. It's a great place for a dinner date, good to chill with small close group of friends, great for happy hour, esp out back in the Graffiti Bar, which is just that; a kind of indoor/outside space where the walls are covered with graffiti like a train in NYC during the early 90's, it's great. 
Before I even get to the food I have to shout out the fish bowl drink, you have to try it. I've seen people do it with 4 people, personally I think that's a little, well a lot gross, 2 people works, however prepare to need a cab home. For the menu, I haven't had anything that hasn't been good. The menu does change periodically so you could go and come back and then your favorite is no longer available, happened to me but you'll live and find something new. It's Asian Fusion done well. I like the Shrimp & Lobster Dumplings, Koren BBQ Beef Satay, Kim Chee Fried Rice and the Sea Bass. 
Can't wait to go back. Actually it's been awhile, I need to get back soon.Tonight I finally had the chance to dine at Sampan, I'm not sure if this is considered a 5 star restaurant but it felt like it!!! The atmosphere is great and so are the workers. We were seated immediately. The noise level is loud but it's one of those type of places, and it is very dark inside, bring a flash light lol for the menu. Everything move quick here. The menus are very simply put and once we ordered I can't even explain how quick the food came, the food was great we ordered roasted Scallops (I would do without the sauce on the plate), Brussel sprouts, Wok Charred Lobster (the way the noodles work in this dish is amazing they're originally hard but once mixed they're soft, the chef honestly should try pairing the scallops with these type of noodles it would be a banger)and had Rice Krispy Ice Cream Sushi for dessert. All the workers worked on cue. When we were done one worker cleaned our table while our waiter was helping another table, he saw them clean the table off and as soon as he was done he came over and made sure we were ok and handed us the dessert menu. It really was perfect. I think it's good for first dates, after work or even just spending a night in town. There's bar seating here as well if you're looking to just drink the bartender look like he was mixing up something sweet!! The price range is great. The seating is a little cramped and sometimes share a table with the person right next to you, but whatever. Give it a try!!! I suggest reserving on open table, while we were checking in people were pouring into this place.Delicious! Sam Pan has done a great job in trying to replace our favorite San Francisco Asian fusion place. We finally perfected our date night dinner order:
-Edamame dumplings - Rich and unique
-Tuna rice crackers - Great blend of textures and very tasty.
-Short rib satay - Brilliant. I never met a short rib I didn't like.
-Pork bao buns - yummy, almost too easy to gobble up.
-Broccoli - meets the need to eat a vegetable.
Great for sharing for two. We also enjoy sitting at the counter to watch the dishes roll out. The happy hour is a great deal since the food is cheap. Make a reso for Fri/Sat dinners, or grab a spot at the bar.So so pleased with all the small plates we got here. Went to the graffiti bar and did some happy hour. We shared a bunch of things and everything blew us away with the taste and portion for the price. Everything was $3-$4 and just what you would want from a pan-asian place. 
We got kimchi fried rice which was a huge huge portion with shrimp and egg, shocked that was only $4. Also got short rib satay which was the tastiest of them all. Duck dumplings which was pretty innovative with the tangy plum type sauce and big tender pieces of duck. Also did shrimp and lobster dumplings that came in a very flavorful miso soup, and pork buns. Truthfully the pork buns weren't as tasty as the rest, but I think a sauce would have helped. 
There was only one bartender serving a bunch at the bar and playing waiter to the whole bar, but he was still pretty attentive. They shouldve had another person or two on staff but he did a great job for the busy place he had. Also the place smelled a little funny, but everything was metal out there, so it was probably that. Some seriously tasty food though at a really awesome price!Definitely a romantic place to go, it's a very sexy atmosphere and the food is easy to eat. The cocktails are made with fresh ingredients and juices which is the best. Get the lobster shrimp dumplings sooo good. Pass on the edamame dumplings, the truffle was overwhelming, couldn't have another bite. Ate at the bar which is my favorite thing to do, the bartenders were attentive and friendly which is surprisingly hard to come by in town. I am always surprised by smug bartenders since I used to be one and we work on tips.My friend and I went for an early dinner/happy hour and were seated immediately at the open kitchen seating. Really cool spot to get if you're into that kinda think (which I am as a manager of another restaurant)!!! Kitchen staff didn't wear gloves, nor did I see them wash their hands at all, which really concerned me. But, that kinda thing doesn't totally turn me off...so I ignored it.
Happy hour was cheap and FILLING! I swear, the sides on the happy hour menu were bigger than any other items. I got the brussels sprouts, pork bao buns, rangoons, and beef chow mein. Brussels sprouts and bao buns were to DIE! I could have eaten those two dishes all night, every day! The happy hour cocktail was a soda and lemon concauction with either vodka or gin in it..the waitress never specified...but for $4 each, it was delish! Our bill came out to about $35 per person.
If you want a cheap happy hour spot that will keep you full and buzzed through the dinner hours, Sampan is the place to go!
...and in response to the latter Yelp about the woman who was mad that the waitress confronted her about her bad tip: TIPPING IS NOT OPTIONAL. If a waitress is so pissed about her tip that she actually confronts you, then you must've royally undertipped. Was it rude? Yes. But maybe reflect on your tips before putting blame on the waitress. 20% is the standard, people!!!Came here for my birthday and got a free drink! Their cocktails are good, and their pork belly buns are even better.After four years of living in Philly, I finally made it to Sampan for happy hour! I wish I had come sooner. Drinks were reasonably priced and happy hour snacks were good. The best thing was the broccoli, which was pan fried to perfection and seasoned with garlic. The edamame dumplings were also excellent. The tofu "tacos" were the only disappointment. They were encased in fried wonton wrappers, and the flavor was dominated (ruined) by sweet and sour sauce. (The menu description didn't even mention sweet and sour sauce.)
I would gladly come back here for happy hour, though I wouldn't bother coming for dinner, since the vegetarian dinner options were pretty sparse.One of my favorite restaurants in the city for sure. In my opinion, some of the best bao buns you can get. The menu is innovative, interesting, and consistently delicious. Their desserts are insane too- the smores and the home made ice creams are to die for. Also, get the pad Thai- it's inexpensive for a relatively large portion and is absolutely delicious.We were visiting  from NY and we parked out front and saw a lot people walking in the place so we decided to give it a try. 
The place Is fabulous!  Cool decor. The service was right on. Kristine was our waitress and she knew the menu and made suggestions. She was bubbly and personable and added to our experience. Flavors are addicting. I wish I lived closer I'd be eating the chicken satay for breakfast. :)Took my friends from out of town here and they loved it. This is one of my favorites restaurants in the city! With four people in our party, we did NOT do the chef's tasting - I think it's way too much food. We got edamame dumplings, pork bao buns, Korean BBQ beef, the short rib, crab tacos, brussel sprouts and the dandan noodles and that was plenty! And it's cheaper than the tasting. Everything was delicious!Best happy hour in the entire city.  Bold but true.  I don't need to try every happy hour to know that Sampan does it right and the best.  Everytime.  All the time.
I like to sit in either the graffiti bar, although it can be very very loud there, or if I'm looking to actually have a conversation with whoever I'm there with then I go for the chef's table.  It's very fun to watch all the chefs meticulously prepare the most delicious dishes.  I've been so lucky as to get free samples and plates of things I've never tried while sitting there. 
Their brussel sprouts are the most delicious little green vegetables in the entire world.  I dream about them.  It's kind of awkward.  Edamame dumplings are a must.  Oh wait, everything else on the menu is delicious and a must, too.
Thirsty?  They change up their $5 happy hour cocktail EVERY DAY because they have happy hour 7 days a week!!!  That's my kind of place.  They also have $4 wines and $3 beers.
Did I mention I love Sampan? Go there.  ASAP.Hands down, best happy hour in the city.  Why?  It's seriously a no-brainer.  First of all, they have the best food specials in town, for a happy hour.  Four dollars will get you a gigantic bowl of shrimp fried rice.  Two dollars actually goes rather far here, and I usually stuff my face with a gourmet hot dog or Kobe beef slider.  I can also drink my face off with glasses of house red at $4 a pop.  I always leave here feeling slightly tipsy and full, but not the type of full that makes me want to go home and take a nap.  Oh and they have happy hour on Saturday too.  #winning!This place has amazing happy hour specials, please note that you have to be seated at the bar for them.  I met a friend last minute that could only see me for like 30 minutes before having to go somewhere else and in that time we were able to order and eat 4 appetizers off the menu as well as each have two drinks all for $22 before tip.  The edamame dumplings are so delicious!!!  I am not a fan of hot dogs but my friend ordered the Kobe Hot Dog so I tried it and thought it was excellent.  If I am ever back in Philly I will be returning.It pains me to give Sampan 2 stars. I've eaten here a plethora of times and keep coming back because the food is consistently delicious and I've never had a problem with service. Tonight was the worst service I've ever had here in no less than 10 visits. 
Firstly, the table seated next to us, who sat down after us, got all of their courses before our edamame dumplings - the first course of the chef's tasting menu.
Secondly, our waiter checked on us far less than the number of times he checked on other tables around us. He barely conversed with us which usually I wouldn't care about but I heard him ask our neighboring table where they were from and other questions. 
Lastly, we had to request fresh plates and water, from other servers as ours was missing. My friend ordered hot tea which he brought fairly quickly and walked away but then she had to request a spoon - again from a different server.Food was delicious!  A group of us got the sampler menu and everything tasted amazing after a long cold day walking around the city.  They were able to easily upgrade our reservation from 4 to 6, and the menu was perfectly sized to allow everyone to try just about everything.  The only thing was that the waiter was a little...tweaked out...and visibly so.  Gave us plenty of entertainment throughout dinner though!Been here a few times since my first review and have to say that their service seems to live up to the food. Perhaps, my first visit was an outlier!Usually I have a great time here, but this visit was just "eh". My favorite foodie friend and I had our lips set on some dishes that all came out just "eh". 
I ordered the crab wonton tacos, shrimp satay, crispy brussel sprouts, and the kimchee fried rice. My friend ordered the mushroom salad, duck fried rice, Korean fried chicken, and hmmmm I forgot the last thing, we shared everything for the most part.
The crab tacos were not what I expected. It was a crab salad in a wonton taco shell, served chilled. The flavors were not really there for me. We added Siracha...because Siracha makes everything better. 
Next the mushroom salad. You know when you hear a dish comes with goat cheese and truffle oil...it's automatically amazing...well this, not so much. The salad came topped with "shredded" goat cheese. Are you wondering how that's possible? It's a day later and I am too. The greens were bitter, and I didn't taste any truffle...I am a truffle fanatic so I know my truffle! I prefer globules of goat cheese, and a sauce/more dressing should have been more present. 
I needed a drink at this point. We were 0/2. The Lavender Sour drink is amazing hands down! 
Next course, kimchee rice, fried rice with Korean pickled cabbage, shrimp, and a sunny side up egg! Just my style. The dish came out and the waiter spoons the dish breaking the egg! Smells delish! Looks delish. Taste, eh. The rice was okay. I didn't get a hint of the pickled cabbage, the cabbage was present in the dish but there was no wow factor. I asked for salt and pepper, but they actually don't have salt and pepper shakers. This would be okay if the flavors were bursting in your mouth. 
Shrimp Satay. Should have been "Shrimp SALTay". A minute over cooked and too salty for my liking. The pesto which came with almond and something else...wasn't great to me or my foodie friend either. Le sigh! 
The crispy brussel sprouts, had to be sent back. They were way too salty. You bit them and sucked your cheeks together. It was terrible. 
My friend liked her duck fried rice and Korean chicken. I did not try either. 
Our waitress was kind. She could have been a bit more attentive, but she may have had a larger table elsewhere.
It was very sweet they comped my dessert. Crunch berries vanilla ice cream. That was tasty. I would go back, because I've had great experiences here before I was a yelper. It may have been a bad night. Chow down!Had a wonderful family reunion dinner here last night. We opted for the $40 tasting menu, but unlike most other chef's tasting menus you get to make all the choices.
The waitress and kitchen accommodated our request to split the selections by the two halves of the table-good thing as coming to any agreement for a group of 11 would have been nearly impossible, and as it turned out we only had 1/9 selections that were the same. All of the choices were very tasty, but the Philly Cheese Steak (served as a crostini and not the bao bun as menued) the Thai Chicken, and Crispy Brussel Sprout were outstanding. Service was very good, but as the dishes leave the kitchen as they are ready, it was a bit uneven at times as 2-3 arrived before we were done with the ones in front of us. Still it was a very enjoyable evening overall and a great way to share a fun meal.Only in Philadelphia for a night and decided to stop by here for dinner. We got seated by the kitchen at 6:58 and happy hour ended at 7pm. The waiter was so nice that he still gave us happy hour deals! We ordered kimchi fried rice, pork bao buns, chicken bao buns and general tsos soup dumplings. Everything was delicious and the food came out really fast. Our favorite was definitely the pork bao buns and the soup dumplings. YUM. We will definitely come back here one day!Decent food and good drinks but I was not impressed with the service. I arrived a few minutes prior to our 5:30 weeknight reservation and couldn't be seated until my friend arrived even though the restaurant was pretty empty. After being seated, we asked about happy hour specials and were told we had to sit outside for happy hour so we moved outside. Our waitress rushed us and asked if we wanted another round a few sips into our drinks, though there was still over an hour left of happy hour. After we finished our drinks and snacks, she brought the check immediately and continued to stop by after picking up the check in a way that made us feel like we needed to leave even though there were plenty of open tables.So pricy and service sucks. 
We made a reservation a day before for a birthday dinner, and in the very day we had to wait outside for an hour and a half, no compensation or apologetic attitude whatsoever. Food amount is not enough. 
The only good part was nice interior design and ambience.This place is so good! We got edamame dumplings and philly cheesesteak dumplings as appetizers and they were absolutely delicious! The filet mignon was also some of the best I have ever had. Sushi dessert is also a good option. So excited to come back!Spur of the moment night out with the wife for our Anniversary. My wife was here once before and loved it and couldn't wait for me to try it.  It was a Wednesday night and happen to be sips so we ordered of that menu. We each had the specialty drink of the night and almost everything from the menu. Some of our favorites were the pork bao buns, beef satay, crab Rangoon, and Kim Chee fried rice.  Everything was delicious! The servers were so attentive and were telling us what to order and what we had to try. They were right on the money! We sat around the chefs table and it amazed us how quickly they get the food out! Impressed is an under statement! Even the dessert as simple as it was (dessert sushi) was delicious! I work nights so it's tough to get off on a Wednesday night. But, no doubt my next night off I'm taking the wife back. Best of all, with tip we spent $60, you can't get service and food anywhere for that kind of money!!The happy hour here is awesome- tons of delicious, cheap bites.  For a mere $35 bucks for 2 people I was stuffed to the point where I could barely move.  The chicken and pork dumpings were fantastic.  The chicken one was like a huge chunk of general tsos chicken wrapped in a thick, doughy bun.  The kobe beef slider (for 2 bucks!) was amazing, as was the kobe beef hot dog.  The duck egg rolls...soooo good!  The lobster and crab dumplings floating in a miso broth, was also good.
Unfortunately, there were a few misses as well.  The brussel sprouts with crunchy, puffy rice was SO SALTY.  I immediately felt my blood pressure rising,  my legs swelling up and I had to down 2 glasses of water from 1 bite.  I think Sampan really has a salt issue.  I came when they first opened, and the only thing I remembered then, was that the food was way too salty.  The next miss was the kimchee fried rice.  It was kind of bland and did not have enough kimchee or spice.  There was also an egg over easy on top, which was great, but I didnt' appreciate how the server cuts it up for you and mixes the yoke in.  I kind of wanted to do that myself at my own discretion.  But, the huge bowl of fried rice was only 4 bucks!
The original hostess that was there when I first walked in wasn't the friendliest and had a condescending air about her.  I didn't realize that happy hour was only available at the bar or in their "kitchen dining' section.  The hostess didn't bother explaning this and seated my friend and I all the way in the back of the restaurant, right next to the bathroom, when the entire place was empty.  Luckily when we went back to the hostess satation to get a new seat for HH, the bitchy hostess was no where to be seen and we were seated by a super friendly server.  
I will definitely be back for happy hour, but I will avoiding the overly salty brussel sprouts!This place was the highlight of my vacation in Philly. They have the best bar menu in the world, the chicken wings were great, the shrimp fried rice was the best I've ever had, chicken skewer was also divine. Please go and see for yourself, the outdoor patio was really cool and interior of the restaurant is nice and upscale. My only drawback, which isn't a big deal was that there were not many drinks on the menu, however they have a full bar so you can improvise. I can't wait to get back to Philly so I can come back here!!!great servers too...Edamame dumplings and chicken bao buns. Bring back the cheesesteak toasts with sharp provolone and sriracha, please!4 stars because Sampan is great for Center City sips on Wednesdays but you must arrive before 5:30 pm becuase it fills out very quickly
recommended food: brussel sprouts, pork bao buns, kimchi fried rice
recommended drinks: sparkling peach sake sangria, asian mojitoI went for the first time during Center City Sips & was sooo pleasantly surprised. Granted it was crowded, which is expected during CCSips, but the drinks were on point & the Kimchee Fried Rice was delicious! I almost placed a second order  The spring rolls weren't good, but the other food & drinks made up for it. The atmosphere was very chic & the service was quick. I can't wait to go back!I am completely in love with Sampan! Of the few times I've been I have had no issues whatsoever. The food is great. Drinks are good. The service was good. The ambience was casual yet semi-dressy, meaning it's a nice date spot but also great for catching up with friends. 
During my most recent visit I ordered the Pork Bao Buns (a favorite of mine, these are worth the trip alone) and the Korean Fried Chicken. The chicken was perfectly crispy, not dry at all and the flavor was amazing. The order comes with 4 large pieces. I was satisfied after 1 and half! My friend ordered the mini Crab Wonton Tacos. They were so good we had to talk ourselves out of ordering more. Both my friend and I got 1 small plate, a dinner item and two drinks and spent about $50/person. Which isn't bad when drinks run you anywhere from $12-15 at many places. 
I've always come on a Friday evening and the place is busy, but not obnoxiously crowded. I am hoping to come for their happy hour, which I've heard is a can't miss. 
The bottom line is, you need to come to Sampan! If you like Asian food, good drinks and friendly service, this is your place!The flavors and presentation at Sampan are wonderful... a wide selection of familiar dishes are cleverly reimagined and perpared perfectly.  However these successes are overshadowed by anemic portions, which left me and my fellow diners feeling that we hadn't gotten our money's worth.  Perhaps this model works better for a party of two or three... but the only saving grace that brought my rating from two stars to three was the excellent service we received.My wife and I thoroughly enjoyed our date at Sampan. We had been here for an Elite event a while back, and really enjoyed it. So we thought we would come back to check it out on a regular night--glad we did. 
The mixed drinks here are phenomenal--you really can't go wrong--and the food is delicious. I highly recommend the pork bao buns; they were ridiculous. We also go the general tso soup dumpling, but it wasn't quite what I expected. I think that it may have sprung a leak or something, as there wasn't much soup inside. Don't miss out on the korean bbq satay--it was really the star of the meal.
The ambiance is very cool and modern, and the servers are friendly and knowledgeable. I'd definitely recommend coming by for dinner one night. The restaurant's concept of refined Asian street food is really cool and definitely worth a try.Really delicious food and very fun atmosphere. The General tso's dumplings were to die for, as were the pork bao buns and the beef short rib. Very crowded, so make a reservation in advance. Service was good and food came out quickly. Haven't stopped thinking about it for days.Amazing! Made reservations for my birthday dinner which was a bit troublesome considering if you have a group of 12 or more they require you to have a set menu for $45 per person (cheapest option). They also charge a 5% booking fee on top of that but it is well worth it. They also make you put down a deposit. 
I thought it would be like restaurant week where you choose one thing from each category but nope! You get everything on your chosen menu at the perfect portions to fill up your party. We had a little trouble when we got in considering we all showed up on time for the reservation but after about 30 mins of waiting, we were told we did not yet check in even though when we first got there they told us they were clearing the table. I don't think we sat down until about 50 mins later but they added calamari to our kale salad to compensate our wait. Whatever but at least they acknowledge it. 
You can choose to switch out items you may not want from the original menu. Some items may be a bit more but you can work with the host to make your choices. Everything was amazing! I was pleasantly surprised and to be honest the delicious food made up for all the inconveniences throughout the booking process to waiting for table. Everyone enjoyed the meal and it was great to not have to make any decisions on what to order and be able to try everything. Great place for Groups! Highly recommend!
PS the pork belly bun was probably my favorite as was the short rib noodles and the Kim Chee fried rice. The little soft serve ice cream dessert was great too! 
PSS service could've been better, well friendlier. I don't ask for much.. Just someone friendly who acts like they enjoy their job.Very good restaurant.  Most of their dishes are delicious, and small enough that you can try a bunch of different things every time you go. The food is consistently very good and the servers all know the food well.  Check out the bathrooms--they have sound clips from various movies playing.We went here last night for dinner after a superb experience about a year ago. Sorry to say the food, service, treatment and experience here has deteriorated badly! We had cold soup dumplings, the filling was flavorless. The sea bass was flavorless and overcooked, the sauce was missing seasoning. The vegetable dumplings were meh, and the vegetable stir fry was once again flavorless and missing seasoning.
Even with a reservation, the staff seemed overwhelmed and not so friendly. Didn't feel treated well and overall a negative experience when we expected much more from a place like this!I am dying to go back again and have lined up my girlfriends for individual dates to go so I can go again a lot!!  The food was so delicious, service was equally as amazing.  Food came out very fast and was presented beautifully.  You can tell the chefs put a lot of thought into quality and have thought out the full experience.Such a great after work experience! Shannon the bartender was fantastic and the manager on duty was on top of things!The food happy hour. Just go. Sit at the bar and enjoy. It's the equivalent of dinner and a show. The beef skewers were my favorite!! You really can't beat the price, service and food. It was my first time but not my last. Our waiter was Zach and he was great.Disappointing
I consider myself a foodie having lived in Manhattan the last 16yrs and since moving to Center City in May, I've been enjoying Philly's resturants. Was dying to go to Sampan since I live in the Gayborhood - however, what a disappointment.  The only positive was the edamame dumplings.  Everything else was cold (fried chicken satay), lacking of any seasoning (beef short rib) and blah.  Meh!  We also waited 30 mins for a glass of wine.Happy hour is a must go-to here. Talk about a great deal. The kicker is that it's only available at the bar, which only seats about 12-15. Happy hour is from 4-7 and includes a variety of items, including: satays, dumplings, buns, side dishes, and more. Everything is $3-4, including beers. The best dishes include the brussel sprouts (fish oil and spice, I've never had any sprouts this nice... Although bing bing dim sum makes a close second), bahn mi (great portion size and exploding with flavor), the chow fun (the shredded pork really makes this dish), the edamame dumplings (and the other dumplings), and the shrimp satay (comes with a refreshing guacamole-like sauce). The service is quick and accomodating. The atmosphere is slightly upscale but jeans are fine. Will definitely be going back.In a word, this place is F-A-N-T-A-S-T-I-C.
For a special $35 per person meal, you could order 2 apps, 1 cold, 1 satay, 1 meat, 1 fish and 1 side off the regular menu and a mini-dessert was included.
There were no misfires here - not one - and the portions were generous.
What was chowed-on:
1) Edamame dumplings - light, fluffy and delicious
2) General Tso Soup dumpling - an interesting creation with soup in every bite
3) Lamb chop - don't usually like lamb but it was AMAZING.
4) Crispy rock shrimp - WOW
5) Beef short rib - melt in your mouth delish and comes with lo mein
6) Scallop & Shrimp Hot Pot - Don't like scallops in general but the shrimp were jumbo and the broth wonderful.
7) Kim Che Fried Rice with shrimp and fresh egg (which they mix into the rice in front of you) 
I can't even pick a favorite because everything was so good.
Free dessert consisted of four mini-soft serve ice cream cones. The flavors rotate but this night were cinnamon toast crunch (another wow) and "Skittles" (not my favorite, but only because I don't like Skittles).
I've been to Chifa and a million other excellent restaurants in Center City but this is an absolute gem. Chef Michael Schulson deserves major props for this place. I'll be back a million times more, I hope.Tasting a little bit of everything and everything is awesome! Crab Rangoon is incredible. Wagyu Beef & Korean BBQ are delicious. Loved the Edamame Dumplings in a very tasty broth. The pièce de résistance: Pekin Duck! (No "g") It's a little taste of heaven. 
Comfortable atmosphere and cool decor along with impeccable service makes for a great dining experience!
And we just had one of each unbelievably perfect desserts! Can't wait to come back!!!
(P.S. Good luck finding street parking.)I have only ever experienced the greatness of Dim Sum at more authentic, in the heart of Chinatown, sort of places, where they may not speak English, but they do not have to because you only have to point at what you want from the wheeling carts passing by every couple minutes.  But I was intrigued to see what kind of take a trendy, modern Asian venue would have on the Dim Sum experience.  
To be honest, I would describe what they call a Dim Sum brunch as a Tapas-style brunch.  There were very few of the familiar carts of unidentifiable, yet delicious-smelling dim sum bites for patrons to pick from.  We mostly ordered small bites from a menu instead.  The portions were decent-sized, but I've had true dim sum of similar amounts starting as low as $2 a plate, where as here everything was nothing lower than $6.   I get that this isn't supposed to be a traditional Dim Sum, but why call it that?
Despite all this, the plates we tried were quite tasty. We especially enjoyed the Wild Mushroom Dumplings and Crab Rangoon.  Alhough the experience was a bit different than expected,  I would go back to taste more dim sum/tapas/small bites/appers treats they have to offer.Really good Asian fusion food.  Everything we ordered was great.  I think the beef short ribs were the best.  All the fried rice types were amazing. Dessert was rice crispy treat ice cream sushi.  Would make this a regular place on my list of places to eat.Let me start this review saying that i am a VERY picky eater, so I was nervous to come here for a birthday party. My group wanted to do the 'tasting menu' which is $45/per person and includes 7 dishes with dessert. I was worried that I wouldn't like what the group picked or that it wouldn't be enough food, but boy was I wrong!!! 
First- The things I loved:
1. General Tso soup dumplings are OUT OF THIS WORLD amazing. I will come back to this restaurant solely for these
2. the wings are so crispy and the sauce was delicious
3. Korean BBQ Satay...the flavor was outrageously delicious
4. Scallion pancakes that came with the duck were delicious
Second- The things that I would pass on:
1. Cheesesteak bao....didn't have much flavor
2. XO fried rice...again, not much flavor
3. Filet mignon- hurts my heart to type this, but I think it was lacking in flavor and they could have done so much more with this dish. 
Overall..amazing. I will be back. If you're a picky eater or you don't each much Asian food....STILL GO. You will be pleasantly surprised.graffiti bar.
kimchee fried rice!!! +1
apple walnut salad!! +1
i'm told they turn on the heat lamps when it gets cold and dont like to close except for snow.I came with a party of 8 and everyone proclaimed Sampan a great group option - good food, good vibe, and good service. For larger groups, the Chef's Tasting, which is typically 7 courses + dessert for $45, goes up to 9 + dessert courses...still at $45! So, of course, we opted for the Chef's Tasting. Standouts included the Wagyu Beef, Edamame Dumplings, Pork Bao Bun, and Kale & Calamari Salad.I love Sampan purely for the location, atmosphere and food. I've had off experiences though like the ac not working or not being on full blast when it's hot outside. For some reason they use an ingredient that makes me dry heave after I eat, I thought it was something in the pad Thai but I can't figure it out now, I always feel nauseous after eating. I don't have that problem with the apps at graffiti bar so it must be the noodles/rice dishes in the restaurant. I'm giving it 4 stars because I would love to be able to eat their pad Thai since it is amazing, my mouth says yes but my stomach says no. 
Their edamame dumplings are one of my favorites to get, so light and delicious. The skewers are also good, they're small but you can try out a few that way. The tasting menu for one is enough food for two people, it's a lot so come hungry. Prices aren't bad for the portion sizes and their cocktails are so yummy.I love Sampan but ALWAYS COME EARLY DURING HAPPY HOUR! Graffiti Bar is cool and fun to be at during winter if you get the seats that are underneath the heaters. 
If you get there later, you might get stuck with no seats or seats that are just out of range of the overhead heaters!
They have amazing specials ($4 for Brussels sprouts? $4 for kimchee fried rice? Yes please).
Visit the bathrooms and get creeped out when you think someone's talking to you.Sampan is a great place, period. If you are alone, or out with just one other person, I highly recommend their  fantastic Happy Hour. It is reasonably priced and includes a wide variety of drinks and small bites (and in a place where portions are made for sharing this is important when you are alone or with only one other person), ranging from $2-$5. Some of my favorites are the edamame dumplings, the brussel sprouts and broccoli, and really all of their satays. Truly delicious.
I also recommend Sampan for large groups, as the environment is beautiful, the family style feel is relaxed (think tapas meet hot pots), and it is truly a place where you can spend hours (though the bill can rack up too, so be careful).My husband and I were visiting from out of town and picked Sampan to celebrate our Birthday dinner. 
Service: we had a desecration and were seated within 5 min of checking in. The place was packed so I recommend a reservation. 
our waiter was wonderful! He explained the menu and gave honest input to the selections we made. The food comes out as it's made, no rhyme or reason and everyone that delivered was kind. 
Food: we picked the tasting menu. I was nervous because we were hungry and I didn't think it would be a lot of food but we were wrong. There was so much food that we took food home. We started with the pork potstickers and edamame dumplings. Both were tasty. We picked the Korean BBQ beef satay which was our of this world, I could have eaten another 10 orders of that alone! We chose the beef short ribs which came with noodles and the scallops, I could have done without the scallops, the short ribs and noodles were good. We also had the kimchi friend rice which was delish and such a big bowl for two! Our meal ended with 2 mini ice cream cones which were so good!Perfect happy hour experience either inside at the bar, in the front outside or back at Graffiti Bar. Seriously don't know how it would be possible to find a better value with $3 and $4 plates and $4 drinks. Service is great, ambience is awesome and food is super yummy. Loved the edamame dumplings, kimchee fried rice with shrimp and buns. So easy, fun, delicious, cheap...perfect! You won't regret it.Really great Asian fusion place. Their happy hour is the best, very affordable food, $3-5 per appetizer dish and drinks from $5-9. Pretty busy in the evenings, hard to get a table, good atmosphere.I am giving this restaurant 3 stars because it was just meh-ok.
The ambiance was beautiful. Love the pink lighting interior. Our food was ok and service could have been better.
We orderded mushroom dumplings (the best), edamame dumplings (not so good in my opinion. it's missing some crunch - maybe adding some waterchestnuts would be good), brussel sprouts, and korean fried chicken.
I was really disappointed with the Korean fried chicken. I expected chicken nuggets, instead I must have gotten half a chicken, which was difficult to eat. The chicken was a bit undercooked in the center as well. Unless you are prepared to get down and dirty, I would not order this dish.
Now for the service - while we had a nice server, I didn't feel she was attentive. She rarely checked in on us and we had to wait at least 30mins for her to pick up our tab. I think she knew we were growing impatient because she gave us complimentary mini ice cream cones afterwards. The mini ice creams were delicious but they melt fast in the philly heat!  
If you are in a rush, make sure you leave room (buffer time) for the long service.We recently surprised our parents with a special birthday dinner at Sampan and I'm not sure it could have been any better! As opposed to doing the tasting menu (which we have in the past) we opted to just order every dish we all thought looked good--and BOY were they!!!
Must haves include the edamame dumplings, the sauteed brussels sprouts and the kobe beef satay. Just typing those my mouth is watering!
Another fun aspect of our dinner was the celebrity sighting of Travis Masar from Top Chef Season 11. Or at least I'm pretty sure it was him. 
Anyway--dinner was awesome and impressive and I am already looking forward to going back again!Amazing happy hour!  Food is delicious; it's always busy but we sat at the bar and service was very quick.They have Happy Hour 7 days a week from
4-7!!!! Who can say No to that?! So we came here on a Sunday during Happy Hour. You can do Happy Hour at the bar or sit outside. It was a beautiful Sunday in September so we took it outside. It was a bit awkward cause we sat next to a couple of girls and it felt like we were on a double date with them cause the table was literally 1 inch away from each other. I can practically taste everything they ate and say. Awkward. After a drink and when the table near us left, it was much better. More space. I ordered the $4 specialty drink which was delicious and I also tried their Sage Blossom cocktail...YUM. We ordered small dishes to try. The food was alright. Nothing to brag about. But they had a dessert special which was the pumpkin and coconut mini ice cream. It was so cute and delicious!!!!! Pumpkin was my favorite! Our server was a cute brown hair girl, she was pretty sweet and friendly. She had a blonde hair girl shadow her around. Both helpful and nice. Definitely be back for Happy Hour again.Sampan was great, but definitely a pricey dinner. Luckily, our entire family went out to eat, and we got to try a little bit of everything. Some of the items were fantastic, and some were okay. The restaurant itself is very clean and the waitress was very kind, but it is dimly lit and very loud. This is not the place to go if you want to catch up with friends or family, and it is definitely meant for a younger crowd. There is not too much space to walk around and it is quite crowded and tables/chairs are close to one another. But back to the food, the Pork Bao Bun, Wagyu Beef, and the Chilean Sea Bass were phenomenal and highly recommended. The Korean Beef Barbecue and the Pork Potsticker were very good. The Vietnamese Chicken was good, but nothing special. The Crispy Brussel Sprouts were good and crispy, but way too oily. The Crispy Rock Shrimp was not flavorful and somewhat mushy, rather than crispy. The Kimchi fried rice was good, but I don't even know if there were any kimchi pieces in there--I need kimchi, especially as a Korean. I do not recommend the edamame dumpling--it was okay, but not what was expected and I would not order this again. Although some of the food could have been better, I still thoroughly enjoyed the pork bao bun, wagyu beef, and the chilean sea bass enough that it made up for the other food! This would be a great spot for a date night or with a small group of 4 friends. They also have limited outdoor seating.HH is off the charts. Don't sit at the bar, ask to sit in the back by the kitchen. It was awesome to watch them make the food inches from you.   Now down to business, the food was soo good!! We ordered the kimchee fried rice, the pork buns, the brussel sprouts, the tofu tacos, the crab Rangoon, the endamame dumplings, and three drinks..All for 50 dollars including tip. This is a must go!! I will definitely go back.In short ***FOOD BORNE ILLNESS*** PLEASE BEWARE!
In long, this dining experience was altogether regrettable. 
The service:
We had reservations for 8:30 pm for 4. The first 2 arrive at 8:20 to check in. Fair enough, can't be seated until the full party arrive. My girlfriend and I arrive at 8:35, and again check in to confirm the full party has arrived. They say we have the next table. Great! 15 minutes go by. I go check in again, a different hostess asks "so the full party is here." And I reply, yes we have been here. She says, great (clearly checking us all on for the FIRST TIME on the computer, even though the other hostess was supposed to have done that) next table." Another 25 minutes goes by, and finally the original hostess comes to us at the bar, apologizes for the wait, making no mention of the 45 minute mistake, and says we will give you a free app ($7 value). Great. 4 people's hour long wait clearly worth $7, right? Maybe recognition of the mistake would have been more valuable, I don't know?
The food ( + poisoning):
The app comes out, and we all take one of the four pieces of the edamame dumplings. Three of us are talking about how good they are--with my girlfriend who I haven't seen in 2 months and is just visiting for the weekend is noticeably quiet--so the other couple order another helping. We all take one again. My girlfriend asks if this was also the edamame dumplings. And I assure her they were. But she says they tasted so different. But I assured her that mine tasted the exact same. By the end of the dinner, she had felt so nauseous we had to cut the night short leaving the restaurant immediately for the refuge of my house. She then stayed up the entire night turning about in pain and .... Long story short, it was a terrible experience which I never wish to relive or wish upon my worst enemy. So please, BEWARE!!!!!I'm only giving this place three stars because the service was sub par. We made a reservation and were seated 5 minutes after arrival. We waited a while for the waitress to come over and she appeared to be unorganized.
We got our food and it was absolutely amazing!! No complaints there at all. Not the best service or service recovery, but great food.I love Sampan and I have taken several friends here. I think the food is yummy and the servers have usually been great. If you are going during happy hour, be prepared for a crowd. My only negative experience was putting my name on their reserved seating list during happy hour. My party and I waited over an hour even though they told us it would be 30 minutes. That was kind of a bummer but we were able to squeeze into the bar area and still enjoy ourselves.I truly enjoyed our recent experience at Sampan for Center City Sips. They offered a lot on their menu, both food and beverage. The apps were simply scrumptious! We had the mushroom dumplings, the pork bao bun, roasted broccoli and Korean beef satay. It was difficult to choose a favorite! The drinks on special were delicious as well. I'm looking forward to coming back again very soon! And you certainly can't beat the deal during Sips.We made a 9:30 reservation. When we checked in, we said we'd wait at to bar and get a drink since the table wasn't ready. By 10:15, we asked the status of our table. "We moved you to the bar in out system". How about you consult us?!?! We wanted a table and waited for one, not to sit at the bar. Sincd they didn't have one, We ordered drinks and patiently waited. What a waste. Pretentious staff. The bartender suggested we go to dinner across the street. Ultimately her recommendation was spot on. Only positive was a lively scene.Went here during restaurant week for their tasting menu and was thoroughly impressed. The selection was excellent, food tasted fresh. Atmosphere was very happening. Great first date spot if you want to avoid any awkward silence!I went to this place for a dinner birthday party.  It's tapas Asian cuisine and was just mediocre to me.  I don't feel that they put much of a creative twist to the plates.  They take the really popular Asian dishes and "try" to make it their own.  However, the dishes came out just average.  The price tag, on the other hand, is not.  Maybe it made me feel that way because of the quality of these dishes (which I can get much better for much cheaper).  But if you want a fancy cool place to dress up and hang out, this is not a bad spot.  Also, it seems that it's much better for HH?Came down to Philly for a concert and researched restaurants close to the Kimmel Center and found a handful that we've since bookmarked.  Of the 5 or 6, Sampan had a reservation time that worked best for us.  Ended up being a very good decision.  Fantastic dining experience.
We were seated right away, Frank our servicer greeted us and walked through the 1st timer overview and helped up to explore and experience a great night that I am writing about.
We opted for a variety of app plate tastings for our first time.... starting with the General Tso soup dumplings (a serving of 4 (2 per person).  We love soup dumplings, these were fantastic.  What a great flavor, had some kick that we love.  Not high spice or taste bud numbing kick, just nice flavorful pizzazz--- like a little flavor dance on the tongue.
Next, we had the Waygu beef satay, 1 per each.  Tender and cooked medium rare just the way we love any beef cooked. 
Next, we shared the Vietnamese street chicken, this is a must-have. 
We tried the pork potsticker, was okay. Came out with bottoms burnt, should have sent it back.  Wouldn't get again.
The crab taco, 3 small crunch tacos, was bursting with a nice flavor.  No skimp on crab either.
We finished with the shrimp pad thai, WOW, that was some kick butt, dance on my tongue pad thai like no other we've ever had.
Prices were fair for the edibles, however when we priced out wine by the bottle that reminded us why we frequent BYOB restaurants.  Instead of $52 for a bottle of the Urban Riesling, we opt for 2 glasses at $11 each plus 1 more that we shared.   I know, it's splitting hairs but $52 for a bottle that retails for no more than $20... there are limits.
Definitely will be back.Best happy hour around (with douchiest crowd.)  Amazing after-work deals, value, food and drink specials-all $4! Edamame dumplings are excellent, even though concept may have been stolen from Buddakan, they're tender, juicy, and a touch of truffle makes them decadent. The enormous bowl of fried rice-with fried egg-will fill you up. Brussels sprouts are not healthy in the least but they're super flavorful and taste better that way. Only downside is the throngs of people who also love happy hour here. Tip: try for seats at the kitchen bar where you can watch the chefs and avoid crowds. Back bar is also a bit better than front.