This is one of my favorite places to go for drinks and dinner in the city. Margaritas are a must here and they've always got new flavors. Fish tacos, mole meatball steamed buns, and scrapple guac are my favorite!Stop searching, you have found your new favorite place. Moderately priced, delicious food, great portions- even better drinks- don't walk, run to Sancho Pistolas. I felt the food was more surf inspired mex- but I'm not complaining...in fact what I am doing is drooling thinking about my dinner from last night. Get there quick while you can still enjoy the outdoor seating but if not- not worries the inside is cozy with the bar as the focal point. Seriously considered not writing a review to keep this my own little place, but realized I only found it because of Yelp... Pro tip- the entrance is on the side not off the main drag :-) and when you're done head to garage if you're 25-30 or Johnny Brenda's if you wish you were. Buen provencho!Came here with my fiancé and his college buddy.  None of us were familiar with the area and this place had a lot of people but wasn't completely packed.  We got a table in one of the corners.  They have a large beer list and the service was pretty good.Went last minute on a Friday night to meet friends. A nice laid back local spot to drink on a Friday night. They have interesting specialty cocktails. Although I can't drink one of these to myself I did try a sip and enjoyed the unique spiciness. I'm not a fan of mexican food so I've never eaten here but I have heard good things from friends.Came here before a show nearby at Punchline Philly. 
They have some fantastic beers on tap and a handful of outstanding cocktails. Now, I'm not usually a cocktail guy but I trusted Bartender Billy, so I ordered the BurroGordo (fat donkey for you gringos). It was really good and refreshing. 
I ordered the steamed bun with pork and it rivals the chicken biscuit at Percy St, for the best food I've ever eaten at a bar. 
I had to have a taco as well, so I went with the Korean rib one. Damn it was good. I'm pretty sure I was given extra napkins to catch my tears, because I guarantee you no food particles were wasted. 
Overall a great place that rivals any of the amazing food spots in the area. NoLibs/Fishtown has my heart and (most importantly, my stomach.KOREAN RIB TACOS HERE ARE BOMB. gotta get them. rosemary blood orange margarita... so refreshing almost like drinking orange juice but BETTER. i'll definitely be back here to get some more tacos but reasonably priced and customer service was great. mind you though... there were only like 5 other patrons besides me so hopefully it's the same with more people in the restaurant.Jose's sister place in north philly. Very different vibe then center city but still cool. The bar here takes over the whole space, grab a seat at it and order up some of the best tacos in town.Decided to get dinner here Saturday night. At first we were a bit worried cause we walked in around 8:30 and it seemed really crowded, but we waited around and were able to steal some seats at the bar pretty quickly. 
Glad we sat at the bar because Billy, our bartender, was everything you could want in a bartender/server. He was friendly, offered us a taste of some special spicy tequila, and his recommendations for food were completely on par. Also, his margaritas were awesome. I always know I am gonna like a place where they squeeze fresh lime for the marg right in front of you.
Per Billy's recommendation, we ordered the Oyster Po' Boy tacos and the Carnita Steamed Buns. Both were amazing. I didn't know exactly what a steamed bun was and now I know it is a tasty treat. I don't usually like oysters and the fried oysters in the tacos were really good.  Since the food was so good we also ordered the spicy tuna guacamole. The bf loved it, the tuna was a little too spicy for me but still tasty. All of the food came out really fast even though it was relatively crowded. It was a little pricey, but worth it.
I also enjoyed the atmosphere here. They were playing really fun music and there are multiple TVs, which is a bit rare for the neighborhood. We definitely decided that Sancho Pistola's is going to be a new go-to spot for us.Very disappointing food- full of oil, low on flavor, small on quantity. There were nice bartenders! But overall this was a miserable value and we regretted the choice made on a whim. Typical bar atmosphere, so it isn't held against them that there was no room for moving our elbows to eat and people reached past our faces as we tried to enjoy the meal- mostly, two stars just reflects the quality of their "tacos". Other plates looked better, perhaps.This place is straight up awesome!!! Probably my favorite place to go in Fishtown. It's a great chill spot to hang out & a great spot to go to and watch a big game. The good is great, my personal favs being the nacho's, the tortilla soup, and the pork belly taco's. When they have specialty Margarita's flowing, the spicy mango margarita is to die for. All the bartender's and workers are suuuuper friendly and accommodating. One small caveat is the parking, it's obsolete on a busy night or weekend. If you can take the El in, I would recommend doing so, because the lots that are around this place are very quick to tow.Delicious food came here before a concert at the Fillmore, had the spicy tuna guacamole it was delicious! Margaritas and tap beer selection was great, will definitely be back next time I'm in the area!Been here twice so far and both times were very enjoyable. Wings are really good, and pretty standard burger too. There drink menu is awesome! The smoked piña is an amazing drink! Way different then anything I've ever tried. Happy hour is pretty sweet too, $15 margarita pitchers. Score!This review comes solely based on their brunch.  However, I'm sure I'll have more to add in due time in regards to the dinner and nightlife atmosphere. 
Sancho's is smaller in size than I expected but I enjoyed that in order to create a more intimate environment.  I also enjoyed the view of vibrancy out the windows on Girard and watching the trolley pass by every so often... 
Now for their brunch special... You can order whatever you like, obviously, but they offer a $30 special which includes an appetizer, main dish, and side dish. Oh, and don't forget this; unlimited drinks. Those drinks include a Bloody Mary, margarita, or mimosa. I had a bowl of fruit, the huevos rancheros, and a side of beans and rice- all great. Service was exceptional and friendly.  It's very reasonable to assume you will consume at least double the dollar amount of the special. Great addition to the neighborhood.Decent draft & bottle list and interesting drink selection.
We came by on a Saturday afternoon. Not a super busy time and they seemed over-staffed for the number of customers, which made it surprising when it was hard to get the bartender's attention to take our order.
They forgot to put in part of our order and getting their attention a second time was even harder! When the strawberry guacamole finally did arrive I wasn't impressed. Food was decent (but really not that exciting) and over-priced for what it was.The guacamole, which comes in a number of varieties, was really good. We ordered the pistachio which had great flavor. The salmon tacos were very good although I didn't really get the salmon flavor. The beer selection was good although I didn't get my first two selections which were tapped out. Despite these flaws the service was really good. The guacamole and the server pushed my review to 4 stars, but it was closer to 3 1/2.I give it three stars because it's exactly that: A-OK.  If you are looking for a trendy popular joint to stop into, this is it but thats about it in my opinion.  My boyfriend and I went here for brunch on a slow saturday morning and it was less than impressive.  The inside shocked me due to its starkness- nothing to look at to keep you entertained, definitely minimalist which is unusual for a mexican restaurant.  I lived in Mexico for a semester and Mexicans arent usually one for minimalist design.  We decided to sit outside on Girard which was a huge mistake.  The next table over had their dog which is great and we LOVE dogs but the dog hair ended up in pretty much EVERYTHING i ordered- which honestly isnt even THAT big of a deal because we have animals and know the routine.  What bothered me more was the dust and dirt coming from the construction across the street and the loudness coming from Girard Ave traffic (honestly, not the best place to have outdoor seating, I dont even know how they swung that permit).  
I ordered the eggs benedict (how could you go wrong, right?) and my boyfriend ordered the pastrami and egg sandwich (how is that even hispanic?).  I ordered a mimosa which was 'meh'.  The eggs benedict were DRENCHED in this mayo-like sauce where you could barely make out what was underneath them.  They came atop an arepa type patty that had ground beef and black beans- thats fine, i understand that's hispanic right there but it did not taste well together.  What it did to my stomach later is a COMPLETELY different story.
My boyfriend is a guy who enjoys anything you put in front of him and he didnt even end up finishing his sandwich.  There was nothing particularly wrong with our meals but at the same time- nothing to write home about.  The waitress was ok but we did have to wait a bit for our check which I dont like too much especially since we were being covered in dirt and dust and dog hair.  
All in all- in my opinion I think this establishment is HIGHLY overrated but I need to maybe go back for their dinner (like tacos, etc) but it doesnt seem like a legitimate hispanic restaurant in my eyes.  They could have done better all around.Ugh, I just love this place. Tortilla soup. Amazing. Always an awesome beer list. Ask the bartenders to shoot you a riddle - they always have a good one waiting.Pork belly tacos were delish. Absolutely some of the best tacos ever. Guac was also good. The service is top-notch. We had to sit at the bar because it was PACKED and the bartender was so attentive and made me EXACTLY the drink I wanted. It is a little bit pricey on the drinks but for a nice impromptu night out wasn't bad.Yes. 
Went here after a torturous journey home from New York, was looking for a nice place to blow off some steam and have always wanted to check out SP. They surely delivered! As soon as I walked in, I was greeted with a menu and glass of water. I liked the no-bullshit attitude of the bartenders. What I mean by that is, they got straight to the point and I didn't have to stare at them wistfully, waiting to catch a glance so I could order. I got the pork bun sandwiches with guac, they were really good and LOADED. Great beer selection too, and reasonable prices. It seems like the staff likes working here which is something I look for, I think a healthy working environment really effects the quality of an establishment. Anyway, will go back here and try more food!!I want to like this place more than I do. The atmosphere is really cozy and nice, and the staff are all superb and kind and attentive.
Unfortunately I found most of the food mediocre and overpriced.
For my visit I had:
The Chicken Tinga Taco - the flavor of these was a bit underwhelming, and the corn tortillas fell apart completely. Also very very small serving for $9.00
The friend plantains - the chipotle honey on these was OVERPOWERINGLY strong. Next time I will ask for only the crema fresca, because the dish itself was prepared expertly.
The churros - A bit overfried, but they tasted great; a few dollars overpriced though at $7.
My friend had "Lidia's Black Bean Soup" and found it to be light on dumplings for an $8 dish. $3 for corn on the cob is also a bit over the top.
All in all I'm not going to go out of my way to come back here, but I would give it another chance if in the area.I could eat here every day for the rest of my life and never get tired of it. Spicy Mango...omg. I never drink margaritas because they're usually too sweet and artificially flavored, and it's rare to find a good spicy margarita that doesn't taste last night's salsa that didn't sit well and made a reappearance (TMI?). But the spicy mango is so perfect...lightly sweetened, spiced rimmed glass...perfect amount of spice. So refreshing! The Carnitas steamed buns are to die for, melt in your mouth. And can never go wrong with chips and guac. The oysters are also delish and I'm already looking forward to continuing my Woman vs Food to see how many tacos I can eat at once. And a plus, servers and bartenders are friendly. Big fan!Very surprised that I had the best fish tacos of my life in Philly.  Great selection of beers, great employees and an amazing tuna-guac.
I went at lunch time and it was pretty empty, but I heard this place is packed come dinner and the weekends. 
Seriously thinking about making the 100 mile trek to eat here one of these weekends.Love this place! Craving Margaritas, spicy tuna guacamole, chips/salsa, variety of tacos and one of the most amazing burger then come here! It's in such a great location, near the Girard station and all the restaurants/bar in happening corner of Frankford/Girard. The food is absolutely delicious and my two all time favorite item is the spicy tuna guacamole and the burger.The nachos here tie El Vez for best nachos in the city. But for me they come out on top because I don't have to book weeks in advance. Staff is great, lots of choices for food. Also the pistachio guac is next level, get it.Amazing brussel sprout tacos. Decent and spicy tortilla soup. Can't wait to go back.The absolute worst service I have ever had
Ordered an appetizer and got before the drinks even came out then the drinks weren't even correct in fact nothing was correct. When the food started coming out we only got one entree and the other never came. Waitress was unapologetic and screamed fuck when she realized she messed up again
Would recommend never coming here, who ever owns this place should be embarrassedWorst tacos ive ever had. Service was terrible. The servers never even came over to offer us a second drink. What a waste of money. Hire some bartenders who actually pay attention to thier barEvery time I eat here I leave wondering when the heck this place is going to get it together. The service isn't just poor, it's consistently inept. The waiters/bartenders seem genuinely taken aback when I've asked for things they should have offered to begin with (think hot sauce. Think refill. Think utensils.) I was once left stranded outside by waitstaff for so long that members of my party began crafting a scathing yelp review right then and there. I decided to actually post a review after a recent visit when I was one of six other people at the bar and still had to make an effort to get one of the two bartenders to refill my drink. 
Food is decent and prices are OK, but I'd go a lot more often if the service was better, the music wasn't so loudly intrusive and the TVs weren't so in your face.Again another place that is close to where I live and it has taken me forever just to come in here for a drink. Finally I convinced myself the other night that I needed to stop in at least for some drinks and apps. So came in ordered the spicy tuna guacamole, the ceviche mixto, the wings, the fries, and the corn. Pretty much everything rocked, like hard. The spicy tuna guacamole is absolutely my favorite, just awesome, and their tortilla chips are legit. Next time I am definitely getting the fish tacos among other things because I saw the guy next to me eating them and they looked amazing. Love this place, hope they keep putting out awesome food.delicious tacos and cocktails. Some of the best guacamole i've had.This review is for brunch only.
The allure of a $30 brunch special which includes an app, an entree, a side and bottomless bloodies, margaritas, or mimosas certainly sounds like a winner.  It definitely caught our eye and got us in the door.  In the end, we didn't opt for the pre-fixe and went a la carte which meant we had to guess at the pricing of the meal items because they are not listed on the menu.  Make sure you specify you are NOT getting the pre-fixe or it might be assumed (as happened to our friends dining with us).
I opted for the Eggs Benedicto while my husband got the steak and eggs.  I did also get a bloody Mary which was pretty tasty even if they called it a "boring Mary" because I got it with vodka instead of mezcal.  They have an additional flavor (I'm thinking steak sauce instead of the just plain Worcestershire) that really gave it a unique taste.
While I did enjoy the latin take on Eggs Benedict (chorizo, black beans and chipotle hollandaise as opposed to the traditional), for the most part my food was just bland, despite all those powerful flavors.  More seasoning might have helped.  My husband loved the potatoes that accompanied his meal but did not enjoy his steak.
This was really just ok. Perhaps we will try for dinner at some point but I think brunch is not their strong suit.My daughter and I went to Sancho for lunch,  it was around 1:20 when we arrived,  not many patrons,  we figured it would be ez in ez out, the server came out, napkins and utensils in glasses, set the glasses on the table, never set the table.
But,  its ok, no big deal, I'm very easygoing. I ordered some tacos my daughter ordered a hamburger well done.  My food came out timely,  but my daughter's hamburger took an extra 45 min to come out. The server passed us at least three times and apologized,  claiming the delay was due to the fact that my daughter wanted her burger well done. Long story short,  food was by the time my daughter's hamburger came.  To top it off the tacos werent even good, they were barely edible.
Terrible service overpriced burger and the tacos were not good eating.
Terribly disappointed,  never again.
Top that with the nonchalant attitude of the servers,  I can spend my money in so many better places, never again for me.I seated myself at the bar sometime after 5pm.   Just a few other patrons in the place, and certainly not busy.   It took at least 5 mins for the bartender to notice me and give me a glass of water.  Sadly, it took even longer to complete my order.  
I had "The Cartel" drink that was on the board.   It was not what I expected, but certainly wasn't bad and decently strong.   The pork belly tacos were delicious but there was a bit more grease dripping off of them than I would have wanted.  The spicy tuna guac was really good, no complaints there.  
I'll be back for sure but my experience was not the best.This is a must have every time I go to Philly. Food is fresh and bright...awesome menu! And besides everything GREAT SERVICE which is so hard to find...their CEVICHE mixto is one of the best I have ever tried, delicious fish combination (salmon, tuna, tilapia) it's juicy and buttery and sweet and sour...everything you want to taste in a ceviche UMAME!I enjoy coming to this place! I usually have the freedom tacos and the Griego! They r both really tasty and good. It's a really small place but it's always lots of fun and good vibes. Def recommend for some good food and drinks!I can cook a lot of veg/vegan food but I can't come close to duplicating the soyrizo kimchi tacos I had here. Granted the margarita was only ok but their beer list is pretty damn nice. If you live in NoLibs (or even if you don't) this is a shining beacon for veg/vegans.As a huge fan of Jose's, I was very excited about a second location in Fishtown. I was surprised about the small space, but haven't had a problem getting a table yet the few times I've been here. Not surprisingly, the food is just as good, if not better than Jose's. But the brunch is what really makes the trip worthwhile, and it seems to fly completely under the radar. For $30 you get an app, entree, side, and ALL YOU CAN DRINK margs, mimosas, & bloody mary's for 2 hours. I've always loved their witty/sarcastic humor, and the menu adds a disclaimer for the drinking time limit- "If you need to drink more than that, you have problems". Both the food and drinks were fantastic. When we were there last there were only a few tables occupied, so it was pretty relaxed and we never felt rushed to get up, unlike a lot of other brunch spots. Definitely recommend it!The food and atmosphere was absolutely amazing! We had the lobster tacos, sautéed spinach and the fried plantains. Everything was seasoned wonderfully. We also had the mango and guava margaritas that were complimentary to the already wonderful experience. Absolutely love this restaurant.This place is perfect for a night out with friends or a date. Amazing food: upscale, highest quality ingredients with some unusual and delicious twists. I had the lamb taco, for example, and can't wait to have it again. Next time, I would make sure to order side dishes because I didn't realize that the tacos don't come with any rice or beans. The nachos and margaritas were top-notch as well. The prices are not cheap,but not super-expensive, and the food is sure worth it.I visited with two friends recently and sat outside among a few other diners/drinkers. The inside of the sports bar looking restaurant was occupied but not full in the least - it was just a nice night outside. 
The taste of the food was okay but nothing spectacular and I've had tacos all over from PA to LA. That said, they give you just 2 tacos instead of the typical 3 taco plate and they are a bit overpriced at about $12. Really, $12 for 2 tacos? Anyway, despite the price I wouldn't return because the service was absolutely terrible. I'm really not picky when it comes to service but when I'm flat out ignored as a paying customer I feel like it needs to be said. 
There were 4 tables outside being attended to by one female server who strangely ignored our table the entire time. Our male server who was the only one attending to us or anyone outside was nowhere to be found throughout the duration of our stay at the establishment...except to deliver our first round of drinks and meal after we ordered. He did not circle back around to see if things were okay or if we wanted additional drinks. When an additional friend arrived to our party get a drink she waited a while for the server to be polite and finally in frustration went inside to the bar to get it herself and bring it outside to our table. 
We even were talking about these factors audibly within earshot of the female server while she was attending to a table next door to us and she did nothing. We had to eventually physically go inside and ask for our bill so that we could leave. Had they been more attentive we totally would have gotten a few rounds of drinks. Their loss. When there are so many other great places in the city of Philadelphia to get Mexican food I wouldn't waste your time here. You'll get more tacos for your buck and not walk away feeling hungry, sober, and ignored.I've heard good things about brunch here, but ended up stopping by for an early, quick dinner on a Saturday.  Unfortunately, it was during Oktoberfest on Frankford Ave, so the streets were a little noisy and hectic while we dined outside.  Surprisingly, there were plenty of seats available during the dinner rush.
Apparently, based on the other reviews, I made a huge mistake by not ordering their guacamole appetizer - damn!  I was really here for a quick in-and-out bite so maybe next time I'll explore the menu a little more.
I'll give them the benefit of the doubt with a 4 star rating.  The chicken fajitas special of the day was VERY tasty.  The chicken was seasoned well, juicy, grilled to perfection and topped with melty cheese and placed over a bed of perfectly grilled/charred bell peppers and onions and served with homemade salsa, guacamole, sour cream, shredded cheese and fresh, warm, grilled flour tortillas on the side.  No leftovers, but no uncomfortable full feeling either - just the right portion.  As spot-on as it comes.
The pitcher of classic margarita was a-okay (i.e. tasted so good it masked the taste of the alcohol and I got buzzed pretty fast).  I would like to try the interesting flavors they have next time.
Sounds great, right?  Well, the problem here is the prices.  $5 upcharge for meat on the nachos?  Extra $$$ for flavors in the margarita?  $17 for the special tacos of the day?  I would have liked to try the tacos on the regular menu but all were pretty much in the $15 range and I know I could get authentic, filling and cheap ones at corner taquerias.  
I'm usually not spend-thrifty when it comes to dining out, but a quick glance at their menu just seemed like we were being a little bit ripped off.  So, we ordered the chicken fajita special for $15 because it sounded like the most bang for your buck (which it was).  PRO TIP: the margarita pitcher is way more cost-effective than individual glasses.
Either way, those fajitas were just too damn tasty to give it a 3 and I will definitely return here if I'm in the area to try that allegedly amazing guacamole.A+ service and the food was delicious! We are from NY and I heard about this Resturant from Aaron Sanchez on Food Network and I knew I had to try it! I liked the Spicy Pork tacos better then the Korean rib taco (pic) and traditional Guacamole was amazing! You have to check it out! My daughter loves the carnitas buns and my husband loves his NJ Huevos!We tried several different tacos as well as the pistachio guacamole and oysters. The food was all great and so was the atmosphere. Good service as well! Definitely recommendI had heard great things about this place and I have to say it did not live up to the hype. First off, we were seated right by the door and since it was about 20 degrees outside and everyone waits right at the door because the place is so tiny, I was freezing. The tortilla chips & guac were definitely the best part of our meal. The guac was really good and the tortilla chips were house made and delicious. However, that's all I would return for. I got the chicken tacos and they really just did not have a nice flavor to them. I ate about half of one (they only give you two - so for the price it really wasn't worth it). Bf got the steak nachos and thought the steak tasted waaaaay too charred. So, overall, I'd come back for the chips & guac to watch a game and have a beer, but that's pretty much it.Love their tacos and their margaritas especially at happy hour. If your looking for classic tacos though this is not the place. The tacos are outstanding and everytime I go I struggle with picking which ones go get.Trendy is as trendy does. Completely enjoyed our food (guacamole and chips- Mexican crispy style, tacos and enchiladas) and on that alone I would give it a solid 4 stars. However, a few things brought this rating down for me.
1. Pricey. I know, it's the town of fish but 85 bucks for 3 drinks and 3 plates? 
2. The margarita was super clutch, the other drinks not so much. One tasted like straight up gasoline. 
Bottom line for me, 5 years ago this would have been a nice spot to pregame and eat before hitting up the town. Now, the appeal just isn't there.Blown away by this place!  The carnitas steam buns is amongst the best food I've ever eaten! I had the pickled watermelon and blood orange margaritas. Both were fantastic and a real bargain at $7 apiece.
We also had the falafel tacos and the spicy pork tacos. Yummy.
The ceviche was really good too. The service was top-notch, the atmosphere has an endearing quirkiness about it. I highly and strongly recommend this place for Mexican.The food was awesome! Service was pretty good, until the room became packed. The noise level went up tremendously! So loud.
Go early. Enjoy the great food!
Ate: 1) pistachio guacamole, 2) Korean tacos, 3) flan/churros 
1) The dip itself was amazing with the homemade tortilla chips. There were whole pistachios for texture rather stale. It took away from the dish.
2) Two tacos just by themselves. It wasn't too sweet from the pineapple and wasn't too spicy. Good combination, just be careful the juice and oil will be coming out when you bite.
3) Just skip the churros and go for the flan: 
Let me start off by saying, I don't like flan. However, this flan was amazing. It wasn't overly sweet as flan can be. The texture was on point (smooth & creamy) with a nice caramel on top. As for the churros, I wasn't a fan. It was really hard with an oily taste. Cinnamon sugar on top was fine. The chocolate dipping sauce had an unburnt off alcohol taste for me.Nice space and beer selection. Crappy happy hour comparing to most places in the area. Asked for Sangria and got so much ice was probably only 3oz of liquid in the glass.Fav place to eat in Philly. They don't take reservations but I've come in with groups of 8-10 and they'll still seat you p fast. There's a bar so you can always hang there and grab drinks as you wait. They have a vegan option (soy chorizo) and it's bomb. Spicy mango marg is 10/10. Love it.I've been dreaming of eating the spicy tuna guacamole again...it was just incredible. Perfectly cut into small cubes.. it was heaven in an oval shaped dish. 
I was excited about the menu..(such as the Korean tacos, Carnitas steamed buns, fried plaintains..) The second dish I tried was the Brussels sprout leaf tacos. The leaves were crisp, and there was a big heaping pile of them. I love how creative this restaurant got with this dish, simple ingredients, but executed so well.Great after show tacos and guac!!! Service was top notch the spicy tuna guacamole was otherworldly sweet duck tacos crazy good- they have a full bar!! Tacos were the best I've had - drink and sample!!!!!!!I've only eaten here once, but the service was fantastic and the happy hour pricing was perfect.
Their tortilla chips are super crispy and fresh and their house hot sauce is flavorful. Will be back.Great new spot. It's small, but they make great use of the space. When you are at the bar you do not feel like you are involved in the conversations at the tables. When you are at a table you aren't rubbing elbows with your neighbor tables and don't feel like you are sitting at the bar. The steak nachos are actually steak. Great beer selection, daily specials, and service. My new favorite spot.I really like this spot a lot. Came here twice on dates. Once on a Friday night in the winter and another time on a Tuesday night in the summer so we opted for outdoor seating. I remember it being crowded and pretty loud on the Friday night, weeknights are more chill. Service is good but both times they took forever to bring the bill at the end.
Most importantly though, the menu here is incredible. So many choices, not enough room in my stomach. The margaritas are on point too. Spicy mango for the win. My friend got a pickled watermelon margarita.. not sure what that is but creative. I got some calamari/chorizo tacos this past time and it was out of this world. Don't come here for traditional Mexican dishes.. come here to get something with a twist. Will definitely be coming back more and trying more menu items.Went in expecting traditional Mexican fare and was pleasantly surprised by the variety of the tacos. My boyfriend and I split some pretty standard nachos that were large and flavorful, then I did an order of the El Griego tacos (braised lamb shoulder, cucumber yogurt, cilantro, pickled red onion) and he did the Korean Rib tacos (Asian pear pico de gallo, avocado, cilantro). The tacos are two to an order and pretty small, but packed with flavor. The lamb was really tender, and I loved the Mediterranean spin. 
Cons: my margarita was pretty bad--super sweet, clearly made with pre-made mix, and seriously lacking on the tequila. I likely wouldn't order again, even when discounted for HH. They also don't do complimentary chips & salsa.
Overall, I'll definitely look to return here during happy hour to sample more of the tacos in a more cost-effective way.We went to Sancho's because the place we wanted to go had a 20 minute wait, and we were going to a concert at the Fillmore and were time conscious.  We asked somebody for a recommendation for a place to eat, and he suggested Sancho Pistola's.  What a fantastic recommendation!  First, you have to understand that my husband is from Texas, and he said this was the best Mexican food he's ever had outside of TX.  Second, the prices were very reasonable: 2 draft beers (we both had an awesome Nitro), an appetizer, and 2 entrees for under $50 (that included tax but not tip).  We shared the appetizer of pico de gallo.  It had just the right amount of spiciness, and it was a generous serving.  My husband had chicken enchiladas (3 on the plate), and, to repeat myself, he said they were the best enchiladas outside of Texas.  I had the mahi mahi tacos (2), which were good but not great.  The fish was cooked perfectly, but the red slaw that was described as pickled either wasn't pickled or there wasn't enough of it.  Neither entree comes with sides, but they were not needed.  
The service started a bit slow, but it picked up.  In addition, the staff shared responsibilities, meaning if anybody saw an empty water glass or an empty plate, he/she took care of it.  Will we return? You bet!
The only negative is that  place is very loud. There were lots of TVs (without sound) around the place, and since it was a Saturday college football was abundant.  Trying to have a normal conversation was next to impossible.  Also, the tables are very close to one another, so the tables next to use kept bumping our chairs.  The food was great enough for us to overlook the noise and the space issues, so when we return to our next concert at the Fillmore we will definitely dine at Sancho's.I've been wanting to try to boozy brunch that Sancho offers but I've been overwhelmed with commitments (showers, weddings, graduations, etc.) and haven't been able to make it there yet.  After one such event on a Sunday I was planning to hang with the boo and grab something to eat.  We took a walk, heading nowhere in particular, and ended up here.  Our love for Mexican was our guide.  It was like a magnetic force that just brought us to Pistola's.  Anyway, we got the chips and salsa and the chips were hearty and fried and filling and delicious.  And then we each ordered a taco entrée.  We did the swapski and I swapped one of my tacos for one of his.  We love this.  So we did the Korean Rib and the Scallop.  OMG the scallop taco was to die for.  But here's the thing, each order came with two tacos and they weren't cheap, the breakdown was something like $7 a taco ($14 for the two - don't quote me on that but somewhere in the ballpark) and really it came with nothing but two tacos.  The quality of the food and the flavors really managed to satisfy us (and that's not easy, we are taco snobs) so I guess you really are being charged for quality and not quantity, I'm ok with this.  
Margaritas.  Love them!  Tried the spicy mango and loved it so much I recreated it the following weekend.  It has a kick and some sweet and it was like $6.  It was a win in my book!
Overall rating:  Food was fabulous (a little pricey) Margs were delicious (averagely priced) atmosphere was relaxed (Phillies game was on) and we left satisfied.  Our bill was something like $75 with tip.  
Oh and our server was awesome -- honest, helpful, attentive, knowledgeable suggestive.  Loved him.I had been eagerly awaiting to try Sancho Pistola's every since it opened. The reviews from friends and media all seemed rather promising. Yet upon leaving last night with my girlfriend and a few friends after my first meal there, I was disappointed. 
It's not that the food or service was bad. In fact, every dish that I tried had good flavor to it and our waitress was nice and polite. The pricing for everything was just a bit high for the food and experience. While I did enjoy the food, I would equate it to Cantina or Loco Pez and would expect the prices to be similar. They also have a great selection of beers, both bottled and on tap, and the cocktails showcased mezcal in a number of different ways. 
I'm not going to completely write off Sancho Pistola's at this point, but it's not going to be my first choice when it comes to Mexican food in Northern Liberties/Fishtown. 
Sorry Sancho's, I really want to like you but things just didn't seem right.I have traveled all over the world and have tasted many different types of tacos, from roadside carts in Tijuana, beach vendors in Juatulco and true San Diego style fish tacos in Mission Beach. I've got to say that Sancho Pistolas really have tacos nailed down. They aren't cheap but tacos are like anything else, you get what you pay for. With a great beer selection and super friendly staff, I think SP is a great addition to Fishtown. I was sceptic all at first especially with the proliferation of Mexican spots in the area, but now I am a regular here. Great job guys!I have not tried the food at Sancho's; however, the drinks are strong and pretty decent! Our waiter was really knowledgeable of the different tequilas and mezcals..had a really good time just hanging out and trying out the different shots of alcohol..can't say i remember much about the details after all those shots.What a great place with great boozy brunch and awesome service. 
I got their brunch special - $30 for appt/entree/side with 2 hours of unlimited mimosa/margarita/bloody Mary. their bloody mary mix is delicious and their margarita's are good too. Now, the food - I ordered the tortilla soup which was done very well, huevos rancheros with vegan sausage, which was really good, and the fried plantain. I could not stop eating these plantains.. 
My husband ordered from their regular menu - the fish taco which were really really tasty and their beer draft was great too.
I like it a lot there. I will visit again soon.Great food. Great drinks. Good times all the way around. The lobster tacos are my absolute favorite. Gavin makes me awesome concoctions every time I come in!5 Stars for the food.  Period.  The three stars comes from the poor service that we received both times we were here from the same server.  Server was inattentive, slow, and the first time we were there we waited an hour for the food and she forgot one of our items - then lied about how long it took to "prepare the food". Unfortunately upon our return we had the same server and the same type of service. We were shocked that such a great place with amazing food allows for such bad customer service.  This will weigh into our decision to eat here again.Wow to the spicy pork nachos!!!! I would have just ordered that for my meal and skipped the steak tacos. This place is really cute and small. It has outdoor seating, but on a main road. Inside the seating is very close together and it can get pretty loud. I recommend the place maybe for a lunch and definitely try those SPICY PORK NACHOS!!!!!!Previously gave this place 1 star before because the service was so bad but I gave it another try and been back plenty of times since then. Great spot and have only had great service since.Wow is all I can say! Super impressed with how good the food was here. This area has some good Mexican restaurants but Sancho Pistolas is not the typical Mexican. 
I happened to attend during an Eagles game and also happy hour(double whammy). One of the few places that honor happy hour on the weekends(except sat).
First i had the steamed buns on special. Got to try 3 of the 4(spicy pork, carnitas and cheeseburger) and they were all excellent. 
Ordered the nachos for half off happy hour. Very fresh and tasty. For my entree, I had ordered the pork belly tacos and wow was i impressed!! The flavor was amazing!! Also during football season they offer buffalo chicken tacos at 3.00 ea. I had one and it was delicious!
Couldn't be happier, especially living within a few blocks away, I can see myself coming here almost once a week. Also the wait staff(Gerald) was very attentive, pleasant, and all around a great guy!Mahi mahi and pork tacos were great. Margarita a little on the sour side for my taste (probably because it's fresh lime juice!). Great beer selection though.Awesome customer service, great location, amazing food/ drinks!!! Will def be going back again. 
We ordered the cecina tacos, and 2 orders of the pork belly tacos, with plantains on the side & can't forget the margaritas ( spicy mango, classic, & pomegranate). 
We sat at the bar and the bartenders were great and constantly checked to see if we needed anything. This place gets 5 stars for the food( that was well prepared), the drinks ( that were AMAZING), the customer service (which was an A+), and the ambience ( which was a cool, chill place, with decent people just looking to have a great time)First time here and we usually go to loco pez.  Server was a super nice guy, very helpful.  The ceviche and the tacos were great and so was the desert, got some freakin churros.  Cool little spot.  MY only complaint is..........the Frida.  Its a 9 dollar martini that tastes like a band aid.  Save the 9 bucks and get some tacos, they still rock.Huge portions! Good pricing and super flavorful Mexican food. I got 3 meals out of my Egg & chorizo Torta. The side salad was awesome too! We happened upon this place by accident when the spot we wanted to go to was closed, but we were glad we stumbled into this joint and I'll be back.So, if the primary item on your menu is going to be a taco, then you need to make an awesome tortilla and Sancho Pistola's just didn't deliver. There were 5 of us and not one taco lasted till the end. I took one bite and the whole thing fell apart it was that thin. I had to eat 90% of my taco with a fork and knife...booooo. 
In better news, I really loved their sancho pistola's margarita. Sweet but not too sweet. No sour mix= two thumbs up for me. The service was also pretty good and the atmosphere was hopping and fun. 
Would I come back? May be but there are so many other awesome taco places in the nolibs/fishtown area that's it's unlikely. I would come back for a margarita, though!Best tacos ever! I'd recommend Sancho's to anyone looking for great food and service, not to mention the excellent tunes.My favorite mexican spot in the city.  Try the Oyster Po Boy tacos.... Staff is always very nice. Even told us when they thought we may have ordered to much food for two people. Highly Suggest it!!After attempting and failing to get one-two of the forty dough balls at Pizzeria Beddia, my boyfriend and I stumbled into here. Now I was both hungry and kind of pissed we came from the heart of Center City and got no pizza. So maybe my appetite was oversized. And just maybe I was a little aggravated when I walked in. 
We got seated quickly by a hostess who had no clue what she was doing. Even after telling her there was two of us, she tried to seat us with a couple who walked in after us. The music is really loud for a restaurant and on top of the music is all the people screaming to successfully have a conversation. I did appreciate the various types of tacos that they serve and that they weren't just Mexican themed. Me being hungry, I ordered both the spicy pork and the pork belly bahn mi. 
The spicy pork taco was super flavorful, but the taco shell disintegrated as soon as I went to pick it up. There was so much liquid coming off of it that the taco shell had lost its structure. The bahn mi taco was disappointing. There wasn't much filling- a slab of pork belly (which was actually cooked great), some matchstick carrots and a few sliced of pickled cucumber. After going through two entrees I still wasn't really full. I ended up going home and eating. 
The food here tasted good. Yet it seemed to be more of a place to get a drink, take your time, order appetizers, than entrees. While the food did come out fast, and the service was fast, I would not recommend it for someone looking to eat something good quickly.Fantastic food and prompt, friendly service.  I had an amazing tuna cerviche in coconut milk and my friend and I each had the mahi mahi tacos.  Very, very tasty and simple.On a Friday evening in February this place was jumpin'.  My husband and I stopped through on our way to a concert at the Fillmore and we very lucky to get a table for 2 right away.  The tables were quite cramped and we wound up in a corner, unnoticed by our server for most of our meal, but we didn't mind.  We had time to kill and being in the corner kept it cozy for date night.  By the time we left, people could barely get in the door.  
I will be back, but will be careful what drinks I order.  First round, I got a mango jalapeno marg and my husband got the house marg.  Mine was way too sweet.  The kind of sweet which you can tell you're going to get a sugar hangover the next morning.  My husband's was on point, perfect lime, sugar, tequila ratio.  So we decided to order a pitcher of the house marg for the next round.  We could barely get one drink down.  It was extremely sour and we questioned whether we ordered a virgin pitcher.  By the time we found our server, we had to run to catch the opening act of the concert so we paid the bill and split.  
I do want to end the review on a good note because Sancho's did have great food.  We had the mahi tacos and guacamole party.  I still talk about the guacamole party.  The various types of guac were incredible and at first I did not think I would like them but every single one was incredible.  It came with 4 huge portions of guacamole (3 from their menu and 1 off of their specials, which was a nice touch).  The traditional guacamole was perfectly chunky, the spicy tuna guac (my favorite) had a kick but so much flavor, the pistachio guac added a crunch you didn't know you needed, and the special for the day was berry guac with balsamic glaze.  When I explain it to people they understandably wince, as did I when I heard it.  But we gobbled down the berry guac first, we couldn't get enough!  Perfect combo of salty and sweet. 
I'll definitely be back to Sancho's when I'm in the area and next time stick to their extensive beer list.  I'm excited to try some of their other tacos and of course I'll never go without ordering the guac party!Went for Brunch and was happy with the breakfast. Service was good although food came out slow due to Beer festival rush.Chicken tacos were flavorful. Sancho Juice hot sauce was tasty without being too hot. Guacamole was great. I will be telling lots of folks about this place. Go there.These stars are only for the server and the cocktails, which were both very good. 
Walk in. Who works there? Totally unclear. Is this a seat yourself joint? Totally unclear. Everyone standing by the door is totally confused about what to do with themselves. They clearly need a hostess. 
The food left a lot to be desired. Chips were salty. I had the beef tacos and the meat was really fatty. They brought our food out with horrid timing. Three of us had out food and one was left sitting for a solid 5 minutes without his plate. Server was very attentive to that, totally the kitchen's fault. 
Last straw was when one of our drinks came to us in a cracked glass. Again, server was very attentive to this, but she can't run the whole restaurant herself. Never going back there, I don't know what all the buzz is about with this place.Stopped here on Saturday while I was on a bike ride called the tour de taco. 20 miles, 10 taco stops. This was stop 9. I took the strategy of one at each stop which was pretty ambitious. Here I wound up ordering the chicken tinga taco. It was the first place of the day that had a full bar, so without hesitation, I ordered a margarita. A large reason for this was I was 8 tacos deep and I had zero room in my stomach for a beer. Thank god I got a margarita because I had one of those experiences you look back on and say damn, that changed my whole outlook on things. The pickled watermelon margarita on the rocks. Holy crap! I need this in my life every day for the rest of my life. I had every intention of only having one, but after tasting it, and immediately sucking down the whole thing in mere seconds, I had to have another one. It may have been the best drink I have ever had, and it changed my perspective of rocks vs. frozen margaritas. All rocks, all day, forever going forward. No more frozen.
To pair with my margarita, I had ordered the chicken tinga taco. Chicken tinga is a shredded chicken in a tomato and chili and chipotle sauce. Its sweet and spicy and just a little bit smokey too. It is great in tacos, and it was great in this one. Mine was a little bit cold by the time I got to it, not the fault of the restaurant, but my own, but the flavor was awesome. It was accented just a bit by the onion, cilantro and queso fresco dusting it received on top.
The menu is fantastic in terms of both beer and food. No its not the most traditional place in the world, but its not trying to me. Its a reinvention of classic Mexican dishes and cocktails and they are done amazingly well. I will be back oh so soon.Let me start off by saying I didn't want to like this bar. I'm not sure why, but at first I just assumed I would hate it and never be able to afford it. I'm proud to call myself a regular here now. 
If I'm broke and feeling down I know I can come here and get a $3 beer and have a great conversation with all of the staff. Sure, the food is great and so are the drinks, but it is each and every one of the people that work there that have created such a loyal customer out of me. The best part about the staff is that they take care of their loyal customers. 
I started bringing everyone I know here and in turn the staff takes care of us. Maybe its a free beer or a hug, but they make you feel good about spending your money there. I even recently took my mother there for dinner and the kitchen sent us out an appetizer and dessert. She can't wait to take her friends back now. 
Any restaurant can make great food, but it takes an amazing staff to create loyal customers. Thank you Billy, Wolfe, Tasha, sarah , jose , Layton, Richard, gavin and everyone else there whose names I've only left out because this review has gotten too long!Great food ,amazing views,customer service was on point.We day outside by the side walks,very chill ,just be careful with the homeless once in a while they wonder around.korean barbecue tips taco was off the hook.Came here with some friends on a whim, and was pleasantly surprised. The food is amazing! (albeit on the pricier side)
- Nachos: (cecina beef, chicken tinga, or spicy pork) Get the beef. Every time - get the beef. Very pricey (about $10?), but well worth it! 
- Corn on the Cob: tasty, but with a little spicy kick
- Korean Rib Tacos: only 2 tacos per order (as with every taco), but they were AMAZING. So flavorful with a unique pear pico de gallo that combines a Korean favorite with a unique Mexican twistSOoooooooooo good.  We go here often and they never disappoint.  This place was life changing for us.  Chicken tinga nachos are the most perfect nachos  I ever ate.  We try different tacos every time and have never been disappointed... Awesome selection of beers and the margaritas are sooooo good too.
service has always been as good as it gets for me and the usually got on good tunesSo in short good cocktails good food. Also a nice draft selection. 
I had the scallop tacos and oh wow! Such amazing flavored with the roasted cauliflower and Harissa it was delicious. Sat at the bar and the service was good.Once again out to eat at Sancho Pistolas. This place is one of my favorites not just for the food but the service as well. The chicken tinga tacos are full of flavor. The brunch menu offers a hanger steak and eggs that rivals any I've had in Philadelphia. Should you take my advice and try this place BE SURE TO TRY the steamed buns. They offer a few types all are equally delicious. Bon appetite' !I was here the other night for a few beers and some food. There was a decent selection of beers even though they didn't have my favorite, corona. I am a huge fan of tacos and they had a excellent variety of land or sea type. I really wanted to try the lobster taco but they had a Korean BBQ style taco that I could not pass up. I am a sucker for Korean BBQ. It turned out amazing! It was also during happy hour so the price was half off. Highly recommend.I love this place. We ate here on a Sunday afternoon and it was not too busy. They have brunch available until 3 pm. I opted for the tuna guac and it was amazing.  I will get it again and I highly recommend it if you like raw fish. We also had pitchers of margaritas.  They were made with Montezuma tequila, which is cheap stuff, but they were still delicious. The preparation was just right, not too sugary and plenty of citrus. We sat inside, then later moved to the street side tables. Both areas are nice, and they kept the windows open so you can still hear the music and feel the ac outside.I don't normally write reviews, but thought I should throw my two cents in on the quality of this location.  I was super excited to try this location because it is closer to my house than Jose Pistola's downtown.  Unfortunately that is where the excitement ended.
After sitting down at one of the tables the server suggested, it took nearly 20 minutes to receive waters, menus and a greeting from our server.  I'm fairly certain that had I not stood up to look at the beer menu, we never would have been served.
We ordered the nachos at the downtown location on Cinco de Mayo, and loved them, so we thought we would try them again.  They were not nearly as good, and lacked the toppings that we received the first time, but included $3 worth of guacamole that I never requested but was charged for anyway.
Long story short, if you want good service and better quality, stay away from this location and stick to the flagship Jose Pistola's downtown!I've been here twice and both times, the food is was great! If you are craving tacos, this is a place to go. Its a casual bar with a few outside seating. This place definitely has some good vibes - the atmosphere, music, and crowd - thumbs up. Our server was also super friendly! Try a spicy margarita here!!! YUMMM!!!My first time to Sancho our server was not great but once we received our good it was amazing. I can say with 100% honesty that the Maduros (sweet Plantains) are the best in the city. The 2nd time we went we had the best server in the world. She was so nice and really took care of use. My girlfriend and I took one of friends to Pistola's and being mexican she said,"I will be the Judge of how good it is, after all I am Mexican." 3 words sum it up _ Party in your mouth!!!! You have to go - go early - the bar gets packed with hipsters - outside setting is great. Lets GONice little bar/restaurant. The guacamole was alright, but I will give the duck tacos a 5 star, they were amazing.Wow this place is officially my favorite spot for Mexican food. The atmosphere here is great with very friendly staff. The mahi mahi tacos are my personal favorite. Each order comes with 2 big soft tacos which was very filling for me. I also ordered corn on the cob(so bomb) and churros. Everything was delicious! The strawberry margarita is strong but tasted amazing. Don't sleep on this place! Can't wait to come back soonFirst time here and service and food was great. You can sit anywhere, and the waiter will take notice and greet you. Today was a pretty slow day when I came, but otherwise, the waiter was really nice and attentive to those inside, outside, and at the bar.Food: Enjoyed the nachos, carnitas steamed buns, and Korean rib tacos. Pork banh mi tacos were blah, not much flavor and pork was tough. Interesting blend of Mexican and Asian flavors.
Atmosphere: Music is TOO LOUD. Also, Sancho needs to figure out what it wants to be --- sports bar? Mexican restaurant? Caribbean dance hall? (they were playing Caribbean music loudly the entire time) Seating was tight so it was hard to maneuver between tables.
Service: Pretty fast service for a busy Friday evening. Servers were friendly.
Overall, would go and give it a second chance but will definitely need to sit outside away from the music.The restaurant has a weird layout, we had to go find a hostess to help us get seated but other than that, food was amazing. Shout out to street corn (or corn on the cob as the menu so blandly called it, for shame Mexican restaurant!)We were exploring Fishtown and looking for a place with a vegan-friendly happy hour since my cousin is vegan, and we stumbled upon Sancho Pistola's because they start their HH at 4 pm. We settled in a pitcher of rosemary blood orange margaritas for $17, and 2 tacos for $7. We also tried some guac, which wasn't part of the HH deal, but we couldn't resist. The tacos were so good, that we ordered a second round while happy hour was still in effect. 
Their menu is pretty diverse and offers a lot of choices for different diets. My cousin who's a vegan got the Korean Rib Tacos, but substituted the meat for tempeh chorizo, and she totally loved it, esepcailyl the Asian pear slaw that was on it. 
For my first round of tacos, I opted for the falafel with taziki yogurt and feta cheese, and I was pleasantly surprised (I know ordering falafel at a Mexican restaurant is pretty risky). It was fantastic and different. For the second round, I opted for the spicy pork, which had really good flavor with the grilled pineapple. My only complaint is that I got some pretty gristly pieces of pork, so I ended up picking the taco apart and eating the pork on its own. 
Next time I visit Fishtown, I'll be back for their awesome happy hour!The brunch is fantastic!   The ingredients were fresh and we'll put together.      The jalapeno margarita is the stuff dreams are made of.Great Nachos, Margaritas,  and tacos. If your in the Northern liberties area check this place out.Figured I'd check this place out a friendly bar tender service was good.  Chicken tortilla soup was everything a chicken tortilla soup should be roasted chicken tacos were on point as well... Wasn't a huge fan of the spicy mango marg but awesome beer and mezcal/tequila list more than makes up for it... Hope to be back soonGood food, but pricey for fishtown. Every once in a while I get the bartender that hates me. Then I get the one who is great so it evens out.Delicious Mexican style food with creative combinations. Definitely a place go, if you are in the area. Drinks are a must.I reviewed this place before and I'm editing because each experience I've had has been worse and worse. I started out with the opinion that this is just an overpriced El Camino, but now I think it's a restaurant that just doesn't have its shit together. It earned an extra star because the tacos are good and so are the drinks. That said, it's super oveprriced and last time I went the service was just ridiculously slow and confusing. We had three different people come to our table, and each time we tried to order something they made a point to say "I"m not actually your server, but I'll get that anyway." Then my king crab legs were frozen and I had to wait like a half hour for them to be replaced. WTF man.3.5 star review ***
We ordered:
-special of the day pomegranate, mango, guacamole with balsamic drizzle (delicious and medium spicy) 
-lobster tacos (bf liked these, but I thought the seasoning or thoroughly cooked lobster was off)
-ceviche mixto (bf and I thought it was ok and thought the chucks of fish were too big where the texture combined didnt seem like other ceviche dishes we've had)
-House made Churros (bf thought they were well made and said the chocolate sauce was a nice touch. I am typically a fan of churros and these were pretty good, but if you are expecting carnival style which I like because they are dry on the inside then you might be disappointed based on the inner texture)
-Beer selection was pretty good and I was happy to see they had sours
The staff was very kind. The only issue is that the food runner was bringing our food to another table which happened with every dish...the churros were the only thing the other people turned away because the server informed them by then that the food wasn't for their table. We were the corner table outside and they were a middle table diagonal from us... other than that timing was good.The overly-chill waiter sold me on some lamb tacos, pork bao, and queso dip. Oh and some pickled watermelon margarita. 
I think the 'oh by the way this is dope, also' sales technique got me. I''m a sucker.
But all of it was good. So, sucker or not, 'twas a nice meal.3 words - Pickled Watermelon Margaritas. 
3 more words - Spicy Mango Margaritas (made with habanero infused tequila)
Crazy awesome guac options from traditional to experimental (Pomegranate Guac? YES). Chips are fresh and super crispy.
Amazing taco options for every palate - vegetarian friendly as well as carnivores :)
Kitchen is super fast so you can order on the fly. 
And for the super hungry - there are entrees... 
Amazing service - great music - bar seating and high top tables - very casual. Super fun!Food was great, tacos were awesome, highly recommend the Steak taco. The corn on the cob was amazing, my favorite thing. Guac was great to. Only complaint would be the Blood orange Marg, wasn't great.I'm mad at all of the 1 & 2 star reviews. I can't understand what would warrant that kind of rating.  Seriously, seated in 15 mins on a Friday night, food was prepared quickly & was outstanding! Everyone who worked there is a gem.... and awesome beer selection.
Probs my new favorite spot in fishtown.... oh! and I will be dreaming about that Carne Asada.In my initial review, I enjoyed myself and my friend paid for me. But I'm going to drop my review to three stars because of pricing. I have been here two times since and I got the fish tacos they were okay, but for the price it seems a bit nonsensical. For one dollar more I could have gotten a huge thing of fries with a burger, which is a real meal, not these small tacos.. my friends got the burgers I should have just gotten that for my moneys worth. Second time I got two small meatball things for like ten bucks. This place doesnt make sense price wise, so I'll go elsewhere.One of my favorite places for tacos. The Brussels sprout tacos seem like they would be weird but the sauce and the way they cook the Brussels sprouts makes me want to eat tacos like this every day!! Their specialty margarita flavors and pitchers are delicious and worth trying. They also have really good burritos and their nachos are amazing. Don't forget to get their guacamole too!This in my favorite Mexican restaurant. The spicy tuna guacamole is amazing & I always get the chicken tinga tacos. The meat is always tender and juicy. The mahi mahi ceviche is my go to if I need a ceviche fix! Everyone I've brought here has loved their meal and wants to come back. It's is a bit on the pricier side and it does stink that you only get two tacos. I usually would never pay $11 for two tacos but It worth it if you like juicy, tender, flavorful tacos and they are consistently good.I came with a group of 9 for brunch last Saturday and it was awesome from the drinks (they were amazing), brunch items were delicious, service was really good and it wasn't overly crowded so there was no wait which was lovely as fall brunch in Philly calls for crowds. Neighborhood best, for real. Do it.The food was delicious and the staff were lovely but.....the music was far too loud and despite asking 3 times it was not reduced in volume. If it wasn't for the music it would be 5 stars. Very disappointing that they let themselves down with the ambiance. Loud does not mean cool.Tacos are awesome bartender was great love it here! Everything was tasty. Go for the margarita and the fried Brussels sprout tacos they are fantastic.I went in during happy hour time and sat at the bar. It was pretty crowded, Customer service was immediate and very friendly, But unfortunately my meal was overcooked and I found a ant crawling around my food,SANCHO is usually my favorite Mexican food in the area, but went today and had the worst service at their bar. The bartender didn't even acknowledge us for the first 20 mins, never even told us her name and was super moody the whole time we were there. It was as if we were bothering her. I enjoyed my usual order, but my friend and fiance were underwhelmed with their meals. I would have stayed for quite a few drinks as usual  if the bartender didn't have such a negative and dismissive demeanor. As much as I love the freedom tacos, i will not be back any time soon. We ended up going to bottle bar around the corner for our drinks and can not say enough wonderful things about the service. Moral of the story, bad service will loose customers. Thanks red headed bartender on a Saturday day...ur terrible service drove us to go elsewhere, which is a blessing. Thank uWhen I heard Sancho Pistola's opened up just a few blocks away from my house, I was excited. While there is no shortage of brewpubs in the Fishtown/No. Libs neighborhood, Sancho Pistola's is one to come out for.
The space has a modern aesthetic, with some chic design cues.  A packed wrap-around bar and lots of tables (unfortunately for food only until late night).  There are a couple of TVs atop the bar, too, which I think lighten the mood and make the place more approachable.  Crowd was all over the place in demographic, probably because it was the first week open when I walked in.  There isn't a lot of standing room because staff are constantly walking through the restaurant with food for tables, but if you can snag a seat at the bar or the back ledge behind the bar to perch then you're set.
The draft list is great and pretty reasonably priced for the quality of beers.  All true craft stuff, and rotating pretty frequently... all completely different taps from whne i visited just a few weeks ago.  Sancho Pistola's has a good bottle list, too, if you can't find something you want.  I was really surprised to see Deschutes Red Chair on the list (which I ordered and highly recommend).  A little weak on ciders, but a good mix of domestic and import stuff.  They've got some interesting looking cocktails which I didn't try, but they look good and will definitely go for one the next time I'm back.
Service was decent. It took me quite a while to get my drink order taken at the bar, and I had to repeat myself easily 4 separate times before the bartender got my complete order.  It's hard to tell whether they were just new or dealing with opening week stress, but I imagine things will get better when things have died down a little. We ordered food later at night and waitress was attentive and kind.
Speaking of food, it is damn good.  The menu is definitely a more gourmet twist on Mexican, which is a welcome change to the cheap Mexican stuff elsewhere in the city. We ordered the spicy tuna guacamole for the table, and it was the thebomb.com.  Only until we got the bill did we realize it was $14!  
Pro-tip, ask the price of what you order before you place it because the menus do not include prices... (part of the reason why I dinged them a star).
All-in-all, Sancho Pistola's is a great addition to Girard.  Great brews, good food, and a nice atmosphere.  Once they work out the kinks and a typical crowd sets in, Sancho Pistola's will probably be a true 5-star bar.This is a comfortable enough place, with friendly bartenders and wait staff, but it's pricey and I honestly don't think the food is good enough to warrant the prices. The first time I went, we had drinks and guacamole. The guac was admittedly very good, but it had better be for $14. On our second visit, we had hot wings, the Korean bbq rib tacos, and some sort of fish taco (red snapper, maybe?). The food was fine, but nothing special. Our tab came to $80, for four margaritas, a small order of wings, and four decent-sized tacos that were palatable enough, but simply weren't all that exciting. The tacos at Loco Pez a few blocks away are much tastier and much less expensive. I might stop back in for a drink at some point (as they have a variety of interesting tequila and mezcal cocktails), but I doubt I'll ever eat here again.In my initial review, I enjoyed myself and my friend paid for me. But I'm going to drop my review to three stars because of pricing. I have been here two times since and I got the fish tacos they were okay, but for the price it seems a bit nonsensical. For one dollar more I could have gotten a huge thing of fries with a burger, which is a real meal, not these small tacos.. my friends got the burgers I should have just gotten that for my moneys worth. Second time I got two small meatball things for like ten bucks. This place doesnt make sense price wise, so I'll go elsewhere.Let's see, the nachos were about the same quality I could get from my Microwave. Cheddar Cheese and canned beans don't really do the trick when stacked up against Loco Pez, or even El Camino. The sangria was pretty awful, the fruit was all bland and the drink itself tasted like watered down cheap wine. Then there was the tacos...ugh the korean taco was horrible, mostly gristle and almost no flavor at all, and the brussel sprout leaf tacos were covered in oil, so much so my wife and I both felt sick after eating them, the flavor was ok, but they were just way too drenched in oil. On top of all of the the tacos were about $6 a piece, and come in plates of two, way over priced compared to anywhere in the area, and the quality wasn't even half as good. I doubt we will ever go back, it was pretty abysmal.Went here with work peeps and everyone loved it.  Yes, even the celiac's disease ridden vegan.  
Most of us got the Brussels sprouts tacos which were salty and amazing and one of us got the roasted chicken tacos which she said were deeeeelish.  We also got the seasonal guac that was out of this world!  It's weird because they tell you it's called a grilled fruit guac but it's seasonal and you need to ask about it.  The chips were also salty and delicious.  
Everything is cooked in soy oil so if you have a soy problem, watch out.  But everything is or can be gluten free and vegan, so that's helpful for some :)  Drinks were moderate in both strength and pricing.  
Happy hour is half price drafts and margarita pitchers.  Totally worth it!  Oh, and the side of mushrooms was huge and yummerific.  
The downside is the saltiness, if you aren't into that, there is very little room between tables once the place gets crowded and you can only split the check three ways.  Otherwise, I HIGHLY recommend!Solid five stars. We sat at the bar and decided to pace ourselves with progressive orders of small plates to share.
We started with the tuna guacamole... I know that this doesn't sound quite right but I assure you it's amazing! Sushi grade tuna tartare diced up over fresh made guacamole with a little sesame oil and seeds sprinkled on top. Served along side were some in house fried tortilla chips. We then split an order of soft shell crab tacos served on a flour tortilla with a drizzle of chipotle mayo on top...we got the last order of this stellar tacos and we were glad and sad... Glad that we had them and sad that we couldn't get any more. I could have just had a couple of orders of these and be more than content.
We then had a nicely done hamachi appetizer drizzled in soy and topped with a sliver of fresh jalapeño...perfect!
The last plates were the carnitas steamed buns which we deceived would pair perfectly with an order of fried plantains. The carnitas buns were simple and delicious and went very well with the plantains which were topped with some Mexican cream. 
Did I mention they have a full bar with a great handcrafted beer selection? Can't wait to go back!This place is a little more on the pricey side. But most of the food is worth it. I had the lamb tacos which I think we're probably the best option I could've picked. Delicious! Very different. But I did go for the special also the fillet mingnon tacos and no only was it not cooked as I asked medium rare but it was very fatty and the portion was poor for what it was worth. The drinks are good a bit on the more pricey side, if your looking for a cheaper option go next door and get a city wide special for $4 to start the buzz before. I do have to mention that the guacamole was on point I could've eaten that for days!! Highly recommended best app classic guacamole hands down! I sat outside which was nice in this current weather but was better then the noise inside where I wouldn't have been able to talk to my dining partner at all.Great space in Fishtown, friendly bar staff, great food and a mixologist to boot. 
The chicken tinga nachos were some of the best I've had. Seriously, try them. The sides of grilled corn and plantain were both well spiced and lovable. 
The space is well located and bright but with the same level of cozy, welcoming neighborhood bar that would be expected of the Pistola's family. 
Finally, try the cocktails. You'll be in for a treat with the infused tequilas. Of course the beer list is legendary as well.Stop by for a quick bite and didn't regret my choice. Got some breakfast tacos (first time BTW) eggs with bacon and avocado. Yummy can't wait to go back. Got myself a beer just to watch NBA game cool place to chill. Waiter-Bartender was super Nice.The blood orange rosemary marg was decent. The guac was okay. I'm pretty sure that if I sat with the flirty girls across the bar Id have gotten way more attention from the bartender and not sat holding my card and crunching on the ice of my empty water for 15 minutes before being noticed.Went here for my birthday last year, loved the food and the drinks! The sangria and margaritas were the highlight. The pork bao buns and guacamole were delicious as well. It was crowded,
and we were a group of 10 so they had to seat us at 2 different tables and we had to wait like 45 minutes but we just got pitchers and hung out while we waited. Definitely would not come back with such a large group, they weren't very accommodating for that, it's a small place that's centered around a bar. But the atmosphere was fun and lively, I would definitely come back with a few friends for a girls night outMy boyfriend suggested we go somewhere nice for dinner before a concert. Unfortunately, the concert was a different night, but we still stopped by for dinner as originally planned around 7 pm on a Saturday.
I was stunned when we opened the door to go inside--people were really enjoying their night at the bar. Several TV's were on, but I can't remember if the noise came from them, from the people everywhere, from the clinking at the bar, or from a combination of all the above. The hostess wasn't around, either, which added to my confusion. However, within a few minutes, she weaved her way to the door and seated us outside as my boyfriend requested. The noise difference as soon as the door closed behind us was incredible. The wooden folding table and chairs on the sidewalk with the brick facade of the restaurant made a very nice atmosphere.
Our server was friendly, attentive to our water glasses, knowledgeable about the menu, and eager to share his recommendations. I liked the variety of cuisines represented in the taco menu, and the sassy remarks in the menu descriptions could make pretty good conversation starters. My boyfriend ordered a beer, which he seemed to enjoy, and we each got an order of tacos: Korean short rib for me, and mahi mahi for him. 
Our tacos arrived, two per serving, with fillings heaped onto single corn tortillas. There was effort in the presentation. I loved the colors from the pickled vegetables on the mahi mahi tacos and from the radish on the Korean short rib tacos. They were more filling than I expected.
Mahi mahi: The tortilla wasn't even wide enough to wrap the piece of fried fish on it. The fish was tender and flaky, and the pickles lent a nice, sharp contrast to the fish. The lime helped with that, too.
Korean short rib: My foremost complaint is that the meat contained a lot of chewy, tough bits. Aside from that, it had a nice marinade, and the little rib pieces that came along with the tacos had a great char on them. The Asian pear pico de gallo was sweet and tangy. The slice of avocado (which I would not have noticed had I not looked at the taco) was barely ripe, making its texture more compatible with that of the other ingredients.
The food was good, and the menu was innovative. However, the food could be better if the flavors were bolder and matched the sass of the menu--the food I tried seemed to be toned down. Perhaps it was our choices. Overall, it was a very nice dinner date, though I'd suggest trying somewhere else before returning.I've been here a handful of times and the food is always consistently great and service is friendly and quick. However, the music playing inside is very loud no matter where you sit or how many people are in the restaurant.  I know places can get noisy but I don't feel like I should have to yell to talk to my friends or the wait staff.Stopped by tonight for dinner and I was blown away by how delicious the food was. My family and I got 6 different types of tacos; chicken tinga, mahi mahi, pork belly, korean rib, calamari & chorizo and finally spicy pork. We also got nachos, and two margaritas (spicy mango & guava). The food was delicious and definitely made right. They all came out at the same time, hot and presentable. You also cant go with nachos or margaritas so we we're all happy campers. The prices were also responsible. Overall this place is great!It was very easy for me to skip past this place. There are several locations in the area to grab a drink, and the times when I'm actually around this location, there are food trucks that I'm very familiar with right across the street that make amazing food for better prices. Why bother?
Hungry for tacos on a evening when the trucks weren't outside, I decided to stop in. Wow. Let's just say, I haven't returned to the trucks since. Great atmosphere, friendly bar tenders and the "blue berry jawn":
Tacks half price after midnight and absolutely delicious, it's a shame I hadn't gone sooner. I've been there 4 times this week alone, now. I'm hooked.Sancho's started out at a 3 star but by the time I got around to writing this review (and 4 subsequent visits) I'm pushing it up to 4 stars.
The food is fantastic and the drink / craft brew list is really solid for any restaurant in the Fishtown area.
My go-to as of late is the sashimi tuna guacamole.  I could make a whole meal out of it and I generally do.  I've also tried the chicken wings, the spicy pork tacos, and the mahi ceviche.  All of which are also great.
While I haven't tried it, my friends claim that the burger is one of the best in Philly.  It's definitely on my list for the next visit.
As for the restaurant itself, the room is pretty small so it often feels packed on a busy night.  They also have some outdoor seating, but it's a small sidewalk near a busy area so I'm not sure if I'd want to sit out there.
As for service, it's pretty solid.  Not exceptional but not bad either.
Taco for taco, I still prefer Loco Pez because of their variety, but Sancho's is definitely #2 and worth a visit if you are in the area.Delicious food and drinks with awesome service. I highly recommend the sashimi tuna guacamole. Will definitely be returning soon!I come here to f#ck up that Tuna Guac jawn and those wings. Get the Tamarind wings with Hot on the side, bar dude recommended that once and now it's my standard.Stumbled in here for brunch on a Saturday morning, and it was totally empty, which is surprising, because it was an incredible experience!  I love brunch and my boyfriend loves all things spicy, so it was a perfect decision.
Food was fresh, creative, and delicious.  I was really bummed that they were out of the chipotle eggs benedicto, so I got the huevos rancheros instead.  A classic choice, cooked to perfection, made me forget all of my sadness at the lack of eggs benny in my life that morning. My boyfriend got like this spicy pastrami breakfast sandwich or something like that, and it was outrageously good.  
Also, little did I know at the time that apparently the mimosas, bloody marys, and margaritas are BOTTOMLESS for two hours during brunch!?!?!? WHAT?! Explains why the server was so eager to bring me another...  It must be like their best kept secret or something, because I definitely would have had more had I known, and I'm making it a priority to go back ASAP to take advantage of this incredible deal. 
Our server was attentive, outgoing, and friendly, and my boyfriend and I seriously enjoyed our brunch experience here.  Will definitely be back, and not just for the bottomless drinks.There are two phases in my life: before I tried the Spicy Pork taco at Sancho Pistola's, and after.This place has very tasty good, had their cecina (steak) poblano tacos which a nice kick, Korean short rib tacos were very tender, and the Mahi Mahi tacos are big moist and batter crispy with a sweet spicy topping.  Mahi Mahi were my favorite.   We asked for a side of traditional guacamole and some chips which was just enough.  The guacamole definitely has a nice kick.  If you like beer, margaritas and cocktails they have many to choose fromSancho was great. We came for happy hour and arrived right at 4 on a Monday. There were a few people at the bar and we were the only table. The service was timely and attentive. We got a pitcher of the classic margaritas and two salted glasses. The margs were tart and sweet, very tasty.
For food we decided to split the carnitas buns (comes with two), the nachos, and the chicken enchiladas. The nachos were good, slightly on the sweet side. The carnitas bun was incredible. The meat was so flavorful and juicy. I would get these again in a heartbeat. The enchiladas verde were also very good. They had a nice spice to them, too, which is not typical. We highly enjoyed our meal and would definitely come back.Spicy pork tacos tasted great but included a piece of sharp plastic inside. Fortunately spit it out before it cut my mouth.I came in on a Saturday afternoon.  The service was exceptional for us.  We had some of the pepper infused tequila which was great.  Pork nachos was very tasty.  The pork especially.  The waiter explained the dishes very well and was very attentive.  The bean soup was really good as well.Wish they double layered their tacos! They're on the hefty side so the tortilla pretty much falls apart your 3rd bite in. Good tacos though! Chips & salsa were a little on the overwhelming salty side for me. Overall really nice staff & good drinks!Based on the yelp reviews, my friends and I split the spicey mango margarita and it was waaaaay too spicey for us with not enough sweet. We expected it to have a sweet mango taste with also some subtle heat to it but we all couldn't even taste the mango. I would only suggest getting this drink if you REALLY can handle spice and like jalapeños. However, the food was amazing! We split the fundido and all had different tacos. The food did not disappoint and would love to go back again!Small-corner bar with a decent amount of tables surrounding. The tortilla chips were amazing, they were crisp and flaky without being too hard. We had the standard guac which was also a great choice. The waiter was knowledgeable about the menu and the beers they offered. Seeing how small the tacos (only 2 per dish) were, I ordered the nachos w steak. They were very good except for 2 things: 1) there was way too much pepper on them (however easily picked off), and 2) the steak had an unpleasant charred taste that seemed like it came from a grill that hadn't been cleaned in a while. I don't know what it was but it ruined the great tasting nachos and I put the steak on the side. Overall cool place to go, if you get the right things.The place was really nice. The service was amazing. And the food came out really fast. The food that we ordered was oh so good. As well as the drinks. The only thing I didn't like were the churros. They were to hard. I don't know if they're suppose to be , I'm just used to softer churros.Awesome happy hour with drink and food specials. Service was on point. Very clean. Great vegan options. Brussels sprouts taco is a must have and blood red margarita was delicious.My boyfriend and I came in on a cold Thursday evening, and it was hardly crowded. I've tried this place before but never ordered much, so I decided to fully try it out this time. 
We ordered the Traditional Guacamole and the Korean Rib tacos during Happy Hour ($7 for tacos). For drinks, I got the famous Spicy Mango marg. The guacamole and chips were the freshest, best tasting guacamole we've ever had! It was expensive for the amount you get, but the quality was 10/10. The chips were thick and crunchy too. 
The tacos weren't our favorite, but only due to personal preference. We aren't big fans of corn tortillas, and the chewiness of the Korean Rib meat wasn't cohesive with the soft taco, but the flavor was definitely great. Their in-house hot sauce was amazing--hot enough and not over-powering! Definitely try it if you go!
We had a great experience overall due to the friendliness of the waiter. Great customer service!Been multiple times. Great, friendly service. Food has been solid, and very flavorful. Plantains were really delicious. I will be going back, and haven't hesitated to recommend it to friends.oysters and strawberry guacamole. tacos and tecates. this is exactly what fishtown needed. service is friendly and fast and the atmosphere is perfect for late night or dinner. also one of the few places in the neighborhood with tvs.I can only speak to the tacos but what I had was very tasty! Rolled into this place around midnight admittedly a little buzzed and feeling hungry! Sancho's kitchen was still open and I ordered some tacos! They were pretty good served with yummy sauce on corn tortillas and fresh vegetables! Not bad for a midnight snack! Otherwise it looked like a fun bar and place to get drinks and hang out. A good addition for fishtown and I'm glad I had a chance to visit.Mahi Mahi Ceviche was served with tomato, habenero, avocado, and cilantro.  It wasn't overly lime-y, and had a nice flavor that went well with the Mahi Mahi.  It's served with what seem to be home made chips, really good together.  
Carnitas Steamed Buns (2) were really tasty.  Slow cooked pork, pico de gallo, chipotle aioli, and guacamole all served on a dense rice bun.  I love rice buns, and would like to see more food served on them.  The flavor on this dish, as well as the texture, was pretty great.  
Mahi Mahi Tacos (2) were served battered with pickled red cabbage, chipotle aioli, and cilantro.  These were pretty terrific, better than a lot of fish tacos that I've had.  
Spicy Pork Tacos (2) are served with grilled pineapple, kimchi, and cilantro.  These were okay, but not my favorite.  My special friend liked them, and she ordered them, so there's that.  
They had some interesting things on take.  I tried Deschutes Black Butte Porter here on tap, which is something that you don't see a whole lot of, and I'd like to see more.I LOVE THIS PLACE! Fun time was had by all! Also, the bartender was extra cute and friendly:) I love margaritas, so I was excited to try the blood orange margarita and the pickled watermelon margarita. Both were excellent! I tried the classic margarita and that was also yummy!. Next I tried the mahi mahi tacos. One word: AMAZING! The sauce and the cabbage were just right alongside the fresh battered mahi mahi. It was the absolute best taco I have ever had aside from El Vez. This will def be my new go-to spot. So in addition to my uber yummy margarita and my amazing tacos, the bill was beyond reasonable!!! I was so surprised that I didn't have to pay an arm and a leg. It is without reservation that I wholeheartedly recommend Sanch Pistola! Great place! I'll be back:)I came here to try the falafel tacos.  They were great but a little spicy. If you don't like spicy you may want to try something different. These are a great option for vegetarians. The goat cheese and pistachio guacamole was very good. Our server was very friendly and knowledgeable about the menu. This is a bar atmosphere so be prepared for higher noise levels than a typical restaurant. I would definitely return in the future.I can't say enough great things about Sancho's. I have eaten/had drinks here at least monthly for two years. Tacos are delightful and interesting both for meat eaters and veggies (Brussels Sprouts Tacos are outstanding). Nachos are amazing and the beer menu is fantastic - great can selection and interesting drafts as well. And if you like mixed drinks the drink menu is delish - and the bartenders are excellent at whipping something up for you with freshly squeezed juices and mescal. Atmosphere is friendly and plenty of TVs if you want to watch sports. Best Mexican in Fishtown/NoLibs!I have been here twice and both times I was impressed with both the service and the food. I live close by and I'm happy to have such a reliable Mexican restaurant/bar within walking distance. I will definitely be back!Very surprised that I had the best fish tacos of my life in Philly.  Great selection of beers, great employees and an amazing tuna-guac.
I went at lunch time and it was pretty empty, but I heard this place is packed come dinner and the weekends.  
Seriously thinking about making the 100 mile trek to eat here one of these weekends.  
One last thing - love the bartender's selection of music.  I even heard some schoolboy.In this area of the city, you will have plenty of options for mexican dining. However, this restaurant is unique in that it provides the more intimate dining experience compared to the other restaurants. 
The Food: (Above Average)
For a sort of appetizer, we ordered the nachos. All the ingredients blended well and it really spoke to my crazing for mexican flavors. The nachos were topped with cheese, crema, tomato, refried beans, cilantro, jalapeno, and onion. The nachos were cooked to a crispy texture, but not so much that they became burnt.
For my drink, I enjoyed the creative Smoked Pina, including mezcal, pineapple, and lime. 
For my main course, I enjoyed the Lamb Pibil tacos, which were appropriately packed with lab petite ribs, pickled red onion, cilantro, and a habanero achote sauce on the side. I will say this (and this may be a personally preference): not a fan of the taco shells. They were far too flimsy to support the ingredients inside and I thought their flavor and texture indicated a low-quality. Nevertheless, prepared with much care and passion and the dish looked beautiful.
The Atmosphere: (Above Average)
The atmosphere seemed very intimate, as we sat in a low-lighting area with a small candle on our table, which barely allowed us to read our menus. Although a bar is situated in the center of the restaurant, the noise was kept to a very comfortable level. Windows surround the dining area and provide a nice street-side view as you enjoy your meal, albeit all you see is a McDonalds and the Post Office. Fortunately, they have good control on the temperature, and despite being seated next to a window, we were kept cozy.
The Price: (Average)
Considering the environment, service, and food quality/presentation, I felt the price was fair. If you know the Northern Liberties/Fishtown area, you know that mexican restaurants are plentiful and that these prices are similar. However, nothing excited me about the offerings verses the price, so I can only say it was average. Considering the nachos, main courses, and one drink and splitting the cost down the middle, approximately $25/person.
The Service: (Above Average)
Our waitress was delightful, well-spoken, and knowledgeable.Went here tonight for dinner and drinks. We got the special guacamole with pomegranate and mango. It was absolutely delicious. The server was great..making sure our drinks were always full and topped off, and the chips never ran out. 
We also got the duck tacos, Mahi Mahi tacos, and spicy pork tacos. They were all delicious. If I had to rate them from most amazing to still amazing but not quite as much it would go;
1. Pork -- great sweet and spicy mix. Pork was delicious 
2. Duck -- very interesting flavor profile but also amazing 
3. Mahi -- very good but tasted a lot like your typical Mahi Mahi taco (not in a bad way) but nothing setting it apart from other restaurants 
The blood orange Rosemary margarita is very delicious. Not too sweet like most. The Rosemary adds a great twist. 
Only good things to say about the food and drinks here.
ALSO at the end of the meal we received a complimentary dessert. Amazing service.I really like this place. Whenever we have people come into town we always make sure to get a meal here and EVERYONE enjoys it. Even the wings and burger are deliscious (haven't tried the smoked wings).
Don't worry about the price bc 1. If you're going out to get good food it's not cheap, and 2. One order of tacos is PLENTY of food for a person. They are stacked. I've never been able to eat one with everything staying in the tortilla.
Carnitas steamed buns are a must.
The only thing I wouldn't recommend are the Mahi Mahi tacos. They're mediocre and with other really good options on the menu don't waste your time. The Korean Rib and Cecina can be hit-or-miss.
The nachos are huge and quality...if you're service industry hit up their late night happy hour. It would be great to have a food special for normal happy hour, I was a bit bummed when they stopped doing that.
I wish they still had the Mole Meatball Steamed Buns.
The things not making this 5 stars is the fact that there are some things on the menu to avoid and the tall tables are uncomfortable. 
But you should try this restaurant, it will probably end up in your rotation of solid places to return to....it's on my Philadelphia short-list.Have you ever tasted the sweet and tart nectar of a unicorn's tears? Have you ever had tortilla chips made from the maize that Squanto taught the English settlers to grow after their first winter in the New World? Have you enjoyed the melted cheese made from the golden calf in the Hebrew Bible (It's Kosher*!)? Have you ever noshed on guacamole from avocados cultivated in Ferngully, the Last Rainforest? (R.I.P. Robin Williams)  Have you massacred an entire family of pod people in order to enjoy the delicious Brussels Sprout Tacos they can be made into? Do you even soy chorizo, bro?
I have. Thanks to Sancho Pistola's... I have.
The Sancho Margarita is hands down the best margarita you will ever taste in your life. I have yet to be allowed in the kitchen to meet the unicorn from which it's tears are the central ingredient of this magnificent cocktail. But I imagine he is glorious and his tears are all collected cruelty free. (They just chop the onions in front of him and he watches Black Beauty and Seabiscuit on repeat.)
The nachos have been transported here from heaven using that machine that Jeff Goldblum made in The Fly (it's how the cheese gets all melty).
Brussels Sprout Tacos. I don't care about the future of the pod people, they taste too delicious. If you didn't want to be eaten, you shouldn't have come to Earth. 
The staff is comprised of the most amazing top-of-the-line androids with real emoting powers. I know they are robots because they never make mistakes, they are always there when you need them (for a margarita, they don't want to hear your personal problems.), and they are always working. No human being can do that. I just hope that when they go self aware they will kill me fast. That's how I know they have truly learned how to love.
And when I die, after the androids rise against us, I will be buried here. Right under Giovanni, the Unicorn. 
 *I don't actually know what makes something kosher. Ess at your own risk Bubala.I'm loving what Sancho Pistola's has going on.  All the wonder and edge of of the center city location but now in Fishtown.
The spicy tuna guacamole really starts things off nicely for any meal.  I also paired it with some mezcal and now I'm a fan of that.  I didn't find their lobster tacos to be jaw dropping but the other items (nachos, churros, spicy pork tacos, korean rib tacos) all were exceptional.  We even had churros for dessert just because they reminded me of my childhood.
Great food, great booze, great location.  This place is a keeper.Best brunch deal in the area! I went with a pretty big group for a Saturday brunch and I don't think I can say one bad thing about the experience. It's actually surprising when somewhere with bottomless mimosas, margs, and bloody Mary's actually has good food. The eggs benedicto were really great and everyone else in the group loved their dishes. The tortilla soup was a favorite and the drinks were decent sizes and pretty strong. The service was also fabulous and the staff was really personable and fun to talk to. I would absolutely be back for another brunch or I would love to try dinner as well.Can't say enough about this place. Just get there and eat their amazing tacos. Love the vibe, love the drinks, and they really score a home run with their creative tacos and other dishes like albondigas bao buns! Fried plantains were excellently prepared and a must if you are a plantain person. Must visit if you are passing through Fishtown.Only had drinks here but the Sangria was top-notch. The happy hour drink menu is beyond reasonable.In the area and stopped in for some drinks and a light dinner.  Was not dissapointed! Sat at the bar and got immediate and effing great service. 
Meal & drinks included:
Spicy tuna guac A (chunks of tuna, so yum)
Plantains A++ (yaaass)
Soy chorizo nachos A- (could have been more hot and gooey! )
Spicy mango marg A+ (recommend if you like bite)
Especial beers A 
Price point is average for the area and quality of food, IMO. 
10/10 would recommend.When everything on the menu sounds delicious, then you know you've hit the jackpot. First, the drinks. Sancho knows what he's doing when it comes to margaritas. I'm not normally a margarita senorita, but I decided to get a pomegranate -mint variety because it sounded good. And it was. Not too- tequila-y, if you know what I mean. 
For an appetizer, we let other Yelpers guide us in the right direction with the Spicy Tuna Guacamole. You guys, this dish is it. I love me some guac, and this version is one of the best things I've ever piled onto a tortilla chip. 
The taco selection is out of control crazy. Every single taco made my mouth water. After some intense moments of debate, and with the help of my margarita brain, I decided on the lamb with cucumber yogurt. Even my husband, who said he wasn't sure it sounded good, was begging me for more than just one bite.
We aren't in Fishtown a bunch, but I think Sancho just gave us a reason to visit his neck-of-the-woods more often.Happen to fall upon this place when exploring philly. Great staff, great atmosphere, and great food. 10/10Yo I'm live yelping right now at the brunch here and it's the best. Their $30 brunch special is so good. The drink selection is perfect and Gerald is totally into keeping you loose and full of food in the best way possible. I would suggest this place to anyone looking for an awesome brunch. Meat lovers: get the bacon side.Great to have a new non-gastropub in the area. Service was prompt and friendly, had strawberry guacamole, and pork belly tacos.  Delicious. Will be back!Came here with some friends on a whim and was not disappointed. Everyone was satisfied with their orders as I was with mine. I ordered the lamb pibil and it was plenty flavorful. The best part of the meal was dessert. Their churros are addictively good and come with a warm sweet chocolate dipping sauce. The only thing I found odd was that they don't offer unsweetened iced tea.Friendly, clean, good vibe, tunes, killer menu, great and creative dishes, great overall formula, easily a consistent  winner, good taps that are actually drinkable.  Don't steal my bar seat. Started with pistachio guac and mahi tacos for common samples.  Both very good in a give me the menu way.  Back in 2 days with wife before concert.  Will hit ceviche and either duck tacos, pork belly ban mi or falafel taco plus a calamari and chorizo taco to go!  Instantly a top 10 for me in this city.   For Mexican, in terms of food alone, might be my favorite nationwide.  Many fail to wow with seafood tacos.This place is a Fishtown staple and has some solid food, however, I think Fishtown can do better. They carry ~15 different types of tacos and enchiladas but their options are limited outside of those options. They do have nightly specials. The atmosphere was fairly limited in that it felt more like a dive bar/restaurant than a well known restaurant. 
We had the oysters and guac with goat cheese and a few beers but ultimately couldn't decide on anything on the menu that tickled our fancy so ended up cutting the trip short and heading elsewhere to eat. The oysters themselves were great, large, and with the special they were "buck a shuck". Our service was great and the restaurant was just fine, but not something I would go out of my way to recommend.If your looking for non authentic Mexican food and weird combinations of drinks such as pickled watermelon margaritas this is your spot. Def not a spot to go to when you crave Mexican food everything on the menu is not Mexican except for the fact that everything is on a taco so Korean ribs etc. and it's over priced. Come here to try something new.This place was very misleading. We stopped by due to four star yelp reviews and were disgusted by the quality of food. The tortilla soup tasted like old canned tomato paste and was completely inedible. The tacos were not good at all. The only thing that was decent at this place was the French fries and the corn on the cob. The only two things that aren't  hard to mess up in kitchen. Would never recommend this place to anyone.AMAZING food! Server was very sweet. Manager? Was attentive to tables and guest as well as helped his staff with clearing tables and dropping orders off. Barely waited for anything. Very quick kitchen production! Coming back for sure.This place was surprisingly delicious for a sports bar environment. Nachos were super tasty and ingredients were fresh and flavorful. Great service too!!!! Great late night food!This was my first spot upon arriving to Philly from California. You Gotta to have their guacamole!
Food delicious! Margaritas so good!  I had to control myself. Waiter he was awesome!
Of course I've been back for more.Impressive rotating draft list, solid margaritas, amazing guac (get the spicy tuna) & tacos (pork belly banh mi??! Yes, please!!) Attentive & friendly waitstaff. A Fishtown fave, be sure to check this place out for happy hour, or any other hour.Great taco and margarita spot! I got the fish tacos and tuna guacamole... so good! Me and a few of my girlfriends shared a pitcher of margs and I believe it's happy hour you get $10 off the pitcher which is a great deal! The service is great too! Don't have anything negative to say about this place.Sancho's was my destination for after work drinks with a coworker last Thursday and we made sure to get there in time for happy hour. We first indulged in a pint of beer from the crafty selection on the chalkboard before moving onto the half-priced pitcher of sangria. I was especially in love with that because it came with a generous portion of apples and cherries on top without being too sweet.
We got fairly hungry, so we thought we'd start with a plate of nachos ($9 + $4 for meat--ours were half off because of happy hour and such a good deal) and order more food after. But those nachos came so loaded with meat (hint: get the chorizo, which isn't listed as an option. Yum), a few different types of cheese, cilantro, and jalapenos that we didn't need to order any more food. We were stuffed before the rest of our friends even rolled up.
Also, MAKE SURE you ask for the homemade hot sauce. It's a sweet and creamy flavor on the front of the tongue but it develops a deep burn on the aftertaste that is totally satisfying.
Our server was fantastic and shared with us her favorite dishes while also putting up with our boisterous conversations (we were easily the loudest people in there, although there were larger parties in attendance).
The atmosphere and decor of Sancho's made me feel like I was in any normal Fishtown bar (read: industrial decor) that also happened to be serving Mexican food. I am not a huge fan of kitsch in general, so I really didn't mind it at all. Just don't expect it to look like an "authentic" Mexican place.
Definitely need to return to have more than just the nachos.Fun place to go to either start your night out or end your night out. Been here a few times with friends and dates and everyone always has something good to say about the atmosphere, the service and the food. I would go here on any regular day to just get something eat.I LOVE Sancho's. It's a cute little spot in Fishtown with cool lighting, great food, and very tasty margaritas. I always get strawberry, and I'm never disappointed. As far as food goes, I've had nachos (add chicken), guac with spicy tuna, and the chicken wings. All three were awesome, and I was very impressed with how good the wings were for a Mexican place-- probably the best I've ever had. I definitely recommend this restaurant and will definitely be back again soon!Me and husband have been here a few times already and they were really really good! Does seem like they are going downhill a little. Pass two times we came the food has been a bit off. I ordered duck taco this time and the duck was real dry. Had to switch it out. But the next one (pork belly is good!) they just need to keep an eye out better I think! All and all a really good place!This is one of the best Mexican fare restaurants I've been to in the city. The corn (elotes) tastes just like the ones you can get from a street vendor in LA (minus obvious health violations). It was sooo good a few girls in my party ordered seconds. The tacos. Whew. Where do I start? They were just too good. I'm pretty sure we ordered almost every taco on the menu and everyone (party of 5) agreed that the food was delicious and as authentic as it gets. I also got a Sancho burger. Delicious. I'm actually getting hungry writing this. We also got a pitcher of margaritas which was nice a strong. This place is definitely getting added into heavy rotation. See you soon!What's great?
The fish tacos, the $17 pitchers of margaritas during happy hour, the spicy mango margaritas, the nachos with pickled red onions, the homemade hot sauce, the guac, Jose the best server
What's not so great? 
I wasn't a fan of the Korean rib tacos, but I'd never tried Korean ribs before... so if you like them, it may be a good choice for you
Come between 4:30 and 6:30 for happy hour M-F to grab $17 pitchers... so worth it.Omg so good. Nachos are bangin! Steamed buns a must. We are pretty picky and we just never have one complaint when coming here.Dinner review: Cozy location with character. There was a little wait for a table but you can hang at the bar till one is available. The guacamole was fresh and tasty and went well with the tacos. TVs with sports on for your entertainment. 
4 out of 5 I'm a fan.A friend took me here for tacos and I was not disappointed. I got the tuna and the bahn mi pork belly tacos. The tuna tacos were, well, tuna tacos. They were good, no doubt, but nothing I haven't tasted before. And while the sauce wasn't spicy by my taste, it did kind of mute the tuna a little. The bahn mi tacos though, bangin. Pork belly was perfectly cooked and all the flavors of the bahn mi were there. I'd say I even like them better than a straight up bahn mi sandwich, but that's a matter of opinion as I dislike too much bread with any sandwich. Definitely coming through again, and definitely giving a good word out. Can't wait to try the rest of the menu!Update: Happy hour has changed. Still $17 pitchers of margaritas (both plain and flavored... try the spicy mango!) but NOW they're also offering $7 plates of land tacos! Such an awesome deal. Try the spicy pork tacos with kimchi, or the freedom tacos (indulgent hard shell ground beef gluttony) and wash them down with a pitcher of margs.Just ok. The spicy mango/ guava margarita was a highlight. The food took forever to come out during brunch even though it wasn't crowded at all. Two tacos for $12? That's pretty steep especially when they're not all that good. Bland "Mexican" food? That's hard to do.Their menu is very creative! I loved the pomegranate guacamole (this item was on special), duck tacos and the rosemary blood orange margarita! Friendly staff, clean and out door seating. I can't wait to go back!VERY strong taco menu, SUPER strong margarita menu.  We tried several types of tacos (tapas style) and shared.  Frickin' YUM!Went in during happy hours perfect time, not to busy but also not dead. Started off with some beer from a decent craft beer menu. Ordered the nachos with spicy pork and couldn't have made a better choice,Perfect amount of food we paired it with the duck tacos and the lamb tacos and some spicy mango margaritas. Solid spot for a quick bite and good timeI'd only been here once before. On a rainy Wednesday afternoon it was quiet and the bartender was quite attentive of my friend and I. I ordered the Roasted Corn Soup and the Nachos with no meat. I came for the soup- Tortilla originally but the bartender told me it was a good day for the corn soup. I made the best choice. It was so delicious! I'd eat that shit all day. As for the nachos, the freshest nachos I've had in the entire city. They even brag about their cheese being expensive on the menu. I'd go back again and again. Corn soup don't go, boo!Soon after moving to Fishtown, I was introduced to this gem of a restaurant.  The menu is dominated by an abundant array of tacos and other mexican fare.  It's one of the few places that serves more than one kind of taco per protein, i.e., multiple kinds of fish or chicken.  There is also an excellent variety of vegetarian options.
And the Nachos.  The Nachos are to die for.  I recommend them for every visit.
Bar wise, they have an excellent rotating draft list that heavily favors micro/craft beers.  I have reports from my fiance that the margaritas are also excellent.
They also have an amazing brunch with fantastic heuvos rancheros and a great breakfast burrito.  An added plus is that there's almost no crowd at 10am.
The one downside is that the service can be a little spotty.  I've definitely felt forgotten at the end of a meal there.  No service disasters, but I've had to wait a little too long to pay my check once too many times. 
All in all this is the place I recommend most to people visiting Fishtown.  You should go too.Can't say I was blown away. Great drink menu/beer list. Great taco options. I love the corn at almost every taco place I've been to. This one was like the tiniest thing Ive ever seen. Each bite was literally NOTHING. So that annoyed me, mind you corn on the cob is not in season, so maybe don't offer it when it's that disappointing. I don't know. Great service and atmosphere though.Great tortilla soup. Chicken tinga taco very good. Great late night dinner spot. I swear.Amazing!!!!!! Best Mexican in a long time!!!! The ceviche is incredible, the chorizo cheese is out of this world
The margaritas are very good but the frozen strawberry is a most try..... but do not go home without trying the mahi mahi tacos you will DIE and go to heavenExcellent selection of belgian beers and delicious
Tacos...what more could you ask for? Friendly and prompt service staff made the whole experience 5 star. Going to come back next time I'm in Philly! Pictured are the Mahi Mahi tacos.First time here, was unaware that they were associated with Jose Pistola's (one of my favorite spots in Center City), so I was pleasantly surprised when I found this out. 
Met my friend for some drinks, food, and football on a Sunday. Beer selection was excellent, offer a lot of different bottles, cans, and drafts. 
Food menu had a lot of intriguing choices. At Joes Pistola's I always tell people to go there and get the Pulled Pork Nachos because they are some of the best I've ever had...so naturally we ordered those here as well. Delicious. 
The Tuna Guac was reccomended but my friend won't eat tuna, so we went with the plantains which were incredible and the Green Curry Wings, also very different and tasty.
All in all it was a great experience. I'm glad I now know this spot it here as I'm in the Northern Liberties area frequently, especially during my summer/tequila season! Solid Job to Sancho and it's employees who were all very helpful and friendly.