in general, LOVED the food!
...however....
OMFG!!!!!  Wonton Soup! WONTON Soup! WONTON SOUP!!!
"Sure", your thinking "It's only wonton soup. Big deal." No, no, no. I've NEVER had such a fantastic experience from such an ordinary staple of Chinese Restaurant Universe. First the wonton wrapper is thin and delicate. The broth is light and tasty! as not to fight with the wontons. Oh! Dear Lord! Let me tell you about the WONTON. The first time my wife and I ate at Sang Kee, naturally I ordered the wonton soup. expecting the "usual" fare.
The waiter placed a large bowl of soup before me. My first clue that these little jewels bathing in ta golden broth,  was they are not the usual thick, triangular wads of dough filled with an ground pork with way too much chives. 
Instead, I was presented with beautiful, round, delicate little wontons. My first bite was the MOST WONDERFUL FLAVOR AND TEXTURED MORSEL I've EVER ATE! "I'm not exaggerating"  The flavor was much different than I had ever experienced before. First, the pork in the wonton has a roasted, almost smoky flavor, accompanied with two little, perfectly sized, whole shrimp (imagine a sandwich (shrimp/pork/shrimp) in each dumpling. 
The wrapper, OH! the wrapper, is so light and delicate you actually taste the filling first BEFORE the wonton wrapper. The broth is light flavorful and satisfying.
This in absolutely when The whole is truly greater than the sum of its parts.
 I LOVE YOU, LITTLE WONTONS
NealI've been going to this place since I was a kid visiting Philly with my parents. The food is the reason why I still go today! Huge portions to split with your family and friends. The only thing they need to work on is to have a more attentive staff. Doesn't bother me too much, but a 10 minute wait until the waiter greets you while you're hungry feels like an eternity! Other than that.. place is awesome with amazing food!This place is a corner shop and easy to find. I ordered the duck and roast pork noodle soup. It's delicious and authentic. To take home, I ordered a whole duck and while ginger garlic chicken both $20 each. If I'm ever I'm the area, I'll definitely be back.Food is awesome, its fairly packed most of the time and they provide great customer service. But they are over priced compare to other places in Chinatown with the same quality and service. I would recommend it every once in a while.A quick bite after going to Franklin Institute (saw Sang Kee mini stall at the Reading Terminal during lunch). Had the duck noodle soup and wife had the short ribs Taiwanese special.  She loved it (not to my taste however), but the duck is great!  Afterwards, the do give you the mini scoop of ice cream (you can order regular scoop if you want), which are 100x better than fortune cookies or oranges. We got 3- coconut, chocolate mint and green tea.Worst place ever. If I could put a 0 star, I would. Food has gotten worse over the years. Customer service is nonexistent. Manager was extremely rude. Does not want to accommodate guest. It's like they don't care. My family and I will never go back!We held our family reunion here and gathered on the 2nd floor.  What a group we gathered.
The staff was great.  They worked with our crazy schedule and requests and even helped to take pictures.
As always the timing was off so they were patient and made the food after we got done with announcements, games, and introductions.
They have a preset menu for banquets.  Duck (of course), chicken with beans, shrimp, rice, noodles but my group doesn't eat much meat and Mr. G and I are eating vegan so we altered the menu a bit.
The spring rolls and veggie pan fried dumplings - both so yummy.
The tofu was cut into big chunks so it was a softer than I like it.  The pan fried noodles and mixed veggies were great.
The room was long and narrow and it fit us all.  What a great time.if you are looking for quantity rather than quality for your buck, this place is good. 
my friends and i got the set dinner for four. we had five people eat the prefixed dinner and we still had left overs. the set dinner had honey walnut shrimp and i'm usually a huge fan but it tasted stale. The chicken with eggplant was good though. 
my friends and i sat near the tv on the second floor. it was hard to get the attention of our waiter. i waved my hands several times but gave up. one of my friends had to walk up to a waiter. 
the duck was good but i was disappointed that it didn't come with the fluffy white buns. instead we were given these tortilla looking wraps (my Chinese friend said this was authentic but I personally prefer the white fluffy buns). 
the free ice cream was nice. they gave us a variety of ice cream scoops on a plate. there was coconut, red bean, green bean, and ginger. the ginger (orange/yellow colored one) was gross. the others were good.Great food and best service!!! Thanks Nicole!!! You rock... I really enjoy the whole experience. Never disappointed!!! Been coming here for over 20 years and now I have a favorite waitress. Nicole great job!!!There are only 5 words you MUST say to your waiter upon entering... "Duck, Pork, Wonton, Noodle, Soup" and I give you a 100 percent guarantee you will be receiving one of the greatest chinese soups that you have ever had. Sang Kee is easily one of the best Chinese restaurants you will go to. I've always ordered the soup there because it's a bit of their specialty- but people i've taken have ordered other dishes and they never disappoint.
The decor is decent as it isn't a hole in the wall- and their more formal dining room is pretty standard upstairs but for a lunch or very casual date it never ceases to satisfy. In fact your significant other will be so surprised that you are in the know with such a great place. 
Superior quality food at a great price. Nuff Said.I really don't know why Sang Kee was so empty when we went on a Sunday late morning. Well no complains there, since we had all the service and attention to ourselves for the most part of our visit until someone else came in. 
Without question, the duck is a must-try. The skin is roasted to a crispy texture and the meat tender and flavorful. On a typical day the half duck would be perfect for 2. But some times I wanted variety, so on those days I would go for the quarter duck, plus other dishes. 
Tried their wonton soup as well, the wontons are handmade and delicious, though I found the soup a tad too salty for my liking (that is usually the trend for most places so take that with a pinch of salt *literally*) Love the congee with century egg and pork. It's a classical breakfast item that is wonderfully done. The freshly made fried dough stick complements the congee really well. 
All in all we had a wonderful brunch before heading home, and whenever we are in the area we will stop by for some awesome Chinese food!Very good, prompt service.  Crispy calamari were delicious.  Duck spring rolls were yummy.  The broth in both the won ton soup and the shrimp dumpling noodle soup had a very pungent, bad smell that I couldn't get pass.  I would definitely go again I just wouldn't order of the soups.We wanted something different in Philadelphia and decided to hit Chinatown.  If you've never been to Philly's Chinatown (I hadn't), it's really nice. Tons of options.  Fun to walk around.  I've been to Chinatowns everywhere (San Francisco, Oakland CA, Victoria BC, Chicago, NYC, DC (DC's sucks), Honolulu... and even Hong Kong and Kowloon), but somehow missed Philadelphia's until this past weekend.  I recommend it if you're in town. We were looking for Peking Duck and this restaurant seemed the most recommended.  It was boisterous and busy... 3 floors... we waited for about 15 minutes for a table.  But the service was friendly once we were seated.  My son wanted dim sum, so he ordered veggie/pork steamed buns (that came out hot and fresh).  He gave them a thumbs up. We also got "Golden Shrimp with honey coated walnuts" (yummy if you like this dish... it has a mayonnaise sauce).  I wasn't crazy about the fried shrimp  here. I like a lightly battered fried shrimp over this cheaper-seeming crunchy fried shrimp.  But it was nice enough and the rice was perfect.  We also got 1/2 a Peking Duck.  The flavor was incredible.  Truly delicious.  And it was served cold/luke-warm... which I find to be fairly typical in many Chinese restaurants... but my son was disappointed.  He prefers it hot and fresh like at Peking Gourmet Inn in Seven Corners, Virginia (near DC). Still, the flavor of the duck was truly awesome.  The pancakes were a bore... I prefer homemade, smaller ones.  But overall, we loved the experience.  I'd probably try a noodle place in Philly's Chinatown next time, but for Peking Duck, this was great.Today's visit completely changed my feelings about Sang Kee. Service was perfect, food was great. Dan Dan noodles were a solid B+ (vs Han Dynasty's, which are supreme.) Steamed Shanghai Juicy Buns were truly fantastic: toothsome, rich, light, and a tiny bit sweet. I could have done without a million people banging into my chair like a video game as I was eating. But when Chinese food is delicious, I can live with it. Cash only.Came here for wonton soup and duck because I heard it was good.  So after a 15 min trek to this place in ice cold weather I devoured the wonton soup.  Noodles were cooked perfect, the broth was perfectly flavored and the wontons that I believe were pork n shrimp were delicious and they didn't skimp on them in this $7 soup.  The Chinese broccoli was a nice added touch too.  Now I don't really dig the fat on my meat but I had to try the duck in its Sang Kee style form.  Once I got past that... It was pretty good.Overall an ok restaurant in Chinatown. You are paying a premium but it is a cleaner restaurant that accepts credit card. I've been coming for at least a decade but haven't in the last 5 years. Peking duck is only ok, not quite as crunchy as I would like. They cut it in the kitchen...what knocks a star off is the fact they didn't give me the duck carcass. I ordered a full duck and when I asked for the carcass, the waiter looked at me then said they already threw it away. Um, yeah right a Chinese restaurant threw away a duck carcass, which EVERY Chinese person uses to make porridge. Probably some other employee claimed it. I then asked for the next duck carcass they cut up but that was the last I heard on this topic. 
I also got a pork belly dish with peppers...WAY TOO SALTY 
I think this place has gone down hill over the years.WOW!
I haven't had Peking Duck this good... ever. Tender, juicy, perfectly fried fatty skin are all of the elements you need to make a great Peking Duck. Sang Kee knows what they are doing. 
We ordered a TON of food, I felt like it was never ending. The spring rolls with accompanying hot mustard and duck sauce were fantastic, the green beans were just as good, and the Chinese broccoli.. ugh, I could eat that all day. I wasn't too impressed with the dumplings, they lacked flavor and soy, and the shanghai spicy buns were not spicy. But, the price point for food and alcohol was worthwhile and I will definitely be returning whenever I feel the urge to eat Donald Duck.FYI: Pretty good space for group dinners since their menu is basically set up to be family style.
PROS: Can't really put a "What I Got" section cause Lord knows what the names are of the dishes my mom ordered. But considering the variety, I'd say their menu is pretty diverse in terms of what types of Chinese food they make. Everything tasted pretty okay, nothing like over the top spectacular but nothing like totally inedible either. The authenticity factor was also definitely there. Presentation was lacking a tad bit and could've been better but it's kinda expected at a place like this in Chinatown. Definitely better than the one in University City though, so if you're willing to make the trip, this Sang Kee is the one to be at.
CONS: The place felt a bit....dirty to me. It was pretty sparse in the "welcoming" vibe in both the ambiance and the wait staff.Looks like a cafeteria with service to match, but great traditional chinese food.  Get the Peking duck meal for 2 or 4.The best thing here is the Peking duck no surprise there! Seafood pan fried noodles are plain but the veggies are fresh so that's a nice treat. It's on the light side even though it has a deep fried component to it. Seafood maw soup was also very plain, be careful adding vinegar! Their dispensers are very...... Good at dispensing.... Dandan noodles are HOT! Very hot and kind of boring, would skip. I actually rly liked the string beans with minced meat, it was flavorful. Chicken with crispy skin and garlic seasoning was basically steamed chicken with a little bit of grease. Lacking in flavor however it was boneless. The duck is better (and cheaper) than the chicken. 
Great staff, very prompt and friendly and helpful. The food itself comes out exceptionally fast (aka strangely fast) which is good for people in a hurry. Nothing is too salty or laden with msg so it feels healthier to eat. Food was very inexpensive ($6-16) per dish. Complimentary fortune cookies and ice cream at the end. Fairly clean bathroom. Street parking was pretty easy to find on a late Saturday afternoon (mind you it was rainy) and lots of lots across the street ($10/day roughly). 
Overall an average restaurant, safe choice for a family!Our server was kind and friendly, probably the only plus side of this restaurant. The name of the restaurant is kind of misleading. I was born and raised in Beijing and during my visit to Philly I craved for some hometown food. Then I saw this place on yelp and decided to give it a try. The Peking duck is not authentic at all (except the sauce, but still the sauce is overly sweet). They made the whole duck not in Peking style but Canton style. I received a roasted duck, with very uncrispy skin, and way too juicy lean meat (Peking duck is supposed to be drier for the lean meat), the wrap is too thick and dry, almost like a burrito tortilla. Had I known how they make the duck I would not have visited the place.
Also ordered wonton noodle soup and another rice dish of which I forgot the English name. Wonton noodle soup was fine, the other rice dish was awful.Possibly some of the best Chinese food I've ever had. Try the fried dumplings and roast pork....This is the closest place you will find in Chinatown that serves authentic Beijing (aka Peking) flavored food. Chinese food isn't all the same and Beijing has a unique taste. Their fried rice is awesome, try the Peking ribs, and they have the best fried dumplings in town. Their soup is so good and if duck is your thing, the duck noodle soup is top notch!Didn't try their peking duck but we got beef with egg plants, beef stir fried chow fun, and Singapore noodles. They come in good portion and flavor. I think it is a little on the salty side. But def pretty authentic and inexpensive.We have been going to this place for years and the recent visit wasn't so good. It seems some sort of transitioning may be occurring because the overall cleanness (to include the eating utensils) of the establishment had declined and the food was a little off.  Dumplings a little rubbery, rice with meat dishes taste old.  The food arrived in minutes, so not sure about the preparation.  If this is a frequent/favorite, put this place on watch.  I'm not going back, will switch to Ting Wong.This place is a must if you're in Philadelphia! Yes cheese steak is great, but you don't want to miss out on some great roasted duck! Love this place.This place NEVER disappoints. I love the following: Wonton Noodle Soup, Beef and Vegetable Rice Platter, Pan Fried Dumplings, Roast Duck with vegetable over rice, Roast Duck and Roast Pork noodle soup, snails....gosh I could go on...everything taste sooooo good!Sang Kee serves up delicious, hot, meaty noodle soup at incredible prices and speed.  I have nothing else to day.  Go on a cold day.Came here with friends. We ordered Peking duck which was quite tasty. However we were surprised that the wrapper was Mexican tortillas. I was expecting something more authentic. We also never got the rice we ordered.Best pan fried noodles in town. Duck is solid.AND this place doesn't let you pay with credit card...CASH ONLY.....that sucks!!!First time here. Food is not all that great. Very typical roast pork/duck. Every waiter here hates their job. Walked in with a group of four, and the the lady told us to wait , someone is leaving. Then the waiter comes out of the dining room and strictly says"there are no seats!" A good ten minute wait, we take a peak into the dining room and there are three empty tables. And look what we found? A cricket in our vegetables .I came here with great expectations and left completely disgusted. This duck is dreadful. Fatty, carved horribly, with pancakes taken out of a plastic bag. I even saw the chef pour the Hoisin Sauce out of a large can. The whole experience was absolutely putrid.This place is the OG peeking duck house. I love this place; a go to for the roasted duck wonton noodle soup. It is to die for... The price is very reasonable and it's really filling. My friends and I also got the full duck and it is a lot of food so come hungry if you want the whole duck. Softahell crabs are also in season and for a low price of $20, you can enjoy fried softshell. The only thing is that this place is pretty small and crowded because so many people come to eat. Make sure when you come, the whole party that you want to sit with are there or else you will not get seated. 
I can't say much bad things about this place; it's my second go to in Chinatown.Not impressed. After reading a lot of excellent reviews about this place, I decided to order (delivery). The food was way overpriced and none of it was that good. We had the sang kee fried rice, the general tso's chicken, and the pan fried noodles. The fried rice was bland, there was no spice to the chicken. The chicken was also fried in a way that I'm not familiar with- fried as a whole breast and then cut into strips? I will say that it was nice to actually see white meat chicken, not covered by thick, fried batter. The noodles were ok, but they don't travel well. Overall, dinner was expensive and disappointing.I have been to this restaurant twice and both time was greatly satisfied. The first I went, I went with a group of friends and shared the prix fixe peking duck meal for 4. Everything was done perfectly. The string beans were the unexpected star of the show. Service is incredibly nice and accommodating. Second time I went I ordered a roast duck and pork platter. Didn't disappoint. For less than ten bucks for a mountain of meat rice and veggies, it can't be beat.Definitely an icon in Chinatown for their shrimp dumpling soup, peking duck, roast pork, and fried dumplings.  I've been coming here since 1995 and everything about this restaurant hasn't changed beside the prices.  The food still tastes the same and what can I say, I wasn't disappointed.  Order this and you'll be in for a treat if you have a big appetite, you can also share it with friends: Shrimp dumpling soup only, Roast pork and roast duck with Rice and vegetables, half order of Peking duck (BOMB), Fried dumplings OR the fried shrimp dumplings.  Good to fill up a party of 2 and you guys get to share the best things on the menu. Don't forget: CASH ONLY!I visited on a weekday around 4 for an early dinner which meant the place wasn't very busy. After deciding on 2 dishes (half a Peking duck and something else, I can't remember) we placed our order. However, it took the waiter 20 mins before coming back to us to tell us they ran out of ingredients for one of the dishes. So we chose something else instead, pan fried noodles. The Peking duck came out first. Pretty standard duck but I really wished the server took the extra 5 seconds of his time to ask us if we wanted the pancake or buns to go with the duck. We revived the pancake, when what we actually wanted were the soft buns. The last complaint I have is that I had to ask a 2 different servers for the check because the first one completely forgot (remember, the restaurant wasn't busy). Overall, food was average and service was bad.My favorite chinese restaurant.  Cheap, good fast service, amazing food, convenient location, plenty of tables, vegetarian options, huge menu, great place to stop in after or before a movie, or before going out in the city.  See you there soon!!One of the Best duck out there. Typical china town service.  Roast duck, roast pork over rice. It's bangin. ;)The vegetables were a little on the oily side and the wonton noodle soup was very bland. I put red vinegar, chili oil, and soy sauce in attempt to make it better. It didnt help. The egg noodles were also overcooked. Their peking duck wasnt too bad, the skin was crispy, but it lacked a bit of the duck taste. My friend also ordered the fried wontons, which tasted completely different from the soup wontons. If you ever crave them, please get the fried ones and not the one that comes with soup.
One of our bowls was dirty so we had to ask them to switch. The service was quite alright and not too slow.For authentic Chinese food you definitely need to visit Sang Kee. This place is such a hit with my relatives when they visit from Australia, Singapore, and UK. My relatives loves their duck and it seems to be the best. My parents loves the duck, roast pig, and their wonton soup. Their wonton and shrimp dumplings is the traditional Cantonese dumplings you get in Hong Kong.
My husband and I usually make a visit to Sang Kee on the weekends for their roast pig and rice platter or duck. There is so much to love about Sang Kee and now our friends love Sang Kee as much as we do. The prices are great.Deliciousness perfected.  Great corner location. Bustling, bright, bare bones decór, sang kee focuses all of their attention on good service and classic dishes. I recommend ~ duck rolls;  Shanghai noodle; half & full duck ~served with traditional steaming hot pancakes, fresh scallion and special sauce. Fried shrimp dumplings, can't go wrong, they are out of this world. Full bar, as well.The worst Chinese food ever......The duck was nothing but bones. The wonton soup with noodles was tasteless and the noodles were so soggy they must of been sitting in a pot all day. I never tasted or have seen the fried rice we were served. Never again.Wonton soup was a great start to the meal. Followed by delicious crispy dumplings and then the duck, I couldn't get enough of the food. The juice that the duck is in makes you want to have more. The wontons in the soup have a slight smoky flavor, which I really liked. First time I went, I couldn't decide what to get since the menu had so many choices. Too bad it's located in Philly, and that I live almost 1200 miles away in Boca Raton. 
Me and my dad stopped in Phila for a few days as a separate vacation from our trip to Manhattan. We tried many restaurants, from Ralph's to Pat's, and we were in for several treats. But Sang Kee was the highlight of our excursion. This was my favorite restaurant in Philadelphia by far. I hope I can come back here soon for more tasty duck.I find that whenever I order form here the food is always good and consistent.  The best duck in chinatown. the service is ok but they are also busy during dinner and lunch hours. definitely worth visiting.We stopped in here after catching Jersey Boys in January.  We were in town celebrating our anniversary and this was one of my bookmarks after seeing all the great reviews.  Sadly (and I guess luckily), out of all the places we tried, Sang Kee was the only disappointment.
We went in late at night and ordered the shrimp dumpling soup, fried shrimp dumplings, and some snow pea leaves.  Both shrimp dumplings tasted off and I was beginning to get paranoid (since I'm pregnant) but realized that they were just very heavy-handed with the bamboo shoots.  I'm used to the more authentic Cantonese ones that may have bamboo as an ingredient but not as a predominant one and/or overpowering in bamboo flavor.  The veggies were good, but definitely overpriced.
Service was a miss.  It was hard to get the attention of any one of the 4 servers sitting together near us chatting it up.  The place was dirty (not that I've ever really had great Chinese food in a really clean establishment too...hahaha).
This was definitely a miss and not worth a second visit.This place is consistently awesome. Seriously the best dan dan noodles in the city without a doubt.Looking for cheap eats?  You found the place!  Looking for good food?  Not here!  Looking for an experience that will make you thirsty for..... more water?  You get it here!  What am I talking about your probably wondering?   Well, how can I simply put this.  This place is OVERRATED!!!  Food is eh!  Overly salted and extra oily food is not good eats!!  When you walk out of the place, you will be dying of thirst!  They use salt as if its going outta style.  I'll pass on this place, and I pass on it everytime I walk by.  Choose somewhere else thats less hyped about.    The water was tasty though!!!
Happy Eating!!Had the Shrimp Dumpling Noodles.  There are 3 components in a good dumpling Soup: 
1. Soup:  I thought it was a chicken soup base.  The soup was clear but I didn't taste any shrimp nor the classic Dai Day Fish (a type of dried fish).  
2. Noodles:  Noodles should have a good chewiness to the noodles.  I thought the noodles may have been cooked alittle too long.  
3. Shrimp Dumpling:  It was okay.  My main comment was that the dumpling skin was broken in almost every dumpling. This means either the dumpling was cooked too long or the skin was too thin.  Either one is not good.  Also, I didn't taste any chinese chives.  
Overall, the noodle soup was not anything to write home about.  I heard that roast duck is famous here.This is one of my favorite go to Snacks when I'm craving some simple old school favorites with a bit more love in the prep. I love their  mooshu pork and roasted pork with green veggies. Their wonton soup and dumplings are good too. 
My husband once got something that was Szechuan influence. It just made me want Han Dynasty or Dan Dan so I stray away from Szechuan. Everything else on this menu is good to go! My friend loves the pecking duck.Despite dirty table settings and sub-par service (...it's chinatown, what do you expect?), Sang kee  is the place to go for roasted duck, hands down. Just be sure to order it as take out so you don't get skimped on your duck meats! It's probably more sanitary that way too, considering the duck won't be placed on a plate that was washed half-ass..assed? Assedly?It was a late Sat night in Philly and we were attacked by hunger. The only place open was this Chinese restaurant and we decided to get a taxi to get b4 they closed. The place was still somewhat pack. When I tried to order a pork soup, our waiter told us that they ran out of it and that if I wanted duck!.. I said no, that chicken should be fine. When he brought my soup, the meat didn't look anything like chicken but they swear it was. The soup didn't have no flavor and when I tried to eat the noodles they tasted HORRIBLE! i couldn't eat the soup at all. Since it was close to closing, he was trying to rush us and brought our bill even before we were done. Thankfully, we didn't eat anything so we made it quick for them. At the end, he brought ice cream, I guess to compensate for not having pork. It was a nice gesture- after all, It was the only thing that tasted good.The best soup award goes to Sang Kee's Roast Pork Wonton Noodle soup.  Order that with a couple Peking Duck Rolls and there is nothing better.  Sometimes I pick up a whole chopped duck and a lb of roast pork to take home when I'm passing through the city because it's right near the Ben Franklin bridge off of Vine.This is our favorite place for Peking Duck in Philadelphia.  Sang Kee never disappoints with crispy duck skin, juicy meat, delicious sauce and scallions.  They use the tortilla type pancakes, so if you are looking for more of the steamed bun wrapper, you will not find it here.  We took a big group and got a whole duck - mmmm!
We also got a ton of other tasty dishes - fish ball noodle soup (savory and delicious!), shanghai rib special, spicy flounder and tofu (really spicy - yes!), mushroom, pork and crispy tofu (really great fried tofu, but eat it quick, as the sauce on top will make the fried crispiness less so), a second dish with the remaining duck of green beans and duck (my favorite way to enjoy green beans I think), and a magnificent walnut shrimp  with walnuts bigger than I've ever seen!  We also got chicken fried rice, which could have used a little more time in the wok and was my least favorite, but everything else was spot on!
They serve a good selection of beer, as some places in Chinatown don't serve alcohol.  And I guess since everyone is comparing, yes, I've had Peking Duck in Beijing many times, but if you're in Philadelphia, this is the place to go.  Yum!I had a really great time overeating at Sang Kee!!! I recommend the Seafood Birdsnest, it was loaded with really fresh and tasty scallaops, shrimp, calamari, and white fish. Really nice dish. The Dumpligs were a great starter too, one day i'm gonna figure out how to make dumplings at home. The best part of the meal was the Peking Duck!!!! don't miss ordering the duck if you go to Sang Kee, that would be a huge mistake....it's rediculously good, and come to you cooked in i think 3 ways each as good as the other. The Peking Duck somehow made me a better person.i have been to sang kee about 3 times now, and every time, it gets just a little bit better than the last. the service is quick, but the wait for a table is sometimes over 30minutes..they need more tables in there!
the inside is sketchy and quite sticky, but the duck does not disappoint!One of my favorite places to get great Chinese food.  Friendly service too.
Must try the Peking duck roll or the Salt Baked Shrimp, Scallop & Squid in Five Spice.  I think every dish is pretty good (and I'm a bit of a Chinese food snob).  I've introduced all my friends to the deliciousness. of Sang Kee.I would be remiss if I didn't review this exceptional gem in Philadelphia's Chinatown. 
The signature Peking duck approaches the platonic ideal for that dish, with crispy skin covering moist, tender meat. The accompanying sauce is well balanced, neither overwhelming, nor being dominated by, the duck. (Be sure to apply it sparingly though.) 
The Shanghai pork ribs were amazing. (We think it was prepared in five spice sauce.) The ribs are braised to perfection, and are served with bok choi. 
The Chinese broccoli is a nice vegetable option, but bear in mind that it is loaded with ginger. 
Prices are reasonable and service is attentive.This place is pretty good. I have a cilantro allergy ( I know weird). When I go to Asian or Mexican restaurants, I tell the waitress and waiters up front. I ordered ramen here. They promised me no cilantro. The dish came with cilantro.they were very willing to fix it. I ended up ordering the lemon sesame chicken. I'm so glad I did. It was the best sesame chicken I've ever had. I want to go back and order it again. On a secondary note, the bathroom was weird. It over looks i95, I walked in to just wash my hands, but there's no window shade. Very weird and a little never wracking... But not a deal breaker. I'll just use a different bathroom next time!Not sure why everyone likes this place so much.  I ate the Peking duck, green beans with xo sauce, and the steamed dumplings.  Didn't think anything was spectacular.  The service was so so.  Tables were not kept clean.  My beans had a lot of broken clam shells in it, don't think that's supposed to be accompanying the dish!I love Sang Kee for my roast duck fix! Every now and then I crave some good roast duck over rice and this is the place I go. The duck is good. Generous portions and not too fatty. The wontons are great too. The skin is delicate and the fillings to wrapping ratio is perfect. My mom has complained about the fried noodles being a little too greasy here but the flavors are good. And what Asian mom doesn't complain about grease anyway. Definitely get some roast duck over rice or with some wonton noodles! Service is always fast and friendly. We're in and out in under an hour. Complimentary tea and fruit/fortune cookie after your meal.Best Peking duck!!! I always order it with the buns instead of the pancakes and it's always delicious every time.Could have been because I ordered it take out and /or that they were very busy, but my food was not that good. I ordered chicken with mixed vegetables and I asked for garlic sauce instead of brown sauce. The veggies were over cooked and the sauce was a tasteless mass of brown water passing as  gravy. The hot and sour soup was equally tasteless, more heat hot than anything else  I enjoyed the spring rolls which were light crispy and tasty.This place was worst than the Chinese take-out place across the street from me in inner city Baltimore.  Our food was so inedible that I actually boxed up all of it and gave it to some friends in the city.  They are "famous" for their duck but their roast duck tastes like duck I've had at any other restaurant, not sure what the big deal is.  
When we ordered their fried dumplings, they were unlike any others dumplings I've had (in a bad way).  They tasted like deep fried empanadas- the skin was a half moon circle of weird skin and instead of pan frying them, they stuck them in a deep fryer, so it was super oily and gross- we only ate one and left the rest.  The string beans were tossed in this thick sauce that tasted like it was right out of a jar- every bite was covered in salty, thick sauce, nasty.  Their chow fun, or flat noodles, the same thing, mushy noodles in a thick.  Nothing here tastes like it's fresh or made in-house, it tastes like they take the cheap way out and pour everything out of a bottle.
The duck comes with a platter of string beans and sauce so we double ordered, and it didn't taste good either.  Not fresh, over sauced, and inedible.Still fantastic after like 20 years! Everything is good. I had fish ball noodle soup and then more soup with dumplings. Plus special crispy Peking Duck with pancakes etc and 2nd course to go for later!I've been going to Sang Kee for my entire life and I refuse to eat anywhere else in Chinatown. Their roast pork wonton noodle soup is THE best. I don't think in the 25 years I've been eating there I've had anything that wasn't delicious. When I was little and my mom let me choose where I wanted to eat, I always said "Sang Kee"....but she already knew. Seriously, my in-laws even liked this place and that's saying something! I think the reason some people aren't into this place is because they don't serve what many people think of as "Chinese food", meaning their food isn't the same as the takeout place around the corner. You can't even compare Sang Kee's food to takeout places (even though they do do take out!) because it's just sooooo much better!By far the best Peking duck in the city.  This is my favorite restaurant to go to for dinner when visiting Chinatown in Philadelphia. The restaurant is open late and service is always quick. I prefer going during the weekdays, as it can get busy and a bit stuffy during the weekends.
I always begin my meal with the shrimp dumping soup. The dumplings are fresh and taste similar to shrimp shumai, floating in a very flavorful duck broth. If you are a fan of eggplant, the beef and eggplant dish is also delicious.  Other favorites are the salt baked scallop and squid, and of course the Hong Kong style peking duck. The duck is very juicy, with crispy skin. I always ask for extra white rice, to devour all the food with!
If you come to this restaurant as often as I do, ask for their reward card. You get a point for every dollar spent. At 200 points, you get $5 off your next meal. Not too bad for food that is already very cheap!Food (9.0/10) = Bottom line, this place serves fantastic Cantonese fare.  Been here numerous times during many visits to Philly.  The consistent winner for me is the Peking duck served with pancakes, scallions and plum sauce.  The skin is thin and crispy.  Most of the fat under the skin has been nicely rendered off.  The meat is tender and juicy.  Constructing your flour pancake purses filled with duck meat, thinly slices of scallion and plum sauce is rewarding.  You have the option of the half-duck platter ($20) or the whole-duck platter ($30).  You also have the option of adding a second course to this grand duck feast for a few more dollars. (~$2?).  This second course utilizes the remaining duck meat not served with your panckes, tossed in the wok with green beans.  
Other dishes:
1) Pickled chili steamed flounder fillet (Hunan style) = simply wow! The white fish fillets are flaky and delicate.  The flavor profile is amazing.  There's some heat.  There's some sourness.  They tell you upfront it will take 20 minutes to prepare this dish.  The wait is worth it.
2) Crispy soft tofu with pork & shiitake mushroom in brown sauce = Silky tofu.  Lightly flash fried to create the crispy exterior while maintaining the soft delicate interior.  Then placed in a bowl of a thick savory sauce, married with thin strips of pork and shiitake mushrooms.  Of all dishes mentioned in this review, this one is ordered every time.
3) Eggplant with chicken and salted fish = a great change up to those who love the popular eggplant dish with garlic sauce.  I think Sang Kee's chefs prepare this dish well, as the chicken is very tender, and you can taste the salted fish.
4) XO Sauce Fish fillet = the least favorite of the mentioned, but still damn good.  For those of who don't know, XO sauce is sort of like the ultimate sauce created with dried scallops, shallots, dried oysters, etc.  Google "XO sauce" for more details.  The only problem I had with this dish recently was that it was a little too salty.  But it is a minor mistake given the excellence of Sang Kee's other dishes.
As for their BBQ meats you see hanging behind the front window of the restaurant, this stuff is equally good, and you can order the meats by itself, or served as small meal rice plates that cost on average $6-7.  I got two roasted pork + Chinese broccoli on rice platters to go before leaving town recently. 
Ambiance (7.5/10) = Typical Chinese BBQ type restaurant.  Roast pork, duck, chicken and other variety of meats hang behind the front window of the restaurant.  As you make your way inside, table are situated laterally.  
Service (7.5/10) = Lot of people working in this restaurant.  You can easily get a waiter if you need one immediately.  The food is prepared quickly, and comes out hot.  This of course is to be expected with wok cooking.
Overall opinion = Having tried multiple restaurants in Philly's Chinatown, Sang Kee Peking Duck House is the best.  The dishes from the "specials" menu are truly special.  The Peking duck served with pancakes, scallions and plum sauce is definitely a must try if you haven't had it already.  
Of note, this is a cash only place.San Kee Peking Duck has the best roast duck I have ever tasted and I have eaten more than my share on both coasts.  Other dishes are equally tasty and of great value.   One cannot go wrong trying each one.  Seafood is outstanding.   I am glad they decided to open one in the Sheraton hotel next to the U Penn campus and another one in Wynnwood.  You will go again and again once you have eaten there.Clean Chinese restaurant and delicious food! All the workers were nice but the food came out rather slow. 
+ Peking Duck: As mentioned in their name, they're obviously famous for Peking duck. It was really good! Comes with buns, sauce, and green onions on the side. You wrap the duck in the bun, put some green onions, and dip it into the sauce. YUM! We ordered the half portion (which was enough for 3 people with two other dishes). Personally can't eat TOO much of the duck.. I get sick of it after a while. 2-3 buns are enough for me. (The half order comes with 4 buns.. which really isn't enough for the amount of duck that comes out. We ordered 4 more buns to make it 8.)
+ Lo Mein Beef: thin stir fry noodles with beef. Normally not a fan of thin noodles but it was surprisingly really good.
+ House Special Fried Rice (pork & shrimp): Very clean tasting fried rice (unlike most Chinese restaurants). Was also really good. 
+ Pork Dumplings: halfway through our meal (above three dishes for three people), we thought it wouldn't be enough so we ordered pork Dumplings. We wanted the soup Dumpling but they said it would take 25 minutes so the waiter suggested pork Dumplings because it would come out a lot quicker. This was NOT what I was expecting. The dumpling peel was super thick and there was this really salty sauce drizzled all over it. The dumpling itself wasn't BAD, but not something I would get again. ** If you're planning to try this, ask for the sauce on the side!!!!Sang Kee Peking Duck House is always hoppin. There's alway a wait, usually about 15-20 minutes no matter when we happen to show up, but so far it's been worth it. During this interim you can spend your time poring over the menu deciding which dishes to order because there are a-plenty to choose from. After each trip to Sang Kee I spend a minimum of a few days starting conversations with, "Next time we go to Sang Kee Peking House maybe we should try..." I get a bit fixated.
I'm a fan of the noodle soups, specifically the roast duck w/ roast pork variety.
We liked the Peking duck too, but I'm particularly mad for the chicken and eggplant in garlic sauce....oh oh and also the cellophane noodle with shredded pork in XO sauce... I gotta stop talking about this now or I'll put on a raincoat and begin the long walk to Chinatown. 
Anyway, part of the appreciation that I have for Sang Kee Peking Duck house is that now I can stop snootilly bemoaning the deficiency of decent Chinese food in my life after moving away from NYC years ago. I'll  cease my borassing for now... "Sang Kee is here for me," I quack.If you want to go eat out with your friends down in Chinatown, this place would be a decent restaurant to eat in. Service was good, and the appetizers were great! The main courses however, are smaller than the restaurants in Chinatown, however despite that flaw, the noodles here are delicious. 
 I ordered a black bean beef noodle, which cost 8 bucks. It was served in a small plate, but the noodles were stacked high in a hill size. The black peppers gave it a good spice, and the noodles were hot and fresh. Wasn't bad. The appetizers I ordered was the fried wonton. Crunchy and meaty with a good dipping sauce! I would come here again with a group ;]I absolutely love this place. I love peking duck and they do it well. Their tourist hype is well earned. I would get 3 other people and definitely order the peking duck dinner for four. It's so much food. Too much food for four people actually, atleast four normal sized people. The walnut shrimp is sweet, the sweet and sour soup is pretty good (and i don't even like that soup), the duck and bean dish was alright, some type of egg plant was great, and of course the king of the dishes was the peking duck with the flour tortilla/hosin sauce/scallions to make a taco of awesome. 
I've ordered other stuff there and have been happy just about every time. It's cash only though I think.Service was great...food was great...worth the walk from hotel. Recommend the duck as well as the squid dish.Visited on a Tuesday evening and was pleasantly surprised to find the place bustling  and hopping with locals. Ordered the roasted duck wonton noodle soup, schezuan beef with peppers (on special menu), and the roasted duck and pork over rice and greens. The wontons in the soup were my favorite thing of the whole night. Perfectly firm and filled with a tasty mix of pork and shrimp. The rest of the soup was ehh and the broth had a bit of a weird aftertaste. I realized after this meal that I may not be a huge fan of duck, a bit too fatty for my taste however, the schezuan beef was really great with a perfect amount of pop. I would come back but would stick to the more traditional menu items. CASH ONLY.I have been coming to this place for years and have  NEVER been disappointed. I never really venture outside of my typical meal (Peking Duck Dinner for 2 or 4 depending on who I go with). Be aware if you've never been to wear something comfortable. The portions are huge, everything comes out fast and  piping hot (which I Love). The waiters and waitresses are very attentive, replenishing drinks and cleaning the table. In sum, this place is a must try.Have eaten here a few times over the years and most recently got takeout for the first time since moving to the city.
Food was ready pretty quickly (~15 minutes) and all came out piping hot.
Overall, Sang Kee delivered on what I remembered in terms of the quality of their dishes. The roast pork was a touch dry, but really flavorful and a little sweet from the marinade they use. Cinnamon on top of the sticky rice that it came with was a unique touch that helped to round out the dish. The half peking duck we got was pretty good, although again a little overcooked. We tried a pair of their 'big bowl soups' and both were enjoyable. The (surprise) star of our order was the eggplant in garlic sauce, which my girlfriend and I finished before anyone else could get seconds. The eggplant was perfectly cooked through without being mushy, and had none of the bitterness that often accompanies the vegetable. 
Prices were all over the board, as our side of eggplant was about $9, but the roast pork with rice and huge soups were $6 and under.
Wouldn't be my go-to for Chinese food, but can definitely see myself craving their roast pork and eggplant w/garlic sauce enough to come back on occasion. Recommend at least trying it!Maybe my mistake was not ordering one of their signature duck dishes.  The food was good overall but flawed.
The fried wantons were solidly good.  However, the single peking duck roll was small and dry for a $3 starter. Most disappointing, the moo shoo pork filling came out in a puddle of juices that led to soggy, disintegrating pancakes.
I will try Sang Kee again, but I'll be more careful in my selection and not repeat any of the dishes from this visit.  What may delay their do-over is being on the far edge of Chinatown and not taking credit cards.  There's plenty to try that's closer and won't require a detour to the ATM.It's always a lovely day in Chinatown, Philadelphia. With so many places to go  and so many delicious smells wafting out of the doors from the neon lit store fronts, I always love to come the corner door at Sang Kee. Once you get used to the low lighting (which I prefer) and the close seating (which is oblong-never a favorite for me) and street side window seating for some tables (yes please!) you will be served tea (don't add sugar, it has so much flavor) and given a menu that is mind blowing. They are known for the duck and noodles so you will see and smell plates and plates of with succulent dancing fragrant smoke bellowing past. My favorite is the fried rice dices. Incredible and the best I've ever had hands down. It will spoil you for fried rice anywhere else. Last time we went we had a mixed seafood spicy dish and a pepper steak dish. The food is beyond, the staff is a fluid serious of young men that serve interchangeably (a system I don't always love but one that works so well here) and they end your visit with a palate cleansing ice cream scoop. I've yet to have a bad experience here and in fact we can't get to try anywhere else because this is our place. This is the place that won't let us down.My opinion has changed with good and bad. The good? They now give you tiny scoops of yummy ice cream as a complimentary dessert.  The bad? The flavors can be hit or miss. For example I ordered a typical roast duck wonton udon noodle soup and it smelled very unusual. Another note is that the soup dumplings take about 15 mins but when they arrive, there is NO soup inside! I always enjoy peking duck but after an order of a whole duck, there was not much more than skin.The food here was pretty bad.
The roast duck skin was tough and the meat had a faint whiff of chlorine or cleaning agent of some sort.  The pea shoots had not been prepped and were tough, although well seasoned and otherwise tasty.  The xiao long bao were the worst!  The frozen ones that you prep at home are wayyyyy better!  And the stuffed eggplant was mediocre at best.
The wait staff was friendly though, I give them an A for effort, but the food was just not very good.I went into Sang Kee today hoping to satisfy a craving for Peking duck but unfortunately it failed. 
I had an order of the Mussels in coconut curry it was top notch, mussels were tender and not chewy and finally when someone lists something as spicy on the menu they deliver on that. 
The duck meat was very tender and juicy, the pancakes you could not have asked for better it was as if they were waiting for me to come through the door to make them, however there was too much fat still under the skin and the skin was good after scraping the fat away but just not crunchy and that was what I was looking for. 
Overall the service was good as well as the mussels and pancakes but I came specifically for the duck that is why I am giving 2 stars instead of 3 because I have had better. Peking Duck House in NY is a great experience if one has the opportunity to go which I will be on Tuesday but I just couldn't hold my horses. I guess if they are the best that Philly has to offer that's what people have to settle for.The duck was delicious, its a duck house so I guess thats a given, but it was delicious. I took my wife and daughter here for chinese new year and for me the food is familiar but for my girls, some of it is an expariment. I had the shrimp wanton noodle soup, big wontons great broth. My wife had the fish ball soup, wich we have had at other places and enjoyed but here the balls were fried first and gave them an over cooked feel to them, a little more bite than we were looking for and had rice noodles instead of the egg noodles she was looking for. I guess I could have specified but I don't speak chinese, I was just looking for what I'd had before. Still good, I'm not saying that I wouldn't eat there againn but, I'm always looking to see if there is something better. Can't go wrong with the duck though.this is just a regular Hong Kong style restaurant, nothing special, dish are so so service are so so - may be even be discriminated.
I order Peking duck, if you know the different between roast duck and Peking duck, they use their roast duck sell for $30.00 as Peking duck.
I also order House Pan Fry Noodle, the noodle is crispy, but the sauce has no taste, I saw a little roast pork, couple shrimp and vegetables, but I did not know what I ate.
last dish is Won Ton Noodle soup, you can taste seafood in a typical Hong Kong style won ton soup, but not this one, you taste pork, no seafood.
my waiter just put dish on my table, then left, but I saw other waiter help other customer put put soup into small bowl, the free ice cream they serve to non- Asian are in bigger scoop........etc. was I discriminated?Used to love this place when I was kid but the quality has fallen dramatically. I had the roast pork wonton soup and the eggs noodles were overcooked and and did not have good texture like they used to in the past. We also ordered their salt fried chicken which were pricy for only 4 wings and the quality was well below average. Don't waste your money on dimsum, it's near robbery.I've been to Sang Kee dozens of times,  and I am shocked that I've never written a review. We always go for the Peking duck which is sublime. Only once did we make the mistake of ordering some other duck dish that was boney and impossible to eat.  Stick with their specialty Peking duck! 
We always get the dinner for two $39.  It comes with the most perfect wonton vegetable soup with tender wontons filled with shrimp.  Next comes the Peking duck. .. tender duck and crispy skin that you wrap in pancakes after you use scallion brushes to slather on hoisin sauce. Divine!
Next is a duck vegetable stir fry and fried rice. By this point we are way overeating but find it almost impossible to stop. 
Sometimes we have ordered the fried shrimp wonton as an appetizer, but if we do,  someone ends up taking a lot of food home.
I love Sang Kee. Efficient wait staff & perfect duck. YUMMY!Not sure if anyone else mentioned it, but you have the try the duck here. Oh wait, it's in their name! Just hope that you get seated upstairs, because the downstairs seating and bathrooms are a mess. Oh, don't bother with the Pad Thai either. Everything else was yummy in my tummy!I just can't justify this place being good anymore. The food is not that good and is never consistent. One time I had a dish that had raw chicken. It's kind of pricey for the portions and their meals come with a tiny bowl of rice. If you want more rice,  they charge you! I don't know when they started doing that but it was the last straw for me. What kind of Asian establishment charges extra for rice!? I will not be returning.Great soup dumplings and duck egg rolls.I've been to this place three times, and every time I've gone I've ordered the Peking duck for two--it comes with pancakes/scallions and a lovely peppers and duck dish. I grow more fond of this place with each visit. It is truly the best duck I have ever eaten. They are very good about deboning. And their plum sauce is unmatched. 
Some tips:
Skip the dumplings--there are good dim sum places in Philly that make far superior dumplings.
Do order fried rice. (The fried rice dish that comes with the "duck for two" entree is great.)
The veggie dishes are HUGE. Order only one for a group.
Be brave and order only duck dishes. You won't be sorry.We ordered take out and it was just OK. The duck, ribs and chicken we ordered were all cold. The food was very greasy. Very underwhelmed. Picked this spot off of Yelp reviews and am disappointed with quality and flavor. Also, overpriced.First: The bathroom was DISGUSTING!!!!! and the floors were slippery throughout the place.
Now, the food was good. I had the duck and it was really good. I just cant get over the gross conditions to warrant another visit.Five stars for value! This is the Chinatown equivalent of a greasy spoon. Big portions, tasty salty spicy flava, super cheap. Not gourmet but why would it be? Also one of the few late-night joints in center city. Try the duck soup!Ok my brother in law said we had to stop here a get something. So we did and the duck was real real good. Now it was very rich in flavor which is fine. But just so you know you won't be able to eat as much as you might like. Which isn't a bad thing that just means you have left overs. This is a must check it out.Been A regular for over 10 years.
They are Popular and consistent.
I go here especially for the house special pan fried noodles with extra honey glazed pork on the side, and egg noodle soup with pork or duck and won tons.I went to the Sang Kee Peking Duck House located within Reading Terminal Market and it was amazing!!  I got the Wonton Soup and it was Out-of-this-world good!  The broth itself was so tasty that you could just keep drinking the broth alone with nothing else. Within the soup there are crispy bok choy and wontons that are slightly salty, but the salt mixes with the broth into a beautiful harmonious joining of flavors in your mouth.   The marinated on the duck is very tasty and it goes well with bok choy and rice that comes with the duck. I definitely suggest trying this!My favorite Peking Duck House in Philadelphia PA. The duck is very good here, and I like to order the steamed buns rather than the thin "crepes" Great noodle soups too. Whenever I'm craving duck in Philly. this is the place I go!This is now our go to spot when we're in the area for lunch! We were told about it by one of the parking enforcement officers about a month ago and have been several times since. Every dish we've had has been great. My husband feels it has the best orange chicken he's had in some time. Tasty duck dishes. Vegetables still a little crisp and flavorful. Staff are friendly, service is quick, even though it's always had quite a few patrons when we've been (we go for lunch). We plan on working our way through the menu!For the price and the amount they give you, this is an excellent choice for a casual dinner especially for soft shell crab or peking duck . 
The duck is awesome. Cooked just right in texture, juicy, has some gamy flavor without being too much, and the broth at the bottom is divine! Make sure to slurp it up like soup.  
The rock shrimp with spicy mayo is a must for any western white palate. Creamy, somewhat sweet, yet has that distinct shrimp taste that's not too wild. It wasn't what I was expecting, but they do a pretty good job with it. 
The soft shell crab could have had more of a pop for flavor, but this was more of a bang for your buck type situation than high quality. You get at least six soft shell crabs on the plate! They had a good amount of breading, with a Creeper heat that stays on the low end of the spectrum. The crab was moist and not a single piece was dry. 
The soup dumplings were decent, but nowhere near dim sum garden's flavor. If you must have soup dumplings, go for it. Otherwise, not something to go out of your way for.The third stop on our culinary tour of Chinatown. We had half a Peking duck, which comes with four pancakes. In other places where I've had Peking duck, the pancakes have been more like naan bread, whereas these were more like flour tortillas. Still very good, and the duck was easily the best I've ever had. The meal comes with a pot of tea for the table and two small scoops of ice cream for dessert (coconut and mint chocolate chip. I would go back in a heartbeat.5 Stars for the duck! I love the roast duck. We drive here at least once a year from Maryland. We eat a lot and take a lot home to go. My boyfriend really enjoys the mi wonton soup too. I enjoy the mi with soy sauce chicken.
As for the service, 3 stars. These guys are laa-dee-daa sometimes. You kind of have to raise your voice just to get their attention. They never really ask you if you want refills on your drinks or if the food was alright. Seems like they could careless. I usually don't like sitting in the downstairs portion of the restaurant because its a bit drafty and the tables are icky. I prefer sitting in the upstairs because its less congested and more peaceful while eating.Food is really good. Quite different form other Chinese restaurants I have been to. I would definitely recommend this place to others. Food is not overly priced either.I would have to say that this is my favorite chinese restaurant now. I used to declare my love for another restaurant nearby but under new ownership, it just isn't the same. I know there are several other Sang Kee's in philly/suburbs, but the original one is definitely the best. Our favorite dishes here are the duck/wonton noodle soup, snow pea leaves w/ roasted garlic, and salt baked seafood. We tried their fried soft shell crabs for the first time yesterday and it was very scrumptious. The dipping sauce for it was also really tasty although you don't need it. I like how they made the soft shell crabs with peppers (green and jalapeno), onions and golden raisins. This will definitely be our go-to place in chinatown. The only bummer with this restaurant is that it is no longer a BYO. =(Sang Kee has won my vote for the best peking duck. The duck meat is super juicy and flavorful while the skin is nice and crispy. I would definitely recommend getting their wonton soup and any of their vegetable stir fry dishes. Overall service and food was over the top.Dear Sang Kee,
I've been patronizing your main and satellite locations for over 20 years. Please stop conducting reverse racism against your fellow Asian man. If you continue to do so, please at least start accepting credit cards. I'm sure the IRS will appreciate that. 
Mr Lee HoI have been here many times and still a patron of this place. One of the specialty is the roasted duck. It is that good and a must when you to sang Kee. The wonton noodles with roasted duck is also very good.
Lately, I have become a take out person. Beef chow Ho fun is a beef flat noodle stir fry. This is the best in philly. I have tried it at many other places and it is just ok. Here it taste perfect each time.
Seafood pan fried noodles is another dish that is great. Crispy noodles with the gooey thick seafood veggie sauce on top of the noodles gives it a perfect bite of flavors.
Service here is ok. Parking is crazy but the option of the parking lot across the street makes it that much better.One of our go to places for lunch. Good is always great and the prices are great! I would have given 4 stars easy but our service wasn't great. Our waiter acted like we were a bothered.  We had to ask if we could order drinks and he only took two orders down, we were a party of four. I asked for the check and then 10 mins later I had to ask for my card back. I am hoping it was a one off thing. Because I really do like this location out of all of them.Honestly, when my husband and i don't feel like cooking and just want good, satisfying food without all the bells and whistles, we think of this place...also the price is definitely nice, especially for the portion sizes. Get appetizers at your own risk because the entrees will fill you up. 
My husband loves their scallion pancakes and I'm a sucker for their rice dishes, especially the ones with pork. (This place is also great for take out but the line inside near the door can be off putting since there is no one really to direct you, you just have to be bold and walk to the front) 
The atmosphere is chill, staff is quick, attentive without being intrusive and annoying and polite.Great Chinese. Loved the roast chicken and soups. Would have given 5 stars but whole Peking duck was rip off. Great flavor but all fat and no meat. Rest of meal was great value and quality. Service was also very good and place is cleanwent here for dinner to meet the girlfriend's family for the first time...  was quite amused by how much they attempted to shove beef and poultry down her vegetarian throat... and as a double bonus for me it seems they ordered every meat dish on the menu.
the peking duck was delicious, and i enjoyed it more than the roast duck.  the flounder dish we had was also very good, but i was informed by gf's mother that it was sub-par compared to how it normally tastes.  the won ton soup was also incredibly delicious.  definitely the best won ton soup i have ever had.What's weird about this place is that , the good one are extremely good ! The bad ones are extremely ewwww.  
I always get the wonton noodle soup, the shrimp wontons are really tasty and the broth is really good to. The noodle is mediocre, if you are not that hungry , I suggest ditch the noodle. 
duck- probably one of the best , i recommend getting the duck alone , not the rice platter. 
DO NOT get the dim sum, they are slow , it takes them forever and they taste bad. taste like those frozen ones from the asian markets.
Braised Beef brisket ! you must try this , I love it so much.This is by far the best Peking Duck in Philly.  The duck is so tender and juicy--it literally falls off the bone.  And can you say CHEAP?!  Roast Duck with rice and veggies for $6.50!!!  I'm hooked on this place!  
The only thing that I would have to criticize would be the layout.  If you don't like crowed places be sure to order take out, because they maximize their space.  And when I say maximize, I mean the person's chair behind you is inches away from hitting yours.I'm not from this area but my family has been coming to this restaurant for years. I never wanted to go because I thought it was overly hyped. I decided to give it a try when I was in China Town and the food was nothing short from delicious. I tried getting dishes with a lot of greens and I wasn't disappointed. The food was so good that I ended up getting take out for lunch the next day. I would come back here next time I'm in town.I love this place.  It's tasty and fresh.  Atmosphere isn't great- but typical city restaurant bustle.  Parking across the street is convenient, though pay. I like the General Tso's Shrimp.  
Still, could improve so no 5 stars.  But I really enjoy this place.Excellent food. I had general tso chicken. Real white meat chicken. Sauce is perfect. Not too spicy but had a kick. I also had won ton soup that was tasty.  Service was good.I stopped in here on a rainy day in Philly based on the Yelp reviews.  It's located on the fringe of Chinatown.  
Don't know about the other floors, but the ground floor by Chinese restaurant stsndards is gorgeous -- it's clean & modern w/large plate glass winows which provides creat lighting as well as views outside.
I alsochose the bbq pork & roast duck won ton mein soup based on Yelp reviews.  The bbq pork & duck are as to be expected if you're from SF or NY but the won ton is to die for !!!
I've grew up in SF and often helped my mother make won ton.  The size, texture & taste of that won ton is the standard by which I measrure ALL won ton.  Sam's in SF on Polk served won ton equal to my mother's but unfortunately (for me) that restaurant closed a couple of years ago & I've been looking for another place w/won ton as good ever since.
Well, looks like I've found it in Philly!!!   Their won tons have just the right mixture of pork, shrimp & seasonings. They are not too big or too small (the more common problem) and are not too dense (also a common problem).  
Never thought I'd have a reason to move to Philadelphia but Sang Kee just gave me one.  Next time I'm just going to have bbq pork won ton w/o the mein so that I can just have more of their delicious won ton!!!!I tried this restaurant based on positive yelp reviews. I was disappointed. The duck with rice was fair but not worth going back for. The spicy fried squid was very close to inedible. It was over battered and over coooked.Get the Peking duck for two!!  If you want delicious and inexpensive take out you can get a Peking duck to go for $10.  The wonton soup is amazing. A rich chicken broth loaded with fresh vegetables and delicious wontons. The fried rice is hands down the best fried rice I've ever eaten. And on top of all this the staff is friendly and attentive!!!  You can't go wrong if you want the Chinatown experience of great food.  They prove that Chinese food can be great and is nothing like the dreadful Americanized Chinese food at malls or that serve buffets.The first real and best Chinese restaurant in Philadelphia. Love this restaurant for 30 years. Joe Poon was the chef when I first started coming. It's still an all time favorite . Duck, roast pork, fried wontons , wonton noodle soup. Life is still good. Still a stone cold bargain.Been eating here since I was a toddler, been around so long, The BEST Peking duck EVER, Had it in other Chinatowns, not same flavor. Their Roast duck won-ton soup -great, too. When its available, crunchy roasted pork..OMG!! the best.. prices are very reasonable!!! 
2 can eat for $12.00-16.00 best prices around!!this is my family's go-to chinese place. I love the peking duck, braised beef noodle soup and peking spare ribs. These three are a recurring order in my family. 
Though recently, paying for the gas to go there, the toll and the parking is murderous, we kind of stop going for a while (we're in nj). But I swear, if this was closer to our house, most of the food that we'll eat will come from here.  But for now, we'll just live off buying peking duck form the asian food mart in nj at half the price for sang kee. Its not as good, cause this is my fav place peking duck, but it'll have to do.Peking duck for two, good, not great.  
Ambience -- zero, even by Chinatown standards.  I was glad there was a TV nearby, that says it all.
Hygiene -- negative.  Table half-heartedly wiped, smears all over it.  Men's room horrible and it was still only 6 pm on a Saturday.
Tea -- undrinkable.  Pot was missing the opener, too, just a bare screw sticking upwards, not an inspiring start to the meal.
There have to be a dozen restaurants better than this in Chinatown.  The hygiene issue was serious enough that it will keep me from ever wanting to return.  What about the stuff you don't see?  No thanks.SangKee is my go-to if I have no idea what I want to eat in Chinatown. I always opt for the roasted pork with rice and green veggies. It tastes even better the day after with some sriracha sauce! Love their Peking duck as well, whether it be the roll (appetizer) or the meal with the pancake wrap. 
Do not get the mango chicken. It tastes like nothing. My bf and I got it since we were familiar with the dish at Penang and banana leaf but was so disappointed when we ate it. Looked delicious in the PICTURE but not so much in person. That's why I stick with what I know there. The pictured meals aren't as great as they seem. 
Sometimes you get ice cream at the end, sometimes you don't. I don't really understand how that works but one time my group didn't get ice cream and I may have said out loudly "no ice cream tho?" Not expecting them to bring it out, they did. But they left out the chocolate sauce. Hehe oops. 
And they have this new waiter guy (for few months now) and for some reason, I can't stand him. He brings my mood down every time I look at him because his face and attitude seems like he doesn't care about anything whatsoever. He never checked up on our table, never refilled our water, nothing. Just played on his phone the whole time! The busboys in the grey shirts were more attentive than he was. 
But other than that, I like their food :)I know everyone seems to love this place and though i have only eaten here twice i had to post a review and ask why? I would not say it is bad but definately nothing special...the (dry) beef chow fun was really mushy .. the crab emein and sefood chow mein were ok.... same as the wonton mein... some of the greens were good ...but i really came to try sang kee's specialty both times i came...I am sorry to say but this place has tricked the round eye b/c the peking duck is average at best...I'll stick to wong wong..b/c not only do they have a sweet name but their duck kicks sang kee's feathered assRepeat personal favorite, especially for Chinese New Years celebrations.  Great roast duck.  Wonderful Shrimp with walnuts.  Highly recommend the 2 and 4 person combinations.  Unfortunately, they have done away with BYOB so you cannot bring in wine.Sang Kee is one of my favorite places to eat in Philly Chinatown. It is known for its Peking style roasted duck and roasted pork (char siu). The portions are large, cheap, and consistent in quality. 
Roasted Duck & Roasted Pork on Rice with Green Vegetables
Roast duck and pork are must-haves at Sang Kee; this isn't something you can make at home. The roasted duck and pork over rice dish will give you a taste of both. This dish has enough variety to eat it as an entree by yourself but the portion is also large enough to family style it with other dishes with one or two other people. 
Roasted Pork & Roasted Duck Noodle Soup
If you are more of a noodle person, you can still enjoy Sang Kee's signature roasted pork and duck in the form of noodle soup. The soup is hearty and well-seasoned, and uses thin egg noodles. The portion is huge. Again, this is something you can't make at home so I recommend getting either the rice or noodle version of this dish.
Seafood Fish Maw Soup
Fish maw is the air bladder that allows fish to float. Besides that, all I know is it is delicious for making seafood soup (there is some shellfish in the soup as well). Don't be put off by the fact that it is fish insides; it is one of the more neutral-tasting organs. The soup is thick and flavorful by itself but you can also add a few drops of vinegar to it if you like. 
Sizzling Tofu in Szechwan Chili Sauce with Minced Pork
This dish is served on a hotplate. In addition to the roasted duck and pork, I would consider this another signature dish. This is so good you can just see the MSG oozing out of the picture. Highly recommended.
Eggplant in Garlic Sauce
I love eggplant. If I see eggplant in garlic sauce on a menu at a Chinese restaurant, I have to get it. This version does not disappoint.I recently moved in to Chinatown and one of my friends introduced me to this place.
Damn it! I became a SANG KEE LOVER!
it's so good, juicy and yummy!
and if you do rice plate-for 10$ you can have a full meal with duck rice and vegetable.
AMAZING!!! I would recommend it to anyone.If I could give zero stars I would! The shrimp and pork dumpling soup tasted the way the inside of a pig farm smells...I am not kidding.  The General Tso was a lump of breaded chicken strips with thick nasty sauce, jelly like in consistency, with no flavor. Questionable food...possible crack den?  We will not be back!I've been going here since I moved to Philly from Cali.  We celebrated a lot of family occasions here.  Although the food is really good, lately I sometimes don't like going there because of parking, cash only, and their hostess and some servers are not really nice.  their restroom needs cleaning...I think the whole place doesYesterday my boyfriend ordered Honey Glazed Grilled Chicken. The chicken was raw and my boyfriend ate only 1/4 of the entire dish. But even that amount of chicken made him sick. We've been eating out at Sang Kee very frequently for last 2 years, but never coming back again because apparently their food can be a real health hazard.In reading other reviews of this restaurants wonton I decided to try this place on my short stop in town. I thought the location was great to get in and get out of the city with a parking lot across the street. I ordered the duck / pork noodle soup with wontons. I thought the flavor was great and the won tons were really good. The noodles seemed a little over cooked. All in all for the price, taste and service this is a great lace for noodles!Secret spot on the edge of China town. Fried dumplings are the best I've ever had. Menu has plenty of options some seem pretty authentic!I think I have found my favorite restaurant in Chinatown. Everything we had for dinner here was delicious, I don't think you can go wrong with their menu, but the standout of the evening was the duck. Having burned a few myself, I recognize that duck is one fatty bird, and somehow, the duck here magically is mostly free of fat and simultaneously has an awesome, crispy skin. Didn't find the location in Reading Terminal to be quite as magical.We found this place by searching for good Peking duck. We ordered the duck meal for 2, and wow!
Best wonton soup ever. It was full of Chinese greens and had a great flavor - more authentic Chinese. And it was served in a pot family style. 
The Peking duck was delicious as expected. 
And then came amazing fried rice full of roast pork and shrimp with our second disk- shredded duck with green beans peppers and onions. This was a delicious combo. 
And we were surprised to get complimentary ice cream, banana and pistachio. 
This was the best Chinese dinner since we last visited China town in San FranciscoThis is the best place to get ducks in Philadelphia. When I go here, I usually order rice and duck. The duck is very delicious! Also this place also serve very tasty Eggplants! The eggplants come in a stirfry dish marinated and all. I don't even like eggplants, but I love eating this particular eggplants dish from Sang Kee! The atmosphere of the restaurant is all right. It might not be a good idea to bring a group of 20 here because the place is small. It's nothing fancy. This place also serve fried ice cream! It tastes the same like any other fried ice cream in other places!i love the food here. ever since i was a little kid i love coming to this place. i loove their beef chow fun, shrimp dumpling noodle soup and rice platters. their duck is pretty good too.I've been to hundreds of Chinese restaurants for noodle soup in many cities and countries and I always seem to compare Sang Kee's noodle soups and Sang Kee always ends up on top.  The noodle soup I always get is the Shrimp dumpling noodle soup with fun Noodles (fat rice noodles), extra dumplings and sliced pork.  I've even tried to replicate this soup in China while I lived there for 2 years and was not able to get anything even close to this.  
I also enjoy Sang Kee's peking duck rolls.  It's the perfect little snack if you're craving peking duck but don't want to order an entire duck.  I've eaten other things at this restaurant and I am always happy with my meals.2.5 stars overall.
Ordered the 1/2 Peking duck with steamed buns and was presented with a portion that was more like 1/4 of a duck and 4 pieces of buns. They said it was extra 75 cents per each additional bun order. I thought it was bit outrageous considering it was $22 for the measly portion size. Aside from that, the duck was juicy and tender. 
Would I come back here if I were to be back in philly? Probably not. I can find tastier/cheaper Peking duck in la...Great place! Ginger scallion beef is all you need to know. Peking ducks is pretty good alsoFood: 2.5
Decor: 2
Ambiance: 3
Service: 3.5
Value: 2.5
I've heard good things about this place, but honestly this doesn't particularly seem like a standout in Chinatown considering how many options you have within a few blocks. Prices were average, as was the food. This place has a liquor license, if that is what you are looking for.This place is soooooo good! I definitely recommend the dim sum!! It was delicious!! I will be back for sure!Came for a quick dinner...
Was craving wonton noodle soup
Met the need but did not satisfy the craving.
Ordered a beef tendon wonton noodle soup. The beef tendon was of good flavor and was pretty plentiful in the dish. I also found that there were plenty of wontons. However, the wontons lacked flavor and were pretty small. The wrapping was also gummy/doughy when bit into. 
We also ordered some sauteed string beans which came slathered in some meat sauce and canned mushrooms making them mushy instead of fresh and crispy.
I did have a piece of their peking duck though. That was good. Just like what I can get at home.
The meal was finished with complementary ice cream but I've never really had ice cream that lacked so much flavor. It was probably better to not serve it in my opinion. Another snafu: they had so much idle waitstaff that at one point, one waitress just stood at the head of our table arms crossed and pretty much staring us down. AWKWARD.I recently had the baked seafood fried rice there and it was absolutely delicious! When I walked into the restraunt, I was welcomed with a casual and lively ambiance, with just enough hustle and bustle to feel welcoming. The service itself was very prompt, yet friendly (there's always a lot of people there so the waiters got a lot on their hands, but nevertheless, they're very attentive). I definitely plan on coming again and ordering my dish again or trying their famous Peking Duck!This place has by far the best duck you will find in Chinatown compared to the other locations. It just gives you a better cut. Try also the seafood crispy noodles, the chicken eggplant, and the Peking duck, and the wonton noodle soup. It's a pricey place for Chinese food but it's worth it. Prob not worth the service but this place is a step up above the other duck joints.Look, let me tell y'all something.....this right here??? The best Chinese food in the city, taste like I got it right from the homeland. Wanted to go and the back shake the cook's hand when they brought me my fried shrimp dumplings, and the fried rice, what?!?! The fried rice from this place isn't the rice Camron was talking about in the classic cinema piece Killa Season. I'm sure if he had Sang Kee he would not have had a problem with eating rice every night. I can only give this place 5 stars on Yelp. But it gets a 10/10 from me.This is a dependably good spot for really delicious Cantonese food in a clean and inviting setting. They prepare all the goodies like ginger scallion lobster and clams in black bean sauce. Their roast duck, from what I heard from a few people, is superb. The pressed duck, supposedly, is the best thing there is. They were completely sold out when I tried to buy some for my husband and mom on a early Sunday afternoon, so I settled for the regular roast duck and still wound up with two very happy recipients. I highly recommend Sang Kee if you're in Chinatown and craving Cantonese or craving good Cantonese but also wanting to dine in a calmer, more pristine space (not jostling elbows, not wiping down grease stains from the table and your utensils, not feeling a bunch of hungry and/or hangry eyes staring at you from the doorway).I have had duck all over the world, NYC, SF, and even Beijing and I can say Sangkee has some of the best duck in the world. 
Going to school in philly friends and I would often visit Sangkee and eat since it was both delicious and reasonably priced. 
The duck is a must but the eggplant is also very good. With 3 floors you'd think they'd always have space but it's very busy so good to call a head.Love this place.  We travel a distance for their noodles.  My husband likes the roast pork wanton noodle soup.  They have lots of choices for vegetarians too.  Their fried tofu is a favorite.  The staff is friendly and makes great recommendations if you are trying to decide what to have.  A must if you are visiting Chinatown.One of the best spots in Chinatown. The Pork/Duck Combo is amazing, and the house soup is one of the bests you'll ever taste. Along with duck, there are tons of options on the menu that are all very, very good. This is a hidden gem in Chinatown worth finding.I loved the meal I had here. Went for a late lunch date and had the salt baked shrimp, scallop, and squid while the boyfriend opted for the spicy prawn chili fried rice. Everything was delicious and nicely seasoned with just the perfect amount of spice. The service was quick, and the atmosphere inviting, it looks to be a great place for family and friends. Very busy and lively. Will definitely come back!Friends and I ended our trip in Philly with dinner at this lovely place. There was a slight wait on a Friday night, but we got seated shortly after 10-15 min. Of course we knew we wanted duck, and ended up going with the whole duck. We also got a few sides, and opted for beef chow fun and eggplant with garlic sauce. It was all pretty good! The duck was nicely roasted, but the slices were cut up slightly larger than I would have preferred. And of course, most places can't go wrong with chow fun and eggplant. All that to say the side dishes were also yummy. If you're looking to eat duck in Philly, I would say drop on by here :)I've been coming here for years and have tried a lot of things on their menu - the best dishes: spicy eggplant w/ beef, salt baked squid, wonton noodle soup, sauteed green beans, and of course the duck.  Sang Kee's a little off the beaten path of central Chinatown, but its worth the extra block or two walk/drive.  The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because they have raised pricing the past few years with their remodeling and renovations.I've had the braised beef noodle soup with veggies, very very good. I've had the salt baked chicken wings, very very bad. These wings were sooo soggy I couldn't stop thinking about how I wasted my money on them. Other than that I actually enjoy coming to this place to eat my braised beef noodle soup so much that I'm interested in trying other things on their menu.better than ever.  No place like eating good quality duck!Fast service! Peking roll was a great appetizer I could eat a couple of those. Fried rice was deliciousMy boyfriend and I came here and he we got the Taiwanese braised pork dish that came with bok choy, rice, and a hard-boiled egg, and the beef with shiitake mushrooms and bamboo. Both dishes were delicious and the service was very quick. The only thing is that the waiter didn't seem to be able to explain to us how big one of the dishes were. 
The complimentary scoops of ice cream for dessert were a nice touch though!We like Reading Terminal Mkt and Wynnewoods locations much better.This place was alright for me. The food was okay- maybe i was too excited and expecting too much from \all the good rumors I heard about their peking duck here. When I got the half order of peking duck I was a little bit disappointed at the size of it and the sides that came along with it. Maybe its bc im used to getting more veggies to wrap in the pancake with the duck from Pittsburgh. Two things I liked about their duck was that it was less greasy than other peking ducks I had so far and they gave a small dish of duck cooked with veggies in some sauce. When I got the remaining two entrees of triple seafood and beef chow fun both were good nothing special. The beef chow fun was too salty for my mom and I :( The triple seafood was soft and well-cooked. They did give us dessert which surprised me however!
So overall I would give thisplace three stars for the food because I won't remember the food being crazy good, but I give two stars for today because of the noisiness of the restaurant! One waiter was dragging a chair across the restaurant twice instead of picking it up and putting it down softly. Also, someone from upstairs was either doing jumping jacks or something because I thought the roof was gonna collapse for a like 30sec. Of course I wasn't expecting a romantic atmosphere here, especially when I'm getting dinner in Chinatown, but the waiters could've been a little bit more careful with everything instead of making so much noise and making dinner so crazy.3.5. Quick delivery, quality ingredients and will accommodate requests to increase spice levels. The dishes are pretty standard. We usually get shrimp fried rice, egg rolls (request their house made spicy mustard it's great) Szechuan shrimp and shrimp lo mein or beef chow mein. A notch above most take-out Chinese restaurants.I always give my boyfriend a hard time about being OBSESSED with this place, but a recent visit made me understand why. 
In my opinion though, there are only a few items that are amazing, but are staples while dining here. The duck and roasted pork combo or any of their noodle soups! All amazing.
Stay away from any of the other traditional Chinese entrees and go elsewhere in china town.
Service is fast and they hook you up with a couple scoops of ice cream after your meal!wonderful so far! only been here once.. dying to go back again. i highly recommend the duck dinner for two. for $30 you get so much food!  wonderful fresh vegetable soups. the duck was to die for! can't wait to go back, i hope the second time around is just as good!Stop by for lunch on Sunday and ordered roasted pork and duck rice platter, five spice wings, beef chow foon, wonton noodle soup.  Everything was delicious.  And the total was less than $25.  The service was fast and pleasant.  The ice cream (on the house) at the end of the meal was a great bonus.
Highly recommended.Good place to get a bite to eat. Service ums good. Takeout is good too. Is you never been there then you missing out on some good food. Price is a little much for a duck house, but the food is good though and worth it.  Pan fried dumpling and wonton noodle soup and any meat ( duck) on rice is very good. Try it, you might like it.Great dumplings, bbq ribs and peking duck! one of my fave stops in the market!The service is a little different than I am use to. It's not bad by any means but it is unique. The duck is the best I have ever had. I am a professional sous chef. I can't wait to come back to this gem. The chefs are good at what they do here. You will not be disappointed they have very high standards.  Need I say more? I don't think so.Where do you get Chinese takeout from?  Chinatown of course.  When ramen doesn't cut it and I want a good noodle dish, they've got me covered.  Oh, and Peking Duck too.
Good(s):
Beef Chow Fun - best I've ever had
Pan Fried Noodles - crispy noodles, addictive flavors from the sauce
Peking Duck - Getting a whole duck is quite the luxury, so I've been known to get the Peking Duck roll just to get a couple tasty bites.  Delicious.
Chicken with Eggplant - Really refined dish.  Eggplant was perfectly cooked, chicken still succulent and a unique sauce.
Bad(s):
Congee - meh
Noodle Soups - All end up tasting the same somehow, and they're heavy handed with salt.We visited Philadelphia for this past Fourth of July weekend and used the "Patriot Pass" from the Wawa Welcome America website.  Listed on it was this gem in Chinatown.  Lunch time...it was CRAZY in there---so busy and a LOT of people.  It was my first visit here, so I don't know if that's the norm.  If you are looking for a quiet place to eat, this is not it.  Even when the crowd diminished...the loudness continued...but, overall a good meal.  The service was very efficient and friendly.  The food was decent---I liked the pan-fried noodles with vegetables.  The vegetarian spring roll was equally good.  Tried the steamed veggie dumplings which were tasty, but had a very salty sauce on them (probably oyster sauce?).  As busy as it was, the water glass was never empty...had extra napkins, etc.  The little things count!  AND...we got 20% off from using the patriot pass I spoke of.  Happy Fourth of July!!!This review is about generosity and service. I made the mistake of ordering takeout through Eat 24 from the location in University City, not Chinatown. Rather then brush me aside, which I am sure many other establishments would do, they called the University City location to cancel my order and remade it fresh for me. I am so grateful and will definitely repay them in loyal patronage. A restaurant like this deserves all their success.I eat here frequently. But while most of the time the food is great, it can be inconsistent at times.  Had the shrimp dumpling wonton noodle soup and it was delicious as always.  Something about shrimp wonton (not pork) that gives the soup such a clean taste.  That is my go-to dish here.
I also get the pan fried dumplings which are oily but delicious.  The ginger soy sauce served with it pairs well.
I didn't get it today, but salt baked squid is also a favorite Chinese dish of mine.  However, last time I ordered it here, it was extremely soggy.  Either it was drenched in oil when deep fried OR it was old and they tried to re-fry it again.  Either way, it was not good.
Service is typical Chinese- attentive but passive.  Straight to the point and check. The prices are very reasonable. 2 people for lunch is about $20.
And while it is a known for duck, I am not a roasted duck fan, so I can't review it.We went to the one inside the terminal and their stand.  We ordered the peking duck rolls. I wish it was wrapped in a bun instead of the wrap though. The duck itself was nice and juicy and not bad. The cons was that it was premade and they used the microwave to eat it up :(  I am sure if they got the duck and made it fresh, it would have been awesome.This place is another go-to for my family. All of its dishes are great, and the duck is fantastic--crispy skin, tender meat. 
If you're in the mood for dessert, I like their ice cream flavors--ginger, red bean, and green tea! They also give you orange slices at the end of your meal.
The restaurant has two levels, but it's often packed and space is a little tight. It can also get a little loud. However, the food is worth it.Bar none this place has the best Peking duck wonton soup.  It's a very simple dish.  Clear piping hot broth, noodles, wontons, and the one ingredient that makes it all worthwhile, succulent Peking duck pieces.  Lots and lots of it.  Oh yeah, just to make it healthy, make them add some fresh veggies.  Just writing this makes me start salivating for more.   Sigh
It's been two weeks since we've last had this dish, but hubby and I may need to trek up to Philly again from the DC burbs just to have this dish for lunch again.  Definitely, worth the 2 1/2 hour drive.So we shared the Shrimp Dumpling noodle soup and the half peking duck.  The half peking duck dish $20 and they only give you four mini buns to wrap it in.... like why not 8 or 12, 4 makes no sense.  Come on stop being so cheap when the dish is $20! and thats the most $$$ on your menu.
Service was ok, food was ok, everything was jusk ok for a chinatown duck house.  All in all, I rather hit up another spot in Ctown.I went to Sang Kee today, and I must say, what's not to like?! I guess I wasn't in the mood for duck, so I decided to go for the curry lemongrass chicken soup. Sang Kee lets you pick the noodle you would like in your soup, and does not charge extra for using one noodle over another. The soup was a nice, filling, portion and was priced at $5. The chicken in the soup was off the bone, which made it far easier for me to eat. (Many places in Chinatown serve chicken on the bone.) My dinnermate ate the roasted pork with rice and was equally satisfied. The place seems rather popular, as we had to wait about five minutes to be seated. All in all, I'd go again.
For a copy of the menu, see: http://chinatown.adampowell.com/SangKee.htmI don't particularly like dining here because it is a bit cramped, but I stop in to grab some roast pork and duck every time I'm in Chinatown.  They are great about giving me the slightly charred ends (they tend to be crispier and more flavorful) of the pork when I ask and the duck is probably the best in town.  In terms of entrees, I like the wonton noodle soup and sizzling triple delight, but the one thing that I would truly recommend is the duck.  And here's the thing: I don't usually like duck!  Enough said.All of the food we got here was delicious!! Favorites included the beef chow fun, Peking duck with buns instead of pancakes, and honey coated roast pork. All of the meat was well cooked and not tough at all. We were seated upstairs, which was great because it was a little quieter and less hectic than the downstairs dining area. Will definitely come back soon!Yay for the Peking Duck House!! Pan fried noodle is the best instead of the peking duck so so tasty..  and some other dishes like shrimp with walnut so goood.. highly recomended if u need a best chinese restaurant ever.. xDIf you can find better Peking duck in Philadelphia then please let me know. The Peking Duck Dinner for Two is amazing and comes out in 4 courses:
1. Pork & shrimp wonton soup with fresh baby corn, carrots and bok choy
2. Sliced Peking duck with the crispiest skin and juiciest meat I've ever had, with slightly thicker pancakes than I'm accustomed to (a good thing), some sliced scallions for added crunch and plenty of hoisin sauce
3. Remaining duck meat is sliced and mixed with green peppers, scallions and green beans in a spicy garlic sauce
4. Pork and shrimp fried rice that is so light and not greasy, that you and your friend/date will devour the entire mountain they give you
I've really never had anything else off the menu because I come specifically for the duck. This past weekend my friend convinced me to try the coconut shrimp which comes with this awesome mango yogurt dipping sauce.
If you're looking for duck, look no further. You might be able to find better traditional chinese entrees elsewhere in Chinatown though.Don't eat here if you want to continue eating duck at other restaurants. I no longer enjoy eating duck unless it is from Sang Kee - Chinatown. It's so bad for you though. But I can't resist when I'm in town! The best. I even order extra to take home.They serve some really awesome quality duck (probably cuz it's sweeter than most places). I highly recommend their noodle dishes as it's their trademark (I usually order the roast pork, roast duck wonton noodle soup).I expected better of this place. Ordered the duck dinner for two substituting duck, wonton, noodle soup for the standard soup. The clear broth was flavorful but lukewarm. One of my pet peeves is lukewarm soup. There's really no excuse for it. The server can tell because hot soup has steam coming out. If it doesn't have steam coming out of it, the soup is not going to be hot. Simple.
Turning to the duck itself, I'm a traditionalist. There was a thick visible layer of fat between the skin and the meat. Not a good sign. The key to Peking duck is the days ahead prep which results in the fat layer being minimized. When I see a thick layer of fat between the skin and the meat, it is a sign t o me that the restaurant is short-cutting the drying process. Under the circumstances, there is no way that the duck cannot be greasy, and it was. 
The pancakes that accompanied the duck were dry and cracking. Why can so few restaurants figure out that the pancakes need to be moist so the Peking duck can be properly wrapped so the hoisin sauce stays inside rather than on the diner's hands? 
The second duck course served stir fried with string beans was delicious and not greasy. The meat was not overcooked and the balance of textures between the crisp beans and toothsome duck meat was what makes Chinese food great. The fried rice that accompanied this course was tasty with sweet peas and abundant shrimp. 
I gave the restaurant two stars instead of three because the duck is supposed to be the star of the show and the Peking duck did not live up to star billing.I don't understand the rave reviews on Yelp for this place.
Went with my family about a week ago and it wasn't very good. We got roast pork, roast duck, wonton noodle soup, soup dumplings, and beef noodle soup. The broth and flavor of the beef soup was pretty good, but I have definitely had better. The wontons are advertised as shrimp, but of the five or six they give you maybe 2 have shrimp inside and the others are full pork. 
The xiao long bao (soup dumplings) were ehhh. They took a long time to come out and honestly didn't taste much different than the frozen ones my mom used to buy and steam for me at home.
The roast pork was really good, I'll give them that. Also had a frozen watermelon juice that was sooo good and refreshing in the hot summer.
Waitress was very unhappy, service wasn't so great. Sat us upstairs but didn't turn on the air for a good 20-30 minutes and it was HOT that day.
Fortune cookies come out of a big uncovered bowl under the register.. I can definitely see them putting back "untouched" fortune cookies after collecting the bill.We rolled into Philly on the way home from NY to grab some lunch.  By recommendation (thanks Olivia P.!) we came here.  Parking was a pain in the butt but luckily we found some street parking really close by.  We ordered the half Peking duck and was worried that it wouldn't be enough food so we also ordered the juicy buns.  The waiter informed us that it would take 25-30 mins but we thought why not and got them anyway.
The Peking duck was good but it was so incredibly greasy. My fav Peking duck place scrapes all the fat off the duck before serving it, so that's one thing that I wished this place did.  The second course was a surprise to us - we weren't expecting it at all and if we knew it was coming we wouldn't have ordered the juicy buns!  The second course stir fry was delicious - tender duck, slightly charred veggies, delicious sauce...mmm.  The juicy buns were okay - wouldn't wait for these really.  I liked this place - the waiters were attentive, the food was good, and I was so stuffed that I didn't need to have dinner tonight.If you're looking for duck noodle soup and some cheap chinese food, this is the place.  It's cheap, fast and tasty.  It can get crowded and tables are small but you'll leave full.  I always get the roast duck noodle soup and sometimes start with fried wontons or dumplings.  I've also tried the needle noodles and the singapore noodles, both good.  The salt and pepper squid was pretty good too.  This is not a fancy place but if you're hungry and don't want to wait long.  Try it!Service was fast, food was excellent for the most part. My friends and I did family style and ordered the fried flounder with honey walnut (so crispy and great sweet and salty flavor), a whole Peking duck (we got while since it was much cheaper than two halves, and we figured we could bring leftovers home. For the record, it was still amazing reheated the next day!), string beans with garlic (it was a little saucier/sweeter than I was used to but it was still good!), and pad Thai with shrimp (my friend wanted it even though this place isn't Thai; I thought it was meh but I am not a huge fan of noodle dishes anyway, so I'm a little biased haha. I think the best pad Thai I've had is still from Pattaya). If you're wondering how much to order, I went with two of my friends and had tons of leftovers (but mostly the pad Thai haha). Probably enough leftovers to feed one person for two meals.
Overall, good place to go with a few friends!We were visiting Philadelphia from our home in San Francisco and looking for some Chinese food.  This place is a bit off the beaten path, but still we walked here with ease from Market East train station. Saw some good reviews on Yelp so came in.  We were a bit early and seated fast with four waiters waiting, but by the time we left there was a nice crowd.  I found it reasonably priced, I think I spent about 20 bucks for three dishes and the bathroom was clean.  The food was excellent. The namesake says DUCK and we could see in the window it was great duck but we wanted to try other things too.  I ordered the clams with curry sauce, some fried rice, and my wife ordered the mixed bbq with duck, chicken pork.  Everything was really good.  My clams were plentiful and had the curry flavor permeated throughout. My favorite thing is to then put the curry sauce left in the bowl on top of my rice and let it soak in.  Nothing goes to waste and the flavor is complete.  Go here, try it.Just the best Chinese food ever. Anywhere. Fast service, attentive servers. High quality food. The best won ton soup anywhere, anytime, period, end of story, don't ask questions. We often get the 4 course duck dinner, however tonight we chose soft shell crabs and they were perfectly prepared. I got salt and pepper. Hubby got spicy. It was such a large portion that I couldn't finish. Dear son got half Peking duck and was totally satisfied. They give a small  scoop of ice cream per person (vanilla, chocolate, green tea). Great meal. Don't miss it.I used to love going to this place for wonton noodle soup because the wonton was good and price is very cheap. About $6 for a bowl of wonton noodle soup with roast pork or
Roast duck. But during our most recent visit we order the wonton noodle soup with roast pork and wonton noodle soup with roast duck which use to cost $6 now cost $6.95 and $8.95 and on top of that it doesn't come with veggies which they charge you an additional $.75 for like 3-4 piece of green veggies. To top that off we order the shanghai soup dumplings which looked flat when it arrived to our table and when we bite into it, it's dry there's not one drop of soup coming out. How is that call soup dumplings. Worst soup dumplings ever. I will not be returning here unless I get a coupon from them to make it more affordable. There's too many other options in Chinatown I can go for better and cheaper wonton soup such as M Kee which is me and my bf's favorite place to dine.Excellent noodle soup. Great service too, something I didn't expect...
I ordered roast pork and duck noodle soup as well as a side of water spinach. Both were very well prepared, particularly the water spinach which is something I feel had better be prepared well. It was outstanding actually.
It was too much food for me to eat in one sitting and thus I brought a bit of both home with me. They were excellent even the next day. Yum!
I'm going back again. And again. And again.This has always been one of my favorite places to eat in chinatown...the waiter guy we always get always seems to chuckle at my modified vegetarian food orders...I remember back in the day before they started serving bubble tea...they would always tease us for bringing in drinks from else where...he'd always say what kind of bubble tea do you like...so I'd like to think it was all because of me that they now serve them ;) 
I've recently been to the newer location on 36th...great place to grab lunch ... they have a lunch special menu that has a variety of items to choose from... it's seems pretty big n service is always speedy...check it out!i have dreams about this place. all their food is on point. if anyone knows where i can get good duck in la, please let me know.I went expecting to be if not amazed, then at least satisfied...  We ordered a variety of dishes from soups, to duck to dumplings and more.  The dumplings were probably the worst fried dumplings I've ever had.  They were deep fried disasters with a pretty awful dipping sauce.  Deep-fried??  An afront to the good name of dumplings everywhere!
On to the duck: it had a nice flavor but a ton of bones.  Ok, at least you don't completely screw up the food you are known for, but the accompanying rice was low quality.  Small amount of pre-cooked green vegs went with this so-so dish.
But the worst had to be the broth for the noodle & wonton soups.  It smelled like garbage and tasted worst.  We had to throw out $10 of soup.  The tofu dish was good enough but nothing special.
I have to say that I was a little surprised when my 2 bags of take-out food were ready in 4 minutes.  No joke, I timed it from my credit card receipt.  But now I get it. Most of the food was clearly pre-made and just boxed up to order.  Lame.Never mind the ambiance! Enjoy the duck. But I must say, the food was over-the-top greasy - even the vegetables. And were the complimentary ice cream and fortune cookies worth the trip here..?We had our rehearsal dinner here last week and it was FANTASTIC! We booked the private room upstairs for about 50 people and did one of the pre-fixed dinner options of about 10 or so dishes. It was amazing. Our family and friends were in shock with all the food and how good everything was! Not one dish lacked flavor and they were all so well done. Also, working with the management staff at this location was so easy! Reserving was simple, and substituting some of the dinner choices was also easily done. Overall, my guests LOVED this place. Great service and food!I really enjoy the mango garlic sauce duck dish and their fresh sauteed chinese broccoli.  Most everything I've had here has been great.
Service can be a little hit or miss, better server staff in the evenings than during the day.  During the day, they kind of forget about you so extra napkins and water you'll have to get their attention for, which I don't appreciate.  At night, they are much better.
Also, my wife ordered mixed drinks on three occasions and each time the pour was minimal.  Basically, they cheap out on the liquor of their drinks.
So, the food is good but they could use some work on day time service and really shouldn't be so stingy with the alcohol when a mixed drink is ordered.As a finale to Thanksgiving break, we stopped by for a Sunday night Chinese feast. Sang Kee was unexpectedly poppin for a Sunday and we were led upstairs to an equally crowded room.
We ordered fried dumplings, the Peking duck entrée, and Beef Chow Fun. All of the food was outstanding, and I can't wait to go back. This was my first time having real Peking duck, and it was tender and delicious. The scallions were also the perfect touch. The Beef Chow Fun was amazing as well, and I could have eaten the whole portion myself if I wasn't concerned about getting as fat as a house.
The complimentary ice cream at the end of the meal was so great, and made me like Sang Kee even more. Can't wait for our next Sunday night trip.
Tip: CASH ONLYPeking duck is so good. And their lunch specials are good and cheap. However, their noodles are very disappointing. Definitely not a place to order noodles. We got special schezuan noodle with pork and it was the worst Chinese noodle soup we had in philly. We're still surprised That they used pasta noodle for soup.Try their roast pork and duck rice plate! Super yummy 
Their soups are tasty as well..
The only soup I thought was mediocre was the chicken curry soup
The broth was very bland compared to their other soups.
Their fried dumplings are delicious..
 Overall you can't go wrongHow do you know a good Chinese restaurant?? You can tell when the majority of clientele are Asian!!!  You can't fool them and this place rules. Bar-B-q Pork is amazing and their Peking Duck is to die for.
Authentic Chinese at it's best. Great dim sum as well.
 Been going here for 12 years and counting.
Be forewarned this place gets busy.......but it's because its awesome.