I really want to like Sang Kee (Chestnut location) having readirave reviews for the one in Chinatown and was going to go there but our hotel was at the Sheraton on Chestnut  and we noticed that there was a Sang Kee in the hotel (Bonus!)  I asked the host who confirmed that it's the same resto as the one in Chinatown but added that it's a bit "geared" towards this area which I wasn't sure what he meant at first.  This should have been a red flag for me but I was dying to try their peking duck, lobster, crab, etc and didn't want to trek back to Chinatown and find parking, etc....We got in at 6pm Sun for dinner (no waiting) and it was half full at that time.    The waiter brought ice water and menus (I was expecting some hot tea) but looked around and saw that almost all the tables had water so I opted out for asking since tea will probably be $$.   It's funny that they have huge billboards of their menus outside showcasing lobsters, crab, fried fish, and I was so hoping to order these but the sit down menus had all these items crossed out with sharpies so I think that it was meant for the Chinatown chain only.    I asked about the 1/2 peking duck ($19) and the waiter said it comes with 4 pancakes (4?!?!  r u kidding? flag #2).  I asked what they do with the bones since the places I go they use to bones either to make soup or sauté it with garlic and he said you don't get the bones (flag # 3).
We decided not to order the duck and ordered 4 dishes.  Crispy tofu with XO sauce (tofu was not crispy (it was fried) and then they slather it with the XO/soy sauce so it was soft and salty.  It was cooked with some fried green beans (which links to the 2nd dish).  Next was the green beans with pork and garlic which looked and tasted like the first dish we ordered.  Having been a part-time waiter in my previous life, if someone were ordering something with same ingredients I would have suggested that they order something else since it would taste the same (the client would really appreciate this and that translates to extra tips $$).    General Tao's chicken  was next and it was ok amid not seeing any red peppers or chili peppers but 4-5 pcs of bok choy in it's place.   It wasn't too doughy and the kids enjoyed it.  Lastly we had the clams with black bean sauce.  Lots of missing clams in the shells, broken shells, and it was a bit sandy.  Oh did I mentioned that they used red onions and green peppers?  Why red onions?   My observations and experiences in many authentic Chinese resto's  uses  red peppers, green onions and chili peppers in this dish.     Fresh white rice was complimentary with the meal which was good.   Service was prompt, there were lots of waiters but my glass was never refilled (lost a star).    Total for 4 dishes came to $54 with tax.  I think they use alot of msg as my mouth was dry and thirsty 30 mins after dinner.  As I looked across the room it was clear to me what the host meant by catering to this area.  It was mostly university students.   Shame on you Sank Kee for thinking that their palates are bad or do you think you have a  monopoly so you can cook however you want to?  I'm a bit hesitant to try the Sang Kee in Chinatown but my curiosity will kill me so I will go on my next trip down to Philly and if it's the same then shame on me!I love sangkee. The women (and men) at the cash register are some of my favorite people because they recognize me, ask how I am and we've exchanged names and small conversation. This is not a given for a hotel restaurant that sees tons of college/grad students walking in all day. Whenever I need to get dinner or lunch close to campus, this is where I go (over Chattime/Ochatto) because I know they are friendly. 
Their food is not the best in the entire universe, but it is quite good (although this probably depends on what you get). There are even several dishes for which my Chinese friends have given their stamp of approval (the chestnut chicken, the boiled flounder in szechuan sauce). I go here too many times, but I am always happy with their service and the food. 
My favorites, besides the chicken and flounder mentioned above, are the braised beef rice bowl, the Taiwanese pork belly rice bowl, the seafood pan fried noodles and the singaporean noodles. I also like to get their house special fried rice, but it gets a little oily.Nice place...had my favorite sauce garlic black bean...with clams...sauce was tasty, clams big and plentiful...brown rice was cooked well...also had the shrimp corn chowder...which is probably basically some type of egg drop soup that they put corn...not a chowder but good nonetheless...will stop in againI ordered the shanghai dumpling and regret it so much afterwards. It was hard! Extra chewy, it's like they microwave it and put it in a steamer plate. It taste the same as the frozen ones I bought from the frozen aisle in Asian supermarket. 8 pieces here cost $6.50 and for half that price you can get the same thing from an Asian market.
Don't come here for Chinese food, you can do better with your time and money.Tasty noodle house located in the Sheraton University City Hotel.  Full evenings with lots of people dining in.  Food was fresh, large portions and hot.  Noodle bowl variety is plentiful and varied.    Lots of delicious choices.  Pan fried noodles are decadent and melt in your mouth.  Desserts are basic- could be improved.  Daily specials are noteworthy and seasonal.  My be hard to find a seat during happy hour/ dinner hours but you'll get a seat quickly.  Give it a try.  Nice menu, lots of choices for any taste and a solid dining experience.I ordered the stewed vegetables and tofu in coconut curry broth, and it was good. The portions were large, and this dish was super spicy (enjoyed it nonetheless). The sesame chicken is well breaded and not drowning in sauce (definitely a plus), and the congee is, well, plain congee (don't get it).
It was packed when I came at 9PM on a Wednesday night, but the servers are friendly and quick!Great place and really good food. The service was ok and our waitress got us our meal pretty quick. I had the roasted duck. Highly recommended.Sangkee has solid Chinese food. I ordered a special - the braised chicken in a clay pot - and it was decent. Chicken was succulent, not drowning in sauce, and the various vegetables (water cress, leek, mushrooms, etc.) were nice and tender. This dish was a bit bland, so the server politely provided sriracha sauce upon request.
With regards to karaoke, Sangkee doesn't charge too much per hour! (I think it's 40ish an hour for a room?) Come with decent sized group, order drinks before coming, and the price is well worth it! Plus, they have a good selection of English songs, which is always a plus, haha.Came here for a quick dinner on a Friday night, and wasn't expecting much. Glad I had low expectations! Ordered the steamed chicken dumplings and the lemon grass chicken rice bowl. The dumplings were not exciting, and I thought the sauce was a bit sour. The rice bowl redeemed the dumplings a bit, but it wasn't as awesome as I wanted it to be. Service was really slow and nonexistent, but the whole restaurant was pretty busy and crowded. The place is large with most of the crowd being college students and probably hotel guests. Parking was not an issue, which was nice!
Personally, I like the ambiance and service at the Wynnewood location!Summary: Run-of-the-mill Americanized Chinese Food
Sang Kee is one of the few 'classy' looking Chinese joints in UC Philadelphia, along with the newly opened Han Dynasty University City. Unfortunately, Sang Kee seems to have gone the route of 'Americanizing' their food and deviating from traditional fare.
The vegetable spring rolls are good, albeit overpriced at 1$ per roll (for a very small one). That being said, I do give them credit for the fact that it does taste good, and I personally liked it. 
On the other hand, the vegetable fried rice was absolutely not worth the money. It tasted like some veggies and rice had been steamed in a microwave and served on a plate, and after reading other reviews and hearing about Sang Kee's tendencies to employ microwaves, I wouldn't be surprised if that was indeed the case. 
All that being said, Sang Kee does get credit for their Oriental Eggplant in Garlic Sauce and their Vegetable Pad Thai. Both tasted fantastic, and while they weren't authentic, per se, they still had done a wonderful adaptation to the American palate.
Service was hit or miss. Some times you get great servers, and yet other times you get nasty servers who are downright rude. Luck of the draw, I guess. Regardless, depending on what you order, the meal can still be worth it.
If you're really looking for traditional far-eastern food, check out Han Dynasty or Banana Leaf, both of which are wonderful restaurants as well. Han Dynasty is just a few blocks away, and Banana Leaf is down in Center City.Previously I had their shrimp pad thai for take-out., which was great in portion and flavor. Decided to sit in one evening for an early dinner. I had ordered the shrimp dumpling egg noodle soup with add on duck. At first it was delicious until I came to realize I was just very hungry. There was a large amount of MSG in it. I quickly developed a lingering headache only 1/4 into my soup, which then I decided to stop eating. I also would've been better off not ordering the add on duck, which had a gamey taste. My growling hungry stomach was replaced with an cramping upset stomach.  I spent the rest of my evening laying down in the fetal position. 
Definitely not expecting to be back there again. :[This review is for their Vietnamese iced coffee. I was surprised have been so disappointed because 1) Sang Kee's drink items are usually pretty good and 2) Vietnamese iced coffee is so easy to make. 
I ordered two iced coffees to go; one for me, and one for a friend. It came out very quickly, which is unusual because most restaurants brew Vietnamese coffee fresh, with a percolator placed on top of a cup full of ice and condensed milk. I suspect that the coffee was not fresh brewed but instead brewed in bulk with a large coffee maker--which would explain why the coffee I got was nowhere as dark in color or as strong in flavor. The consistency of the coffee was also not as rich as typical Vietnamese iced coffee, which means that it was probably either 1) not made with condensed milk, as Vietnamese iced coffee should be, 2) it was not strongly brewed, or 3) both. 
I ordered a Vietnamese iced coffee but instead received a regular iced coffee that tasted like straight sugar. I would have just gone to the Starbucks or Wawa down the block if I wanted something like this.BEWARE! I would give this place a 0 if I had the option. My first time eating here was today for lunch. The service was terrible, took them forever to bring me my drink (I think they forgot it, because the others at my table were served at the same time), they didn't bring our meals out at the same time, so we had to wait to eat until we all had our plates, so some of our food got cold. But the worst part: my colleague got FOOD POISONING and vomited multiple times when we got back to work. Now hours later I am sick as well, stomach on fire and can barely leave the bathroom. The third person that dined with us is sick as well. After talking to my roommate, it turns out she had the same results after eating here. I will never return, and I hope others see this review and consider it a warning to stay away from this place!Ordered the Shanghai noodles which comes with "shredded pork" but they put TRIPE in. Not cool. This place used to be very good, but their success has ruined them. Food quality is poor, and service is surly. Tripe?!? We're not eating here again, there's much better Chinese in the neighborhood.Initially poor customer service (but they made up for it, see update at the end). I can't review the food because I never received it. I ordered through GrubHub and was quoted a 30-40 minute delivery. When I contacted GrubHub 50 minutes later I was told the restaurant didn't have a driver and was waiting for one to arrive in approximately 15 minutes so I'm guessing my food would have arrived at least 20 minutes after the driver arrived  making it 45 minutes late and delivered 90 minutes after the initial order. A simple phone call from the restaurant or GrubHub would have been nice but now SangKee has potentially lost a customer.
Update (the next day): I just upgraded my rating from 1 to 3 stars. I received a call from the restaurant today and they delivered a very generous gift card to my house tonight and apologized for my inconvenience. I will go in and try the food. Hopefully I can upgrade my rating to 5 stars. I like to give credit where credit is due. Thank you Sang Kee.I went to this place 3 times to be fair, the first time. It was not so bad. I order the lunch special. I was a little disappointing that it all came out, at the same time. So my food eventually got cold. I ordered the Wonton soup, vegetables with chicken and white rice. I did not realized that they do Wontons with shrimp and fish, no where in the menu did it say that, so I assumed having had, had wonton soup in different place and always been pleased it was going to be the same. No. I was wrong. It had an odd flavor, I did not care for. I did not eat it. The Vegetable chicken was good but it was cold, so I didn't care to eat it anymore. 
The second time I went I got the vegetable spring rolls. They where good. The sweet and sour sauce was delicious.
 However, the third time I went. I wanted to recreate my second experience only this time, they kept trying to give me the duck sauce. Now, I know some people think its the same thing, and that is fine. However, my taste buds will beg to differ. I didn't want the orange translucent sauce, I wanted the red-orange sauce. I had to go back stairs twice, and twice I kept getting the wrong sauce. Sigh. I gave up at the end and just had the plain egg rolls. 
Only reason I ever ate this many times in this place, was because I was staying at the Hotel and the convenience. I wouldn't have allowed so many tries had it been at another place. If I'm ever back in Philadelphia and want Chinese food, this will never be the place to go.This place is a block away from where I work.  Every time I have gone has been during the lunch hour.  While the food here is pretty good, the speed of service and customer service is horrible.  Last time I went in over my lunch break, it took an hour and twenty minutes for me (by myself) to eat lunch.  The food took nearly 50 minutes for me to get it and there was a problem, so I had to send it back.  The server waiting on me didn't offer to refill my drink once during the obscene amount of time I was there.  I'm still not sure if I will be going back.A noodle house in University City - great! I've never been to the Chinatown location, so wasn't sure what to expect. I can with a small group on Sunday night, and was suprised at how full the restaurant was - and not just with college students. They must be reaping the benefits of the Sheraton. 
My rating might be higher if they had more vegetarian option - really there are just two. I ordered the egg noodle soup and, with some begging, got three vegetable dumplings added. The noodles were fine but the broth was weak - I added a LOT of siracha. And the only vegetable you get is bok choy. An egg would have added a lot to this soup, and maybe some carrots or peppers. 
A friend had the Tom Yum soup, which he loved, but three other people at the table felt the food was just "meh." We had a really grumpy older waiter, when who he messed up our order (he put in a hot and sour soup instead of a salad) got angry at us for not wanting the soup, and rolled his eyes in a very distinct manner. Lucky for us, he didn't want to deal with us any more, and our new waiter (a young smiley guy) was a huge improvement. He suggested the ice cream sampler platter (green tea, coconut, ginger and red bean) which was beautifully presented, delicious, and only $5. 
With our unordered hot and sour soup still on the menu, the new waiter was very accommodating and took it off the bill as soon as we brought his attention to it. In the end, with appetizers and dessert, we paid just over $10 a person - definitely a deal!This was a staple during my 4 years at Penn, especially around exam times or when I just needed some comfort food. It's a solid place to go - you just have to know what to expect.
Quick points:
- Don't expect anything fancy - but it's clean and the space inside is relatively large so you're not crammed in between other diners
- Servers aren't going to ask you about your day - but they're quick to take your order and quick to bring you your food/check/water/etc
- One thing that annoys me is it's slightly overpriced, especially compared to the original Chinatown location for the exact same food/drink - but you have to remember that you're in the restaurant desert that is University City and it must be expensive to rent the place in the Sheraton
- Ordering for delivery takes FOREVER like 60+ minutes (and costs $6 extra) so just pick it up instead - only takes 10-15 minutes usually!
Food:
- Braised beef egg noodle soup/or just as good with udon noodles - the ultimate comfort food!! I like the duck one too but sometimes the pieces of duck come out slightly soggy, whereas I've never had a bad experience with the braised beef one. Also don't be afraid to order this as take out, unlike other Chinese places, they separate the soup base from the noodle/beef/veggies so they won't get soggy while waiting for your consumption
- Lemon grass chicken rice bowl or duck rice bowl - super simple dishes (just some rice, bok choy, and meat) but both equally satisfying when you're super hungry
- Singapore noodle - huge portion of soft egg noodle with shrimp and an egg on top - lots of flavor and my absolute favorite noodle dish at Sangkee
- The Hawaii Five-O is my fave smoothie! Not a huge fan of their bubble tea since I've experienced massive inconsistency in the bubblesI came here for University City Dining Days. Service was pleasant and attentive, but the pacing was off. My friend had almost finished her salad when my dim sum finally arrived. I no sooner took my last bite when my entree arrived. The food was tasty. I must also admit to being put off by an automatically added 18% tip on a party of 2. If this was stated on the menu, I must have missed it. Either way, I think it's odd.Some of their foods are good and some are meeehhh you just have to know how to pick...!! I liked their noodles. Also their "American" Chinese food was pretty standard "American" Chinese food haha 
The waiters are always really nice and it's a nice environment so this is a nice environment around campus for me and friends to share a mealIt's never as good as any of the other locations . I don't know how I end up here so often . Come on Michael, how do you get all the others to work?My manager loved this place. He eats here every night and encourage me to try it. Surprising, this place is good, I almost tried everything and it was pretty good! The old thing is the price is kind of high for lunch. You can go to Chinatown in Philly and get the same quality for half of the price offered here. Overall, it was pretty good for Chinese food!My buddy was taking classes in Philly, so I decided to visit him over a weekend and crash on his floor.  He was staying at the hotel in which this Noodle House was located. They had Dim Sum.  Him, being white and not very educated in the delights of Asian food, asks me "what the hell is Dim Sum?"
Oh good... "It's small plates and hot tea" I replied... "it's like... An 2000 year old tradition - dating back to the Silk Road." - At this, I am met with a blank stare.  "alright, lets go... I'll show you" so, I got to watch my buddy have his first experience with Dim Sum.
We only ordered 3 dishes, as we were getting ready to head out to lunch with another friend. Spare Ribs, Chicken Feet, and Shu Mai.  The Shu Mai was probably the best prepared, except it took them until after we were done with our meal to bring us some chilli or hot sauce (which, I prefer with my pork and shrimp dumplings...) - The shrimp in the Shu Mai were obviously dried shrimps, which made an interesting effect.  I wouldn't say it was GOOD, but it was far from bad, in my opinion. The other two... Spare Ribs and Chicken Feet... They were alright... Flavored fairly, cooked decently... Nothing great... I've had better, but I've also had worse.
If I'm back in this area next time I'm in Philly, and craving Dim Sum, I just may find myself back in here... But it's really not a destination place.This was ok.  The noodle wonton soup was very good but the dim sum we ordered didn't have a lot of flavor and were a little gummy.  Also, the service could have been a little better.This Sang Kee is underrated. I think because it's in a hotel in University city and not in China Town. You can't come here expecting amazing service, but you can expect delicious, authentic Chinese food and the ability to find parking. The food comes out fast and their congee is the best in the city. Beef Chow Fun and Flounder with Sezchuan sauce are two of my favorites.The food and the ambience here is good. I used to dine in weekly.
But since my last experience , I'll avoid this place in the future.
A middle aged lady served us, and she said the fish I ordered was out of stock. It reminded me this was the second time she told me that. (The first time was weeks ago, I ordered fish, she said it would take a long waiting time and suggested to change the order, I told her I could wait.  But she returned later and told me the fish was out of stock. )   
This time I know she lied to my face. 
We did not make the order with her. A new waiter took my fish order without problem and the fish came to our table under 8 mins.
As a waitress, she is not supposed to control our orders, or here for making friends with the chef. And there are a lot of other good restaurants around could give us what are on their menu.I've always loved this place since high school. Steamed shrimp dumping are the best ever, General Taos chick is good. Everything is great it's a classic for me. Great portion sizes and affordable prices.Their food is below average, but their service is the worst I've ever experienced in the entire city!!!
Rude, ungracious staff.
Food was late, cold and incorrect.
They did nothing to correctOrdered the bulgogi rice bowl and shanghai dumplings. The rice are not korean rice, and the kimchi taste like vomit after drinking too much. The dumplings took forever to come out. Even tho it took forever, the dumplings are not even hot, there's no steams at all!!! The skins are thick and hard. The frozen dumplings taste even better.I wanted to go out to eat. My husband wanted to stay in. He won. But we both did, really. Fantastic meal! I had the winter melon, dry shrimp, shiitake mushroom hot pot. Yum! And I felt somewhat virtuous. He had the sautéed seafood combo. I'm telling you, fish so fresh you could slap it! The shrimp and scallops and squid were sheer perfection. I ate a lot off his plate when he wasnt looking. We didn't have dessert, but get the gelato pistachio concoction. I want to live vicariously through you!Stopped here for dinner one night and got the veggie spring rolls (yum! served with hot mustard and duck sauce for dipping) and the beef asparagus in spicy sweet sauce.  Food came out quickly and piping hot.  Loads of flavor and topped it off with a Vietnamese Iced Coffee.  Will def be my go to dinner/lunch spot when in Philly.Wow, this place was freaking packed when we showed up at 1pm on a weekday. We had about a 10 minute wait before getting a table (a somewhat unusual occurrence at most U. City lunch spots). It took us a while to get menus and I think they forgot to give us the menu listing the lunch specials. 
Eventually, a waitress came to take our order. She was neither effusively nice nor rude - I might say emotionless. About 15 minutes after taking our order, she brought me my food and informed my lunchmate that they were out of whatever he ordered, so he had to put in another order. I'm not a big fan of when food comes out of the kitchen staggered, but it's even worse when they have to retake one of the orders as they are delivering one!
Once we finally had our food, everything was fine. My spicy noodle dish was OK and my friend liked his food. The check wasn't outrageous, but I think we would have done better had we had the lunch menu.
I probably won't rush back here, but I would not be opposed to coming back should the opportunity arise.I have been to this place many times, in fact I use to come here regularly. Sadly over the last few years the quality of food has decreased. The food they currently serve looks meager (while more pricier as well) compared to other Sang Kee places.Sang Kee Noodle House provides passable Chinese food -- it's generally okay, but not great.  
Flounder fillet and tofu in Szechuan sauce was enjoyable. This is not authentic Szechuan, but the fish was tender, the tofu cubes were silky, and the sauce was spicy (with sliced hot green peppers, maybe jalapenos?) 3.5 stars
New Zealand lamb casserole had some fatty chunks of lamb but meat was generally on the tough side. Had watercress, scallions, a bit of water chestnut, mushroom & bamboo all in the brown sauce. 2.5 stars
Sizzling short rib was so-so. Meat was tender and fatty, and cooked the right amount, but not very flavourful.  2 stars.
Beef Chow (Ho) Fun (flat wide rice noodles) were not bad. Noodles were soft and chewy as they should be. There wasn't a lot of vegetables fried in with the noodles -- it was mostly the rice noodles with some pieces of beef. Not very flavourful. 2.5 stars
Pea leaves with roasted garlic were pretty good. Simple dish of tender green leafy vegetables, as it should be. 4 stars.
Also had a Tropical Island smoothie, which was was pretty good, sweet and fruity.
I'd probably go back for the fish and pea leaves or try some other dishes. Or maybe the ho fun if I had a craving for it in UCity.In terms of Chinese fare (Americanized or not), Sang Kee is probably one of the best in the University City area. I have had the duck+bok choy+rice bowl, as well as the lemon chicken noodle soup. Both were very good lunch deals, and left me pleasantly full afterward.If you love you some giant Udon noodles in a giant bowl of perfectly seasoned, lightly flavored chicken broth with some Chinese broccoli, Sang Kee is your place. Throw some Asian seasoned, moist, and not-so-fatty duck on top, and you've got yourself a dish pretty damn close to authentic daily Chinese fare.Food was just okay compared to other Chinese or Thai restaurant. I met with my old friend an wanted to spend some good time together but all was ruined. A middle age lady served us. She first came when we greeted each other so we told her to give us more time. She came back in just 1 minute and said if we were ready to order! We said again to give more time but it was rude. Worst thing happen when we almost finished our dinner. The lady came twice and asked if we were finished without any smile. We were literally rushed. I did not even want to pay a tip but it was already included when I got the bill. There are tons of kind and nice restaurants around Penn. I do not to go back to this place...Let me start off by saying that although I now live in New Jersey, I am originally from Toronto - one of the best cities for Chinese food (same level as San Francisco and Vancouver).
I came for dinner with the family on Sunday since I was staying at the Sheraton for business and did not feel like driving to Chinatown.
I would say this eatery is targeting mainly University students. Some of the dishes were good, while others missed the mark.
First reason for losing stars from me is that many items on the menu were not available that evening. We were disappointed to find out that most of the dishes we were planning to order were not available: crab, lobster, special chicken dish.
Second, we were told that the Peking duck, full size, only came with 4 pancakes...really? Pancakes are made with flour and water, I know because I have made them before! We also were told that they did not serve the duck bones as a second course, so that makes me wonder how much of the duck do you really get? We noticed that other tables around us who ordered duck with rice only got the duck bones part...little meat. Put 2+2 together yourself.
The Green beans with minced pork and General Tao Chicken were good. But the Clams in Black Bean Sauce was missing some heat, had many 'empties', and had sand in quite a few of them. The Crispy Tofu in XO sauce was missing some flavour other than soy sauce and the tofu was not what I expected as crispy.
If you are looking for a good Chinese dinner with rice, I would recommend the extra trek to Chinatown...have not tried their resto there yet, but on the list for next time!While the food served was flavorful and nicely prepared. This was not true Chinese cuisine.  It was Chinese for Americans ... and incorporated other Asian fusion elements. That meant that my dim sum was flat tasting and the spicy shrimp ... wasn't.  
Service was slow, the main dish came out before the appetizers, and my Peking Duck roll was cold (not supposed to be).
My glass of wine was so small they used a sherry glass ... and prices were inflated.
Overall ... not a place I will return to or recommend.First time there and I'd def go back.  Very good pad thai - flavorful, nicely sized portion and the shrimp was fresh.  A mango smoothie was a nice finale.  
I dined early on a Thursday evening and the place was filled...unfortunately this included an immature group of douchebags sitting directly behind me screaming in my ear.Sang Kee is reliable Chinese food but it's not anything to write home about. Its convenient location has become a staple among students who need something fast but don't want to skimp on the integrity of the food. I've come here so many times during busy weeks because I needed to eat fast so I could go back to living at the library. 
Now wait, fast service at a sit-down restaurant? Yes, that definitely describes Sang Kee! They have such a high turnover but maybe it's because you can't tolerate their horrible service any more so you're compelled to leave as soon as you finish your meal.
I've never left with a positive experience of their service. The waiters are not pleasant or attentive. They forget to put your order in, or they'll take 20 minutes and 3 reminders to bring you Siracha sauce. They won't tell the chef that you want something to be spicy or mild. They have absolutely the WORST service. The only reason it's still successful is because it's consistent and convenient. You leave full and content; and in the end, that's what matters to most people.Eaten here a bunch of times and ordered lots of different things here. 
Some of the things I've had:
*Lemongrass chicken w/ white rice and veg: 4 out of 5
*General Tsos Chicken: 4 out 5
*Honey Walnut Shrimp: 2 out of 5
Both chicken dishes are really good. The Honey Walnut Shrimp had way too much of a fruity taste for my liking.
For prices, not that this place is expensive, but some prices are heavily inflated. General Tsos is like 15 bucks which is way too much, while the lemon grass chicken is 9 bucks, great price.
If you're in the mood for asian, overall, I would say this is a good spot. 
Note that service can be really really slowLiterally the best shrimp dumplings I've had anywhere -so flavorful! They do delivery now and the big bowl of soup is amazing. I've gone here with friends before and their chinese food is fantastic tooUgh.....I'm not gonna lie....I was sorely disappointed when I came here expecting delicious noodles and tapioca milk tea and did not get either!  First off, why would you list tapioca under your drink options if you decided to no longer serve it?!?!?!?!? The server literally said, "we don't have tapioca because it's too fat."  And then, for a restaurant to have the word "Noodle House" in its name, one would expect glorious noodles, right? TOTALLY WRONG!  I ordered dan dan noodles and it was pretty awful (it tasted oddly peanutbutter-y and the noodles were mushy and overcooked).  
I will say that the location is pretty convenient (especially if you're staying at the Sheraton University City) and some of their other dishes were okay.  The Shanghai juicy buns were tasty enough, but not much broth in the dumplings and the spicy pork belly was prepared well.  Overall, I probably wouldn't come back...I don't know where they get their shrimp, but they are the best tasting shrimp ever In the pad Thai. Very firm, almost lobster tasting shrimp. So good.great food - try wonton noodle soup.  Hong Kong quality.  Xiao Long Bao also delicious.  Service can be better though.  Need smile.I met some friends here; as my friends raved about this place and it was Univ. Dining Days.  So there were two couples and a 2 year old at the table.  We ordered.  10 minutes later I got my entree but nobody else got theirs.  Then another 5 minutes later (I started eating already) waiter came out and said they were out of a key ingredient for the other 3 entrees; did we want to order something else?  We said send us a manager.  He was nice and took another order and they gave us all the later entrees for no charge.  But the food was pretty greasy and barely edible ; My wife took 3 bites and didn't even ask to take the rest home.  My Pad Thai was OK, but was not spicy at all despite being labelled as spicy on the menu.     and i had to take our 2 year old to run up and down the Sheridan elevator to entertain him while everyone else finished eating.  The one star is for the fact they acknowledged their error and made good on it.  But the food was no worth the price in any event.  My wife was hungry when she got home.Say 3.5 stars. During my second visit here, my husband and I tried the sweet taro coconut soup, veggie Singapore noodles and stewed veg tofu coconut curry with white rice. We asked them to make the entrees extra spicy. 
The soup was mild and delicious with the right amount of sweetness to it. The noodles and the tofu curry were not spicy at all, and could also use a little more salt - overall they just didn't seem as flavorful as I expected. My previous experience with spicy potato and mei fun noodles in black pepper sauce was great and I should stick with those items in future. The portions were big though and I might spice up the leftovers at home.This is an older review that got lost in my drafts, so apologies if this is outdated a little.
So this is a review for their noodle bowls. I've gone to this place maybe 76 times in my Penn career, and I've gotta say, I'm still not sick of their noodle bowls. Their other dishes vary little from average Chinese food; however, I'll recommend two dishes that were surprisingly better (although cost more as well): the stuffed eggplant in black bean sauce, and the seafood cantonese noodles (crispy noodles covered in sauce).
That said, we're going off-point here. Noodle bowls. These things are surprisingly cheap, and surprisingly filling. $5-7 a bowl, ranging from roast pork to lemon grass chicken and udon to egg noodles, they cover a wide range and bring a very familiar Canto taste with them that reminds me of my days in Hong Kong. :)
Granted, don't expect anything fancy or super high quality here. BUT if you consider that it's a restaurant that sits inside the Sheraton hotel, and its proximity to University City, and how decently the actual food tastes, it's really a good deal for good portions of pretty solid food.
This is only second to my first love, Sang Kee Peking Duck House in Chinatown. If you have the option, opt for the one in Chinatown; it makes a difference.Always delicious always fast, always tasty and doesn't break the bank. My favorite thing to get there is the bak choi with tofu and black mushrooms with brown rice. Even my boyfriend (who is not usually a fan of tofu) liked it! Also good choices are the juicy buns and fish with spicy sauce I think in a clay pot (one of their specials).A friend took us here for the shrimp dumpling noodle soup and another was delighted to dive into a huge bowl of roast pork noodle soup.  The wait staff was helpful, especially as we are non-native, and came by multiple times to check on us and fill our water.  I ordered a lychee martini, which was yum, but they delivered it with the same level of service as everything else and just crowded onto the table. The dishes(aside from the noodle soup bowls which are huge) tend to be small, which means you can try a number of selections. I would recommend as a great spot to get a filling meal.  Will be back again next time I am going to the U Penn Museum of Archaeology.I easily get disgusted with Chinese food when it's done half-assed! Either cook it right or close your restaurant!Their noodle soups are quite good here for lunch or dinner. However, I'm concentrating this review on their weekend dim sum. I would NOT recommend it. I'm from SF, have lived in several different cities on the east coast and west coast, so I've had my share of terrific and terrible dim sum. 
I had been to Sang Kee for dinner a few times before and found their food to be good, so I thought I'd give their dim sum a try. However, I was very disappointed. Much of their dishes looked reheated, in particular, the egg tarts (overly sweet and clearly not fresh as the custard was sloped down and a pasty yellow color), beef noodle rolls (wrinkled skin, thick), and peach-shaped red bean buns (which actually had lotus seed filling inside, not red bean), and tofu crepes were not made well, which  made me question their other dim sum dishes. The only one that seemed good was the siu mai-- it looked fresh, was hot throughout, and tasted good. The sticky rice wrapped in lotus leaves was okay, as was the scallion pancakes and char siu bao (except that it looked like red food coloring had been heavily used). Their "steamed shrimp dumplings" turned out to be pork/beef potstickers that had been steamed. 
Overall, I can't say I recommend their dim sum at all. If you want better dim sum, go to south philly to the places on Washington Street.
In addition to the poor quality of their dim sum, I was appalled at their service. I've typically hadn't had any complaints of their service, but the waiter we had was extremely slow in coming to take our order-- so much so that I had to ask other waitstaff and the hostess about having someone take our order. It wasn't as if he forgot-- he looked over at our table several times, making eye contact with me, and even took the order of another table before ours, even though we were seated and ready to order first. 
I would go back if I had a strong craving for noodle soup dishes, which they do well and I would not hesitate to take family members from SF there, but I won't go back ever for their dim sum.Today, was a belated birthday lunch for my co-worker. She chose Sangkee and it turned out to be a wonderful decision. I ordered the Pork Belly Rice Bowl w/ a mango smoothie. The pork belly was tender, seasoned, and the sauce was similar to a chinese bbq sauce.  I added hot oil on the side for a little spice.  
Service, the service was excellent and the restaurant wasn't crowded.  I felt like I was in a five star restaurant.  The server was very attentive and was within arms reach.  Water glasses refilled, dishes cleared from our table etc...  Don't cheat yourself and order food for pickup, please have a seat and enjoy a delicious meal...  Kudos to the Sang Kee staff, foh and kitchen....It looked promising, the soup looked really good on a cold day. Table water tasted like it just came out of the faucet, it was disgusting so we had to buy bottled water. I found two pieces of black hair in my soup!!! The dumplings were cold in the middle and the rice made my wife sick a few hours later. This place was gross all around. Food negligence like I've never seen before.My friends and I went here this week because one thought it was ridiculous that I had never eaten here before.  Fortunately I was not disappointed. 
I was skeptical - a Chinese food joint that tries to do other asian cuisines can truly be hit or miss.  That being said, I was warned not to order anything but Chinese food.  Apparently their Thai and Korean dishes aren't good at all.  
I ordered the roast pork egg noodle soup with vegetables.  I was told that this soup is prepared very authentcally and is probably the best thing on the menu.  It was delicious!  For $6 it was loaded with big pieces of pork, lots of egg noodles, and lots of bright green, crisp broccoli rabe.  It felt like I was eating a comforting homemade soup and not something loaded with fat and MSG.  There was so much of it that I could only finish half of it.  Of course, that could be because of the banana and strawberry smoothies I had with it....  
Definitely check out this place, but be wary of what you order. Also, be patient; the service is kind of slow (and hence the 3 stars instead of 4).The waiters at this restaurant work very hard to give good customer service and are friendly. Service is also quick, which is helpful when you are a student on the run. This place serves dim sum on the weekends, but oddly it doesn't serve any fried taro dumplings which is usually a dim sum staple. Overall though, the food is good and service is good.This is my fav lunch spot. Their general chicken and shrimp is a must have! Also the house pan fried noodles is A+Really? No 5-star ratings? Maybe my taste in Chinese food is bad, because this is as good as it gets (especially for duck). I've been down to the location in Chinatown a couple of times, but when Sang Kee opened a location on Penn's campus, my girlfriend and I came here a lot more often. The location in the Sheraton is very nice; there is plenty of seating everywhere, and service is very quick and efficient.
Hands down, you have to try the Peking duck here. Whether it's half a duck or a whole duck or just a couple of duck rolls, Sang Kee has the best duck I've tasted at a Chinese restaurant. The meat is always tender and juicy, and when you add in the duck sauce it really just hits the spot. The noodle soup is also well-done, compared to some run-of-the-mill shops I've eaten it from. One of our favorite dishes (if overlooked) are the watercress dumplings; these are prepared really well, and the watercress brings a unique flavor to what would be an ordinary pork dumpling.
Another great thing about the new place is that they send out specials every now and then that are really worth it (e.g. $20 if you spend more than $40, if I recall, was one of the early specials). Perhaps this is to offset the slightly higher price, but nevertheless it's just more incentive to go visit and eat more duck. All in all, they've done a really good job with the place and have saved students a long trip out to the Vine Street Expressway (literally).Been coming here a lot and I LOVE LOVE LOVE the food ..... it never lets me down. And the drinks are strong !!I'm eating here rite now because I'm staying in this hotel. This place was packed at around 6 pm, hence it's now 9 pm and I can eat in peace. I'm eating the shrimp roll and sang kee wonton soup. Very plain looking as the soup has nothing  but the wontons and green onions and the shrimp roll comes with no display. Both good but a little on the salty side. The shrimp roll is packed with shrimp so that's good. I initially thought it was a fresh roll, however it's deep fried. Cleaner than some other Chinese restaurants I have been to but nothing special, good Decore and layout though. Service was normal, nothing spectacular nothing horrible. I'd come here again but just out of convenience.Food is okay, but the portion is very small. So, it is a $$+ restaurant. 
I went there during lunch hours. It was empty. How can they maintain the business? 
I would not recommend this place.Food (7.5/10) = The food for the most part was so-so.  Ordered the following:
"Lemon Grass Grilled Chicken w. Veg" = This was the best dish we ordered that night.  The grilled flavor was nice.  Everyone has heard this before... sometimes the best is usually simple.   
"Singapore Noodle (Thin glass rice noodle w. shrimp, roasted pork, onion, pepper in Indian curry sauce)" = This dish was ok, but wasn't bad.  I've had better singapore noodles before.   
"Chicken w. Oriental Eggplant in Garlic Sauce" = the flavor was boring.  Chicken was certainly tender, but everything else was a low note.  My least favorite of the four dishes we ordered. 
"Shredded Pork and Thousand Years Egg Congee" = again, just like the singapore noodles, this dish was ok.  I've had better.
Ambiance (7.5/10) = The decor is rather nice.  It's a restaurant inside the Sheraton hotel close to University of Pennsylvania.  
Service (6.5/10) = Where was the water?  We came here after 9 pm, and we were one of a few tables to be served that night.  No excuse for not having/refilling water for your guests...especially when hardly anyone else was there eating, and when diners can see waiters just standing around in the back chatting.  
Overall Opinion =  This area of Philly has a lot of food trucks, and the Chinese food served by some of these trucks taste better and are cheaper.  The only dishes I would order again from Sang Kee are the "rice dishes."I thought the food was pretty good.  Sure, it's not chinatown quality but for  eating near school, it's pretty good. 
I had the vegetable fried rice and the sweet and sour chicken (comes with white or brown rice).  I had the food to go.  Both dishes came in the same plastic container and the rice came in a typical white chinese take out box.
The fried rice had a lot of flavor and was definitely good enough to eat on it's own.  The sweet and sour chicken was also good with lots of flavor and rice.
Unlike other reviewers, I didn't think that the portions were too small.  I thought it was a good quantity...my friend and I were definitely full.
It's great for some quick and simple chinese take out or dine in located in University City.Disappointed with the food and the service.
Ordered 4 dishes and none of them was tasty.
 The waiter wasn't familiar with its menu.
Won't come back.Not the best spicy noodles in the city but not bad either. I usually get the chicken curry soup and always ask for it "extra hot" even though it never comes spicy enough for me. I use a lot of Siracha to fix that. Sometimes the service is slow in this place but that might be because it's usually very busy with a mix of hotel patrons and students. The price is a little on the high side for what you get but that's to be expected in a restaurant attached to a hotel in University City.Service can be frustrating, because most of the waiters seem to prefer speaking in Chinese. If you're craving the typical Americanized Chinese menus, like the general Tso Chicken or Ginger Chicken, try some place else. Sangkee is rather pricey for what it serves, although I wouldn't say that the food here is anything bad. It's just what you would expect from your order. Don't go for any of the exquisite menus, either, because despite its location (in the lobby of Sheraton), they don't specialize in gourmet Chinese cuisine. Rather, try their fried rice because they have the best fried rice in the neighborhood.
Make sure you sign up for the "VIP" card, because this card lets you accumulate you points. Take-outs are processed quickly, although for some reason their fried rice seems to taste better when eaten in, rather than taken out.My major had dinner here for graduating seniors last night... in order to feed about 30-40 people we had a lot of different dishes brought to tables and we all just ate family style. 
The variety was pretty good but I wasn't really that impressed with the food. It was your typical sweet and sour shrimp, noodles, dumplings, chicken/beef with vegetables... dessert was a sampler of different ice creams, they were ok.
Overall, I wasn't blown away. I guess I need to go one day where I can pick something I want and actually be able to taste my food without having 5 different things on my plate. 
I've heard prices are low, so that's something to look forward to.I had to write an update after trying a totally different style of dishes tonight.
For this visit, we opted for a more modern Asian cuisine and was very impressed with the quality, quantity, and service.
The first dish we ordered was the pork belly wrapped with steam buns. My family devoured the entire thing before I can take a picture, but one taste and you'll know why! The buns were light and fluffy, the pork belly was so soft (like eating marshmallows), and they added a squirt of spicy sirarcha mayo on it. If pigs were made of clouds, this is what they would taste like.
Next comes the garlicy crusted short ribs. The outside was glazed with a layer of smokey garlic, the inside was savory and tender meat that yields with a gentle tear. The meat was perfectly marinated with a touch of sweetness that I couldn't pinpoint. This is better than Korean short ribs IMHO because it had more complex flavors with the garlic, soy sauce, and some sweet sauce...perhaps honey.
Then comes the spicy pork belly with cabbages. I'm in love with the fragrant chili oil and the creaminess of the pork belly. The chili oil gives the pork a nice peppery smell without killing my taste buds. The fatty skin of the pork has a nice chewy texture, the meat of the pork is lean. This is the Asian version of bacon and makes the perfect sidekick to a bowl of white rice.
Last but not least, we tried the salt and pepper shrimp and was amazed at the simplicity but complex flavors of this dish. The shrimp was pan fried with a layer of tempura breading with garlic, five spices (I think), salt, and pepper. The shrimp was springy and juicy, the breading had sprinkles of five spice, shallots, and garlic. The result is a symphony of spices that tickles every part of my tongue. 
Overall, I'm truly impressed with this place and quite shocked that it only had three stars. Unlike other Chinese restaurants in Philly, I didn't hurry to chug a quart of water from the MSG. If you're looking for a clean, reasonably priced Asian restaurant, this is it!Gina M. and I went here with a groupon, and we will definitely go back without one.  It was a very enjoyable experience.
The menu has a lot going on, but I went with the crowd favorite, beef chow fun.  Wow was that delicious.  I've never had chow fun before so my basis for comparison is nil, but it was amazeballs.  I have caught myself daydreaming about it a few times since.
I wasn't entirely impressed with the dim sum sampler.  I found the dumplings to be a little bland and sweaty.  But live and learn, that's what I say.  
In addition to delicious noodles, parking was easy, service was fast & friendly, and the ambiance was cool.  I will be back!Expensive, terrible food. There was dried food on my chopstick. Lukewarm, fatty chicken and a watered down, nuclear waste colored "coconut" drink (which is two for one, if you like having two orders of something gross). If you have to get something here, get vegetables like the roasted garlic pea leaves. Those are fine. Why anyone would pick this over Han Dynasty down the street is beyond me, though.I have been going to this place for year with family and friends.  It's been said in other posts's but pork and duck are tremendous.  Soups are delicious tooThe first time I went to Sang Kee, I tried their duck noodle soup. I hated it. I had a duck noodle soup at their Reading Terminal Market location weeks before and disliked it, so I thought I would give this University City location a try. But it turned out I still disliked it. A year later, I decided to give Sang Kee another chance. Perhaps I just dislike bone-in duck. So this time I ordered the beef brisket noodle soup. It was not the best I've tried, but passable. It came out fast despite the restaurant being packed on a Saturday night. My boyfriend's beef chow fun was really good. The dumplings, however, were way too greasy. I then tried papaya with snow fungus for dessert. I really liked it. It wasn't too sweet. Sang Kee seems to be a hit-or-miss for me overall.This place is very bland and "meh." The food variety is great, but I have yet to order a dish to make me feel like it's a very great restaurant. In fact, because I've been there often and haven't gotten very good food yet, I give it 2 stars.I came for dim sum, and the food was super mediocre. I'd suggest traveling to Chinatown for cheaper dim sum that tastes better. I had the pan fried turnip cakes (a staple), which were of good consistency. I also ordered their siu mai, which were pretty standard fare as well.
Then I remember ordering steamed dumplings (3), which were actually undercooked. Maybe the dumplings had freezer burn or something, but the dough was dry and not steamed through at all (for all three dumplings). I asked my waiter about the dumplings, so he nicely offered to get me another dish, and the manager actually came out to apologize and remove it from my check. I was thankful for his courtesy, but when the dumplings came out, they still were undercooked. I didn't want to complain about anything, so I ended up leaving them partially uneaten.
A friend of mine ordered some noodle or rice dish, and there were no complaints from the other end of the table. Sangkee usually has pretty good food, but their dim sum is par or sub par.Good food, although some are "American Chinese" food so they're not that authentic. The shanghai noodles are amazing.Sang Kee Noodle house is a Ucity staple. I've bn coming here for years and always love whatever i get. Service is usually fast and staff is polite. Lunch time get busy but things move fast despite it being a packed house. Im a big fan of the noodle soups and lotus seafood fried rice.I usually really like Sang Kee but today had a terrible experience. I ordered the House Special Noodle Soup, and as I started eating it, my fingers started becoming really itchy. This has never happened to me eating any restaurant, and I think it was because of the MSG in the soup. Later, other parts of my hand began to become very itchy and now, 30 minutes after eating the soup and I am home, I feel better.In my entire life I have never felt inclined to write out a yelp review of any establishment until I was forced to eat breakfast at this restaurant. I have never had a more terrible or stressful experience when trying to simply get some eggs and toast. The waiters communication was poor and our food took about 40 minutes to be brought out. It got to the point where we only had 5 more minutes before we had to leave the hotel to go to our event, so I politely asked the waiter to check on our food and explained the circumstances. When he went over to the cook to ask she looked up and stared at our table and loudly exclaimed "Leave then". To say I felt disrespected is an understatement. Not to mention we are about to compete in our championship meet and if we do not receive breakfast we will be without food for the next 8 hours. Overall, this restaurant and its staff led to a morning of stress, frustration and pure anger and unless those are emotions that you enjoy, I would suggest never stepping foot in this establishment.Despite it's prices, this place had good service. My friends and I were seated immediately. The waiter was very accomodating. It was around 9pm when we walked in and the place still had a few customers. Our group also asked for the check to be split, which the owner begrudgingly did for us.
I ordered the rice noodles with shrimp: it was very bland and the noodles seemed over-cooked. However, my friend ordered a cheese and curry seafood fried rice dish and it was delicious. Portion size was enough to feed two people and the mix of flavor was very interesting. Baked cheese over fried rice and curry? Sounds a bit risky but if I had to come back, I'd order this again. On the other hand, my friend also ordered two plates of dimsum and the soup of the day, both of which did not seem too appetizing. Based on this, their food seems to be either a hit or miss.
Most of the items on the menu are at least $12 or more. Even a bowl of soup is $8. Given the quality of the food, I feel the food is definitely overpriced. Service is decent, but unless its for that particularly fried rice cheese curry dish, I would spend my money elsewhere.Our dishes were given to the table next to us.When they found the mistakes, they just took the dishes back and gave to us in a few seconds pretending that nothing happened, and did not even try to explain. But in fact we could definitely recognize whether the dishes were newly cooked or not, and we were pretty sure that they just gave those on the wrong table back to us. As a loyal customer for more than 4 years. I felt so disgusting for this dishonest. They deserve an extreme bad feed back to remind them of the basic respect to their customers and to help them learn to be honest which they have lost.
总结一句，这家店竟然把错放在我们旁边桌上至少五分钟的菜，在我们眼前直接拿到厨房走一圈，连热都不热一下就直接再端给我们。。。毫无歉意和诚信可言。。。大家以后在此吃饭多小心。。。I used to rave about this place, recommending it to everyone and I'd order lunch from them at least once a week. Well, they've increased their prices and now offer less options in the lunch specials! Ummm I'll pass...I haven't been back in months and don't plan to go back...there are better options out there.Sang Kee Noodle House has some of the fastest service I've ever experienced. The second you sit down, there is a waiter setting water in front of you and ready to take your order. Once you choose from their extensive menu, the food is typically out within 5-10 minutes. They give you very large portions, so either be prepared to eat a lot or take home some leftovers. Quality Chinese food at a decent price!It's cheap, it's (usually) real Chinese food, it's close to campus, and it's big so there's little wait time. I've gone there probably 5 times since it's opened (they have great coupons if  you sign up for the newsletter). I like their needle noodle, and all the other noodle dishes I've tried. Their peking duck is amazing, of course. Haven't tried any rice dish yet but it IS a noodle house so get the noodles, you crazy! Also, it's a BYO for now until they get their liquor stuff in order!
Negatives -- The xiao long tang bao (soup buns, they call it steamed shanghai juice buns) are not soupy and rather dry.. NOT good. They also really need to work on their service, because our water NEVER gets refilled, we have found hair in the dishes, and it sometimes takes forever to get the waiter's attention to order. Otherwise it's be 4 stars.
HURRAY decent Chinese place in University City!!! I'm intrigued by the possibility of karaoke too...This place is located deceptively inside a Sheraton, but it's clientele is pretty low-key and the prices are reasonable (not any more than Beijing on Spruce St. and higher quality).  I like the seafood pan-fried noodles; the squid is soft and the noodles are not too hard if you let them sit in the hot starchy sauce for a bit (but if you like your noodles crunchy, dig in right away).  
The eggplant in garlic sauce was fairly tasty and the dish goes well with steamed rice which comes with your meal.  The dan-dan (spicy peanut sauce) noodles were, as the name implied, spicy.  I could not finish them but they were edible, as was every dish I've ordered here.  The consistently average to slightly above-average fare is what will be bringing me back to this place.
The noodle soups are good if you're dining solo.  The sweet beverages are good if you're looking for a sugar high - I got the thai iced tea here on one visit.  The entree portions are filling but small enough so that the one dish per one person rule can hold if you're not eating family-style, but sharing is also possible.  I didn't try anything from the appetizers/dim sum menu, but they looked appetizing.
The service is average, though my waiter wasn't too cooperative when I asked him for recommendations.  Plenty of Asian patrons come here, so it provides adequately authentic fare, which I would call "fusion," since it's menu contains a mixture of Japanese, Korean, Thai, and Chinese dishes.  
Service: B
Taste: BIt was pretty good, but not the best I've ever had. They don't serve alcohol yet (no license I suppose) so that was a dissapointment. Overall the staff as pretty friendly and everythign looked clean and well maintained.chicken and oriental eggplant is really good. so is Tom yum soup (if you like seafood) and bento boxes.I came to have breakfast with my wife around 9 in the morning. The manager told me they can't handle too much customer all at once. There was only 15 or 18 Custumer in the restaurant. There was many seats emptied and available; but they said they can't handle too much customer at once. I have never seen a Chinese Restaurant that turn down money.
The only reason my wife and I tried out this Restarunt was because of their name. We normally go to Sang kee duck house on 9th and Race in Chinatown. The food there is always good and the place always stay full. But no matter how full they are ; they never turn down any customers.
This is the first and last time we will be coming to this Sang kee Restarunt. 
I would give this place 0 star if I can; but this app's wouldn't let me.Not a fan. I dined at the Chinatown location years ago and also wasn't impressed. There's many other great places to eat at if you're craving a tasty Asian meal. 
I got the lunch box special. Rice, chicken, soup for $12
The rice had an odd flavor. The chicken wasn't at all appetizing. It was covered in burnt - black garlic.. awful texture and the sauce was so off. The wonton soup was even worse :( the moment I open the container is smelled like a fish market on a hot summer day.. beyond fishy, not fresh at all. 
Was starving and was looking forward to my nice lunch but oh well..A warm broth noodle soup spilling over with duck, roast pork, dumplings and veggies is enough to stave off the winter cold!Cheap.  Open all the time. Huge food. Tasty enough to think about. Has booze.
The above combination tends to be enough to keep me happy.
Oh, Sang Kee Noodle House... you are bold.
But are you... daring?
Not quite over the top for the 4 star rating. Don't get me wrong, I'm a fan of the place. They have a lot of my favorite dishes, and they do them well, and gigantically. But I think about it, and I have to rank it against other establishments I frequent for said food items.
Pho: 
They have it, and it's the best Pho in UCity in my opinion, even comparing to the place on 43rd and Spruce... but it can't quite hold up against my favorite spots in Chinatown and South Philly.
Authentic Chinese dishes: 
Pretty tasty. I've tried a few of their dim sum items, as well as some Chinese noodle soups and the like. All I can say is it's worth it. It's all good.
But again - there are at least two or three places I can think of that do those items better.
American Chinese dishes:
I'm a sucker for General Tso, egg rolls, and scallion pancakes. This place kicks ass with them, but so do a lot of others. Good and distinctive are not always the same in my book.
Duck:
Well, here's where the original Sang Kee in Chinatown really shines. In my opinion, they kinda shoot the UCity location in the foot for this reason. SKNH has good duck, but it's just not as good as their original location.
Totally worth it, though, if you can't make it out to Chinatown to deal with the ridiculous wait at Sang Kee Peking Duck House.
Other: 
As I hinted above, they have a full bar. This is pretty awesome for a Chinese food establishment, and actually makes the place one of my favorite spots to pregame with a large group before heading into whatever shenanigans I might get into.  However, again, there are other places when I'm not with a large group where I prefer to pregame. A good option, but not one of the best.
The place is always clean, bright, and has plenty of tables (and also a karaoke room!). Also, the service is always prompt and friendly. In that regard, it does have a leg up on some other places in Chinatown, because, I'll be honest, a lot of those places I go to purely for the food (but it's THAT much better).
I might come back later and upgrade this place to 4 stars, but today, for some reason, I just can't do it. Even though I'm thinking about eating there right now, after talking about it for so long. 
Argh!
Pro-tip:
I'm serious. Things here are huge. Nothing wrong with sharing, or getting things taken out.Having grown up in the Bay Area, I've been spoiled by good Chinese food.  I haven't had much of it out in Philly since it's all mostly greasy, unrecognizable take-out, but Sang Kee has been quite flavorful and relatively fresh.  I'm in love with their dumplings and enjoy the vinegary sauce that comes with the chicken dumplings - I'm not a fan of straight soy sauce for dumplings.  This isn't 5-star blow you away Chinese food, but it gets the job done without making you question whether you've eaten oil & breading coated chicken or squirrel like many other shady spots in this city.Inconsistent -either spot on or just eh.  The service is weird, quick, but indifferent.  When they are good, though, its really good, and choices for everyone.  Their duck is not greasy, its truly crispy and their soups are good on a gloomy day.I've read a couple reviews before writing mine... I guess I have low expectations on Chinese joints....because I was totally cool with this place! (even with slightly rusted thermo bottle that was served with my jasmine tea for a hot water refill)
First, I was very impressed with the cleanliness of the restaurant in the first impression. This alone gets like 2 stars. I never drink tap water at Chinese restaurants...but this wasn't one of the shady ones. Totally safe.
Second, the chive dumplings - steamed. Hands down. GET IT.
Between the two of us, we tried the chive dumplings, juicy buns(soup dumplings), mushroom dumplings, pork dumplings, veg spring rolls, seaweed salad(your good old neon green ones from a standard Japanese restaurant), curry chicken noodle soup, roasted duck noodle soup. ZOMG that was a lot of food!!! We over-ordered because it was a weekend brunch - meaning Sangkee had a dimsum menu available! Yay!! And of course, we were super duper hungry. In result, we ended up taking home about 60% of the food we ordered...totalfail.
But the bill was around $39 and I was happy to sample all these different dumplings. They have extensive list of noodles which you can choose with the choice of the soup. I'd go again. Mos Def.I stayed at the Sheraton in University City and met up with a friend for breakfast at Sang Kee. This is going to be a short review since their breakfast options are limited. 
Their Chinese menu is limited during breakfast. They mostly cater to Sheraton patrons, so not surprisingly their breakfast menu consists of continental breakfast items. 
I was craving Chinese, so I ordered from their Chinese menu. For breakfast, Sang Kee Noodle House only has a few dishes to choose from. Mainly a choice between Pork and Century Egg Rice Congee or Wonton Noodle Soup with a side of dough fritters. 
I ended up ordering the congee with dough fritter and it was good. Congee is one of those Chinese comfort foods and it really hit the spot. I would have enjoyed larger pieces of egg and pork, but that's not a huge deal.
The dough fritter was also a little bit too oily and hard. They also did not have any red vinegar, hot chili sauce or pepper readily available (common congee condiments).
I would go back to try their regular Chinese menu, but would not return for breakfast.For the price, portions, authenticity, and convenience, Sang Kee has the best chinese food in university city.  Like many chinese restaurants, your experience there depends on what you order.  My favorite is the shrimp Dumpling noodles w/ Duck.  If you like spicy like me, ask for the chili oil!I've been at Penn for almost two years and Sang kee is the closest Chinese restaurant. Well, it's the worst also. I don't even know where to start. I've visited them many times with friends and almost everything we order is a almost-unacceptable quality.
It's just bad I mean. Avoid if you don't have to eat there. Far better choices are 39 chestnut or Chengdu famous food or I believe some food trucks are actually better5 things-
1) Horrific customer service. Anyone who has had experiences in the Hospitality industry can say that Sang Kee's service just lacks . Their greetings are NOT "How are you? And what may I get for you?" but are "What do you want?" In a pissed-off decadence. 
2) DO NOT HAVE DIM SUM HERE. They use frozen Bean Buns (and other frozen dim sum food). If I wanted that I could have bought them myself from Chinatown. 
3) food quality declined significantly throughout the years... :(
4) DIRTY FILTHY floor. You don't want to know how disgusting their kitchen is. 
5) servers are extremely IMPATIENT if you want to take time and make sure they got your orders correct.
Please do yourself a favor, go to the Sang Kee in Chinatown. Not this one.This is an okay spot. Decent Chinese food, but far from great. I've been there a few times. I'm always satisfied, but never blown away.
The service is real good. They have a nice lunch special menu. It's about $8.50 for 3 items, $9.50 for four. The items include: drink, app, entree, and rice/noodle side. 
Also, all lunch boxes include a salad. It's kind of a basic salad with lettuce, tomato and cucumber, topped with a carrot ginger dressing.
The sauces they use can sometimes be a little bland. I would prefer there was more flavor to them. The Hot and Sour Soup was okay, but not flavorful enough. Same with the Chicken and Broccoli. I feel that if they could solve the flavor issue, they could be great. The food is always prepared well.
However, I did once get the low mein and it wasn't just the flavor that was an issue. They don't use what I feel are standard low mein noodles. They use very thin noodles. I prefer them slightly thicker, as I feel they taste much better when there is more substance to it.OK food and a nice place to come during the weekend for late morning dim sum if I don't have the energy to get to Chinatown. I like their turnip cake and also their dumplings.
An odd thing about this place - they don't seem to serve tea by the pot. I asked for a pot of tea and the waiter said I could only order by the single cup. So, I just didn't have tea.So I've hear of this sang kee biz for a while since apparently they're famed for the roast duck -- but i heard it's the one at reading terminal. Anyhoo, we went for UC Dining Days and you can definitely get a good deal/price on days that are not UC Dining Days. Take this review with a pinch of salt (MSG?) though, because I plan on going back and figuring out the rating for real.
Here's why this place was good:
Affordable and fast
Here's why this place was okay:
Appetizer of juicy buns was in fact not juicy. I've had waaaay better. The pork was tasty but they should have just called them pork dumplings.
My friend got their tofu curry ... and there was no tofu. We sent it back after much confusion on their behalf.
And in general the waitress wasn't really on point. So, in summary if you're in the area this is definitely a good place for lunch or what not. I'd definitely go back, maybe for dim sum and see how it goes!Very good Asian food. Hot and sour soup is terrific. Nice service. Adjacent to Sheraton, University City.You can always count on their beef chow fun! (at any location)
The other fish we ordered was a little disappointing though (it was a pork soup noodle dish).Got some delivery while visiting PA recently. Had the house fried rice which was very nice despite the fact they forgot the duck sauce. It had a nice flavor with chicken, fish, and some decent sized shrimp, which would have been the bomb with some duck sauce. Also had the best Genl Gaus chicken evah! Quality chucks of chicken were succulent. I am a big fan of the Dan Dan noodles which was the first time I had them. I totally enjoyed theses noodles which had just the right amount of heat. I'd say they were mild to medium.
The delivery guy met me out front of my hotel and feasted on Sangkee specialties which could only have been better with (did I mention) the duck sauce!
I will definitely go there the next time I come to Philly.OK, I'll admit that my previous review was of an experience close to around a year ago when I went there regularly.  But I went to Sang Kee this time with my family and it was kind of disappointing :( 
Yes, there is a nice ambiance, they have a lot of choices of drinks and food and the staff are very friendly and quick.  My problem was the food.  The Thai tea was waay too sweet, the snow pea leaves with garlic was too crunchy, the stuffed eggplant was kind of off, and so was the flounder filet.  I'm happy to say though that their beef chow fun has not changed a bit and neither has their Peking duck!  I also liked their Steamed Watercress Dumpling and sui mai.
Of course I will come back, but their chefs need to change some things a bit...A very long wait for both seating and for food. Had the vegetable spring rolls for appetizers, the shell was little soggy for me and it was bland. Then had the roasted duck egg noddle soup, nothing out of the extraordinary. It always seems like a very busy place here and the food takes forever to come. The servers are not very attentive and forgot to bring my bubble tea after I asked them at least twice. Two servers were standing around, kind of like hovering. Not a good feeling at all.This is the second Asian restaurant that I have eat at after DanDan.
Had the seafood pan fried Noodles- it didn't come fried. It claimed that it's double pan fried then egg noodle with shrimp, chicken, roast pork and mixed vegetable in oyster flavor sauce. It's very misleading for $14. Next, had the Tofu and mushroom with baby bok choy - it's a light vegetarian dish with minimum flavor for $14. 
Stewed Chestnut Chicken Casserole for $15 was the final dish that we ordered. I think this dish was the most tastiest compared to the other two, so I would recommend this.
I think if you are passing by at lunchtime during the weekdays, you can try their special lunch box which is around $10-$13 which you can "taste" most of their main dishes. I would try their lunch specials next time.
I do think this place is a tad more pricey for regular Chinese food. I wasn't excited after the meal but it seems like the closest Chinese place near me in Philly so I will come again if I am craving for Chinese.Decent dim sum but it is all made to order (no carts), which detracts from the instant gratification experience at more traditional dim sum places. 
Their standard dinner fare is okay but some of it is relatively overpriced for what you get. For example the egg drop soup consists only of broth only with whisked egg. They only sell large size which was $7. 
I tried the chicken chow fun which had good flavor but the chicken was very sparse. 
The mapo tofu was pretty good and reasonably priced at $10.
Not a terrible option but not my favorite in the area either. If craving dim sum and you don't want to deal with the hustle and bustle of Chinatown/parking problems them sang kee is a decent option.
I wish they delivered!Sang Kee Noodle House still serves okay Chinese food. This review is updated for takeout food I got.
For the food report, I use ^ to indicate a half-star and * for a full star. So, ***^ means 3.5 stars:
**** Snow pea leaves are good. It's a simple dish of green leafy vegetables, as it should be
***Crispy tofu in XO Spicy sauce was ok
*** Grilled short rib in korean bbq sauce
**^ Chili pepper crispy jumbo shrimp were not especially crispy
** Sauteed seafood combo
From my previous review (of food eaten in the restaurant):
***^ Flounder fillet and tofu in Szechuan sauce was enjoyable with tender fish, silky tofu, in a sauce with hot green peppers
**^ New Zealand lamb casserole: lamb was tough, and served with watercress, scallions, water chestnut, mushroom & bamboo in brown sauce
**^ Beef Chow (Ho) Fun (flat wide rice noodles) were not bad. Noodles were soft and chewy as they should be, but not very flavourful. Not much vegetables included
** Sizzling short rib was so-so. Meat was tender and fatty, and cooked the right amount, but not very flavourful
In summary, Sang Kee's food is generally all right, neither great nor awful. It's not a destination restaurant, but it's a contender if you're looking for a solid Chinese restaurant as close to Penn's campus as possible.I came here a few times during its grand opening week because they were giving out some crazy discounts.
I have to say, the place was incredibly busy but they managed to do an adequate job with service. The restaurant itself is large and bright, simply decorated and clean.
As for the food, we ordered a little bit of everything (because of the discounts). Standouts are the Singapore noodles and the flounder in spicy sauce (or something like that) because they've got a really good kick to them. The walnut shrimp here is also really, really good. Everything else is standard and pretty yummy, but nothing that I'd really fiend for.
The fruit smoothies they have are also really good. Fried ice cream is a little different here - not fried in tempura batter, but rather rolled in something like granola or oatmeal. So it's a little sweeter and heavier.
Not a bad place for a casual lunch or dinner.It's inside Sheraton hotel lobby. The design is pretty up to date and they maintain it well. It's like a lesser PF Chang's if you will. The service was pretty friendly and quick but we felt rushed to get and leave. I've had this kind of experience before but it's not comfortable. We got the calamari, beef noodles, some chicken dish, and some veggies (I didn't pay so I don't know the names or prices). They were just average, nothing special about it.
I'm sure there are better tasting Chinese places around but this option isn't terrible.I'm a fan. I love this place. I overeat every time I visit but it's totally worth it. Dimsum on the weekend for lunch is a great option.
The service at times could be a little off but the food is great (especially for the price).Mediocre food and even worse service. Rude and often will not fill your water or give a box until you askI used to love to come here a few years ago, as I thought the food was the "most authentic" chinese food near UCity. Perhaps this is still true and some dishes are more tasty, but the last two times I ordered bulgogi and chow fun and was sorely disappointed.
Do not order bulgogi at a self-proclaimed chinese restaurant. The bowl was very small, with very bland meat and sauces. The chow fun that I ordered for take out was the greasiest I have ever had, and I couldn't even finish more than 1/5 of the dish before feeling sick greasy. The dish was also comprised of 99% noodles and very little vegetables or meat. Finally, the prices are very high for the quality of food, although I suppose they have to account for high rent costs as they are connected to the Sheraton hotel.
For my friend's birthday dinner, we sat in a secret room in the back, and it was really nice having our own room where we sat at a circular table and seemed more intimate. Our waiter was extremely impatient and rude, and often mixed up our orders.Food a little above average. The Sang Kee in Wynnewood blows away this location - head there instead for an amazing meal.I like the noodles here, especially the Taiwan noodle, it's delicious and reminds me of home. I also like the Sichuan noodle, it's really special.They have a great lunch box special.  Food is pretty good.  Noodle bowls are alright.  Wait staff is so so and the bartenders are pretty terrible.  If your expectations aren't too high this is a pretty good place to get a bite to eat.My husband and I were staying at the Sheraton hotel and decided to have dinner at Sang Kee. We ordered the Lo Mein Shrimp and the Spicy Shrimp Stuffed Peppers. They were both delicious. And we really like the pickled cabbage that was brought out. The atmosphere was nice and clean, and the service was good as well. We were in town for a film festival nearby and the Filmmakers Brunch was held at Sang Kee.Eh. I give them three stars because 1.) pricing isn't terrible. 2.) location is great 3.) service was quick. The food was okay- I came for lunch. I had the Dan Dan Noodles and my friends got a bunch of other things- but what i had was ok- typical noodle dish, nothing different or exciting. But as mentioned, the price was reasonable, location is a plus, and the decor was average, so they deserve the 3 stars: no more, no less...I'm not gonna lie, the only reason I ate here was because I was staying in the hotel next door. But it was totally worth it. Lunch specials are such a deal! I got general tsos chicken and it was delicious (best I've had in a while). Also, it was ready so fast, I wasn't prepared for it when it came out! I'm giving it 4 starts because the fried rice and spring roll left something to be desired, but still worth a lunch out!The service there is so terrible! I won't go to this place anymore!! The food was okie, but one of the female servers was so rude and followed us for the whole process of paying tip. That old lady forced us to pay the tip what she wanted. Such a horrible experience!!!The food in San Kee is mostly as authentic as the Cantonese Cuisine I had in my hometown, Hong Kong, although they still have a bit of mixed with American taste. Anyways, I tried the roster duck noodle, walnut shrimp, general Tso's pork, ribs/pork with black pepper sauce, spicy fish and spicy pot. These are all good in general, but need to be less salty. Btw, I don't really like the steam dim sum here, because of over steaming which makes the world shrimp dumplings softened.Probably the safest bet here are the beef chow fun, the Tao chicken, and fried rice. Most dishes are pretty good and considering the price, they're worth it but don't expect to be blown away. 
One tip I would give is to avoid the soup noodles. Every time I come here for something soupy/brothy I leave less than satisfied. I'd say go for the stir fried or sauteed dishes! 
As for the service, I would say it's stereotypical Asian. Super quick. However, sometimes when it's not so busy, I can feel them "discreetly" staring to make sure they can take our orders/refill drinks/bring the check ASAP. Kinda awk.I don't like it. Some of the dishes are too sweet (for me), and nothing like what I expected from their names.Went here last Sunday with a friend and we both thought it was good! They even have Dim Sum on weekends (however, we ordered off menu. It is a noodle house, so we both ordered Noodles respectively. I ordered Shrimp Ho Fun Noodles , chocked full of Shrimp, veggies and the wide noodles. The sauce was nice too. My friend got a couple of appetizers: (small dish)  - Crispy Flounder Fillet w/ Honey Coated Walnut and Steamed Shrimp dumplings. Both were good. And for her entree: Mei Fun Noodles in Black Pepper Sauce. it had a nice kick to it.I live near this place and have been wanting to try it for a while, but have always been wary of doing so. Never again will I go here. I honestly cannot understand why it's crowded all the time.
1) They microwaved our food - from where we were sitting we could see everything that was going on at the waiter's station. My friend, who graciously decided to give this place a second try, ordered a rice bowl. We both saw them take the bowl out of a fridge - veggies, rice, and chicken in all - and put in the microwave before bringing it out to her. Unacceptable.
2) I had to wait 10 minutes for my food to come out after my friend had ordered hers. Unacceptable.
3) The serving staff was eating right near the cash register and where the customer's food is served - if you're working at a restaurant, you should be taking a break to eat and should be doing it out of the sight of customers. Unacceptable.
4) The price we both had to pay for the food was absolutely not worth it. We were contemplating ordering Chinese take out, and after our meal realized we could have gotten much more for our money and a better quality.
5) The food was nothing special. I could have made better fried rice at home. The chicken was so bland and I'm pretty sure the vegetables in the fried rice were from a frozen bag. Meh.
Anything that comes out in 2 minutes should be a red flag. I prefer quality over speed on most occasions. Service was so-so and no one refilled my water. There are definitely better places in University City to get the same type of food - such as Lemon Grass and Koreana to name a few. Even some of the lunch trucks are better.They just opened a place on Hamilton Street next to the Wawa, it's delicious!  So happy they've come to the Fairmount area of Philadelphia.As an avid Hong Kong cuisine hunter, I know a good place when I see one.
This restaurant has authentic Hong Kong and Taiwanese dishes at an extremely reasonable price and portions that cannot be beat.
Once seated, you're given a plate of tangy and sweet "kimchi" similar to a Hong Kong restaurant. This is to help clean the palate before you are served the main entrée. 
For the entrée, I ordered the pork belly, roasted duck, and olive cooked AA (a Taiwanese vegetable), and spicy chicken 口水雞。
As an appetizer, I ordered the veggie and pork bone soup. The soup was loaded with sweet bok choy and pork shank with Chinese dried almonds. The soup was sweet and savory with a hint of porkiness fragrance. The most similar comparison I would make is that of a sweet and porky Italian wedding soup.
The overall architecture design of the restaurant is practicality with Asian flair. It definitely won't win any best design award, but the place is a hundred times cleaner than any Chinatown restaurant which says a lot.
I'm a huge pork fan and whenever I visit, the pork belly is a MUST! This dish is marinated meat on steroids. The block of pork belly is cut and slowly marinated in sweet soy sauce and Asian herbs for hours. The result is a smooth and creamy "melt-in-your-mouth" fattiness with strands of super tender pulled pork bites.
The AA veggies are crunchy and savory with a hint of salted olives. It complements the pork belly very well especially since the pork belly leans a bit on the heavy side of the palate.
The fried shrimp dumplings and chicken are incredibly crispy, savory, sweet, and piping hot. The shrimp juice bursts in your mouth when you bite into it, pair this with the sweet and sour sauce and you have the ultimate taste bud champion.
The miso spare ribs is probably one of their more creative dishes. The spare ribs fall off the bones and the miso flavor is very distinct. I recommend giving this a try!
The spicy kidney slices gives a good bit of kick and it's ideal for people who are tolerant of spicy food. The hot peppers are stir fried until fragrant and then mixed with oil, then the kidney are sliced about 1/4 inch thin and stir fried until it's drenched in hot pepper oil.
The spicy chicken is spicy and salty, it's incredibly salty but full of flavor and it's impossible to eat just one. The sauce is perfect when mixed with white rice. 
The roasted duck is beautifully roasted with a crispy skin and soft duck meat. The underside of each piece of duck is marinated in a salty paste to give the duck a savory flavor. The dish is heaven on earth and one of the many reasons why I could never be a vegetarian. 
Overall, the dishes are beautifully cooked, reasonably priced, and authentically worth every bite. If you haven't had roasted duck or pork belly in your life, you're missing out!!!This place has the best Chinese food in University City (although the bar is not very high). The service is not great, but the food is good (especially for the price).Great Food! Good Service! I'm a fan! I dined in and also did take out. It's a popular spot in my office. Great options for everyone. It can be crowed at times but take out is awesome if you're not into waiting. I gave it 5 stars since I never had a bad experience with food or service. Oh the Bulgogi (Korean beef dish) is great and the lemon grass chicken the shrimp roll (the spicy ass mustard dipping sauce) and thai red curry fish, general tso chicken and their soup... Ok nothing bad here no hype just my experiences.I basically eat only two things from Sang Kee and for me I really don't need to go past that.
1. shrimp wanton noodle soup
2. pork over rice - sometimes with duck and pork.
I don't know if anyone makes it better in the general area but I don't care because they do it for me pretty much every time.  It's very addictive and I almost "need" to eat it at least once a month if not more.  The price is very reasonable and the portion above avg.  One thing I do have to point out is the consistency.  Last time I ate at this particular location, the broth and the marinade was so much better.  I think it was saltier than normal and seemed like more soy sauce was added.  I liked it better for my own reasons and hope they keep it that way.You know that a place is not so good when your husband has to say, "Don't look at it, just put it in your mouth and chew." We ordered two ramen bowl dishes, for me the beef with noodle and broth and for my husband, the lemon grass pork, and both orders were almost inedible. Though their delivery was prompt and complete, the broth was watery and weak and worst of all, the cuts of meat were fatty, skin-like globs. We will not be ordering from this place again.It's been hard to find comfortable, unique, tasty and cheapish lunch spots that are close walking distance from my job in University City.  But a coworker of mine introduced me to this place yesterday. The  venue is new and spacious so it has a welcoming feel.  And something unique for the loners at the sushi bar - individual TVs! 
The lunch special is a good deal. For 8-9 bucks you can get a 4 item meal incl. (but not limited to) soup, salad, egg roll, rice and entree.  Oh yeah and a drink too!  And for those who don't feel the need to devour everything that is in front of them in one sitting (unlike myself) - this can even translate into 2 meals!  The food is tasty when you are hungry and craving chinese food, but not quite as quality as you would expect. For instance I got the hot and sour soup as part of my lunch deal, and usually one of my favorites - looked like it had an overload of soy sauce mixed in because it was so dark.  Other than that, the meal was of average quality but edible.  I think I would go back because they have a huge menu of options and coupled with the fact that it is more than just a sandwich place by work makes it more than just a one-time try.I avoid this place at all cost, the only thing here that is edible is the bean paste with minced pork noodle. Although , nothing compared to the traditional Beijing style , but its the only thing that made up for this two star. 
I only come here when my friends are hungry and doesn't want to drive down to chinatown, just why ? You lazy people haha.
I've pretty much had everything from the menu, there is nothing authentic about this place, I mean even as a asian fusion restaurant , it's still disappointing. 
A lot of university student come here since its closer and convenient during lunch time, so heads up for all the business owners , pick the right place and don't worry about quality .DISCLAIMER:  I've given this place more than its fair share of chances and it's disappointed me each and every time.
So the latest outing was the same old story.  Maybe I just have bad luck with choosing dishes here, but I went with the Mei Fun noodles (beef) with black pepper sauce.  INCREDIBLY bland.  Only one other time have I had a dish so bland at a restaurant.  Coincidentally it was also at this Sang Kee.  To their credit, there are some decent dishes.  But I've seemed to miss more times than I've hit.  The bar staff is also completely incompetent.  The entire restaurant was only about 35% full at the time of my meal, yet it took them more than 30 minutes to bring me a BOTTLED beer.  And believe me, I asked more than once where it was.  I was already halfway done eating by the time it arrived.
Note:  they decided it was a good time to clean their bathrooms around 10:00pm.  So if you're eating around this time and need to pee, you're SOL.  The adjacent hotel apparently locks their bathrooms after a certain time as well.I was here many times and they changed. Now, the dishes are better than before! Definitely will come back and try other stuffs.This place is not bad. I came for dinner with a large group a while back, and they are very accommodating. 
We ordered something called their four treasures stir fry (or a name similar to that). Honestly, I don't think it was very good, but my friend swears by it (but then again, he likes Panda Express.. So that's not saying much). It was the epitome of Americanized Chinese food.
What I did like was the crispy chicken. We got at least half a chicken, and it's served with salt and pepper. Definitely reminds me of my days working in Hong Kong. In fact, this place is a cantonese restaurant, offering many canto dishes, which is very welcoming when it seems that every other Chinese restaurant has become Szechuan style.
They have dimsum on the weekends, which I would like to try!Bad service and I am not impressed with the quality of food.  Our server was extremely rude, processed the wrong order, and did not want to replace it when asked.  He was extremely short tempered and I will not return to this restaurant.  Visit chinatown for amazing food -  you'll get better service and better food at a lower price.Food was mediocre, the employees here are ignorant and a bunch of snobby a- holes. The atmosphere was good, that is the only positive part. I would rather go to a real Chinese noodle house instead of this Center City BS!!Go to China Town if the need for Chinese is what you are craving!!Food here has always been amazing! Best authentic Chinese food in University city and they also deliver! Quality homestyle foodThe bento box lunch special is not worth the $12.  It  includes wilted lettuce, cold dumpling (I should I picked the soup instead), 4 pieces of walnut shrimp , and brown rice.   At least the walnut shrimp tasted good.
Roast pork wonton noodle soup - their known for their noodle soup, which has always been tasty and filling.......however this was the first time we sat. At the bar, which overlooked the kitchen....and I noticed that the waiter adds the scallion, with his bare hands, on top of the soup before bringing it out to the customer.  After seeing the waiter touch the food with his bare hands and knowing that they touch money and peoples credit card when getting customers bill....I was grossed out and decided I can no longer eat their food anymore.One of the perks about being in a lab, is the occasional lab lunch that occurs at a nice restaurant for a departing lab member.  
Sangkee Noodle House was selected as my lab mates are big fans of Asian food.  This place just opened up a few weeks ago, and has a 50% coupon special on their website, to drive up business.
I went with the lunch special ($9)- hot tea, chicken with mixed vegetables, vegetable spring rolls and white rice.  The food was quite tasty and most of my lab mates were big fans of their food selections.
Only really complaint was the service.  Waitress was a little on the rude side (probably since it was a frenetic day) and the food delivery was pretty slow. We had to wait a while for the lunch specials, while other plates came pretty quick (soups).
Overall not a bad place and I imagine their service should improve soon.If you spend any real amount of time around Penn, you'll end up coming to this Sang Kee.
We've done numerous trips here for take out and dined in almost as many times.
The food here is pretty standard American-Chinese food.  They have a very extensive menu and after trying a variety of entrees, appetizers and soups, I can say it's all very tasty.
The service is generally pretty good.  Sometimes it can be tough to flag someone down if you need more water or something, but most of the time this isn't an issue.  Once you're seated, service is usually very quick.  This speed also works for take out.  I don't think we've ever had to wait more than 15 or 20 minutes from calling to get our food.
Overall this is a pretty good option for a quick, tasty meal around UCity.Decent americanized chinese food but a little on the pricey side. Got the needle noodle, mostly out of curiosity, and it wasn't half bad. Generic salty sauce of chinese stir fry. The shrimp were big and tasted pretty good. Friend got the thai basil chicken and they seemed to have ignored his request to have it spicy. Others at the table had to add ample siracha to their respective meals... not a good sign in my books.
Probably going back when I don't feel like cooking but not particularly excited about the prospect.I just love everything I ordered here! Everything is always good. Fast and never poor service everytime I come in. Bird nest, pad thai, duck noodle soup always my favorite! Place is always pack and you do have to wait a couple of minutes for a table. But it's worth it.3.5 stars! I live in University City, and I'd say this is one of the better Chinese food places around. The place is clean and it serves solid dishes. Definitely my go-to if I'm craving good chinese food and am not lazy about just ordering delivery. I've had several items here. The beef chow fun never disappoints. The porridge also hits the spot when you're sick or if the weather is just terrible. The wonton noodle soup is decent, and they are generous with their portions! I've also tried the roasted duck here, which I was fairly impressed by considering this restaurant is in UC and in a hotel. I'd say I'm pretty picky with my Asian food since I grew up in a town where good Asian food was abundant. This place is a good place if you're looking to satisfy your Chinese food cravings, and can't get to Chinatown!Got the beef chow fun and shrimp spring rolls.  Beef entree was greasy but edible. The rolls were disgusting - I took one bite and spat it out. Will not be back.It really pains me to write this review. I don't know what happened, but this place has gone completely downhill. They used to be a great spot with well-priced drinks and decent food, but last night's order compelled me to warn others. Yes, "warn" is the proper word. Last night my Taiwanese noodle soup was filled with pieces of sharp, jagged, clear plastic. At first I when I bit into one of the pieces, I thought it was a piece of bone, but when I removed it from my mouth I saw it was very hard plastic. Thinking it was an isolated small thing that had perhaps accidentally fallen in, I took another bite. This time, the piece was much larger and had irregular edges. Had I accidentally swallowed that one, it most certainly could have done major damage to my esophagus, stomach or intestines. Dangerous! Obviously that sort of extreme carelessness is also the reason why the flavors have gone way downhill as well. My husbands dish was disgusting, and also inedible due to how bad it tasted. It's such a horrible shame because this used to be one of my favorite places to go. To make matters worse, this particular order was takeout, so there was no opportunity to return the food or get our money back. I will never be going there again after the plastic-filled soup. I am really disappointed.Not as good as the Chinatown location. Ordered the roast duck on rice. Received 6 pieces of duck (2-3 didn't have much meat) with some veggies on a bed of way too much burning hot rice. it was just not proportional. They do have bento lunch specials which are probably more cost-effective.Chinese food is one of my guilty pleasures.  I've always loved the Sang Kee in Chinatown so when I heard that they were opening up a branch in the Sheraton right near Penn, I was very excited.  It's definitely a completely different feel from either the Reading Terminal outpost or the original.  The place is much cleaner, neater, quieter but just as crazy busy and hectic.  I was worried that the strong smell of Chinese food would permeate throughout the hotel lobby (which is the only way you can get to the restaurant) but they do an amazing job of controlling the food smells.  
That said, I think people's most popular thing here are the weekday lunch specials.  You get a choice of an appetizer (dumplings, soup or spring roll), entree (general tao's chicken and the beef & eggplant in garlic sauce are my favorite) and fried rice/brown rice/white rice.  It is surprisingly very filling and only $8 ($9 if you get a drink like tea or soda).  Being a fan of Ten Ren in Manhattan, I think the bubble tea (and the smoothies, at that) here is disgusting.  Absolutely terrible so don't fall for the coupons the restaurant sends out every month that get you to order one (just sign up for emails on their website).  
The Chicken In Crunchy Lettuce Wraps seems like an excellent idea in theory but it's very flavorless.  Even with a ton of sriracha, it was tasteless.  I don't like the peking duck here but my boyfriend loves it.  I am a huge fan of Peking Duck House in Manhattan midtown and Chinatown so this place just doesn't cut it.  The pancakes are store-bought, they're dry, too thin and crumble after you make the "burrito".  The duck comes out in a pretty plate but I'm used to the whole duck coming out whole with a chef in his white uniform and slices away at it right in front of you.  You usually have to ask for more cucumber and scallion slices which is annoying because they are very conservative with their servings.  Also, $18 for half a duck can fill 2 people but the duck is not juicy on the inside and perfectly crispy on the outside.
I love the eggplant in garlic sauce here.  The hot and sour soup is just ok.  The House Special Pan Fried Noodle is decent.  Their jia jia mien is pretty good (on the menu, it's called something else).  Their fried shrimp with walnuts was too greasy and the sweet white sauce they pour on top of it is like gloppy blobs of pure sugar.
I love their no-wire takeout containers but as for the food, it's just ok.  Service is either super slow and you have to yell to get someone's attention or you are served promptly and efficiently.  It just depends on what day the servers are having it seems.  (I've also done catering for my law school through them and they did a great job so if you want to order Chinese food for 20 people or more, they're definitely reliable and the food was good.)The food hasn't let me down and I've never left hungry. The service is pretty fast in all the times I've gone and the staff is friendly. The place is also pretty clean. The only downside is the prices are a bit high. For an example, a plate of chow fun is $10 whereas any other places charge $6-7. But other than that, I have no problems with this place!We stopped by for lunch and had a lovely experience. The food was delicious and the staff was incredibly helpful. We had a great time and will be back soon!The food was ok... I enjoyed the decor more than the food. I think it's a little overpriced.Whenever my boyfriend comes to town to visit, we usually come here for food and that's really the only time that I normally would come for food from Sang Kee. I like the Cantonese style food that they serve and being a Cantonese person myself, I can appreciate the taste. I've had their congee (sadly, the only Chinese restaurant around that serves it) and it's pretty delicious! Just warm and a good thickness as I like it with the preserved egg and some meat thats warm and supple. YUM! Perfect sick food since it's similar to my chicken noodle soup. The boyfriend though, always comes for their seafood fried rice with cheese baked on top of it. That seems a little odd for a Chinese restaurant but it surprisingly tasted pretty good! I would also have to agree with other Yelpers and say that their stir fried food and sauteed dishes is a pretty good highlight. It's comparable to food that I have at home or even in NYC Chinatown. Pretty delicious stuff and I will certainly come back again for food! Staff is good and won't try to push you out the door but they also won't serve you like kings and queens. It's good for what it is, that's for sure!Can't believe Beijing has a better rating than Sangkee. 
At least they serve real Chinese food. 
You just need to explore the menu. =~=3.5 stars. We can put a man on the moon but Yelp can't do 1/2 stars?
I went here with a friend the other night. The space is nice and open and has an upscale feel to it. We were seated quickly and the waiter took our order quickly. I ordered the roast pork with vegetables noodle soup and a vegetable spring roll. My friend ordered an eggplant dish and dan dan noodles.
The spring roll was good and came with a really hot mustard and a cooler duck like sauce that I used to cool down my mouth after a dip of mustard.  My soup was excellent. The roast pork was delicious and of good quality, which you don't always find. I think it might have been red pork/braised pork but I'm not sure. There were also a good number of slices of the pork, which was pretty remarkable given that the dish was inexpensive. The vegetables in the soup were very fresh and the broth was also good. The noodles I got were good, but I think I like thicker noodles than the rice ones I got..That's on me though. 
The dan dan noodles that my friend had were excellent and pretty spicy without being ridiculously spicy. Very tasty. The eggplant dish tasted good to me but my friend didn't like it. She said it had too much sugar and salt in it. After eating about 10 of them, I realized, she was right.
My friend also had a banana smoothie. It was good, though I've had better. 
This is a good Americanized Chinese place. The prices were pretty reasonable and I enjoyed the food and atmosphere. I'll have to come back for lunch and see if they have any specials.
Service was good. We got water when we needed it, our dishes came out promptly and our check came out fairly rapidly.The food was average, I loved the chicken wings. However the fried rice and the pad tai needed more  flavor. No soy sauce on table anywhere!!!!!Went here for dinner. Not too bad of wait, server was friendly. We had some different appetizers which were all good portions and very delicious.
I had the roast pork noodle soup, so good! I also had a side of snow pea leaves
My wife had a noodle dish and some other smaller dish
Everything came out in great time and place was clean.
Will definitely go back!ICK!!!!  
This place was good when it first opened in January 2010 or so.  But it's been going slowly downhill.  For example the Shrimp Rolls and House Special Fried Rice used to be my favorites.  Now the Shrimp Rolls are bland and not as well cooked, and the House Special Fried Rice is tasteless and with a LOT less shrimp in it and more fatty pork.
And the past TWO times we've had ick experiences - the first time, I saw the hostess in the restroom leave without washing her hands.  Okay, I thought, at least she's not handling food.  
But this week, a male dining companion came out of the rest room with a funny look on his face after we finished our meal.  He wouldn't tell me what the problem was until we were outside. It turns out, two kitchen staff were in the mens room when he went in.  One had been using the urinal and didn't wash his hands, and the other came out of a toilet (which apparently stunk) and didn't wash his hands before leaving the restroom.
EEEEEEWWWWWW!!!!  I felt sick to my stomach later, but I don't know if it was actually the food, or just the thought of it.  I will NEVER eat there again!Stay at the Sheraton often finally decided to give this place a try.  Ordered Gen Tso's Chicken.  Void of any spice (it's normally a hot n spicy dish) Came out about 5 minutes after I ordered it (possible? Frozen?  I don't know).  Also ordered a small wonton soup (never showed up).  No one ever checked on whether I was satisfied or not. 
Surprisingly, food was pretty good even without the spice... Service, however, was totally lacking. 
Would I come here again? Yes, if there's a blizzard or tornado or something outside.  Enjoy!Ordered some food for delivery last night. Chicken Spring Roll, Pad Thai, and a Thai Iced Tea. Chicken Spring roll was fine, though a bit dry, and it didn't come with any dipping sauce. Thai Iced tea was also fine, though had a very strange sweet floral aftertaste. The pad thai, though, was the real show-stealer. First thing I noted was the complete lack of vegetables. Only thing in there was noodles, chicken, and mushy green bell peppers. The chicken looked/tasted like styrofoam. And the sauce throughout the dish tasted and smelled like a weird mix of ketchup and Sriracha. It was truly the most disgusting food I have ever tasted. I couldn't bring myself to eat more than 2 bites before throwing the whole plate in the trash.Couple this with the SIX DOLLAR delivery charge and I can guarantee I will NEVER be back.Positives: serves pretty good Americanized Asian food (General Tso's chicken, pad Thai), pretty big portions, good dim sum, quick and helpful service (they once made my friends dish and kept it hot so he could eat as soon as he got there). 
Negative: literally the single worst fried ice cream I have ever had. Do yourself a favor and skip the desert, it's not nearly as good as the pictures make it look.food is great, deserves 4 stars.
however, service is worst I ever seen. The waiter is ignorant making me and my friends unpleasant.Everything I've had there was pretty average, minus the coconut shrimp which is AMAZING and the baos which are tasty as well. The pad-thai is below average (I guess that's what I get for ordering thai) because there's something off about the sauce. 
It's a bit overpriced for what it is, but I guess it is a hotel restaurant.Last time I visited this Sang Kee location was two years ago.  Came here recently again for quick take out.  Ordered the following dishes:
1) Beef Chow Fun = not bad.  Not super greasy like how other places make it, so that's definitely a plus.
2) Chicken w. Oriental Eggplant in Garlic Sauce = ordered this dish two years ago.  Don't remember how it tasted two years ago, but the flavors were good this time.
3) Ma Po Tofu = can't judge this dish accurately, since I ordered it without spiciness based on party's preference (it's supposed to be spicy).  I didn't particularly enjoy the non-spicy Ma Po tofu.
Overall opinion = One of the biggest annoyances I had two years ago was the terrible service.  Can't comment on it this time since my recent trip here was for take out.  In terms of the food though, I think it's worth an upgrade from the two stars I gave last time.Sweet and sour pork was great, not too sweet. The pineapples were fresh and not overripe.
Rice bowl Peking duck was great too, although there was more rice than duck in the bowl.
My experience with the dim-sum was kinda disappointing due to how it was served. I was expecting a traditional dim-sum pattern wherein the servers would use carts, instead you have to order the same way as the regular menu.
But over all the food was great.Very disappointed tonight!  They got our order wrong, made us wait forever for service, and they don't even have real tea - only tea bags.  Our Peking pork chop was very fatty and tough, and the sauce was overly sweet - like ketchup.  They served us a House Special pan fried noodle - with only veggies - in a bland and overly salty sauce.  When we let our server know, she basically rolled her eyes and acted as if we made the mistake.  The true hallmark of great service my friends!  $40 with tax and tip for just the 2 dishes.  Never again.  Go to Chinatown or Wynnewood and avoid this location!I've been to Sang Kee a few times over the last year, with varying experiences both average and very good.
I went last night with a larger party (7 people, for a 7pm reservation.) The restaurant was extremely crowded and we waited for probably 20 minutes or so for our table to be ready. Once we were seated, our waiter didn't come by for a few minutes (long enough to notice his absence.) I ordered the Curry Chicken w/ Vegetables Rice Bowl. The food came out very quickly and pretty much everyone in the party was satisfied with their food. Mine was delicious and enough that I brought half of it home. One of my friends ordered the Tender Rib Rice Bowl and didn't like it at all. He said the meat was extremely gristly and there were a ton of small (usually visible) bones in the meat and he was very disappointed.
In the past, I've had generally good experiences. I think the restaurant was extremely over-crowded and busy and the food/service suffered a little bit. I'll give Sang Kee another chance because it's a great spot for a nice lunch or a relaxed dinner (when it's not super crowded.)Oh boy. Sang Kee Noodle House frickin gangsta. No, not gangster, but gangstA. There is a difference. Look it up.
But I digress...Up until last October, I kept hearing about Sang Kee. Sang Kee this, Sang Kee that. What's the big deal right? I was missing out. And here's why.
What I Ordered: Go-to dish: House Special Pan Fried Noodles. Never would I have EVER thought that crunchy noodles would taste soooooo good. But that's not all. The sauce they drizzle on top...sooooo good. The best part, for explanatory purposes, shall be split into sub-heading '1' and '2'.
1. Chunky ass tid bits. That description might've just turned you off, but there's no other way to describe it. They throw on the works: Jumbo Shrimp, Scallops, Beef, Chinese-style BBQ pork, leeks, onions...you get the idea. And they are so not stingy with it.
2. The sauce softens the exposed fried noodles. Words can't describe the food porn processing through my head right now. I'm all about contradicting situations when it comes to food. For instance, warm chocolate chip cookie topped with vanilla ice cream. Hot and cold. Yum. Sang Kee = crunchy noodles + soft noodles. Yum Yum.
Verdict: I have tried some other stuff, but I'll write some more later. I won't be like Homer and write an epic. Bottom line: Service needs improvement. +5 stars for food. -1 star for service. As Yelp says, "Yay! I'm a fan."So, there are two ways to look at this place. You can evaluate it relative to the universe of Chinese restaurants or relative to the stuff in University City. When in University City, this is hands down the best Chinese restaurant. When in Chinatown, this place is a bit below average.
The menu has no Chinese characters, which is indicative of the relatively fusion cuisine that this place serves. The menu is not the same as the one at the Chinatown location, as it has a bit more of a focus on noodles (although rice dishes are also served). The prices are quite reasonable and the food is flavorful. But wow, is the place crowded! I've never had to wait so long for such an ordinary offering.3 and half stars.  This is a hotel restaurant, so it's nice, clean, but pricier than the usual hole-in-the-wall Chinese.  I imagine this is where students take parents to eat when parents are visiting and paying for the meal.  I was pleasantly surprised the few dim sum items we tried were all really good, but of course priced much higher than dim sum places in Chinatown.  Steamed shrimp dumplings were really good, steamed char sui (roast pork) buns were good as well.  Shredded pork and thousand years egg congee tasted just fine too.  We also tried roasted duck with veggie rice bowl and curry chicken rice bowl.  Both are huge portions of rice, I guess they are serving starving students, lol.  Both tasted just fine.  My hubby also got the sweet and sour chicken, very American Chinese, but done nicely.  Portion however was not that big for $11, and it was lunch time, but they didn't have any lunch portions or specials (at least that we noticed).
So overall it's a good Chinese restaurant whether you are looking for semi-authentic Chinese or Americanized Chinese food.  It is on the pricier side again because it's in a hotel and is nicer than your average takeout place.  Servers were helpful and friendly enough.Best beef chow fun and fried dumbling!!!!  Not a good place for Dim sum it's very limited.The restaurant was full when I went on a Wednesday night. I was in town for business staying at the attached Sheraton. The majority of the customers were students with one other party also from the hotel. The fact that the place was packed made me hopeful that I was in for something good, but I was very disappointed. I ordered a lemon grass chicken rice bowl. It was a giant bowl of white rice with rubbery chicken and a small serving of broccoli rabe on top. The flavor was off putting and did not taste like lemon grass at all. Even the plain rice had an odd flavor. I barely touched the chicken. The staff was fast and a little too efficient so I felt rushed. Overall, not a great experiece. Even though I will likely stay at the hotel again for business, I will not be returning to this restaurant.I'm a sucker for peking duck.  So yes, I would probably put up with anything if I get my fill.
I have no complaints about the food.  (However the fried ice cream was more like ice cream dipped in bran.)  The service is another story...
I do know that I went on one of their special days when the food was 50% off, so it got crowded at times. Here is a sequence of events in order:
1.  I order.  The waiter disappears with our orders.
2.  He brings out everyone's food but mine.  He then tells me they're out.  Fine, okay, I choose something else.
3.  He comes back again, much later, to tell me they are also out again.  I'm not so sure I want it anymore.
4.  I try to choose something else when the waiter appears back at my side to tell me they are no longer out.  Cool.
5.  Everyone finishes eating.  Ten minutes later my food comes out.
6.  The waiter messes up on our checks, and it takes quite a while to fix the problem.
The second time I went one of the waiters blamed us for their mistake and tried to guilt trip us into keeping a wrong order.  No, thanks, but no.
Okay, so I love the food.  At least what I tried, which were duck dishes.  Love it, would trek throughout Philadelphia for it.  It makes it worth it.  But, still.Food was ok service was terrible.
We went in early evening and waited about 10 minutes before anyone spoke to us. Then after taking our order they plunked down the soup, appetizer and main courses in one trip. After -they circled the table trying to clear us and the plates away. Duck roll was delicious as was stuffed eggplant. Pad Thai-unremarkable.The dessert was awesome. We got the pyramid and it was really good. As for the food we ordered the asian rice bowl and singapore noodles. The food was okay. Not really good not really bad. The service was also not really fast.This was my second visit to Sang Kee. The first visit was with a large group (6 people) we split a bunch of different dishes. The Peking duck was by far my favorite. The black pepper noodle dish I found to be surprisingly good. I thought the pepper would be too much but it was nicely balanced. Beware it does pack a little punch though. The people I was with ordered it thinking it would not be spicy. The beef egg noodle soup was large enough to share with all six of us (they gave us smaller bowls to spilt it up). The beef was nice and tender. The steamed veggie dumplings were standard dumplings. Nothing too impressive. The lemongrass chicken wasn't too lemongrassy as some could be. I hate when my food tastes like pinesol. Ick. Lastly, we had snow pea leaves in garlic sauce. These were up there with the pecking duck! They were surprisingly delicious! 
Tonight, it was just me and another person. We decided to split the half order of the Peking duck. It was nice and tender, falling apart to touch. The skin was perfectly crisp. The bread was flat like a tortilla. I know some places use puffer bread. I'm intrigued to try that! They gave a nice heaping portion of shallots and sauce. We also split the Dan Dan noodles. We ordered them extra spicy but they left some to be desired. They were barely spicy at all. The noodles themselves were awesome. They melted in your mouth. But the flavoring of the Dan Dan noodles was just alright. I would skip them next time . If you are looking for Dan Dan noodles, you might want to go elsewhere. As for the Peking duck, I would like to try other places before venturing back hereI have been a huge fan of Sang Kee for many years. Firstly, the food is served really quickly, so if you're in a rush, this is the perfect place. The food itself is pretty good, much better than a lot of Chinese restaurants out there - the big bowl noodles are especially great! Most of the waiters are really nice, and I've even had friendly conversations with the manager. 
Which brings me to why a four star rather than a five star. I eventually stopped going partially due to this one waitress, Jennifer. Quite rude, uncourteous, etc. One time she was serving my table and the table next to me and the people sitting at the table next to me literally left before their food arrived because she was so terrible at communication.
Overall, though, it's a good, solid restaurant that you should definitely try!Tonight we thought we'd dine in, and were met with another level of hell we didn't know existed.  The place was beyond busy, and once we were seated and ordered, our order was...LOST.  Utter chaos.  Needless to say, we upped and left!
I  hope they find a way to better sort the crowds and keep up with the orders because given the location of this place, it's likely to always be crowded.  I hope that something that was needed in this area doesn't descend into a mess like some of the other places in the area.  We have been promised a free meal as a result of our experience tonight becoming fubar'ed, hence keeping me from knocking this down to two stars.Tried this place when it first opened and went back a couple times.  If you get on their email list, they will send you coupons periodically ($10 off $30?).  I was excited that it was so close to where I used to work.  Now that I moved out of Philly, I wish I went here more often.
Their noodle dish with duck is the best dish that I had there.  It had a very mealy taste, umami.  They had the perfect amount of grease to them, and the meat was soft and tasty.  Other dishes were ok, not spectacular or memorable.  It's pretty good Chinese food, and they had more variety that most.  This place seems a small notch up health-wise compared to other Chinese places.  It could be all in the image...
The service wasn't bad.  They were a little rushed at times during lunch, but that's expected.  Some of them were nice and tried to be funny, some didn't say much of anything.  Water was always filled.  They did ask if everything was ok most of the time.
Prices were cheap and the coupons made things even cheaper.  Although a great location, I think the fact that they were on the first floor of the Sheraton made their visibility less optimal than most of the other restaurants on that street.  I would forget that it's there until I would get a craving for  Chinese and think about what my options are.
Definitely worth the money and a try.2 stars for effort?
my order had to be placed twice, the food was decent.
but i hate reheating freshly made food.I wanted to try Peking Duck for the first time, so my sister and I opted to go to Sang Kee since it was closest. We decided to order Dan Dan noodles and the Peking Duck. We asked if they could make the noodles very spicy .  Our noodles arrived to the table first. The portion was large (I probably could have made 3 meals out of it myself). However, the lacked flavor and I didn't taste a hint of spice. If that was their version of spicy, then I don't want to know what the regular order would have tasted like.
The Peking duck was very good. I had nothing to compare it to since this was my first time. The meat was tender, the skin was crisp. My sister told me that the pancakes it is served with a supposed to be a little thicker. 
I'm definitely not in a rush to go back here. I think the Dan Dan Noodles at Han Dynasty are MUCH more flavorful. As far as the Peking Duck goes...I'd be willing to try some restaurants in  Chinatown before returning to Sang Kee (if I return..)The waiters and waitresses are very friendly here.  I was in a huge rush and they were very accommodating.  I ordered the steamed vegetable dumplings and a soup.  HUGE SOUP PORTIONS.  I think I would have needed three separate sittings to finish the soup and the ton of noodles that came with it.  The broth was good, the dumplings were odd because there was something off about them.  All in all it was alright, especially for a quick lunch.  And when I was done paying they said I could have all the fortune cookies I wanted, but by then I only wanted one.This review is of the bar and the bar menu which I ordered from.
First off, this is also the Sheraton Hotel bar so I wasn't too surprised by everything.
I came around 2 and stayed till 6 so I saw the lunch crowd go and the happy hour crowd start.  Service in the bar was mediocre.  I usually waited 10 minutes on average with an empty drink before I was asked if I wanted another.  They also ran out of Crown Royal after my second drink but hey it happens.
The bar food I had was so so.  Some really good, others not so much.  I decided on the dim sum samplers to try an array of items and the best thing in the steam pot was the Sui Mai for sure.  I highly recommend this.  The sticky bun was horrible and the shrimp dumpling and crystal dumpling above average. 
They also kept a bowl on the bar filled with a party mix that was quite tasty.  If the service was a little better this would be a 4 star for sure but agian, it's in the lobby of a Sheraton hotel so my expectations were met just not exceeded.I ordered a noodle soup with wontons. It was ready in under 10 minutes. I sat down to eat it and realized the broth was separate from the noodles/veggies/wontons. This wouldn't have been a big deal if i was at home and could pour it into a bowl but alas I was at the library. I would have sipped some of the broth to bring it the level down so there would be room for the fixin's but i wasn't provided with a spoon so i just had to dump some broth. However, once everything was added it was hands down the best wonton soup I've ever had. The broth was a tad sweet, the udon noodles were perfect, and the wontons had meat that didn't make me question if it was from a canine. Perfect rainy day food. Next time I'll just eat in.I had the pork egg noodle soup. It was incredibly delicious and I felt like every time I put my spoon in the bowl I found more food. The soup was filling and the pork was had fantastic flavor and cooked to perfection. The service was helpful courteous and fast despite the coming snow storm that caused threatened to close the restaurant. Would return again.I ordered the Peking duck bowl, shrimp rolls, and wonton soup and they were ALL delicious!! The duck and rice had a slight Indian flair.  There wasn't a lot if duck and the meat still on the bone but that's typically how it's served. The shrimp rolls had huge pieces of shrimp in it and the wonton soup had dumplings similar to shumai. I enjoyed them all :)I love this place.. what  can I say?  Every time we come here we get good service.  The wait staff is prompt and very courteous.  We always show up en-mass (10-16 people) and they are always accomidating.To sum it up: the food is ok but waiter and waitress are rude. 
Some dishes is too much salt.My co workers always rave about this chinese restaurant so I gave it a try. I've been to the Sang Kee in Chinatown, however i wasn't to pleased with the area and the fact that it is so hard to find parking in Chinatown in general. 
My co worker and I went here for dinner and shared the shrimp dumpling egg noodle soup with crispy  jumbo shrimp in xo meat sauce. Soup had very good flavors especially if you were to add the chili oil ( which you have to ask for it ). The crispy jumbo shrimps were delicious. I loved the xo sauce ( I wish I knew what was in the sauce Cuz it was pretty darn good. With the two dishes ,our stomachs was happy and full 
As far the overall place, the restaurant is connected to a hotel , has a modern decor and seats a lot of hungry people. Service is quick and friendly.I was staying at the Sheraton hotel and there was a snow storm so I had no other choice but to eat here. The food came out fairly quick, I order shrimp lo mein. I was truly not impressed, the noodles that they used where thin and looked more like singapore noodles instead of lo mein. The taste wasn't anything special, I kept having to drown my noodles in soy sauce because they were so dry. Also being that they call themselves a "noodle house", i expected more. I paid 15$ for this, which I found quite expensive, as I've had way better lo mein for less. The waiter seemed rushed and annoyed the whole time. I think I would have preferred going out in to the snow storm for some better food. 
I later came back with a couple of friends for drinks. Their golden margarita for 9$ was pretty good. I then tried their lychee martini, but was not really a fan. They closed the place up super early, and we were basically asked to leave at 10pm on a Saturday night. I don't know I would expect them to be open later, it's philly and the restaurant is in a hotel.We checked this place out by accident since my wife bought a groupon when she thought it was for the sang key duck house in chinatown.
It actually worked out because this place is pretty good, before I get to the food the big positive difference is the location....36th and Chestnut is so much cleaner and easier to park than Chinatown..also for us in the western suburbs its 10 minutes closer each way;
Things we liked, beef and egg noodle soup, chicken spring rolls, General Toa chicken, dan dan noodles (although mid level - nowhere near Han dynasty quality but not as horrible as PF Chang sloppy version), also have dogfish 60min bottles.
one tiny complaint is the soup came out the same time as the entrees (actually 3 minutes afterwards) so we took most of it home with some other leftovers.
However we  definitely will be going back again..Went for lunch today with some friends and we all had lunch boxes.  Right off the bat I knew that our service would be shoddy, but the food would be pretty decent.  I was right and wrong about these things, respectively.  In their defense, it was 12:30 (lunch rush) and the place was packed.  
The food was only mediocre, although I really enjoyed the baby bok choy that got tossed in with my tofu.  On the other hand, the tofu dish which should have been spicy was about as hot as a cottonball.  The wonton soup had a strange, hospital-esque flavor to it.  And the lunch box plate seemed to have been prepped ahead of time with a small side-salad and laid to rest in a walk-in for several hours.  At first glance, the dressing had the hard glassy look of a butterscotch candy. 
One thing I liked:  the metal thermoses that come with your wabi-sabi cup of green tea. I love a back-up thermos of hot water!
Will most likely come back to try out the noodle bowls and big bowls of soup.I've been looking for a place with good beef chow fun, and I finally found some :)
For my first time here I decided to go with take out. Restaurant was packed on Sunday evening. The staff was very friendly and quick. 
The chow fun could maybe have used a bit more sauce and the steamed dumpling were spot on. I'm ready to try more.Oh no! I was hoping to be the first to review this place :(
But anyway, going along the lines of what the previous reviewers have said, I give this place 4 stars and two thumbs up. I've grown up on Sang Kee noodles, my family have ventured to Chinatown since I was about 4, so I would say I'm pretty well accustomed to the food and places of Chinatown in particular Sang Kee(it helps that Im asian as well!)
My friend and I heard that Sang Kee was opening a new location on 36th and Market and seeing as how I live on 34th and Arch, I just had to venture out and see if this lives up to the Sang Kee reputation. And it did! Prices were reasonable, the wait staff was extremely courteous and speedy, and the food was delish! 
With a name like Noodle House, you better deliver on the noodles and they definitely do! The House Pan Fried Noodles came in the delicious brown sauce which I love, and it had ample chicken, shrimp, and fresh sauteed vegetables.
All in all, I finally have my Chinatown away from Chinatown just a short walk from my campus at Drexel and I'm super happy :)I can't review this restaurant.  Because  I wasn't unable to eat there.  OK, "unable" is not the right word.  "Not permitted" is more like it.  Despite the hours listed on their website and a phone call to the restaurant where I was assured that they were open, at 2 PM today I was told that they were "closed until dinner time."  Despite the fact that the place was packed.  Because the place was packed?  Not sure.  Will have to try again some other time, although who knows if I'll be rejected again.DO NOT order from the lunch set menu. They're a block away from work and it seemed convenient enough. Brought my coworkers and we ordered from the lunch menu, pick 4 things (rice, salad/soup, entree, and drink) for 8.99. It took so long to get our food, come on it's a chinese restaurant. My coworker's beef and broccoli had a weird sour taste and the sauce was congealed. I guess it got cold even though we only had it on our table for a minute.
Next time, I'll try their soup noodles since that's what the original sang kee is known for.I've been here twice now. The first time I ordered a duck dish which I really didn't like; the duck was almost all bones and sat atop about five cups of rice. The second time I went was for karaoke with friends. The room was nice and the song selection was good, but apparently BYO doesn't apply in the karaoke room, which my group wasn't informed of when we made the reservation. I know a lot of my friends like Sang Kee, but I'm not a fan.I thought this place was affiliated with a Chinatown joint that under the same name, but apparently not. Anyhow, after I took a really good friend of mine here for the first time, she kept on choosing this place for our lunch dates. She doesn't even typically eat Chinese other than at this place. The service, the variety and quality of food really satisfies me. I would highly recommend the Dan Dan noodle.