I've had plenty of good pizza, bad pizza, and overpriced pizza. Santucci's at 10th & Christian makes good pizza. The prices are fair - nothing outrageous. The toppings I've had are great, but the base pie (tomato, mozz, or white mozz) is just as satisfying. They have a great location and should take advantage of that by continuing to produce a quality product (and correcting any service shortcomings that people here on Yelp have mentioned). While I applaud any business for improving a neighborhood, some South Philly pizzerias are just not in good neighborhoods and anyone from north of South Philly is not going to want to be there.Despite poor service at last visit, I've been back again for take out several times because, frankly, their pizza is so good.  Take out was timely and delicious.  I've heard service has improved and I am working up the courage to return to dine in.  Stay tuned.It's pizza and movie night at our place every Saturday, and Santucci's has become a family favorite -- we love their pizza!  Coming from Chicago where we were big fans of Lou Manalti's, we really like the thicker crust Santucci's offers.  Great taste and the ingredients (sauce, cheese, bread) feel legitimate/authentic.  We get delivery, so I can't say anything about the restaurant dining experience.Stopped in here on a sunny Saturday with my man for some lunch.  Obvi the line at Sabrina's was out the door.  We settled on a medium veggie lovers pizza and a garden salad.  I have to say, the prices here are amazeballs.  Lots of pizza for not a lot of dough.  The salad was also very large.  I should have got the dressing on the side, or light on the dressing, cause it was pretty doused.
The pizza was just okay, unfortunately.  The spinach and broccoli rabe were fully loaded, which made the pizza a bit watery (think of all that water that comes out of spinach when you cook it...).  I thought the cheese was a bit flavorless, too.
I'm bummed I didn't like the pizza here more.  But, of course, how you like your pie is so personal.Website says they deliver to all of Center City, however they won't go above Market Street.... not very honestAWFUL service, mediocre pizza - at best. We were so excited to finally have the Santuccis open, so we ordered pizza at 6PM on a Sunday night. Clearly stated chicken and spinach, and 30 minutes later got green pepper and spinach. Some of the green peppers still had the little pieces of the sticker from the store on them. EW. Called to get the right pizza and an hour and a half later we finally got the right pizza. It was cold. Can't figure that out since the lady on the phone said it was coming straight from the oven. The delivery guy, also apparently the Manager, even had the balls to ask for the original pizza back, and said he wouldn't charge us the difference in price for the chicken.... Um... wasn't it THEIR fault!?! Will never be ordering from here again.Best pizza ever!!! Its great that they deliver to all of South Philly. Blake, who answered the phone, was really helpful with my special requests. Kirby, our delivery driver was right on time, and helped me carry my pizza upstairs, because I had a big order. Its really outstanding employees like this, that make this place a south philly gem!Santucci's serves one of my favorite pizzas in Philadelphia.  The crust is perfection and unlike any other crust in the city. I love the reverse topping style-- baking the cheese into the crust first is really tasty. Then the sauce is added and it is baked again. I loved it.
My husband finds the sauce to be a bit salty for his taste, but I've found that it varies and since the sauce is applied conservatively, the saltiness does not really bother me. 
Great job Santucci's and welcome to my neighborhood!My new favorite pizza. Ordered an extra cheese and a pepperoni and sausage. Both were outstanding. Fast delivery.I had a similar experience to Elise S. -- I called in an order, they told me 20 minutes.  I came 20 minutes later and then waited 30 more minutes for my order.  Sat awkwardly. 
To boot, I had only ordered 2 sandwiches.  One was soggy, the other real just bland tasting.  Not worth a 50 minute wait.  Also no one apologized or even talked to me as I waited.  Just talked on their phones.
Not going back.A group of three including myself visited here in the evening for dinner on Saturday Labor Day weekend, and we were seated to outside table for no wait.
Our waitress seemed pretty friendly and cheerful.
Soon glasses if water were served our table, and oh I should mention that their tables for outside are spacious and kind of cool with printed wood patterns.
Everything we have order was delicious her.
We ordered one square pizza minimum size with bacon and spinach (12inches), Short rib gravy fries with provolone whiz, and Crespelle alla funghi.
Everyone was delicious and perfect amount for sharing with three.
The best one was the fries, I can visit again only for them.
We would totally come back!Celebre's and Marra's, look out! Santucci's is fantastic. Tried the Caesar as well as a large pie with pep and salsicca. Wonderful. Can't wait to go back for stromboli, sandwiches,etc.Made it to Santucci's last evening after returning from Mexico. It was the only place open and we craved a traditional American Burger. Somehow, Santucci's was the only worthwhile place open after 9 within walking distance for us that had a burger. 
The wings were good, as always, but for a place known for their pizza, I was pleasantly surprised with their burger and fries. Maybe it's because I've been chowing down on Mexican and seafood for about 8 days straight but we were both very happy with what we got. 
Service was also great and the server had a great attitude despite us being the only diners there past 9pm (Sorry! We were starving and had no food in the house after our trip!).
Five stars all the way and thanks for not closing down early! We appreciated it!Pizza is really very good, though unlike most others out there.  They have their own unique take -- deep dish and crispy thick-ish crust.
The antipasto plate is not that great.After a decade of living in Philly, Santuccis still remains the only pizza restaurant I recommend in Philadelphia.  They have two locations in center City but this review is for their location on 10th St. (Italian market area)
If you arrive around dinner, don't be surprised if you find it crammed inside or their delivery times at or above one hour waits.  Get it to go and enjoy back at home or at the park around the corner.OFF TO A GREAT START BUT FINISHED POORLY.  I ordered the signature large plain pizza 2 weeks ago.  It's on the small side of what I'm used to eating when ordering a large pizza.  The slices are roughly the size of an Eiilo's frozen pizza.  You get 10 slices in a large pie.  The pizza that was delivered two weeks ago was FANTASTIC!!! Everybody agreed that it was one of the BEST if not the THE BEST PIZZAS we have ever tasted!  UNFORTUNATELY THAT IS NOT THE EXPERIENCE WE HAD THE SECOND TIME AROUND.  We ordered the same pizza, a large square plain pie.  The pizza arrived about 50 minutes from the time it was ordered.  I believed it to be a little long to wait for a plain pizza on a Wednesday night.  As it turned out the pizza agreed with me!!  When I opened the box I was met by a pizza that had dry pizza sauce on top of it as opposed to a wet/fresh pizza sauce that was delivered on our initial order two weeks earlier.   I called the store and spoke to the manager Brett.  He offered to get a fresh pizza out within 15 minutes but would need to pick up the bad pizza.  I told him no thanks as it was getting late and I had other things to do.  Hopefully they can cut that delivery time down to thirty minutes or less.  The jury is still out on this place.  Will the real Santucci's Original Square Pizza ever be delivered to our home again?  We sure hope so, but another experience like our second, and we may just have to opt out for Ellio's frozen pizza.  Ouch!!!Excellent Service, excellent food, overall great experience.
My husband and I got a gift card to this place, decided to stop in last week and both left waaay happier than we expected to. 
It feels like mediocre service nowadays is something to rave about. Most Philly establishments are "too cool to need your business" and people still support them for some reason. But this place had a really old-school Philly feel. As in, they wanted us to enjoy our time and food. The server was pretty young but still handled everything like a pro, and made us feel like she was personally hosting us in her home or something. She was very warm! I got a burger with extra cheese and long hots and my husband got a Stromboli and both were *delish.*  Portions were superb if you're monster-eaters like us & prices were pretty darn good too! 
Its a shame to see the bad reviews because we had such a good time. Not sure what that's about, but I TOTALLY recommend! Yayyyy Santuccis!
*UPDATE* got delivery--they messed up our order, then the girl on the phone lied about it, then i caught her in the lie which was awkward, and then they promptly delivered the correct order and asked us to give them the other back....... laaaame. dissapointing. 
so i would say eat in I guess.Just say yes to Santucci's. 
I've had their traditional pizza (square pizza with sauce on top of the cheese) multiple times for take out. Recently, I saw a reservation available on open table and decided it would be fun to dine in. It's a very small space and tight squeeze. However, I loved getting a glance at everyone else's meals because everything looked phenomenal. The paninis are HUGE served with a heaping mound of fries and the salads & pasta dishes are generously portioned. I toyed with the idea of trying something else, but ultimately couldn't stray from the traditional pie. My friend and I also shared buffalo wings as an appetizer and a cannoli for dessert. 
I will definitely be back to dine in because there are so many other things I want to try, including brunch.  If you haven't tried their pizza yet, you must! Keep in mind they are cash only.Cash only, they have an ATM with a $1 surcharge. The pizza is very clean, and not greasy at all. The dough also has a nice crunch to it. Love how fresh the mozzarella is. Great sauce to cheese ratio. Also enjoy how much crust you get with the square shape of the pizza.I've heard good things about Santucci's so on a busy work day, my co workers & I decided to give it a try. We called & ordered a large pizza, half red, half white & we were told it would be a 45 minute wait. We work in a busy Hair Salon & we all eat lunch whenever we have a free moment so a 45 minute wait was workable for all of us. I can't explain how surprised we were that our pizza arrived 2 and a half hours later after 1 follow up call at the 1 and a half hour point & reassurance that it was on it's way. At that point they could have delivered the best pizza ever created and it would leave a bitter taste in my mouth. What was most disappointing is that we received no apologies & no explanations. We won't be giving them another try.I'm not sure what all the hype is about. You can order a better (Sicilian)!pizza anywhere in south philly for half the price and double the size.
It's okay pizza but I want more than okay when they're charging $15+ on a small pizza.Dear Santuccis.
We are very glad to have you. We hope your stay is comfortable and lengthy. Please let me know if I can do anything to help you in your transition (ok, Ill just keep eating your delicious pizza)
Love, 
South PhiladelphiaSimply amazing! I couldn't love this place anymore. Our usual is antipasti and a pizza...yum! This place gets bonus points for offering byob and outside seating.This is one of my favorite pizza places in Philly, both to eat-in and take out. They make a thick, sauce-on-top square pizza that is delicious. The chicken wings (per my husband), mozzarella sticks, and salads are all good too. Santucci's is cash only, but the prices are beyond reasonable and it's BYOB...so I forgive them!what can i say born and raised in center city/south philly santuccis is the best and the chef bobby makes you feel like you are part of the family.The pizza is unreal but the whole menu they dont miss a trick hey plus free refills of soda too . there the best
mitchell center citySo to begin the delivery stated that it'd be an hour long so I won't use that against the rating because to me if it states an hour it's nobodies fault but yours for continuing your order then complaining about the time. Now the pizza was decent. Not the best but surely not the worst. They don't deliver to hotel rooms so you'd have to go downstairs to get the order which wasn't that serious to me but may be for some. All in all pretty decent. Also I like the idea of putting sauce on top but from someone who used to work at a pizza restaurant it'll be best to have sauce first to be able to spread and to have an even amount on each slice. This pizza had some slices with pools of sauce and some wit none.The works pizza was delicious! Wish I took a picture, but we ate the large in almost one setting and it was just two of us. We got it delivered, it took a little while but it was fresh and hot. Would definitely order again.I was set to have pizza for lunch today. So my boyfriend recommended this place that has really good Sicilian pizza so why not? For starters, we ordered the Caesar salad that came along with bread and we also ordered fried long hots. I was super excited for the fried long hots but was disappointed when it came out. Since it was called fried long hots, I assumed it would be dipped in batter and into the deep fryer but it just came out to be long hots that were roasted on the grill! Probably should change the name for that item so customers like me doesn't get confused. However, the Caesar salad made up for that. It was evenly covered with sauce and the croutons were crunchy, I loved it. Once I demolished that salad, the pizza came out. We both got a personal pizza, one with sausage and one with pepperoni. Nice to try something different with the sauce being on top of the cheese rather than the traditional way. Had a nice crunch to the crust, stringy cheese and yummy toppings. Definitely fulfill my craving for pizza!My boyfriend and I went here one night after work. If I remember correctly it is a byob! We got a Stromboli and a pizza. Could you tell we were hungry? I was more of a fan of the pizza than the Stromboli. The Stromboli was cut up into pizzas so the cheese didn't stay hot and melty. For the pizza they flip the cheese and sauce so you get sauce on top. Their sauce was really super tasty. Our pizza had green peppers and sausage and onions. Service was great and we enjoy a nice night sitting outside. They have entree specials as well. This place is a Philly staple!Don't really understand the hype.  The pizzas are Overpriced and the crust was so bland, cardboard like...
The only this positive was that the crust held its crispness much longer than other pizzas
Ps. Free cookie with check inI have eaten lunch in South Philly for almost 30 years and I must say that Santucci's pizza is one of the best pie's I've had in the city.  Not too thick, not too thin, sauce not too sweet, great fresh toppings - just a top notch pie.  The left overs were taken home and my son devoured them.  All he could say was this pizza is great as he stuffed another mouhful in.  Can't wait for my next visit.Ordered delivery on a Friday night at 9pm. It arrived at 11pm completely burned. We called them within minutes of paying the delivery guy and they said we could WALK IT BACK to the restaurant to get our money back or fresh food, and that was all they could do. Ridiculous standard of quality, ridiculous treatment of customers, and ridiculous to not apologize and make amends for this garbage. Avoid this place.1. Love this pizza. I always order "well done" because I like a crispy crust. The sausage is my favorite. I love a sausage crumble, not a sausage slice, and Santucci's does it to perfection. The sauce is spicy but not overwhelming. And my favorite part is they use limited cheese which eliminates a lot of the grease you normally taste/feel when eating pizza. I have also tried a white pizza with just bacon on it and was very impressed. Good traditional Italian flavors in these square pies. 
2. The rest of the menu is excellent as well. The Granny Smith Apple salad is awesome. Heck, everything looks awesome, but I can only eat so much!
3. The staff is so friendly. Friday and Saturday nights during the rush they still are perky and happy and make sure you get what you want. 
4. It is BYO, who could ask for more.
They also have a wide delivery range that I am just outside of. It is worth it to swing by and pick up a pie. I have now eaten at the one in Manayunk, South Philly, and Northeast on Woodhaven Rd. The one in South Philly is by far the most enjoyable meal as well as having the most variety on the menu.This is our go-to take out pizza place in Philly. Consistently serves quality pizza within the timeframe they tell you.  Cant comment on the rest of the menu much because I enjoy their za so much.We ordered from here for the first time tonight, we live in the area and wanted to try a new pizza place. We ordered the honey wheat square cheese pizza... don't order the honey wheat square cheese pizza. We waited 75 minutes for this delivery, we called a few minutes before to voice our concern of the pizza not being so great at this point but we were assured that it had left the restaurant not long beforehand. Sure enough, we were delivered luke warm pizza that then ended up tasting like a soggy loaf of bread with sauce and cheese on it. I don't think we'll be going back there.The pizza here is tops or as the kids say now "it's the tits." I heard a kid say that last week...I realize I can't pull it off....I'm getting old. A great sweet sauce with a fantastic crust- a thin sicilian that is perfectly crispy and almost buttery. Fanfoogintastic. Although I usually get takeout, my brother and his family was in town and he is a pizza slut so  we stopped in. The waitress was friendly and accommodating to our large group. We had their tomato pie and their special- good mix of meats and vegs and some meatballs. The meat balls were pretty good, they have a slight cinnamon taste to them that's different, but the pizza is the star by far. But we skipped dessert cuz Santucci's is across from Isgro's, and that's a big bag of sucks for the dessert chef at Santuccis's cause I'm probably never going to wrap my fat fingers around any of their desserts  b/c of Isgro's cock blocking.Good food, but I have never had a good experience ordering delivery. For example, right now I am still waiting for pizza and a salad that I ordered an hour and 40 minutes ago! When I called about a half hour ago, the women halfheartedly apologized and said it should be there in a few minutes. Never again!When Santucci's was named among the Best of Philly pizzas, I had high expectations. I was very pleased that the food was delivered piping hot within 30 minutes of ordering. I liked the spiciness of a Sausage and Spinach piizza, but found the flavor of a White Pizza with Chicken to be lacking. The pie was a little too dense and the square shape had too much crust for my liking.Pizza is really, really good!  Don't go here if you are on a diet, crust is irresistible.  The everything pizza is sooooo good.  Definitely good for Philadelphia.Went for lunch today and waited more than one hour for 2 small pizzas that never came.  Watched other tables that arrived after us get their pizza and sandwiches.  I knew service was slow, but this is ridiculous.  When I told manager that we were leaving and that we left money for our drinks, he could've cared less.I think this is one of the most underrated brunch spots in Philly. It's a total delight. The waitresses are lovely and very attentive. The food is wonderful and very reasonably priced. Honestly, I think it would be good for them to actually raise their prices. I love the laid back atmosphere. 
The only issue is that the timing of when the food comes out is not great. On multiple occasions, I've been eating with a group there and there has been a twenty minute gap in between people's orders coming to the table, which is an issue. I wish they would fix this and time everything better, but this is my only complaint.I wish I could give a better review as I do enjoy Santucci's pizza but they simply have terrible customer service and cannot make deliveries in a timely manner. I've had to cancel multiple orders after waiting well over an hour. I called to check on my most recent order after waiting an hour and 15 minutes to be told my pizza "would be the next one out." The woman I spoke with didn't offer any explanation other than they "got busy" and didn't even offer an apology. I don't typically write reviews but their continued issues forced me to start. I will no longer be ordering from Santucci's.Best pizza in Philly..
I moved to the city about one year ago and one of my missions was to find some great pizza.  Santucci's has won me over.  Unfortunately, I do not live within their delivery area but it is well worth the travel for either pick up or dine in.  The last visit for dinner was exceptional.  We had a traditional pizza with sausage and a white pizza with bacon.  I prefer the traditional however the white with bacon was a nice change and a big hit with the kids.  The dining area is a tight fit however the pleasant waitresses and staff quickly make you feel glad you that you came.  Prices are reasonable and when you add in that its BYOB and its a perfect combination.My new go-to for pizza delivery.
The Santucci's "Works" pizza with a mix of veggies.  Real mushrooms!  (For some reason the Philly pizza shops favor the canned variety).  Peppers.  Sausage.  Pepperoni.  Oh so good.
I hate to admit it, but one week I ordered from Santucci's three times.I, Gil M., do hereby agree to uphold and be bound by this review, wherein Santucci's Pizza shall provide me with one or more of the followng:  (1) the best pizza, square or round, that delivers to the area known as my place of residence Graduate Hospital and its surrounding neighborhoods, herein referred to as 'Pizzaland' (2) enormous sandwiches comprising of seeded rolls stuffed with tasty meats and cheeses accompanied by fresh cut fries (3) dangerously addictive garlic bread cheesesteaks that for all purposes should be illegal in 49 US states (the 84 residents of Montana not-considered) (4) expedient delivery times of aforementioned hot-fresh goods within 30 to 40 minutes for an agreed-upon monetary value. In exchange for the opportunity to purchase the aforementioned items at the agreed-upon value, I agree to provide a suitable tip for delivery services and refrain from referring to completion of sale as "making it Santucci Time!" or "when the magic happens."
By submitting this review, I do recognize and affirm that such speech is agreed upon universally as "creepy," especially when so-called "making it Santucci Time!" frequently occurs during weekends and requires pants with elastic waistbands or a muumuu. Despite any romantic or sexual events that may occur during said period, whether or not they are the direct result of Santucci's pizza or other food products, no one needs to know about it unless they have already partaken in such events. In the event that someone inquires directly about the nature of such events during Santucci Time, I will speak to them directly and without childish euphemisms that make me seem like a 15-year-old boy about to make out with a girl for the first time.
Signed,
Gil M.
Yelp Member
Witnessing Notary: 
Timber
Gil M.'s catThis is my favorite place to take friends and family for amazing pizza.  It is also BYOB so it's a great spot to relax and hang out and enjoy great food. We love to come here for a fun Sunday brunch or a Saturday night out.  They take reservations for big groups and never rush you out. We have gotten into the habit of ordering appetizer pizzas and then enjoying Santucci's other great food- we love the farmer's salad and penne alla vodka and they also always have great specials!I was first introduced to Santucci's at the Best of Philly event in July 2014. Their square Sicilian-esque pizza made them one of my favorite vendors. I thought I was about to sample a tomato pie, however at first bite I discovered the delicious mozzarella cheese hidden below a generous layer of sauce. 
Dining partner, myself, and two others came to Santucci's on a Saturday night around 7:30. There were a few open tables and we were seated as we arrived. The four of us enjoyed a medium works pizza and medium cheese pizza. The pizza was better than I remembered. We ordered just enough to fill us and leave no leftovers. Because it's a BYOB we came prepared with two bottles of red, which was the perfect compliment. When we finished the pizza and the wine, the bill arrived and the total for the the evening was only 26 bucks! So cheap and affordable and a great place to eat and drink with friends.Ordered a pepperoni and meatball pizza..  got maybe one piece of pepperoni per slice.. maybe one meatball chopped into hamburg size pieces and spread around.. caesars salad was in a 4x4 little box.. delivery was late.. by an Uber driver.. who couldnt read the address.. so.. pizza was cold.. all in all.. wouldnt order from here again.. disappointing..i saw Santucci's pop up on Yelp delivery not long along and being a fan of square pizza much more so than it's common triangular counterpart, I was all to happy to give this place a try. I got the "Works" pizza and it was at my door in about 45 minutes. It was actually hot when it arrived which was awesome and not something i've come to expect. It had a nice tangy sauce on top and it was really cheesy. The crust was a bit softer and chewier than i'd usually like but we were not disappointed with the flavors. i'm glad they deliver and I'll definitely order again.Just say yes to Santucci's. 
I've had their traditional pizza (square pizza with sauce on top of the cheese) multiple times for take out. Recently, I saw a reservation available on open table and decided it would be fun to dine in. It's a very small space and tight squeeze. However, I loved getting a glance at everyone else's meals because everything looked phenomenal. The paninis are HUGE served with a heaping mound of fries and the salads & pasta dishes are generously portioned. I toyed with the idea of trying something else, but ultimately couldn't stray from the traditional pie. My friend and I also shared buffalo wings as an appetizer and a cannoli for dessert. 
I will definitely be back to dine in because there are so many other things I want to try, including brunch.  If you haven't tried their pizza yet, you must. Keep in mind they are cash only. 
Update: Returned to try the meatball sandwich and it was just as amazing as I expected it to be. Everything about the sandwich was perfect from the seeded bread with melted cheese to the juicy meatballs and what I would assume to be homemade red sauce. The fries were crispy and well seasoned and the sandwich was big enough for 2 portions. I forgot to mention before that the restaurant is BYO!Great tasty, fresh margherita pizza with thick chewy crust. A medium is definitely enough for two appetites and at $12, it's a steal for Philadelphia. 
The outdoor seating let's you get to know the friendly people in the neighborhood. 
Parking isn't bad for the area. 
Definitely coming back to try more.Great pizza (tried both plain cheese and the works), huge sandwiches (the veggie panini was HUGE), and lovely outdoor seating. Servers were busting their butts on our busy Saturday night visit.The best thing about Santucci's is uncompromising consistency. The tomato pie is wonderful...every time. The Caesar salad is simply the best ever....every time. The Carbonara is prepared the same way....every time. Great service (every time) makes this cash only BYO a bi-weekly favorite of mine and my dear friends.The Ultimo Burger is awesome (blue cheese, bacon and fried egg on brioche bun).top quality bread, dough, sauces, meats, and fresh veg on all the food I have had here. I used them to cater several small house parties and was always impressed with quality. Great tasting properly made sandwiches and pizzas. obvious attention to detail. All employees that I interacted with understood what real customer service is. they have my business for life. They do not sacrifice quality for cost and i hope it stays this way. 5 stars.I've never been to the actual location but some friends ordered delivery from here and let me tell you was I pleasantly surprised!! This is high quality artisanal pizza. We got half tomato pie / half sausage it was amazing. I will definitely be ordering from here again!Very nice.  Big portions.  Good pizza, Nutella and banana waffles, and cheese steak.  Our server was also very attentive.  Good job!The sauce and crust of this pizza is pretty magical.  I've never had pizza where it is flip-flopped like it is here, with the cheese on bottom and sauce on the top.  
I've only been here once for a sit-down meal, and it was lunch on a weekend when it wasn't too crowded.  However, every other time I've come in here to pick up food it was been a madhouse!  I'm not sure if they take reservations, but if you want to eat here, have a plan and maybe a pre-dinner snack.
Aside from the pizza, I've also tried their sandwiches which are also pretty good.  The portions are huge, so be prepared to take some home for later.
Oh yes, and I did want to say that despite it always being crowded here, the staff is always so friendly and helpful.  I'm glad they are finally open after walking by here and seeing it develop!Good, fresh pies. Excellent service. I give 4 instead of 5 stars only because their regular cheese pizza could use a bit more cheese and sauce...but if you pay a little extra, they give a more generous heaping of it.I've never actually eaten in the restaurant but we have gotten plenty of delivery. what can I say- I'm in love. we always get the white pizza and roasted red peppers and onions and I am always satisfied.I've been here twice before... what stood out more than the food was the amazing service. The first time I went I ordered the Green apple salad and a square pizza - both of which were pretty decent. This past Sunday when I went I wasn't too happy about my meal. My side Cesar salad was DRENCHED in dressing and the cheese ravioli just wasn't my taste. I have to say though, the olive oil croutons in my salad were probably some of the best I've ever had. I tried a bit of my friend's marinara and it was SO AMAZING! I wish I had ordered another dish there. Maybe next time.I order from here a lot, with minor mess-ups here and there but nothing major.  Tonight will be the last time I EVER order from here. I order a pizza, salad, and fries with cheese.  They forgot my salad and cheese for the fries, I called back to let them know and they said the guy would be right back.  35 minutes goes by and nothing.  So I called them and asked them to just credit me.  The man who answered the phone was very nice, and said they cant do that.  Now 45 minutes goes by, I called and the same, poor kid answers.  He checks with the manager and he says I have to come into night to get refunded my $.  I ordered delivery, clearly I do not want to come in so I asked to speak with the manager.  He gets on the phone extremely annoyed saying, "WHAT..come in and I will refund your $."  I explain I had some wine, and this isn't my mistake, can I come in tomorrow?  He says, "that is not our policy but I will make an exception because I am working tomorrow." Santucci's policy should be to deliver the right food and if they make a mistake, which everyone does...refund the $.  The delivery guy who was very nice comes back an hour later.  This is the best, it is just the cheese for the fries, still no salad.  I am all set with this place, the service, everything.  Stogie Joe's all the time from here on out...this would never happen there and the pizza is just as good, actually the crust is better.  I only order from Santucci's because I like the one salad better which was a moot point tonight.We were going to a sporting event and was looking for a restaurant fairly close. Santuccis on 10th Street was perfect.  We made reservation and were seated right away.  Restaurant was small  and service wasn't the most attentive at first.  She dropped off water, took our order and brought our focaccia but we still didn't have any silverware or napkins.  Then she served our antipasto board and realized we didn't have silverware yet which she immediately brought. From there, everything went beautifully!  Our water glasses were refilled promptly and she even checked back to see if our food was alright.  About our food, antipasto had cured meats (salami, prosciutto), assorted olives, hard cheese, roasted red peppers, long hots, onions and served with focaccia.  Absolutely divine.  Next time we'll bring our wine.  The side of two meatballs were good but wish they were more tender.  The personal 9" pie with sausage was heavenly.  Perfect crust with delicious tomato sauce and just the right amount of cheese.  We will definitely return.I went here last night for a birthday dinner and it was pretty awesome! Pizza was huge and well priced (we got a Sicilian) and the sauce was perfection. Not too much, not too little, and very well seasoned. The crust was very crisp and just the right amount of thickness. 
We also started off with a cesar salad and mannn, the croutons were to die for. Very crunchy (obviously) but well coated with olive oil. Sauce was quite tasty as well. I think it was home made!
Also great that this place is a BYOB. Definitely have to come back again.After another few on time and delicious deliveries from Santuccis, I have to upgrade them to 5 stars! Our go-to pizza delivery...and we have been wanting to try the actual restaurant! Their brunch is supposed to be great!My review shall be fair and balanced.  Not in a Fox News kind of way, but really, truly so.
I have eaten at Santucci's twice, gotten take out once, and had delivery once.  I have tried many things both on and off the menu, and I must say, I love this place.  It's one of my new favorites in Philly, regardless of price.
I don't generally like thicker crust pizzas.  For the most part, my favorite Philly pizza spots sell extremely thin crust pies.  Barbuzzo, Osteria, Zavino, and Slice are on the thin end of the pizza spectrum.  i tend to stay on that end. Thick crusts remind me of my "ignorance is bliss" youth of eating greasy Pizza Hut.  I was a chubby child.
When I first saw a Santucci's square pizza, I wasn't really impressed.  It looked like a tomato pie, as the cheese is placed between the crust and sauce.  meh.  But after my first bite, I was both impressed by  the quality and flavor of the crust, and by the how well the toppings and ratio of the toppings to crust worked.  It's just damn good pizza.  However, there's so much more to Santucci's.  I could go there every day, not get pizza, and be totally happy.  
If you look on the wall of the restaurant, there's a blackboard with the day's specials.  If I recall correctly, their current theme is "fall harvest."  On two occasions, I had the pasta special-  trofie with mushrooms, butternut squash, walnuts, and a couple of cheeses.  Trofie's a toothsome hand made gnocchi type thing, but pretty thin.  It's got some definite texture to it, which caught me off guard.  I wondered whether it was under cooked, but after a few more bites, it made sense.  The texture of the trofie, the earthiness of the mushrooms, the crunch of the occasional walnut, accompanied by the bits of sweet butternut squash is something that I would like to have in my mouth every day.  Really.  
And it gets better.  On my last trip to Santucci's, there was a roasted chicken special:  Half of a roasted, boneless chicken,  sausage and herb bread pudding, broccoli raab.  I've been on a roasted chicken as of late, and wanted to see the chef's take on this simple, but usually disappointing dish.  I was blown away.  It was easily the best chicken dish I've ever had.  The skin was crisp, well seasoned, and perfectly draped the well salted and herbed meat underneath.  Every single bite was juicy and full of flavor.  Even the breast, which I usually avoid in restaurants, was incredibly moist.  The sides were great too, but the chicken was the star.  I will go back for the chicken.  And get this:  it cost $14.  I could eat this meal every day.  
Summary:  Pizza is good, specials are amazing. 
Downsides:  The service isn't exceptional, but it's a pizza place with a young wait staff.  They are more than friendly and perfectly suited to the type of restaurant.  I have had to wait  a bit longer than I would have liked on occasion, but for the quality of food and what you pay for it, I don't care.  If you make me wait, it better be worth it, and it has been, every time.I really can't say enough great things about this place. I've been here for Valentine's Day, with my mom, with a big group of friends...it's always amazing. A fantastic deal--you get so much food! and it's so good! If you eat in, order off the specials board. If you're ordering takeout, get one of the "works" pizzas (I actually like the vegetarian works better than the meat one). BYO, and a nice neighborhood atmosphere.I've been under the weather the past week and my comfort food from childhood has always been pizza. I crave it like a pregnant woman when I'm sick. 
I only ordered takeout but I was very satisfied with the results. I loved the tomato sauce. It tasted homemade. The only negative I'll say is that I wish there was a bit more cheese and slightly more toppings. There was a bit too much crust for me. The balance between all the ingredients were just slightly off.
Finding parking just to pick up a pizza was also a pain. Walk or uber if you can. 
Service from a takeout perspective was nice and polite. No complaints.
Points for: Their pizza, duh.
No negatives.After having Santucci's multiple times in NE-Philly, we were craving it while we happened to be University City ... I knew that a store had opened at 10th and Christian, but hadn't been there yet - we called just to see if by chance they would deliver to Children's Hospital of Philadelphia - where our daughter was for just one more day (Cafeteria food day after day just doesn't cut it!)... It was a Friday night, and while Mapquest calls Santucci's -to- CHOP  a 15-minute-drive -anyone that know Center City traffic, especially on a Friday night knows that its much longer.  
Anyway, we spoke with "Alicia" who not only said they would absolutely deliver us dinner to Children's Hospital, she actually sent an additional FOUR pizzas free of charge for all of the nurses coming on for night-work (needless to say, they were pleasantly surprised and very, very grateful.  CLASS ACT all the way - while we haven't been down to the store's South Philly location yet, we will never forget their generosity - and we'll be sure to visit the next time we stop down that way!This pizza is not a novelty as some reviewers seem to believe. Do not order it because it is square or because the cheese is underneath the sauce. Order this pizza because it is the best pizza in the world. The sauce dances over your pallette like a wild troop of gypsies pirouetting and playing  accordions. It is truly a party--a really great one, not your mom's birthday party-- in your mouth. The texture of the crust is so scintillating that you will inhale the rest of the pie just to get to it that much faster. 
It is not possible for me to eat any less than one whole large pie in one sitting. I prefer pepperoni and sausage on top to compliment the pepper of the sauce. 
Actual delivery time is often faster than the one you are given on the phone. And I do recommend feasting on this stuff AT HOME since you will like it so much that you will forget your manners and start shoveling two pieces at a time down your throat.Ordered pickup because the last time I ordered delivery it took over 90 minutes.  Ordered online, was sent a confirmation saying my food would be ready in 25 minutes, which it was.  The Caesar salad dressing was flat, needed seasoning.  Disappointing.  Our pizza was ice cold, it is mid December and quite cold outside, so they get a pass on that one.  I also ordered buffalo wings which were bone dry and the celery that accompanied the wings was past its prime by quite a bit (brown with slime).  This offshoot of Santucci's is a far cry from the Woodhaven road location, which is insanely good.Called and ordered a cheese pizza for delivery. They took my address and phone number and told me it would be an hour.  One hour goes by, no pizza shows up, so I called and asked about the status. The girl on the phone (the manager??) asked my addess, and then kind of blew me off with her response "yeah, that will be going out now". Another half hour passes- no pizza. I call back again and they ask my address -- then they tell me they've been to the address 2 times. I asked what phone number they had for me-- turns out that the phone number they had written down was totally different then the one I gave them.  They pretty much hung up on me when I told them nevermind on the pizza. Rude and incompetent. I won't be back.I only write reviews when I want a place to stay in business. Santucci's makes one of the best pizzas in Philly. 
It's pizza in the historical sense: truly Italian. It's not like the round greasy pizza you get at most places. It's old-school square.
The ingredients seem high quality, the sauce is excellent, the cheese melds with the crust - and the crust is the perfect texture and thickness.
This is very good pizza.
DELIVERY ARRIVED IN 20 MINUTES!!! They told me on the phone 45min and I don't live around the corner.Am sitting at Santucci's right now....and everything we've ordered is so delicious, I couldn't wait to post a review and share it with everyone....
Santucci's opened less than a week ago but don't be confused by the name....this place is much more than just a pizzeria....real, authentic Italian foods...great, fresh salads, amazing flatbreads, unique sandwiches, a handful of delicious pastas, AND the best pizza I've had in a long time.....top it off with a few adorable, friendly knowledgable waitresses...and it's just a matter of days before you won't be able to get a table here....luckily they deliver to all of south Philly and center city.....Consistently amazing pizza (both delivery and in store). Hands down the best pizza in Philadelphia. Their pepperoni pie never fails me.I had their pizza at the Pizza Olympics event thingy here tonight and the pizza was mehhhhh howeverrrr who were the girls at the booth!? HOT AS HELL, BRO! LIKE OMG LEGIT GORGEOUS. Do hot chicks work at the 10th St pizzeria? Belong in Maxim..... DUUUUDE!Their pizza is good- I treated a few of my friends to pizza at this place. It's right In the Italian Market area. It's a good place to hang out and enjoy a pie with friends and family. The servers are friendly- but don't forget to bring cash! They do not take cards.I ordered a medium pie for delivery which ended up being significantly smaller than I had imagined (ended up having to order more pizza from a different location). The pizza was good (the signature pie), but very saucey. Trust me, I love myself some extra saucey pizza, but it was missing something. The cheese to sauce ratio was totally off. I guess if i would come back again if I was dining in but I'd definitely ask for extra cheese. Nice flavors, but definitely unbalanced.Santucci's hit it! They're pizza is awesome. Staff were very friendly and attentive. This place stays pretty packed. Tonight I had NY Strip and it was perfect! A great feast! Santucci's is becoming one of my regular spots around town to grab a bite. It definitely been my new favorite pizzeria to call when ordering in at night!Visiting Philadelphia for the first time meant we had to use yelp to find a family friendly place to eat. There are tons of highly rated restaurants to choose from and I'm soooooo glad we picked Sarducci's!!! It was the perfect place for my family and the perfect pasta fix!! The BYOB thing was new since we are from CA, but now I know for our next trip to Philly. Our sever was awesome, so nice and helpful. I highly recommend Sarducci's square pizza and the spaghetti too!!I can't believe how bad this place is.  I placed an order over the phone based on the menu they had posted online.  The price for what I ordered was $14.  They wanted to charge me $22.  The reason was that they had not updated their website. 
When I spoke to the manager, I realized that the owner had hired an immature, obnoxious 14 year old to run their business.  
He was probably the worst business person I have ever spoken to.  I hope his all future employers see this!  Hopefully, he told everyone to look at this page.
A business has an obligation to honor a price they have put out.  And, they need to do that without being snotty to customers.  
I run a restaurant.  I understand what it means to deal with people.  
I would never speak to anyone the way this douchebag spoke to me.  
I would immediately fire any employee of mine that spoke to a customer the way he spoke to me.  
I will never buy anything from Santucci's again.  We ordered/went there about 2x a week.  
Good luck to Santucci's.  I'll make sure every one I know knows how bad this place is and how horrible the manager is.Hands down, some of the best pizza in Philadelphia. I've never been inside. Always get delivery. And the delivery person is always quick and kind. LOVE this place! As a pizza lover, I don't say that often.Make no mistake, the pizza at Santucci's is excellent. However, on a recent visit we got a salad that was drenched with dressing and was uneatable. Upon return of the waitress to our table, we notified her of the problem and the salad was taken off the table.
Upon receipt of our bill, we were disappointed the salad remained on the bill. We asked the waitress who said she did bring it to the attention of the owner but he refused to take it off the bill.
The owner refused to acknowledge a request to speak about the situation and refused to come out of the back. 
This is not the first we observed rude behavior on part of the owner (or manager). Secondly, as we were waiting for the owner to acknowledge the problem, we noticed an abundance of cameras and perhaps microphones in the dining area. Not sure why a BYOB would need such high security.
It seems like from the reviews I have read that I am not the only person who has encountered horrific service at this establishment.
Personally, I will NEVER patronize the poor behavior of this establishment.Everything high quality. Great food. Nothing on the menu would be a bad choice. I eat here 3-4 times a week and I love itNot good at all ... Called and ordered a pizza they told me1 hr called after an hour and 15 min they told me it would be another 45 min... The third time I called the told me it would take another half hour ... 3 hrs for a pizza ??? And it's not even good pizza or food... Just don't bother with them... Too many good pizza places in south Philadelphia ...As far as the food goes, you can't go wrong. I've never had a bad meal here. However, one of the waitresses kept sitting on the little table where all the drinking glasses were. The drinking glasses were upside down on the table. I don't like the idea of putting my mouth on glasses that share a space with the wait staff's butts. 
Again, the food is great, but I hope Santucci's talks to their wait staff about this.Ordered from here for the first time about 2 weeks ago via my aunt's recommendation. Great food and didn't know what to expect from pizza with walnuts (their chicken flatbread) on it at first, but, it was great.
Also got myself an order of garlic parmesan wings that were delicious ,as well.I love this pizza! I give the pizza from south philly 5 stars and the pizza in north philly 4 stars though. I don't know why, but they taste different. I've tried them both multiple times and I swear the pizza from north Broad isn't quite as good. 
Also, the north broad store really messed up my delivery and wouldn't even comp the beverage. They offered to remake my pizza but I didn't want to wait another hour for delivery, who would?! 
The south philly store says they won't deliver past market street and I literally live next door to market street but tragically, they won't let me order from themI write a 1 star review for Santucci's with great reluctance. I have had many great meals from this place and order 1 to 2 times a week.  On this particular night my order consisted of 2 chicken Caesar salads and an antipasto board.  As usual they estimated the delivery to be 45 mins.  
After 1 hour I called to see if my order was possibly forgotten.  I was told it went out 8 minutes prior to my call (so 52 mins to make 2 salads and cuts some lunch meat).  15 minutes later, 1 hr and 15 mins total, I finally hear the doorbell ring.  I grabbed my order, tipped the driver (not his fault right?), and opened the bags. What I found was plastic container for the antipasto that was minuscule (menu says feeds 2-3).  I called because I was upset that my $40 salad delivery was so light in the food.  The offer to me was to not eat the antipasto and they would send me a new one they could get out in 20 mins.  So after waiting 1hr and 15 mins I was supposed to now wait 20 mins (yeah right 20 mins).  I told her thanks but no thanks and hung up.  To perfect my evening I opened my Caesar salad to which I had asked for no croutons only to find them everywhere. 
This was an incredible dissappointment from a place I like so much and their remedy was unacceptable.  It's ashame because the food is great and although the service has always been slow the was ridiculous.Love the veggie specialty pie. I'm sure the pepperoni is as good as people say, but why switch when the healthy option's so good. I'd eat here more often if they took credit cards as payment. They have an ATM on site (not immediately visible), which helps if you're dining in our picking up.Recently gave this famous square pie a try. It did not disappoint...yummy!  really good sauce & cheese. Lighter than it looks and the personal size was a perfect size.  If your wanting to try pizza in the Italian Market this is a must dine or take it to go. The other menu items looked just as good.My husband grew up around the corner from the original santuccis on O st and he introduced this pizza to me years ago. We use to drive from our place in Olde City to Juniata just for a pizza. 
When we moved to South Philadelphia, we were so excited that there was a Santucci's opening up close by. Since my husband was a regular at the o street place, so we would constantly ask for updates on when the South Philly one would open.
A long time passed and it finally opened. As we were already fans, we can only rave about the pizza. We only do the delivery service and the delivery people we have encountered are really nice and joke around with us.Really enjoyed this square pie. The crust is more like a Chicago deep dish (meaning more pastry-like vs. a NY slice) but nicely thin crust. Cheese on the bottom, delicious tomato sauce, and our toppings of sausage and roasted peppers were the perfect addition. We went at an off-hour so we were the only people inside at the time, but the environment was nice, service was good, and the food was excellent.When my NY family comes to town, they seem to always wanna get Santucci's pizza. 
I shriek at them," What's wrong with you people?! This is not how we were raised!!!" just because I enjoy pointless dramatics and inappropriate outbursts of rage. 
Of course we're born thin crust people, but there's no denyin' that Santooch's, (can I call ya Santooch, Santooch? I already do, Santooch.) square crust, sauce-over-the-cheese pizza is very good eating. The not-too-thick crust always seems to keep its crunch through delivery travel (Well, we're only 7 blocks away...we could walk, I know) and I'm a fan that well-seasoned super-tomatoey Santucci pizza sauce.
Another thing, we recently split the braised short rib sandwich too. Pretty pretty pretty good... The meat is shredded and juicy. It comes on a seeded roll with cremini musrooms and oozy melted fontina. I hit it with a little hot sauce here and there. This 9 dolla sandwich comes with a side of hand-cut fries, and I have to say, I've never had any luck with them. When we've ordered em in the past, these potatoes show up either cold under-cooked, soggy and limp as a noodle, or they're burnt and saltless. Either way, I threaten to hurl them out the window for the pigeons.
'Sides that, you're aces with me, Santooch.Their version of the square pizza is very satisfying. I recommend 'the works' because the pizza is not overloaded. It only accepts cash so be sure to hit up your bank ATM before visiting.Heard really good review of this pizza from other locations. This spot did not disappoint. Spoke with the extremely nice owner and had a great meal. Pizza was delicious. Thin, Sicilian pizza with just enough thickness to make it firm. Tasty sausage, sweet sauce and the perfect amount of cheese. Will definitely be back!We got a plain and pepperoni delivered to our apartment for the NFC Championship game. The birds won 38-7. That's enough to give this place 6 out of 5 stars. It also came much faster than expected at a busy time. Wait said 80 minutes, but it came in 45. Not to mention it was a unique and great tasting style of pizza. Will order again!Im giving this place three stars partly because of the price. I think paying almost $30 for a large pizza and fries is a bit expensive... pizza should be one of the cheapest food in my opinion. I'm a big pizza lover so I can't say this is the best pizza Ive had but it's decent. If you're looking to get full off of one slice, this is that pizza. The flavor and sauce is great and I recommend the veggie works which has a good selection of greens. The sweet potato fries might have been better dining in as it was kept in a box and became soggy by the time we were home. All in all, not bad but I've had better.this tomato pie is only a slight upgrade from Stogie Joe's as it does not have the Elio's type crust and the mozz is a tad more flavorful...but the sauce is just as over-salted and the combo is just not anything yummy.Ordered the large cheese pie. Delicious and filling. The sauce, cheese, and crust were all perfect together. I'd get it again in a heartbeat with even more cheese.This place is always rude but today takes the cake. Working in the ED it's super busy so we decided to order some pizzas from Santucci.'s we have a long night ahead of us. They sent the wrong pizza to us so we call to let them know and they said they will send the correct order but they want the other pizza back ??,? I m sorry what?? This is so unsanitary but also rude to even suggest it. You have balls Santucci's brass balls for being so ungrateful for all the business we have sent your way for many years. Personally, I will never order from you again.Ordered two pizzas, a Santucci burger and chicken fingers. My friends ate the pizza because I'm not a fan of sauce on top because it gets into my beard... Anyway, I ordered the Santucci burger pesto and sauted peppers but the burger I received was literally just a cheeseburger, they forgot all the toppings. The chicken fingers were horrible. It didn't taste like anything, extremely bland and dry. The French fries were a soggy mess too. The only thing I would recommend is their pizza... If you're into sauce on top....Was SO looking forward to eating a pizza and some garlic parmesan fries from Santucci's last night after a long Monday at work... but unfortunately that did NOT happen.
Called my order in at 7:30... told delivery would be there within the standard 45 minutes. 45 minutes comes and goes, 1 hour comes and goes and we are bordering on 1.5 hours. After the 1 hour mark I call to check and see if there is a problem.. I was told it was on it's way and should be there within 10 minutes... 30 minutes later, still no pizza. Call back to Cancel the order and was told it was JUST coming out of the oven and they gave us MAJOR attitude about canceling. 
Maybe next time.... maybe never.My boyfriend and I never agreed on pizza before tonight. I prefer Lazaro's and he preferred Santucci's. After a long day of travel and errands I ordered his preference at 8.37 tonight. I updated my address with the cashier and ordered a large plain pie. He confirmed my order and said it would arrive in 45 minutes. At 9.50 it hadn't arrived and they close at 10.00, so I called. They had no record of my order, the cashier who took my order had left, and the response was "I wish there was something I could do for you." Both of us work in restaurants, and I know that if I made a mistake like that I would set things right immediately, and on me. So thank you, because now we never have to argue about pizza, we'll only order from Lazaro's.I got the garlic bread cheesesteak and it was very very good! Extra cheese with a craft beer. I enjoyed there craft beer selected and respected how they only used bottles for their beer. But the most amazing dish was the cheese pizza! Melt in your mouth texture and the sauce to cheese ratio was perfect.The way I look at pizza was forever changed when I first bit into a slice of square pizza. In all my days of delivery, frozen, and fresh pizza I have never had a pizza so delicious in my life. Getting used to the sauce being on top of the cheese and toppings was a little different but it also somehow convinced me that maybe we've been doing pizza wrong all these years. After trying the pizza for the first time I was hooked and I even ordered the pizza again from my hotel the next day. If you're are traveling to Philly, please make it a point to stop by this place. It's a stop you won't regret.Good quality food. You will love the place if you like small places with nice decor. Ohh and they got Sinatra playing in the background....... Sinatra gets 5 stars :p.Went to Santucci's for lunch and was able to take a table outside on a beautiful day with great weather this past week.  We had two personal pizzas, one plain, and one with all of the hot peppers.  They were both very good.  
I am not typically a fan of Sicilian, square, or thicker crust pizza, but this was very good.  The sauce was a little heavy in quantity, but it wasn't too sweet.  The cheese was fine and the crust was crispy on the outside and doughy enough without being to bread-like.
I think the only real issue is the service.  The service is slow.  There was one table packing up, one table with a couple people, and one table with one person, and service was still excruciatingly slow.
I may return, but hopefully they can get a spring in their step next time.I felt a little guilty about ordering from somewhere other than little italy but was so excited about this new neighborhood that I had to try it. I think we will now be rotating our pizza orders between these two. The pizza was delicious and even better the next day re-heated. My only gripe:no ricotta available, my favorite pizza topping.The only place I can compare Santuccis to is Picas in Delaware County. I'm a delco native so I live and die by Picas and I have to say Santucci's is just a bit better.Horrible service! 
Placed an order for delivery, I couldnt hear The lady on the phone and didn't repeat my order. Possibly because of that the order came wrong. When we spoke to the manager he got upset at us for placing the order wrong and hang up on us. A manger suppose to fix problems not act like they doesn't exist.the menu has a nice variety of different foods! the mozz sticks are amazing, light didn't seem greasy at all. portions are huge and worth the money cause you know you'll have left overs. the smoked turkey sandwich was delicious as was my side salad! will be coming back again.I've ordered take out and loved it. French fries with braised short ribs...amazing. Stromboli was cooked to perfection and pre sliced with beautiful flavor on the crust. Inside of spinach Stromboli fell short. Very little salt and quite possibly garlicless. Made me kinda sad cuz I love the garlic flavors of Italian food. I will try this place again but I'll keep mAking my Stromboli at home.The original Santucci's pizza!! Grew up eating this pizza as a reward on Friday nights and it's still the best in Philly. No other pizza compares to Santucci's recipe. Once you try it, you will agree!!The square pizza is the second best I have ever had (close second to L&B Spumoni Gardens in Brooklyn). The problem was it took forever to come and then was blamed on computer error. The friendly server (rocking an amazing Philly accent) did not charge for sodas so was not too bad. Also, it was mad cheap. A great place to go.Now this is good pizza. I ordered a mushroom pizza with extra sauce. It was delivered in less than an hour, and it was piping hot. I am a now a fan. Welcome to the neighborhood Santucci's!Great food, but staff could use some training in customer service. Everytime I place a phone order I'm interrupted with a rushed "anything else, anything else?". It would be faster to just let me finish, instead of interrupting after each item.The food is good. The waitresses are super nice and the place is clean. The people answering the phone,(especially the tall kid who's mustache looks like he just hit puberty) they suck. Like to the point where I'd like to drag him out from behind the counter.Ordered a basic tomato pie with mushroom and long story short - I've found my new favorite pizza shop.The first time I went here, the service was horrible. We were seated and then the waitress completely forgot us. There was some confusion with who was going to take our drink order (come on there are literally like 10 tables in the place and two waitresses) so we sat there for maybe 8 minutes then had to stop one of them and ask if we could order. Chicken caesar salad was pretty damn delicious and full of freshly grilled chicken. My friend got the chicken parm sandwich and it was huge and lived up to its expectation. Fresh, crusty Italian sub roll was the best part. 
Second time we went we got a plain and a white pizza and the fresh cut fries. Plain was good but not incredible. The white was missing something. Duh, the sauce. But no seriously, I should have asked for them to put some ricotta on there cuz just having mozzarella was pretty boring. I actually asked the waitress why they didn't put any on since their location in Manayunk does and that's why I ordered it here and she said theirs is the original...oh well. Next time I'll ask for them to put it on.
The pizza crust overall is pretty bland and tastes simply like flour. I loved the crispy, chewy texture of it though. 
Some fries were crispy, and then some were more on the flimsy mushy side. 
Our waitresses was the friendliest and most attentive waitress I may have ever had. Helena is awesome!In town for the Philadelphia Marathon this past weekend, a bunch of friends and I were looking for a place to carb load. Of course, many places were booked in advance while others took walk-ins that had more than 2.5 hour wait times. Luckily, Santucci's agreed to seat our party of ten within a few minutes around 6:30 pm.
Service was impeccable - super friendly, and I thought the food came out in pretty good time considering how busy the place was on a Saturday night. 
My boyfriend, who was running the marathon, wanted to load up on calories too. He and I shared a personal  9' pizza ($6) and the Granny Smith Apple salad ($7). I ordered the chicken parm with spaghetti. He had the spaghetti with meatballs. I liked the spaghetti but didn't like either meats. I also had a tiramisu - delicious! A hint of amaretto and almonds gave a unique taste and texture to the tiramisu.Love this pizza, I could probably eat it everyday :) it's a must try especially if ordering in.Stopped for quick Italian bite and this place was on point! I had their burger Ultimo Bacon, family got a classic square pizza and BLT The Philomena. Oh fries was GREAT too.Purchased a median pie with extra cheese and extra sauce and there was hardly extra of anything (see picture). The bread/crust was flavorless, the sauce was unremarkable, and I don't even know if the cheese had any flavor. There is a spot in Primos/Clifton Heights (Gaetanos) that has an upside down tomato pie that makes me question why I ever eat anything else, but I wanted to try this place based on the reviews and that it's close to me. Underwhelming and dry and just plain meh. I won't be back.Picked up a pizza here Saturday night. We had half pepperoni and half sausage. I enjoy a thicker pizza and square so this was very good.We had a delicious first time visit to Santuccis. We ordered sweet potatoes fries to start with Caesar salads to go with the pizza. 
The sweet potato fries are a huge portion, shared with 2 adults and 3 kids. We ordered 2 Caesar salads to share, allowing the kids to eat.  The salad had a great garlic flavor.
We ordered The Works pizza which had sausage, pepperoni,  cheese, sauce, mushrooms, onions and green bell pepper.  They are known for their square pizzas made in a pan where the cheese goes on the bottom and sauce on the top. 
We definitely will be coming again.My friend and I came here in the middle of the day on a Saturday (around 2:30pm) and it was empty. We split a Large (17") Veggie Works (extra cheese, spinach, broccoli rabe, green peppers, mushrooms, and onions). It was delicious! 
I was curious to see if the order of crust, cheese, sauce, toppings really made for a different experience than the usual order of crust, sauce, cheese, toppings. To be honest, it wasn't better, but it also wasn't worse - just a new way to see the world of pizza. We ate half the pizza there and took the other half home. Overall, a great deal for delicious pizza!So, for the past couple of months we've been getting pizza here on the regular - once a week. They are super consistent and always delicious. Fast, friendly delivery, too.
We had just gotten their pizza a couple of days ago and were hungry for something else. I got the smoked turkey with arugula, red pepper mayo, cheese, lettuce/tomato on an italian roll and my husband got a cheesesteak. These sandwiches were out of this freakin world. So good. The french fries are great and they come on the side of the sandwiches. Again, mind-blowingly fast delivery. I had to stop eating to write this review....gonna go finish eating now....
This is our go to place for everything....thank you Santucci's....yumOrdered delivery.  Charged us cash when arrived when we already paid with credit card.  Also sent the wrong food.  No cheese on the cheesesteaks and totally cold.It's alllll in the sauce! And the cheese wont burn under there :) Favorite pizza hands down. So glad it made it's way to my neck of the woods!  Give it a try if you haven't already...you'll definitely throw it into the rotation.  Oh, and byob if you please.I love this place! Every time I go, I order something different and they're all equally delicious. They had a special for their dry rub garlic parm wings - holy amazing. Their Caesar salad is perfect. Can't wait to go back!I love the Santucci's in Northeast Philadelphia but this one in South Philly is the worst. I've never waited less than an hour and a half and the food is always cold when it gets to me!very disappointed with my dine-in experience. went for dinner last weekend, there was only one other table in the restaurant, all kids working behind the counter. everything that we ordered besides the pizza was cold, i don't understand how that was possible because i saw the food go up for the waitress to serve & she served it immediately. i've never had cold wings or fries before or a cold cheesesteak for that matter. the waitress was great, but this time i have to say the food was not. i will order pizza for take-out but thats about itI live in QV and couldn't wait to check out Santucci's.  We went early on a Sat night with my 3 young kids, my wife and one of their friends.  The staff couldn't have been more considerate and helpful.  We ordered a bunch of off the menu special items for the kids and they were happy to accommodate.  The wife and I stuck to pizza and pasta.  The white with sausage was up there with Taconelli's.  Also got the spaghetti carbanara.  If your willing to work out the next day I highly recommend it.  Overall very satisfying.I had the New York Strip which was a special.  It was special.  It was delicious.  The creamed spinach was perfect, and not watery like most places make it.  The coffee was also as good as one would get in Starbucks - really strong but tasty.  It's all cash.  I will return.You know what? It's a little expensive, but it's GOOD. And let's be honest here- good pizza in Philadelphia isn't always easy to find. Hearty crust, cheese on the bottom, snappy sauce, and a plethora of veggies. I've only ever ordered delivery, and usually pop my slices in the toaster oven for just a few minutes to crisp up the bottom. I've never been disappointed in Santucci's.A favorite philly pizza. Has "secret cheese" beneath the red sauce. You'll never be disappointed with this pizza. I miss it.Considerably the best brunch I've ever had. 
My friend and I decided to bypass the usual contingent of busy brunch spots after reading the menu posted out front. Best decision ever. Our waitress was attentive and nice, you could tell the cook appreciated the details in his food because the presentation and taste was spot on, and the coffee was out of this world. 
I'll definitely be coming back to Santucci's during my next trip to Philly, for brunch or anything else on the menu.So good. It's wild. Just make sure you call the right one when you order ahead... Because if you don't and show up and ask for your pizza they are kinda like "ouch, you called the wrong one." But then they are like "Ay Louie, this dumbo called the wrong store! Throw a pie in right away so he doesn't have to wait too long, ok Louie?" And Louie gives a little look that's like "just this once, kid. Next time you waitin'." 
Beat pizza I've had in Philly.Pizza is still delicious but I'm dropping it down a star because the last two times I was told it would be delivered within an hour and it was 1:30 and cold. I actually had to heat it up before eating.This is one of the best Italian restaurants I've ever been to, and I've been to a lot. The waitstaff is awesome, the food is incredible, and it's BYOB!!!
I highly recommend the chicken parmigiana, it is to die for.Between mouthfuls, my sister says: "My God, this is quite possibly the best pizza I have ever had." "You are right. It is," I confirm. I don't feel great about cheating on Grotto Pizza, my hometown lover, but Santucci's is undeniably amazing. This past weekend, my husband and brother in law went there 3 times. I decided to take a chance on something new Monday night and ordered their panzanella, which was awesome, too. It is good and bad that they are so close. Good, because we can walk and the prices are fair. Bad, because I like the way my clothes fit. Note to readers: this is 'upside down' pizza, which means the cheese is under the sauce. And as of right now, this location is cash only.Pizza is pretty good but I ordered a two liter bottle of soda and they didn't deliver it but charged me $4.40 for it. I called and they told me they would send it over but they never did. Disappointing!While on our way to a different restaurant my sister and I passed someone with a box of something with amazing smelling tomato sauce coming from Santucci's. The cosy environment was much nicer inside than I had expected from a pizza place, and it turns out Santuccis is way more than just a pizza place. Expect to be greeted by giant fresh baked goods and chocolate cookies. We had a medium pizza that was half white with mushrooms and onions, and half red with the works, and a mushroom pasta dish that was a special. The whole meal came to around $30 for two people. Fungi fans should be sure to stop by as this place excelled at both mushroom dishes. The red sauce was just as good as it smelled. I think I've found my new favorite neighborhood pizza place.2 hours later and still no pizza. The pizza may be delicious but pointless if they can't take directions, can't communicate and well...you have no pizza. Offered a free liter, but the driver would have to return to the store and pick it up. Really? So disappointed and frustrated!The square pizza is awesome. Period. It's amazing and delicious and I highly recommend it.
The place is new and it shows. The servers are, as other reviewers have noted, young and borderline annoyed that they are working every time we're there, but I suspect that they're more annoyed that this place is still CASH ONLY. WHY??!
I really want them to stop slamming the beverages down so hard on the table and possibly smile. Even a fake smile will do and I'll ignore the fact that your boobs and ass are hanging out, lol. THANKS!Terrible customer service! Ordered delivery sandwich that comes with fries and pizza was told would be delivered within the hour. It was delivered an hour and a half later no fries! Called was told it would take ah1/2 hour for the fries, wanted sandwich with fries! Manager very rude owner would not get on the phone. Food really not that good and definitely not worth the wait. Very expensive pizza was terrible.this place has been dead both times I came in for sunday brunch (except for pick-up orders of pizza) but the food is really, really spectacular and it's nice and clean inside.
i knocked a star off the total because all 5 waiters/waitresses on staff decided to congregate next to us our entire meal and talk to each other about problem customers. some of the stories were amusing, but it was just a weird experience.
also, best restaurant meatballs i've ever had. they are made of beef, wild boar, and veal.Thank you for delivering a luke warm pizza to me two hours after placing my order which was to be delivered within 50-60 minutes. I called after 1.5 hours and was told my pizza was sitting waiting to be picked up by their delivery driver and it would take another 30 minutes to deliver. Being "busy" is not an acceptable excuse for missing the timely delivery window. Had I been notified it would take an extra hour to make and deliver a pizza less than .5 miles from your location, I would have requested the order be canceled. To top off this bad experience, the delivery driver called me after delivering my pizza to tell me I owed $1.62 which Eat24 already charged me via Paypal. He was insistent that I owed $1.62 and I reiterated that he can take that up with Eat24 because I already paid $1.62 in a separate charge. Due to Santucci's lack of professionalism, poor customer service and nonexistent communication skills, I will never order from here again.Best pizza in the city.   Sauce on top of delicious cheese on top of a perfect square crust. I grew up with this pizza and it is as good as ever.   Delivery can be a wait so be forewarned.
If there is a game going on though, delivery is super unreliable.   And they stop answering phones so you can't find out when or if your food is coming.     Told under an hour.     We are now at two hours and no food....Pizza place favorites made delicious. Roasted vegetable sandwich on a chewy, multi-grain bun. Meatballs the size of a softball. Peppery, creamy zucchini soup du jour great. Friendly staff. Great choice.- TIP:  A substantial crust that stands up to the toppings.  Take advantage & get The Works.
- CON:  Cash only.
- BOTTOM LINE:  It's not Sicilian pizza - the crust is on the thinner side of thick which makes for a well-balanced pie.  Every time I'm here with a group, I'm blown away by how little each of spend (usually ~$10).Wanted to try a new place for some semi-decent Sunday night pizza. Ordered a farmers salad, large pizza, and fried mozzarella. We specifically spelled out our street name because it can be confusing. Got a call a half hour later that they were almost here, then 2 minutes after that because they needed our address again. Pizza got here 10 mins later with the salad and no mozzarella. Said they would deliver it soon. Got here 20 mins later and the delivery man said "here you go," didnt even look at me, and gruffed away. Mozzarella had obviously been sitting out that whole time. Food was ok, definitely not worth the trouble.SERVICE IS TERRIBLE! I called for a delivery, the guy on the other end was extremely rude and the delivery guy was even worse! They both seemed miserable, and they must hate their jobs. 
Fries were EXTREMELY soggy, so much water from condensation we couldn't even eat them! 
Pizza was good, but their pizza has always been good!I'm a purist.  I like to open a pizza box and see the oozy, cheesy goodness that awaits me, so I don't eat the pizza at Santucci's (please don't throw things at me for saying this).  
And yes, despite the above statement, I'm still giving Santucci's a 4 star review.  We ordered from here recently and I got the pepperoni stromboli (I'm a sucker for a stromboli) and wings.  They were both excellent.  The stromboli tasted like they took garlic bread and rolled pepperoni and cheese inside of that and baked it.  They served it with a very generous side of sauce for dipping.  I ate the entire thing and I'm not ashamed to say it.  The wings were crispy, even after delivery, and covered in sauce which looked like it had blue cheese mixed into it, a very nice little surprise.  
They have a large variety of items on their menu and I know that I'll always find something delicious to eat instead of pizza.Tried this place out for a lazy Sunday dinner, and woah I am still reeling from the amount of food I consumed. My friend suggested The Works pizza and I had to have the house cut fries. Food was ready in mere minutes, and it took me just as long to devour everything (but three bites of pie). 
I've never had Sicilian style pizza before, and I'm shocked, seeing how much I enjoyed this pie. Cheese melted into the bread and sauce on top? Uh, yes please. My friend said this is the best Sicilian in the area, and for now I will have to agree. If only I had room in my stomach for those last few bites...With Hawthorne's out of commission because of fire and places such as Sabrina's and Sam's Morning Glory consistently mobbed Santucci's is a quality alternative choice. We ended up at Santucci's only after seeing the lines at other more well know brunch spots and were seated right away (restaurant was 1/4 full). The food was relatively high quality, albeit less creative than what you might expect at other spots, and the portions were large for the size. Think standard diner offerings such as eggs, pancakes, french toast, etc.
Santucci's has secured a spot on our brunch rotation list. It's a great spot to get a better version of what you might cook yourself for weekend breakfast, without the wait!This place really went downhill. Just ordered take out and asked for a burger medium rare, it was well done and the pizza was soggy. It used to be really good.I grew up on Santucci's.  The original one from Juanita.  Since moving to Center City was thrilled to find them on 10th St.  Had good experiences up until last week.  The pizza was awful.  I figured someone ordered a pie, but never picked it up.  I called to have one deliver and they reheated the pie that in my guess was sitting there for at least an hour.  The crust was stale and hard.  It will be a looooong time before I order from them again.Ate here 2 weeks ago and had delivery on Christmas Eve. Both were great.  I have to say dining is a better option, nothing like that pizza right from the oven. However, I can't complain about he delivery as the food was good and the service was great.  In the 2 visits we had a few of their salads, 2 kinds of wings, 2 kinds of pizza and ravioli, would recommend them all!Best pizza in the city in my opinion (Birra is great too). I recommend this place to everyone anytime the topic of pizza comes up. Whenever I'm out at a party or someone orders pizza from somewhere else, I long for the deliciousness that is Santucci's! I feel like I am cheating when I have pizza from anywhere else. Brick oven pizza done right. Just the right thickness, cheese, sauce, and toppings. The veggie works is amazing, and usually what me and the wife get. Also, the orrechiette pasta is outrageously good...made with broccoli rabe and Italian sausage. I wish I could eat here everyday!Beware. When I picked up my order at the new location tonight, I was told that this Santucci's is not affiliated with the "other" more well known Santucci's. I presented a coupon I found on santuccis.com, which lists this location, but they said they would not accept it. That and the fact that I've been told several times that they will be accepting credit cards but they still have not make me wish the pizza wasn't so good. This is a franchised location, not the real deal.In town for business and 3 people recommended this spot.  Had the personal
white pizza with spinach and roasted peppers.  It was very goood and way to big for me to finish!  Probably because I had fries for appetizer- and ate the all.  I'd definitely returnMy favorite pizza EVER! seriously, the most delicious pan pizza ever. The sauce, cheese, and the crunchy well-done edges of this square pizza is the bomb.comHad a big order for 6 people and spent almost $100 on pizza and salads.
One of the salads had next to no greens and was filled to the brim with bread cut up, totally embarrassed to put it on the table .
Called the next day to talk to someone and got a run around about it.
All I wanted was a credit for the next time but no one would call back or give me to the owner. Being in business myself, I totally think they dropped the ball or just don't care. I care that I will never order there again and spread the word about poor customer relations!!!Truly a unique and great pizza. They have a square, semi deep dish style crust with the sauce on the top and cheese on the bottom. The large pie is plenty and the toppings are fresh. Do your self a favor and try this one out.After a decade of living in Philly, Santuccis still remains the only pizza restaurant I recommend in Philadelphia.  They have two locations in center City but this review is for their location on 10th St. (Italian market area)
If you arrive around dinner, don't be surprised if you find it crammed inside or their delivery times at or above one hour waits.  Get it to go and enjoy back at home or at the park around the corner.Recently went here for my sister's birthday lunch and ohmygoodness it was DELICIOUS.
I tried a bit of everyone's dishes and definitely recommend them all:
Nutella pancakes
Chicken parm sandwich
Buffalo chicken bites (note: these are big! Definitely not the "bite size" you'd expect)
Margherita pizza (love how the sauce is on top of the cheese!)
Service was very friendly and attentive. Can't wait to come back!A very expensive mistake.  I went to pick up a pizza at Santucci's in South Philly and they put spaghetti sauce on my pizza instead of pizza sauce.  I drove 20 miles to get a the pizza and had to throw it away, then order  a fresh pizzas from near my home.  It ended up costing me $50 for a pizza.  I call Santucci's and the chef was rude and told me that he believed his kitchen help and not me.  I have been eating Santucci's pizza all of my life.  I have had both of sauces in the past, I often order pasta when we eat there and I know my sauces. 
I have spent a fortune eating there to be insulted by the chef and not offered a new pizza or a credit is absolutely crazy!!!!  I am in the restaurant industry and will be letting people know how they treat their customers.  Last week I spent $160 at Santucci's for brunch and pizzas.  Never again!  This place has no respect for their loyal clients.  Also a pizza with spaghetti sauce is disgusting.  GET A REAL CHEF SANTUCCI'S and go back to the way your family ran the business years ago.  Never again will I go to the 10th and Christian location again.Thank god I live too far away for them to deliver to my apartment or else I might eat this at least 3 times a week. 
When I lived in Manayunk, this place was a standard sunday take out meal and I now remember why. The pizza is absolutely delicious and incredibly approachable. The crust is crunchy but doughy at the same time. This is a sauce on top pizza that is salty and sweet at the same time. The ingredients are incredibly fresh and the service was great(even though it was insanely packed).
I can't wait to get back to the italian market to try their sandwiches. Every time one flew by, my mouth watered a little more....I grew up eating from the original Santucci's on "O" street in Juniata.  So, when I discovered they had a South Philly location, I absolutely had to try it, for nostalgia, if nothing else.
The crust was a bit thinner than what I remember, but it's still the same delicious sauce!  I also got some wings, which weren't that great (thus the 4 star review).  They also don't take cards which can be inconvenient at times.
I haven't tried anything else on their menu.  I'm glad to see they're offering a bigger menu, but still keeping the same great pizza.Pizza, meh. 
The Uncle "Joe Coke", tits.
Get it now.
Thank them later.food here is absolutely amazing wings are so good pizza is very goodThe waitstaff was very friendly, and my group has very attentive service here.
I also thought the pizza was decent, but with such a smattering of great pizza throughout Philly, this pizza didn't quite reach the mark.
We got a Veggie works pizza, and a regular works pizza with fries as an appetizer for the group.
The fries came out very quickly, but were not quite as crispy as I would have liked, and a little soggy.
Both works pizzas were good. The regular "the works" pizza was very saucy, and came with pepperoni, sausage, onions, mushrooms, and green peppers. The sauce for this pizza was actually atop the cheese.  Unfortunately, the crust became a tiny bit soggy with all the sauce on it. 
The veggie works has onions, peppers, mushrooms, extra cheese, and broccoli rabe on it (interesting touch). The cheese on this really stood out, stringy, stretchy and very snappy. I surprisingly like this version of the works pizza much better than the meat-filled one.Santucci's pizza blew me away. It's a BYOB spot so bring a bottle of your favorite. The dining area is small but you're not packed in. The service was attentive.
The food is the star here. I've only ordered the pizza, so I can't comment on the other menu items. 
The pizza here is a square, thick-crust, Sicilian style. Best bet is to share a bunch of personal pizzas with a group. I recommend their original, The works, and a white pizza with sausage/onions/peppers.Traveling from out of town and thought I would give Santucci's pizza a try.  Absolutely delicious!I recently moved to Philadelphia, and if you haven't been here let me tell you, pizza places are a dime a dozen. Out of all the ones I have tried (20? 30?), Santucci's truly stands out.
Me and a group of friends stopped in after the Mummer's parade and were blown away. Although the restaurant was filled to capacity and had countless take out orders, the service was attentive and relaxed. 
The food is stellar. We tried three different pizzas, two different pastas, one person had a burger, and we also tried the soup of the day. Everything was delicious, and obviously made with high quality ingredients and love. Hands down the best pizza I have eaten in Philadelphia.
Be forewarned though, they are a cash only restaurant (with an ATM on premises).I have only had the pizza (usually with green peppers and olives), but it is my FAVORITE in the neighborhood or even the city!  I'll happily pass up closer and cheaper pizza options on my way to Santucci's. Usually I call in for pickup and it is ready by the time I walk there, about 20 minutes. Have only dined in a couple of times with visitors; no complaints about the service, although my out-of-town mom was unhappy with the waitress one time (I wasn't). 
The pizza is layered from the bottom up like so: crust, cheese, sauce, toppings.
Wish they took cards, but it's worth the extra step of getting out cash ahead of time.Pizza here is beyond phenomenal!  Love the food. Great price! Well worth the money for the meal. Place is very clean. Servers are extremely nice however not quite attentive. It took a little long to get our food. It's a family business they were a little preoccupied with family socializing. All in all though, a nice time.I don't understand why this place has any less than four stars. We got a large pizza with pepperoni and broccoli rabe, and it was delicious. The sauce and crust were among the best that I've had. Contrary to what other reviewers have said, our service was great. In addition, the restaurant itself was very nice to hang out in.Best pizza in Philly, always delicious. Have ordered delivery from the south philly location and also sat outside. No complaints, great service just keep in mind if you eat at the restaurant it's cash only but they have an ATMAwesome pizza! Went for lunch and brought  1/2 baked home.  Best pizza in Philly! Also had Stromboli and Flatbread that were also very good but pizza was the best. Also noticed other diners having brunch it also looked yummy! Will be back again! Must try!!I love chewy pizza dough and even more so when the edge of the crust is crispy, Santucci's hits it spot on. I wouldn't change a thing, their sausage is flavorful, sauce has that basil taste that's not overwhelming, and they don't over cheese the pizza leaving you with that gummy feel in your mouth. Balanced perfectly making it easily my best Square cut pizza! My wife and kid ordered cheese sticks as an appetizer, while I'm not normally a fan of fried cheese Santucci's marinara changed my mind. I was torn between getting the pizza or pasta, so I just ate the marinara like soup. Since I must return to eat here again I know I'll definitely try their pasta soon, even with it being a 6 hour drive from Pittsburgh. I enjoyed the cozy atmosphere and the conversation with the lovely young cashier. Thank you all from start to finish!I think my update might be a 5 star.  I will give it 5 stars after a few more sittings.  I totally love the pizza.  I got a personal white with broccoli rabe and onions.  The funny thing is that I don't eat much pizza!  Cousin got the spaghetti and meatballs and thought it was wonderful.  The meatballs were quite good.  As well as the sweet potato fries.  Yum!  Went there on a Tuesday night and it was packed!Tasty! Nice thick crust, the sauce is very flavorful.  The sauce is on top on the cheese. It was great tasting and something different.  It's not mind blowing, but it's really very good.  I'll have to try delivery sometime!!Another day, another pizza craving. Santucci's was a solid option for a sista to get that 'za fix. After seeing several drool-worthy photos of the square legend all over Instagram and checking out the opinions of my fellow yelpers, finally decided to give this place a try.
Two of us shared the fries and caesar salad to start, both of which were well portioned and tasty. The croutons in the salad were next level. 
I got a personal pizza with banana peppers and pepperoni. Love that they take the upside down approach and put the cheese first with sauce layered on top. Nana peps gave that extra little kick that I was looking for. 
The space itself is nothing too memorable, but they have outdoor seating and our server was super sweet. Will definitely be back!Sunday night TV is not complete without a square pie and chicken fingers. Santucci's could easily open another location on the west side of South Philly. While I love this place, they need to accept credit. It's 2017!I couldn't wait to order Santucci's after all the great things I've heard. But the weird square pizza with sauce on top did not do it for me. It was not horrible by any means but I thought it was very bland - sausage and mushrooms pie.... bland. plain pie....bland. Sauce...bland. crust....bland. cheese....bland. I am generally a thin pizza guy. I favor Lazaro's and Pietro's but love several thick crust pizza joints in Boston and Chicago. I am very much open to "different" foods and will  try anything. Usually for me, the weirder the better. But Santucci's pie was weak. 
Their apple salad was fabulous and the flatbread with chicken, pesto and walnuts was a-ok. I just don't get the hype about this place.Very good pizza and Stromboli!
I was born and raised in Italy just for you to know.Seriously, hands down best restaurant in the Italian market (and yes, I've been to Sabrina's). Go for the works, and if you're feeling a bit crazy, grab some stromboli. Haven't had the carmelized onion/bacon/egg breakfast pie, but definitely seems worth the trip back.  Amazing waitstaff, truly phenomenal deep dish, and a steal when it comes to cost. BYO too. You can't lose!Finally got to Santucci's and am so glad I did! Loved the square pepperoni pie with cheese under the sweet tomato sauce (I think this helps with not searing the top of one's mouth because it allows the sauce to cool a bit while the cheese and crust is still hot!). The calamari was nice and crispy without being overlooked, the meatballs were browned on the outside and moist on the inside, and the broccoli rabe had lovely roasted garlic and a natural flavor. The garlic bread was a little dry, but nice and toasty. And to top it off, the cannoli was fantastic: filling was not too sweet, shell was nice and crispy, and it was large enough to share. With a bill that was just right, we'll definitely be back!
PS. BYO is the best!
PPS. Cash only!!! (They do have an ATM in case you don't realize this till you plunk down your credit card!)Food: 4
Decor: 3
Ambiance: 2.5
Service: 3.5
Value: 3.5
So out here in the 'burbs, we have a pizza place called Pica's. It is famous for having the cheese on the bottom, and the sauce on the top. I heard rave reviews about this place Santucci's, a place that follows the same ingredient placement. While Santucci's seems to taste a little more... rustic? Natural? The overall experience of eating the pizza isn't quite on par with Pica's. This isn't a knock against Santucci's, rather a complement to Pica's.What the hell Philadelphia? This pizza is not good. 
The crust was bland, the cheese was stiff and greasy, and the sauce wasn't even worth remembering. This pizza reminded me of the cafeteria pizza you'd get in high school.I'd heard people raving about this place for the last couple weeks and decided to get delivery when they opened their doors.  The people were right.  The crust is amazing.  Toppings, delicious.  I can't wait to dine in next time and try everything else on the menu!Had an arguement about this place with an idiot...  My point simply stated is that Santucci's is the best pizza in Philadelphia. Counter arguement, some bullsh*t about squareness, order of the sauce layering... I really don't care, i mean, sigh... This is an arguement that should have happened in the restaurant itself because then, less words more chewing. And if, if for some reason you are an idiot and dont want the eat the best pizza in Philadelphia, eat literally anything else on the menu. The crespella funghi with short rib for instance might be the best thing you can eat in Philadelphia and I'm willing to argue about it.. as long as the arguement happens at Santuccis :)Great Pizza.  I prefer to have it cooked - Well Done to get a nice crisp crust.  WARNING Very Slow & Unreliable delivery.  To get your pizza in an hour is fast for them, normally I wait much longer.  Not sure if they don't have enough drivers or if the quality of the pie makes the demand higher than supply.  I try to always pick up but sometimes that isn't an option & I have to subject myself to their slow delivery.
Given that they are relatively a new shop in their current location, I'm hopeful that they will get their delivery act together.  But keep on making great pizza regardless!Excellent! Great pizza, crisp crust!! The salads are absolutely outstanding, casual, reasonably priced! Haven't had a bad thing yet!!This place manages to pull off combining high quality, great ingredients with a down-to-earth mentality and pricing. The pizza reminds me of Casserta's in Providence in terms of a crispy Sicilian-style with a sweet sauce - but all the toppings are fresh and high quality.Honestly, I'm getting so frustrated with santucci's cause the service is so terrible.
The pizza is awesome. The crust is nice and crunchy. The sauce is delicious and tangy.
But again, the service.
They either are so flustered they can't take the correct order or you are waiting there forever.
I even got there, paid, stood in front of them, and had to keep checking on my order. and they STILL forgot I was right there waiting so my pizza had been done and waiting on the oven.
The people that work there are so lack luster. I need to start looking to other pizza options.Just ordered a half plain half white pizza and wings for delivery; it took a little while for it to get here but it was worth the wait! Absolutely delicious. I was having trouble finding a good pizza spot since I have been having bad experiences at other places so I'm glad I finally found a new spot !