1st time visitor, and will def. be back. Moist and flavorful chicken. Surprisingly, I didn't want or need any bread, roll, cornbread or biscuit. The fried rice with egg, chicken and onions was so awesome I could have just ate that by itself!! I got a large container of it to go! I didn't try the dessert but was glad they had some and will  try it next time
Atmosphere -  clean and plenty of seating. Wasn't sure which way to go in to order though
Location - easy to find, parking was ok
Price - more than I was expecting, but worth it
Staff-  friendly and looked like they enjoyed what they were doing and were happy to serve 
Music -  not too loud not too soft ... just right
All together great spot and perfect for  a SFdancer! - Seat Food Dancer - Someone who dances/moves in their seat when the food is good- yep I just made that up ... well at least I gave it that name lol, cause those of y'all that dance know what I am talking bout!Really solid rotisserie chicken! The chicken is very flavorful and juicy. The sides are pretty decent, but can definitely be improved. The portions are quite generous and the prices are pretty fair. The staff is very friendly as well. The mixed grill is very good and is plenty of food for 2 people. I haven't tried the majority of things on the menu because the rotisserie chicken is good. I have taken many people here and they always enjoy.Their food is ok.  What keeps me and everyone else coming back is their sauce. Otherwise, your better off buying their sauce and eating a supermarket prepared rotisserie chicken.Fresh and big portions. Cheap is a terrible word to use. The price is cheap but the quality and service is not. Super busy but still fast and friendly.Great food. Large portions.  Good atmosphere. Totally recommend.  I had the chicken, rice and beans and plantains. Husband had Ultimate Mixed Grill.  Everything was great.  I am really glad we tried this place.  We are definitely going back.Sardis chicken is unbelievably flavorful, juicy, and hot. Half chicken traditional or ask for all dark if you're feeling juicy. They have a good selection of sides that are healthy. If you are looking for more flavor though definitely try the plantains, yuca, fried rice (chaufa) and the mashed potatoes. Empanadas are delicious when they have them. Their ceviche is definitely a wild card. Served in a traditional Peruvian plate up with bib lettuce. Sweet potatoes that are boiled in cinnamon and other spices balanced so perfectly with the Cancha and boiled sweet corn. Acidic, spicy, and fresh!!! This place is awesome. Staff at times can seem overwhelmed but every time i go in i have a great experience.It's great to have a Peruvian chicken place in Philadelphia. Prices are very good (specially if you come with your party of 4). The best deal is the one that includes a whole chicken with 3 large sides and a 2L bottle of Inka Kola (Peru's favorite soda). Good chicken flavor, kind and helpful staff, clean space and nice musical background (Latino Music).When your fellow diners are policemen, taxi drivers, women in hijabs, a priest, millennial finance guys, petite Asian women, Philly locals and a strange looking guy with a small disheveled therapy dog in tow, you know you have come to the right place.  Located in a strip mall down the street from the hotel we had landed in, this Yelp recommendation did not fail to satisfy and makes us wish that this Maryland Peruvian chain 'Fast' food restaurant was as ubiquitous as the predictable Boston Market brand that can be found next door. Don't be put off by the looming presence of the dialysis treatment facility next door. I suspect a lot of their clients come running to this friendly and yummy restaurant immediately after treatment.  The extensive menu featuring Peruvian favorites with a smattering of Mediterranean type offerings (think Lamb Gyros) is a revelation and took a while to sort through.  But you shouldn't miss the house specialty- the charbroiled chicken.  My only regret was not getting the half chicken, as my smaller dark meat quarter chicken was licked clean and left me wanting for more. Moist, infused with umami lemon saltiness, this chicken ranks up there as one of the better roast chickens that have passed through these lips.  Judging by the strewn bone carcasses left by my fellow eclectic diners, they would agree. Sides of beans and Yuca were solid. Great side sauces and tempting desserts (bread pudding hit the spot).  This strip mall restaurant (lots of seating, no tableside service but they will bring your dine in order to the table) is a hidden gem.  The service was friendly and surprisingly homey and honest with that Philadelphia brotherly love toughness oozing through. A winner in my books.I grew up going to authentic Peruvian restaurants and was so HAPPY to find Sardi's in Philly that compared so well! I went for lunch while at SJU nearby and even before I opened my to go container, everyone in my class was salivating just from the smell!
I can't say that I have eaten anything else but their roasted chicken, mostly because it is so good, I can't say no to it when I get there. I get half with white rice, black beans and maduros (sweet plantains) for a startling CHEAP $9. I really can't believe how much food you get for such a small price. I guess it surprises me even more, because unlike the hole in the wall places I'm used to going to - this one is very clean and feels very American inside. I say American, as in it almost feels like a fast food place inside. Although they do have tables and tvs, it doesn't feel warm and cozy like other Spanish restaurants. 
As many others have mentioned, their dipping sauces really are the icing on the cake with flavor. I recommend the yellow and green sauces, and mixing them together! 
I am happy to see that they employ many Latinos behind the counter and that I get to practice my Spanish while I'm there. I highly recommend Sardi's and I'm hoping they open one closer to Buck's county so I can stop buying those sad & bland shoprite roasted chickens.This location does not live up to its standards set by Maryland locations servings are nowhere near ass big and the food is not as fresh. It also cost a tad bit more if you are from D.C. ,Maryland,Va area and know about Sardis don't expect it to be exactly the same. I wouldn't eat here if I hadn't been to the other locations which are all great. Sorry Philadelphia you don't get the real Sardis experience!I must say this place is MUY, MUY DELICIOSO!!!! I tried a couple of entrées and was COMPLETELY happy! The Salchipapas is aaawesoommmee (see my emphasis)! They also give hearty portions.The key to a good restaurant/food is to never slack or get comfortable, always stay on top & keep the vision. I most definitely will be back.The chicken is dynamite. I mean, mouth watering good. We love the sides too. Can't believe we've lived in BC for two years are have only just found this place. We LOVE it.Cool place with cool service -- reasonable price for a whole bunch of food, but they don't provide toothpicks. Well, maybe they don't know what they are for. Oh, did I say correctly? Lol..My first visit here, and I'm a Fan. While waiting for my food, Half Chicken, plus Sardi's Salmon, I had a sample of the chicken salad, and Maaaan!! It was bangin'.  When I get home, it's on!I've been here to grab food on a few occasions, all times were after going to the gym down the street. 
This was the first place I have ever tried Peruvian food and it sure did impress me. The menu is large with a huge variety of options ranging from chicken entrees to salmon, steak, and even lamb chops. I usually order the Churrasco de Pollo (charbroiled chicken specialty entree), it comes with two sides (so many sides to choose from, there will be something to please everyone! From mixed veggies to potatoes and even fried plantains). 
Everything I have eaten here has been delicious. Your order includes 3 dipping sauces too. They are very flavorful and unique from any other sauces I have ever tried and make the food even more tasteful. 
I have never had a bad experience here other than having to wait quite some time for my food -- but the workers always notify me that it will take some time to cook before I place my order! Once you order you're given a number and you can be seated. The workers bring your food directly to you after it's done being put together!What a great find!  While the service can be a little sketchy (the cashier literally rolled her eyes and sucked her teeth as I stepped up to place my order-she was new), the food is awesome!
We ordered the chicken (rice/beans & plantains on the side) and a quesadilla.  The food was delicious and the portion sizes were more than generous.
I will definitely be going back soon!Big portions of delicious food for a great price with friendly service! Wish I had known of this place sooner!The reviewers before me were quite detailed, I'll save you some time - GO! NOW!
I can't having remember having chicken as delicious as this. I had the half with rice and beans and plantains. Breast was incredibly juicy. Everything excellent. Salsa verde = perfecta.
I'm in Ardmore and have been to Barbacoa a few times - they aren't in the same league. Not even close. As was said, really extensive menu. I'd love to try some of the other meats but the chicken is so outstanding, I don't know that I ever will.I give this place 4 stars for what it is...fast casual food. I think it's VERY important to keep that in mind. Some of the bad reviews seem to be judging it as if it's a fine dining establishment...it isn't. It's essentially fast food because quite frankly, I've waited LONGER in drive thru lines for MUCH WORSE food. That being said, yes, the rotisserie chicken is the item for which they are known best and it is juicy and well seasoned with delicious crispy skin. The white and fried rice is very good as are the fried plaintain, imo. The yucca...eh...heavy, u will feel it in your tummy, so...I'd say skip that. The vegetables are slightly salty but not so much that they're inedible. The place is nice and clean, service is fast and I, personally, find the staff pretty friendly. Overall, I eat here at least once a week, so...to give it anything less than 4 stars would just be unfair.We found a great Latin food place without having to go deep into philly.   The food was flavorful and they give you big portions.  Definitely stop by.  I will be back.Average/Good fast food peruvian restaurant. The sauces are good, and the chicken is good enough. Big and clean atmosphere.I've had many roasted chickens before,but never Peruvian so I was expected a bit more,especially after the yelp reviews.
The chicken was beautifully roasted,but was a bit pink in some areas.  The fried rice was amazing! The egg in the rice really made it everything for me.  Yuca fries were great and yummy. I was giving three dipping sauces whiched I used for my yuca. The chicken was moist enough. 
I would definitely go back and try something different.I'm going to put it out there... Best food on City Ave! Given its location and the hodge podge of crappy establishments around it, Sardi's doesn't have you expecting much. But please do yourself a favor and order the best chicken you've eaten in a long time.
Start by rolling down the window if you park in the back. You'll smell that heavenly chicken aroma. When you walk inside, you'll see how clean, roomy, and organized it is. And you'll see TVs showing soccer and hear Latin tunes playing. You'll also see the chickens cooking, taunting you, looking like they're waiting for your mouth. All the sides are out and look appetizing, too.
Now for the food... The pollo a la brasa is just damn delicious. Charcoal broiled, and you get the perfect amount of charcoal taste and seasoning. We ordered 1/2 a chicken, which didn't have the option of dark meat only (my preference), but the white meat was moist and tasty as well. 
We also ordered lomo saltado, which had great flavor, The steak was not as tender and juicy as the chicken, but it was still quite tasty. 
Sides we had were the fried rice (pretty standard but yummy) and mixed veggies for my toddler (looked pretty generic but was actually seasoned well). Fries are tasty, too. 
Good selection of Peruvian drinks, and next time we'll try dessert as well. Big booths, high chairs available, offer takeout (but I don't think delivery).
This place will be a regular for us!I probably get dinner from here once every two weeks. I usually get a whole chicken for me and my boyfriend plus the two sides. This not only provides us with dinner for the night but enough left over for lunch the next day! The chicken is so tasty and flavorful. The sides are awesome too...my favorites are the rice and the green beans. The sauces they give you for the chicken too are the best part! I've never been disappointed with a meal from here and it's quickly become one of my go to places. Sardis is the best!Had Rotisserie chicken, plaintain, fried rice and yucca. 
Everything was awesome and the service was friendly. ...Tried this place out today and LOVE it! I ordered the Carnes Asada with fried plantains and arroz chaufa. The steak was amazing and so was everything else. The staff there is extremely friendly and restaurant very is clean.Fantasitc food at a great price. I was a regular at the Beltsville location before moving to Philadelphia. When I heard they opened a location up hear I had to check it out and it lived up to all my expectations.So...I feel compelled to update, the update, lol. In my previous update, I removed a star, not due to the quality of the food, but because of some "issues" that I had with service. I promptly received an email from the management team apologizing and offering me a voucher for a free meal. Which...I redeemed. When I went in to redeem the voucher, the manager spoke with me about the issue and assured me that my review had been used as a training tool. I have been in several times since then and all is right again. I actually added a star because I appreciate an establishment that cares enough about their patrons to address customer service issues when they arise. The long and short of it is...I'm back on Sardis.I've missed having a pollo place since I moved back to the Philadelphia area in 2008 from North Jersey. Up there are a few Dominican places that always were my go to for great chicken. I ran across Sardi's by accident, seeing it as I went through the drive-thru at Starbucks and decided to get some to go. It was even better than what I've had in North Jersey! Moist and flavorful with amazing sauces and delicious sides (green beans and fried rice). Unfortunately the year had run out of tres leches cake but I hope I can get some next time. This will definitely be in regular rotation for great easy dinners.I have been to Peruvian restaurants and agree with the other reviewers who have eaten at Peruvian restuarants as well. The food was ok. The chicken was  pretty tender and flavorful, the fried rise had nice flavor, the plantains were not good (they were not the soft melt in your mouth consistency that is usual...most were hard as if perhaps under ripe plantains were used). I was not a fan of the fries under heat lamps, as I love fries and find the taste and consistency not good when left like that. The staff was friendly, service was fast. It's a nice alternative to some of the other restuarants near and better food than many of them as well, so good for every now and then. I'd like to try some of the other sides and dishes, so will return.Amazing every time! I always get the quarter chicken with Peruvian fried rice and plantains. They give you so much food for around$9. As everyone else mentions the sauces are so good! My favorites are the green and red. Sometimes the line can get pretty long but totally worth the wait.This place is a little hard to find- Google maps will take you down to PCOM if you use their listed address. If you are driving south on Belmont, make a right, NOT a left at City Ave and it'll be right on your left (across the street from Lord & Taylor etc).
The side portions are Sardi's are huge. A chicken breast and 2 sides will put you back $9 but will feed you for two meals. I shared with a coworker and we tried the plantains (amazing), yucca fries (pretty good), green beans (very good) and fried rice (pretty good). The chicken is so moist, so tender, with crispy skin that magically doesn't make you feel unhealthy at all. The Sardi's branded sauces take everything up a notch. 
The music is a little loud and the atmosphere leaves a bit to be desired (feels like you're at a typical pizza place in a strip mall), but when it comes to lunching- I will definitely be back.Meh! Im Peruvian, this place was ok at best.  Ordered Bistek a lo pobre, no egg, steak tasted like it had been sitting for at least two days.  A side of Anticucho was alright, but had never seen it served with homestyle potatoes and it shouldn't be.  Sauces were good, but I had never needed to pay for sauces, those are usually complimentary.  
Not impressed and wouldn't go back.Great food. Clean, reasonably priced. I'll deftly come again. Service could be better but the menu makes up for it.So here it is, my first post. I eat like a Yelp Elite member but am too lazy to post my experiences. Anyways...
I read about Sardi's on philly.com last week. So I decided to review the menu online and was impressed. On the menu, I noticed they have multiple locations in the DMV. So, I reviewed Yelp for those locations and immediately noticed their ratings. One location has 555 reviews with an average rating of 4.5 stars. It was then that I knew I had to try this place.
I arrived on Sunday, December 7, 2015 at noon. Upon entering Sardi's, a few folks were there checking out the paper menu and the menu board. Because I'd read the reviews and saw the pics, my mind was already made up. I settled on the antitchuco de corazon (beef hearts), the salmon and the perucho. To wash it down, I grabbed an Inca Kola.
While waiting for my food, the manager (owner?) bought out some of the rotisserie chicken to sample. Mind blowing! If someone believes that is the best chicken they've ever had, I wouldn't debate it. It was that good.
In short, everything was spectacular. The beef hearts came with roasted red potatoes and Peruvian corn. The beef hearts tasted like filet mignon. Very lean with a sweet flavor to them. The potatoes were also great, but I couldn't get into the corn. 
Next was the salmon. A beautiful, thick cut that was juicy and cooked perfectly. For sides, I ordered the delicious coconut white rice, fried rice and sweet plantains. All of them were delicious.
Finally, the perucho. The best way I could describe it would be a chicken sandwich on a brioche bun with a ceviche topping. It would've been a good sandwich w/o the ceviche. However, the ceviche took it to another level. My side was fried yuca which I dipped in their delicious house sauces (my personal favorite being the salsa amarillo).
Here's the kicker, though. All that food only came to $39, and because of the way Sardi's operates, you don't tip, so you're receiving premium value.
Finally (for real this time), the food is healthy. The proteins are lean and are cooked on either a spit or grilled on a flat-top. Add to that, there sides are all fresh vegetables, so if you obsess over your health/fitness like myself, you won't mind stuffing your face during your many future visits to this place.
Sardi's has big potential in the Delaware Valley. Because of the high quality of the food, the masterful preparation and the premium value, this place will shine. The owners should already have an eye on other locations such as Willow Grove, Plymouth Meeting, Montgomeryville, KOP, Center City and Cherry Hill.
Take a bow Sardi's, well done!Food and service is great. So many different things to try,so bring a partner and enjoy! Great prices, especially for the amount of food you receive.Love this place...the food is always perfectly seasoned and hot.  The platters are a very nice portion I normally get two meals out of mines.  The fried rice is so good and I don't know what that put on that chicken but it literally melts in your mouth.  My favorite sauce is the red one and I normally mix it with the white one.  It's always busy when I go but they are very quick so it's so worth it even if it looks crowded since over never waited more that 5-10 mins.OMG . Thats all I can say . so gooood! The Peruvian fried rice is delicious . I have nothing bad to say as of now about this place. Friendly staff, great food I haven't tried much on the menu but the charbroiled chicken is so yummy the skin is marinated to perfection!!!!On a good day, the food is great.  That being said, the food quality and portions have varied from each visit.  Meats under or over cooked, skimpy portions vs full portions, etc.  More recently, seems there has been management changes.  I was asked to pay an additional $4 for black beans on the white rice ... $4 for a spoon of beans? Over the past few years, as stated, its a different experience each time.  No consistency.great portion size and friendly service. i will definitely be back.I haven't try all of their selections,but their food looks really yummy!!
When ,I first went there I was confused,and overwhelm by the huge menu that they have. However, I try the grilled chicken,with rice and plaintains. The grilled chicken was tasty with the sauces added,but I just felt like I did not have enough!! The chicken rice was great kinda sticky tasting but, had flavor,and plantains were very super sweet and fulling !! The walk in intro could be better and reorganize , so could the tables on the sides,but this place is truly a hidden rock located on city ave.Check it out!Is ok. The people take order are always problem. They need to put someone there with good communication skills and customer service. This is the 3rd time they over charge.Good, but the seasonings on the chicken and the dipping sauces were not as good as what I've experienced in DC and Baltimore.  The dipping sauces were pre-packaged and not fresh. However, the service was good, and they offered authentic drinks.The day I went there I wasn't really so I just got some plantains and a tres leche cake. Actually I was craving a "dulce de leche" cake but I confused them and got that one instead ( didn't like it, way too milky). Plantains was really good and I loved all their dip.I recently reviewed Sardi's and gave it pretty rough criticism. The place definitely had potential but needed a lot of work. I was contacted by the owners a few days later and was pleasantly surprised. They reached out to personally apologize for the experience I had and wanted to thank me for swinging by.
It is rare to see business owners reach out and make a personal connection to their customers. I really do appreciate that they took the time to give some background on their products, including the fact that they even travelled to Peru to ensure the authenticity of the flavors.
I completely understand that even when business owners do their best to deliver quality, sometimes employees may just have a bad day or an off day altogether. I will return to try their food once again and their effort made all the difference in my opinion of the restaurant. I do hope to enjoy a good meal here next time.great foods, I always get charbroiled chicken with the different sauces that they offer.Very tasty, filling food with standard prices. I got an Inca Bowl for 10 bucks and it came with all their sauces. They also have peruvian drinks, coconut water, and unlimited refills. Prep can be faster but they probably need the time to make the food that deliciousThe best roasted chicken I've ever had! Really worth a try!  We were referred by staff from Abby's next door.  HahahaThis was one of my favorite restaurants to eat at in Philadelphia. But the recent change in management has left a very unpleasant taste. Portion sizes have decreases tremendously. Also the fact that one of my favorite managers was let go really doesn't sit well with me. As an avid Sardi's customer I'm appalled because part of the reason why I come her often is the friendly service and homely feeling. Which makes me want to spend my money here. But now with the recent and abrupt changes it makes me second guess coming here. Corporate needs to figure out something ASAP. ThanksThe food here is REALLY good so I'm going to give it 4 stars.  The staff on the other hand, have absolutely no idea what they're doing.  My coworkers and I actually discuss this whenever we are standing around waiting past our order pick up time.  This past week, we went at 12:15 and were informed they were out of gravy and salad...yes, all salad...no caesar, no garden, nada.  The lunch rush hasn't even started!  I've asked to join their rewards program but the cashier didn't know anything about it.  
As for the food, it's similar to boston market but much better...but also more expensive.  I generally get the rotisserie chicken sandwich with cheese and a side for $10.  A quarter white with 2 sides is $9.75.  My coworkers all love Sardi's food so we will continue to order, but we know to arrive an additional 10 minutes past the pick up time.Nothing fancy here but good food. Must get their fried chicken and their cake. Their fried chicken takes a little long so call ahead. Also a must is their green sauce.Had catered food from here and it was delicious! I walk past this place every day and have been meaning to try it so I'm glad I got to try their catered food because I was impressed. I'm definitely going to go into the actual restaurant now and try more of their itemsI usually love this place but I went today and was informed that there wasn't any sauce available. The sauce is what makes it so I was really upset. Please get your sauces back soon :(Great food ! Chicken is amazing! I got the ¼ white with two side and it was a large portion. I got the ride and green beans and a perucho sandwich everything was really good and I can't wait to go back! The staff was really friendly and the sauces were a great addition. The cashier woman was really sweet and helpful on the top choices.I've eaten at Sardi's twice and each time was impressed with the quality, service, price and amount of food. The roasted chicken is a must try as are the plantains and green beans; all delicious. Last night I had the lamb chops, and I was pleasantly surprised. They were nice and smoky and really good and I was expecting the worst. I also tried the mixed grill and the shrimp were good although the steak was a bit dry. The shocker for me was how delicious the tres leches cake is. Light and airy with the perfect amount of sweetness. I would go there just for this cake and you should too.Love Sardi's. It's magically delicious. I hope they add more locations in the Philadelphia area! I can't not stop by whenever I'm in the area. I made my most recent visit pretty late, when they had begun cleaning up. I ordered ceviche, and they made it! Other places would have said the ceviche (or anything else time-consuming/custom) was over for the night.Honestly, I can't say enough about this place. The food is incredible and the service is always amazing. The yuca fries are by far my favorite side. Don't skip out on the red sauce, it is the real star here!Peruvian Chicken is amazing! Everything we had tonight was cooked to perfection.  The Peruvian Chicken is juicy and tender with an amazing crisp on the outside. I am in love. The plantains were some of the best ive EVER had. Super ripe- soft and sweet.... Almost caramelized. The green beans are flavorful and with just the right amount of crunch. We also tried the shrimp which were fantastic as well. The portions are massive... I have an entire second meal basically that I took home with me. I will be back again 100% yummmmmmHad my eye on this place since they opened. As luck would have it, not only would I be driving by on Saturday but it was their official grand opening! 
WDAS had set up speakers in front blasting music and inviting folks to come on in! There was a balloon sculpture and a face painter. But the best thing going on was the FREE LUNCH!!!!
Yup. FREE LUNCH!
Each patron received a half chicken right out of the rotisserie and two sides plus a fountain drink! How can you beat that? You're right - you can't.
I sat down in a booth the spacious and bright restaurant. The leg and thigh were very good. I'm not a big dark meat guy but you could taste the flavor and goodness Peruvian BBQ has to offer. It was delicious. For my sides I tried a very good fried rice and so so French fries (the string beans looked good but I spied them too late in making my choices).
It was impressive how well they handled the big crowd to keep it moving fast. 
I liked Sardis very much but want to go back and try a number of other things on the menu. Definitely a place worth checking out of you are in the area!2 stars for ridiculous online app order concept. Doesn't work. Takes longer to get your food than just showing up and going through the line.My Boyfriend and I have been traveling to north philly for Peruvian food for the longest time until this place opened! We got the Bistec a Lo pobre and Aji de gallina with the Chaufa. Overall packed with good flavor and really hit the spot the Bistec was on the chewy side but that won't stop us from coming back and trying something different! The sauces are delicious, must dip!Solid place.  Good food with good portions. I usually go with the half chicken with the green beans.  It is a bit greasy tho.My update is that this place is great depending on what you get. Peruvian corn looks pregnant and like its on steroids taste god awful. I paid 18bucks for the lamb which is super tiny and not worth the price. Paid for string beens got home no string beans. Great . The Peruvian fried rice is delicious . Friendly staff, great food I haven't tried much on the menu but the charbroiled chicken is so yummy the skin is marinated to perfection!!!! Stick to the popular items on the menu.Their chicken is really tasty. The spices and use of charcoal give it a tremendous flavor. The skin is so good and crispy. They give you huge potions on sides, I almost told the guy serving me that it was to much and to put some back. The fried plantains are perfect texture and mildly sweet. The rice and brown beans were really good with and perfect with the plantains. I also asked for some sausage and with the rice and bean were perfect together. Nice and spicy chorizo with a crisp natural casing. The service was really nice as everyone was very accommodating and so friendly with big smiles and thank you.  Great Peruvian chicken and service.I've been returning almost weekly since they opened.  Clean, courteous and friendly service continues with Alex (manager) at the helm.  This restaurant has a large menu and I'm eating my way through it as I can.  To be honest though, I am hooked on their ceviche.  I am Peruvian and I can tell you their version catches the mix of flavors just right.   Last night we were there with friends (adults in one booth, kids in the other -- yay!).  Because our friends  are not Peruvian, we decided to share plates to have them try traditional Peruvian dishes (and gave us chance for tasting some for the first time too).  We had the Seco - a cilantro-based beef dish (yes!), Aji de Gallina - chicken cooked in yellow Peruvian spice (yummy!), Anticuchos - beef hearts marinated and then grilled smothered in amazing spices (make sure to eat this hot) and, of course, their chicken.  All these dishes are made with the proper flavors and presentations.  We did not have ceviche as, by 6:30 pm on a Sunday, they had sold out.  Excellent flavors and reasonably priced, this continues to be our favorite spot!  We have grown accustomed to driving to NYC or DC to have these flavors and we can finally have it locally.  By the way, they are opening a second Sardi's near Oregon Steaks in South Philly.  Yo!This place is great!  I went to the one in Laurel, MD when I was there for a weekend and really enjoyed it.  I found out about this one on Philly and my husband and I went there recently.  He didn't know what to expect and I think he was prepared not to like it.  We were both loved our meals!  I had the Churrasco de Pollo and he had the Bistec a lo Pobre.  Everything is delicious and you get so much food for the price.  The location isn't that great for us, but well worth going out of our way a bit for a great meal.  Can't wait to go back!The food is 5 stars but service is 2 stars and that changed our experience for the worse. If you order anything other than the rotisserie chicken, prepare to wait 30 minutes. Our food was actually ready after about 15 minutes but the kitchen was so disorganized that it sat for another 15 before we got it. The rotisserie chicken is excellent. Well seasoned and tender. Sides are also great. And the price is right. This place could sure use the help of an efficiency expert! Best bet is to get take out chicken and sides. Otherwise prepare for a very long wait.The food at Sardi's is so delicious and cheap, you'll be planning your next visit while eating your first meal! 
My boyfriend and I shared a half chicken with two sides (plantains and fries) and tres leches cake. The chicken was tender and flavorful. The cake was moist and the perfect amount of sweet. Despite only ordering one meal, we were completely stuffed. 
I can't wait to return as I MUST try the grilled beef hearts other Yelpers are raving about! If you had any reservations at all about trying Sardi's, forget about them. Sardi's is 100% worth the trip, the money, and the stomach space!Sorry Nando's you've been dethroned. This place is amazing! I'm addicted to this place. I've never made it past the quarter white chicken with two sides on the menu but the rest of the menu looks very diverse and promising. The chicken is well seasoned all the way through and the sauces really hit the spot. My favorites are the salsa verde and salsa roja. The plantains in the plantain side dish never cease to be perfectly ripe and the fried rice side is usually the first thing on my plate that I finish.
The service is extremely friendly and getting your food is fast. Paying for the food can be a little slow sometimes (seriously, do we really need to be signing our receipts? This is a restaurants chain). The ambience of the restaurant also leaves a little be desired (I'll continue ordering to go).Thanks to Yelp reviews, we went on their recommendations to try Sardi's. We ordered a whole chicken with String beans, the house fried rice, plantains, and yuca fries. There was enough to take some home too. There was just the two of us with a big appetite. Yet, still had some to take home. we will return to have their moist chicken and to try other dishes. You should come visit. Checkout  the reviews of others to help with your decision to order .Large portions, moist chicken, decent sides.  Small parking lot in the front but there's more in the rear of the restaurant.  The green sauce is a bit spicy but delicious.Walk immediately past the cashier stations on your left and go straight to the far station to check the menu and make your order! Look for the 'order here' sign and go for it! If you are craving Peruvian chicken, order away. If you want to also order from the plethora of other options and grilled meats, it might take you awhile to order... just like me. If nothing else than the chicken, I cannot emphasize enough than to get the grilled beef short ribs. Try it with each of the four different sauces; you can't really go work here.Ordered the 1/2 chicken plate with 2 sides. For $11.50, this is such a steal. They really pack on the sides!
I was literally just staring at awe as the kid behind the counter scooped not 1, not 2, but 3 scoops of rice for me. Then topped it off with black beans. My second side was fried plantains and this kid might as well have poured the entire container on my plate. The whole show was incredulous.
As for the food itself, the chicken was fall off the bone tender. The roasting process imbued a delicious smokiness while also bringing out all the flavors of the marinade. The rice and beans were okay. I could have definitely used a little citrus on there. Lastly, the plantains were delicious, hearty, yet sweet. All of it plus the salsa verde sauce (green cup) made each bite so good. 
Food coma so worth!Went here based on proximity to Hilton and Yelp reviews.  Wasn't disappointed.
Was going to order 1/4 chicken meal but the birds looked small so went with 1/2.  Got the fried rice (seemed like it had been there awhile...) and the mixed veggies (a lot of carrots & cauliflower and broccoli stems).  Will get different side dishes here next time but the chicken and the sauces were very good.Everything I said before still goes. Love this place. There is one thing worth mentioning that does detract a little from my delight. Even when you dine in, everything except the tray is single-use plastic. I wish they (among many places) would use biodegradable (or preferably, reusable) materials.I just wish food establishments would be consistent in their food preparation.  The seasoning amounts and cooking time should be the same regardless of who is preparing it.  The recipe should not change.
My first experience at Sardi's and Peruvian food was about a month ago.  Got the 1/2 chicken platter.  The chicken was absolutely delicious; well seasoned and moist - cooked perfectly.  My second visit  I tried the Churrasco de Pollo.  Again, absolutely delicious.  Stopped there today.  Wanted the Churrasco de Pollo, but due to a time factor did not have time to wait.  Got the 1/2 chicken platter instead; very disappointing.  It lacked the taste of my first experience.  It seems that the seasoning was missing and it was a tad over cooked. 
The vegetables (broccoli cauliflower carrots and mixed vegetables) are so-so.  I doctor them up to my taste when I get home.  
I gave a four star rating because I really enjoyed my first two visits.  My next visit, I'll try one more time,  will determine if it stays there or decreases and if I'll go back.The food is delicious 9/10 times, I will start with that. However, I have been a loyal customer since I was a college park md resident 8 years ago. When they moved to Philly I was psyched. When they opened they did my favorite whole chicken special for 24 bucks and that included a 4th side if I didn't want the 4 cans or 2 liter it came with. Tonight I came by to get my usual. No more drink included and now any extra side is full price. I paid 37 dollars. I understand cost adjustments based on inflation, I'm in the restaurant business for 15+ years, but thirteen bucks in a year is insane. Also the yuca fries were rock hard and ice cold tonight. These guys have always been solid and portions have been nothing short of generous, so I'm hoping that this change isn't permanentHands down the best food around. The prices great and the portions are large.   Delicious food.  I go to Sardis at least once a week.The best burrito and burrito bowl I've ever had. Not to mention amazing sides. They also have a great selection of sauces that pair so well with the food. I highly suggest going here over any typical chain you were going to get your burrito from.They've raised prices here a few times in the past year which is quite disappointing. Food and value was great, but with the price increases not sure it's worth it as much. Definitely stopped visiting as often. Food is heavy for lunch but tasty. If you get anything but the chicken expect to wait quite a while.1st tried this spot while in laurel,MD and fell in love with their peruvian rotisserie chicken. Sooo juicy, sooo flavorful. They give you huge portions of sides ranging from fries to veggies to beans and rice.For a hole in the wall chain, this place is great! We ended up here unexpectedly and had a great meal for four people for $25. The chicken really is delicious and juicy, not too spicy. I'd skip the rice next time. Maduros and yuca fries were on point. Not such a huge fan of the dipping sauces.Their food is sooooo tasty. Service is A1. I usually get the Grilled de-boned chicken platter and the chicken is always seasoned and charbroiled to perfection. I like their green beans as they are always very fresh and the fried rice and beans are pretty good as well. If you're a sauce person try the sauce and enjoy!My first time here and I love it! Great atmosphere! Great music! Great Service. Reminds me of a Spanish Boston Market lol. Definitely recommended. I will be back!Franchised Latino fast food that is really good and consistently prepared.. Latin rotisserie chicken with rice black beans and sweet plantains were huge portions excellent flavor and a bargain .  Counter service was friendly and efficient .. would definitely return .. great for lunch or quick dinner.. would be easy with kids. Large varied menu ... made me want to try several other items.Ridiculously good food at a great price. After I went here for the first time, I couldn't help but return a second time with more friends.
The first time I went with 3 other friends and we split a whole chicken with 3 sides - fried plantains, fried rice, and green beans. The chicken had amazing flavors and came with 3 sauces, all of which were light and creamy, with increasing degrees of spiciness from white, red to green. The fried plantains were sweeter than expected, the green beans were good, and the fried rice was way better than expected - seasoned really well. This visit was so good that I couldn't help but bring 7 other friends on a second visit and split 2 whole chickens.Great place with good food at affordable prices. Sardi's is a winner. I highly recommend this restaurant.Thought my second visit would be a charm but I left the restaurant just as disappointed as I was the first time.  I visited the establishment located at 4510 E City Ave again.  The food is amazing and that's the only reason that I went back. I attempted to order half of the chicken, sautéed spinach and fried rice.  The guy who was cutting the chicken told me, "there's no more sautéed spinach and there's a five minute wait for chicken." I was in that restaurant at 8:40pm on 6/11/18, check #1455. I agreed to wait, so he told me to go and pay for my food and the chicken will be ready in 5 minutes.  Needless to say those 5 minutes turned into 20 minutes.  As he pulled the chicken out of the oven (appx 5-6 chickens per rack), he made the orders of everyone who was standing exactly in front of him. When I questioned the cashier, she did check on my order.  However, she and the guy cutting the chicken advise me that I have another 5-10 minute wait for the chicken. I explained to the guy and cashier that if I was only waiting for chicken and he told me 5 minutes, I should not still be waiting 15 minutes later.  The cashier agreed and offered me and my husband a free drink.  Oh well! I've never tasted the spinach because it's never available when I'm there.  However, the food that I have tasted is AMAZINGLY DELICIOUS! However, the service suck!!!!Stopped by the other day, tough drive into their parking lot. Really solid, chicken has great favor, price is right.I'm dieting and have a busy schedule. My diet has been reduced to protein And vegetables. Thank God for this place. The chicken is seasoned to the bone. Veggies fresh and tasty. So long Boston Market.Heard such great things about Sardi's that I planned our flag football team outing here. 15 of us strolled in on a Sunday evening without a reservation and took over the entire middle section of the restaurant. No one minded that we moved and connected the tables, and the vibe was very casual and fun! As for the food, it did not disappoint! I got a 1/2 chicken, the plantains and the fried rice platter and it was enough to last me two full meals! Prices are worth the portions! Will definitely be back and hope to see one move closer into the city at some point!I was extremely impressed with this gem of a restaurant on City Avenue. The chicken was tender and succulent while the plantain were just the right texture and sweetness.
The wait staff was pleasant and kind.
And the portions. ...lets just say you better come hungry!
I will definitely be returning. Thanks for a wonderful dining experience.Really awesome new establishment to the area.  Brings a little food diversity to an otherwise barren area of fast food chains and pizza shop.  Great "Peruvian" chicken place with hearty portions and awesome sides.  fresh. Original.  hearty.Sardi's once had my heart. Used to be the absolute best lunch I would get out while at work. We used to call it in weekly and pick it up. Service used to be fantastic. Now, service has gone down the tubes. There is so much turnover, and the staff is pretty much inept. Items are always missing. They never have what is listed online. They do not value the time of their customers. This has happened to me twice now, where we have ordered online, for approximately 5 people, and because they don't have one item, they cancel the entire order. They claim to have called us and left a voicemail each time, which never happened. We then come in, there is no food, and we blow our entire lunch break waiting for them to make the entire order. It's ridiculous. Also, the staff needs to be trained on the ingredients. We ordered avocado on a salad, it wasn't on the salad, I asked the cashier where the avocado was, and she then proceeded to tell me the feta cheese was avocado. The only thing this place has going for them is the sauce.Sardi's is a chain that I believe started in Maryland.  Food here was very good.  Went to my go to of chicken, rice, plantains, and yucca.    Can't beat it definitely worth the tripAll I can say is "yummy-oh-so-good!" The portions are super large...more than enough to have left-overs! I took my Grandson and we still had food left. The customer service was wonderful!  I've told numerous family members and friends, that they have to go experience it for themselves. I'm looking forward to going back real soon!The chicken. It really, truly is about the chicken here. When it comes to rotisserie chicken I don't think you can find a better choice. Maybe the Amish stand at the Ardmore Farmers Market is on the same level but after my half chicken (white meat) lunch yesterday, Sardi's is simply exceptional.
The seasonings. The crispy skin. The moist meat. Delicious.
So why just 3 stars?
The sides. The string beans were not fresh (frozen and several were burnt on the bottom). The pinto beans were ok. The sauces were good. Staff was nice and customer service oriented. From ordering to eating was fast.Place was clean. 
Definitely will be back.I love their plantains!  Really good chicken too! We also tried the fish sandwich.  It was very refreshing.  But they recently changed their menu.So good. Just wanted to eat everything. A bit upscale than the hole in wall I had anticipated, very clean facilities and friendly staff. Byob!My Fiancé is Peruvian and her family cooks high quality authentic Peruvian cuisine and this is pretty damn close. The rice wasn't amazing but everything else was fabulous. Definitely worth the money. #MrProTipI ordered a half chicken wif two side orders . And I m having a good baby now!!! The chicken s so good. Especially the thug. The chicken s soft and tastyPollo a la Brasa (rotisserie chicken) and yucca Fries!! And the sauces... THE SAUCES!!! Amazing!!My friend had been raving about Sardi's for a few months and finally she brought me some food - more like a tasting menu.  OMG--the food is very flavorful and plentiful!  I had the pork chops; 1/2 chicken, along with the sides of Yucca Fries; mixed vegetables; rice & beans.  
The pork chops and chicken were moist and the dipping sauces had a unique flavor that topped off the meal.
The prices are reasonable for the portions given and I had leftovers for lunch and dinner a few days afterwards.
I highly recommend Sardi's for a family take-out meal or if you are just in the mood for some good food.Pollo la brasa is very good. Very similar to the chicken you get in Peru. Their aji sauces are amazing. I get extra every time we go. I need to buy it by the jar. It is good on everything!Siempre me ido a este lugar a comer con mi familia pero el día domingo 30 de septiembre tuve una reunión con mi familia en mi casa  y me fui a comprar 7 pollos llegue estaba bien llegue ise la orden pague por los 7 pollos como $133.. la cajera que me atendió me dijo que mi orden estaría listo en 20 minutos y me quede esperando desde las 7:00  pm asta las 8:00 pm y nunca me dieron mi orden de 7 pollos y yo comense a preguntar  qué pasó con mis pollos que ya llevo 1 hora esperando y me dijeron que esperara 1 hora mas para que salgan los pollos y luego me dijeron que la que agarro mi orden ella no sabía porque ella tiene solo 2 dos días trabajando en ese lugar la verdad bien desefsionado de ese lugar porque espere 1 hora y no me dieron los pollos ese lugar necesita más entrenamiento alas cajerasWow. This place puts Boston Market to shame! Whole quality ingredients. The chicken was amazing!!!!!! There was a long line but it was worth the wait. I wish there were more Sardi's around the city!!I couldn't be any happier (or more full) as I sit and write this review.  This place surprised me tremendously in every way possible. The food was outstanding and the portion side was appropriate for the money spent. If you're craving something different and new for the area... Don't hesitate to try this place!Sardi's is conveniently located on City Line Ave. I had 3-4 people mention this place to me within a 2 week time frame, so I had to try it. I had never noticed this place before even though I have driven by a multitude of times. The inside was very clean. This should be obvious, but not always, so I had to mention it. Lol! Nice service in the order line and they will explain if you have questions. It put me in the mind of a cafeteria. You order your food and either you get your order at the end of the line or they bring it to you once it's done. There is no waitstaff. I had the Peruvian chicken(Pollo Saltado). Very tasty! Chicken sautéed in olive oil with onions, vegetables and rice. The menu looks pretty good with tons of Peruvian options and the prices are very reasonable. My son got the Milanesa de Pollo which was good too...and different(fried egg on top of a fried chicken breast).It doesn't seem like there are that many Peruvian fried chicken places in Philly. So finding this one where it is was surprising. Better yet, it is delicious.
I got a half chicken, and that comes with two good-sized side items. I got the fried plantains and the Peruvian fried rice. You also get the choice of a sauce, and I got spicy. 
Overall for 12 bucks this was a really good dinner... Can't really beat it, even with Boston Market right next door.
This is definitely somewhere I will come back to, and it's great to know that it is here. It's one of those places that if you don't know it exist you would probably drive right by it... No huge signs like Chili's across the street or Starbucks next to it.Great place!
The food was hot, fresh, and tasty. 
The workers were friendly and helpful.
The place was clean.
This was the first time me and my wife have ever been here to eat and this is the first time we have ever had Peruvian food to eat and we loved it and can't wait to go back.WHAT DID I JUST EAT?! The food at Sardi's is insanely good. Me and wifey have had our fair share of Spanish food in the past but I think I'm going to say Sardi's take the cake for anything I've had even remotely close to this place. We went to Sardi's on a Thursday night and although it was buzzing with customers, it was as if I was in a fast food line...I was in and out. The portions are huge! The sides are immaculate! The complimentary sauces made me call my momma and tell her I owe her a slap...because it is that damn good! After our time at Sardi's we have found a "go to spot". Don't sleep on Sardi's, this is one of those places you don't tell anyone else about because you want to keep it all to yourself.We're from out of town and staying at a nearby hotel. Sardi's seemed like it would be quick and easy so that's where we went. HUGE MISTAKE. The staff was rude, waited over 30 minutes for our order. They came out and asked if our quesadilla could be substituted for a burrito (I'm assuming they made it wrong) but our 2 year old son won't eat a burrito. Had to wait for them to remake the food, then when we finally received our food, we asked for it to go out of frustration. It was cold and the steak & cheese was made wrong. Honestly have nothing nice to say about this place.This place is simply delicious, insert heart emoji right here! Anyways I'm so glad my curiosity allowed me to discover this wonderful goodness of food. I stopped in on a Saturday afternoon and immediately I noticed the aroma, it smelled so good and from there I knew we was on to a good start. 
I ordered the 1/2 chicken and I saw the staff basically chop large pieces of chicken in front of your face, afterwards he asked me to select my sides and I was a little indecisive as always couldn't decide between rice and beans, Yucca fries,  white rice, potatoes etc. I decided to get the plantains and mixed vegetables.
Overall my food was so good, the chicken was moist, charbroiled and full of flavor, the spices on the chicken was just delicious, the plantains was sweet and slightly crispy on the ends and my mixed vegetables was full of flavor as well.  I even recommend this place to my friend and she liked it as well! Job well done Sardi's you just got yourselves a regular customer!This chicken place is pretty new 
I used to eat at their other Store in Maryland. I love their chicken, there Inca cola, yuca and the grill smell keep calling my name that's why I stopped by for take out.
The fried rice sides is not bad at all
The restaurant comes with big tv menu
All the chair is like booth chair
They do have small shared parking outside 
Next to the NY BAGEL CAFE & deli 
It's convenient
But if i may say their chicken and their fried rice is too salty!OUT OF THIS WORLD!!  It's that good! Lines are long but they move fast. Everything on our plate was so good I'm salivating talking and thinking about it. 
Highly recommend!! Please go!Not my first Peruvian place as I search one out in every city when I travel. This was the worst peruvian chicken I've ever had. It was severely undercooked and not flavorful like it is supposed to be. I didnt want to deal with complaining and waiting for a new plate so I just ate what I could.
My son ordered steak and it was hard and such a small piece for the price.
Yucca was good and so was the Mango juice. Not coming back here again though.Stop the train!     The food is absolutely amazing here.   I read about Sardi's this morning and found out it was a short walk from the Hilton where I was staying.    I had the quarter chicken with 2 sides (cole slaw and beans/rice) with 2 types of sauces.    I wish we had a Sardi's in San Jose, CA where I live because we'd be stopping in weekly.   (maybe more frequently if they had beers to accompany the Peruvian menu!)    Keep up the great work here including a friendly staff and great music.This place has great food. I go atleast  once a week. Broiled chicken is the best. Fried rice is great.This place has that rare combination of great test, quality and price-value for one of my rare 5 star recommendations.  The only thing I dislike about the place is that I live about 30 mins away from the restaurant.  BTW if you are afraid of parking on City Ave, they have "secret" parking lot in the back with a back-door entrance.  We loved it so much and were so overwhelmed by some good choices, we determined we need to go back at least 2 more times to try everything.  
The choices of meat & preparation styles are amazing and we had such a hard settling down on 2 dishes for me and my dining companion.  We had the following with a mixed grill plate:
Rotisserie chicken (tasty, tender, moist, and slow roasted)
Chorizo sausage (not too spicy, but you can tell the quality)
Carne Asada (a small, but solid piece of beef that goes well with the dipping sauce)
Grilled shrimp (fresh and medium sized tasty shrimp on a skewer )
We also had the "Chicharron de Pollo" - Boneless fried chicken (BEST EVER, marinated and the skin is to die for).  Looks like chicken fingers/nuggets to your finicky child, but I doubt you will find a better fried/battered chicken elsewhere with some real chicken taste.
The sides were also very interesting:
Fried Plantains - Best combination of sweet and savory fried banana-like plantains I ever had.  Minimal oil, firm, and right amount of sweetness without it being a dessert.
Fried Yuca - Little weird and bland at first, but the crunchier pieces were tasty and go well with the dipping sauces
The 3 dipping sauces were excellent (just be careful opening them because they spurt)
Other meats we wanted to try:
Pork chops
Lamb chops (saw them at another table and it looked good)
Short ribs
Salmon 
Beef heart skewers 
Gyro meat (saw this too at another table and looked legit)
Hot dogs in Peruvian street food fashion
Restaurant very clean, bright, tasteful.  You stand in line to order and then you can wait for your food in the reasonably sized restaurant to be dropped off, but no other waiter/waitress to deal with.   Fountain soda option with free refills also a plus.Clean and friendly place.  We got served right away.  I ordered the Lomo Saltado which i enjoyed but found it to be a little bit on the salty side.  I'd go back and try chicken.Don't drive fast or you will miss this gem.
Thanks to Yelp I drove the 7 miles to check this place out. Glad I did
The place is in a shopping center on City line and 45th.
Plenty of parking.
The place is big and seat a bunch of different parties.  Booths can accommodate about 8 people.  It's not a waitress restaurant.  Almost a fast food type of place but better.
We went to order our chicken and sides.   They cut up my chicken as I picked out 4 sides.  I really wanted two sides but it all looked so tasty.
Order full chicken which was eaten my me, hubby and 7 year old.  Large side of Arroz Chaufa, fried plantains, veggies and red potatoes.  
I have to say the food was amazing which makes the ride enjoyable.    I don't have a favorite because it was all perfect.
Staff was friendly and accommodating.
I will definitely be back.Finally REAL Peruvian chicken!!! It's proximity our house is sooo dangerous, we keep ordering out from there. It's like I'm back at home in Lima.GENERAL
original Review 11/30/2015 - 4 out of 5 because of not so good anticucho
update 12/4/2015 - 5 out of 5 because they fixed the anticucho and the lomo saltado is also good. 
real deal PERUVIAN charcoal pit  rotisserie chicken = pollo a la braza.
Qualifier= I am Peruvian and grew up on this stuff
Location = a bit tricky using google maps. Look for the Subway sign on blue long banner on a white building next to the boston market and you'll see it. 
VERDICT
12/4/15 Update: 5 out of 5. 
I am going to be a "casero" (a regular), and will let all my Peruvian friends know about it.  I will try all on the menu and will score them here. 
FOOD
Chicken = 5 out of 5 this is the real deal Peruvian rotisserie chicken. Has cumin, pepper, garlic ,may have soy sauce. 
12/4/15 Update: Beef heart anticucho = 5 out of 5. Meet was juicy and thick. Done just right. I changed my original review from Dry and thin. 
Lomo Saltado (beef): 5 out of 5. Beef was juicy and thick with the right amount of onions and tomatoes over fries with the side of rice... I am a fan. nice.
Service
Guys behind the counter were very helpful and got to chat with them about how the restaurant. 
Staff
They are all new to the area since they all worked in Maryland with the original restaurants and moved to Philly. They have a leg up on what they have to do to make the food and provide service. 
First time/day = first time I try this restaurant and this is their first day opened.I have been back to Sardi's 3 times since my initial review and they have been on point with everything I was accustomed to from Sardi's in Maryland. Great job management for really listening to your customers and I will continue to visit this location.Excellent food! Our new go to spot. Haven't had anything we didn't like yet. All of the meats are tasty. If you're taking out call ahead or you could waitExcellent food at a great price. Fast, convenient  and delicious. Let me not forget about the the amazing customer service. One day me and my friend walked in and they gave us both complimentary HALF CHICKENS while we waited for out food. I go here at least twice a week.Yesssss. This meal was a big winner. Ordered here with my friend for the NFL Playoffs. He had the carnero, charbroiled lamb chops with  2 sides. Fried yuca and fried sweet plantains. I had the ultimate mix grill with 1/2 charbroiled chicken, skewer of grilled shrimp, carne asada and chorizo. Both platters were about $20.00. I have no complaints about price because quality and flavor were exceptional in every way. So much to try on this menu. Both platters had a bed of rice. Not sure if we paid for rice or if they came with it.  The chicken is superior in every way to Boston Market especially when it comes to flavor and charbroil.  I cannot wait to come back here again.I love this place! Sometimes I just don't feel like cooking and I want good, cheap food for takeout. Sardi's fits the bill perfectly when you get tired of ordering pizza or Chinese takeout! They also have dine-in booths if you prefer to eat there.
The food here is so delicious and fairly authentic. I've been here at least five times since they've opened and the food has been consistently good. Another plus is that it's relatively inexpensive for the quality of food you get.The food is delicious! I love the rotisserie chicken & the sauces that are so tasty! Food is fast, fresh & made regularly on sight.The chicken is SOOO good!! Comes with tasty sauces. We also tried fried yucca and rice and beans as sides. Everything was solid. Will definitely be coming back!Sardi's had been on my list of places to visit for a while! Due to where it's located ( city ave), the area is always busy. There is limited amount of parking in the front and plenty of more spots in the back of the complex. There are not a lot of Peruvian chicken places in Philadelphia! I ordered the a quarter of a chicken (white meat) with sides of plantains and Peruvian fried rice! The chicken was seasoned very well, slight crispy on the outside and moist in the inside. There were 3 different types of sauces to choose from and I like the salsa verde the most. The sides of fried rice and plantains complimented the chicken well. I also got a chance to try their tees leches cake and it was good too. The cake was not too sweet, moist, and light ! The chicken platter was 11$! Overall I enjoyed my first experience at Sardi's and would come back!My friend strongly recommended this chicken place to me. This is her favorite chicken store around here. That why I tried it and I liked it a lot.Too bad more places aren't like Sardis. This is the only place on city Ave that offers quality and flavor in the lower price range. Hope the competition takes note so we have some expanded options.The food was GREAT. Almost a fast food feel. You order in the line they get your food up and bring it to the table. Place is buzzing with a variety of ppl. A great lunch or fast dinner break kinda place. A casual date place to eat. Try it, you'll like it.I really wish this place were closer to me.  We ordered the whole chicken special, which was phenomenal.  The sides were delicious and more than enough.  We had the rice and beans, maduros, fried yucca, and French fries.   All tasted great but the chicken is the main attraction here.  Super flavorful and juicy.  Will definitely return for my fix!When I first moved to Philly I always wished there was a decent Peruvian restaurant nearby... and finally, it is here! This place has juicy rotisserie chicken ready to go, with your choice of sides. You can get 1/2 chicken with 2 sides for $10, which can be split between 2 people, so 5 bucks for a meal! Also your classic lomo saltado is here, but fries are on the soggy side.I was pretty excited to try this place because I had friends from DC that loved it, but I was pretty disappointed. Although the portions were much more than fair for the price and the staff was friendly and attentive upon pickup, the food was just way too salty. Almost too salty to eat at all. It was pretty bad.The service here was odd and bad.  We ordered a chicken with sides and a bowl, and then waited 25 minutes while the staff cleaned up, hung out, served the people who were in line behind us, literally everything but putting our order together... There were at least 4-5 people working the counter and just a handful of customers so we could not figure out what took so long.  When the food finally arrived, the rice & beans were so flavorful and the yucca fries were crisp and tasty.  The chicken was overcooked and overseasoned, and I think I'm just not a fan of Peruvian corn (which I found to be bland and starchy).  I won't ever go here again.Everything was just as I expected, excellent! I asked my parents what they wanted as I was heading up to Nj and they said "that place we went to near ikea" that was Sardis in Beltsville. So I had to drive all the way to City line avenue outside of Philadelphia to get Sardis. This is a perfect area for a growing restaurant chain. There are a lot of Tv stations and very affluent people in this area. It's close to king of Prussia and Valley Forge two of my favorite places in Pennsylvania. 
The food was to go and we ordered the family meal which is around 40 and three platters which are around 12. It was worth the drive and the food held up good we didn't eat it for two hours because I ended up shopping at the Lord and Taylor's across the street.This place is a gem in Bala Cywd! The place is clean and the portions are HUGE... it is very tasty and the chicken is DELICIOUS! I will definitely be back to eat here.I took my two boys ages 12 & 9, they had the lamb gyro & the fish with cheese "burger." They didn't talk the entire time...Really think they liked the food. We also were with two seniors (older people) who really liked the food too. He had the lamb dinner, ate the entire thing (an let me tell you; portions are pretty large). She had a small salad and the plantains...delish!
I had the fried rice and yuca, yum! Although we ate in the restaurant, I followed the advise of another yelp reviewer and asked for our meals to go. That was a good advise, we had large appetites today so we didn't bring much back with us. However if you don't eat as much as we, you'll need to use those togo containers.
We were there as a reunion of sorts which means we were there for a while (3 hours). I mention this because we were able to see the late lunch and dinner crowd. There's plenty of seating so even though we were sitting for such a long time, everyone who wanted to had room to enjoy their meals.
There's no wait staff, but your food will be brought to you if you are dining in. The bathrooms were large and clean.
Yes, we will be going back again. Looking forward to more locations opening up.Second time and I guess I should've stopped at my first time. I ordered a chicken salad wrap and plantains to go. After a 15 minute wait and i noticed that people who came in after me were getting their orders and leaving, I inquired about my order. I was told that the chicken salad is made to order.  Really??? That doesn't even sound right to me on my worse day! So I take that and wait a while longer. About 10 more minutes pass and I'm then told that the kitchen is just now prepping to make the chicken salad and my wait would be another 20 minutes. She offered her apologies and asked if I wanted to wait or have my money back. Of course, I took my money and left.  I guess they don't communicate well amongst the employees. Although the food is good, their customer service sucks! Who is to believe that a restaurant doesn't make pans of salad. Should've been a one and done!Good tasting food although they are a bit disorganized with the orders. Prices are reasonable for the amount of food.VERY GOOD FOOD - LOUSY SERVICE
As mentioned by others the service here can be very hit or miss. I waited 35 mins on an online order because they had a "miscommunication" in the kitchen. So the overall actual ticket time was probably closer to 50 minutes. The Manager didn't seem too worried about a customer waiting that long. I used to be a quick service manager once upon a time. At minimum you offer a free drink for the inconvenience. But no, not here. My buddy once had an issue here too, guess its sort of the norm. They also seemed understaffed. I saw many others wait a long time for their orders. So it wasn't just me. Food is tasty tho. Shame the customer service experience doesn't match the food quality.The chicken was so delicious  and the dipping sauce is spicy good. The fried plantains are really tasty! I was so full, and only spent like 9 bucks. I would definitely come back and recommend to friends.While this restaurant has acceptable tasting food, I have no intentions of ever coming to this restaurant due to the poor service I had to suffer through today. 
For example, today my family spent $40 dollars getting lunch there. We realized, upon our meal arriving, that we didn't receive any water cups, so we went to the cashier and asked for four. Without even making eye contact to feign interest, she told us that we were only allowed two plastic cups. In my opinion, this is ridiculous. We were not asking for something that cost money; we were merely asking for cups to drink tap water with. There is no reason for the woman to deny us something so trivial. 
This isn't the only issue I found with Sardi's, however; upon digging into my souvlaki, I was shocked to find a long black hair in the middle of my chicken skewer! While it seemed that most of the people working then were wearing hair nets, it's apparent to me that the person preparing my food did not take any care in trying to make sure it was sanitary. The inability of the staff to prevent something like this is depressing, to say the least. 
All in all, Sardi's is a place I would not recommend to people hoping for a nice restaurant with welcoming staff and safe food.I was referred here by a Peruvian friend so I know that this was worth my drive. Being from Miami, I know what good Peruvian food tastes like. I had the Lomo Saltado and I have to say it was fantastic. Great job! I will be back later today to take some home for my family.
Just to be clear, the rating is based strictly on the food. The restaurant is clean and and neat but the music is a bit loud. Other than that, great place. I highly recommend it!!The first time I had Sardis I found the food way too salty but decided to give it another try because so many of my friends really loved it. I got exactly the same thing because I wanted to see if it was any different and it was much less salty and much much better. The food didn't last very long on my place and I will definitely be back.So I went here today to get a bite to eat before work. Huge mistake the employees are rude and talk to each other about non work related topics while they have a line of people waiting to be served. everything i wanted was already prepared and just needed to be put on a platter why would that take 20 minutes when nobody was in front of me? After the 20 minute wait and no acknowledgment or apology from staff i decided to take my money elsewhere. I will not be back to sardis in the foreseeable future and its sad cause the food looks great but the wait and rude staff will keep me far far away from this place.Was visiting on business and walked here from my hotel. The chicken was well cooked and I had to wait for the plantains and Yuca but it was worth the wait.Wow this food was AMAZING!!!! I had the quarter dark with white rice and black beans and plantains.... So So So good!!!! The chicken was so moist and juicy.. It was perfect... The dipping sauces are so yummy!!!! Im from Atlanta and here for work and will definitely go back...Incredible !!!! So fresh and awesome variety! Will absolutely be back.i got the half chicken with rice and coleslaw and it was mucho filling. They give you tons of sauces as well!My name for this place is "The Chicken". Options include red, yellow, or green sauce. Came to the counter once and the green sauce bin only had one container left.. The look of horror on my face prompted the most excellent heroine of a cashier to run to the back to immediately replenish. The day was saved and everyone lived happily ever after.I really like their food. They give you a good amount per side option and their chicken is delicious. I ordered the chicken dinner with rice and plantains and I had four servings. 
Very friendly staff :)
A little pricey but like I said you get a lot of food.Wow! Two weeks ago, I tried Sardi's for the first time with some colleagues. We ordered the full chicken meal with four sides (fried rice, yucca, green beans, and fried plantains) which came with 6 canned beverages. It was reasonably priced at about $9 / each. The chicken is AMAZING! I've been back 3 times since, including a take-out order to bring home for dinner.
I've also had the Pollo Parrillero which was also outstanding. The only thing that I've had that I didn't love was the beef "short ribs." (In all fairness, I am a little picky when it comes to beef.) I will be back to Sardi's often and I hope one opens near my home as well.Great food fast! As a New Yorker having access to Pio Pio all the time it was such a treat finding this place. Chicken is so flavorful and the green sauce is always the best sauceI came here with my family and they never disappoint. I had a group of 7 and each order arrived correct and tasty. My kids never been here before and they are picky eaters even in their 20s. They liked each of their meals.Far from the healthiest food option available, but it tastes SO good. Prices are really low for the sheer amount of meat and sides that you get, and the chicken is incredibly juicy and tender. Plantains and fried rice are also great. The icing on the cake are the salsas--I'm partial to the verde one, but they're basically all great and worth trying.I usually love this place. I would go a couple times a month and even referred plenty of people. One of my favorite restaurants to go to. I always get the braised short ribs. But tonight when I went I was HIGHLY disappointed. I believe it is under new management from previous years (don't quote me on that). I would normally get three nice sized meaty short ribs and tonight I received one really huge rib that was absolutely all fat. There was no meat so I was very upset. Not to mention that I waited an hour to receive my food (just one platter) and I had even called ahead to order my food to expedite the process. It's such a shame because I loved this place sooo much but I do not know if I will be returning.Yummy! Chicken is well-seasoned and well-portioned. Sides: plantains, rice, string beans, all good!
Not a fancy place whatsoever, but I'll take delicious food over fancy any day. 
Food is so cheap, you don't feel bad about sampling everything. Will definitely return next time I'm in Philly!Saturday night. Starving. Every restaurant had an hour wait. It was meant to be. 
The food was delicious and they give you SO much. You definitely will leave knowing you got your money's worth. 
My fiancé and I shared the chicken special. 1 whole chicken with 3 sides. We did French fries, string beans, and fried rice. I tried 2 plantains that the server was nice enough to put in my string beans - they were amazing. The meal also came with a 2 liter Soda of your choice (or 4 cans) for a total of 24.95. 
We easily would have paid that much for eating at 5 guys with half the food. Leftovers for days!!!!Tried Sardis for the first time the other night. Chicken is amazing! I got the half of chicken with 2 sides and made two meals out of it. Portions are very generous. I will be back for sure!I had no idea that they are part of a chain originating down in Maryland. Taking that into consideration they far exceeded my hopes and expectations. My broiled chicken was perfection in every way. The crispy skin, the dripping juiciness and the savory blend of flavored down to the last bite would make the 20 minutes drive well worth it. Their platano maduros were consistently sweet and plentiful. Even their rice was delicious. We also had some dessert... The flan left much to be desired, very bland and the consistency was off. However I have reason to believe that this is made by a third party supplier given that it has a label whereas the other options did not. The tiramisu was flavorful and appetizing though not congruent with the traditional recipe is any way. Do yourself a favor and grab some chicken today.Listen ... this chicken ... Oh My Goodness! There are not enough words in the dictionary to explain how perfectly seasoned and tasty this rotisserie chicken is. This location is fairly close to work so I have only been around lunch time. I typically get the 1/4 chicken (you pick white or dark meat) with 2 sides. The sides i have tried are the Peruvian fried rice, white rice, black beans, string beans and the yucca fries and all have been on point. You cant beat the amount of food you get for the price ...and it tastes SO good! They also have a bunch of other options on the menu that I have yet to try but I'm sure they are just as good. 
If you get the chicken with the 2 sides its set up like assembly line style so you get in and out really quick. The other options on the menu they cook to order so it takes about 5-10 minutes around lunch time. The staff is super nice and they work efficiently to get you in and out for take out. The restaurant is always very clean and there is table and booth seating if you choose to eat in (which many people do for lunch). 
Tip: Parking in the front of the building is a little scarce, there is additional parking in the back of the building with a rear entrance to the restaurant.The food here is delicious and flavorful. Kind and attentive staff. I have been craving their chicken and green sauce all week.  I'm so excited I found this gem!I went to a couple of Peruvian chicken restaurants in the DC area many years ago, and loved it. When I found Sardi's on City Line Avenue, I had to try it.
I was not disappointed at all. The chicken was seasoned perfectly with a mix of savory and spicy flavors.
I had the fried rice and plantains. Both were also very good.
The restaurant was clean, and although the place was pretty busy, we didn't have to wait very long for our food.
I will definitely be going back again, maybe even for lunch today!Tried this place today with high expectations. I was disappointed at the salt ratio in the food. Never again!This place is a block from my house.  I read an article about it and was looking forward to checking it out. I'm sure the chicken is good but I didn't have the chance to try it and probably won't.
There were 6 people working behind the counter. Six. I was the only person in line and I stood there while the staff did everything except acknowledge me.  There's no direction as to how or where to order.  Finally I walked out.Oh My God ! This Place has the best Charboiled chicken ever and the sauces that go along with it are Great! I love all the sides and love that it is so accessible and service is fast !I'd been wanting to do Peruvian roast chicken for forever, and had been stymied at every turn. Had tried to go in DC, where there are a ton of places that specialize in it, but unfortunately I was hanging out with two vegetarian friends all that weekend and couldn't get away. Hence the trip upon my return to Philly. 
Verdict? Pretty good. Not amazing. It was rather cheap - 9-11 bucks for a half or full fried chicken with two sides - I went with the yuca fries and green beans, and also got plantains as an extra side. 
The most revelatory part of the whole experience was trying Inca Kola (bottled cream soda for the first time, as well as these behemoth cookies (tres leches or some other dairy basis, maybe?) that were delicious.
One of those meals where I had felt pretty gross afterwards from all the heavy foods. Maybe my fault just as much as the food's fault, but it happened. 
For me, probably not worth the 25 minute drive out anytime soon.Service was extremely slow and disorganized. When my food came it was barely warm with the exception of the side vegetables. Seemed like it was sitting for a while and was soggy. First time there and my last time. I should have gone to one of the other places across the street.The line was quite long when we got there around dinner time on a Saturday. From the time we got in line, until we paid and got our food; it was 16 minutes. Not terrible. The workers were pleasant and to the point. We got the family special that came to a total of $43.20 with tax. 
It comes with two whole chickens cut in either 1/4ths or 1/8ths, 4 large sides, and either a 2 liter of soda or 6 cans. 
We were offered plates and utensils but never got them in our bag. Would have made cleanup easier. 
Chicken was great. Moist, flavorful, roasted perfection. Can't expect more out of rotisserie chicken. 
Fried Yuka was not bad. However, some pieces seemed not as well cooked. Which made those pieces extremely starchy. 
The fried plantains were soft and sweet. There was some burnt pieces that ended up container, which did not detract from the flavor. 
The mash potatoes were smooth with very small chunks left in it. They were a bit salty, but still good. 
The green beans were good. Nice saltiness and had some sliced onions laced throughout. 
We got the specialty soda in cans. The Golden kola was pretty good. Tasted like pineapple in my opinion. 
I tried all the sauces. I liked them all. They enhanced the flavor of the chicken, but was not needed. 
If I come back, I may just get the chicken and maybe try out some other sides.The food absolutely good, the portion good, the sauces are not authentic , and The only problem, I went there and have a lunch and saw one of lady worker sweeping the floor n clean the table , then take care the food without wash her hand . The put towel n windex, sweeper next to sauce n di the fill up the sauce .think they need more training on sanitation or someone's will get sickThe chicken here is delicious. So juicy and seasoned to perfection. It didn't taste greasy at all, and the sides were amazing as well. I had the white rice with black beans and plantains- it went great with the chicken. The 3 dipping sauces goes with anything on your plate. I even dip my plantains in it and the sweet/savory combination is sooo tasty. This place was packed so it may be hard to find a booth depending on what time of the day you get there but don't let that stop you. I'll be back soon and I look forward to trying their ceviche.I had heard of sardi's and was excited to have their chicken thinking that it was along the line of nando's which I enjoy when I'm in the D.C. area. Well, I only got the chicken no sides (this is what the empire is based on). It was delicious. I really enjoyed it and encourage you to try it. It came with three (mayo based?) sauces that I didn't think really complimented the chicken. I'm looking forward to trying more dishes.Great food here. Of course there's a wait but that's because the food is so good. No complaints here. My brother brought me here and I've been coming to eat for dinner ever since. Sometimes it's so good that they run out of some items on the menu.I came here based solely on the one review this place had. I'm hesitant to post a glowing review in fear that this place will get too busy. But good food should be heralded.   Fantastic service. I had the Churrasco Pollo which was so juicy and tender that I almost asked it to marry me.Great chicken. The service is fast and the food is super hot and tasty. They have places to sit and eat or you can get it to go if you want. Overall, fantastic food and service and its really fast to people on the goI grew up in Miami so Cuban food and I are in a relationship. I live in Philadelphia and I have been craving beans and rice with grilled chicken (cue Pollo Tropical). Normally I would have to drive up to the NE for some Hispanic like food not necessarily Cuban but it quenches the craving. Anywho, found out Sardi's has a location on city Ave and was like bet, I get to eat Cuban like food made Peruvian style. Meh, I'm still not satisfied. I had black beans and rice, chicken and plantains. The food was ok, but it lack the flavor my tastebuds desired. I will more than likely return because I'm greedy but every now and then I will have to bypass Sardi's and take that hike up to the NE. Also, the line and wait time was ridiculous. I've eaten at Sardi's in MD, and to me the options were much better and the food was great. Hopefully this one improves on taste.Our first experience of Peruvian in Philly -this restaurant does Charbroil chicken that is absolutely out of this world !If you're looking for big portions for a good price, you picked the right place. Sardi's offers a lot of great options, but if you're going for the first time you can't go wrong with getting the chicken. I dined in at this location, and was impressed with how helpful the staff was. The only thing that stinks is finding parking outside the restaurant. Overall would recommend if you're looking for quality fast food that will fill you up at a decent price.Great price for what you great. Usually always a busy atmosphere. Sometimes it better just to do take out. If your coming here clear your other meals for the day. It can be a bit over salted.Love this place!
Admittedly I have a hard time ordering anything but the chicken with sides and an Inca cola but only because it is so good.  I don't mess with any of the many sauces as I do not want to mess up the taste of that delicious wood fired chicken flavor.
Something seemingly simple executed well for a very reasonable price.
Keep up the great work!I love this place. Their chicken, maduros (fried sweet plantains, and fried rice is delicious. Their rice and beans are good too. It's good Latino comfort fast authentic food and a reasonable price. I highly recommend it.The chicken is really good! Prices could be cheaper in my opinion, platters range between $12-15.. i really enjoyed the dipping sauces they provided.. the customer service was friendly and helpful. I did find the menu a little congested and confusing but i'd definately come back.Drove by a bunch of times and am not a fan of chains but this is one chain that I will def come back to.Every aspect of our meal was amazing. Extremely flavorful and tastes authentic. Come once and I'm sure you'll be back again. I know I will.This food is amazing. I just had it for the first time today, and I'm definitely coming back again soon. The chicken is so delicious.Food is good. I loooovvveeee that chicken fried rice! The sauces are amazing. This is a good substitute for what I'm used to. I gave it 3 stars because they really need to work on their customer service training. Each time I went there I felt like they either didn't feel like taking my order or just didnt wanna help at all. Other than that no complaints lol.The chicken is perfect.  Might be the best in Philadelphia.  It is a cross of rotissary and broiled, due to the machine they use.  It is nicely spiced with lime and herbs and it is succulent.
The black beans and rice and plantains were wonderful.  The short ribs were delicious as well.
The price is right and take out takes about 15 minutes to be ready.I was really excited about trying this but it was a huge disappointment. I've had Peruvian food before so I had some expectations. I ordered the quater white with fried rice, plantains and yuca fries. Only thing worth eating was the chicken, nothing to write home about though. The yuca fries were so tough and cut so big. It's almost as if they were fried last week and reheated over and over again. They were also kept heated in one of those hot trays- they are fries, why not fry them in real time in order to offer fresh food to customers? The plantains were also so, so. Maduros are usually soft and sweet and melt in your mouth. These however were kinda tough like they weren't ripe enough. The fried rice had no flavor- only thing I tasted was the sesame oil. Disgusting. Overall, I won't be going back. Really lazy approach to food.I have to give two separate reviews; one for the food and one for the personnel working there.
I'll start with the food. The rotisserie chicken was easily the best rotisserie chicken I've ever had. The rice was very good as well. The food overall was very good. The servers on the other hand had ZERO customer service skills. There was no "hello" or "welcome to Sardi's". On the contrary, they just stand there and look at you. If you're looking for good customer service go somewhere else. If you are looking for good food and don't mind bad service this is your spot.The Peruvian roast chicken is so delicious!!! I ordered half chicken, string beans, and fried rice. The restaurant was clean, the staff was friendly, and my order was ready in minutes. I will be returning to this place for sure.Great food !  Well prepared and impeccable service.im from Virginia Beach and wish we had one here.So I was in the Manayunk area and decided to try a new place. I dislike trying new places because something always goes wrong. Welp it did for me today. First. there was no communication in this place. I placed my order and took a while for us to get our food. There was about 10 customers. There were a situation at the cashier and the manager came out, fixed the problem then grabbed food and went back. She didn't check on the food or her workers. Only good thing about this place was the chicken. The place was nice and looked cleaned. I wouldn't recommend this place to any of my friends.Went to Sardi's on a Tuesday evening (10/23).  Used Chowhound to place the order online for 8:30 pickup.  Food was not ready at 8:30 but they said it would be ready in 10 minutes,  I sat and waited until 8:50 and noticed there were two boxes sitting near the pick up counter and the lady working pickup was walking right by it for 10-15 minutes,  She had no clue.  She didn't include the sauces or plasticware.  Then I get home and they do not have the correct order for one of the meals I ordered.  Called and talked to the GM (Hector) and he said they would give me the correct order next time.  Said they were having problems with the quality of labor.    Food was cold since it sat a long time.  Kind of a disaster.  You will see if you go there and observe.........This place is absolutely delicious, impeccably clean, the chicken is infused with spices and cilantro, and charbroiled --- OMG I swear when you get out of your car the smell will make you smile.  This is a chain, my first experience was one down in Maryland/DC area.  And they offer these really delicious dipping sauces as if the chicken itself was not delish !!! I ordered 1/2 chicken, fried rice which is to die for, and sweet plantains $10 -- Boom & the price is right !!Food is good. I loooovvveeee that chicken fried rice! The sauces are amazing. This is a good substitute for what I'm used to. I gave it 3 stars because they really need to work on their customer service training. Each time I went there I felt like they either didn't feel like taking my order or just didnt wanna help at all. Other than that no complaints lol.
***Update***
Went back and sadly nothing changed. I'm at the register to pay for two beverages and the young ladies at the register (about 4 of them) and a lady in a red shirt who's probably in some sort of managerial capacity all completely ignored us. When asked where we could we pay for our beverages they looked around as if they were looking for someone else. Maybe they were looking for my food but either way the young lady at register barely said a word and when she told me my total she was looking to the left finishing her story with the girls. This was definitely my last visit. Customer svc keeps getting the stars taken away.I fell in love with the chain near UMD College Park and was so happy to see that it was in Philly when I moved up here. Such a cheap price for an unbelievable amount of food. That Sardi's would have received 5 stars.
This location constantly has spotty service. Whenever you walk in service is fairly slow. I have been their multiple times and they didn't even have chicken ready which is 70% of their business. Their food quality is off and on but it is still the best chicken I have ever had.
I would just like to see consistency between these locations.The chicken is banging. The salmon is awesome too. However most of their food is very salty if you can get past that you'll really enjoy anything you get there.