My hubby and I have been heading to this bar almost every Friday for two years now. The friendships we have made with Danny, Fergus, Neil, Everton, and Karrie mean so much to us. We look forward to seeing them, catching up and having some good laughs. They also just happen to make the best drinks in the city and the atmosphere is authentic and fun. Great food (MUST get Truffle Fries) although I do wish there were more vegetarian/vegan options. Hint Hint Owen! :-)Masterful cocktails, knowledgable and FRIENDLY staff, terrific food and you can't beat the laid back vibe in what can be a raucous area of Old City. A locals fav.The best of the best for cocktails. Yummy snacks. Ladies bathroom is plush, big enough for a private party. Absolutely love the early 20th century Parisian/Euro vibe of this place. Old tiles, old tin ceiling, gorgeous dilapidated feeling. You will feel regal and at home at the same time in this place. Enjoy!This place came high recommended! I finally  made it in after sushi over at Uzu and what a lovely surprise.  I love all the original wood bar and tile throughout - the vibe of the music and old timey drinks.  This place is an experience - great for a date. Really delicious cocktails - will have to try the food next time!I'm a big fan of the Sass.  Great food, great beers, friendly service in the olde historic Philly.Went here early on a Saturday night. Bartenders were amiable and poured a good gin martini. One of the owners, Neil, was super friendly and even attempted to make one of my homegrown cocktails: a Hendricks/ginger beer infusion. I had a salad as I was still full from a fantastic brunch and it was good. All in all a good experience. Nothing really to brag about but I'll definitely be back when I'm in the mood for a classic cocktail.Wondering thru the local streets of Philly and my buddies brought me here to try an absinthe cocktail. In a word awesome. Thanks guys!!!Great little bar w/ food. Loved the intimate nighttime vibe of low-lighting and candles at the tables. Very chill and relaxing vibe, and good selection of tunes in the background.
A small but tasty and unique menu. Same goes for the draft beer list - small but a nice unique selection. The staff was fantastic. I would be here all the time if I lived here.This is a cute place to hang out and eat.  The ambiance was warm and cozy.  The food was decent, but in my opinion, a little on the bland side.  I had the carbonara, and I've definitely had a lot better around the same price range.  With that said, the food was still good and the service was good.I love the music at Sass on the week nights. ITs a great romantic getaway that changes up the typical happy hour feel. Even if you're not hitched up, it's a classy yet relaxing vibe. Definitely reminiscent of the prohibition era. But damn, is it pricey!Fantastic little tucked away cocktail bar with amazing music and what looks to be a wonderful food menu.A great bar. I enjoyed the good beer and the music a lot. The best in the old city. I found an amazing woman  called Jennifer, she is green-eyed and svelte. and since then i have been looking for her. I would do anything to find her. And will be thankful for anyone who could help from the staff of the bar. She is a constant client.
oussamalaifi@gmail.comThe ambiance, the people and the bartenders are the reasons I go back. The ambiance there is very relaxed and comfortable. You feel at home when you walk in. The people that go to this bar are very friendly so if you like meeting new people, this is the place. The bartenders know all the drinks too. Great bar!My wife and I love this place--whenever we're down there to catch a movie and every other place is overflowing with people, we can almost always get a quiet table in Sassafras by the fire place.  Great beer selection--even more so considering what bars surround it.Exceptional food at reasonable prices, especially the lunch specials: e.g. Lobster roll with salad or fries for $5.95. Excellent friendly waitstaff. Beautiful old interior with tile floors and wainscoting, wood panelling, fireplace, pressed tin ceiling. Recorded and live jazz. Altogether, one of, if not the, best bar/restaurants in Old City.Awesome spot for lunch. This cozy little spot on second will keep you coming back for more. I recommend getting the bison burger with the works!!in a city full of uninspired irish pubs, expensive speakeasies, and raucous clubs, sassafras is a chill, awesome alternative. it reminds me of all of my favorite bars in new Orleans. the bartenders are great, and the ambience makes me feel like i'm not in philly, which is blissful.
the ladies bathroom is unreal. did you ask for a fainting couch in there? well, you're in luck...you got one.I came here on a date night, really enjoyed this place,the ambiance, the physical plant, the bartender Carl couldn't have been more attentive and on point especially when it was busy at times. I loved the old fashioned he made and can't say I've ever had a better one! Thanks to the band and customer service I'll be back again ...maybe for a ladies night!This is the best bar in Philadelphia. Amazing service. Amazing drink selection. Amazing food. Amazing ambience. Danny during the day - guy is a legend. And Karl and Neil on weekends - classy, excellent bartenders. If you come to Old City but don't stop in, you've done yourself a disservice.I randomly found this place on yelp because my mom wanted a burger and sweet potato fries and she was not disappointed. When we got there Everton was by himself tending to the bar and taking the food orders so he did a really good job juggling bartender and server at the same time. He was really nice and sounded like he new everything about every single liquor ever made. The sirloin burger was huge so I was able to eat 1/2 of it and it was amazing! It was one of the best burgers I've had in a long time. The patty was seasoned really well, so well that I actually forgot to put ketchup on it because it was so good. I actually ordered the Gruyere and ham perogies which were good but they could've definitely used some more filling in them. The lobster bisque and grilled cheese were delicious too. The burger was my favorite, then the Lobster bisque/grilled cheese combo and third the Gruyere & ham perogies. If I come here again I'll order the Sirloin burger or I might even try the Ostrich, Bison or Lamb burger. The only reason I gave them 4 instead of 5 stars is because the food took 35 plus minutes to come out. The womens bathroom upstairs is also one of the cleanest, coolest and spacious bathrooms I've ever been to.The best bar in Philly, hands down. Neill and Feargus makes the best drinks and keeps this historical and multi-dimensional place warm and classy. Always my bar-away-from-home. If you don't have a reason to visit Philly, make this it. You won't regret it.Best Fish and Chips in Old Town. Consistent and friendly service. Good drink selection. Fair pricing. Very happy to come back again and again!Great bar and wonderful service. Bar staff was friendly and professional. Loved the mellow atmosphere and lack of douch baggery that is common amongst Old City bars.Great atmosphere and Danny and Feargus are awesome. Snow & Tell Scotch Ale is awesome and the spaghetti and meatballs smell heartwarming on a 28 degree day during the biggest snowfall of the year. Recommended All Stars!Best bar in the city, bar none. Great food, great drinks excellent service! The atmosphere is fabulously anachronistic. It harkens back to more sophisticated times. Live jazz music contributes to the wonderful ambiance. Whether you like a perfectly poured Guinness, a classic martini or a flaming absinthe, you won't be disappointed. All the bartenders are serious professionals. Love, love, love this place!Love the music at Sassafras!  Live jazz with duo and trios generally.  I'd give it 5 stars for the music.   I've enjoyed every night of music that I've gone to and many different groups play.   Haven't eaten there though and prefer the weeknights as it isn't as crowded.  The atmosphere is warm and intimate.  The staff is friendly, professional and attentive.Found this place while heading somewhere else. The food was great and bar has a good selection. Will definitely go back.This place is saturated with soul. Walking in, you get a vibe of an apothecary from the turn of the century which ding ding ding - it used to be! Got some historical factoids from the bartender- the paintings on the wall of ladies with their Décolletage (place was a brother back in the day! Paintings are original per staff) Then was briefly a speakeasy. our bartender Keri was attentive and knowledgeable, setting me and my girlfriend up with some solid fire drinks tailored to our respective preferences and mood. I got a vodka based drink with a splash of champagne and lime and other subtleties that the hostess mixologist K dashed in; its effervescence and citrus flavor really appealed to me in this spring season that's been dominated by heavy rainy days. Babe got tequila based drinks that she jived with; jalapeño palomino rendering as well as a grapefruit splashed character. Honestly I am a hard sell for good cocktail bars as too many in this city come off as try hard overly complicated, stuffy and expensive (not to name names.) This place has some lovely grit to its elegance and delivers what every bar should aspire to be. Will return it in the neighborhood and I encourage you reading this to give it a go as well.Holy cow! The ostrich burger and sweet potato fries were great. Excellent and unique beer selection. I recommend getting a seat by the fireplace. Red drapes.Never a good sign when a waiter can't really recommend anything on the menu.  Very disappointed.  I can't believe this place is this highly rated.  For starters the burger was a wild let down - bland and very overcooked.  Not to mention it took over an hour for it to make it to the table.  Fish and chips were fine; nothing great.  Fries were soggy.
This place is staffed by only bartender/waiters.  They're working their butts off.  However, it seems very understaffed.  Took forever to get drinks, get our order in, and finally for the food to come out.  They need more staff in front and back.
There are better choices in old city.Watched football here on Saturday afternoon. Fairly quiet so service at the bar was personal and quick. Well curated tap list. Bartender was totally willing about adjusting eve to our desired game. We snacked on the cheese plate. The four slices of Irish cheddar were nicely sharp but not too harsh. The toasted bread pieces were mushy and tasteless. The jam tasted like smuckers with nothing special about it. Seeded mustard was ok. No nuts on plate as indicated on menu. Disappointing for $8. The atmosphere is laid back and charming with original tin ceiling and classy sprawling ladies room. Would return, given the friendly bartender. Hoping for more attention to appetizers for us bar flies.Went here last night for drinks for the first time. Looking for a nice bar in the Old City area after catching a movie. We were rather discouraged by all the bachelorette parties and the like going on at many of the bars. Enter Sassafras. 
A small, intimate bar. Very nicely decorated with a vintage feel. Very well stocked bar. We didn't get food, so I can't comment on that. Still, it was a perfect place for a couple drinks with my boyfriend to round out a relaxing date night. I got a specialty drink called St Rick that contained Hendrick's Gin, St Germain, lime, cucumber, and basil. So yummy I had two. My boyfriend had a dirty martini, good, and a Manhattan that he enjoyed. Server was friendly and prompt. Oh and the background music selection was perfect!
Prices are fair, but these are still $10+ drinks. Still, we will return.A few locals introduced me to their favorite bar in the area. I suggest letting the bar tender choose your drink for you and definitely check out the unique paintings in the ladies room :)Classy establishment. No frills. Old school look to it. Bartenders are pleasant and knowledgeable. Great wine selection as well especially for a place not defining itself as such. A step outside of the douchery that can be old city.This place has a few unique things, but I'd highly recommend the drink called Saint or Sinner. Made with bitters formulated by a licensed herbalist and sommelier. Delicious drinking.Just ok. Had the Moscow mule to drink but did not like the vanilla vodka. Too much. Had the fish and chips. French fries good but the fish was lots of breading not much fish. Service was ok.This is a really cool bar and restaurant. I would never be surprised to see a 1920s gangster come out of the restroom. The place plays smooth jazz, TV is on but not a focus, and the atmosphere is really cool. 
Starting with beer, the list is small but there's always good beer options. It rotates regularly. We know we could have something we haven't had before. 
As far as food, everything I've had is delicious. Both the burger and the veggie burger are delicious. The fries are great and the serving size is just right so we don't feel gross. 
The service is always excellent and knowledgable. The bartenders are friendly and for two years, I've seen the same bartenders which is probably why the patrons at the bar are always interesting and friendly. Makes for a really good evening.I'm new to the neighborhood and to celebrate my move, my friends and I hopped about last night sampling drinks and small plates. Sassafras Bar was by far our favorite of the evening. The bartender made wonderful whiskey sours old school style, and the best Moscow mule any of us had ever had (made with Franklin Fountain ginger beer). The froth on my whiskey sour was laced with red wine - v unusual. 
We snacked on wonderful truffle frites and deviled eggs, both of which I highly recommend.
The ambiance is sexy and vintage, with very dim lighting, a classic wood and mirrored bar, original mantel, and low wooden booths with fresh lillies on the tables. I hear they have jazz some nights, but I really have no clue where the band would really fit because the place is so narrow and intimate. If I ever have a love interest I want to take out in the neighborhood for a sultry but casual late night drink, I'm bringing them to Sassafras.Came here the other day with my fiance and we were starving but we didn't get anything to drink. I got a burger and my fiance got a chicken sandwich. First off, the waiter was awesome!!! He was the bartender I think but he was so friendly and just nice all around. Even if the food had been terrible (which it wasn't), I would come back for drinks just because of our waiter. When we got the food, it was pretty good. It wasn't rock my pants amazing but it wasn't bad either-just your typical burger and I liked that I could get bison meat instead of the typical ground meat selection. My finace liked his sandwich too and though it was pretty good as well. Great restaurant though and will be back for drinks again.I've walked past Sassafras at least a hundred times and assumed that it was just another 2nd Street mediocre bar (there are many).
My wife and I were both having our hair done down the street and were looking for a nice place for a light dinner and cocktails, thanks to Yelp we found Sassafras.
Very intimate decor and a noticeable lack of loud/drunk patrons. A duo was playing jazz by the window while we enjoyed a nice glass of Pinot Noir. My wife had the steak frites, while I nibbled on some wings and deviled eggs. All were delicious. Sitting at the bar we both commented on the great care they were crafting cocktails (will try next time). The tremendous service from our Irish bartender was the icing on the cake!...loved the name, so I randomly dropped in. Ended up sitting next to a guy who returned from a visit earlier in the evening...great conversation ensued. Add an awesome bartender, another random regular, and a nice selection of white wine: Win-Win. 
See you guys soon :-)One of Philly's best. One of the great things about Sassafras is the fact that it's rarely crowded. We often pop in for a cocktail late on a Saturday night and rarely have an issue getting a seat (which is really saying something since it's nestled in the middle of party-central). The vibe and decor feels like you stepped back in time and walked into a speakeasy. The bartenders are highly talented mixologists who make every drink like it's the most important thing they've done all night - does that make service a tad slow? perhaps, but the quality of the drink far outweighs the wait. (If you like bloody mary's, you need to get one from here!)So cute! I usually stay away from Old City after dark but yesterday me and my friend stopped by Sassafras fro some after dinner drinks and I loved it!
We got a seat at the bar and ordered from their specialty cocktail menu. I loved the atmosphere. There were 2 younger guys playing music (sax and the guitar). It made me feel like I was in a 40s era bar. The bartenders were also super nice. 
I'll definitely be coming back tot try to food next time.Great burgers, good beer selection on tap, friendly waitstaff and cozy atmosphere!
My only complaint is that stairway to the women's bathroom is a little windy & intimidating after a few beers..other than that it was great!Through the door sits an ecclectic almost historic bar, celing, walls and floor that makes you feel like you just stepped back to pre-proabition times.  The owner sits at the head of the bar reading the paper and smoking, not mush lately, like an all seeing eye that keeps tabs on the flow of business.  The burger is still hands down my favorite in the city and I've had Rouge and Barclay Prime's.  Good beer selection and a place to hang in old city without the crowd.  What sucks is I always want a friggin burger there for lunch and they're never open.I love this bar, even if only for the fact that my co-workers and I used to go here late night after we got out of work. The music is usually good, the food isn't bad, the beer selection is decent, and the bar is small (and usually half empty). Which probably explains why I like it so much, especially compared to every other annoying bar on 2nd St.
If you're trying to find some place to duck out and hide but still have a few drinks and be able to carry on a conversation, you can't do better in Old City than Sassafras.Rather than take up your time by waxing redundant, let me refer you to the other five-star reviews below.  To those remarks I'll only add that, to my perhaps limited knowledge, Sassafras is like no other place in Old City, or Philadelphia for that matter.  Further, as a bi-city dude who spends half my time in NYC (and as a Yelper who shivers with pleasure at the prospect of writing a bad review of anything), I can safely say that this is one of the warmest, most interesting, most authentic, most amiably presented neighborhood bars I've encountered in either city, ever.  From the sharp, friendly bartenders to the beer selection to the lighting to the fireplace to the typically-appropriately-volumed music to the special musical guests on Tuesday and Wednesday nights, to the fantastic burgers, chicken santos sandwich, Mongolian dumplings and other well-executed basic dishes, to the gorgeous eclectic musical taste of the bartenders themselves--this place quietly, beautifully rocks.  And those Irish accents just cinch the deal (I know, I know, sorry, can't help it).  My friends and I are engaged in a conspiracy of patronage.  We want to keep this place around for a long, long time (though luckily, and not surprisingly, it seems to be doing just fine without our help).  Note that the ownership changed a couple of years ago, so earlier, less favorable reviews may not be reliable.  Just go, and if you love it (as you are likely to), go, and go again!  Sassafras, thanks for being Sassafras.We were just walking down the street and this place caught our eye. This was the best bar in Philly. The bartenders know how to make great cocktails and pay very particular attention to the drinks they are making. A true skill i have rarely seen. This place made the best old fashioned I have ever had. A must try.Sat at the Bar Halloween weekend. The Bartenders were exactly what you expect friendly, quick with a pour and interesting to boot! This midwestern girl felt right at home! Reading the other reviews I kinda wish I would have had a bite to eat.. ah well next trip.Live jazz can't be better. A bartender from Ireland and the best company ever.   I have never been here before, but the guy who introduced me to it was spot on. I can't decide what is better, the food, drinks or the guy who looks much better in person than his profile picturesSeriously, you can read my reviews and I totally haven't said this anywhere else. THIS is my favorite bar in Philadelphia. Hands down. I don't feel like I need to go into detail here. It's truly amazing. The intelligent Irish gents behind the bar, the cozy, timeless atmosphere, and perfect food make for a fantastic visit every time.Decent atmosphere, efficient bartenders, sometimes music, and acceptable prices combine to make this place probably the best chill bar in the old neighborhood.This place is fantastic! Came here for late dinner and the pomegranate martini was delicious! This is a hidden gem in old city!My favorite cocktail bar in the city? It might just be. 
Love the speakeasy feel but not actually a speakeasy. You can normally grab a spot at the bar, you might just need to wait. Everything on the menu is awesome - highly recommend the Muel. 
Love that they write out the credit card slips.
Easy date night: Han Dynasty for dinner, sassafras after (although I do this with friends)Went to Sassafras the last time I was in town and it was a great, quiet bar.  Nice ambience, good beer selection, and a chill atmosphere.This place is like stepping back in time...which I love. Old bar,old music,and old decor. It was early so the barkeep was the server too. Service was good. The food...was just ok. I ordered the special; sirloin burger and fries. Asked for medium and got well done. The size is good for a lunch portion but not good if you are hungry. I'd give this 3  1/2 stars.The lamb burger here is so good that it can turn into an addiction.  Seriously.  The meat is juicy and flavorful, and the brie and sauteed onions complement it perfectly.  I have also had the same burger with bechamel and mushrooms, and that was a delicious combination, as well.  In fact, the possibilities are almost endless if you take into consideration the choice of meat (veggie, beef, ostritch, lamb, bison), cheeses, sauces (rec. the bechamel and bordelaise, if you get the sirloin), and toppings.  The burgers are even good the next day (I always get one to bring for lunch if I or a family member is in the area)!  Plus, I really like that they can give you a salad instead of fries because they have a great honey mustard dressing.  My lamb burger and salad lunch today definitely made the workday bearable and seem shorter.Stopped in twice during my quick weekend trip to Philly. I like the relaxed old-school vibe of Sassfras. On night one, the sign outside featuring lavender champagne lured us in. We were definitely not disappointed. They were some kind of delicious! So much so we came back with friends the next day after brunch. The service was OK on Friday night, but wonderful on Saturday afternoon. Worth a try if you're in the area!I just went to Sassafras last weekend and loved it! There are no words that can describe the bartender besides maybe the sweetest man on the planet. The Moscow Mule I got was the best one I've ever had - with ginger beer in it mmmm... Loved the atmosphere with fun jazzy music!  Four stars because the food wasn't the best... the pierogis (sp?) and fried pickles were semi bland, though I did love the onions inside the pierogis. Super cute bar to take my mom in before her 1920s wedding this summer. I'd go back JUST to be at that bartenders bar - such a nice, genuine guy.Really I have never had anything but a great time here...great food, great service, great drinks, great crowd...and a couple times there's been live music - just a perfect setting. 
The seating is rather limited in maybe 15 bar seats and 6 or so tables...there is some standing room as well. But I have always found a place to sit when I have come in here. It feels so authentic inside and the deer with a top hat above the bar really set's the mood. There is a quaint fireplace and you just have such a great old feeling inside. 
The bartenders are always always GREAT and my favorite is that when you order a Guinness they actually put the shamrock on the top! Bonus points for that...it's in the details you know. 
They have a ton of burger options...Bison, Ostrich, Beef, and a could others and they come out perfect, and their sweet potato fries are also delicious, with yummy dipping sauces. 
They have a great mixed drink menu, good beer selection and a good wine selection too.great atmosphere!!! there was a little live music, i was so happy i went there, food and drinks were awesome. Had the steak sandwich w sweet potato fries and my husband had the ostrich burger! soo good!!!I absolutely loved my first visit at Sassafras this weekend!  I first heard of Sassafras a year ago when they sponsored some dishes at a Yelp elite event last year, and I remember everything I ate and drank at the event was amazing.  Hence, I always remembered the name, Sassafras, I need to go there one day!  
Boom, it happened, and was such a great experience.  We sat at the bar, so had personalized service with the friendly bartenders who entertained us all night by whipping up some very creative and artistic drinks.  My first round was a grapefruit infused vodka martini with lemon zest, amazing.  Second round, I asked the bartender to make me something with gin and cucumber, and he took a simple request and created a masterpiece drink with fresh cucumber, gin, basil, and a few other ingredients that I don't remember.  It was perfect. 
Food:  The hummus plate was delicious, it comes with artichoke hearts! What!? Yes!  Also, try the home-made Pierogis of the day... the special Pierogis I had was ham, aged cheddar, and potato, pan sauteed, with a delicious (but light) sour cream base.  Phenomenal!  Probably the best Pierogis I've ever eaten in my life, besides my grandmas!  My friends also ordered the chicken sandwich, which looked good, but was a tad spicy (even though the bartenders informed them in advance).  They seemed to enjoy it!
Overall, very impressed here, and will come back a million more times. Its refreshing to have a unique, un-crowded cocktail bar with great food, and great bartenders, in the middle of the busy hustle-bustle of Old City.  Winner!!!Sassafras is hands down the best bar in Philadelphia. Over the course of my two years in Philadelphia, I have logged many hours at the bar, sipping cocktails, listening to live music, and eating delicious meals. Allow me to break down some of the many wonderful things I love about Sass:
The Food: I have yet to have a disappointing meal here. My go-tos are the calamari and the fried pickles, because the batter is just amazing, and the sauces - aioli for the pickles and something sweet and tangy for the calamari - are fantastic every time. Do ask about the specials, though, because there is almost always something creative on the menu that will make even the least adventurous eaters feel like foodies, and sometimes they come with a side of sweet potato fries, which I swear I could eat all day long.
The Drinks: Owner/Bartender Neill created a drink just for me. I'm not going to tell you what it's called because I'm selfish like that (and I'm also afraid you'll spoil the ingredients, which I would prefer remain a blissful mystery). Suffice to say, it is magical, and I order it every time. I also love the large selection of cocktails they roll out for special occasions. Keep an eye on the Facebook page, because I'm sure one of the autumn concoctions will tickle your fancy!
The Place: Sass is undeniably warm and inviting. The real gem (in my opinion) is the ladies' room, which features a beautiful mural on the walls, a comfy couch, and a full-length mirror to aid in the prevention of wardrobe malfunctions.
The People: The best part of Sass is truly the wonderful people who work there. I had only to tell them "Neill makes me this thing that's pink and fruity" and each of them came up with their own unique version - all delicious. They are friendly, warm, welcoming people who are always good for a laugh and/or a slice of wisdom, and they always go the extra mile for their patrons. Just last night, Angie poured a bucket of ice water over my head out front for the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge. 
But why take my word for how incredible this place is? Go see for yourself, order a drink and a plate of sweet potato fries, and strike up a conversation with your bar tender. I hope we meet at the bar!Perfect for a spontaneous Sunday night date. Excellent cocktails, nice low key live music, delicious food (loved the grilled cheese), great service, and right ambiance. We will come back again.Nice intimate setting. The grilled cheese was just what I was looking for and the service met expectations.I really enjoy this place. It is a nice, small place with a lovely atmosphere and, being in Old City, it has some nice antique flair. I quite enjoy going to the bathroom here for the vintage plumbing. The crowd is typically mature and quiet and the servers are professional, quick and attentive when need be. This is a good place to take somebody for lunch or dinner so you can have a relaxing meal with conversation that isn't drowned out by blaring music, spillage from other diners, and other forms of noise pollution found in many establishments.
While other places seem to fill up around here and while other places get put on lists for "Best Burger", I think Sassafras is easily the best I've had in Philadelphia. I'm hardly a burger guy, but this place is one of five places that make me want burgers periodically (two being in Scotland). I initially went here for the Ostrich burger, and I must say that it is top five burgers I've ever had. Ostrich meat is absolutely delicious and every time I order a burger here they cook it perfectly to order (medium-rare for me). I also ordered the Buffalo burger another time and it is another top five quality. The lamb burger is also quite good. I like to get the "Dillinger" on all the burgers so I get caramelized onions and swiss cheese. 
One time, I made the mistake of passing on the sweet potato fries in favor of regular fries, but I will NEVER do this again. Their sweet potato fries are some of the best I've ever had and they come with an addictive garlic aioli that was another stepping stone in changing how I view mayonnaise. 
That being said, I do not believe I've actually tried the regular hamburger. I don't know if I ever will either, as I think I'll be going there for the Ostrich burger. It is unique and it is delicious. I don't know how the bar is, as I haven't tried it, but I believe I had the lemonade and other similar drinks here and found it to be quite good. 
Suddenly, I am craving a burger. Sadly, there is a snow storm outside, and I will not venture from the Schuykill-side of Center City to the Delaware-side, as tempting as it is. If there is one place that would make me for a burger, it may just be Sassafras.Visited this place while on a day trip to Philly. Hop Sing was closed but maybe it's a good thing or else I wouldn't have awesome live music, a great cocktail and the best dressed up deer to talk about. 5 starsCame here with my boyfriend for New Years for dinner. It was busy but we were seated immediately. It's dimly lit, cozy, and intimate. We ordered drinks and an appetizer (order their pierogies, you will not regret it!). I had the spinach and ricotta ravioli and my boyfriend had the bison burger. He was very happy with his burger and my pasta was delicious (my portion could have been a little bigger, or perhaps the plate itself could have been smaller...). My cocktail (the 'dark and stormy') was also delicious, if a little expensive. The service was fantastic; our server was so attentive and we never had to wait very long for a drink or a dish. 
We enjoyed our visit very much and I would love to come again.I loved visiting The Sassafras Bar in Philly! I went here during lunch and got the chicken sandwich, which was very good and inexpensive. I also had an awesome martini with bitters and chatted with the kind bartender for awhile. Don't forget to check out the art wall in the woman's bathroom.Really wonderful service. Trendy and intimate ..definitely had a speakeasy feel. The drinks were okay and it was a cozy, good experience! Would definitely go back.Love this place.  Admirable beer selection and the food is really good.  I recommend the basil hummus and sweet potato fries for apps - all plates are large enough for 3-4 people to share.  The bartenders are friendlier than any I've seen in Old City and I have yet to have a bad time.  
Plus, ladies, you have to check out the women's bathroom just for giggles.  It's a giant converted bedroom with shag carpet and drapes and yes, a big old couch.  It took me about 30 seconds to register that it was the bathroom the first time I went in - I thought it was a lounge. 
Sassafras is a welcomed low-key surprise in the middle of a rather hyped up part of town.Great bar, excellent food. If you're a meat 'n potatoes guy like me, the burgers and the meatball sandwich are a must. Highly recommended!I dined here last night and had a wonderful time. The food was amazing! The slaw dog was such a great treat. I hope the chef puts more great items like this on the menu. The wine list is great. I couldn't get over the beautiful and charming ambiance. This place is a hidden gem. Definitely make this destination your next stop for a fantastic meal.Awful. This place should not be rated this high. Just to be clear this is primarily a bar bordering on a pub style atmosphere. The night I was there patrons were drunk and very loud. The lighting and ambiance was poor. I ordered a basic beef burger and it lacked taste. The bun was microwaved and stale and they gave me a select helping of microwaved from the "night before" styled fries. The bartender was nice and serve me a martini. The martini was decent, but again over priced. I can't recommend this place. Please think about better pubs in the area like the Eulogy Belgium Pub.
Good luck in Philly.I love this place. the ambiance is great and reminds me of an old school bar with the music and drink menu. I ordered a dirty martini and the bartender asked me how dirty I like it (now, now get your mind out of he gutter)  and adjusted it without hesitation when I asked him. 
It was a fun place and we'll be going there again.Came in for Samhain specialty cocktails but I ended up ordering Guinness because nothing looked good. 
Chalkboard outside advertises bar bites during happy hour, never saw a food menu.
It was damn near impossible to get the bartender's attention despite sitting at a high top directly behind the bar seats. 
Speaking of, not sure those tables should even be there. The walkway suffered as a result, and quite a few people bumped into me as they passed back and forth.
Took about 15 minutes to get the bartender to notice us for round 2, and he ended up charging us full price for our second drinks despite the fact that it was still happy hour.
The only other person working was a waitress; she never dropped by us once. No one offered us a food menu, or waters, or anything that could have improved our experience.
Live music was only okay. It did not serve to add anything special to an already less than mediocre experience.
Kind of divey, though I felt like that was more as result of lack of upkeep than by design. For happy hour, I really wished I had gone back to Moriaty's instead: $3 Guinness and some bomb wings would have done the trick.
Other people's food smelled pretty good, I might be back for that, though not any time soon and probably only as result of other people's wishes.In a sea of cheese, this pub is a standout.  Quick, attentive bartenders with cute Irish accents, reasonable prices...I make sure always to get a seat at the bar. 
I mostly drink here but I have eaten here once.  I think I got the salmon.  I was not disappointed.  I think my friend and I also ordered the hummus and it was delightful. 
The trek up the stairs to the ladies' lounge (which is huge--covered in mural and you get the feeling lots of people have gotten busy on the sofa in there) can be hairy when you have one too many cocktails.  Men, you're lucky your (tiny I hear) bathroom is on the first floor.
They have absinthe and apparently have it served the right way.
I'm a bit fan of the ambience:  the original Victorian feel to the place.  The hex tiles, the dark wood.  The liquor selection is wide and the wine, according to my friend, selection is delightful.We've been frequenting Sassafras for 15 years & just wanted to let people know how great it is, particularly the service. While Olde City has gone up and down and back up again, Sassafras, Neil, Fergus, etc. have been one of the best bar/restaurants in Philly.This is one of the best places to eat in the area! Order the truffle fries which can be substituted for regular fries on a burger. The desert was amazing as wellnot really my scene. it reminded me of an 1950's bar where wealthy white men go to smoke cigars and get way from their wives (if that even makes sense). the server was french or something and it was pretty traditional looking.
but it was fine for drinks. in the middle of busy 2nd street on a crowded friday night. i tucked myself in a small nook with my date and drank some whiskey since that seemed like the most appropriate thing to order. the phillies game was on so i was all good.New King of Publand Crowned!!! Long live the King. 
I have been longing for a Pub that pours a pint of Guinness properly, and does a decent bite. Enter Sassafras.
What really struck me is how excellent their list of burgers is.  They have 5 meats from which to choose...not toppings...meats!  Ostrich, Bison, Sirloin, Lamb...and I guess I have to include the veggie one too. I'm a huge fan of all of those options, but opted for the Bison.  The toppings are not commonplace.  One can choose from sauces like Bernaise & au Pouvoir, and cheeses like aged gruyere & Stilton. I did gruyere and caramelized onions...it tasted like a french onion soup burger.  HUGE flavour; $12. 
The draught beer list is small, but focused.  The bartenders have their little certification from Ireland, indicating that they are experts pourers of the life giving Guinness stout.  
This is all I wanted...A very good sandwich and 2 pints for $20.  Well done mates, I can't wait to be back.When a bar makes you feel like you belong there, that usually means that you're going to love everything about it. Sassafras is has the warmth of an old school cocktail bar, with easy-going  vibe. They serve killer drinks and serve up food that will just make you smile. 
On a weekend escape from NYC, my wife and I decide to go to Philly. For our Saturday night I had several bars in mind that we would go to. As soon as we walked into Sassafras we were hit with great music and a cool hum of energy. We were lucky to sit at the bar and watch as bartenders Carl and Ferguese made drink after drink and manage to chat it with the locals and tourists all the same. They even put on the Mets game for my wife. What was suppose to be our first stop turned into us hanging out the whole night.
My wife enjoyed several rum and cokes and a really nice glass of chilean wine, always a plus in my book when a place has anything from Chile. I enjoyed several dark and storm-ies and a Vesper, from Bond fame. Truly, these bartenders could open a bar anywhere and knock people of their socks. They taste tested every drink... how they maintain sobriety is beyond me. My dark and storm-ies were the embodiment of Philly, packing a punch, timelessness and projecting the life of the city, with all the charm and grit in balance. While the Vesper had all the makings of Joe Frazier... you didn't know what hit you until you realized you were floating in inebriation.
In support of the line up of fantastic drinks, was an awesome bar menu. On the night we enjoyed tomato bisque soup, pretzel crusted mac n' cheese, bbq pork pierogies, deviled eggs, and fried pickles. Everything single item hit the spot. The tomato bisque was lovely, leaving a nice warm tummy on a chilly night. The pretzel crusted mac n' cheese offered a rich and hearty food option, with the sweetness of the cheese being balanced by the salty pretzel... final verdict? Food coma. The bbq pork pierogies were simply awesome. What a great idea to use an american filling in a  old world eastern european food-stuff. The devil eggs were tasty and had a modest kick. The fried pickles, however, were my favorite item! Served in fried goodness spears, they were deliciously crispy! The pickles still had their natural crunch and the type of pickle was perfect for frying. It still had that wonderful sourness!
As I mentioned above, my wife and I just ended up spending the rest of our night at Sassafras. Why you ask? Simply put... there was no reason to leave.Sassafras is open again!  A real bar for real people in Old City, what a concept!  A large variety of beers to choose from and good whiskey too! Friendly bar tenders.Yeah, so, now I want to buy a pistol and play Hold 'Em in the year 1865...
Decor: endearing textured tin ceiling; dear head with fedora between antlers; textured spring-green velvet swirled wall paper; and oak. There's a lot of oak.
Drinks: They have legit Sidecars or so their menu says, but my Diet and Jack was just a wee bit watered down...Custer's mustache may have drooped a little. 
Overall, pretty dandy.Ice cream float! Different but good I think they hated us because that all we ordered. Oh well....
I'm glad this didn't post last night.  Even though I didn't think they appreciated my small order, the bartender did come over after we were done and engaged us in conversation about the float.  I thought that was cool.  We noticed that the bartenders were the wait staff and busboys.  They had their hands full.  
I can't give a full report about the place.  So far I agree with others, it appears to be a gem in Olde City.A cute little bar in old city philadelphia that had great food and amazing drinks! I came around 7pm on a Saturday so the bar was not yet packed with the weekend crowd. We were seated at a cozy litte table and the waiter was attentive the whole time. We started with some appetizers that were specials and not on the menu. Perogis with cheese bacon and chives...they were delicious, of course.  We also ordered heirloom tomatoes stuffed with goat cheese. Everything tasted so fresh! I had a meatball sandwich for my meal - they were in perfectly toasted bread with provolone melted on top. And the portion sizes were perfect. I also got to take a bite of the lamb burger and was really impressed. Also, the cocktails were awesome! I ordered an absinthe drip cocktail which was made at the table.  The bartender took a glass, put an absinthe spoon ontop of it with a sugar cube. He then poured absinthe over the cube and into the glass. He then lit the cube on fire and waited for it to die out. Once it did, he lightly dripped water on the cube until it was completely dissolved into the glass. He gave the drink a quick stir with the same spoon and then served. It was strong but delicious!There is no better old-school bar in Philadelphia, perhaps the East Coast!.....if only they would remove the TVs........great room, great music, great bartenders and staff......and a great vibe!Good bar in Olde City.. not as impressive beer list as Monk's, Khyber or Eulogy but still a nice place to meet for friends. The sweet potato fries were so so & the ostrich burger had less flavor than I was expecting.Went here for lunch on a cool, rainy summer day. Had a delicious founders IPA with the delightful fried pickles. Followed by a bison burger with Gruyere cheese and the sweet potato fries with a spicy aioli. Oh Lordy, couldn't have been happier with the entire meal. Totally recommend this place. Didn't give it a 5 because it was really loud. Was an intimate setting though, really enjoyed the meal!Excellent spot. The bar tenders at night are true pros. They are extremely knowledgable  of all alcohol be it wine, whiskey, or beer. They are constantly hustling but willing to take the time to explain a drink or the difference between bitters. They're helpful without being hurtful and aim to please. These guys really make the experience worth it and keep us coming back.This bar may not look like much on the outside, hell, even the inside is kind of dated and dark. The food, however, is AWESOME. 
The grilled cheese is fabulous, as is the mac and cheese. What I'm really writing this review on are the pierogies. Cooked to perfection and served with a cream that is...just wonderful. 
Danny, the bartender/waiter, is friendly and attentive. 
I will be a regular.This review will only cover the drinks at Sassafras as I have never actually eaten here (although I do hear the food is delicious). This is one of our go to places for after-dinner nightcaps when in old city. It has a cozy old-timely atmosphere that feels like you've stepped in a time machine back to the 1920s. We've always come in a group, which they accommodate in large booths in the back, but there's also many high tops too. Every time I've been here they also have live jazz music playing, which is rare in the city!
The drinks here are what makes this bar shine. The expert attention each cocktail receives from the bartender is refreshing and inspiring. Their feature cocktails are split into classic & modern. Although I've heard great things about many of these, I always opt for a standard dirty martini. When ordering this they ask you to put it in a scale of 1 through 10 for dirtiness. I usually stick with a 6 or 7 and find it to be just the right amount of olive juice without being a salt bomb.
All in all, Sassafras is the place to go to if you're looking to sip on some delicious cocktails and escape the hustle and bustle of the city.Great spot for a special reunion dinner with my friends. The food was great and the cocktails were worth it. Service was relaxed and attentive. Get the pierogis to start, just do it.Excellent burgers... We also had the BBQ pulled pork sandwich and was blown away at how good it was... The sweet potato fries lived up to all the reviews and were FANTASTIC!!! The atmosphere is completely authentic and adds to the experience. It truly is a gem of a find!Amazing server as he was the only one in the whole place plus he was the bartender.  The food was good and not the same old stuff.  Great sweet potato fries and the burgers were just perfect.  The only downside was the live Jazz band... not against Jazz music, but when it's so loud you can't hear the person across the table.....  Should have the live band only after 10pm for those looking to drink and listen to music.4.5/5
I love this cozy old city bar! Whether I'm meeting up with friends or going on a date it never disappoints. It's atmosphere alone, especially when they have a jazz band playing is enough to keep me returning to this bar. It's dark, candle lit, and just slightly quirky. I have tried a couple of drinks here and by far the French snap martini is my favorite (and perhaps my favorite in the city). Food is decent, mainly the reason why I rate it 4.5, than 5 stars. I expected their pirogies to be amazing since they always have them on the menu and they were sub par. However, their fries in a beer sauce I got once were pretty good. 
Ps. I weirdly love their kooky bathroom painted with all sorts of images-kind of feels like you are peeing in the middle of the bedroom but a after a few cocktails you start to ignore that.I found this place when I was looking for a nearby place to eat after the beer garden at the spruce street harbor point. Very very happy with finding this place, although I could see that this place would not be for everyone. 
This place has a unique vibe which includes a decked out mounted dear head. They serve a mixture of different drinks including old school and new school drinks. Hell their menu has a dark and stormy on it.  Food was really good, I had an ostrich burger, a rare find, that was really good. I also had a taste of their long hots (Italian hot peppers) which were surprisingly really good. 
I would definitely recommend this place and will definitely be back.Went there on a Tuesday evening, they had a fantastic Jazz band. The place is small, but luckily it wasn't that busy. We ordered the Bison burger (came w/sweet potato fries) and perogies. 
The perogies were delicious, lightly pan fried to have the perfect crispy shell. The Bison burger was a bit dry, but that's to be expected from a lean meat. The sweet potato fries were great. 
The service was a bit slow because there was only one server/bartender.Best hamburger I've ever had, and the value was unbelievable. Recommend the lamb burger with au pois (spelling) sauce, blue cheese, apple bacon, and onions. Outstanding! I still can't get over how good it was. Atmosphere was fun with live music and a great bar (although I don't drink).Great drinks. I recommend the Sassafrass float. 2 of those, a martini and some sweat potato fries cost us $40Sassafras, you're misplaced. Olde City is a sea of poor service, overcrowded bars, and annoying patrons. You escape the pitfalls and stand out.
I've been meaning to eat here for years. And there's a lot to like about this place. As soon as you step inside, the decor stands out. Simple, historic, well taken care of. A long wooden bar leads along one side with small dining area in the back. There's a fireplace, but sadly, it's not in use. There's also an awesome textured ceiling. And I hear the lady's room is a sight to see.
I was out with my good friend Cambria while we were waiting for a showtime of "Black Swan." I didn't get anything to drink, but the beer list was respectable. Lots of local beers. There isn't anything that isn't readily available elsewhere, but still good choices nonetheless. There's also an extensive whiskey list.
Our server was excellent. He had a fantastic dry sense of humor, and he was on top of everything all evening. He knew a lot about the menu, including the fat content of all of the different burgers, which was helpful info and impressive. We both opted for burgers, medium-rare lamb for myself and veggie for Cambria. They were served with sweet potatoe fries and garlic aioli, and both of these were great.
My burger was excellent. It was juicy, and cooked exactly right. The lamb was a great meat for the burger, with a different taste than beef but the same consistency and texture. There are a lot of options for toppings and cheese, but I went simple with American cheese. Overall, it's an excellent burger, and probably the best in the area. It's also pretty sizable, I'd guess between 6 and 8 oz. The veggie burger is impressive, with a red bean and wheat base. It actually tastes good and has a pretty palatable texture. I don't eat veggie burgers often, but I could certainly enjoy this one.
Bottom Line: I don't make my way down here often, and Eulogy is still my first choice. But Sassafras has a nice bar, a great atmoshpere, good service, and tasty burgers. It gets my recommendation, even if it may be quite some time before my next visit.  Still, I wouldn't recommend showing up here after 8:30 on the weekends.This bar has the best bartenders in the city by far... Philadelphia is filled with half assholes bartenders who make you feel like it is some kind of chore to get you a drink (which is their job) Neil who works Wednesday to Sunday makes bartender an art form. You want to order drinks just to watch the pride he takes in them. Every drink is mixed perfectly strong and delicious. Alley another bartender there seems to be his female counter part with the same charisma and bar tending skills. Regardless this is a place to have a drink, relax, and enjoy one of Philadelphia's secrets at its finest...Fried perogies, the best french onion soup ever (I almost licked the bowl, Yelpitos!), and a Dark and Stormy (different but tasty).  Another successful evening out with a friend at 2nd Street downtown.  Plus, $5 parking at PPA --- cannot beat that for a Friday night!  And all this time I thought Sassafras was a sammy place ... :)Yeah, you totally want to stop by Sassafras. If you like alcohol, then just do it. You won't regret it.
Who doesn't like finely crafted libations served up by friendly mixologists? 
I once saw a B-list actor here....he is always a bad guy in movies. He was pretty nice in person though. 
Just so you know, the crowd is a little more on the "mature" end. But don't let that deter you ....I have lived in Old City for about 5 years now, and I have walked by this place many times. It is unfortunate that Sassafras is nestled between nightclubs and other places frequented by the college age crowd. If you are someone who is no longer in college, or has an "old soul" and wants a well crafted cocktail made by career bartenders, this is your place! 
I was immediately charmed by the 1920's interior with many original details in good condition. It is a classy place to enjoy a beer, a glass of wine, or a cocktail from a byegone era. My bartender Fergus made me a classic Manhattan, which was a bit dry for my taste as I prefer them sweeter, but I respected the style and wasn't about to complain on my first visit. It also didn't hurt that he made it a bit tall and I had to lean over to prevent spilling! 
I am sad I have not found this place before, as it will be my new "go-to" to meet people, and not worry about having to shout over an overly loud, or dirty bar. This place is classy, yet accessible. I will definitely go back!I used to be vegetarian... Until I discovered their ostrich burger. Its amazing!Sassafras is the perfect date spot. Dim lighting, small tables, and fancy cocktails without being overpriced.Awesome bar, great innovative cocktails, bartenders are very informative and friendly.Pleasant surprise. Really great potato soup and bacon wrapped meatloaf. Fries super good too. Staff was also very pleasant.Cute little place. Good food. Service a little slow but that's because it was pretty packed. Will visit again.On a street full of plenty of options, I am thrilled we popped into sassafras on a Sunday afternoon after sight seeing. The lavender champagne with cold blueberries was delightful. My hubby enjoyed both there white and red wines. The bartender was friendly and knowledgeable. The space was visually delightful. We only sipped this first trip, not snacked, so I am glad I'll be in town for over a week so I can pop in and try the pretzel and maybe a pint.Meh. Cocktails were fine, food was pretty bland and unimaginative. For point of reference, I had the pierogies and tasted my friend's  mac 'n cheese. Both dishes were seriously under seasoned and made me curse myself for not slipping a mini bottle of Tabasco into my purse before heading out for the night. Rookie mistake to leave home without hot sauce. 
They are going for a cozy, 20s inspired ambiance and this is probably the restaurant's biggest selling point. 
I would rate this place 3.5 stars if I could. Again, it's fine, just not as sassy in the kitchen as I would like.Oh Sassafras. If I could clone you and bring you home...... sigh......
I think it is often a haven - away from the crazy that is old city on the weekends. My favorite time though is during the week, in the evenings, when Frank Sinatra is playing the lights are dimmed and they have just made me the most perfect drink (an old fashion for my husband and a Dark and Stormy for me). The bartender who has a wonderful Irish accent just makes it more perfect! 
I look up and see that the deer head is always festive depending on the time of year. Halloween, Christmas, Valentine's Day and yes it will be dressed appropriately. 
They have a few tables. You can eat lunch or dinner. 
But for me it's sitting at the bar the doors opened and hearing old city streets come alive. 
Sassafras.....oh how I miss you.Loved the variety of food. loved the ambience of the place and oh my.... the music selection was so awesome! However, the food was underwhelming. Pictures looked great and we were so excited for our food. It was a 50% hit and a 50% miss! Dry rub on the wings was good, but missing something. French fries were to DIE FOR.... and their aoli is amazing also. However, the pulled pork sandwich had too much clover in it and it was over powering! All in all, would love to come back and try again! We didn't get a drink but the menu looked great!A little oasis in a land of yuppie hang-outs.  This place has a decent assortment of beers on tap and a cool vibe in its atmosphere.  I could even say dinner wasn't bad either. My only hang up were their burgers.  I had read in the reviews that the burgers were one of, if not the best in the area.  Cannot particularly agree.  First of all, let me start with the fact that the burgers start at $11. From there it quickly escalate to about $15 - $16, depending on how many toppings that you may need for your perfect burger. With that said, it was a decent  experience. i recommend more for atmosphere than for the food.Yelpers didn't lead me wrong. Amazing speakeasy! Beautiful ambiance and delicious drinks. Plus terrific service. Wonderful place to spend an evening. Don't miss it if you're in Old City. (And Ladies: make sure to check out the bathroom, the decor is something else).i don't remember going to this bar. i guess it must have been really good?My buddy called this place "an oasis in Old City" and he was right.  Great spot in the middle of the craziness of Old City with terrific food and good beer selection.  Also has a decent bar in a place that fits only a few barstools and tables.  
Bartender was very friendly as he explained the menu options.  Pasta dishes are delicious and unexpected in this area.  Will go back there for a drink next time I'm in Old City.Atmosphere and vibe is super cool... staff very nice. Drinks were great and food was amazing!! The burgers and the grilled cheese a must try!I've said it many times but Sassafras is one of the best bars in the city. It's small and gets crowded, but if you get a seat you can relax and enjoy a great evening. So many of the "new" places that open up are all about jamming their concept down your throat and squeezing every dollar out of you. Sassafras is an oasis in Old City, great bartenders, great drinks, great food, and friendly people all around. The only "concept" is making sure you're having a good time.Great atmosphere, music and food. Prices are good and our waiter super friendly. It was a great choice for our second night in Philly!I went here because I heard they have good burgers and I'm a big fan of a good juicy Angus burger. Well, I left a little bit disappointed, I've had way better burgers in other restaurants/bars in the city. The meat was bland plus I order it medium and I got a dry well done instead.Sassafras is my favorite bar in philly, mostly because Neil is my favorite bartender in philly. Not only is he incredibly knowledgeable about his craft, but he indulges us in creative conncoctions every time we come in. No matter where we plan on spending the rest of the night, this is always our first stop.This place is the Holy Grail: a grown-up and frat-free bar right in the middle of Old City.
Came here with friends for a weekend dinner. It had been on my list of places to try, and one of my friends recommended it because this is her favorite dinner spot in Old City. The place is lovely--dim lighting, lots of wood surfaces, a beautiful bar. The seating is a little cramped but once we got ourselves situated in our booth, we were comfortable.
Our waiter was hilarious. A little bit, shall we say, eccentric, but friendly, jovial, and good-humored.
I spent about a third of my life living in Pittsburgh so it was a big win for me when I saw pierogies on the food menu. I'm not supposed to be eating simple carbs, but ah, hell, I couldn't resist that. And they were perfect. Potato, cheddar, and jalapeno pierogies with sour cream and crumbled bacon. The pierogies were perfectly pan-fried--mealy and yielding on the inside, toothsome and just lightly greasy on the outside. Perfect! I also had a salad with ribeye steak, which I ordered rare. It came out with a deliciously, flavorfully seasoned and seared crust, and a red, near-raw interior. (Actually, this is more like a black-and-blue or "Pittsburgh rare" steak than traditional rare.) It sort of horrified my dining partners but me, I was in heaven eating that!
I had two cocktails here. The first was an old-fashioned, and it didn't have a lot of kick to it. It even tasted a bit watered down. For my second drink, I ordered an absinthe au sucre. [It's time for me to make the "I am easily amused" speech. Caveat: I am easily amused.] I loved the fact that drinking absinthe involved a special trip to our table from the head bartender, who showed up with a big standing pitcher of ice water, a glass with absinthe in it, a sugar cube, an absinthe spoon, and a cigarette lighter. He explained the process, chatted with us at our table, and was really sweet and personable. And the final product was delicious!
Lastly: if you come here, and you are a lady, definitely check out the women's bathroom upstairs. It is loungey and adorable.Excellent hole in the wall in Old City.  We were lucky to catch a table on a night with a live string band...  Very unique and fun! The staff was very attentive and kind.  Overall a very positive experience and highly recommended!Sassafras is a bar that I've been going to for about 5 years, and am never disappointed. The staff has always been very friendly, and I can always expect a good bite and a well made cocktail no matter who is at the bar or in the kitchen. The menu leans more American than in the days that I started going, but the quality has not changed.
The music has only gotten better with time, as live jazz was only on Tuesdays before. Now there are a handful of acts rotating throughout the week, and they all sound great and add to the classic early-20th century vibe. If you like a place that has a definite style, though quiet and unspoken, Sassafras is the place to go. Not long after your first trip they'll even know what you're drinking.This bar was suggested by the waitress at Eulogy as one of her hangouts.  We were not disappointed.  They had all the usual drinks and stuff, but the atmosphere inside sets it apart.  The bar is very old timey inside, like out of the 20's.  The jazz band was cool and not over barring.  I would definitely suggest this place too all.Came here once with my buddies Kevin and Steph before a YEE, and it was a pretty awesome little place. The specials are good, the snacks are decent, and the facility itself, while on the smaller end, gives you a nice cozy feeling. It's definitely a place that you could see yourself sipping a cup of hot cider with that special someone a few days before Christmas while it lightly snows outside. It's also a place you could come down with your buddies during a hop through Center City escapade, so it's rather diverse in its offerings, which is pretty awesome.
Drinks can be made sans-alcohol as well, which is a welcome sight. They still taste quite good, and I'm always stoked by a place that has live jazz, so I'm giving this place a definite thumbs up!
TLDR: Go here! Good drinks, live jazz!I always stop by this bar when in the area. 
Neil is super charming and completely HOT.
Upstairs bathroom is very female friendly.Very cozy! Lovely fireplace. Great place for a cheeky pint.This used to be my absolute favorite bar in Philadelphia---however, the change of head cook made some changes to the menu and favorites like lobster macaroni and cheese are no longer available. The sweet potato fries and aioli are still out of this world and the service stellar. It is great place for a casual date or an escape from the reigns of Old City tourism.Quirky little restaurant with strange decor, probably more of a bar than real sit-down restaurant. I had the hungarian stew and really liked it, but wished I had some bread to go with the flavorful stew. There was live music the day I went too. Overall a decent experience, but the tables were a bit too small/close together for comfort.
Having read the other reviews, maybe I need to revisit to check out the lady's lounge :PThis bar is the classy lady on the block. Dimly lit, with a beautiful full-length bar, cloudy mirrors, and twinkling candles and lamps. The tin ceiling is a find, as are the original, ornately tiled walls. Aesthetically, this bar is a little piece of france buried in the slop of Old City. 
The night I came in there was a soft classical guitar and viola duo, and a few small groups (mostly in 2s) chatting quietly. The bartender is charming - though I would have liked to see an actual wine list versus a verbal listing of grape varieties - he poured me a generous portion. And I LOVE the deer head that hangs above the door. His little ears point through his jaunty fancy hat, silver cigarette holder and unlit smoke dangling from his deer lips. Poncy fellow, that deer. 
If I was trying to impress a European grad student or get into the pants of an art curator, I'd bring him here and sit in the back. As is stands, I'll definitely be back with my honey when the brashness of Old City becomes to much/I LOVED this place! I don't like Old City much, but wandered in here for a late dinner in the pouring rain this weekend. While there were a lot of people there and it was a lively place, we were seated immediately and the warmth and smell of the food confirmed the decision. We split the pulled pork BBQ and got the mac and cheese and "big ass biscuit" and it was all incredible! Boyfriend is a beer guy and according to him, the beer selection was good also. Service was also great. This is by far the best bar I've come across in the area, and we couldn't have picked a cozier, more delicious spot for a cold and rainy night.Pretty classy bar with a very limited selection of alcohol.  As many other posters noted, it is a quiet refuge from the hustle and bustle of Old City...but that also means if you're under 40 you're probably a lot younger than the majority of the crowd.  
The food is better than most bars but not gastropub level.  You can get an Allagash white or an Arrogant Bastard in bottle, amongst others, or a few beers on tap.  The bartenders are pretty cool.  
Check it out if you don't want the scene of Lucy's or the other bars on Market.Great for a date. Intimate and usually have good live music during the week. Bartenders pour good drinks and there are decent food options.Really an impressive, excellent spot. I went with a date on her recommendation, and am glad I did. It was cozy and very unique, with a romantic ambiance and a very chill vibe. Everton was our bartender and he couldn't have done a better job. He was friendly, gave us great historical background on the joint, the building and the neighborhood when asked, and made a great cocktail. The beer list was solid, and they had a great bottle selection as well where I was able to snag a delicious German dunkel I had never had before. The wine options are exceptional and again, a recommendation from our bartender brought nothing but smiles. We split the house made chips and onion dip, as we had just eaten, and it was a great splitter. The music was on point, and the atmosphere was a huge draw and was very appealing. What a fabulous place - I can see why it was one my dates fave spots in the city. Now it is one of mine as well.I loved this place, it's classy and romantic. I had a wonderful time sipping on cocktails and enjoying those amazing sweet potato fries. Oh yeah and Toulouse-Lautrec. ;)Sassafras is a beautiful restaurant, but it's definitely understaffed. 
We ordered the blueberry cobbler for dessert, but it was just a dish of hot sugared blueberries with a dollop of cream on top...where was the Cobb?
I hope it was just a fluke thing because despite being understaffed, our server was collected and kind which is why we didn't mention the missing topping to him. He shouldn't have to pick up the slack of the chef. 
I really do like it here though, so I'm going to come back sometime during the week and review it again.Came here with the aim of getting the ostrich burger and it was delicious! I haven't had a solid burger for ages and this definitely renewed my faith in them. Happy hour drink specials are nice too, until 7pm. The place plays jazz music from 6:30pm which adds to the ambiance which was quaint. The place definitely has character. Love it.Great locals spot. Chill vibe and food is decent also.Great bar, lovely antiquey feel. One of the few places in Old City with some soul. They have beer, wine, cocktails and excellent food. The sweet potato fries were amazing. You will not be disappointed with the portion size either.  I know one of the owners, and he is such a nice guy. They really did a good job with this place.Lovely,  and they don't mind if I sip a Manhattan while sketching for an hour or so.Great atmosphere and Danny and Feurgus are the best. Snow & Tell Scotch Ale is awesome and the spaghetti and meatballs smell heartwarming on a 28 degree day during the biggest snowfall of the year. Wish I was coming back for St Paddys day. Recommended All Stars!3 stars isn't a bad review - it's an OK one...now that I got that out of the way and made that clear, let's go into why it was 3.  The bartender was nice and attentive.  The decor seemed foreign (good), and had this old drinking room feel to it (I want a drinking room now).  It was quite nice in there, with good finishes and attention to detail.  A fine place, a fine time.  Not many people in there, so I can't comment on the scene.  I wish I could though, would've been more fun!I went here two nights in a row on a recent trip to Philly because the food and drinks were so solid. Great selection of drinks and excellent bar food.Steak frites! Steak frites! You have to get the steak frites! I love this dark and dingy bar, the food is incredible and the bar tenders are amazing. They make a solid dark and stormy that goes perfect with my steak frites.Not a fan of a bar condoning racist, loud, smelly, and annoying patrons. That is what I have witnessed multiple times here. The latest time, the Patron said multiple racist comments, stunk like some cheap perfume, and was loud with bombast, yet he was not told to leave. That's my last time. Bye bye.LOVED this bar.  We were walking around after having viewed Independence Hall and surrounding areas.  We stopped in for a beer at City Tavern and then walked over to this little gem.  Everything about this place was right up my alley.  It was a lazy Saturday afternoon and people were slowly trickling in and out of here.  We were able to get a seat at the bar and had a couple of very cold Yuenglings while the bartender chatted us up.  She was super friendly and gave us a few recommendations for the rest of our trip.  Of course I had to check out the bathroom after having read about it and she encouraged my boyfriend to do the same.  Very unique!  On our last day of wandering around this beautiful city we had to stop in here one last time.  This time the bartender was a very friendly gentleman who also treated us very well.  We tried the fried pickles on this visit and they were tasty!  We had a great time and will visit on our next trip next year :)This is one of my favorite bars in Philly.  They have live music almost every night of the week, and for some inexplicable reason it's never that crowded--I can always find a seat at the bar.  It's cozy and low-lit, especially during the winter, but not cheesy or contrived.  Of course, it's a little pricy, but the happy hour is a great value (although it doesn't include any of their speciality cocktails, which are definitely worth trying, even at full price).  I'm only taking away one star for the food, which is usually decent, but nothing special.  One exception: I got the seitan nuggets last time I was here and they were so salty I couldn't finish them--and I like salt.  Overall, the perfect neighborhood date night location.You know what I liked about this place?
It was a bit classier than most of the dive bars in this row. (Khyber pass, etc.)   Nothing wrong with dive bars, but sometimes your in the mood for something a little more subdued.  This is it, if you're in Olde City
Points off, for having the chalk board outside, (on a Saturrday evening) advertising happy hour specials that are only M thru F.   It's only a chalk board.  Fix that.  They honored the pricing, but that's misleading.
The burger the guy at the bar was eating looked nice and thick, but looked like a "prepared patty".
Didn't try the food here, but it looks like a cozy spot, with several options.
Bar tables, small tables away from the bar, and more comfy booths also.
The interior tin ceiling looks original, and it's very nicely done.
I'm going to try this place for dinner next time I'm in Philly.Stopped by this bar on a day trip to Philly and although other bars were grossly packed with drunk bar crawl participants, this bar offered a more quiet and intimate experience. I ordered whiskey and ginger and it was on the stronger side, but that's exactly why I came to happy hour in the first place. I also ordered some truffle fries which were crispy (and we know I love crispy fries) and had the right amount of Parmesan. The bartender was pretty attentive to us and the other patrons which is always a huge plus.Fantastic bar, fantastic staff, fantastic patrons...what's not to like?I'm a big fan of Sassafras. It is a cozy, intimate atmosphere with old-world charm. The drinks are very good here. I've had many different drinks here and they are always strong and delicious. I can't comment on the food, but the items that are brought out always look great, especially the burgers. They have a nice size cocktail lists with classics and new-spins on old classics. The martinis, old fashions, and moscow mules are very good. During the holidays they even had great egg nog and hot spiked ciders. The service is always top notch with very attentive bar tenders who offer suggestions on drinks and can help describe them to you if you aren't familiar with something. There are multiple nice 2 seat tables lining the wall which would be great for a date spot and there are a few larger booths in the back for small groups. 
Every time that I have been here there is always some live jazz music playing at the front of the bar. It is very relaxing and sets a great mood for the place. My friends and I all enjoy this place and frequent it often. It is usually crowded but we have never had a problem getting a seat. This place is a must go!Delicious veggie burger & hummus w/pita plate.  They had good beers on tap and the bartender was very knowledgeable.  Highly recommend!!Food, drinks, decor were all 5 stars! It feels like you are stepping into a late 19th or early 20th century hotel bar. Almost as if it's part of some amusement park's themed bar. Only downside is that space is limited. Lots of two people seats but only 3 big tables. 
But cocktails! I had pomegranate martini, which was sweet but not too sweet and very pretty! All the other cocktails looked interesting and their drink special included rum punch with housemade spice syrup. They also have pretty good line up of draft beer. 
Menu is somewhat limited to regular bar food. BUT their burgers are amazeballs!!! I got 2nd st bison burger which had pickled red onions and fried green tomatoes. The buns are soft toasted brioche (I judge burgers that have bad buns ). The patties are thick and juicy. And omg the fries were the best!! So crisp. Perfect with the aioli that it comes with. They also serve homemade ketchup that's tangy and less sweet than heinz. 
Anyways it's a lovely spot for a date, a hangout, solo drinking by the bar, etc.I took some out of town friends here on a whim and was very glad I did! Great drinks, yummy appetizers and friendly staff. We got the French fries with beer cheese and the Mac and cheese topped with pretzels. Both excellent! 
Only weird thing was the women's bathroom was up a very steep, narrow set of stairs so I'm not sure if this would be handicapped or elderly friendly. As a healthy 29 year old, I felt nervous going down the stairs.Searching for a place in Philly with great cocktails and Martinis was a tad more difficult than I had imagined. I am very thankful that I took a chance on Sassafras. The wine selection is excellent, and the cocktails range from are old fashioned to creative and deliver an alcoholic punch to be reckoned with. Both of the lovely ladies I was with were so amazed after their trips to the women's restroom, that they convinced me to sneak in and snap a photo. I posted it to Yelp to quench your curiosity.Two Irish guys in a bar in Philly serving Ostrich burgers...intimate, not a huge menu but everything we tried was excellent.  If you avoid french onion soup because it's salty and otherwise tasteless, have some at Sassafras and your faith will be restored.  But really come for the burgers - great fresh meet on really nice buns that aren't too little but not so big that they overwhelm the meat.I just recently moved to a new apartment in Old City (reason for my brief Yelp hiatus) and was worried about a finding a bar with the same feel as my old haunts in Powelton Village. Let me be the first to say that these fears were not only unnecessary, but down right stupid. I have always heard "horror stories" of Old City bars and eateries being over run by tourists, loud and obnoxious early 20 somethings, and underage college kids getting black out drunk, but as soon as I sat down at the gorgeous aged mahogany bar at Sassafras I knew I had found my new home. The bartenders (Allie, Chris, Fergus, Karl, and Neal) are all incredibly personable and knowledgeable, and for the first time in my life I really don't mind going to a place alone because they all truly make me feel like I've known them for years.
Let me get this out of the way now, yes, the place is kind of pricey, but it is beyond reasonable for the quality of the food, drinks, and atmosphere. They have a wide selection of house made burgers, Ostrich, Bison, Lamb, Sirloin, and Veggie, and they have an even bigger selection of toppings. Also, they have the best Mongolian Dumplings I have ever had in my entire life, steamed doughy dumplings filled with a mixture of Lamb, Sirloin, garlic, and onion, but be warned, one appetizer order is easily enough to be eaten as a meal. The sweet potato fries are to die for, as are the regular fries, but if you find yourself craving a quick bite after downing a couple of strong drinks you really can't go wrong by ordering the sweet potato fries.
Sassafras is usually full of "regulars" and a more mature clientele, a welcome change from the normal Old City crowd of testosterone fueled college students trying to "rage", and I can't put into words how happy that makes me. Oh, and how could I forget! Sunday, Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday they have live music nights consisting of smooth jazz (stand up Bass, Saxophone, guitar, and sometimes Trombone), which is definitely worth seeing.
If you find yourself in Old City and are looking for a night out with like minded adults at a place with incredible food and drinks, Sassafras is the place for you!Always love going to Sassafras...what a bar should be.  Great bartenders, good music and the food is always on pointWe went for drinks last night, and the place is fabulous. Wonderful atmosphere, and the drinks are carefully crafted and outstanding. Service was attentive and gracious. I would go back In a heartbeat, and recommend it to everyone.Walked in with my husband and another couple.  We were there on a Wednesday night celebrating my husband and friends birthday.  Nothing huge just a night out for drinks in the city.  Stopped in since we saw it had good reviews.  From the moment we walked in we were instantly greeted by the friendly bartender.  It was very hot out and we sat by the door.  He kindly suggested we sit in a booth by air conditioning so we'd be more comfortable and took such good care of us.  The other bartender came over to our table as well to introduce herself, both bartenders were accommodating and knowledgeable.  The drinks were wonderful I wish we found this place a lot earlier in the evening as the other places we visited in Philadelphia were not as accommodating.  The ladies room is also quite unique and large and the building is a old historical beauty to see. This place is a gem and I look forward to coming here again.  Please do yourself a favor and visit Sassafras this is an awesome establishment.Definitely worth the 5-star rating.  
The 1st time I visited Sassafras, my boyfriend and I sat at the bar and just had a few beers.  The service was excellent and the staff was very friendly.
Last night we stopped in for the 2nd time, this time for dinner.  Their veggie burger? Ahhhmazing :-D  Flavorful, great texture, and they even got it to crisp a bit on the outside.  How did they do it?  I don't know, but it was awesome.  Boyfriend had a bison burger and was also very satisfied.  The sweet potato fries were hand-cut perfection, and the beer selection was nice.  And, like the first time, the service was excellent.
First-timer? If you use LevelUp, you get a discount (I think it was $5, but I'm not sure).  Can't beat it!Amazing atmosphere to have a drink in. The bartender was wicked friendly and the bar itself had a very inviting ambiance. A large assortment of drinks to choose from. I was only in town visiting but if I end up coming back to Philadelphia I will definitely be stopping by the bar again for several more drinks.Sassafras is a hidden gem in old city. From the outside you would think it was just another tiny dive bar. But, once you enter you will be pleasantly surprised. 
The atmosphere is very intimate. There is dim lighting and small tables surrounding a fire place. The bartenders are all dressed to impress and are some of the friendliest and most attentive servers I've come across in the city. 
Food wise, I've had the bison burger which was juicy and packed with flavor. A little expensive for a burger, but trust me it is worth it. Besides that the only other food I've had here is the cheese board which I split with friends over drinks. We all thoroughly enjoyed it. Everything on the menu looks delicious though, I definitely need to try more of it.
Now, my favorite part about Sassafras, the COCKTAILS. This place makes the BEST dirty martini in Philadelphia. When you order you give them a number from 1-10 on how dirty you want it (beware 8+ is very salty). I usually order mine a 6 and it is perfect!! They also have a nice cocktail list and will make you anything you want. If you want a well made drink in old city this is the place to go!My friend Chris and I went to Sassafras, a bar in Old City with live music and great bar food. On the menu are very basic, accessible items, such as burgers, steak, potato items, and pasta. We started with a Caesar salad and pierogies and each had a burger. He had the ostrich burger and I had the lamb burger with onions and gueyere cheese. I asked for a medium-rare burger, but they gave it to me well-done, so minus points for that. It tasted quite good, though. The sweet potato fries with spicy ketchup and garlic aioli sauces were amazing. The young guitarist serving as live entertainment didn't know a lot of songs, but what he played was pleasant-sounding. I liked the unique martinis. They're all very strong and designed to knock you on your ass. The women's restroom should not be missed. Take a peek inside it when you have a chance because it's unlike any restaurant or bar restroom you've ever seen.What in the world took me so long to check this place out? Oh yeah, it's BURIED amongst the tool-time nonsense that is most of Olde City. If only I knew that this place was covered in idiot repellent, I would have come in years ago. 
The place looks like a European cafe. Beautiful pressed-tin ceiling, looks like original mirrors and the booths have some nice wood work as well. I walked in here on a rainy Thursday after catching a flick at one of the Ritzes and had such a great time with my friend that we ended up closing down the bar. 
There's a great rotating selection of beers on tap, and the bartenders were great at giving recommendations. The staff was great fun, I can't remember the last time I talked with someone about Leonard Cohen while taking in a rare stout at the same time. We didn't eat, but the menu looks like it's got some great choices on it as well. 
I'm giving this 4 stars because of it's location - I know that may not be fair to the venue, but I know I avoid this neighborhood when I can - especially on Friday and Saturdays in the summer. That said, I'm really looking forward to going back, this place is being added into my favorite bar rotation.I couldn't get enough. Thank you, fellow Yelpers for leading to NYC girls to this amazing spot in Old City.  It was a great place to beat the heat on the 4th of July.  The bartender was so nice and the other patrons were so friendly. But really, what the hell do these people put in their sweet potato fries?  It's like crack. 
The place is definitely my kind of spot - I love how a lot of yelpers refer to it as an older crowd...well, I guess if 30s is older to you, then yes.  For me, it's not.  Insert sad face here.  This place has given me yet another reason to go back to Philly very soon.  And next time, I might have to take some fries to go.Quant place in old city. Nice bartender sporting a strong draft list. We also enjoyed a snack if tangy deviled eggs. I will be back to try some of the more exotic burger offerings.The food was good, but the service was excellent. I got the chicken sandwich with the hots, which was pretty good, although they were much hotter than I expected. The portions were average as you can see from some of the pictures posted by others.
The service, however, was fantastic. The gentleman taking our order was very friendly and accommodating. He gave us our space when we needed it, but was attentive. If you want good service, this is the place to go.Great cocktails, but what the F is with the owner? There's 1 guy bar tending and waiting tables on Sunday night of Memorial Day weekend? He's doing a bang up job, but really... I mean, let's get some help in here!The wait for food was quite long (25 min) I ordered the meat and cheese for one listed at $8 and was charged $25. The waiter said post bill the menu listed an individual piece of meat or cheese was $8 and the full platter was $25. Instead of changing the bill he offered a free drink. The menu needs to be clear and concise regarding the prices also the staff should explain these things to a new customer instead of assuming we all know how the menu works. The food was good but the overall experience is telling me to never come back.Great find! We were directed to "Olde City" during our time in Philly and after huge, expensive, dinners all week we decided to try Sassafras Thursday night. Highlights:
- Our bench seats near the fireplace: Very nice!
- Ostrich Burgers: Great! Unique choices of cheese and toppings. I ordered mine with red peppers and feta cheese I believe. There are definitely more unique cheese choices on the menu, however. 
- Sweet Potato Fries: Nice
- BEER!: Great beer choices here! All on-tap...loved it.
Seems like somewhat of a great place to know about in the city. I would come here for a nice unique dinner date or just for a few drinks of some unique/hard to find at a bar beer.Went here for drinks with friends - they had a lavender champagne cocktail special which definitely gets them my vote! Cute, small place and the bartenders were quite courteous.It's weird... the vibe was cool, the service was cool, but the food was just "meh." Started with the Mongolian dumplings, and they were good. Unfortunately, the entrees were really not that great. 
I was really wanting more from the Ostrich burger - I've had Ostrich before, and this kind of reminded me a lot of a normal hamburger. The sweet potato fries may have been cut there, but they were cold and a little mushy, so they also may have been heated up from the freezer. 
Eileen's Croque Monsieur was cold, and the congealed cheese was evidence (should have been oozing from the fresh melt). The tomato soup was not of the thick and creamy variety, which is fine, but that's kind of what you expect with a grilled cheese (let's face it, Croque Monsieur is a fancy way of saying grilled cheese with ham). 
Alas, Sassafras was merely just okay, and left some to be desired. We may check in again to give it another go, but as of now it just blends in with the other Old City spots.Went here a couple of days ago on a whim because we saw wonderful reviews here and this place did not disappoint! The bartender told us about the special, which was spaghetti that day, and it was very delicious! My friend had the burger and it was a great size as well--nothing overwhelming. The service is phenomenal and the women's restroom is pretty awesome too. Will definitely go back some day!I loved the atmosphere in this place. I went there on a Friday night around 9:30 for a birthday get-together, and it was super chill, very mellow vibe that was reminiscent of a speakeasy. Unfortunately, as the night went on it actually became less crowded which was kind of a bummer for a Friday night. I only stayed till about 12 so maybe it picked up thereafter. But honestly, its not a late night crazy party type place so I doubt it. Maybe it was just a slow night...who knows?
I was excited to try their food and drinks from reading all the great reviews. But I wanted to pase myself so I started off with a glass of wine...a $10 glass of wine might I add which was only about 4 oz when served...BULLSH*T!!! This is what really pissed me off. Yes, their glasses are wide and big so obviously they're not supposed to be filled high. I get it. But I know my ounces, and their pour was lite. I should've said something, but I didn't...because who wants to be that guy. But it's the last time I'm gonna keep my mouth shut when served a lite pour here and I encourage anyone in the same situation to stand up for their right to get their $10 worth of wine because that nonsense is for the birds.Stopped in before going to the Ritz based on previous good reviews. Pleasant atmosphere, friendly service- but meat and cheese plate disappointing for $25. Lack of imagination and presentation. 3 hard cheeses- and 2 the same(?). Tasty homemade Perogies and cocktails. And yes, the Black Velvet Guinness drink a nice combinationNice place to stop in. They have a Friendly bar crew,  and a good ambiance.This definitely has an old-school vibe going on. Part French, part New Orleans. I am not quite shure how to describe it.  We were searching for an after-dinner drink after going to Amada.  Slim pickings in Old City!  We were so glad that we found Sassafras (thanks to my yelp app!)  It has a classy and intimate feel. It was busy but not loud so we could talk.  
Reminded me of a bar in New Orleans or France - dark wood, white tile, large dark brown mirrors, waiters in white shirts and ties. They had good beers on tap and a few drink specials on a Sunday night. They have three booths that fit 4-6 people, a bunch of two-tops and a long bar.  
The ladies room is on the second floor up some narrow steps - so just a heads up if you can't do stairs.
The beers were a little pricey, which surprised us when we got the bill.This is a perfect destination. In a perfect world, this is reminiscent of a Parisian bistro. Perfectly weathered tile floors, intimate lighting and a hearty cocktail list and great jazz make this a wonderful date night spot or just a place to strike up a conversation with like-minded souls. I can only speak to the drinks - although the food sounds amazing. Then coming here for years and always wave with a smile on my face thinking I've just escaped to Montreal or Paris for the evening.(this happened on 4/28/2011) 
After a spooky day of fun visiting the Eastern State Penitentiary and a walking Ghost Tour of Olde City, my cousin (a Philly local) and I stumbled upon this fine establishment! The ambiance was great! Beautiful gilded ceiling tin, an awesome deer head with a monocle, cigarette holder and top hat, dark wood, and just so comfortable. Our handsome bar tender made our drinks PERFECTLY! I had a belvedere and tonic (simple yet surprisingly so easy to screw up) and my cousin had a white russian. He made those drinks with love & care! 
Next time I visit Philly, I'm definitely gonna make a point to stop here :)Closed right now (March 2008) but soon to reopen, Sassafras is a pleasant, tin-ceilinged island in the shallow sea that is Old City.  
The finest burger in the city resides here, the lambburger.  Topped with boursin and sauteed onions, this juicy baby blows all other burgers out of the beefy water.  
Super friendly bartender maintains his charm even when his bar is utterly empty on a Thursday night, dispensing fancy-shmancy drafts and cheapie well drinks with equal aplomb.   
I created a wasted scene here once, with lots of crying, shrieking and stomping of my little drunkard's feet, and was STILL welcomed back later when I had recovered myself.  Now that is hospitality.Nice little find in Old City. We came here based on Yelp reviews looking for a cocktail lounge for drinks before our late dinner reservation elsewhere. Yelp did not steer us wrong. It's a small cozy joint. Good ambience, has an old school international vibe to it. Check out the coffered ceiling. We were able to score a 2 place high top across from the bar at 6 on a Saturday. There are some booths in the back. The place filled up as we were there.
The drink menu is interesting and different. Wifey was very happy with the French Snap. I had a Classic Margarita and a Dark and Stormy. Both were tasty and easy drinking, but I feel like they were a little light on the liquor. Maybe it's just me. Drinks were about $10 each. It's not cheep, but pretty much expected prices for a downtown bar.
Another nice thing is it wasn't loud. I don't remember if there was background music at all. There was lots of bar noise from the other patrons but it was pleasant and not overwhelming like other places where you have to shout to hear the people you are with. Wifey and I were able to have a nice conversation.
One thing we were confused about is if you were supposed to go up to the bar if sitting at the table. We entered, sat down, waited a bit. We were discussing if I should just go up to the bar when the bartender came over to get our order. Then the place got busy and we didn't get any attention until a second bartender came on and checked on us. When we were ready to leave we has to flag down the bartender for the check. Maybe I'm getting too used to table service. I dunno.This was a great bar. The drinks were strong so I think it's worth the price. I had the summer Manhattan (which came in a martini glass so that confused me a little) but it was delightful! The vesper was quite strong and wasn't to my taste however. And once things got busy (it was a Saturday night) the service for our table was decidedly less attentive. But overall, I had a great experience. Would definitely come here again.My husband ordered the wings hot and well done, with a basket of sweet potato fries. I ordered the tomato mozzarella sandwich.
I absolutely dig the soundtrack they have playing here. Totally laid back..
Our order arrives and my sweet potato fries with dressing are absolutely perfect! They are crunchy and perfectly seasoned, and the dressing, although advertised as spicy, isn't, and it's delicious!
The mozzarella sandwich has fresh made mozzarella and is perfect on a brioche bun!
I am not a huge fan of basil, and forgot to ask for it on the side, but it was still very good.
My husbands wings are a decent size and are unbreaded. They arrive exactly as he ordered them, well done and hot.
He also digs right in to the sweet potato fries.
They really are delicious!!After being harassed by an entire troup of d-bags at Eulogoy, I was ready to get the hell out of the area but wanted a drink.  Like NOW.  So we ended up walking in here - the place was welcoming and I loved the name (I will totally buy a wine I know nothign about if I like the label).
I liked the atmosphere in here.  Mellow, quiet.  Groups of people just talking quietly and enjoying themselves.  The fireplace smelled great and was a huge boost in the ambience department.  It's a little spot of goodness in an area that otherwise leaves me feeling disappointed.
The bartender was great - I can't recall his name (but he was adorable and should totally be my boyfriend.  At least until Ryan Gosling realizes that he wants to marry me).  But I told him what I was in the mood for and he suggested and then made a really good cocktail (a Vesper) that hit the spot.  He also suggested SoutWwark's when I talked about going to Apothecary.  In retrospect, I wish I had taken him up on his suggestion.
I didn't eat here but I really enjoyed the atmosphere and the drink (and the bartender - hee).The deer with a hat and a cigarette holder hanging from its mouth was mounted on top of the bar, I sat at the bar and ordered the Spaten Octoberfest on tap, well it was something else, Pol-something (rats, can't remember the name), but anywho, it was really delicious, a nice recommendation by the bar keep. It took me forever looking at the menu, the print was so frigging small, it was absolutely unreadable, so I took the recommendation again and ordered the lamb chop with Mongolian sauce, with mashed yam, but he came back a bit later and told me they were out of yam, so mashed potato instead, no big deal. The lamb was perfect, cooked medium rare, just the way I like it, the sauce tasted a lot like hoisin, too sweet to my taste, but sorta good w/ the lamb, the side spinach had a hint of garlic was equally good, I could eat a big plate of this spinach all by itself. This place was very nice, comfortable, more of a bar than a cafe, this is what I think a neighborhood bar should be, friendly bartender, decent chow, reasonable price, even though they have a few TVs, this is not a sport's bar, the Eagles was playing the Raiders on telly that night, but I don't think anyone in there paid an ounce of attention to it. Their restroom have the tiniest sink I've ever seen, and took me a few min to find the paper towel dispenser above my head. A great bar in the Old City.Besides the very dapper deer hanging above the beautifully decorated bar, Carl and Karrie were/are the best bartender I've had.
Their service and personality are by far, one of the few most entertaining and personable ones I've encountered in Philadelphia. They made sure everyone had a chance to order and showed off their amazing skills behind the bar. 
My fiancé had the Sidecar cocktail that was favorable with a citric aftertaste. I haven't had a chance to eat there yet, but so far, I can see myself being a regular. 
The area is very well kept and clean, the bathroom for women upstairs is HUGE and never dirty! That alone says a lot about the restaurant and bar.Really enjoyed Sassafras.  Very small bar in old city, with a focus on cocktails.  Easiest place to walk past without reailizing, especially when the entire street is filled with bars and clubs.  This place is much quieter than some of the other places on the street.  
Friendly and capable bartenders who know how to pour a real drink.  
A good place to meet up with people and hang out, chat and what not.Love this place.
A nice non-Old City oasis in the middle of Old City. We usually come here before seeing a movie. The food is great and interesting, the staff is really nice. Some crazy old man kept trying to talk to me and the bartender diverted attention for me.
One gripe:
Delicious, but VERY weak Bloody Marys.Nice beer selection, good prices, friendly bartenders with killer accents. Seems to be an older crowd, but I'd take that over the fratty atmosphere in the surrounding places. They played excellent music (Bon Iver, the xx, The National). Plus, the best women's bathroom I have ever seen in a bar.This place is a gem in Old City! Delicious cocktails, friendly bartenders, and live jazz. It's refreshingly different from the either stuck up or frat boy atmospheres of other local bars. 
We stopped in Sassafras for a light dinner and drinks. They didn't have the drink I wanted, so the bartender made something special for me. It was some kind of coffee and whipped cream cocktail and tasted just like a cappuccino. They have all kinds of burgers: sirloin, bison, ostrich, and veggie. I opted for a chicken sandwich, which was cooked perfectly juicy and wrapped in generously buttered bread. 
Everyone inside was so friendly. We chatted with the bartender for a while, and one of the other patrons bought us a drink because he thought he was cursing too much and ruining our dinner (he wasn't, but it was a nice gesture!). The live jazz really set the mood as well.From the first time I walked in the door I have loved Sass for late-night drinking. It's warm and cozy and comfortable, with a nice big bar and super friendly/talented/awesome bartenders - everything a bar should be, really. Today we tried it for lunch, and I was equally pleased. The hot wings made my nose run, which is the test of a good hot wing, and the sweet potato fries were the best I've ever had. I also had a bite of my lunch buddy's grilled cheese, and it was excellent. The perfect thing to warm you up on a cold and rainy day is lunch and booze at Sass.Sassafras was a tragic disappointment as often well conceptualized but poorly executed restaurants can be.  
The atmosphere is neat - very cute indeed. In fact, I wouldn't hesitate to come back here for a drink, but that's about it. 
The menu LOOKS as if a phenomenal gastropub experience is on the horizon, but unsuspecting guests beware! The execution of said menu is lacking. Generally speaking, things were either poorly or under seasoned but the most disappointing item we got was the steak sandwich. The meagerly portioned, stringy pieces of steak were riddled with fat and gristle... we had to send it back :-( Yuck. 
 Our waiter (also the bartender) was nice - she even offered to buy us a drink, but by that time we wanted out.That Irish bartender makes one hell of a drink. I came here with some friends for a birthday as we were looking for a speakeasy-esque bar but didn't want to venture to Rittenhouse. The ambiance was perfect- the music was jazzy, the lighting was low, the bartenders were dressed in shirts and ties and there was plenty of seating at the bar. After a first round of beer we switched over to a concoction of gin, cucumber and basil that the bartender called a "saint rick". Now I'm not normally a gin drinker but hooooly craaaaap these things were good. Definitely recommend this place, especially if you aren't into the dress codes and wait lists that some other bars have.The drinks, ambiance, and service were all excellent. We were constantly entertained by people confused about how to enter and exit the establishment. An arrow or sign might be helpful! Also the women's restroom is a must!The food and drinks were prepared to perfection.  My congratulations to the chef and bartender for preparing an excellent dinner and drinks.   We were a party of three, celebrating a special occasion.   We started with the appetizers;  their special of the evening was green tomatoes staffed with goat cheese and spinach and we also ordered pierogies.   Both appetizers were tasty.  I especially liked the staffed tomatoes.  The dinner choices are also excellent.  Some times bar food is not the best feature of a bar.  However,  this place offers exceptional meals and drinks. 
I highly recommend this bar if you are visiting Philadelphia.  It is a small place with a few tables.  So get there early to get a table, or there is always room at the bar.If you want a mature, small cozy place in Old City where you can have a drink and a conversation Sassafras is your place. I am a definite regular here since I moved into the area. All of the bartenders are the sweetest guys and greet most of the clientele by name. I tend to go on Sundays to hangout and watch football. The bartender Chris always asks how my fantasy team is doing (#1) and helps me mock my boyfriend's team (10/12). 
The food is delicious and you can't go wrong with the sweet potato fries. They are in my opinion some of the best in the city.  Pretty much everything on their menu is scrumptious, but I never miss an opportunity to have the sweet potato fries. 
The woman's bathroom is more like a small studio apartment with couch included and murals line the walls. The men's bathroom I'm pretty sure is a converted broom closet. Also keep an eye on the deer above the bar, he changes outfits with the seasons/holidays.
All in all, if you want a place that is more mature and less cliche Old City, go to Sassafras.