Loved the food and atmosphere!
Instead of charcoal under the grills they use specially compressed coconut.  Behind the bar they have a massive coconut bin for using fresh.  The rice was perfectly cooked, moist, and infused with coconut.  Their spices are made in house, and are very flavorful.  Everything can be made halal; they asked if we wanted our tofu cooked on a separate grill than the meat.  The food is straightforward, bursting with Malaysian flavor, and what I would describe as "clean" food.I lived in Singapore and moved back to Philadelphia a few years ago. I tried all the "Malaysian" restaurants in this area - no place in Philly reflected true Malaysian/Singaporean cuisine - until now!!! Here I was able to order real nasi lemak! Awesome beef rendang too LAH! Extremely happy that this place opened - now I just have to hope they open for lunch and also start selling sambal and kaya to go!!!! Highly recommend - had a fantastic dinner.The meat is great.  I highly recommend getting the beef, chicken, and the pork. The pork is the most flavorful of the three. A little pricey but totally worth it.  The coconut toast is a great way to end the meal if you are in Philly go here.Our new favorite spot! Food was delicious! Right mix between flavor and heat. My favorite was the pork dish and the rice with nuts that comes wrapped in a plantain leaf.The food was good, but just good- I had higher expectations for the skewers. The portions were small and the beef dish with coconut was amazing. And it's BYO. The staff was young and not helpful for some crazy menu item namesIf you don't love this place, you probably don't appreciate authentic Malaysian food. 
We've been in the States 9 years since we moved from Singapore, and have been searching high and low for a legit Malaysian / Singaporean cuisine.  We've lived in SF, LA, NYC... And finally, we had found THE PLACE, right here, in Philly! 
At first we were skeptical, but the simplicity of the menu really caught our eye - a restaurant that actually specializes, instead of offering pad Thai in a Malaysian restaurant, like most places do.  We ordered Nasi lemak, Mee Hoon Goreng and toast + soft boiled eggs (our few favorites from home).  When they arrived delicately packed in banana leaf, we knew this was going in the right direction.  
At first glance the meal looked simple.  Once we took a bite, it took us 9000 miles back home!! The sambal was to DIE for.  I almost felt tears in my eyes thinking about the mornings my mum would buy these for breakfast (yes, we do eat these things for breakfast), and I would always smear chilli all over my rice before drowning the meal with my Teh-O (also available in the restaurant!).
The best part is, the heart and soul of everything you eat (including the sauces) are curated by the owner, using her grandmother's recipes.  It doesn't get more authentic than this!
Obviously we ordered another serving of the mee Hoon. Just too good.
We love this place and are so disappointed that it was a 2 hour drive away... But regardless, we are looking forward to return! 
Angie, stay true to your roots and keep this place authentic! We love your food, you definitely do your grandmother proud :)This is my new FAV spot! Try everything. Your plate will always be flavorful and super delicious. My wife and I can't believe we have not heard of this place before. Hidden gem in Passyunk. Go again and again. Great service and atmosphere.Came here on a casual and cute date night. We loved the food but I found it a bit pricey for servings and food type.
The satay was great! Everything we ordered was gone within minutes and the peanut sauce was amazing. The only thing for me was that I am used to street food like this being quite cheap, whereas I found it too expensive for such small orders.
We also ordered the Kerabu (nice refreshing salad), Rendang (great great, well flavored, must get), Nasi Lemak, Nasi Ulam (the sambal was very spicy for me, but I'm not great with spice. Either way, rice dishes were delicious).
Additionally, we got the stingray special and the order was HUGE. We ended up bringing most of it home, as we were full off of our other dishes.
Overall, good food and would come back, but I'm not running.Rare occurrence of a Malaysian Kopitiam in Philly!
Had the chicken satay, beef rendang and vegetable achar. Rice cakes (ketupat) not available that night.
The ice lime tea was ok (a bit weak on the lime juice) but overall it was an enjoyable evening with pretty tasty food. The beef was well cooked, tasted similar to readings I've had in KL, Bali and was not spicy at all (tasted more sweet than anything). Achar was lightly pickled and consisted of carrots and cucumbers (covered in a peanut sauce??) - could do with a bit more variety in vegetables (cabbage, cauliflower, green beans? etc).
The dining room got very busy and loud as the night progressed and most of its tables could seat two to four people (could have handle larger groups at a pinch) but the dining room didn't look that large overall.
It is a BYOB restaurant (being a Halal friendly restaurant) so no pork or alcohol on the menu.
Overall, pretty good rendition of Malaysian hawker food, pricing is about right given we're in East Pussyunk and let's face it, good South East Asian food in the USA is not that easy to find (amongst Cantonese and western/pan-Asian food options out there). Worth a visit if you're looking to try South East Asian food!We had a sensory delighting brunch this past Sunday.  Blazing flavors of coconut, chile, crunchy fried anchovies and peanuts nestled inside a banana leaf.  Streamlined modern vibe and a strong cup of coffee to boot.  We'll be returning!It's taken me a while to getting around to trying SK, but damn it was worth it. I was a tad hesitant, because reading through the menu nothing really jumped out at me. The names and descriptions of the dishes really don't so it justice. 
It's a BYO, and we were seated quickly on a rainy Saturday night. The place smells wonderfully of grilled meats. The lighting is great, definitely not like one of those super dark wannabe NYC clubs. Service was a little uncoordinated, but to be fair it seemed like they got slammed with walk ins very suddenly and were not staffed to meet that influx. But they were apologetic and clearly trying their best. 
The food was killer. We had the pork skewers, rendang, and bungkhis. All were amazingly flavored, not too spicy, and just the right amount of food for two people to feel full. I think all of that was like $40 + tax and tip.  Totally on point for two people. 
SK is definitely kid friendly while simultaneously being a good date spot. 
SK congratulations on the James Beard Award! Keep it upI never leave Yelp reviews but everything at Sate Kampar was amazing!!! We got the nasi lamak bungkus. Oh my goooood. Definitely spicy, but so delicious if you can handle the heat. The anchovies add a surprising texture--they're crunchy! 
Monday nights from 8-10pm are sate happy hour. $15 for 10 sticks. We got goat and beef. Get the goat. You won't regret it!!! Beef was okay, a little too well done for my taste, but the goat. Guys. The goat. I really can't stop talking about the goat sate skewers. SO GOOD.
The pulled iced tea and cham were excellent! I can't remember what our dessert was called, but it was the perfect ending to a delicious meal. The wait for the dishes is a little long, but it was 100% worth it. I'll probably be back every Monday!!First visit, food and service spot on.
I had Babi Saté Malaka and Nasi Ulam. I had half of my wife's Mee Hoon Goreng Bungkus. New flavors for both of us, and we'll be back.
My wife is a somewhat picky eater and even she loved her selections. Fortunately, she never finishes her food, so I got to double down. 
--Fantastic!   The braised beef with coconut is delicious and the wings are the best.  Skewers are good but entrees are the way to go!   The spicy kale salad was also yummy.Called the restaurant and got a voicemail with their hours saying they were open and do not take reservations. Took a 20 minute taxi down to the restaurant to find out they were closed for a private event. There is no website. Please be aware that you can never know with certainty this restaurant will actually be open. Horrible. Go at your own risk. Buyer beware.Service was really, really slow. I think we waited forty minutes for about five dishes. I don't think the waiters were at fault so much as the kitchen was slow and the waiters were overburdened. The restaurant was only 3/4 full. I'm not sure why they don't hire more people.
The dishes themselves were small and not very filling. I'm a vegetarian, so we ordered a few vegetable dishes with a side of rice, and it seemed like they just gave us a bunch of produce from the grocery store with some sauce on the side. I left full but not satisfied.A very nice restaurant with a cozy vibe and terrific, friendly service: u-shaped bar in the center of the room, open kitchen with grills toward the back.
We stopped in for a quick dinner, ordering the Sambal Wings (special), which were awesomely spicy, fried wings with minced cucumber, and the everyday Nasi Lemak Bungkus, which was, as self-described, "a fragrant, flavorful, magical packet of malaysian awesomeness! coconut cream-soaked rice topped with sambal, roasted peanuts, crispy anchovies and hard-boiled egg, all neatly wrapped in afresh banana leaf."
Will definitely return.Quite an unexpected place to find Hainanese pork satay - halfway around the world from the SE Asia: very close to the original version in Melaka, Malaysia where the owner comes from. The pork satay is sweet, the pineapple/peanut sauce is tangy - odd combo, but the taste works very well together. Eat the satay with sliced cucumber/shallot and rice dumpling to complete the experience. 
There are other Malaysian food in the menu if satay isn't your thing. I tried the nasi lemak with fish soufflé - the fish soufflé is pretty darn good while the nasi lemak was just OK for me.
This place also serves a mean version of the tea/coffee of any combinations available in Malaysia/Singapore (the menu has an extensive explanation with picture of what each combination consists). The owner told me that the tea/coffee are specially imported directly from Malaysia. Hint: the owner are pretty knowledgeable about authentic Malaysian food/drink and are willing to explain to you if you have any questions or just to talk about it in general (maybe when they're not busy - I've tried to always visit during non-peak days/hours)
The restaurant itself isn't very big, so be prepare to wait if you come to the weekend. I'll definitely try to make the weekend brunch 1 of these days whenever I'm back in Philly.
Just like everything else in this area, finding parking is quite an adventure by itself, especially in the weekend. 
All and all, a good place to get authentic Malaysian food in the area although the price isn't the cheapest compared to other Malaysian places in other cities - it's the price to get items with authentic taste that aren't available on those other places.Mouthwatering authentic Malaysian street food! It is a true taste of home! Highly recommend the nasi lemak bungkus, rendang daging (slow-cooked braised beef), sate kajang chicken and beef! The teh tarik goes well with the meal! Can't wait to go back for more!!!I am a lucky duck to have experienced the best of Malaysian food, having lived in the country for several years.  It's a savory cuisine with a mix of thai, indian, indonesian, chinese influence, and those who have enjoyed Malaysian food, always go out of their way to seek it.  Malaysian food is not easy to cook, given the variety of ingredients and richness of aromatic spices used in the cuisine. 
I was super excited to try out this place. I figured given their limited menu, that means they are mainly focused on their specialties - so my enthusiasm peaked. 
Overall, food was OK. Passable, but disappointing.  I can barely taste the coconut in the rice, the sauces were less aromatic, spices were watered down.  Not rich in flavor.  Portion sizes were tiny compared to the prices charged. 
The Teh Tarik tasted watered down, compared to the real thing.
It's a good introduction to Malaysian food, and it's worth checking out for the adventurous eaters.This place is a great and unique option on East Passyunk Ave. We have been there a few times now and it is always consistently good. I've had the tofu satay, very good, and the pickled veggies (amazzzzing) and a rice noodle dish. There are a few different vegetarian options. Great byob option in the area!I don't have a lot of experience with Malaysian food. I will say from what I can tell though, the food was legit! The flavors were fresh and deep and I'm so glad we tried it. My only caution is that I thought the portion sizes were really small, especially for the satay so order a few things to keep full. Based on their menu and awesome coffee pics, can't wait for them to open a brunch menu! Try this place out and if you are worried about a wait time, then make a reservation ahead of time!The food is so yummy, get the rendang daging. Soooo good! Get a side of rice too :) great service and yummy tea - and it's BYOB!!!Really great food and service. The price was pretty high compared to other Malaysian spots in the city.AMAZING. I've eaten here for brunch and dinner and both times I was very impressed. The food is completely different from anywhere else I've been in the city. Everything is delicious and affordable. You can get a great meal for $10-15 per person and that includes too. The staff is super sweet and graciously answered all of my questions. Will gladly come back.The flavor is similar to any other Malaysian restaurant. The portion size for a weekend brunch is utterly disappointing. Too much white rice and not enough gravy to eat along. One can literally count the few anchovies thrown around with half an egg in Nasi Lemak. One of the very rare disappointing places to eat in Philadelphia.Excellent, authentic cuisine, cool Malaysian street decor, and great service. 
Now I know what my saté has been missing-- love! I may never be able to eat "satay" elsewhere now. We sampled all of the meat-based saté sticks, all wonderfully seasoned and grilled to perfection: crispy outside but juicy inside. Saté kajang was my favorite (try the goat!) but the pork saté malaka was sweet and amazing too. Bungkus (wrap) is a personal choice: I loved the teeny tiny vermicelli of the mild, velvety mee hoon goreng bungkus, but my husband dug into the spicy nasilemak bungkus (spicy rice mixture) and left no traces behind! We shared small plates of rendang daging (beef), which was by far the best we've ever had; and ayam kurma (chicken and potatoes), which was creamy and delicious, with spices reminiscent of India. 
It's byob, and cold lager was a good fit for this menu, although drinking a real coconut looks refreshing too, perhaps with a drop or two of byob rum. Stay and try the yummy, authentic coffee, tea, or milo (chocolate malt) drink, and thick toast smeared in homemade coconut custard. Heaven!Had a great meal here during their opening weekend. I have a feeling this place is going to be pretty popular so was glad to get a table and spend some time talking with our waiter and the owners about their new joint. 
The food was truly outstanding. The flavors were complex and vibrant. All the spices and sauces are home made and the meat is grilled on an open grill using coconut charcoal (don't ask me what that means but it was delicious and smelled amazing). 
The menu is pretty simple but what they do, they do very well. One of the owners said she makes all the spice sauces herself using fresh and often imported ingredients. Honestly, you know it's going to be a special meal when someone puts that much care and attention into what they make. 
I highly recommend this restaurant if you are in search of authentic Malaysian cuisine or if you're just looking for an outstanding, affordable dining experience.Let me start by saying that by no means did I not enjoy Sate Kampar, but I was expecting a whole lot more.  We were seated right away on a busy Saturday night, about 8pm.  Our server was very knowledgeable about the menu and explained to us how to read it and how to choose your dishes based on how the menu was laid out. He recommended one "shareable" plate as the "base" of our meal, the plate that would be the largest & most filling. There were two of us and we chose the Otak-Otak Nyonya (a super tasty fish souffle) for $9. Considering we were hungry we also ordered a "personal" plate to share, Nasilemak Bungkust $8 (coconut cream rice, sambal roasted peanuts, crispy anchovies, etc. wrapped in a banana leaf). We also chose 5 goat skewers and 10 pork. Our two dishes came out--if that what you want to call them. The Otak-Otak Nyonya was the fish souffle wrapped in a banana leaf, it was literally the size of a dish sponge, if not smaller--and this was our "shareable" plate. As we tried to evenly distribute the small portion we had to work with between the two of us we also went ahead to reveal the next banana leaf dish, Nasilemak Bungkus--pretty much just some rice thrown into a leaf with some roasted peanuts on top and a hard boiled egg. Luckily, we still had some more food on it's way...the skewers. The skewers were great. They were flavorful and tender, but sadly I didn't spend $60 (this is without alcohol since its BYOB) to eat a bunch of skewers. 
I definitely expected more to this place since I've heard such great things, read a million reviews and walk by to a packed restaurant almost everyday. Sure, I understand the Malaysian 'street-food" culture of small plates & what Sate Kampar was going for, but I certainly don't want to leave a restaurant hungry after 2 plates, 15 skewers and $60 dollars later. #morebangformybuckI actually was really unhappy about the meal I had at brunch. 
I specifically came for some classic dishes I was craving, things with coconut rice, but after 3-4 mentions, we felt persuaded into the "brunch special" instead of the menu items I was eyeing. 
My husband gave in and thought we should also have the brunch special since we were shown that everyone else also had the brunch special. 
When we got it I was disappointed in what was offered at $35. Thimbles of black tea at a time. 2 small bowls of rice. A small 2 spoons of pickled squash (what I thought was originally described as a larger portion of vegetable side or included in the soup. And then the soup itself was large spare ribs but mainly very fatty pieces of meat that had been boiled to tasteless. There was a soy sauce to drizzle over meat which helped, but sad to do that to spare ribs. I'm not a fan of tofu at all, and especially extra firm. The only other items in soup were some button mushrooms and then whole spices. The soup broth was ok but not a soup I wanted as everything seemed flat, one note flavor profile. 
For the "small $35, I'd rather spend $16 at Pho75 and really have a fulfilling and flavorful and fresh meal. 
I really wish we weren't talked out of our original cravings. Next time I'd like to go for dinner and get everything i really wanted. It was a 5star meal the first time we had dinner here.Malaysian street food on passyunk avenue- had to give it a try! It's a BYOB so husband and I stopped by the bottle shop for dinner. We had lamb beef and chicken skewers. I honestly was not a fan of the lamb but it may just be my personal preference (chewy and fatty). The skewers were well made and the decor of the restaurant was laid back. There is a bar there for coffee drinks and would love to try it soon. Staff were polite and were really interested in feedback. I did find the skewer portions were small for the price so I wouldn't be able to make this my weekly spot - will be back for the coffee drinks and ambiance however.GO IMMEDIATELY! I had dinner here last night for probably the tenth time since they opened. This place is a GEM, completely undervalued on the Avenue. My boyfriend and I were the last table (we sat down with a bottle of wine around 945 pm) and despite the fact that they are open til midnight, we were the last table! 
As vegetarians, we frequently order the tofu satay (peanut sauce is on point!) And the Kerabu salad to share...they are perfect together (esp with my new favorite purple drink I talk about below) ... the specials all sounded Amazing but no meat for us... 
We got to sample some special drinks from the bar and oh my word if you are seeking a refreshing summer drink STOP IN NOW-- they have this incredibly fresh butterfly pea drink that CHANGES COLOR with the squeeze of a lime-- and a coconut one that literally feels like its healing your sunburn from the inside out. 
ALSO, the Kopi (coffee and evaporated milk) and Chan (coffee tea milk) are Amazing. If you have dinner definitely get a tea or coffee at the end!
5 stars - Feel the Love - family run - Delicious 
(But like, I totally couldnt take my parents here because they have a more "traditionally American palatte" and are the kinda ppl who shy away from "exotic flavors" -- this is to say I BET the only reason sate doesnt have 5 stars on average is because of people like my parents just completely missing the obvious awesomeness of this menu and staff)
ENJOY!!!Came here because it is a James Beard semifinalists for best new restaurant in America 2017. I was not disappointed! Although... I was sad to find out was there are no skewers for lunch. We tried 4 of the 6 lunch options and loved them ALL. I crave their coconut rice!!! Can't wait to come back for dinner to try the skewers.Had the chicken kajang which was really good. The pickled veggies were also good (ku-mah's achat). Also had Mee hoon goreng bungkus and nasi lemak bungkus which was my favorite. Comes served in a banana leaf with crispy anchovies. Definitely a great place to try if looking for something different and unique.An authentic Malaysian restaurant pouring out food prepared with love and passion , from homemade peanut and chili sauce the freshest ingredients it's worth a try to all adventurous patrons. Must try dishes are goat sate , rice with anchovies , beef rendang , and the desert with palm liquor . The passion is ultimately proven with the fact that they import there fuel for the grills directly from Malaysia, look around and you find artifacts from Malaysian street vendors !  Next open true robata grill which Philly is lacking !OH. MY. GOSH. This was so very delicious. The flavors and the aroma and the vibe...so excellent. The way the textures and flavors play out in all of the dishes is just divine. We were on our way to a movie but after my first bite I really just wanted to stay longer and try most things on the menu. The place is great...small... but chicken grills perfectly in an open kitchen and fills the space with the enticing aroma of everything that's good. Of course the sate is delicious with the perfect peanut dipping sauce. But most of the menu is served in handwoven cocunut leaf packets. Fish, peanuts and sauces and chicken, pork, pickeled veggies, curries..I could go on and on. AND...it's a byob. I'm going back..maybe even tomorrow. I would give five stars...but it took pretty long for our food and two of our orders didn't make it to the table. That was disappointing. But the food wasn't. Believe me. (We dined early..5:30 6:00ish. It was already crowded. This place doesn't take reservations so if you want a table, you might need to expect a wait. But it's worth it.)If there was a zero rating option I would pick that. it took 45 minutes to get my food all I order was a tiny little stick of meat that would take 3 minutes to prepare. These people are amateurs.I really enjoyed Sate Kampar, the staff was excellent in dealing with extreme food ordering preferences (gluten free, dairy free, sugar free, everything free, etc) and there were a number of options that satisfied my needs.
Great strong coffee, wonderful service, intimate setting. Sate Kampar is a great spot for a date or to meet up with a friend for meat on a stick. I'll definitely be back.Invades your senses the minute you walk in. The favors are well balanced, food is beautifully presented. We had the Achat (pickled veggies), Otak-Otak (fish soufflé with kaffir lime leaves and coconut cream steam in a banana leaf), goat sate, and pulled tea (much tastier and less sweet than Thai tea)!
Wonderful meal and great service- very friendly and helpful in choosing menu items.This place is such a hidden gem in Philly. I came here on a Saturday morning and it just so happened to be there brunch time. The brunch menu offers a good selection of dishes and the prices are amazingly cheap! I kid you not, this place is the BEST place for tourists and customers to get their bang for their buck. The brunch menu had dishes priced at $7 to $9. Literally everything was less than $10. Anyways I ordered the nasi ulam, nasi rendang bunkus and mee hoon goreng bungkus. All the dishes were great and so flavorful. They do have a spicy kick to it from the sate sauces, but all is worth it. Absolutely delicious and filling.
There is ample seating all around the restaurant and one can even eat at the display window area. The staff are also super friendly and happy to explain the menu in further detail if needed. Seriously, people need to start eating here.Love Sate Kampar, but I've been a bit more wary of eating here due to inconsistency. 
We usually get a flight of skewers (goat is the best imo), the coconut rice with the braised meat- rendang. But the rendang texture has been inconsistent every time we've gotten it. Flavors are still good for the rest of the food. 
Drinks: Cham is amazing, hot and cold. Usually I get it cold, perks me up nicely and has amazing flavor. Also love the straight up coffee. 
Definitely check it out, it is still my boyfriend's fav go to restaurant and I still enjoy it every time we go!Authentic mom and pop SE asian joint.
Limited menu but everything is done close to perfection. I've tried almost everything on the menu over 5 visits and have not had a bad dish.
Things I liked: 
BYOB, kid friendly, friendly staff, flavorful without being over-powering.Delicious! Went with a group of friends and it was a great experience trying about 75% of the menu.   Not a ton of options but everything was great.  A lot of vegetarian and vegan options without sacrificing taste. Service was great.  We brought wine and added the berry liquor as a mixer. It was delicious.  Great atmosphere and fun to see the open air kitchen.Sate sate sate!! It's my favorite. Tender and flavorful varieties of protein. My toddler loves this place.The most authentic Malaysian food I have had in the US. Not your run of the mill variety. The menu is concise with a good assortment. We had the pleasure of speaking with the owner and chef Angie. Her passion for food is very apparent. The details in the quality and authentic ingredients makes this restaurant a 5 star.Overrated. We were super disappointed after we were told how good this place was. Every dish we had lacked flavor. One and done hereI knew I had to pay Sate Kampar a visit when I saw the array of charcoal-grilled sate and beef rendang on the menu. I went with a friend for dinner around 6:30pm on a Sunday night. The restaurant was not crowded, so we were quickly seated.  We started with 5 sticks of sate kambing. The meat paired with the accompanying chili peanut sauce was a tasty, satisfying appetizer. The waiter kindly left the sauce when he took away our empty plate. Then came the nasi lemak bungkus and rendang daging. The nasi lemak bungkus is meant for one person, a fancy bowl of rice to eat with side dishes. The rendang was fragrant, rich with the sweetness of coconut milk with a subtle touch of warm spices. Swirling the rendang and chili peanut sauce into the rice made each mouthful absolutely amazing.
This time I didn't have the room in my stomach for as many dishes as I would've liked. So, I'll be back to try the drinks, the nightly specials, and definitely more sate!Great addition to the neighborhood! My husband and I were not sure what to expect at a Malaysian restaurant but the staff did a great job explaining the food and how the menu worked. We tried both types of sate, one had a slightly spicier peanut sauce which I loved. We tried both asi rice dishes which were probably our favorite dishes of the night. They were good on their own but even better accompanying the meat dishes. The spicy asi lem rice was topped with crunchy anchovies. It may sound questionable but it was delicious! Another highlight was the rendang beef. It was very flavorful and super tender. We ordered the ketupat which looked very impressive but was not our favorite. Sate is BYO but if you forget beverages there is a bar across the street and The Bottle Shop just up the street. We will be back.Nice atmosphere. We ordered pretty much half of the menu. The only thing i would skip is the dumplings which didnt really feel like dumplings, just a brick of dense rice. But the skewers and meat dishes were all solid. Eat the skewers as soon as they come out cuz if they get cold they get gross. Honestly for the amount we ordered the price was great. We would come back again.I really wanted to like SK, I really did. 
But I ended up loving it. I just wasn't ready for that kind of commitment, but as Fate would have it, we even have the same last initial (stop reading if you don't believe in these signs).
I've spent a lot of time in Malaysia, visiting my sister who lived in suburban Kuala Lumpur for eight years. Over the years, I came to love the Malaysian flavors, customs, traditions, even their superstitions (you don't flip over the whole fish while eating it; it's a foreboding of the flipping over of the fisherman's boat!). SK brings all that I love about Malaysia to the eastern seaboard of the United States. 
Beef rendang is a Malayan classic stew that needs to be slow cooked for hours and hours to achieve the right level of tenderness, succulence, and flavor. Just like you can't hurry love, there's no shortcut to the perfect rendang. SK serves the rendang Bungkus style (wrapped in a banana leaf) for brunch, and the regular rendang daging for dinner. Also, if you're here for brunch and want a very tasty wake-up jolt, have a cup of Cham (ginger-infused black tea, coffee, condensed milk). 
Try one of their whole fish specials for dinner, but don't flip the fish over! 
Well, I'm not moving to Philly in the foreseeable future, so this will have to continue to be a long distance relationship. 
Hope that's OK with you, SK.
Love,
KKAmazing! Easily the best Malaysian food I've had, on par with the best meals I had in Malaysia while on vacation in 2005. I highly recommend the Otak-Otak Nyonya, the Nasilemak Bungkus, and the Sate Kajang Ayam. 
Sate Kampar is definitely one of the best Southeast Asian restaurants in the Philadelphia area.  Consistently good also. Been to Sate Kampar several times now, and the food hasn't disappointed me in any way so far. Service is good, the interior is clean, unique, and well kept. The owners are super nice too.So authentic it's even better than what you can find in Malaysia. Singaporean here, but my Malaysian friends say the same. The satays are grilled with charcoal from coconut shells, sambal is the real deal, coffee and tea are basically what you will get at a really good Malaysian kopitiam. Owner is really passionate about the food, which is not something you can find everywhere.We got takeout here and were really impressed by the freshness and interesting coconut, lime, chile, charbroiled flavor combinations running through each dish. Very simple menu, with some strange sounding dishes. Word to the wise that the beef and chicken mains do not come with rice whatsoever. This place appears reasonably priced but can add up, take out for two will be roughly $40. That being said my bf and I love trying new cuisines and it's a good date spot for adventurous eaters.We had a great dinner outing at this Malaysian street food restaurant.  The sate a staple in Malaysian cuisine were A+ and so were all other items. ( we ordered every item on menu including dessert). We wish the owners John and Angela much success and we will be regulars there.This place is so good it is difficult trying new places! Been here multiple times. The goat satay is the best ! Can't go wrong with byob !I am very disappointed about the food there especially I had high expectations before walking in. First of all, I do want to admit that their service is excellent and the waiters are very helpful. This review is purely focused on the food taste not anything else. We ordered a bunch of stuff shared among us three - goat skewer, beef skewer, nasi banana leaf and mee hoon goreng wrap. They all taste a bit sweet to me. Another thing I want to mention is that the portion of this place is too small and we did not feel full after finishing all dishes. If u expect to have a feast, this might not be the best place. I do not know if it is just me not getting used to Malaysian food taste or they just did not do it right. On top of that, they charge way too much for rice which does not make sense to me ... Overall, pretty disappointed!Sate Kampar was my first incursion into authentic Malaysian food. The staff was very friendly and helpful when it came time to choose the type of dishes we tried. I highly recommend the chicken or beef sate and a little spicy dish called Nasi Lemak! You can't go wrong either way! I will definitely be back when I'm in Philly again.Why put online you close at 10pm when you stop seating at 9:30. 
First time here was fine. Good fresh crabs but priceyBeing in the US for about 5 years now, I've travelled to many cities across the country and tried many Malaysian restaurants : in hopes to find a place that could represent the food I grew up with.
Finally, I found Sate Kampar. That made nasi lemak as how it should be served, with all the ingredients and presentation spot on. 
Otak-Otak is very hard dish to create, Sate Kampar definitely did an excellent job on it.
Kampar is a small town in Ipoh, Perak Malaysia. A hometown that I visit very often as I was growing up. I hope everyone could enjoy the authentically made dishes here.
The menu might be limited and a lil pricy for its portion (because Malaysian food is suppose to be cheap) but because they specialize in those dishes, you will get the quality and authenticity out of the dishes.
Good Job Sate Kampar!Coming here is an absolute pleasure every time. The staff is friendly, attentive, and knowledgeable. The owner, Ange, always makes it a point to come out, say hello, and chat with guests. The sate, any kind, is a always a must-have. The rendang daging (braised beef in spices and coconut cream) is just perfect. It is jam-packed with flavor and cooked to perfection. Another one of my favorites is the ayam kurma (braised chicken and potatoes in coconut cream sauce.) It gives this comforting, warm feeling and the coconut flavor is present but not at all overpowering. I highly recommend getting an order of the achat (pickled vegetables) for the table, the flavor is out of this world and it makes a great side. They also have an adorable bar area and I HIGHLY recommend trying one of their kopi (coffee) or tea drinks. What I like most about this place is that I learn something new every time I come in. The owner will tell you a little history about the dishes served or where the day's fish came from. I had never had any kind of experience with Malaysian cuisine before my first time here, and I'm slowly making my way through the menu, which does a great job of describing the dishes and breaking down ingredients in the drinks. I'm not from the area but I make sure to stop in every time I'm around.Horrible service, disrespectful workers, utterly disgraceful to the Malaysian community. Everything in there are not naturally made.Best Malaysian food I've tried in USA.... It is a small and limited menu... But everything is good....Have been here three times now and I think I love it more each time. My go-to order is the tofu Sate Kajang (skewers) and the Nasi Lemak Bungkus (their "magical pocket of Malaysian awesomeness"). The peanut sauce with the skewers is amazing. This time I also had a kopi (coffee with condensed milk), and we shared the dessert I forget the name of -- but is described as a tapioca-texture pearl pudding with coconut cream and coconut sugar. SO GOOD. The staff are always helpful and explain the menu very well. Always a pleasant dining experience with nice aesthetics and well-timed service. Highly recommend checking it out.Great parking for a saturday night, but be sure to bring quarters for the meter.  Friendly staff. Slow service :(  cheap food. If you dont like spicy food, go elsewhere or ask for non spicy dishes.It took them 30 minutes to prepare 5 pieces of chicken saté!!!
After waiting 25 minutes, someone came to apologize and admitted their coals were no longer hot and that's why it took so long. (So why did they not say saté was no longer an option.) I ate those fairly insipid pieces of chicken with great distrust because they were not even close to being crispy. The sauce was good, the chicken and the marinade, not so much. The best thing I had there was their pulled tea. They apologized at the end again and gave me a $3 discount on a very overpriced meal. All in all, neither the tea or the discount made the place a worthwhile stop for me.Amazing food, great prices. Every single thing we've tried here was delicious, but the dish I can't stop thinking about is the rendang daging; beef, slow cooked for 6 hours in an incredibly flavorful sauce. It's a must order!I've been to this restaurant at least five times since it opened. This BYO is a great addition to the Avenue. I wasn't particularly familiar with Malaysian food and the waitstaff are super helpful at navigating the menu. I've gone with both vegans and omnivores- everyone finds plenty that they enjoy. My favorites are the rendang (beef), the papaya salad, and some little pocket of delicious rice with anchovies (can't remember the name!).A great small place with an open kitchen. Great for sharing and trying a slew of different sate. In addition, the wings and vegetable salad is full of flavor - sweet and savory.This place is the bomb dot com.  The food is delicious and fresh, with a real diversity of flavors, even among the rice dishes.  My buddy and I were here for brunch/lunch this Saturday and I still can't stop thinking about this place more than a day later.  I wanted to go back for breakfast this morning!  The staff are kind and solicitous and obviously take pride in their food and their service.  The decor is beautiful--rustic-chic and comfortable. 
We ate from the lunch menu (no sate, just rice and vermicelli dishes) and had the Nasi Lemak Bungkus (salty, fishy, SPICY deliciousness over rice), the Ayam Kurma (peanuty, creamy chicken and potato over rice--yum), and the Nasi Ulam (toasted fish bits and coconut flakes with spicy samba over rice, and a satisfyingly crunchy bean sprout salad on top--our favorite).  We also tried the Mee Hoon Goreng Bungkus, which was perfectly good but the least flavorful dish of them all--probably a good choice for a less adventurous eater, or someone with sensitive taste buds. 
BYO. 
Great tea and coffee drinks.  My dining mate and I had a delicious pulled tea with condensed milk, for the road.  It's fun to watch the staff make the tea and coffee--a beautiful, labor intensive process.  
We were very happy with our experience here and look forward to returning very soon!Was craving skewers last night so we had to pay a visit. It was packed for a Friday night. The restaurant is pretty small and had a good amount of staff working but service and food was a bit slow..
We ordered two entrees (a fish dish & thin noodle dish) and 15 skewers. We ordered the skewers once we got there then decided on our entrees and ordered. Surprisingly, our entrees came out first then skewers a few minute after. The food was really good. However, the fish dish (forgot the name) was very very small. I imagined that to be a little bigger. The thin noodle and skewers were a good portion besides the fish.
Parking can be a pain in a butt especially on a weekend. So be mindful that you might go in circles unless you're lucky and find a spot right away. Definitely recommend coming back for more food and trying other Malaysian dishes.Incredibly delicious food. Friendly, knowledgeable, and attentive staff. Best coffee I've ever had. Can't say enough about this place!I went here with a group the day after opening and it was AWESOME. The food was tasty and the staff was helpful and ready to educate the diner on Malaysian Street Food. It was overall a great experience and I can't wait to go back.Absolutely fantastic! The skewers, sauces, and rendang daging (slow-braised beef) are bursting full of complex flavors and down-right deliciousness. I'm so used to your usual variety of Chinese, Thai, and Indian flavors, but one cuisine I haven't tried much is Malaysian. This is such a wonderful introduction. I was pleasantly surprised by the subtle coconut notes I got in a lot of their sauces. If anything else, I have to recommend the slow-braised beef...we couldn't stop raving about how interesting and addictively tasty it was.Love it!!!! The food and service here is amazing even though they just opened for 2 and half weeks. Each dish we ordered has its own unique flavor that I've never had before. The owners and severs were very helpful explaining the menu. All of the recipes were passed down from generation to generation. No MSG either. Everything exceeded my expectations. There are only 50 seats in the restaurant. I highly recommend this place to everyone and I have a feeling this place is going to be very popular. So go there while you can still get a spot!!Had dinner a few nights ago for a birthday. It was an ok experience, but honesty left me fairly disappointed. Would probably give it 2.5* if that was an option.
Food itself: 
-Goat/pork sate: Good flavor, if a little gristly. Sauces were good. Really tiny though for the price. Fun sized candy bars, is was I compared it to sizewise.
-Beef Rendang: Very tasty. Great flavor profile. Again, small portion. Also, for $18, it's a little insulting that it didn't come with white rice (which you had to purchase a small 'scoop' of for $2.50).
-Mee Hoon Goreng Bungkus: Tasty, but not too exciting. 90% rice noodles with some egg strips. This one at least was an individual portion, so the size was understandable.
Service was not that great. Our waiter didn't seem to understand a lot of what we said, couldn't describe things well, seemed disorganized & we had to ask for several things twice. Also served us room temp. tap water, which was a little weird (saw another server giving cups of ice with the water, so we asked for that too).
Overall, I'd say the postives were: BYO, good tasting dishes, open kitchen ambiance.
The major negative to me was the price vs serving size. Everything was way too tiny. Spending about $40 a person (w/o drinks or dessert), did not expect to go home still somewhat hungry, but that's what happened.
In the future, probably just going to stick to S. Philly's myriad other (filling) Asian restaurants and don't anticipate coming back to SK...which is disappointing because I really did want to like it more than I did.I loved how unique this place was! The atmosphere is great - I walked in and felt like I was transported to a quaint town in Malaysia. I ordered the Ayam Kurma and the Nasi Lemak Bungkus without the anchovies. The flavor profiles were unexpected and very spicy. The standout of the meal was the Kopi coffee - definitely my favorite coffee in Philly now! The tapioca and coconut palm syrup dessert was phenomenal and I've been craving it again for days since we had it! Highly recommend this place for a one of a kind dining experience - Can't wait to return!Very good food. The tofu was cooked to a crispy deliciousness, and the banana peel rice noodle dish was an incredible taste. Would love to see an even more expanded menu so I could try new things, but what's on there now is great.
Saw the owner being pretty rude to our server twice which was the only negative.Hot and new and just fantastic! Loved the goat satay and the Nasi Lemak. The best!! Try the pulled milk tea too! Dee-lish!4.5* I like the vibe of this place. Staff is friendly and will explain the menu to you. The food is delicious, just make sure to ask about what is spicy. All of our dishes were variable levels of spicy, and I love spicy food but if you don't you may want to ask them to tone it down. 
The menu offers personal plates and shared plates or side dishes. These side dishes are decent sized and would be great as a normal meal if you could order a side of rice to go with it. 
Coffee and tea options are great and delicious, and well explained with a legend on the menu. 
Only con is that you have to order the satay in 5 or 10 sticks and can't mix up the different kinds in that order. 
Overall delicious food, good dining experience.I live in Hong Kong, and trips down to Singapore and Malaysia necessitate many trips to the night markets and hawker stalls that boast the best of the best of Sate. This place lives up to it's name when it brings real deal Sate (skewers of meat such as beef, pork, and chicken) and the famous peanut sauce, which if you've been to Southeast Asia, nearly every different Sate vendor has their own take on the delicious peanut sauce in which you dip your skewers of delectable meat. I mean it's so human, eating meat on sticks... what more could you ask for. 
When coming here, the ambience was nice, the lighting was on the dimmer side, but that definitely did not detract from the experience. We sat at the bar, and was able to get into small talk with the bartender (and our waiter) as we ordered. We ordered an order of chicken and beef, along with an order of the Nasi Lemak Bungkus (a pretty traditional rice with all sorts of goodies wrapped in a banana leaf, trust me just try it.) 
ALERT: Do not forget to enjoy your meal with Singapore and Malaysia's favorite sports drink (and they seriously need it, have you been to Singapore in July, talk about sweating buckets...) called 100PLUS. It's like 2 dollars for a can, but it's so good, you could down at least 5... oh man I miss it already. 
Overall a good experience.Strolled in several weeks ago for brunch with a few friends visiting in town based on the pics and strong reviews. We didn't check out the menu prior to coming in and were nervous when greeted with a 5 item menu. Thoughts of pancakes and more traditional fare quickly dissipated from our party's mind and we begrudgingly accepted the limited options. I ordered the nasi rendang bungkus and hoped for the best. 
The dish arrived in a little banana leaf bundle. I opened it slowly and explored the contents with my fork. I took a few cautious bites and by the second had forgotten completely about maple syrup, bacon, and eggs. The dish wound up being one of my favorite brunches (probably more accurately called a lunch) dishes ever. The rice, beef and pickled vegetables were perfectly portioned and the flavors complimented one another wonderfully. Everyone at the table agreed that it was delicious. Two in my party did say they wanted slightly more food but didn't utter anything but praise for the food itself. I can't wait to come back to try the lunch and dinner menu.After reading quite a few articles or references to Sate Kampar, we went there for Sunday lunch. I like to have my big meal at lunch, but Sate Kampar does not open on weekdays till 5 p.m. I was so glad that I was able to go on a Sunday. However, I was disappointed that they offered a very limited menu and did not serve their famous skewers at lunch time.
Sate Kampar's ambiance is clean and modern. Angie, the owner, is very sweet and hospitable. To help us choose what to order, she even explained what the dishes, desserts, and beverages are about. Service was excellent.
The flavors here are very refined and subtle. If I had more sensitive taste buds, I would have given Sate Kampar five stars. This means that if you are not into very spicy, you might even rate Sate Kampar six stars if it were possible. However, because I do not have sensitive taste buds and prefer big, bold flavors, I would have needed some, even extra, Malaysian spicy sauce to dial up the flavors. I wish that they had offered some when they delivered our food orders. Because of the absence of even salt and pepper on the tables, I had gotten the sense that Sate Kampar is reserved about condiments. Angie said that the next time we come, we could ask for some Malaysian spicy sauce.
I did fall in love with the kaya toast. It reminded me of the coconut jam that a grandaunt used to make. I also learned about the Malaysian option of mixing coffee and tea. The combo has nice, clean flavor.
Overall, with the advice that people like me should ask for extra condiments, Sate Kampar is worth the trek to Passyunk.I. Am. Addicted. 
I feel so wrong for not checking this place out since I live in the neighborhood. Boy am I so happy I did.
I know Sate Kampar offers exquisite food and exceptional service. Their awards and recognition shows it.
I am a student, so this place serves as an award for me when I save enough money to have dinner there. I always order their Beef Rendang and Skewers with peanut sauce. Don't be alarmed by the prices!! For the beef rendang, it can serve two people, with leftovers! Such a great experience every time I come. I have more of the menu to discover but I make sure to come every time I finish a major exam.Incredible, authentic, thoughtful.
This food tastes like someone made it with all kinds of love and passion that only comes from home. 
The chef here really cares about the food and bringing an authentic Malaysian experience to Philly. As an American who lived in rural Malaysia for a year, the opportunity to enjoy her food was truly memorable and the attention she made to details was impeccable. After speaking with her about the process she goes through and the way she sources real ingredients, I can tell you, she deserves to be nominated for the James Beard award.
Beyond the mystic of being such an authentic delicious place, the satay is delicious and well seasoned. I recommend the one with the pineapple over the other. The beef rendang is truly magical and will really impress you with its complex flavors.
I wish I lived in Philly. If you do, please go and tell Angie she's doing an amazing job uniting people and cultures via delicious food.Lovely spot - clean, sleek and simple decor - wonderful service from the proprietors. 
We ordered three dishes, each with dynamic flavor profiles, from sweet to spicy to heartily savory. We'll most definitely return!So we rushed over right after church last night to try this new place around the corner from us.. When we came in the place is a little small and cramp so if you have a big party you will need to ask if they can reserve you a table.. Big meaning 6+ people..
The menu is really small.. I kept reading over2 the same item thinking that i will find a menu i like but in reality there's only 3 platter on the menu and i ordered 2 out of that 3.. Which is the nasi lemak and nasi ulam.. The nasi lemak is really outrageously spicy but very tasty.. The nasi ulam that me and a couple friend tried we all agreed that it need more extra sauce becuse after you mix everything together its a little dry..
Now for the main thing they serve the satay!!
We ordered about 3 different kind.. The chicken is tender and moist, really good overall with the chicken, the pork is really chewy and a little hard.. So you really have to work it down  and it also have an aftertaste that i'm not a fond of because i thought the waitress gave me lamb because of the aftertaste.. So then i stole my friend lamb satay just to see if the waitress gave me a wrong order and it turns put she didn't, so i got the right order but i think is because they cook the pork right after the lamb that's why it has an aftertaste.. The lamb satay is also have a hard and chewy texture.. So overall for the lamb and pork it was ok.. I wasn't to thrilled, but chicken is good!! 
The sauce!! They have two kinds the kajang and melaka.. The kajang is more thick and chunky but its a little sour because i think they have pineapple in it.. The melaka is more oily but its sweet and a tiny hint of spicy.. So for me the melaka sauce is way better..
The drinks!!
They have a fresh coconut for $8.. Its really refreshing!!
And then the iced teh tarik that i ordered, I guess the reason why teh tarik comes out hot its because when you ask for it with ice it just taste like watered down tea with milk.. But when i tried the hot version is so much better.. If i was them and there was a customer ask for iced teh tarik, they should've just told me they can't do it iced..
Overall love the concept of this new place!! I wished the owner the best of luck, i would love to see you guys really really grow.. 
P.S: this is my personal opinion!! Everybody should try it for yourself!! Don't be turned down just because you guys see a negative..First time trying or even hearing of this restaurant located in South philly. Me and my friends walked in and the minute we walked in through the door we were greeted by whom I believe was the owner. He was extremely friendly and nice along with our waitress. Gotta love good customer service like that..  the food is to die for!!  I got the nasi lemak and also the rendang daging. The beef was filled with soo much flavor. I recommend getting one order of the rendang and sharing it with a partner (alot of food for one person). I def will be going back. Enjoy guys :)The Rendang Daging was excellent. Beef was tender and full of flavour with a coconut zing. Make sure you order a side of rice with it. The other dishes were OK. The Nasilemak Bungkus was incredibly anchoviesk, and I was burping anchovies the whole of the next morning. The Ketupat was OK. The rice was a little stale but the sauce for it was delicious. The beef sate itself was pretty good but the pork was just so fatty it was impossible to enjoy. We had the toast dessert which was sweet and tasty but far too heavy for after dinner. Those thick slices of toast were great but a meal in themselves. 
Overall, it wasnt too bad and I'd definitely come back for the Rendang Daging but would probably try other dishes on the side since none of the others wowed me. Then again, I have never had Malaysian food so I might not just get it.The staffs are nice & friendly. It's a nice addition to the passyunk area. Biggest disappointment was the Rendang   which didn't come with a side of rice.  It's not a soup & it's too heavy to have it alone.  A side of rice is require for this dish otherwise it would be equivalent to ordering a hamburger but the hamburger bun is à la carte.Try the special for something neat, and the chef will probably come by to get your opinion, too.
If you'd rather just play it safe, the skewered meat is a good bet.
Coffee and teas are strong but irresistible. Comes with a sweet hard biscuit.
Been here a couple times. I always forget the tall white guy works here and I'm caught off guard when he attempts to greet and seat us haha.
Menu isn't that hard to figure out imo. Ask for help if you need it. Shame they don't do weekday lunches or open till the evening.Food was delish. The nasi lamak? Was delicious; the spiciness was perfect and the anchovies added a flavorful crunch. The skewers were full of flavor. The drink i had which was some type of coffee mixd with tea was banging. I also had the dessert, which was some secret toast recipe.. awesomeballsI used to live in southeast Asia and I think I know authentic flavor. They offer authentic rendang. Other plates were also good. Hope they expand the menu in the future.I am a bit mixed about Sate Kampar.  I came primarily for the sate, but was very disappointed by the sate.  But the other dishes I ordered were very good.  The best rendang was fantastic.  Best rendang in Philadelphia.  Ku-Mah's Achat (pickled vegetables) were amazing.  I could eat that all day with rice and be extremely happy.  Pickled vegetables with peanut sauce...delicious.  Nasi Lemak was solid and very tasty.  Regarding the sate, the sambal sauce was delicious,  But the meat itself was very touch, not very flavorful and the pork was very fatty.  Perhaps that is just individual preference, but I was not a fan of the sate.  While you're there, also make sure to order the hot Malaysian drawn teas.  Delicious.  Tastes just like in Malaysia.My hubby and I went here last weekend and enjoyed our food.  I brought some Iced Tea Vodka to add to the lime iced tea and it was excellent.  It's a BYOB..don't get deterred because you don't see booze on the menu.
PROS:
Host was efficient and nice
The braised beef
The chicken and potatoes
The rice in the banana leaf with anchovies
Our 2 top wasn't close to any others so that was good..I hate it when I'm too close to other people
CONS:
Why was there only 1 server at prime time on a weekend night?  She did her best but her stopping by 1x during our entire meal was not enough.  
Also thought there could have been a little more meat on the skewers
I had to order white rice with meat dishes.  I would prefer a side of rice with each entree.
Favorite part of the meal: This old fart goes out of his way to flag down the host to tell him how great the food is but then goes "but the dessert, not so much".  Then I think the host said "I'll tell Malaysia you said so".  It was hilarious.This place is so delicious. First time trying Malaysian food and absolutely loved it. Highly recommend the braised beef dish.Food is unique and delicious. Service is excellent. Great ambiance. Smell of grill flavor and coconut fills the restaurant. Wanted to try everything on the menu! Also, it's BYOB!What's not to love about meat on a stick , but this place is so much more than that. Keeping true to it's namesake street food staple , the satays are the stars of this joint, served in two styles with 2 different sauce offerings to dunk away to glory. There are probably a million different interpretations of the SE asian classic dish, but their interpretation is certainly just as good as your favorite street vendor that you have fond memories of. 
We also ordered the Nasi Lamek bungkus (bungkus just means wrapped, commonly in some  form of banana leaf) to go with the succulent beef rendang and the Kearbu salad. The coconut cream rice topped with anchovies , peanuts and a boiled egg , is a great foil for the beef soaked in deliciousness so don't fret too about digging your fingers in to mash them up good and savor some finger lickin' good awesomeness.
They also have a KopiTiam i.e full coffee bar and an Asian coconut water offering so one wouldn't have to rue about forgetting that they are BYOB. A couple of things i need to grouse about are that the main dishes don't come with a side of rice and that the satays are pricier than most street food standards.
With late night hours, I am sure  i'll make the trek down passyunk ave whenever i want to fight those hunger pangs, and with a backdrop of a cool dining that is filled with the aroma of bbq meats on coconut shell briquettes it'd be hard to say no.Malaysian food is similar to Filipino food except Filipino food taste much bolder.
The skewers seem to be too little meat, YES I know it's street food BUT it has to be uniformly cut.
When you order pls order louder!! We only ordered 7 skewer and they gave us 30 skewers!! We did not say anything though. The chicken is really tender. The beef not so much the pork is so so!! The tofu it's a bit dry and tough. 
The fried rice wrapped in banana leaf is my most fave dish that we ordered. It has a kick of spiciness to it. I love that there's crispy anchovies (dilis in my culture), boiled eggs, sambal, and roasted peanuts. I love this and I will be back to get this one. 
6 hour braised beef- I find this on the sweeter side but not to sweet. It's tender yes. That bowl fooled me though bc it looks like soo full but one person can eat them. That is if u are really hungry u will need two orders of these. 
Chicken with coconut milkI really really wanted to like this place! I love southeast Asian food and was so excited that there was a Malaysian restaurant in South Philly. I got 3 items for my friend and I to share  since I always like to try a few things when going to a new restaurant. 
Food: nasi lemak was good but not great because the sambal was lacking in depth. The tauhu sumbat was my favorite. They have a nice amount of vegetarian options. Then the otak-otak... it was very small and after couple bites I found a hair in it...nasty. needless to say I was not happy about that. 
Price: seems inexpensive but the portions are small so you need to order at least 2 items/person. Sate is even more expensive than the composed dishes. 
The food wasn't great and I am not happy about getting take out with a hair in it. I won't be going back unless they make some major changes.We ordered the chicken sate as a starter - delicious. The personal dishes were rice based and very flavorful. The nasi lemuk bungkus was a bit too spicy for me but very good, the anchovies were a nice crunch! For the share plates we had the rendang and ayam kurma. Both very good -rendang is a MUST. Biggest downfall of this place is that the share plates don't come with any rice. The waitress told us to pair up a personal plate and a share plate. However, I wish that there was an option for plain rice as the personal plates had their own sauces and flavors that didn't exactly pair up with the share dishes. For dessert we had some sort of palm tapioca in coconut milk with palm syrup - interesting but yummy. The coffee and tea menu is huge and explained well. A glass of Teh Tarik was a nice end to the night :)This is absolutely the best restaurant in Philly. The owner and her husband invite such a welcoming environment in this trendy but not snobby eatery. The food is indescribably good, I cannot find the words to express how well they have recreated the Malaysian eating experience. For those who maintain a halal diet, they use only halal meats (with the exception of pork dishes) and have separate grills for the pork to keep meals compliant. I cannot be more thankful to have Sate Kampar in the city that I live in.I visited here twice. The first time, I would give it 5 stars because my partner and I had good service and food. As for the second time, I would give it zero stars if I could. I made a reservation for 10 and they happily took it... but failed to tell us that they had run out of food. I came in and was completely ignored. After waiting for a while, I walked over to inquire about our table and was promptly placed in the back. They had my table reserved, the manager just forgot to acknowledge customers because he assumed we were all walk ins. Once we sat down and realized they literally ran out of rice. They said it had been a really busy week. Everything took forever to come out. We basically only got skewers because they ran out of everything else. They didn't even have beef skewers. They took down some orders and 40 minutes later told us they were sold out of them. We had to wait 40 minutes to find that out? If you didn't have the help or FOOD, don't take the reservation or at least let us know ahead of time. We spent 2 hours here and then went home to eat leftovers from our fridge. We were so hungry and couldn't wait to get the little food that they did have in stock. We waited so long for everything I was so excited for the check so I could go somewhere else to find food. It was my family's worst dining experience ever.
The staff were nice enough, but the manager/boss was the worst. The restaurant was so busy and crowded but all he did was make angry faces at the staff. He could have greeted guests or apologized for the wait or neglect or lack of food. He could at least have acknowledged us. Instead, he simply bossed the the waiters around and refused to make eye contact with anyone else. It was such a tense and horrible atmosphere!
The cooks were packing food for takeout and delivery the whole time. The manager approved all the take out and reservations even though they didn't have the manpower or food for it. I blame poor management for the poor experience. (The "manager" I speak of is the white man who usually sits at the counter making angry faces at the waiter instead of helping.) The waiter was nice despite how busy and overworked he was.
Whatever food we were able to get was good, but quite sweet/one-noted and lacked umami.Visited with my wife and adult son late this past Saturday afternoon, and since its BYOB, we brought along a nice bottle of red wine. The entrees are very authentic Malaysian favorites and all can be ordered as shared. We ordered the following: Sate Kajang Goat, Sate Melaka Pork, Nasi Lemak Bungkus, Nasi Ulam, Rendang, Otak-otak Nyonya, Achat, and for deser - Kaya Toast. Everything was deliciously prepared and very tasty. Since we arrived shortly after opening (5 PM) we were the first customers and had an opportunity to talk to the owner, a Malaysian native. She gave us an extensive description of the food and how it is prepared. The service was very friendly and prompt. Would definitely visit again.
https://www.tripadvisor.com/ShowUserReviews-g60795-r357058330-Philadelphia_Pennsylvania.html#This is legit Malaysian food, unlike their sell-out counterparts at Banana Leaf or Penang, who cook slimy, greasy, Hong Kong-style stir fry and pass it off as "Malaysian". Sate Kampar took me back to the couple days I spent in Melaka eating in small restaurants on the sides of the streets. 
Small menu, but everything was very unique and flavorful, NOT because it was drenched in heavy creamy sauces (although the sauces they had to dip the satay sticks in were amazing), but because it was really well-cooked with all the right spices. Even something as simple as the vermicelli was flavorful while being very light and clean, no sauces at all. It tasted like the vermicelli was boiled in coconut milk and spices and had absorbed all its flavors through that cooking process. 
We ordered almost the entire menu (except for maybe three things) and everything was delicious. There were doubts about whether the four of us would be full, but we ended up being quite full. The biggest hit was the Rendang daging (beef stewed in spices, get this).
Cozy atmosphere, really nice staff. Only downside was that portions are pretty small, so if you're coming with less than 4 people, it really would be quite difficult to order the right variety of dishes without it being really pricey.Seeing a friend's Facebook post of this place had me curious, so I came here to investigate with my boyfriend. It's a little hole in the wall on the Passyunk strip that was decorated as how a modern Asian restaurant should look.
Sate Kampar serves up exotic Malaysian fare in small packages to South Italian locals. Six kinds of Satays, some smaller shareable plates, some nostalgic drinks in a cool atmosphere, it's definitely a great business model. I was pleasantly surprised that their drink menu included things like Milo (think Nesquick for Asians), Yeo's tea boxes and juice boxes, and Rebena syrup soda (A black currant syrup that was a standard gift item for hospitalized friends and family members)
The food was generally tasty but the portion incredibly small. Instead of stand Asian portion, these here are more like tapas. The meat on each satay is around the size of my pinky. The beef rendeng and ayam kurma are shareable of each of you only have 2 bites. The Nasi Lemak Bungkus was magical with the crunchy fishes, the spicy   Sambaal which balanced well with the egg but the portion is fleeting. If you spend enough money to order enough stuff, you can get a great meal out of the place but you can get twice the amount of food with half the price in Chinatown. It's still a pleasant experience.You have to get the pork sate. It was delicious, juicy, and packed full of flavor. This place has a great atmosphere and everyone was very pleasant. The kitchen is open and you can see them cooking. Beef rangdang was one of the best I've ever had. The coffee was excellent. I would definitely go back.My friend and I sat right next to the kitchen where we saw them preparing the food. It all looked good - and tasted good! Angie, the co-owner talked to us and was very kind. My friend found one dish - a special - to be too spicy (I myself didn't think it was too spicy) and Angie gave him some coconut cream to cool down his throat. It was very considerate. 
Favorite dishes - the achaat and the salad, in the bottom-right corner. Also, the three desserts were great.Very unfortunate experience at Sate Kampar yesterday evening. Two of the four plates to eat from came to the table dirty / hadn't been cleaned well, and when we sent them back the manager didn't apologize but instead rationalized why they still had food on them. Then the main courses came out luke warm at best, and when mentioned to the staff they didn't offer to reheat or replate. Tremendously disappointed as the flavors we're good, just poor sanitary environment and poor execution of service. Ruined a nice date. Will not take my business back there when there are so many good Asian restaurants in Philly.This is a great addition to East Passyunk Ave! Great decor, atmosphere and food. Portions are a little on the small size, and you'll need some extra rice to complement the meal. Me, my wife and my 18 month old had sate, rendang, nasi and mee-hoon, which all were delicious. The owner is super knowledgable and friendly. Will definitely return!Very unfortunate experience at Sate Kampar. 2 of the 4 plates to eat from that came to the table were dirty / hadn't been cleaned well, and when we sent them back the manager didn't apologize but instead rationalized why they had food still on them. Then the main courses came out luke warm at best, and when mentioned to the staff they didn't offer to reheat or replate. Tremendously disappointed as the flavors we're good, just poor sanitary environment and poor execution of service. Will not take my business back there when there are so many good Asian restaurants in Philly.Came on a Saturday night around 6:30, it wasn't busy when we arrived but got a bit busier around 7:30. Our server was Louis, he was very helpful. We ordered the beef and pork sate, ayam kurma with rice, their crudité (a special) and the kaya toast. The food and service were excellent and the food came out quickly.  Our group wasn't familiar with the cuisine but the staff was kind enough to answer our questions and explain everything.Hands down, the best Malaysian food I ever had in U.S.A. Coming from indonesia is very hard to found the taste that will bring so many memory from home and they could deliver it better, not because indonesian food is bad but because it's agree with my taste palate since its give more of sweet taste and flavorful but yet is not overwhelming not to mention the slow cook beef rendang is so tender your mouth feels like it went to heaven its make is so easy to enjoy that my husband have to order the second one and we order 3rd one to go so we can bring it home to N.Y. Angie the owner is so nice and hospitable giving us the sweet taste of the achat to combine them with beef rendang which I never  think to do  before and it work so we have to order 1 of the achat to go and 1 nasi lemak to go for my breakfast (yes I eat rice for breakfast)  so we end up with a lot of food with a happy tummy. Another pro to this place that I like is they keep the portion South Asia Style and not trying to Americanized make it easier for my little tummy to consume.  The price also affordable, and you can tell that they made the food fresh with the seasoning from scratch. Bottom line i'm so happy with the food that I have to call my mom and rave about this place. This place will be one of the reason I will go Back to Philly. Thank you Angie to make this restaurant existHad a date night the fiance the other night and he picked Sate Kampar. The service was great, server was very friendly. Food was awesome! I can't handle spice as much as the fiance can but the food was so good that I continued to eat. I was ecstatic they had vegetarian options! We both enjoyed the decor in addition to the food. Prices were reasonable as well. Wouldn't mind going back again.Sate Kampur oh how I wanted it to a Malaysian place I truly enjoyed but in reality it's one I ended up least enjoying.
Background, I'm not Malaysian so I probably don't know authenticate Malaysian food but growing up in an Asian community there's certain expectations to be made.
This place the decoire was okay, nothing exceptional can't complain but it's pretty clean so that's nice. I liked the coffee kopi bar that was a really neat feature but we didn't try any.
The servers seemed a bit confusing when we went in. It felt like a bit of a disarray as the waiter spent forever trying to get us a seat and to explaining the menu.
Also, no hot tea? Cold water to poor from a wine bottle? Ugh, where are we in Italy!? 
But the food must be fantastic right?
Our order was the pork sweet dip satay, chicken satay, the beef rendang, otak otak fish souffle dish, coconut water, and the kaya toast for dessert. 
Unfortunately as plate after plate came everything came out cold! (The coconut too but that was a good thing)
A place known for supposedly sate ends up giving us cold skewers. How?!? And for $12 too for 5 tiny pieces. 
The kaya toast was cold too. Seriously how do you end up giving us cold toast? It's like literally impossible. I mean I actually liked the taste of the kaya minus all the butter but it was cold. I can make you a warm toast, give me a minute and put it in the toaster.
The otak otak was a bit strange, maybe I'm not used to it but it didn't taste like anything really. 
The beef rendang was actually decent, still just luke warm and a bit too sweet but it was flavorful and expensive for the small plate($18).
The coconut was good but it was $10 for 1 coconut. Lastly, they charged us $3 for a small scoop of jasmine rice and $3.50 coconut rice. Seriously like $7 for rice? Better be a whole plate of it.
I just felt like nobody working there cared for their food, if I was the chef I would make sure the food and the plates came out hot! Go to Penang for 1/3 of the price and tell me your bowl isn't hot, plus free rice!
Overall, how I sum it up is it's like a hipster version of Asian street food but charging mediocre quality at extremely high prices.Ever since I saw an ROTD on this place and I heard about coconut rice in coconut leaves with satay skewers, I was sold on this place. East Passyunk is poppin' and Sate Kampar really is quite the Malaysian "street food" restaurant I never knew I needed. 
Growing up, I'm used to Penang being my baseline for Malaysian food but it always seemed to try to make too many dishes while being a bit pricey. Never in my wildest dreams would I have expected Malaysian to be like this! It's a small, cute restaurant with decor intended to look like a rugged Malay stand with skewers always on the grill with their coconut charcoal and little dishes. Did I mention that they have a "bar" area (it is BYOB here) but they don't make alcoholic drinks, they make pulled milk tea and Malay style coffee. Or if you're feeling adventurous, a mix of the two.
Overall, solid experience. Street parking is around E Passyunk (metered) and side streets. Waiters are friendly and awesome. Can't wait to come back!What delicious food and a nice warm setting !  We moved the Sate and the pork belly !   We are from Arizona but it will be a stop every time we come to town !  Highly recommend!Wow! Fantastic Malaysian food. I've traveled to Malaysia and have been searching for a place like this ever since then. I was sad to learn that I missed the month of Laksa on the specials board, but what we did get was still awesome. The Chili crab special was amazing. The beef Rendang was delicious, and the pickled veggies was also not to be missed. I'll definitely be back.Best tofu on skewer I have ever had!! Also first one I've ever had, but had no idea it'd be so delicious. Get it, even if you hate tofu, because you might start liking it (at least at this spot). Also  Ordered the braised beef and it was delicious! Had it with kerabu salad, which I would get again without a doubt, so tasty and light but gurthy (is that a word?). 
Also ordered the rice side with crispy anchovies (but without the anchovies)...watch out, it's spicy!
Friendly costumer service, nice that they have vegetarian options, and food came out quick! Also cool that you can see the kitchen. 
Definitely coming back!Love this place - delicious grilled skewers the rice packets with their SPICY sauce, crispy crunchy salty anchovies - cause a craving to come back. Great coffee drinks, or try a soda with ribena syrup (yeah, it sort of makes you think of a Cherry Coke ha ha).\
And, it's a nice couple blocks stroll up to CapoGiro for gelato (or sorbet for those of us lactose-intolerant) after dinner.I am a Malaysian student who has been studying in the United States and have had eaten different Malaysian restaurants, this is the closest taste to home. I love this placeI'm not at all versed in the styles of Malaysian cuisine, but the recent home-delivery was a refreshing lunch.  The kerabu mee hoon dish was very light, but equally filling--it's a fine rice vermicelli salad "tossed with a chiffonade of Southeast Asian herbs".  It strikes a good balance between sweet and spicy.  I also had several bites of the mee hoon goreng bungkus, which is another tangy, if not spicy, rice vermicelli dish with bits of scrambled egg on top.  Overall, a quality delivery that warrants a sit-down visit to the restaurant soon.We had an amazing birthday meal that brought me right back to my Asian travels. The Satai was great, and all dishes were served with details that u would only find in Asia generally. Great authentic drinks as well. For desert we had Kaya toast, which is the Jam that I miss terribly and have friends bring every time they come to visit. But best of all, the customer service was impeccable , waiters competent and friendly, and the owner was at the restaurant connecting with her customers and making sure all was going well. Looking forward to returning.We read about Sate Kampar in the Washington Post and decided to give it a try last night. What an unforgettable experience!  Thank you to the very attentive server who suggested we try the salmon fish head curry with eggplant!   We felt so honored when the chef came out and explained all the fine points of this dish, considered a great delicacy and for good reason!  The variety of textures and tastes was amazing.  If you are a first timer with this dish you may have to overcome a certain squeamishness factor, but if you do, you'll be glad you did!   Every part is edible and delicious right down to slurping up the eyeball and sucking the rich curry sauce off the bones.  Even if you stick to just the meat, there is plenty there to keep you interested.  The refreshing kerabu salad goes very well with it and helps tone down some of the fiery power of this superlative dish.  We're from Maryland, but we hope to come again soon!  Prices were reasonable and everything else we tried was delicious.I really wanted to like this place. After recently visiting Singapore, I was craving some Malaysian food and saw this new place in South Philly. Going into it, I knew it wasn't going to be 100% authentic so I wanted to give these guys a fair assessment.
Food: This was the biggest let down. Ordered satay apps... split between pork and beef. The beef was very dry and I think overcooked. It had some flavor in the marinade, but no where near what I've had in other places in Philly. The pork was a bit better as it wasnt dry, but like the beef it was like eating straight pork but no flavor. Not gonna lie worse skewers I ever had. Next, sambal wings. I love sambal so was excited to try this. Maybe my standard is too high from eating sambal overseas, but flavor wasn't nearly as good. Didn't capture the prominent tamarind flavor and spice that I am used to in other sambal sauces. The wings themselves were cooked right and moist. The nasi lemak was the only dish I enjoyed. They present it in a nice banana leaf covering which was clever. The most important thing with Nasi Lemak is the rice. The rice here was able to have the nice coconut rich flavor I am used too. I am happy that they used anchovies as that's part of the standard recipe. Used the same sambal as the chicken wings, which I thought was very okay. My gf ordered mee hoon goreng, a stir fried noodle dish. She thought it was very okay, and I did too. Not really much flavor going on in that dish.
Price: Nasi Lemak was reasonable but oh em gee... 3 bucks per pork skewer and 2 per beef?! I would understand it if they packed it with meat, but they didnt. Too expensive
Customer Service: Was okay. Had better.. had worse..
All in all overall I probably wouldnt go here again, but for any visitors, I would only recommend the nasi lemak as that was the only dish I liked. Stay away from the skewers!Outstanding. Get the pickled vegetables. Get the satay(s). Get the bungkus, holy shit so good. No booze, but the bar across the street sells 6-packs. Do it.I don't think you're ready for this coconut jelly.  MALAYY COCONUT YA
goat skewers were amazing.
Rendang Daging will make it hard for you to be a vegetarian. It's real dope.
Definitely coming back.4.5 Stars Definitely our kind of casual, quick date night spot! Reasonably priced, BYO, unique, with a bit of ambiance and vibes. Because of the spiciness of the cuisine, it was a perfect place NOT to bring the kiddos. 
On a very busy night in the city, this smaller, easily overlooked place in the East Passyunk district had a few tables readily available for a walk in! We were seated immediately near the open kitchen, next to the bar which was perfect for pulled milk tea watching. Way cool! We were brought waters and our champs bottle was opened and placed in an ice bucket on the table shortly after arrival. We glanced over the smaller menu as we were told the daily specials which were also listed on the chalkboard behind us. We were intrigued by the spicy crab special but it was $45 so we passed this night. It really didn't seem worth it to us for the amount of food given. Tables around us said they really enjoyed it however. Maybe another time. 
Hubs ordered what they are known for which is the sate (satay). It comes 5 to an order but you cannot mix protein. 5 pieces of one type...chicken, beef, goat (vomit) or tofu. He opted for the chicken. They were smaller than he is used to, but he said they were "awesome". He also said he should've ordered more. 
I ordered the Tauhu Sumbat Salad which is charcoal crisped tofu with bean sprouts and julienned vegetables, topped with peanut sauce and garlic-chili sauce. The word "salad" was a bit deceiving. It was actually fried triangle tofu stuffed with the veggies which is new to me. Neat! It was very tasty, but no, not a traditional salad. 
We shared the Nasilemak Bungkus which as the menu states, is "Malaysian awesomeness"! Coconut cream-soaked rice topped with sambal, roasted peanuts, anchovies and egg in a fresh banana leaf. We asked for no fish or egg. The packet was so pretty and the taste was wonderful. I don't remember the menu listing green veggies but there were some on top. For me this was a pleasant surprise. This small side dish packs a big kick! Mix the sauce well to distribute spice evenly. Loved the creamy cool of the coconut mixed with the crunch and spicy of the saucy nuts. Yum! At just $6, try it! 
The place was interesting and had an underground edgy street vibe with exposed brick, chipping concrete and vintage looking posters. Modern copper pendant lighting details over the bar balanced the dated looking decor so well. There's an armoire near the entrance with Malaysian treats available for purchase also. 
Service was fine. Prices were fair. Parking was easy. 
Overall, a lovely first experience. I've had it bookmarked for awhile. Happy to check it off the list! We would definitely come back. I say give it a go! Don't forget those bottles!I tried the goat and chicken satay and both were excellent. Packed with flavor and grilled to perfection. Servers were friendly and helpful in navigating the menu full of dishes that I had never tried. I look forward to coming back and trying things beyond the grilled meats.I found this place on Yelp and it's a pleasant surprise. We ordered the goat sate on skewer (very tasty) and several other dishes. They are outstanding quality and authentic. The services were excellent as well. We got to tried out the Malay tea and coffee - a treat from the owner (and chef) who left the corporate world and decided to do what she liked - making and sharing great Malaysian foods. This is also a BYOB place.
We will definitely be back.Delicious food and excellent service but wow is this place loud. Prices are reasonable but it's also very easy to over-order as we did. We had 10 each of the beef and chicken sticks, the stuffed tofu and a rice dish I forget the name of along with the lime iced tea. Our only nit-pick as that the beef was a bit dry and chewy. The tea was perfect with everything.Completely disappointed unless you like your food overly sweet. We ordered beef and pork sate. The beef was excessively sweet. The meats were not tender and juicy at all. I have had better sate. The beef rendang was also too sweet, and I didn't like how shredded it was. The nasi lemak is way overpriced. $10 for a tiny bit of rice and minimal amount of anchovies. I left the restaurant desiring more and questioning why this place is a James Beard finalist. Don't waste your money and go somewhere else.Best Malaysian food I've ever had in the US. Fresh vegetables, clean finish, and the beef is amazing. Better than my mom's (don't tell my mom).Sate Kampar is really really authentically
good.  
The Beef Rendang is really good and ranks up there with the best Beef Rendang I've ever had.  You can tell the care by which it's made, it's tender and packed with flavor by the chef.  And depending on how you enjoy Beef Rendang, it can be dry or wet.  Of course the drier it is, the more concentrated the flavor will be.
The sates here are also fabulous. Something you don't normally see on the menu is goat sates, here the flavor of the marinade and the meat come through equally no matter what protein you choose.  Even though we consider this menu item to be an appetizer in the states, you can definitely make this a main course if you get enough of them, which you can, as you order by sticks in quantities of 5. 
The Sambal Wings are also one of my favorite items on the menu, they are fried to a crisp and served with a super flavorful, spicy sambal sauce that I always end up taking home because it's soooooo good and spicy on anything you decide to put it on.  
The chef/owner also has fresh whole fish which will vary based on what fish she can get her hands on that are fresh, that you must try.  It's layered with spices and grilled.  You must ask for the sambal sauce previously noted to go along with the fish.
The Bungkus pares well with any main entree and isn't lacking in flavor on its own.   Pick any one of the options already noted and grab a bungkus.
Finally a word regarding the service, it can seem a bit distant or indifferent but I do think it's because of inexperience or sheer volume of work.  Based on the fact that one of the owners is in the dining room checking on her work and customers, I don't think it's an overall philosophy of Sate Kampar.I really really wanted to like this place. I'm not sure what Malaysian food taste like but if what Sate Kampar serves is authentic Malaysian food then I'm not a big fan. 
To start off the menu is confusing and the server was even harder to understand. So we just winged it and ordered a few items off the menu. 
The rice dish wrapped it banana leave was nothing special. The chicken skewer was alright. The beef curry was ok too. We also ordered the way over priced pork dish. Honestly everything was such a disappointment. We left not satisfied and still hungry. $70 for 3 people. The price was definitely not worth it.Really simple menu and easy to order. The food was really good and inexpensive. This restaurant puts me in the mood for my upcoming trip to Malaysia this fall.Finally had a chance to pop into Sate Kampar for dinner! 
What a treat! The staff are friendly and the service was quick despite there being a decent crowd that evening. 
My friend and I decided to split the Rendang Daging, which is a braised beef in spices and coconut cream that's slow cooked for 6 hours and also some chicken sate skewers. The Rendang Daging was on the pricier side, but I'm so glad we opted for it. It was absolutely delicious, and so flavorful. 
One restroom - so try to casually check the wait if you can see down the hallway leading towards the back, otherwise you might wait awhile...Wow, talk about explosion of flavors in the mouth!
I bookmarked this place on Yelp since it opened. Yet it took a James Beard award nomination (one of the semifinalists for the nation's Best New Restaurant) a month ago to convince my pretentious self to finally make it here. Oops...better late than never right? :P
On a whim we decided to come check it out on a Sunday night. Luckily because it was a Sunday there was no wait. This is key because they don't take reservations! We were starving and the 4 of us ordered the following (each dish has corresponding pics if you're a visual person):
-Sate Kajang (classic Malaysian style) in tofu and beef options. 
-Sate Melaka (Hainanese style) in chicken. This was my favorite of the 3 sates. We wanted to try the sate kajang in goat but it wasn't available.
-Jicama dish: can't remember exactly how this appetizer special was prepared but it was largely jicama and carrots. They were held in a crunchy edible shell, the latter in the shape of mini-cupcake wrappers.
-Rendang: 6 hour slow cooked beef in a mixture of spices and coconut cream. The men at our table would not stop raving about this dish.
-Nasi lemak: My entree and I loved it. I've had nasi lemak at other Malaysian restaurants and they paled in comparison. It's composed of only a few ingredients (coconut flavored rice with anchovies, peanuts, 1/2 of a hard-boiled egg, sambal sauce, all wrapped in banana leaf) but upon eating the combination of these ingredients produced a balanced/complex flavor profile, w/ the peanuts and fried anchovies supplementing adding a nice crispy texture.
-2 entree specials: one fried chicken dish and the other an oyster omelette. Can't comment on the fried chicken because I didn't really try it but the oyster omelette was excellent. I grew up in Taiwan and we eat oyster omelettes at night markets but this was a more savory/drier (unlike the Taiwanese version made w/ corn starch and a much "saucier" bite) version. If this is ever offered when you come here, I highly recommend you try it!
-2 desserts: please see the photographed kaya toast and the sago gula melaka. To be honest I've never really had these Malaysian desserts so I don't know how they measure up to native expectations. They were enjoyable.
-Pulled milk tea: I love how the beverage side of the menu provides clear graphic explanations on the compositions of various tea/coffee varieties. I opted for the milk tea. A tad sweet, but I suppose that was to be expected when the illustration showed condensed milk making up about 1/4 of the drink. 
Of course I can't forget to mention, this place is BYOB (an icing on the cake in my book). So grab your friends/family, your booze of choice, and come here for an affordable/filling/delectable experience!Having heard the Splendid Table interview with Chef Ange,  I knew I had to get to this restaurant.   It was MAGNIFICENT!
The space is wonderful and warm,  with an open kitchen.
The servers explained dishes in great detail. 
As a vegan,  there were many options!  The tofu sate,  particularly the dipping sauce,  was incredible as well as the perfectly seasoned pickled vegetables - like no other I've ever had.   A simple tapioca in coconut cream and palm sugar was a wonderful sweet/salty bite at the end of the meal. 
The variety of kinds of pulled teas and  Malaysian roasted coffees had its own menu!
The highlight of the entire meal was a lengthy conversation with Chef Ange, explaining the history of Malaysia in terms of spices, influences as well as her interview on Splendid table,  the uniqueness of the Malaysian roasted coffee (Sate Kampar is the only restaurant in the U.S. with this coffee directly from Malaysia).
I can't say enough about this precious place!  The whole experience touched me.Move over Banana Leaf and Penang....this place is very unique and the flavors and combinations make it a new favorite for us. Went here for brunch and had the nasi lemak and the rendang (a bit too sweet)  along with pulled tea and coconut water. Will definitely be back for dinner to try the satay!I wish I can really like this place. Flavour wise, it was really good. Very authentic flavours and it reminded me of food I fell in love in Malaysia. Portion wise, it was pretty scanty; reminded me of Asian restaurants trying to compete with "up scale" restaurants. Price wise, I was in sticker shock when we got the bill for 5 people. I am used to eating authentic and awesome South East Asian food (Cambodian, Indonesian, and Vietnamese) around South Philly for really good prices, so Sate Kampar was an anomaly. If you don't mind paying higher price for an up scale feel for some good food you'll probably fall in love with Sate Kampar. As for me, this will be maybe once in a while visit. I will stick to other SE Asian places for some authentic food for a much better price.I waited until my second visit to write the review...  And am glad I did. The specials were fantastic, and I would have given only three stars if I had written based on my first visit, mainly loving the goat and chicken satay. 
The specials were the crab legs- three huge bunches- and Malaysian fried chicken. The crab leg sauce was super tasty, to the point where the thick toast and spoon were absolutely necessary. The fried chicken  was like crack, super crispy, spicy, and the chicken was so tender. 
This place is an awesome new spot, fairly priced, and unlike most others in the area.I made reservations for 5pm on a Saturday (when they open for dinner service). The table was set and had menus waiting. There was a tasting menu for $35, but we went with a la carte so we could share everything. We had the Pork and Chicken Saté Melaka (pineapple and peanut sauce), Rendang Daging (6-hour braised beef), Ayam Kurma (braised chicken and potatoes), Kerabu (seasonal herbs and vegetables), and two sides of jasmine rice. Our waitress asked us if we wanted sides of rice (and gave us the option of coconut rice or jasmine rice) because the dishes don't come with rice. Sides of rice aren't on the menu.
The saté was good. It's grilled over coconut shell briquettes. It must be at a lower temperature because it takes longer to cook. Part of the kitchen is open, so you can watch them grill the saté. The meat was flavorful without the pineapple peanut sauce.
Our waitress told us they use pork belly for the pork saté so it's fattier than other cuts of pork. I personally like pork belly, but I preferred the chicken. The chicken saté was moist, so it must've been chicken thigh or leg. 
The Ayam Kurma (braised chicken and potatoes in coconut cream sauce) was my favorite dish. The Rendang Daging was really good as well. The coconut blends well with the other spices and ingredients. Don't let the coconut scare you if you don't like coconut that much.
The Kerabu was a refreshing Summer vegetable dish. It mostly consisted of julienned carrots and cucumbers. It was nice to have in contrast to all of the rich meat dishes.
The beverages were good. I especially liked the Kopi Ais (iced coffee with condensed milk). There was a diagram that explained all the different teas and coffees.The good thing about this place is the food. Delicious, amazing flavors we'd never had before. People love the sate but we'd rate 3.5ish because the sauce wouldn't cling to the meat. The rice cups- 5/5. A delicious but tiny first bite that immediately made us acknowledge that we saw why this place got a James beard nomination. Nuanced and delicate flavors. The rendang with coconut rice we give 5 stars, no room for improvement in flavors at all- this was one of the yummiest bites I ever remember eating. 
What got me was the price to portion. Someone here said food was great but gave three stars due to price/portions and I thought that was outrageous but I have to agree and would give 3.5 stars overall for this reason if I could. To need an appetizer two sates and a two person entree plus an extra side of rice in order to be satisfied is not normal for us. $70 (after tip) for a meal that had moments of pure bliss...a 9/10 meal, but hard to justify when I can have a 7.5/10 meal on Washington ave with my husband all in with apps and desert for $40. I want to say I'll be back for the rendang, But, we don't spend $70 out on dinner much in our house so I'm not sure. If it was 15% cheaper I'd probably go all the time.
Delicious food and good service but prices a bit delusional imo.I'm no expert in authentic Malaysian food so this is solely based on my personal preference for the taste. With that said, the flavors weren't really my cup of tea. 
We ordered ~30-40 of their skewers during happy hour and nasi lemuk (rice dish wrapped in banana leaves). The beef was a bit dry but the goat was succulent and our favorite. However - and this may show my ignorance - I expected more meat per skewer and much more flavors (saltiness, in particular). It was bland even with the peanut sauce. We asked for some extra salt for the table and was told that they unfortunately didn't have any available (what??). 
Love that this is BYOB with street style food, but the price is a bit too much for the subpar taste and portions IMO. My friend, who has been to Malaysia, did say that it tasted authentic - so try it for yourself!My wife and I came here to have dinner. We had the Sate Malaka, Nasi Lemak Bungkus,Rendang Daging and to drink we had Ribena Soda and Iced Tea with Lime. 
Sate Malaka - The skewers were good and the pineapple peanut sauce was pretty decent. It us probably one of the better skewers we've had in the city.
Nasi Lemak Bungkus - My wife is Indonesian and she said it was ok. It didn't really blow her outta this world, however the Sambal was really good. It was both sweet and spicy. 
Rendang Daging - It was sweet and the coconut flavor was definitely there. I was hoping to get more of a spicy with the sweet but majority of the taste was sweet. A bit too sweet for my taste.
Ribena soda was a bit different. Tart and sweet, refreshing. I was indifferent about it. The Tea was also interesting. The were both refreshing.-sate wasn't special, but if you must try it get the pineapple peanut sauce
-other foods were spectacular including: rice, noodles (intricate taste profile, beef (tender and flavorful). 
-customer service (shout out to Thien) was the best, bar none. He went ABOVE and BEYOND, explaining the entire menu and providing other recommendations for other things to do in the area
-liked the byob with no corkage fee and chill, friendly vibesI was looking to try something different, but feel a bit disappointed. The goat sate was tooooo chewy to eat, so I had to spit it out... the otak otak was good, but it's cold, not sure if it is supposed to be that way...We went here for dinner on Thursday night.
The sata is good, especially the pork. 
Fried tofu salad is pretty good too.
The rest are just on average.
To be honest, you can find same level BBQ somewhere else. Especially when there is crazy amount of people in the line, just run.I really wanted to like this place, and I'll say the food was pretty good. Good flavors and presentation. Our rice came out without the sauce, the server seemed to really ignore us, then we had to wave two people down to get our check and after dropping the check off they didn't come back for it. We waited 10 minutes and finally had to go take the check so they would charge it. The service was very disappointing but the food was good. Another thing to note is that there is only one single stall restroom which isn't enough for a restaurant this size, had to wait in line about ten minutes for that.  Initially I wanted to give the rating a 4 but it was such a bummer of an experience.I was recommended to try this place out by a few of my friends who raved about it. Finally, I decided to come here for my birthday dinner with my parents on a Saturday night. They don't take reservations and the wait for a table of 4 took about 35-40 minutes. They also would not seat the table unless everyone in the party was there. The ambiance was loud, it was crowded, the staff members were all running around sweating. I had to scream the entire time in order to have a conversation with my parents as if I was at the bar. 
We start by ordering Sate Kajang (5 sticks each) - chicken & beef (we wanted goat but they were sold out), Beef Rendang, Grilled Porgy fish (special of the day), coconut rice wrapped in a leaf, and the Nasi Lemak Bungkus. We had the signature milk tea with condensed milk which was very smooth and tasty. When the food arrived, it smelled good and looked good however almost every dish was just warm. To me, Asian food must always be enjoyed hot. The Sate wasn't anything special, nothing I've never had somewhere else before. For the price $12 - there wasn't a lot of meat on each stick. The Rendang was the best thing we ordered, beef was tender and saucy however a tad bit too sweet for my taste and was such a small portion for it's price. We had to order another one because it wasn't enough. The Nasi Lemak was just ok, a mix of sticky rice, spicy sauce, peanuts and an egg - lacked some flavor. The coconut rice wrapped in a leaf was one of my favorites however, the rice was harder than normal sticky rice should be. Finally the fish came last. A little bit on the fishy side but the side sauces (spicy shrimp paste, tangerine, and one I can't remember) helped. Wasn't impressed. The server offered jasmine and coconut rice on the side but that took at least 10 minutes to arrive as the fish was getting cold. Overall, the food was mediocre at best, the food took too long to come out, it was not hot enough, it was pricey for the portion sizes and I didn't understand why it was so busy! 
Giving 3 stars because the food wasn't terrible, but it wasn't great. 
Probably wouldn't come back again.This restaurant is the BEST. I always have to stop myself from ordering every meal off the menu. The move is to go with a big group and order a bunch of dishes and share them all so you can taste everything. And never miss out on the beef rendang!!! I'm always so full after I eat there but no matter what I could always go for another order of that rendang. Definitely go try this restaurant. From my friends: "The food made me want to cry." "Better than crack." "This made me wish my grandma was Malaysian." "The ultimate comfort food." "This food makes me feel like home." *dwight voice* "Stay woke."We've been to Sate Kampar twice now and we'll be back many more times, I'm sure! It's well-priced, delicious, and a byob! Our first time here we were with a group (5 of us) and we were able to eat our fill for a reasonable price! The second time I was there with my bf for dinner and we had 3 or 4 plates for a really great price. The staff is very attentive and we always enjoy eating here.This was a horrible birthday dinner, took us 20 min to get acknowledged by any one the hostess sat us down and didn't even say a word to us. All tiny portions and we got the special chicken wings they had for the night, $15 for 4 pieces of tiny wings that you get from your local Chinese place on every corner, no warning how hot it was so very hard to enjoy. It was a small crowd and took us 30 min before we even ordered. Best part was I got to bring my own beer.The food was pretty good. Nice ambiance. Friendly staff. The menu isn't too long so it was pretty easy for us to decide what to get. Our server was friendly but I wish she had checked in on us before we asked for the check. Our toddler broke a water glass. The other server came and helped us clean up the mess. We left extra tips for the trouble but not sure if they share tips. 
The biggest problem we had was we were cold the entire time we were there. We were seated by the door. Every time someone opened the door we felt the cold wind swept through our legs. Our food got cold within 10 minutes upon arrival. I know we would have a better experience if we didn't have that problem. 
Again, the food was good. I will visit again but probably in a warmer weather.These people are morons. 
Went there with my wife who, like she always does, explained to the waitress that she's vegan with a dairy allergy. The waitress was nice enough and said that just about anything can be made vegan. Out comes some tea and a plate of biscuits. And here's where it goes to hell. 
My wife took a bite of the biscuits and could immediately tell that something was wrong. We flag the waitress, and ask her to please check if the biscuits had dairy (the thing we very clearly told them was off limits). The manager looks over the box of biscuits for a minute and deems them okay. I don't know what he actually read, but this grown man who is in charge of feeding people as his main source of income signs off on it knowing my wife has a dairy allergy. 
We eat out meal, and my wife's face is still feeling itchy so we ask to see the box of biscuits. This, again grown adult man who dresses himself and is in charge of people in his day to day life, brings us a box of biscuits titled CREAM CRACKERS which very clearly states MILK POWDER as an ingredient and declares that he somehow missed that there was dairy in the food. My wife was nice about it and tried to downplay that she had just eaten something that her body considered poison and assured them that she probably won't die. They then apologized and brought us a full price bill without even considering to shave a few bucks for their own stupidity.Great spot. The food was delicious and flavorful. The service was tops. The decor was relaxing and really set the mood. It's BYOB so don't forget that part. The food is prepared in a open kitchen that anyone can view. The seating arrangement here is a huge plus too - unlike many other spots, Sate Kampar doesn't try to stack people on top of one another; plenty of space for you and your party.First time coming here and overall first impression was just okay. There is no outdoor seating which was disappointing as we went on a beautiful night. The service was good and the waitress was helpful. The menu itself is small. The entrees don't come with sides, you must order separately. Had I not ordered rice it would have just been a bowl of beef. I got the Rendang Danging which was tasty and had really yummy coconut flavor to it. My friend's meals were not impressive at all and lackluster in terms of flavor (I believe they got the Kerabu and the Nasi Ulam). We've been wanting to try this place so we're glad to check it off the bucket list, but it wasn't good enough to return. There are so many other delicious places in Philly to try.Saté Kampar is a BYOB Malaysian spot on passyunk. My first time trying Malaysian food and I really enjoyed it! Had the rendang daging (braised beef), otak otak nyonya (fish soufflé), nasi lemak bungkus (coconut rice w/ sambas, peanuts, egg, and anchovies), and saté. Most of the dishes had coconut cream in them (which I love!) and great flavor. The beef dish was tender and great with the coconut rice dish. The fish soufflé was different, light, and delicious. For saté we tried the beef and pork skewers. They were both tasty and cooked well, but you know...skewers. I preferred the other dishes for their interesting flavor profiles. I would definitely get the all the dishes again, maybe skip the skewers next time and save some room to try their dessert!Sat at the bar on a Sunday night. The place was nicely packed, some people were celebrating birthdays and everyone in the restaurant joined in on singing, it was cute. The staff is so helpful in terms of explaining what is in each dish. The food was so delicious. The braised beef was so flavorful and tender, the coconut rice with spicy sambal was a bit too spicy for me but the cucumbers and peanuts created a great balance. I wasn't going to get any dessert but it sounded so good when they explained it! So I got the tapioca pudding, it comes in the middle of nice creamy coconut cream and they pour coconut nectar on top of it next to you. They were also super nice to give me a little sample of their frothy black tea with milk. Loved this place!Chicken Sate Kajang is marinated chicken skewers served with peanut sauce.  The sate was pretty good, definitely bar food that would be great with a drink or two.  It's simple food, but I appreciate the cooking over coconut charcoal. 
Nasi Ulam is rice with shredded fish, bean sprouts, and a chili sauce.  This was very good.  It's a hearty dish that I tend to mix together, I'm not even sure if that is how it is intended to be eaten. 
Rendang Daging is a thick flavorful shredded beef, almost a paste.  Terrific for mixing with rice and some pickled vegetables.  
Ku-Mah's Achat: pickled vegetables.  These might be the absolute highlight of what we ate that night.  The crispy vegetables were deliciously seasoned.  This is a must get dish. 
Coffee with condensed milk is like a dessert all by itself.  They make a half tea, half coffee drink that was pretty terrific.
The service was friendly and attentive.  
I love the look of this place.  The yellow lighting, exposed brick, and open kitchen make for a laid back air.  
BYOBStumbled across here late on a Thursday night, and despite not knowing how to pronounce anything on the menu, we went in.  The decor and atmosphere were on point- hip vibe with Malaysian feel (not that I have ever been there but I'd imagine). 
Servers were very helpful and took the time to explain everything on the menu as well as make recommendations. We got several of the skewers, nasi ulam, and the pickled vegetables. We also tried to cordial syrup with club soda. Ps the place is BYOB so keep that in mind next time!
Everything we had was absolutely delicious! For dessert we chose one of their specials which was similar to tapioca pudding with coconut milk.
The only possible downside for some people is that the menu is rather small. I'm excited to come back and try the other dishes though!Teh Tarik is good.If service from staff could be improved upon, it'll deserve 4 stars. Will visit again but hoping for better service experience!This place is good for Sate's. Ambience is decent, service is great and food is ok. Had better Malaysian food for half the price.The food was great. The service was above and beyond. They offered so Many gluten free Options that I ended up ordering 2 dishes! They were both great! The strange drink I got was good too. A can of flower tea or something like that. It was all a happy party in my mouth.Very small portions. Food is tasty but C'mon. Even my 10 year kid were hungry coming out of there. We ended up going to Gino steaks after this.100% Delicious! We had the sharing plates and they were amazing.  In a slight food coma at the moment and can't recall the names of the dishes...I am so excited to go back again. Service was wonderful, attentive and kid friendly too.It's a cute quaint place a little outside city center. You can tell the place and food was authentic. There was a great aroma when you walk in. Waiting staff was patient and explained the menu and specials. Everything was delicious!!We ordered the pork, goat, and beef sate with both the peanut dipping sauce and pineapple peanut dipping sauce. Both sauces tasted almost similar, but had different texture. The sauces are sweet. We wished the skewers came out hot, but it was just luke warm. The flavors of the skewers were average, each meat basically was seasoned the same way. 
We ordered the rendang daging which also came out warm- would have enjoyed it more if it was hot. The flavor was good, but just a bit too sweet for me. I don't eat Malaysian cuisine much, but a lot of the dishes have too much sugar for my liking. I prefer more savory dishes. 
We ordered the nasi lemak bungkus so that we had rice to eat it with the rendang. I enjoyed the coconut rice a lot. 
The jumbo wings in the spicy garlic sauce was our favorite of the night. Can't go wrong with fried chicken.  The spicy garlic sauce had a kick to it. This dish was savory and didn't have any sugary flavor which was probably why it was our favorite.Tasty but the portion is small like an appetizer size and expensive for a dining experience. The prices stated in the pictures have changed, no menu is $8.00. Waitress was nice. Price was not.Move over Penang and Banana Leaf, there's a new Malaysian place in town,  and it is awesome. Settle in,  you're going to want to satay a while. 
Drinks: BYOB, and highly recommend bringing beer,  cider,  or vodka (or a combination) to mix with their ribena (blackcurrant syrup). There's also an extensive collection of coffee drinks. 
Vibe: Spaced out tables,  open kitchen (don't sit near it if you are prone to drooling over all the food),  laid back, casual. Good for groups, or a casual date if you want to impress them with your worldliness and not your wallet. 
Service: Super fast! Dishes come out when they're ready, so you better be eating family style. The owner and all the staff were super friendly and knowledgeable about the dishes. 
The FOOD.
Rendang dajang: You must get this. Tender beef,  flavorful sauce. They put the dangggg in rendang.
Sate kajang and sate melaka: we tried the goat,  chicken,  pork, and beef, and spent the whole time arguing over which was our favorite. Didn't really see difference in the meat marinades, just the sauces. I liked the melaka sauce better but both were great. 
Nasi lemak: The menu is correct about the flavorful packet of awesomeness. Warning: the sambal is super spicy. 
Meehoon: Flavorful vermicelli noodles. One of my favorites of the night. 
Otak otak nyonya: Curry fish situation in a banana leaf pocket, small portion, but interesting flavor. 
Kumah's achat: Crunchy pickled veggies (carrots and cucumbers) in flavorful peanut sauce. Another favorite. Sorry Auntie Grace,  you just got demoted to second favorite auntie after the one who brought us this recipe. 
Kerabu: fresh,  crunchy salad with bean sprouts,  cucumbers, carrots, and other mystery Asian greens. Large portion and very refreshing.
Dessert:
Kaya toast! This brought me back to my childhood when my dad would make this for breakfast. Thick fluffy white bread perfectly toasted and homemade kaya coconut paste: try this. 
Mochi with crunchy peanut filling: very good.
Coconut pastry with some sort of syrup: didn't love this but my friends did. 
This was a lot of food for 4 ladies, but the Philadelphia Inquirer didn't call us the Fat Four for nothing.  We were pleased with the $40ish each pricepoint. After I got home I emailed my aunts and uncles and dad (all Singaporean) a bunch of pictures to brag about the meal. Can't wait to bring him here!i really wanted to be blown away by Sate, i really did but it was underwhelming. menu is very small, portions are small but prices are a bit on the higher side. i went with a friend who's gone many times so she had recommendations of what i should have. 
i really expected all the dishes to be FLAVORFUL but i was a bit disappointed. the goat skewers were probably my favorite, definitely a must and my favorite dish of the night.
nasi lemak bungkus -this dish is spicy but decent. wish there were more ingredients in this; peanuts, anchovies and the egg were okay but i expected more in quantity
kerabu was very bland, it needed more acidity and flavors
chicken coconut curry w/ potatoes - decent but definitely a very mild curry but nothing to rave about
all in all, it was just OK,service was a bit slow but all the servers seemed knowledgeable and made sure we enjoyed our dishes. i'm a bit curious as to how they've been nominated for james beard, but that's just me.(to the tune of "Firework" by Katy Perry)
Do you ever feel a hunger running wild
Gnawing at your tum, just like a hangry child?
Do you ever feel like eating food off sticks,
Not just s'mores, you see, but pork and meat so thick?
Do you have a group who likes to BYO
and some bottles through which you'd like to blow?
Meat-eaters, vegans too - they won't be blue
Sate Kampar's got you!
You just gotta get down the Ave - this food, must have.
Just own the meal - it's got flavor, and appeal!
Sate Kampar's a firework
Prices seem steep, but food is worth
You're gonna go "Mmm mmm MM!"
As you fill your plates and tum (tum tum).
Sate Kampar's a firework
And getting there ain't lots of work
Don't sleep on the pulled tea (tea tea)
Plenty for you and more for me (me ME!)
There's something elegant in the simplicity of a meal at Sate Kampar. It's not about fancy plating, or flashes of flair. It's just an open kitchen, fresh and flavorful food, prepared consistently and prepared well. The space is comfortable, a nice fit for a date with a few options for larger groups in the back. The location is perfect, near all sorts of other bars etc for before or after dinner. Plus, after dinner (my favorite part) get the pulled tea with condensed milk. 
If you've got a big crew, work with them on a prix-fixe menu fit for everyone's dietary restrictions etc. Big fan.The food was good but not great. The portions were small. The nasi lemak bungkus was a rip off. The sate kajaj needed more salt or seasoning. The ayam goreng berempah was the only dish I liked. The ambiance of the restaurant was very nice, but I would not return for the food.Was looking forward to trying this place but was rather unimpressed. 
We ordered one of the fried chicken dishes from the list of specials (the chicken nugget equivalent), the tofu satay, the pickled vegetables, the kerabu salad, and the nasi lemak bungkus. 
Chicken nuggets: not satisfying; muted flavor
Tofu satay: avoid at all costs, very bland
Pickled vegetables: best out of everything we ordered, not very spicy but well flavored for sure
Kerabu salad: refreshing but not my favorite dish
Nasi Lemak Bungus: average; flavor was ok. Dish was mostly rice.
Though service was very pleasant and our food came out promptly, I would probably not dine here again. Would absolutely not recommend for vegetarians as most of the veggie dishes (except for the pickled vegetables) were quite bland.You should still try Sate Kampar. But... expect to pay a lot for a little. 
The good:
1) Flavor. Everything is made from scratch, even the sauces. Sate sauces are wonderfully on point. 
2) Rendang Daging. Just delicious. Stewed beef with strong pungent flavors reflecting that of curry. Had the consistency of pulled pork.
3) Service. Let's throw this one in here because our servers were sweet and knowledgable. 
The ehhh:
1) Price. Largest weight as to why I provided a 3 star rating. 
         - Rendang was $18 for a bowl containing roughly 2 cups. You'll need around 3-4 orders of coconut rice (roughly $2 a bowl) to accompany the dish... which is what I did. 
         - Nasilemak Bungkus was... $11-12? 85% of the personal plate consisted of coconut rice. 
         - Sate (5 sticks of lamb, 5 sticks of pork) totaled around $25. It's cheaper if you order 10 of the same protein. However, I wanted to try both savory (Kajang) and sweet(er) (melaka) versions. 
2) Inconsistant Satay. 
Out of the 5 sticks of lamb we received, 3 were tough and overcooked. Similar experience with pork satay. 
Compared to prior menus, February 2018 prices definitely soared. 
Rendang went from $12-13.50 in 2017 to $18 in Feb 2018. 
The problem is, you are paying a lot of money for rice (in personal plates) or need additional rice to finish a shared plate. Don't get me wrong, the coconut flavored rice is delicious. Best rice I've ever had? Nope. Also, if I'm paying roughly $2.5 per satay skewer, I expect it to be cooked well, especially when there's little meat to begin with. 
Spent $80 for a dinner for two. Worth it the price tag? Not so much.I am by no means an expert on Malaysian food, as I've only had it a few times, but this is a good different than what I've been to in the past. Without looking at the menu, I had assumed we'd be diving into some roti canai and possibly a noodle and/or curry dish. However, their small and authentic menu is different than that.
It's located in the bustling East Passyunk area and is inside an old storefront as there were tables in the window display areas, which was pretty cool. Fortunately, there wasn't a wait for two and we got seated immediately. They're a byob, but have a unique little square bar in the middle left of the restaurant. They have a cool list of teas and coffees to choose from - hot and iced...I got their iced coffee with milk and it hit the spot.
You can customize most things on the menu to be vegetarian, which is nice, as I had no idea what any of the dishes were.
Nasilemak Bungkus (no anchovies) - my favorite dish and perhaps one of my favorite rice dishes ever. The rice was cooked to perfection - not sticky nor dry and cooked slightly sweet...the peanuts provided a supplemental crunch, while the egg provided additional texture. It was neatly wrapped in a banana leaf. When you add in the hot sauce and extra peanut sauce, amazing!
Sate Kajang Tofu - these were char grilled tofu skewers with peanut sauce. Simple but flavored nicely and tasted delicious. Are them individually and cut some up and threw them in the rice.
Tauhu Sumbat - slices of fried tofu on top of bean sprouts and carrots - relatively flavorless as those ingredients don't have much taste, but it was fine.
Special - there was a special of something that is similar to spring rolls that were super tasty - again, they were simple - fried rolls with bean sprouts and carrots, but they were so good.
Fantastic restaurant and I will be back.Sate Kampar pretty much had me at "Malaysian Street Food". I quickly bookmarked this new restaurant and tried it tonight. Sate Kampar is a newer addition on East Passayunk and we all held high hopes.
The Good:
-The Rendang Daging, which is slow, cooked beef in spices and coconut cream was outstanding. This was the best Rendang I have had during my experiences at Indonesian and Malaysians restaurants.
-The Ayam Kurma was also very good in a very tasty coconut curry type sauce.
-Sate Kampar is a pretty cool place. It has a really unique street kampang sort of vibe.
-Service was very good and the food came out fast. Our server was helpful and pleasant. The presentation with the banana leaves was quite nice also.
The Disappointing:
-The satay was very good, the chicken was tender and moist and had a great grilled taste. However their two sauces were just OK. I really missed the more typical creamy and spicy strong peanut sauce I am accustomed to at Thai, Indonesian and other Malay restaurants.
-The prices for some items are a bit expensive for "street food", especially compared to China town.
-The menu was fairly small. 
-Because it is an open kitchen and they grill the satay, the dining area can get a little smoke filled. We did smell sort of grill like when we left.
-The dessert was basically toast, butter and coconut jam. This was definitely not worth it and a big let down.
I would go back for the Rendang but I am certainly not in a hurry. Cool place, nice concept, and an awesome setting but pricey for street food. 
3 Yelp Stars, just A-OK, a bit too pricey to be more.Went here for brunch right when they opened on a calm Sunday. Their menu is a bit more limited than their dinner menu but does not lack the punch. Great decor and nice bar area to watch them make specialty coffee and tea drinks. We ordered Kopi (milk coffee) and Iced lime tea. The Kopi was so rich and delicious it could have been our dessert for sure. Rich flavor, which was contrasted with the iced lime tea. Super refreshing, lime-lime-lime flavor that was addictive. For food we ordered the Nasi lemak bungkus (coconut soaked rice with roasted peanuts, small anchovies strips and a hard-boiled egg all wrapped in a banana leaf. Super great sweet/salt contrasting of flavor between the coconut rice and peanuts/anchovies. I had the Kerabu Mee Hoon which consisted of rice vermicelli salad with cucumbers, carrots, and ginger. It was topped with lime and shredded fish with coconut. Too much lime you say? Never! Went great with my drink and could have eaten a whole tub of this stuff. Service was great and friendly. Only thing I would have liked is a 2 dollar reduction on the dishes due to size. Yes, I am a fat American eating award winning Asian cuisine, but beef it up for brunch if I am paying 12 dollars for a vermicelli or rice mainstay dish. Overall, great! Cannot wait to come back for dinner to try their skewered meats!This place is good for Sate's. Ambience is decent, service is great and food is ok. Had better Malaysian food!Sate Kampar had been bookmarked on my Yelp account for several months. I finally visited with a friend and was happy to find it didn't disappoint. The restaurant is simple and sleek but not overwhelmingly modern, so it still feels cozy and quaint. 
I wanted to try the vegetarian and vegan options the menu had to offer but decided not to get any of the tofu sate skewers. I tried the Tauhu sambat which is a tofu appetizer, the Ketupat - a rice dumpling cooked in a woven coconut leaf with peanut sauce, Ku-Mahs achat - pickled veggies, and the Nasilemak Bungkus which is coconut rice dish cooked in a banana leaf packet. Everything was very good but the stand outs for me were the pickled veggies and the coconut rice dish.   The veggies had a spicy peanut sauce that was delicious and the coconut rice dish has excellent flavors. 
We also had the desserts that they offer.  The desserts options are not overly sweet or decadent so if you are dessert lover it may not be your thing but for me they were interesting to try.  The tapioca with coconut milk and syrup was very good. If you love coconut flavors this is your place!
My friend who is not vegetarian got a couple different choices of sate skewers and said the flavors were great. 
Overall I think this a great option whether you enjoy this type of cuisine or if you like trying new places. I thought the portions were adequate for the price and the food was enjoyable. The service was pleasant and welcoming. Our server was excellent and super friendly. The owner also came over to chat with us towards the end of our meal. The commitment and passion for the business is evident.Sate Kampar is a unique and refreshing dinner spot in South Philadelphia. 
Although the food is delicious, the tea drinks are exceptional. The restaurant was empty when we arrived and, to our surprise, a Philadelphia food tour rolled through. We were able to watch the owner and staff explain and make their signature tea drinks for the group. 
We ended up getting Cham: half coffee, half tea, mixed with condensed milk. The Cham was so unbelievably delicious, we've been making Malaysian Cham at home on a regular basis. 
The other dishes were specials for the evening + the classic rendang. To our surprise, the herb salad was wildly spicy. The other two dishes were more mild, and my husband's favorite was the pickled vegetables in peanut sauce.
All around delicious. Unique enough to make it worth spending an extra twenty on date night.Went for late night snack chicken skewers were yummy charcoal/cumin-y taste w/ the sweet peanut sauce (Sate Melaka) and after 10pm Jawn (was like an asian style grilled cheese with a little spice) we liked the cucumbers in it. Staff friendly!So I am giving this place a 5 because of the nostalgia. 
You walk in and it smells like you're in the night markets of Southeast Asia. And what's even more insane is you can smell the sate burning over the imported coconut charcoal 2 miles down. 
Food 5/5 
We got the goat sate, Nasi Lemak Bungus, Mee Hoon Goreng Bungkus and the Rendang daging. 
Out of these I highly recommend the Rendang daging. Seriously oh my god. The beef is extremely flavorful and the beef essentially melts in your mouth. I loved the Nasi Lemak Bungus which is what I would recommend next.
I think the Mee Hoon Goreng Bungkus was ok. I'm not sure if it was supposed to be cold but it was. And it wasn't that flavorful. I don't recommend that unless you're just looking for a taste of noodles. 
As far as the Sate, I loved it too. It was my first time trying goat and I didn't honestly like the meat but the spices still made it delicious. Next time, I'll go there for beef or chicken.
Customer Service 4/5
I didn't really see our waitress a lot and I"m guess it was busy but I honestly had more luck waving people over. 
Some warnings:
-one bathroom - yes there will be a line. 
-it's BYOB
-They don't take reservations on Fridays - Sundays (yes I tried)
-Parking is terrible in the area but you should know that if you're in the PHL area
- RICE - soooo they don't offer white rice with their savory dishes (aka the beef I wrote about doesn't come with rice). You do pay extra AND it's small portions. Just a heads up since I did have a conversation about this in the bathroom line. 
-be prepared for a wait for your sate - she has to make them herself :) so make sure to order things right off the bat when you're there.
Get the kaya toastI never expected to find good Asian food outside of Chinatown. Welp, here it is!
We always start the meal off with some skewers. All meats are great so you can't go wrong with any of them. 
Hands down they have the best beef ren dang in town! 
Skip the tauhu sumbat. It seemed like a fun healthy vegetarian option, it was not very good. The raw bean sprouts really overpower everything else in the tofu pocket and kind of ruins the experience. 
Ayam kurma is curry chicken and potatoes, one of my favorite dishes. The chicken is so tender and the potatoes basically fall apart in your mouth. I love it!
Nasi lemak is also very good. Anchovies sound and look kind of gross but it is expertly prepared. I highly recommend it. 
The portions are all kind of small so maybe order 1.5 entrees per person. 
This place is always busy so be warned.Really wanted to love this place. $18 for beef rendang (a bowl of shredded beef) without any sides to accompany it? Not even rice? Nope, that's an extra $3. Tasty, but overpriced. Mediocre service. Would rather go to Banana Leaf or Penang in Chinatown!Out of this world...whatever you get is beyond delicious. All the servers are super helpful. This gives me something I didn't even know was missing!!Returned again years later to give it another try now that it's made it onto Philly Mag's 50 best. I can confirm that service still sucks and the food is really not all that great. The beef rendang was decent but overly priced! I'm surprised that it did not come with any rice and when you ordered a side of it, it was such a meager amount. The goat skewers were under seasoned and beyond bland so I had to ask for salt. And lastly the Mee Hoon noodles - okay, how did this even get onto the menu. I love noodles and I can usually eat any types of noodles but this was awful. Dry and overly cabbaged (if that's even possible, as i love cabbage). 
I love Malaysian in general. I gave this place a second try. Sorry, can't do it again.4.0/5
[4.5/5 food, 3.0/5 value...ambiance somewhere between 4-5 so that the overall average comes out to 4.0 ;)]
Takeaway: Tasty food, but small portions and expensive. 
I really enjoyed the sauce / curry of the dishes at Sate Kampar. The chicken skewers were also really tasty, and the interior decor was pretty cute. However, I definitely left my meal a little hangry! I could do their portions x2...This place is great. Hear about on an NPR segment and was going to visit from Houston, so decided to try it out. Only got to make it to the lunch hour menu which was great. We did a family style and ordered three dishes and all shared. 
Wish we would have came to the dinner hour really, but it was still great. The pulled tea is soo satisfying to watch but more amazing to drink! Oh staff was super nice too! Will be back for sureeeExcellent food, excellent decor, and excellent service.  We ordered both types of chicken sates, a fish souffle, beef rendang, and a rice dish with hard-boiled egg and a very spicy sauce with peanut halves.  Everything was great.  The chicken sate was crispy and juicy, and so flavorful that it didn't need the sauces.  Prices were very reasonable, too.This place is outstanding!!  The food is authentic, the prices are really reasonable & the space was rehabbed to look just like you're in a restaurant in Malaysia!! HIGHLY recommended & l'm amazed it's not a solid 5 stars!  Enjoy.Overprice for little small "nasi bungkus". In my country, it called "nasi kucing" because of the portion enough for a cat ...meow...Authentic Malaysian food that reminds me of home! The ambiance is cozy. The decor is old school Malaysian from the rooster print bowls and the marble table tops. The menu is relatively small compared to other established Malaysian restaurants in Chinatown but every dish is thoughtfully made and executed well. Portions are also true to what you'd find in Malaysia. 
I'd recommend the starting out with a ice cold glass of Milo, a chocolate malt drink or Teh-ais, iced milk tea. Order the chicken satay that comes with a beautiful peanut sauce. Move on to the nasi lemak bunkus, a Malaysian favorite that consists of coconut rice with a spicy sambal (amazing) or the tender beef rendang over coconut rice (yum!). They frequently have daily specials so lookout for that! I've gotten a squid sambal before and thought it was just as great as the other entrees.
My mouth is watering as I'm writing this. Can't wait for my next trip down to east passyunk.I would rate this place 4 stars. The food was filled with flavor. We really enjoyed the chicken satay, pork satay, beef rendang, and chicken rendang. This restaurant was super packed for a Thursday night.We ordered delivery via Caviar.  Delivery was timely.  The Nasi Lemak Bungkus was delicious.  The Ayam Kurma was bland.  The Vegetarian Sate Kajang was tasty though nothing special.  I'd give Sate Kampar 3 or 4 stars, except for one thing:  price to portion.  The portions are really small and the prices very high for what you get.  The tab came to $45 and we felt fleeced.  Others have had the same reaction and they are correct.Overpriced and substandard food. The service was good but the food was too sweet and lacked proper ethic flavor. The nasi lemak (fried rice with coconut) turned out to be plain rice with a bit of beans on the side. The fried chicken sambal special was fried so much that it became  chewy and dry and very hard to stomach. Even the satay was not upto expectations and the peanut  sauce was sugary sweet. Having really young students prepare meals instead of a proper chef is what makes the food so unprofessional and disappointing at this restaurant.Interesting place! I think this is the first time I went to any Malaysian restaurant. I didn't know much, what to expect, but it was not too bad. It was crowded, so I could tell it's quiet a popular place to eat around the area. Parking situation around the area is tricky, had to make a couple of rounds to find a street parking. Anyhow, I had Goat Sate, and Chicken dish. Everything tasted very coconutty and sweet, I would have liked a hint of spice along with the sweet, but I guess that's how the authentic Malaysian counsine taste. If you are not fond of sweet food then you will probably not enjoy the food all that much. Having said that, it was an interesting experience.Picked this place as it made Philly Mag Top 50 2018. With that honor comes a level of expectation, meaning you expect to be wowed because only the best restaurants make the Top 50 right? Not quite. Must've been a typo because my experience at Sate tonight was one of the worst I've had in the city, and I've eaten my way through the city.
Walking in, it was hard to tell if there was a host somewhere or who even was the host? An employee took it upon himself to seat us, aka walk us 20 feet to a "host" on an iPad. We made reservations and were placed in a seat by the kitchen because "the other spots for two were full" (we were there for 2 1/2 hours and there were maybe five tables the whole time). 
The service was odd. There were clearly staff present but one poor employee was serving all the tables sort of frantically...sometimes. I cannot testify to what the other staff were doing, as my back was facing them, but no one else was to be seen. One girl came to clear plates once that wasn't our sever idk. Dirty plates remained on the table for the entire 2 1/2 hours we were there. No one filled waters. No one offered to uncork our wine. Table was largely neglected. Again, we were there for a long time and the place was mostly empty, so I'm failing to find a way to justify the neglectful service.
The food was lackluster. Like, still asking myself how this made Top 50. Our bill for two was $52 and for that, we got five dinky chicken skewers; a small bowl of beef; and a small thing of rice with some stuff on it. I'm still hungry!! The dish we got won some kind of honor and like, it wasn't that it tasted that bad, but award winning?? Nah. None of us said anything about the food, but our silence was pretty telling.
This review is super negative, I know, but I really wanted to experience Malaysian cuisine, emphasis on the experience, and I ended up not getting that and leaving hungry. My boyfriend and the majority of my friends work in the service industry, so I like to think I get it and am extremely empathetic to the experience of a restaurant staff. I tip well and try to be very understanding because I know working in restaurants sucks and it's hard. Yet I'm still scratching my head at this experience and I'm hangry going to bed right now, which is highly annoying. I'm also questioning the validity of Philly Mag Top 50, which, as a foodie and a lover of all things Philly, is sort of a let down. I'm definitely not going to recommend going here and I'm going to advise that you don't give it a shot. I read the negative reviews before I went and thought, "Well they're the minority! It'll be fine." Eh.Thoroughly enjoyed my meal here.  They had fiddleheads on special but they were not vegetarian. By letting them know in advance I did not eat meat they gave the waitstaff a heads up.  I had a delicious plate of vegetarian fiddleheads!  The tofu skewers are top notch!  Great flavor even without the dipping sauce.  This sauce is a delicious peanut based concoction and is NOT spicy for those of us afraid of heat.
My husband ordered the beef skewers and was delighted!  He is also a fan of spice so he enjoyed all the sauces that were spicy. 
He did not enjoy the coffee.  He ordered regular coffee with sugar, he said it was so sweet he could barely drink it.  His failt for not knowing what Malasian coffee tastes like!
TIP!  You can order the malasian deliciousness without anchovies and eggs to make it vegan.  Yum!Sate Kampar is a great restaurant that offers some delicious unique food. Overall, the atmosphere is great: fairly quiet, relaxed, and friendly and helpful staff.
For dinner we ordered all of the Sate Kajang options, 5 sticks each. Additionally, we ordered the pork Sate Melaka. Finally we also ordered a side of Tauhu Sumbat. We all agreed that we could have gone without the Sate Melaka, first it's sauce wasn't nearly as delicious as the peanut sauce served with the Kajang. Second, the texture of the pork was almost mealy - as if it was overcooked. The goat was cooked perfectly and was my favorite of all of the dishes.
The biggest issue was the cost compared to the amount food you get. I wanted more and if the sticks were $2.00 less, I'd have ordered an irrational amount of food. It's really good but to order the amount of food to get completely full gets expensive, quick.
Also, it is a BYOB, which is a plus in my book.