I always enjoy the food I get at Sazon.  They are vegan friendly and gluten free friendly.  They're a tad on the pricier side for casual fare, but the food is worth it.Loved this place. wanted to try it for years. My only regret is having waited so long. Judy and Robert are the owners and seemed to be operating the whole "front" on their own. They both found time to talk and interact with us, my two daughters and my sister. I had the "Patacon" with beef and ham. Loved every bite. Fresh tomato and avocado, tender shredded, perfectly seasoned beef and a thick slice of ham perfection, all sandwiched between two crispy tostones. We started off with fried plantains and a sampler that included mini arepas, mini empenada and tequenas, soft mild cheese wrapped in dough and fried. All of it delicious. For dessert my girls had house made tropical frozen fruit pops. My older daughter and I had hot chocolate. Not anything like I've ever had before, but wonderful and very dark. My sister had and loved the cacao tea. 
Can't wait to go back and try everything.The arepas are truly delicious and taste just like they were made in Venezuela! I had the mechada (shredded beef) empanada and it was just okay... I wish the beef had a little more flavor and was a little warmer inside the empanada; the beef was somewhat cold. I am definitely going to go back though!Excellent Venezuelan food! Gluten free options and wonderful deserts!. Had a wonderful time! Excellent and friendly service, delicious food, and remarkable selection of high quality chocolate. I would recommend this place to anyone.Small, friendly, cash-only BYOB with excellent food. Sancocho & asado negro were excellent! Portions are reasonable and prices are a bit on the high side but worth the quality, presentation, and flavor.Fantastic food. I love the sancocho here (although it is a bit greasy) and is one of the only places I've found in Philly that does a good sancocho. the Patacon was also VERY good, and after having some of my friend's, decided that I wanted to come back and get one of my own. We also got a few of the truffles, which are AMAZING!!! Love them!!
I later came back with some other friends for hot chocolate and truffles, and the hot chocolate was DELICIOUS!!!! Tried a few more of the truffles, and yep, still love them. They were out of the churros and chocolate that day (sadness) but hopefully will be back and next time they'll have them.I was hoping i would've liked this place more.  The bean/cheese arepa i ordered was just bland.  The arepa itself did not have any flavor.  This was my first arepa and i though it would have a better taste.  The bean overwhelmed the sandwich.  The bf had a tasty chicken soup and sandwich.  The best part of my dining experience was the guava juice made in house.  Sorry to say there was nothing special about this place.  We did not partake in any of the chocolates.Coming from a Venezuelan, this was a terrible food quality experience, tequenos were terrible also pabellon empanada was over fried and filling was still coldVery creative, great atmosphere. Must try the truffles. The Venezuelan cuisine is delicious, and the owners are friendly.Stopped in for dessert.  Very entertained by Roberto--very informative having lived in Venezuela and loving his wife's family and culture there.  A review of everything we tried:
Yuca churros with chocolate- wow
Super juice- a secret!!  It's super. May need to ask if you want to try. Raw chocolate beans puréed with berries. A cold drink
La cuaima-spicy!!
Lucky Kentucky-the favorite. Very thick. Everyone loves. Must eat with spoon. I enjoyed a spoon dipped in this and dipped in the spicy la cuaima!
Flan- jack says it was ok, it was good, I like it
Smurf truffle- very tasty
Avocado pistachio truffle- def not sweet. I imagine very healthy :)
Darkest hot chocolate with orange- goodI had high hopes for this place, but it turned out to be overpriced and most of the food was small in portion size and lacking in flavor. I would still go back to try some of the dessert! I'm an optimist!I am only reviewing the hot chocolate, and Sazon deserves 5 stars for that! It's definitely the best hot chocolate I've ever had, better than Angelina in Paris. I wish the place had a coffeeshop style section where one can go sip chocolate and read.Quaint, authentic Venezuelan cuisine with a touch of Caribbean flavors. Byob and cash only establishment which adds to it's charm and neighborhood appeal. Gluten-free yet still very tasty meals. I'm not a fan of flan but the chocolate flan melts in your mouth. Their meals are consistent and brings us back frequently. We've tried all of it and it is all good.Good little BYOB tucked away on an unassuming strip of Spring Garden. Arepas and enchiladas were both delicious- I would recommend the pork or steak. Service was a little slow, but likely because one server was manning the entire restaurant.Excellent  authentic cuisine. If you like a little spice def order hot sauce. Snapper was incredible and highly flavor able without being heavy. I hear one of their specialities is hot chocolate. Didn't have a chance to try it, but based on the homemade truffles it would most likely be amazing. BYOB.I went there for a Sunday brunch. The waiter was nice and place is comfortable.  I tried the La Selva, but I feel that it is too brand. I guess vegetarian food and Venezuelan do not go well together.Loved it! My boyfriend is very allergic to gluten. He found Sazon online and decided to try it out. I love Venezuelan cuisine so I was excited when he surprised me with a dinner date. He didn't get sick at all, which almost never happens when we eat out. They use a separate fryer for gluten free customers! We will definitely be back.This place doesn't get the recognition that it should, it should be packed almost every night. My friends came here after playing tennis. After ordering the sample appetizer dish, I was ready for more food. I got the skirt steak with yuca b/c I LOVEEEEEEE steak and yuca. 
Friend got the beef stew and it smelled delicious!!! I think I want to try that next time!!!This place is super cute and fun. My friend and I both got Arepas, which were delicious and a decent amount of food for 10 dollars each. We both got the guac/chicken/mayo ones. I forget the name. We also got the churros which were AMAZING-- though they were $10.50, as another reviewer said. However, it seemed like they gave us four or five pretty good sized ones, and more chocolate sauce than we could handle. It seemed like a good sized dessert for two which made the price not too outrageous. Also ridiculously delicious. I will probably be going back.this place is one my absolute favorites. the decor is awesome too! favorite dishes are the vegetarian arepa, Assad negro and the vegetarian pablon - SO delicious. the French fries are served built in a jenga tower. the fried plantains are amazing and the dessert truffles are made from raw ingredients on site and are unreal. byob!Finally made it here and it was delicious. Laid back and casual, with a very friendly and attentive owner. She was also great with the 2 young kids we had in tow, bringing lidded cups with straws and extra plates for sharing without us asking. My friend is vegetarian and I am gluten-free and we had tons of great menu options. Between us and the kids we shared the plantains, the brown rice with raisins (big hit), black beans, broccoli, Venezuelan vegetarian soup, and the plain, paluda (beef) and pernil (pork) arapas. Everything was perfect. Great place for take-out too. Slight downer it's cash only. I get it, just not the best at planning ahead.Hands down, the best restaurant I've tried in years!
I've tried 3 varieties of the empanadas, the best is the black bean, cheese, and pork trio.  Yes, I think the empanadas are a little pricey (at Casona, a Cuban place in Collingswood, you get 3 similar sized empanadas for the same price as one at Sazon).  Anyway, the fried yucca, plantains, and tostones are equally as delicious.  
I've had the arepas a few times, the best being the pork pernil, absolutely delicious flavor.  I just tried the beef one and it was also seasoned well.
My all time favorite dish and the reason for the 5 stars is the Patacon.  You have to try this for yourself!  It's two tostones with the pork pernil, avocado, cheese, some amazing sauce, and I can't remember what else at this point.  This will be a dish I get every time I go!
I lied, the other reason for the 5 stars is the delicious hot chocolates.  They seem to be seasonal and I've had the Classico, one with pineapple, and one with a darker chocolate mix.  Exquisite!  The flan is also very good.
I have to give a mention to the owners and servers...  Everyone is super friendly, helps you decide what to order, and great to talk to.  
LOVE THIS PLACE!I was extremely disappointed with both the food and service provided by Sazon.  My girlfriend and I ordered the Carne Asado and the Red Snapper.
     My dish, the Carne Asado, was tough and dried out, like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for the past six hours.  It's only redeeming quality was the delicious, sweet sauce that it came smothered in. 
      My girlfriends entree, the Red Snapper, was revolting.  Now, I have had freshly caught Snapper before, and when I say freshly caught, I mean, I caught it and ate it that day.  Snapper is not supposed to have an overpoweringly fishy or muddy taste.  Yet my girlfriends "Snapper" tasted more like carp caught from the Fairmount Dam.  This leads me to believe that either the Snapper was not cleaned or handled properly, or it was not Snapper at all.
     On top of that our service was B-A-D. There were about two other groups there, yet we had to flag our waitress down several times.  The worst part is, at one point, she asked us for our orders, and before we could respond she said, "excuse me, I need to go talk to someone for a second."  She then proceeded to walk over to a couple was being seated that she apparently recognized, and talk to them as if she hadn't just asked us what we wanted to order.
     Despite some of the other glowing reviews, the combination of terrible service and mediocre-to-downright repellent food is going to keep me away from this place for the foreseeable future.Eating here is always a pleasure. The food is excellent. Being gluten free it's always a challenge eating out---until now. Gluten free without worry...I love it.Shame on me for not writing sooner. It's not like Sazon just opened, or has critics raving in Philly Mag/Uwishunu/VisitPhilly/Easter or another Philly media empire. But they should. Yes. They. Should.
Sazon is exactly what Philly needs more of--authentic, low-key, homey, ethnic spots that are nice enough for a date/double date, takes reservations, and are BYO.
I've eaten here a few times and tried different things on each visit. The arepa (bad description is a corn pita sandwich) was unbelievable. And big. The seafood stew was great. The chicken tower of plantain deliciousness (not the official name) was plentiful and filling... though slightly dry.  The pabellon empanada knocked my socks off.
Service is a bit slow, or what we called "Island time" in Central America. But bring a bottle or two, and the time will go by quickly.
Am dying to try the Venezuela inspired brunch. Probably will. Maybe this weekend. You should too.Love the food here and the owners are so nice. We had our baby with us on a Saturday night and felt right at home at the counter seating. Our one year old enjoyed trying the empanadas, tequenos, and more!Just ok. Have been to this place several times hoping for more. 
The arepas are NOT made from corn, but processed corn meal. The food is bland and not worth the money (everything is overpriced). And NO, it is NOT authentic Venezuelan food. 
Their Mexican hot sauce is good (yeah Mexican). The tequenos and chicha are good too. Hot chocolate is good but too dense for my taste (some people love it).
The service is friendly and the place is clean. 
Brunch is overpriced $12.50 for an omelet? Really?
Desserts are good, but again overpriced.
Will not go back to this place.I fell in love with this little restaurant. Although it was hard to find at first, once we walked in the smell awaken my taste buds. The food was very delicious, and a great place to go with fam and friends. I bumped it down to 4 stars because the waitress was rude, and attended to the gentlemen more than the women.Yuuuummmmmmm! Fresh, delicious, homemade-tasting goodness! This was my first taste of Venezuelan food, and I want more! I cannot wait to go back and work my way through the menu!This is must try restaurant. This is my favorite Venezuelan restaurant and I have been to many across the country. I am Venezuelan and I can tell you this is Authentic Venezuelan food made with fresh ingredients, spices and true dedication. The owners are friendly and hard working. This is a very vegetarian and vegan fri sly restaurant despite of having the traditional pork, meat and chicken venezuelan dishes. Make sure you have some chocolate for dessert! The owner is a fine chocolate maker. This is cash only and BYOB.I'm such a fan! Came on a quiet Sunday afternoon around 3pm so it was before any type of rush. Colorful decor.Parking was easy. Ordered small and large plates. The best to try? The Empanadas! Delicious and flavorful. Also had a side of yuca (their version of fries) and it came with this delicious garlic aoili. I'm already trying to figure out how to go back to this place. Delicious. It's BYOB. Also! I heard they cater, so that's a fun fact.The food was absolutely amazing. Chef Judith was my cook,  my host and waitress.  I would recommend Sazon to anyone looking for an aforable and delectable dinner!This place is SO GOOD. My husband and I love arepas, and it's hard to find really good ones on the east coast. I had the Pabellon (incredible--the sweet plantain is so good and if you add the hot sauce they provide it takes it to another level), and my husband had the Pernil. We split some Tequenos, which are like mild mozzarella sticks...they tasted fresh. I know that sounds weird, but they were light and the dipping sauce was so herby and flavorful.
They also have a chocolate shop called The Chocolate Alchemist, so we had a classic hot chocolate and some homemade truffles. If you are a fan of real, true dark chocolate, this will be heaven for you. 
We can't wait to go back and try more! (PS: Like lots of Philly: Cash only!)Me encanta el trato de los empleados los dueños son súper atentos y amables me encanta la comida es deliciosa siempre voy porque me siento en casa como venezolana que soy las hallacas son ricas mmmmmmGreat place to have a brunch and truffles, which are amazing. The menu is also gluten fee. Arepas are amazing and you can have anything with them. You can also order something to go. The staff is amazing, friendly, and welcoming. I would definitely go back there. Great place.Excellent service, friendly helpful owner that will explain the various delicious dishes. You can taste the love and the pride in each dish.
The chocolate master is beyond an expert in his craft - delicious real chocolate treats made in house from the beans. Save some time (and money as they are pricey) for some post-dinner treats.The food is what keeps me coming back. Service is sub par. The waiter talks to tables too much so you never get his full attention unless you yell "Robert!".I absolutely love this place!! We need more Spanish /Latin restaurants in this area! I love their arepas and their dishes. I've never had a bad meal here. Definitely recommend the pabellón dish, it's so juicy and tender and full of flavors. The staff is very friendly and helpful. They also specialize in chocolate and it is out of this world good. Also recommend that as wellfirst time there and had a wonderful time saturday night.  Husband (Frank) and wife team running it with one server and they could not have been nicer or more enthusiastic.  Relaxing, not too crowded; well priced and very tasty food.  The hot chocolate menu is really great and Frank makes his own truffles with are excellent as well.  A very unique philadelphia place that everyone should support.Oh brunch. I love you so much for all your merits: Delicious breakfasty food at a later weekend hour, potentially daydrinking, a generally relaxed atmosphere best shared with good friends. But GOD, do I hate the inevitable side effects that come with all the usual brunch spots in the city: Standing in line and waiting like cattle for upwards of an hour sometimes, and for what? Overpriced, overly indulgent meals that leave you food comatose for the rest of the day, and that feeling that droves of people are waiting for you to hurry up and give up the precious table so they can gorge as well. No thanks!
I've decided that the older I get, the less I want to wait for my food, the less I want to overpay for mimosas, and the less I want to ingest cream-stuffed french toast. 
So I will gladly opt to go to Sazón any time before I return to Sabrina's/Cafe Lift/Green Eggs, etc. I'll be revealing one of my top secret favorite underhyped restaurants now, but I love them and I want them to stick around, so here goes: Sazón is THE BEST brunch spot in Philadelphia, hands down. It is never full, so no wait. The food is .... Un-be-LEIVE-ably good, and in the "this is scrumptious without being greasy or dairy-laden" way. It's a byo, so no overpriced mimosas. And the owner and cook, Judy, is the sweetest and makes you feel like family.
Dinner and lunch is delicious here too -- love their arroz con pollo especially -- but I normally go there for brunch. Here are my top picks: Cuajado de Pescado. Amazing. It's a fish omelette with plantains inside and a huge side salad with two mini arepas with cheese. And yes I know an omelette with fish and plantains sounds like it won't go well together, but oh, it does. It so very much does.
The arepas are all superb, and the sanchocho is also a favorite for when it's colder outside. I love their ensalada verde with chicken added when I want something light. Tostones and platanos maduros are always on point.
This place is also gluten-free people friendly, so if you have gluten intolerant friends, most of its menu is sans gluten which is exciting to them, since it's usually slim pickings.
Oh and the chocolates.... My fiancee won't leave here without getting a Pitufo (blue Smurf) truffle. The other owner, Judy's husband, is a chocolatier and his pure cacao truffles are the perfect cap to an incredible brunch.I don't know why don't come here more often! I grew up in Caracas, Venezuela so it really feels like home. I had the tequenos, tostones and the arepa con carne mechada!!!i was soooo full but had to try  Some dessert. I had the churros with some hot melted chocolate on the side! Everything was so delicious! I think there was just this one lady working that was like super woman! She took care of every single table and she was super sweet!I love this place.  Now that I'm new to Yelp I want to revisit all my favorite places and review them.  Sazon has amazing food and the owners are very friendly and welcoming.  I LOVE the hot chocolate here.  Sloppy Jose is amazing and the Chulettas aren't too bad either! ;-)On point! You must check this spot out for the real deal Latino food. Everything on the menu is incredible. They're a BYOB, so that's icing on the cake. Get out here and support this authentic spot.My favorite meal on planet Earth is served at Sazon.  Follow this simple plan next time you're on the hunt for savory & healthy breakfast/brunch and you will be assured satisfaction.  Order the fish[/potato/plantain/tomato/magic] omelette with hearts of palm in the salad, the tostones appetizer with 3 sauces, a big Colombian coffee and a housemade Negrita (or "Smurf"/blueberry) dark chocolate truffle.  I've ordered this at least 30 times in my life and it always comes out of owner Judy's kitchen the same way.  Meticulously ingredient-fresh and perfectly executed.  Lots of adjectives here - all merited.  One of Philadelphia's finest gems.The food I had here was really good! The chicken wasn't so tasty, but everything else on the plate was especially the rice and beans....a little pricy but I guess you would expect that in this area.You might not think much of it when you see it on Spring Garden but it's definitely worth checking out. Their food is good, they are BYOB, I've never seen Venezuelan food anywhere else in Philly and they are very reasonable. Its a great place to eat if you need a little change of pace.Went to Sazon last night for dinner. We got the fried yucca, veggie arepa and carne asado. We asked for a side of the 2 salsas and guasacaca (the hot salsa and the guasacaca were awesome!!). The arepa was really disappointing - we looooove arepas and this one just didn't live up. The carne asada was good, but it honestly tasted like my Jewish grandmother's brisket. I could've gotten the exact same thing at a Jewish deli. I was hoping for something a bit more....exotic. The fried yucca were as expected - I really enjoyed them dipped in the hot salsa and gusacaca. We didn't save room for dessert, unfortunately. I'd go back for dessert, but probably not for dinner. The owner was SUPER friendly, and he was our waiter. There were only 2 or 3 servers for the entire restaurant, and there wasn't an open table when we got there. Service was therefore a bit slow, but not terrible.There are a few things working against 5 stars: Somewhat expensive, cash only, and in a crappy location. It's out of the way for me so the cab ride there and back just adds a premium. 
We tried the sampler which was spectacular. We were told we'd need to order 2 arepas or empenadas to equal a full dinner; but that turns out to be untrue. One is plenty! We had the pabellon empenada which was amazing, and the reina pepidas which was only so so. 
The chocolate was also great. Some of the best chocolate I've ever had-- especially what comes with the churros. In addition, we had a $7 hot chocolate, which was enjoyable, but expensive.
The owner Roberto served us and was very accommodating and entertaining. He will boast that it is the best Venezuelan food ever, which I couldn't judge, since I've only had it here.Haven't been to here in a while, but it's always awesome when I go. I was reminded today why a love this place. The sipping chocolate is out of the world! I recommend the Calabasa chocolate. The owners are crazy friendly and knowledgeable about their food and the chocolate. The atmosphere is comfortable, and I haven't had a single menu item yet that I wouldn't try again. I also recommend trying the churros they're incredible.Had pork sandwhich & chicken & rice to go (didn't eat there) it was ok ,wasn't great wasn't nasty, but I've had better.A nice cash only Venezuelan joint with some flavorful food. 
The arepa with cheese was a bit pricey, but authentic. 
The asado negro was good. The sauce was great, with a slight burnt taste. The problem with this was that the meat was cooked a bit too much so it was a little bit tough and dry. You get plantains, white rice, and 2 pieces of beef with this. The sauce is great spread over the white rice.
The red snapper was sub par. I felt like the fish was over cooked and there was nothing special about the tomato sauce. The yellow rice that came with it was delicious and the plantains were perfect. All in all, I wasn't a fan, but I'm not big on seafood either, so take what I said with a grain of sault.One of my favorite restaurants in all of Philadelphia! My husband and I discovered Sazon several years ago when we went to our first Union Transfer concert. Now, we make it a date tradition before every UT show. The empanadas and asada negro are probably our favorite dishes but we everything we've ever tried has been delicious.  If you're dining in a group, the appetizer sampler is a great start. Definitely try the truffles and drinking chocolate, especially the orgasmo!Sazon is one of my favorite places in the city. Because it's a byob and has a flexible seating plan, and well priced menu options, it's a great place for a casual dinner, or a special occasion. The food is always tasty, with a variety of dishes that cater to those who like a well seasoned meal, full of variety. While service can sometimes be slow, I think the experience is always worth it in the end. A great option for brunch too!Great visit from beginning to end-- flavors, service and --excellent homemade chocolates, who would not love it?There's a reason the patacon is the #1 selling item on then menu, it was really good. Besides the food, the chocolate desserts are really good and so is the service.
Update: my second visit was very disappointing..The service was incredibly slow and and the server made us wait for 30 min for dessert cause she forgot about it.Every time I go I don't understand why this place isn't flooded with people. The food is amazing. This is absolutely the best Spanish food I've had in Philadelphia and the best Patacon I've had ever. The empanadas are really good as well as the sauces they serve with it. The atmosphere is perfect for date night but also good for getting a quick bite. Definitely recommend.I loooove this place. Have been wanting to come back for a while. The arepas are authentic and deliciousThis place is as authentic as you can get!  We've been there numerous times and every single time has been on point . Try any of the Arepas , as they are absolutely exquisite. Best dish may be the Asado Negro...or is it the Pabellon Crillo... or is it the mind blowing dessert ?  It's an insult to choose just one... try everything!  Best restaraunt in Spring Arts!We went here as a big group for my birthday and it was absolutely perfect! It's BYOB so we brought several bottles of wine and there is no corkage fee. 
The food was flavorful and delicious! We tried several of the arepas including the mechada and reina pepiada which were our faves. We also enjoyed the pabellon criollo and arroz con pollo.  
The service was great and the staff was very tolerant of our very loud group. 
Will definitely be going back hereExcellent food and service. We walked in and they accommodated us on a very busy Saturday night. Will make reservation next timeEmpanadas and arepas to die for! Drinking chocolate like you will find no where else. Very homey atmosphere with great serviceI heard good things about Sazon, so I went for brunch on Sunday (the entire menu is available at brunch, something I appreciate).   Of course, I went to Sazon for Venezuelan dishes, like arepas, and even though the server told us that "everything is Venezuelan", there are plenty of American dishes on the menu (Sloppy Joe, hamburger, grilled Portobello, etc.).  We ordered the Sazon sampler plate of appetizers (of course) and were delighted by the fried arepas coming with this order.  All items were beautifully fried, but the bean and cheese empanada, and the cheese-filled tequeños did not reach the "must-have" status of the arepas.  The chicken soup my companion ordered was a disappointment:  thin and extremely greasy, it had not much to recommend itself.  Back to arepas: we tried the Pernil (roasted pork marinated in orange juice with lots of fried onions).  It was tasty and satisfying.  The Reina Pepida, shredded chicken with avocado and mayonnaise (served cold), was ok and very filling.  The Tamarindo drink was a sour delight, the Chicha (creamy Venezuelan rice drink) could easily stand in for dessert.  
Our server was solicitous and efficient.  Still, there are some things about the restaurant that are not conducive to enjoyable eating.  First of all, the music was incredibly loud (there were not many people in the restaurant, so the only thing we heard was the booming radio station).  It was slightly turned down after our request.  While the front part of the restaurant is light, the partitioned back part is dark and lacks any cheer, as does the entire bar area.  The restaurant is supposed to serve interesting chocolate drinks. They were nowhere to be found on the menu.  When I finished with the little bit of unexciting salsa served with the arepas, I asked for some more.  A tiny bit of very spicy and smoky (chipotle) sauce was brought to the table, a nice accompaniment to the arepas.  That little bit of extra sauce made a second appearance on our bill, not so good.I like this food but they don't really keep up with their diners. I always feel like I need to call them over for something and they aren't there or can't see. I went with my friend and got the domino empanada but they didn't have it so I got the arepa. My vegan friend got the vegan version of the veggie arepa but later she said it might have had pesto on it :/ I do like this place, but the service could be better...one of my philly favs...great service and even better food.  might make a visit here this wkdn.Love love love this restaurant. Judith and her husband are the owners, she always makes my stay just as great as the food. Go here if you are tired of the traditional cheesesteak and pizza lunch!! Try their arepas and omelette for brunch too.Absolute worse service I have ever encountered. I made a reservation for a large group a week ahead of time on a Wednesday. The following Monday, two days before the event, I received an email asking for a 50% deposit by the following day. When I called to resolve the issue the manager claimed it was standard policy and mentioned during our initial conversation. It had not been, she refused to listen to me and became very hostile rapidly. She told me I should have planned better but when I asked where I went wrong since I called a week ahead of time and confirmed the fixed price menu immediately she simply continued to be hostile. I offered a variety of potential solutions but then she hung up on me. I've never had a manager hang up on me, ever. 
Can't comment on the food, never made it. But if the service is that hostile and arbitrary I don't recommend it.Great Dinner, Great Chocolate, and what a nice person is the lady who own this little place in the middle of somewhere in Philadelphia..
Next time I am in town I will go back for sure!Amazing! I went with a friend and we loved this place. We tried to go here once before but they were closed for a private party, so we were definitely excited to try finally this place! The service was exceptionally friendly and helpful without being overbearing. Our server asked if either one of us had any allergies right away. We ordered yuca fries to start. Order these!!! They were simple yet so delicious! We also ordered some arepas and an empanada. Everything was great. Not to mention there is a display case of homemade chocolates on display right when you enter! All of the chocolate is made from the bean right in house.  We ended our meal with an orgasmo truffle (pb, banana, chocolate, nuts). It was so rich, decedent, and a perfect balance of the bitterness and sweetness of delicious dark chocolate. The decor was also very colorful and pleasant. I can't wait to go back and try more things on the menu.So excited I finally got to try this place. This place gives you are very welcoming feeling when you first walk in as the owner greets you and makes you feel comfortable. The interior has a lot of pictures and crafts on the wall and tables are mainly booths which are comfortable unless you have long legs. We ordered the beef stew with veggies to begin with. I don't eat beef so I just had the veggies and broth which was excellent and so tasty! For the entree I had the Pabellon vegetariano which was delish! I was impressed with the portion size as it wasn't too big. My bf got the cheesesteak sandwich was excellent as well. It has eggs inside which made him excited. We were full so we didn't get to try their famous hot chocolate or dessert. Maybe we can come back later for those. The food comes out a lil longer than expected but that's only bc you know they are preparing it fresh.I made a yelp account to review this place because it's so freaking good. The patacon was delicious, messy as hell and totally worth it, perfectly balanced tastes and textures. everything on the sampler platter was perfect. In both dishes, each flavor stood out against the next without overwhelming each other. Great combinations of sweet and savory , crisp and flaky... they insisted on making my churros again because I was late picking up my order and they didn't want to comprise taste. all the chocolate sauces for the churros were very serious and complex, each totally different from the others. It's pricey,  but I'll happily do it again. (maybe happy hour prices for devoted food lovers on a budget? Just saying...I'd eat there every day) With such great attention to detail on the food that I got, I'll need to try the whole menu. It's possibly the only food I've had in this city that truly has the quality to justify the price.Found this little place from a gluten free website. It's a cute little local place. We sat at the bar, as there was some sort of large party taking up most of the restaurant when we went.  There were a lot of great choices on the menu. The food was yummy and our "server" explained the meaning of the names and joked with us while we ate. We also got to briefly meet the chef. The meal was very inexpensive and we left feeling satisfied.Love this place, been back many times. Sometimes the food can be a little inconsistent. I always get plantains and they are  a little different each time, always good though. The staff/owners are very friendly and helpful. The food is fresh and flavorful all the time. I'd like to keep it a secret.Was not quite sure what brunch would be like at a Venezuelan restaurant but was happily surprised! The omelets (which are actually frittatas) were tasty and accompanied by lovely pillows of fried corn meal dough and a well dressed and fresh salad. The pancakes were hearty and delicious. 
But the real reason to go to Sazon is their killer hot chocolate! Whether the water based cacique or the milk based clasico, these are designed to please the most sophisticated chocolate-lover. Just a warning - the hot chocolate is $6 but well worth it!I really wanted to like this place. It was on my vegetarian list of places to try for over a year and I finally made it there. Had the bean soup, sweet plantains and veggie arepa.  Really plain and lacking pizzazz and rather pricy at $30. I feel like if I had ordered a meat dish I may have been happier. A very nice place but if your looking for outstanding vegetarian food there are much better choices in the city considering they pop up as a good vegetarian option.Well I finally made it to Sazon for dinner! Tried some different empanadas, the Pernil (slow-roasted pork) arepa, and the Pabellon Criollo (think savory pot roast with black beans, sweet plantains and rice. All were very good. And there was so much more I wished I could have tried, you can only eat so much.
Sazon is not "latin concept." Think of it as having access to a Venezuelan grandma who is an awesome cook. Having lived in Miami a long time with access to some of the best Cuban-grandma cooks, I can say Sazon comes close. Although by Miami standards it is a bit pricey for this type of food-in Philly I'd happily pay what is asked just to have access to this latin home-cooking!
Note: Sazon is BYOB. And believe me there's no where around to easily pick up beer or wine, so ya better bring some!4.5 stars. AMAZING clasico hot chocolate! It was very thick and creamy, truly full of rich unique chocolate flavors. It has 5 different cocoa flavors (3 from peru, 1 from dominican rep, and 1 from ecuador). 
I got the veggie omelette and it was huge and great. The fried arepitas that came with it were interesting and pretty good (my first time trying them) -- they had cheese, which i normally don't like, but here they were good, and I didn't mind the cheese. My friend got the la selva, which i thought was kinda tasteless. It didn't impress me much. 4 stars for the food overall. 
The place has menus full of amazing hot chocolates and chocolate truffles. The man "Chocolate Alchemist" (who actually makes the chocolates himself) was incredibly friendly and knowledgeable and gave us some free samples! We had el monstrue (yum), la negrita (mostly pure cocoa, good but kinda boring compared to the other chocolates), and huracan (very interesting, has unique spices!). We also had an 80% vegan chocolate bar and an impure bar made of goat milk, maple sugar, and dom rep cocoa (that chocolate bar wasnt processed well so it didnt look "pretty" and we got it for free). I feel like the chocolates here have a really great south american twist in the taste that american chocolates simply cant imitate. 5 stars for chocolates and service. 
Everything here is quite a bit pricey (hot chocolate for $8!!). While i think the food here generally is great, I don't think they're THAT amazing to be worth the somewhat steep prices (like the la selva). However, the chocolates (especially hot chocolates! Theyre more worth it than truffles here, in my opinion) are definitely a must-try. It's been an amazing experience here both venezuelan- (cute cozy venezuelan place) and chocolate-wise. You definitely will want to check out this place at least once!I've driven by this place on many occasions and finally had an opportunity to come. It is BYOB, so we were armed and ready with our wine. We were a group of four seated at one of their booths and it was extremely cozy. Good thing we were all good friends!
The restaurant is ran by a husband and wife and the husband was serving us. He was very attentive and happy to share his knowledge about the foods and drinking chocolates. Our group ordered the arepas, tostones, and camarones which were all tasty. 
For dessert, I had one of the drinking chocolates which was very impressive and rich. However, it was not sweet enough for me. That is to no fault of the restaurant, though, since that is typical of their drinking chocolates. 
Overall, this place had a great charming, unassuming feel, and definitely would like to come back and try other dishes.I have never been more disappointed with a restaurant. I have eaten at this restaurant countless times in SIX years,  and I've always believed that the husband of this husband-wife owner pair was an arrogant jerk, but today he proved it. The service was slow AS USUAL, the main course was only ok as the beef was slightly overcooked, BUT THE TRES LECHES.......UNPALATABLE!!! When this was brought to his attention,  he refused to take it off the bill and told my table that we "just had no taste." How unbelievable!!!! I will never go back to this establishment again so long as this so called chocolate alchemist is still there. To insult me over $3 shows how classless this man is. Do not go to Sazon if you value customer service because it does NOT exist there.Arroz con pollo superb. Rice/veg balance good. Plantains well done. 
Asado Negro intense.
Menu is fascinating and healthy and creative.
Friendly staff.  Chocolatier ownerI still love this place...but...a 20% gratuity added for parties of 5 or more? I was in with a party of six and was hit with an added gratuity. First I eat here fairly regularly. Second our service was painfully slow that visit, but worst of all it was the owner who was serving us! And 20% calculated on a total that includes tax!? To me 20% on five is an excessive and customer unfriendly policy, particularly with a regular patron. An 18% added gratuity (on total WITHOUT tax) on a party of six or more-ok, that'd be acceptable. But it is really bad form tacking on a gratuity when it's a regular patron and you are the owner. He's served us before and always got a tip, despite being the owner.
But since it is rare I'll be in a party of 5 or more-I will return again and try to overlook the stupidity and his insult.If you are craving Venezuelan food, you may be interested in trying this place out. I couldn't suggest otherwise because I have not had the opportunity to try out very many Venezuelan restaurants in my life and so I don't know how this place might compare with other places. But if you are like myself and just want to explore a different restaurant over the weekend without being set on trying out Venezuelan cuisine, then there is absolutely no reason to come to Sazon. 
Let me tell out some of the things which I did not like about the restaurant:
1. Parking in the vicinity of this restaurant is very hard to find. The Saturday evening we went in, I believe there was a concert going on in the area and we had to look for parking for at least 20 minutes before we could find something. Unlike some other restaurants, there is no parking reserved for patrons of the restaurant close by.
2. This is a cash-only place. I guess I am willing to put up with cash-only policies at food trucks and (maybe) quaint joints in New England serving amazing lob-stah rolls and clam chowder but not at other joints. Come to think of it, even cabs today take credit cards, so why shouldn't a plain-old restaurant in Philly take cards? Especially when they are NOT dirt cheap. Can't think of a good reason.
3. Ultimately, the most important consideration for me in deciding on how to rate a restaurant is taste and between the two dishes my wife and I ordered, the chicken empanada was good whereas the other was definitely bad. Their whole sauteed red snapper was among the LEAST flavorful items I have tasted in a long, long while. Although we had heard good things about the red snapper from a friend of ours and was the sole reason we tried out this place, the dish disappointed us greatly. 
4. We had ordered the Morena Truffle and the chocolatier who was supposed to get it out to us after dinner forgot to do so. When we told our server about it, she was gracious enough to acknowledge the mistake and offer two truffles. So far, so good. The issue though is that we didn't have the truffle on that day itself but in another 2 days' time and when we had it, they tasted rancid. If these truffles were to be stored in the fridge, then our server ought to have mentioned that to us. Or even better, the chocolatier should have brought it out after our meals so that we could have enjoyed it right then and there.
My comments above should not give the impression that everything sucks about the place. They were open until 11 and the kitchen was open until about 10:45 or so, even though we were the only customers still having food that late. They are a BYOB restaurant and our server happily opened the bottles of beer that we had brought with us. Overall we found the service to be reasonable even though it was late in the day. With all that said, there is absolutely no reason for us to ever return to this place again in the future. Philly has far too many places to try out and our first try at Sazon has certainly been our last.Solid good with good, friendly service. Just not anything exceptional.Nice little diamond in the rough BYOB restaurant with lovely service and decent meals.  For anyone who hasn't truly experienced South American cuisine, Sazon has an extensive menu to choose from, which explains so many rave reviews.  I found the shredded beef to lack some spices and salt.  On the other hand, the chicha was rich and dessert worthy and the churros and chocolate were the most enjoyable thing we ate.  Atmospherically the restaurant has a relaxed casual feel but it was uncomfortably warm on an 80+ degree day.  Overall there were some definite misfires but the service is top notch and deserves a chance by the uninitiated.I must say 5 be the best this restaurant was a6 the service was wonderful the food was orthodontic enjoyable and very well prepared .Stumbled upon Sazon when looking for a place to eat before a show at The Electric Factory. It had its highs and lows.
Pros: 
- The service is great. Very attentive.
- The desserts are killer. The churros were the best I've ever had and the hot chocolate (Classico) was really delicious.
Cons:
- The main course was actually only so-so. I had a beef arepa which lacked flavor and my husband got the Arroz Con Pollo, which (as other reviewers said) was very dry.
- The prices are OUTRAGEOUS. Not so much for the main course but the desserts - which they conveniently don't include pricing for on the menu. Those delicious churros? $10.50 (for 4 pretty small churros)!!! Two hot chocolates? $16!!! Dessert cost more than dinner and though it was amazing -- it was not $26.50 amazing.
- Sazon is CASH ONLY - which would've been fine if the dessert prices has been more reasonable. As a result, we were forced to unceremoniously hit up their ATM.
Sadly, I don't think I would go back to Sazon. The dessert was great but I can justify the price.I didn't know this place existed until a friend wanted to go there for his birthday.  We shared the appetizer platter which was delicious.  I love the Venezuelan version of mozzarella sticks. For my entree I chose the beef with the dark sauce.  It wasn't the best beef I ever had, but overall I really liked the sauce it was in, with the rice and the plantains.  It reminded me of mole sauce, but a little sweeter.  The arepas that came out of the kitchen looked amazing, and I'll definitely be back to try them.This is where I want to go on my birthday... well just about any day is good for me! I savor their homemade hot chocolate - it's very rich. I love everything I've ever gotten from there, and the staff is very congenial. Even the French Fries are delicious. Clean, flavorful, and the right portions. Yum!Great food, great service!  Tried everything the waitress suggested and it could not have been better.  Save room for desert bc the chocolate is out of this world.So as a preface, I lived in Colombia for 8 years and my wife is Colombian. We came to this restaurant on a recommendation and it was well worth it. Robert (Roberto), the owner, spoke to us at length about his experiences and being an ExPat in Venezuela for a time. He was way too nice and I enjoyed getting to know him. His food was on point! I have had a lot of areas rellenas and these are up there as the best ever. We also had some hot chocolate and some amaretto hot chocolate and it was my wife's favorite hot chocolate ever. This means a lot since she is a chocoholic. I had just gotten from a meeting and wasn't very hungry but I wanted more and more. I will be going back here next time I visit philly for sure.4.5 stars.
Loved the place and ambience. It was my first time trying Venezuelan food and so it was quite exciting and unique experience. I tried La Selva, which was bit blend (maybe for my Indian taste buds - I don't know) but was still very delicious. My friend had omelette from the brunch menu, which I felt was much more delicious and filling. 
The most amazing part was the hot chocolate. We tried El Classico and it literally was unique! It had 5 different blends of cocoa amalgamated and the taste was just perfect. I would definitely give that a try again soon! The cocoa blends were from Peru, Ecuador and Dominic Republic. 
We tried chocolate truffles and got chance to interact with the guy who makes them. He was very friendly, humble and knowledgeable and gave us some samples complimentarily. If you are into dark chocolates, this is a worth going place.
I didn't feel that the place was over pricy specially because we had some complementary samples as well. I would have tipped extra anyways bc of such an amazing hospitality. 
Overall, 4.5 stars and a worth going place.Sazon is a pleasant surprise in an in-between neighborhood.  It's genuine Venezuelan cuisine, which I've never had before.  I will definitely be back.  A friend mentioned that this place is gluten-free friendly, and wow, do they mean it!  They have "gluten free" written all over the menu so you really know what you can eat (if you are GF).  
The decor is very real-deal Venezuelan...not that I have been to Venezuela, but it seems really cute and quaint.  The walls are painted bright colors, the tables have a brown linen/gauzy fabric covering them.  
The coffee is great...they make it for you.  I had an iced coffee that they prepared with some condensed milk and sweetened before it came to the table.  Very good, creamy, not too sweet...just right!
I had never heard of this, but apparently Arepas (corn patties) are gluten-free.  Delicious!  This is a corn flour roll that they made into a sandwich (imagine that - a gf bread that doesn't fall apart).  They seemed to have grilled it - the bread had grill marks on it.  I had the Reina Pepiada, which is basically like chicken salad with mayo and avocado blended together, plus some onions minced and mixed in.  Very good.  It didn't look like much on the plate, but boy it was good.  My friend had the Cuajado de Pescado, a fish omelette from the brunch menu.  The portion was big - it was a tasty omelette with side-salad and two arepitas with cheddar.  
Dessert menus showed up with gluten-free options as well, so we had to try one.  We had the Quesillo, a vanilla-caramel custardy-cake...it was like cheesecake but lighter.  Good, very sweet.
I can't wait to go back for dinner!  This place has a great local, down-to-earth appeal and I bet it would be fun to come as a group and dig into a few dishes to share!  I'll be back!Sazon will be added to our list of "affordable, not super fancy BYOBs".  Don't expect to bring a fancy pants date here, but just come for the food and the chocolate
Dinner was good here and I would recommend the fried sweet plantains and the cubano sandwich. I had the veggie arepa and wasn't blown away, but I'll try something different next time. 
Dessert was amazing though, and I'm jumping on the Sazon chocolate bandwagon. We got the orgasmo drinking chocolate and a couple of the truffles. we probably could have just split the drinking chocolate, but it didn't stop us from devouring the truffles as well.
Service was very nice as well. We will definitely be back when we are looking for a laid back evening.Came here for brunch on a Sunday at 1pm. Few tables were occupied which made it even better. Empanadas are amazing!!!! And make no mistake, for brunch; order the Venezuelan Breakfast! It is SOOOOOO delicious! This place is known for their hot drinking chocolate. The Orgasmo is just that. I came with my fiancé and we were "blown" away  get it? Teehee. Can't go wrong with the Classico either! Overall amazing experience!I read about this place on a chocolate blog and have been trying to get here for months, but every time I had planned to come some catastrophe got in the way, like a snowstorm, sickness, whatever. So I finally made it here tonight and was so glad I forced myself to pass by my favorite Vietnamese place in Chinatown to get here. There are a number of things I'd love to try on the menu, especially the soups, but I haven't had a good arepa since my trip to Colombia last year, so I had my heart set on the Reina pepiada arepa. It was good! And you have the option of having it with or without the mayo. Since I'm not a fan of mayo and I wanted to save my calories for the chocolate, I gladly skipped the mayo. It was delicious! As much as I liked the arepa, it wasn't as good as the one I had last year in Bogota, but I don't think I'm going to find one in the states that's as good anyway. 
I also ordered the classico hot chocolate, which was delicious! It's not a large mug, but I'm all for portion control so that's okay. However, the menu does not list prices for their chocolates, so the $8 charge for hot chocolate on my bill was rather shocking. I took a star off for that because I don't like surprises on my bill. For that reason, I likely won't order it again when I return. That's fine, though, because there are plenty of other things I'd like to try on their menu. 
The service was friendly and the restaurant is cozy and homey. And the chocolates are quite yummy! I LOVED the oohey gooey!! OMG!! I'd absolutely return! It's a little out of the way for me, but the walk helps me burn off all those chocolate calories!I'm going to add one more to the list of 5 star reviews.  BYO is a huge perk with the place.  Authentic cuisine.  Most of the Venezuelan specialties I was not familiar but the one we went with was the Asado Negro which was fantastic.  Fried plantains don't come by often and were a treat.  The combo appetizer was also excellent.  Good, friendly service.Amazing! I can't honestly give them less than 5 stars. I had a party of 8 at 5:30 on a Saturday. We ordered a number of things starting from appetizers to deserts. The tostones were perfect. Not dry at all, which so many places do serve them as. The salsas- everyone loved. We tried the red snapper, steaks, pork chops, chicken, and even pernil. Not one complaint from anyone. The meats were perfectly season and very tender. The deserts were also very liked. We preferred the Byob because when you think about it- you aren't buying over priced drinks, focus remains on the food and serving, and the serves are not lost somewhere at the bar trying to fulfill drink orders and forgetting about the food and customers. The food came out pretty quickly which was a great surprise since it was so busy. 
The place is small but comfy. It was so busy, with three people working the floor and yet they were attentive, had great personalities, and easy to talk to. The added humor was a plus! Everyone wants to go back. I cant wait to.I went for the first time yesterday with some friends and it was just amazing. We ate great food and had interesting conversations with the proprietor. The food was plenty and extremely flavorful. I cannot wait for my next visit.Literally one of my new favorite spots to hit up in Philadelphia. This is such a gem, and I can't even begin to describe how amazing my first experience here was. One of the happiest brunch experiences I've had.
The hot chocolate was absolutely INCREDIBLE. There are some amazing options on the menu to choose from (trust me, I had a hard time deciding on just one), but I ended up settling on the Clasico. It was absolutely delicious, rich, and decadent. 
The presentation of the hot chocolate was adorable as well. The two girls I went with even ordered another hot chocolate drink after they guzzled down their first.
We also all tried truffles for the table. The ORGASMO and MORENA truffles were so heavenly, perfectly chocolatey, and so innovative-- which I always appreciate.
Everything is slightly overpriced (each truffle is $3 and the hot chocolate drinks range from $7-$10), but I'd pay the slight premium for the incredible experience.
The best part about the experience was speaking to the Chocolate Alchemist himself. We had about a 20 minute conversation with him, and it was incredible to hear about his philosophy on chocolate making and what he looks for in his own chocolate production and creation.
Definitely will be introducing my friends to this spot, and I would highly recommend the hot chocolates and truffles! Can't wait to also try the real food.After doing a whirlwind tour of Independence Hall and the Liberty Bell, it was time for dinner!  All that history gives me an appetite!  We drove a short distance to Sazon Restaurant and Café in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, where they serve authentic Venezuelan food.  I love Venezuelan food, because there are so many gluten free choices, especially their Arepas, which are corn flour patties stuffed with a variety of ingredients.
I ordered the chicken and avocado Arepa!  If you love avocado like I love avocado, you'll love this one!  If you're not crazy about avocado, there are lots of other choices, including beef, pulled pork, or vegetables.
After dinner, we spoke with Sazon Restaurant's sweet genius, the Chocolate Alchemist, about his gluten free desserts.  He makes gourmet, organic, gluten free hot chocolate that looks like the chocolate river from the movie, Willie Wonka and the Chocolate Factory; gluten free Churros made from Yucca with chocolate; and a variety of gluten free truffles.  It was a hard decision, but all three of us ordered truffles for dessert.  Megan ordered the Mojito, Laura ate the Vegan one, and I had the Smurf!  What a delicious chocolate fix! =)
For more gluten free restaurant reviews, check out KarenInRealLife.com!We've been eating here since their first year.  The owner is the chef assisted by her husband.  The food is always freshly prepared. Our most recent meal was the red snapper.  We've also had the beef and pork entrees.  A casual neighborhood atmosphere and byob.Sunday breakfast: First we get the juice, blackberry and passion fruit. Best blackberry juice I've ever had. Passionfruit juice was delicious and had no seeds. Second we get the breakfast de Venezolano. It had skirt steak, 3 eggs and cilantro. also came with Black beans and a cheese arepa. The cheese was good.  We also shared the pabellon empanada, it was amazing. Can't wait to go back for dinner and the gourmet chocolate.Have you ever tried a vegan truffle?  I haven't... but if I had any room left in my stomach last Tuesday night I would have.  Next time. 
I finally managed to get out of my neighborhood comfort zone to try Sazon for some authentic Venezuelan cuisine.  Chef Judith was managing the dining room (which feels more homey than commercial) & happily helped us place our order.  She staggered the flow of our dishes so we were never rushed, nor wanting for food.  
My Venezuelan boyfriend melted when he tasted the Sancocho de Carne, squealed when he saw his Pollo Arepa (arepas are his fav) & developed the smile of a mad man while he tore apart the tender meat of his Pabellon Criollo.  My Grilled Veggie Patacon was large enough to keep me satisfied while my little piggy plowed through three courses.   Everything that arrived at our table was fresh & mildly seasoned.  The home made hot sauce, salsa, & guac perfectly complemented our meal.  
Will definitely be back to what we now call "healthy Mixto" soon.
BYO, street parking, cash only/ vegan, vegetarian, gluten-free options availableI went here for lunch this past weekend. This was my first time eating Venezuelan food. I heard good things about the food, and the hot chocolate. Though I didn't get a chance to taste their chocolate confections (there's a display case of truffles too when you come in), I had a taste of their brunch menu (omelette and pancakes) as well as their sampler (SAZON PLATO SURTIDO), and the arepa (MECHADA).  All were very tasty and seasoned very well.  Oh, and I forgot about the other arepa,.. the one with shredded chicken, avocado and mayo.  VERY good! Seems like a twist on a chicken salad sandwich.  The arepas are overflowing too when it comes out to your table.. it's a very hardy plate of great tasting food.
This is definitely a family friendly place as there were tables of folks, some who had babies and toddlers.
Overall, I'm definitely a new found fan. I liked the whole vibe of this restaurant.  Seemed very laid back and casual... it's a good place for conversation... catch up with old friends over food.  And it's a BYO...  I have to go back for the hot chocolate!You have to try the Asado Negro - never had anything like it. The service was excellent as well.My God...I felt like I was at my Parent's place.   This amazing BYO is situated at 9th and Spring Garden.  They specialize in  Venezuelan cuisine.
I ordered a home style prepared Bistec served with a side of white rice (jasmine), black beans, and sweet plantains.  Noms
So these guys make their own chocolate...from the bean to the paste.   My friend ordered a Tres Leches (deelish) while 3 of my friends and I split the Churros with home made chocolate NOMS...  The service was on point, and the owners were very friendly.  I'm hoping to head over there soon to explore their menu...Came here for the first time after high recommendations all around.
The Cuban sandwich was great as was the Venezolana (grilled hamburger with fried eggs..nom).very generous portions and the staff is great. Authentic food in a modest setting and a homey feel. Very much a fan!Wonderful food but some of the items in the menu are pricey. For example, the soups are around $10. I read that Sazon is famous for its drinking hot chocolates so me and my friends ordered one each.  They were good, even though the size was small. The menu for the chocolate drinks did not have prices so we thought each would be around $5, since they were specialty drinks. When we got our bill we had been charged $8 dollars for each hot chocolate drink. Yikes!This place is awesome!  The owners are awesome and food amazing!  In the summer months Judith makes popsicles...omg!  Try them!  The asado negro, empanadas, arepas, tequenos are what I've tried so far...all delicious!  They are cash only...fyiWe had a living social deal for this place so we decided to check it out on a Tuesday night.  Our first impressions:  the neighborhood is shady but the restaurant was very nicely decorated and appeared very clean.  We had a 6:30 reservation and the place was empty...but it was a Tuesday.  As the night progressed a few more people came in however, the restaurant didn't appear to attract a Venezuelan crowd, which is always the first sign of authenticity.
Now the food:  OVERPRICED!  For $18 there was cheap and chewy meat covered in a super sweet brown sugar glaze.  The menu stated it was so cooked but it was as tough as shoe leather.  It was served with a size of white rice and a few plantains.  Not worth $18.  The beef soup we had as an appy was good  but the chicken and avocado arapa was a glorified chicken salad but mixed with guac instead of pure mayo.  Even the waitress said it wasn't authentic and again...had the menu explained better what this was, we would not have ordered it.  
Whenever we try something new we always ask for the most authentic and interesting dishes.  When we did this the waitress recommended fried empanadas, fried taqitos, and something else that was fried on the appy list.  We had to ask at least 4 or 5 questions before we got her to explain the soup which was actually decent and more authentic and interesting than an empanada.
In short, we are not going back.  There was nothing special nor cost effective about this place.Easily in the top 5. This family run BYO always delivers. The service is warm and familiar. The empanadas are the best in the city.I've been here a few times, but have only ever gone for dessert. However, I'm dying to try their food!
The portions are small, but EXTREMELY rich, so any larger would be impossible to finish. Getting a couple for the table to share is probably your best bet.
I have tried:
-Tres Leches 
-Chocolate Flan
-Churros con Chocolate
-Drinking Chocolate (can't remember which kind)
It is IMPOSSIBLE for me to pick a favorite, as each one was equally orgasmic.  
Also, the service is quick, and waitstaff is friendly.
The only thing that's irritating is the fact that it's cash only.Great food and amazing juices. The dessert capped off a fantastic meal! It's also BYOBTheir home made chocolate is to die for!  Hot chocolate so thick you almost need a spoon to drink it.  I had a  Patacon(Venezuelan Sandwich) - mucho yummy.  Definitely on my "go to" list when I/m in the area.I really wanted to like this place more than I actually did.  I'm torn between 3 and 4 stars.  This place is great for accommodating a large group.  We originally had 10 people and added 2 more at the last minute with no problem, on a Saturday night.  
The food  - this is the part that I wanted to like more.  I started off with the plantains. I love plantains and I like to try them everywhere I go.  These were....ok.....good, but not spectacular.  They were fried but not crispy and were covered in cheese, but it wasn't melted.  If you're looking for the best plantains, check out Dos Segundos.  Next I ordered an arepa with cheese and black beans.  I've had arepas in the past and this was not my favorite.  It was kind of dry and not very flavorful.  There wasn't enough cheese and the cheese that was on there wasn't melty enough.  They look small but they are deceptively filling, so I'm glad that's all I ordered.
The prices seem slightly high for the area and also for the food that you get.  I think the plantains were around $7 for a few small pieces.  
The service was great.  Very prompt and warm and friendly.  I sampled the desserts of my dining companions and they were outstanding.  This is where Sazon shines - hot chocolate and dessert.  It's BYOB too - always a plus. 
I will return but most likely just for desserts and chocolate.Este restante para mi es bastante bueno y como yo soy de Venezuela disfruto mucho comer ahi, Siempre que voy como pequeños, empanadas y arepas con una malta, siempre pido una arepa de queso y dos arenas diferentes una de reina pepeiada y la otra de queso amarillo, Lamalta yo creo que fue lo que mas disfrute ya que es lo mas difícil de conseguir en Estados unidos para un Venezolano. El pabellón lo probe una vez y esta bastante bueno y completo. El pabellón trae arroz blanco,carne mechada,caraotas negras y tajadas que seria plátano frito. ;lo único que reclamaría que es un poco caro pero si es comida de mi tierra no me importa pagar el precio.Very cool spot!  We were looking for something different to try, and Sazon was a great pick.  The ambience is warm, cozy and casual.  Servers were friendly, and Robert spent a few minutes chatting with us about the restaurant, too. Additionally, I saw a nice mix of couples and families without being too noisy.
We split the tiger shrimp and Sazon platter for appetizers and also shared the chicken and rice entree.  All the dishes were flavorful and bright.  I highly recommend sharing as the portions are large, and it's a great way to sample the huge menu.
Churros and chile hot chocolate ended the meal.  Both were great, but a little too much together.  You get more than enough with the churros to satisfy your chocolate fix.Sazon,
I wanted to really really like you. I wanted to see 5 stars soooo bad. That's why I went on that second date with you. It's like, I saw this potential-- and so I couldn't just dump you over yelp, I had to meet up with you one more time. But alas, it's just platonic friendship between us and not love. 
It's not because you're in a shady neighborhood. I'm not stuck up like that. And it's not because you're a BYOB. I first started falling for you once I realized you were one. But it's because of the details... i.e. ... the food... So like, major details. 
The appetizer of fried sweet plantains with cheese was to die for. The black bean and cheese empanadas were cooked so perfectly that I swooned. But then, things started falling apart. The "asada negro" which was supposed to be slow cooked beef was so dry and tough that if it wasn't drowned in sauce of sweet deliciousness I would have been so hysterically upset. I've tried 3 different arepas, none of which I liked. Even the cheese one. Cheese and bread. And it wasn't awesome... but how?!
And then I had the churros with the chocolate dipping sauce and the quesillo and they were yummy, so I felt hopeful... But the chocolate flan was dense and not flavorful that we didn't even finish it. I've never not finished ... dessert.
So, I may find myself one lonely night going on a third date... because I'm an optimist. I hope you surprise me. 
Love,
DiGreat empanadas, friendly service, so-so everything else. The dude is serious about his chocolate. I mean SERIOUS. After chatting for a bit, he let us try a special drink he makes for himself everyday which was really generous of him to do. I unfortunately couldn't stomach the chocolate truffle I selected for dessert because the raw cacao tasted exactly like fermented alcohol. Which is apparently normal as the chocolate man explained. Not a good dessert option for two people who do not drink...I went to Sazon for the first time last night, but I have a feeling I may be a regular there soon. The food is super delicious and priced right, I love the fact that it a BYOB, and the service was great.
Here is the part that really WOWed me more than just being a great place to eat... My wife and I brought a bottle of wine with us. During the meal, I got up to use the restroom. When I came back to the table, I accidentally grabbed a corner of the table cloth while sliding into the booth, which sent the wine flying everywhere! It spilled all ove me, all over the table, and all over the delicious steak & yucca I was eating! Immediately the owner came over to our table and started cleaning. He was more than pleasant about it... he moved us to a nearby table while he cleaned up my mess. Then, he brings me out another full dinner!!! I was like, what??? I said, "I can't believe this! I just messed up your restaurant, and you are giving me another steak?" He said "I want you to enjoy your meal!" with a smile! I couldn't believe it...
Big ups to Sazon!!! You took a situation that could have potentially ruined my night, made everything alright, then went above and beyond all expectations. I am definitely a fan, and will be back soon!Chef Judy Suzarra-Campbell makes homemade yummy-in-your-tummy arepas filled with tender, hearty, slow-roasted meats and veggies. If that weren't enough, Sazon's Robert Campbell, also known as The Chocolate Alchemist, is an artisan chocolatier who has a rich knowledge of Venezuelan cacao beans. The restaurant is run mom-and-pop style so you get to chat with Chef Judy, Chef Robert, and the servers. Robyn and I always have a great meal there. She loves the Pabellon (shredded beef, plaintains, black beans, queso fresco) and I love the Pernil (roast pork, onions). Really, really good. I wasn't too keen on the Tequeños, which tasted like a variation of mozzarella sticks to me, but the arepas are always a winner. The chocolate truffles and cocoa drinks are out of this world. They even have a truffle and a drink called Orgasmo. You will have an orgasm eating or drinking one! Much, much better than Delicias. Give this place a try!Stopped in here for brunch after many recommendations to get to Sazon.  This place is easy to miss while walking by, and if you aren't travelling by bike or car, the walk from center city or nolibs is kind of dicey.  Spring Garden slime.
We showed up around 130-2 for brunch and were four out of 6 diners in the restaurant.  Started out by ordering some passion fruit juice to mix with the champagne we brought (byo!).  That passion fruit juice was amazing.  Highly recommend.  I ordered an arepa - the reina pepiada since it was marked as being a venezuelan favorite.  It was really great.  A mix of chicken, avocado, and mayo.  I'm usually afraid of mayonaisse, but they really didn't overdo it here.  We also got an order of yucca fries that were delicious but diner beware, their dipping sauce is the garlic-iest thing in the land.  I love it but it could easily offend a palate.  Most other things ordered were arepas that came highly recommended and the huevos rancheros which was a huge portion.
Our meal was really cheap!  The most expensive thing anyone got was the passion fruit juice.  Sazon is cash only but they have an ATM in the front entrance of the store.  Our waitress was adorable, attentive and very tolerant of us laughing and being loud.
I guess another big draw of Sazon is that their menu has extensive gluten free offerings.  So, if you're on that trendy train, you're set here...I know it is so simple, but every once in a while, I crave the palm heart salad here.  I have tried replicating it at home, but can never get the dressing as beautifully as the chef (I regrettably forget her name...I think it's Judy?...I could be terribly wrong).  Everything I've had on their menu is well above average.  Don't forget to bring your wine from home!  The husband-wife duo here are endearing and friendly.  If this is your first visit here, you must try the sampler appetizer, and if you have more than 3 people, you must order 2.  Everything in it is absolutely excellent.Great authentic Venezuelan Food. The place is awesome and provides a home feel. My only and HUGE complaint is that they don't take credit cards. The food is not cheap so it makes it a hassle.Outstanding food at a family run spot. Pescado frito is outstanding and the hot chocolate is to die for, it routinely wins best of Philly and for good reason.A few years ago, a Venezuelan friend of mine introduced me to arepas.  Hooked, I always seek out opportunities to eat this delicious corn treat.  Two years ago, a friend of mine told me about Sazon.  But 10th and Spring Garden?  All I can think of is traffic court...  So I avoided... until I was looking to grab a meal with GF friend and yelper Rachel G. (who didn't shout me out in her review, but oh well),   Arepas! Perfect!
Sazon is a homey, comfortable, bright restaurant.  While the service was friendly, I think they were a little overwhelmed -- I ordered an iced coffee with a touch of condensed milk and it came out way sweeter than I bargained for.  Oh well.
I ordered the Cuajado de Pescado.  What an omelet!  Fish, plantains, potatoes, cilantro -- a combo that makes so much sense, but never before have I seen in omelet form.  The salad served with it lacked dressing, but my cheddar cheese arepitas were muy delicioso!  Rachel G. devoured her reina pepiada arepa -- when I've had this before, the avocado is an added layer -- I liked that the avocado was mashed in.  
Dessert, Quesillo, was a tad too sweet and flan-ish.  
But I will certainly be back for an Arepa fix.  BYO too!I feel like I need to update my old review for Sazon.  While I still think that the pulled pork and empanadas are great, there is plenty more to try. 
The Asado Negro is a delicious dish that I don't see on enough menus.  It is slow cooked beef in a brown sugar and garlic sauce.  The meat comes out place, almost like it is covered in coffee grinds.  It is a sweet dish that is served w/ rice and sweet plantains and very satisfying.
The snapper was also delicious.  It came to our table absolutely covered in tomatoes, onions and garlic.  Both dishes come with sweet plantains, which I could eat barrels of.  
If chocolate is your thing, make sure that you leave room for dessert.  
The service is prompt when needed, but relaxed.  This is a comfortable BYOB for any occasion.  I've had romantic meals, and huge birthday parties here that all went well.Some hits, mostly misses. 
The yucca fries were perfect, a tad bit greasy, but the texture through out was spot on. The tostones were made with so much love. But 6 pieces for almost $7 feels like a ripoff, like at least give me one whole plantains worth. The half of the empanada was bordering on burnt, but pretty good flavors on the inside. The red snapper was tasty probably my favorite, though the rice was definitely undercooked. They put an INSANE amount of garlic on their food, so be prepared to smell like garlic from the inside out for at least a day or two. 
The service was passable, not particularly friendly but we had everything we needed ultimately. It's likely we won't be back.We went in on a whim, and wound up finding a place that we'll definitely be back to! I'm gluten-free and my husband's vegetarian, so finding somewhere we're both happy can be a challenge, but these guys did great!
Loved the 'La Guacamaya' arepa-- will definitely be ordering again. And the chicken soup was the comfort food I craved on the cold and rainy day we were there! 
Can't wait to go again, both for the hot chocolate (we were too stuffed this time), and for some BYOB. We'll definitely be back!Buffet brunch Saturdays ares a must! great deal, nice owners, good food.We tried surtido (appetizer), patacon, pescado frito and pollo a la parilla. All of them were delicious but Patacon was our favorite. Basically it is a toston sandwich. You have to stop by if you are local or are in the area. Owner stopped by our table and chatted with us for a while.I'm just now discovering this place. The waitress told me it's been around for about 10 years. I pass it all the time, but never paid it much attention as the exterior is understated. My parents asked me to pick a place to take me for my birthday, then went back a week later with a friend who wanted to treat me to dinner for my birthday as well. Very nice "mom & pop" restaurant, and as I learned - popular! The first time around (w/ my parents), for appetizers we had Camarones En Salsa De Ajo (Tiger shrimp sautéed in garlic, white wine, lemon served with tostones chips) and Platanos Fritos con Queso Rallado (Fried sweet plantains w/ shredded white cheese) - both were very good. For an entre, I had Asado Negro (Beef Roast slow cooked in unrefined sugar cane and garlic, served w/ rice and sweet plantains) - excellent. The second time around (w/ my friend), for apps we had Tostones (Fried green plantains with garlic sauce) - it was ok. It was just minced garlic on top with salsa, hot, and sweet sauce on the side. Entre: Arroz con Pollo. The chicken was a little dry, but that's typical of white meat - I didn't mind it and I enjoyed the dish. Don't leave without trying one of their hot chocolates - I had the Café Negro. The food was good; nice atmosphere too - an intimate place, and the waitresses were pleasant. In general, I think their menu was overpriced, but would go there again - not often though (only because of the price) - to support the small family business. Overall, I really like the place!I've been here once before, and the service was excellent, and the food was amazing. 
BUT, last night I stopped in to grab an empanada to go, and the woman at the counter (one I haven't seen before) was incredibly rude to me. She would not say a word to me or look me in the eye. I was very nice and direct to her, so I didn't understand the rudeness?
I asked her if they took card and she said "no," as I was asking her where the closest ATM was, she ignored me and walked away. When she gave me my change, I said thank you. No response. When she gave me my food I said thank you, no response. 
She was talking to the other people in the restaurant with a polite demeanor. I am certain she was prejudiced (I am a Black Latina woman.)
I will never give this establishment my business again. I know racism when I see it.Amazing. Two visits, and everything I've had has been delicious. The mocha is super. My new favorite spot.Great dining experience overall! We loved their selections for different arepas (appetizer, tapa-like dish). We also enjoyed the whole fish fillet, steak, as well as slow-cooked braised beef that are served with either rice or yucca. Portions are great and service is wonderful. The fried churros with chocolate sauce or the classico hot chocolate are great additions to wrap up a full Venezuelan dining experience!Una vez cenamos ahí, y muy rico. Arroz con una crema de cangrejo, y unos tostones. Y para starter un platillo típico, en el que todo estaba muy bueno. Una salsa tipo guacamole y otra picante creo que de chipotle... Buenísima.  No probamos postres pero tenían muy buena pinta también. Por poner un 'pero' me esperaba que fuera más barato, pero volveré seguro.Hm. I'll start off my saying that this place is EXTREMELY expensive. The two dollar signs suggested on Yelp are not accurate. Three dollar signs would be more appropriate.
The first time I went I had pabellon, which was really good. It's A LOT of food, so the price makes sense for the amount of food you get. Authentic Venezuelan. I was pleased.
I went again and the food was pretty bland. The beans had no flavor and the rice was plain. It also wasn't a lot of food this time, yet we paid close to what we paid the last time we came. I'll also add that some of the dishes are not authentic Venezuelan and pull more from Mexican flavors. If you don't mind then it shouldn't be a big deal but this isn't the kind of food my in-laws make, which is why I came here in the first place.This place is closed until September 13th!!! Don't drive out here before then. This should have been. On their website :(I moved to the Spring Garden neighborhood with slight hesitation thinking I would have an awesome apartment in a dump of a neighborhood.  Boy, have I ever been more wrong? [I've only lived in Philly for a year so don't judge my ignorance.]
My apartment is sandwiched between Prohibition Taproom and Jose's Tacos.  The Live Poultry Market is literally right up the block (exciting even though I'm pescetarian).  Osteria counts, right?  ...and SAZON!
Sazon was the first restaurant I went to on my get-to-know-my-neighborhood outing this past weekend.  I stopped in for bunch and had an amazing fish omelette stuffed with plantains and other forgotten ingredients, salad, and cheddar arepitas.  I ended this great meal with an orgazmo hot chocolate (memorably infused with peanut butter and bananas and topped with a homemade banana creme).  It was all quite incredible, especially considering I had just finished up a game of "move that box" and didn't have to cook anything.  
The service at Sazon was attentive and personable.  The ambiance was enjoyable.  The prices were reasonable.  Most importantly, I was happy to be living in Spring Garden, a mere three blocks away from this incredible Venezuelan restaurant.So delicious. The chicken soup cured my cold back in January. I also really love all the sweetened hot chocolate. The traditional hot chocolate was an experience too but obviously a different flavor from american sweet hot chocolate.I had a shredded beef arepa with plantain, black beans and quest fresco. It was awesome. I also had the shredded chicken with avocado and onion (normally mixed with mayo, i opted to skip that). Also very good. But, If I had to choose, i would say the shredded beef one was better. But only slightly, as they were both very good. They didn't have any of the orgasmo truffles when I went and I was looking forward to trying one. PB, Choc, Banana & Kahlua with choc flake..How can you go wrong?! Sadly, they were all gone, but i'll be back again and I'm hoping they have the orgasmo truffle then. If you're on the fence, I highly recommend giving it a try. Also, BYO. And try the truffles, the guy makes them from scratch. Really a solid place to go.Lovely, delicious BYO owned by a charming and talented couple. The atmosphere in here is relaxed and festive (though I could go for being a tad dimmer) and very casual. But the food was prepared beautifully and the flavors were unique and fairly refined. There aren't a lot of places like this in Philly, so I highly recommend checking it out if you enjoy Latin American food.
Loved the fillet of red snapper and the patacons are outstanding. The arepas were the best part. I don't care if they are too expensive b/c from bread to juicy filing, they were fantastic. Favorites were the pernil pork and the beef, although the scrambled egg looked very interesting. 
I can't have cheese, so I stayed away from the cheese sticks and the empanadas, but I'm assuming they were good because they were finished by our table in about 5 minutes. We had the bread pudding for dessert b/c they were out of the brownies, which was just okay. Should have tried the hot chocolate instead.
Great place to take a big group for something relaxed and fun. Plus, they take reservations, which a lot of BYOs don't do. Highly recommend checking it out.Great little Venezuelan place across the road from Union Transfer. Ate here with my wife before seeing The Both. We sat at the bar and the owner served us, and was very friendly and helpful. 
We ordered a selection of small and large plates, and the food was fresh, flavourful and they didn't take usual butter deglaze/salt shortcuts which sometimes seem a bit ubiquitous in a certain kind of neighborhood restaurant in Philly. 
And the meal was topped off with an amazing dark hot chocolate concoction. We'll definitely be back.I LOVE THIS PLACE!
The food is unique, homey, and amazing. I stumbled upon it thanks to a LivingSocial deal and then I've been back a few times!
I just wish that they had a liquor license, took credit cards, and were open on Mondays. (Not really things to complain about actually)
The owner is very friendly, and two of the times I've been there, we got something comp'd to our table. I love this place! :)I was between 2 and 3 stars. Food is pretty good and seems authentic. Bad service and cash only are forgivable. But the prices seem ridiculous at roughly $11/arepa. Maybe that's just how arepas are? But for my money I go elsewhere. 
Didn't try the sweets.Everything about this restaurant is great. It's authentic and worth a visit (or two). I recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for real Venezuelan cuisine. And, if you don't understand the menu, the servers will explain everything to you.  
The chocolate is one of the best parts about the meal. DO NOT leave unless you've had a truffle or a hot chocolate.So so good! The owners are an adorable couple who spend most of their time working in the restaurant. They're kind, helpful, and genuinely welcoming. And the food is amazing! Make sure that you go with a big appetite. And don't forget a bottle of wine- it's a BYO! The only downside is that it's cash only, but they have an ATM.Food: 3.5
Decor: 2.5
Ambiance: 3
Service: 4
Value: 3.5
Nice little Venezuelan BYOB. Nothing stood out as amazing, but this is the kind of affordable little BYOB that makes Philly a great food city overall.Oh how we miss this place. It is everything. Good prices and AUTHENTIC food! The owners consist of a native Venezuelan and her husband and they are awesome. We went there 4 times in one week once when moving last year and didn't have time to cook. Very gluten free friendly!! Menu was labeled and the owners were very aware of what it means to be celiac. Whatever iced mocha coffee I had there was heaven. I'll be hard pressed to replace this restaurant out here in Utah.When I moved to the Callowhill neighborhood nearly five years ago, Sazon was one of few restaurants within walking distance from my apartment.  Consequently, I've eaten here many times over the years and their brunch remains one of my favorites in the city.  Dinner here is quite good as well, but a bit pricey for this part of the city.  Whenever you go, make sure to get the hot chocolate, as it's the best that I've had.  
The service is generally friendly and attentive and is in keeping with the restaurant's overall casual feel.  In addition to the hot chocolate, the arepas are delicious and available in a few vegetarian options.  Serving sizes are large and I typically have leftovers, which is rare.  If - unlike me - you don't live in the neighborhood, I'd highly recommend stopping by with a bottle of wine for some arepas before a show at Union Transfer.Excellent Venezuelan food...my husband and I enjoyed dinner here before a show at the Fillmore. Everything we had was delicious, fresh and full of flavor.  Arepas, soup, plantains were all delicious. To top off a great dinner, the owner is a chocolatier, so dessert was exquisite.  The food and service are five star. The atmosphere is nothing to write home about, but it works with the personality of the place. I will definitely return!My wife and I dine here fairly often, so I owe them a review. I'm from Venezuela and it's the only Venezuelan restaurant in town, but we're always happy with the food and service. Most times we go, Judith and/or Robert are there personally serving customers and treat us like we're family. The food is well executed, either by or under Judith's supervision. In some cases, the dishes aren't exactly what you would eat if you were in Venezuela, but rather a somewhat Americanized equivalent, in the same way that the American food my mother cooked when I was growing up was somewhat Venezuelanized due to lack of ingredient availability and my mother's embrace of local ingredients and cooking style. Judith is a very imaginative and versatile cook, however, and the modifications tend to make the dishes better, IMO.
We love coming here for Sunday brunch. The Desayuno Venezolano (Venezuelan Breakfast) and Cuajado de Pescado (Fish Omelette) are always delightful. Otherwise, you can't go wrong with the quintesential Venezuelan favorite, Pebellon Criollo, or the Venezuelan equivalent of an Argentinian steak, Carne a la Parrilla, which comes with the special Guasacaca sauce to put on the the Yuca side, or on the steak itself. They've recently started serving a gluten free buffett for Saturday brunch to complement the Sunday brunch menu, which was good when we went, including a couple meat dishes (chicken and pork), as well as some traditional breakfast favorites (scrambled eggs, pancakes and french toast, with the option of either traditional syrope or a delicious passion fruit syrope). They told us they hope to keep the buffet varied and use it to experiment with some new dishes. Finally, you can't go wrong finishing up with a dessert, coffee or chocolate. Robert travels to Latin America often in search of new sources of Cacao for his wonderful hot chocolate. In addition to traditional Venezuelan desserts, they also make Churros, both traditional and a variant made with Yuca, that come with some of Robert's chocolate to dip in.
One thing to keep in mind is that, last I knew, in spite of what yelp says, they had stopped accepting credit cards. Although I understand why they did it, we probably go there less often now because of it. As a courtesy, they've added an ATM machine for people who don't know or forget that they're cash only (it charges a fee, of course).Really great place to go out to dinner.  Prices aren't too expensive and the people who own the restaurant are very friendly.  The food is well prepared and is appetizing, but for a restaurant that claims to be vegetarian friendly, I wish there were more options!!  What they have is good, but theres only so many plantains and beans and corn arepas you can eat!  The drinks are really good too, they have a large variety, check them outThe food is awesome. Keep that in mind when your coming because the service is so so.. Make reservations if you know in advance.. I can't give an I depth review because I can t pronounce half the stuff I ate but it was all great.. Service is slow but there was only 2 services on.. All and food was great. Worth the stop ..This authentic Venezuelan spot did not disappoint.  It's owned by a Venezuelan cook and her Philly-native husband who were the main staff when me and my five friends visited on a rainy Saturday evening.  The atmosphere was inviting, even if the decor felt a bit cheap, and the food was great and felt authetic.  Definitely the best arepas I've had.  Portions are a good size too.  It's also BYOB.Excellent BYOB.  The pulled pork was delicious, the empanadas are great too.  The place has charm.  
The chocolate is great, but I am not a chocolate person, and there we're other very tasty dessert options while the rest of my group was going nuts over the chocolate.The food was amazing!!  I am gluten intolerant and they are very very accommodating and knowledgeable.  The arepas and tostones were so good!  Will be going back!What a great -- Almost the entire menu is naturally gluten free! We had shredded beef with rice and plantains, a pork chop with rice and beans as well as a spicy sauce on the side (it packed a tasty punch). I ordered an arepa with shredded chicken and avocado -- and this chicken soup that was out of this world phenomenal. For dessert the quebrillo looked and tasted like a flan and the coconut flan was a dense coconutty custard. The owner shared how he was making chocolate the slow and traditional way with cacao. We appreciated the time and interest that he shared of the food, the culture, and the tradition. It is well worth a trip.Very disappointed.   We stood @ the host area for over 10 minutes without anyone acknowledging our presence.  This IRKS the shit out of me.  
We decided to skip on any apps and go straight to entrees.  The arroz con pollo was very dry.  It was dark meat chicken thighs, how can they be dry?  Sitting out awhile?  The carne asada was slightly better, still dry, but at least it came with a delicious sauce that could be sopped up w/ the meat.  
We then had dessert and waited over 20 minutes for churros.  They had an extensive selection of chocolate truffles but no one offered any suggestions or explanations of anything.
There are too many quality options in the area to return here.  How do you say "lame" in espanol?This place is phenomenal, Although not cheap the food would still be a bargain at twice the price! Try the assado negro, describing it doesn't even do it justice so just try it. Everything on the menu is fantastic even the stuff that sounds like it wouldn't be is better than the best things at other resteraunts near by. Anyone who as anything critical to say about any of the food here is a complete lunatic with no taste buds and is in all propability high on freebase cocaine. The service is great even though the number of people on shift could fit in a midsize car. If you live in Philly and you don't try Sazon you ought to be hauled off in a straight jacket because you are a danger to your self and everyone around you.I came here the other night with the BF to try out one of his LivingSocial coupons.  We wanted to try something different and off the beat from our usual roster of restaurants, which Sazon definitely qualifies as.  Walking inside, it very much felt like a cross between a diner and a dive, and the service and atmosphere felt very down-home.  Overall, the food was inconsistent (some very good, some not so good), and while we didn't get a chance to try the hot chocolate, I'm not sure I would head back for round two.
We started with the Sazon Sampler, which consisted of three deep-fried cheese sticks, two mini arepas (one chicken, one beef) and an empanada stuffed wtih black beans and cheese.  Everything on the plate was delicious: perfectly cooked, perfectly seasoned, well done.  I wish we just had this for dinner because it was the right amount of flavor, portion, and tasted great.  For my entree, I had the Patacon with Pernil (roast pork).  The serving was enormous: a giant stack of pernil, lettuce, tomatoes, barely melted cheese, and avocado sandwiched between two giant deep fried plantain slices.  Oh, and a side of yellow rice.  I found the plantains to be dry and bland, the pork to be extremely dry in some spots and tender and juicy in others, and the rest of the ingredients not really contributing much to the flavor and cohesiveness of the dish.  Also, it was massive.  By the time I finally finished, we were too full to even consider dessert (but we took some of their house-made chocolate truffles for the road).
On the whole, this place is good, but nothing special.  If I go back, I'm definitely sticking with a less filling option, maybe an arepa.  However, it definitely gives off a very authentic vibe, and you can tell just how much the staff and owners care about their food, culture, and passion.I went here with a few friends one evening for a first time encounter with Venezuelan fare. The walls were painted a really warm yellow color, and was very cozy and welcoming. It was relatively empty, but we seemed to have just missed the party train as many of the tables were still covered in beer bottles from the previous diners (It's a BYOB establishment). It did pick up a little bit as the night went on. 
The owners of the restaurant both cook and serve. The husband was very kind and helpful when deciding what to order. I got the Pernil Arepa which was very flavorful, and the cornmeal bread it was on gave it lovely texture. 
After dinner comes the best part...the dessert. If you eat here and skip dessert, you should be arrested. The hot chocolate here is really something special. I just got the Clasico; it was hot chocolate perfection, the holy grail of dessert drinks. It is bittersweet, thick, and creamy. The lack of over sweetening allows you to really appreciate the complex flavor of the chocolates he uses. 
I also tried the El Orgasmo (dark chocolate, peanut butter, kahlua, banana, topped with banana cream). It was good, but honestly, I wouldn't waste your money, go with the Clasico.Driven by this place so many times and finally made it in.  It was great! The service was super sweet and attentive.  They made great rec commendations and the food was delicious.  They also make their own chocolates which are for genuine chocolate fans as it was very rich and yummy!  It's a cute on the inside and I can't wait to return.We won't be going back. Owner who makes the chocolate has no clue about customer service. I only got my drink 15 minutes after asking him because I flagged down a waitress. Food is ok with good portions but not worth the wait. We weren't impressed with the chocolate.  There is better in the city.Authentic and delicious Venezuelan cuisine. The friendly service coupled with the tasty arepas keep me coming back for more. The Venezuelan chef knows what she's doing and it shows in every bite.So much has already been said about Sazon, and I wrote a tip in 2013, but I feel a burning desire to really delve into the place. For those who hate to read: ambience, family-centric, belly satiating, soul warming Venuzuelan restaurant. 
I lived right around the corner from the gem in the rough and didn't discover their epic delicacies until departure from the neighborhood. The place is a BYOB with plenty of diversified drink choices for even the most discerning palate. I really appreciate the handcrafted cacao drinks, but the Super Juice and lemonades are nothing to scoff at. As someone in long-term recovery, having a wide berth of non-alcoholic options is a treat.
The appetizers are all phenomenal. Garlic topped crispy yuca with housemade hot sauces, empanadas stuffed full of meats and cheese, and even the cheese sticks are delectable. I love that every dish perfectly melds textures and flavors and contains fresh ingredients. 
For the main course, the Asado Negro will change your life. Sweet, garlicy and fork tender beef meets caramelized plantains in a perfect match. The arepas are delightfully crisp enough to stand up to the multitude of stuffings, yet soft enough to yield to a knife. 
Dessert is unmissable. Try the "Chocolate Alchemist" chocolates  (available in vegan/raw vegan), churros with dark chocolate sauce, or any number of their seasonal specialties.
Sazon is CASH ONLY, so plan accordingly or be prepared for on-site ATM fees. The place is run by a husband and wife team and occasionally service is slow. However, I feel that the rest of the experience more than makes up for occasionally negligent service. Just a forewarning that they may be understaffed- so come prepared for a leisurely meal.
Whether you are a local, or an out-of-towner Sazon is a must try in Philadelphia.My wife and I went to Sazon before a show at Union Transfer, and would absolutely recommend it to anyone. The servers were friendly, attentive and informative, and everything we ate was excellent. We split an empanada, the Christmas dinner special and the churros for dessert. If you go on a weekend, reservations are a good idea. But I hope to have a chance to go back soon!Wonderful flavorful food with a great home-cooked feel.  4.5 stars.
SANCOCHO DE CARNE.  Order it for happiness.  Stephanie Y explains what it is.  I'll just say it's fantastic.  Start with either the tiger shrimp or Tequenos - somewhat like cheese sticks but homemade and way better.  They offer a nice assortment of freshly made juices, chocolate concoctions, and desserts to complement or finish the meal.  Everything is made fresh and the owners Bob and Judy are very personable.  Even when the restaurant is busy, they make time to visit each table and ensure you're having a good time.  
The presentation of each dish is nice and while the prices are a bit high, the flavor of each dish is worth the money.  Décor is simple but pleasant.  The only downside for me is that random additions - sliced avocado, hot sauce, etc. - tend to be fairly expensive.
Super tasty food.  Excellent service.  Cocoa flavored goodness.  A touch pricey but worth it.
Cheers.Myself and two friends visited this restaurant to try something new. Unfortunately, the food was super bland and the staff was quite rude!
One of my friends had never had Venezuelan food before, so he asked the waiter if we could have some chips or appetizer for the table- the waiter rudely told us "We don't have chips, we're further south than Mexico." Wow, there's a nice way to explain, and there's that way. Also, maybe he should have suggested an appetizer from their menu, instead, he lost the business and we didn't order anything.
I ordered the Tofu Pepidia for a main dish and it was SO bland. I know what you're thinking - isn't tofu always bland? But it's far from the truth. If you season tofu with ANYTHING, it picks up the flavor really well. This dish was not seasoned at all - tasted like white bread.
We ordered churros and coffee for dessert. I know this isn't a cafe, but the coffee tasted like it was from a diner, and the churros were nothing memorable.
I won't be back.Enter the twilight zone of crossover cuisine. Sazon is magical. The plantains are wonderful! And the hot sauces are fresh.Everything fresh and delicious. Arepa reina pepiada, pollo empanada, and chicken soup all delicious. Will have to return to try more!I have been a customer of Sazon for six years and am continually amazed at what an incredible duo Robert and Judy are and how much they care about their food, their chocolate, and their customers. They have contributed much to my experience of Philly. 
Judy's Venezuelan dishes are absolutely delicious - every bit of it is made by her and her trusty kitchen crew from scratch with the best ingredients. I am gluten free so her offerings catering to my needs are so valuable. Her juicy pops, which she makes in the summer season, are the most healthy and delicious pops, I dare say, in this city. 
When Robert is not busy tending to the customers, he is in his sweet little chocolate lab in the corner of the restaurant - making chocolate bars, drinking chocolates, and truffles from scratch. He is a serious chocolate alchemist - he hand selects his cacao beans and then processes them entirely by hand, blending his hand processed micronibs into top notch ingredients. This 100% hand made process is nearly unheard of in the industry and creates a chocolate that is not only delicious, but actually good for you. 
This place is my favorite restaurant in Philly - just incredible.This place was great. The server was genuinely friendly and the food was delish.  No corkage fee either.We were in town for the Philly Beer Fest and met some friends here.  First, it is hard to see the restaurant as they don't have a sign out front.  It is on the corner, almost directly across from Union Transfer.
The food was great and the place is popular.  I will say that I'm not a fan of the Arepas, they are a little dry.  The empanada appetizers are great.
The next time we go to a Union Transfer show, we are going to use Sazon as our pre-show dinner.This place is honestly a hidden treasure. Good, clean food. 
The food is seasoned perfectly and lightly really allowing the taste of the individual ingredients to shine through. The portions are satisfying and for the price I think it is a great deal. They also have a lot of vegan/vegetarian options so it is a good option for eaters of all kinds. 
The chocolate in its various forms is out of this world. 
These people really care about what they are serving and it really stands out.Sazon is the bizz-omb! It's a bit out of the way in an area somewhat South Philly somewhat Center City, neither really. It's also somewhat close to Penn's Landing. So, year, it's sorta in between here, there, and there.
The food here is pretty fantastic. The chocolate and what they do with it, well it's fantastic to the next power. The even have a superhero like name for the man making the chocolate stuff. He's the Chocolate Alchemist. Hoozah!
We kicked things off with a Classico hot chocolate, and it was Mm Mm good. This is no typical watered down chocolate drink. You really taste the chocolate and not the water.
We kicked things off with fried sweet plantains with shredded white cheese. This was so delish. It pretty much melted in my mouth. The addition of cheese makes this classic dish a notch better. I say a notch, because really, there's not much room for improving an already fantastic food.
We got some french fries, mainly for my baby girl. She's a little more picky, and fries always work out for her. She, of course, gobbled them up. They were pretty good.
I got this castle of a sandwich called Patacon, heralded as their number one selling special. And, who am I to argue with a best seller? This thing, this monster, it was, so hard to define, just awesome. I got pork, but chicken, veggie, and a beef/ham combo are also options. From there, it's topped with spinach, tomato, onions, avocado and cheese, all sandwiched between two monster tostones. And, then there is the (yawn) a side of rice. Rice is rice, and it;s fine, but next to this beauty and a beast sandwich, it's boring.
What's a good meal without desert? A good meal. But with desert, it's now greatness, assuming the desert is on that level. And, desert at Sazon did not disappoint. We got the churros with a  chocolate dipping sauce. Ba-jesus! Yeah, that about sums it up.
Go out of your way for Sazon. it;s something special.Pretty pricey but high quality stuff. The aesthetic of the place is soo cute. They have tasty chocolates and their flan is fantastic. The only thing is that it is pretty expensive. 
The service was good. The man owner was friendly. The female owner is inspiring. She looks like she is a bold woman who is such a hard worker.
I will go back hust because of how genuinley Venezuelan this restaurant is. It's also BYO :)I came down here with my gal for brunch on a Saturday. The unassuming appearance on the outside opened up to a cute little restaurant that was quiet but not empty.
We sat in a booth towards the rear, and were greeted by the waitress who was working the room alone. She was attentive and efficient. We ordered our coffee drinks: I got a iced cafe con leche and she got just black coffee. I'll be honest, I was not too pleased by my coffee drink. Also, they didn't have any soy milk, which was tough since they are clearly a veg friendly place.
But they made up for it in spades when it came to the food! We ordered the plantains app and it was so tasty. They bananas were covered in cheese and delightfully sweet. 
I ordered the Venezuelan Breakfast dish and it was so wonderful. It was scrambled eggs with shredded beef tossed in a red sauce with tons of fresh cilantro. True to the name, this dish was flavored with sazon seasoning. It came with an arepa which was hearty and filled with melted cheese as well as a small side of black beans. Every bite was a trip down to Caracas. I took the arepa and used it to scoop up the creamy (textured not flavored) beans. Perfect way to start the day, and definitely not something I have had anywhere else in Philly.
She got a really great looking mushroom omelette. It came with two mini arepas and a side of greens. The tiny arepas looked so cute and tasty. The tortilla was slightly overcooked causing the eggs to be slightly rubbery. However, she told me the mushrooms were tasty and I was somewhat jealous of the greens on her plate.
I want to come back for dinner, or perhaps just another arepa!This restaurant is a hidden gem. Their cocoa drinks are amazingly rich and organic. I really enjoyed my meal here. Everything was made perfectly. The highlight of my meal was the guayaba drink. I downed two and if I wasn't on a budget, I probably would have ordered 5 more. The lady who took my order was really nice and actually pretty funny. She was constantly cracking jokes and had me laughing the entire time. Next time I am in Philly, I'm definitely going to recommend eating at this place any chance I get.Had a great first experience at Sazon last night. Service is relaxed so you don't feel rushed to finish your dinner. Both me and my date had arepas and the plantain as an appetizer. They were delicious and a great portion size. I'm gluten free and it was so nice to have a menu that was labeled what I could eat and have the staff be familiar with my allergy. Can't wait to go back and try the famous hot chocolate!My girlfriend and I ate here around April 10th (give or take two days). It was one of the best restaurant experiences we have had in a long time. The quality of the food, the friendliness of other customers, the warm and hospitable nature of the service, and the knowledge the owners have of the food all enriched our experience there. 
Look at their site for the menu. We ate: tequenos sancocho de carne, asado negro, the beef/ham patacon, their highest-percentage-of-cacao hot chocolate, a chocolate truffle, and La Amazona (the cold energy drink). [We also bought some hot chocolate as well as a chocolate bar to take home to DC.] EVERYTHING was outstanding and delicious. We LOVED the food and sometimes salivate just thinking about going back to that place. 
Some customers nearby happened to have brought too much beer and wine; they kept filling and refilling our glasses with their extras and insisting we drink. My girl got smashed; I was having fun, and a good time was had all around.
Judy, the owner and our server, along with her husband, Robert the chocolatier, were extremely friendly and warm to us. They definitely keep it real and are funny and great to be around. We had a fantastic time around them.
All in all, from their recommendations, to the restaurant's decor, and the friendliness of other customers, everything was excellent. And, the food was really f-ing good..
I will be posting some photos on Yelp of our experience, by the way. You can see our dishes and how much fun we were having. I even took my shoes off because I felt so comfortable there (judge me if you want).
Anyway, if you've never been here, you're sorely missing out. If you have, you're not reading this review; instead, you're trying to see if you can squeeze in both brunch AND dinner there.
You HAVE to go! Simple as that.A faded blue sign hangs over an exterior that needs a lot of TLC. From the outside, Sazon does not look impressive. I didn't know what to expect as I walked into this Venezuelan BYOB. The inside looks much better than the outside, and as we were walking through the dining room to our table, I stole a couple of looks at other people's dishes. I was instantly hooked.
I was out with my fried Sean; we split a bottle of Pinot Noir from Chile. The wine was okay. Our server was nice and attentive. While we were eating, the jovial owner stepped out of the kitchen to check in the with tables. He's passionate about the food and this was a really nice touch.  The menu here is pretty extensive. They offer a good mix of appetizers, sandwiches, and entrees, making this a great place for lunch or dinner. The prices are a little bit higher than I expected, but it's offset by the fact that you can bring your own alcohol.
Our appetizer dish came with an empanada stuffed with black beans and cheese. It was basic, but not bad. The corn pastry stuffed with shredded pork was a step up.  The meat was well seasoned and cooked, making for a nice little treat. To finish this dish, there were three cheese sticks, but they had puff pastry dough instead of a deep fried shell. The result was the best mozzarella stick I've ever had.
For dinner, we split the huge surf and turf special. The shrimp was decent.The chorizo was excellent, it was well cooked and had a perfectly spicy flavor. The serlion tips were my favorite part of this dish. They were well cooked and incredibly tender. There was a huge flavor to them, but the texture was so good that I didn't care. The dish came with a side salad, avocado, and fried yucca, all which went fantastically with the meat and seafood. It was a great thing to share, because it was a lot of food.
At this point, I was happy with my dining experience at Sazon. But it wasn't quite over. We were staring at a menu with several different hot chocolates that were too enticing to pass up. I can't put into works how good this was. It was a perfect dessert, depite being the middle of summer. I can't imagine how much better it would be on a wintry night. The classic hot chocolate, which is a "must taste", is a thick blend from five different kinds of chocolate. It's reason enough on its own to visit Sazon. We also ordered the orgasmo, which was a blend of peanut butter and Kahlua. It was good, but nothing compared to the classic.
Bottom Line: Sazon is a unique spot that is definitely worth visiting. The food, service, and atmosphere are all good, but not amazing. The hot chocolate, however, is fantastic.First time eating here and will probably not return.  The arepas were delicious and the hot sauce is outstandingly good but the food is OK and the reception by the owner/husband was less than pleasing not to mention crass. We had to ask 2-3 times for our wine bottles to be uncorked and then had to wait again for the second bottle to be opened when it clearly asked to open both bottles.The chef/wife is delightful but not worth the effort.Sloppy Jose is the best!!!!  Hot chocolates are great but super expensive, not really worth it in my frugal opinion.  Empanadas are wonderful, beautiful natural juices, and my friend's Cubano was great too.  Other things we've tried that we liked very much: El Ranchero and Desayuno Venezolano.  A little high priced, but good service.  House made chocolates.  Keep forgetting its a BYOB but that will be nice when I remember one day.  Cash only.  Gluten-free options if you're into that sort of thing.Sazon is definitely one of the most under-the-radar hidden gems in NoLibs. I was looking for a laid back place for a BYO and came across Sazon on Yelp. Since my experience there, I've been raving about this gem to everyone looking for good BYO places in Philly aside from the usual (Banana Leaf, La Viola, etc). 
Our server (who actually has owned the restaurant for 10+ years) was extremely attentive, courteous, and accommodating. I ordered the Pabellon Vegetariano which was superb. The tofu was grilled so well and marinated in this delicious sauce. Everyone at our table raved about the rice and beans, which seems like an odd thing to rave about, but trust me, they're good. My friends got the Asada Negro, Pabellon Arepa, and the Patacon, none of which disappointed. We asked for some of the (free) salsas to try as well which were delicious! The tomato salsa is a good, less-spicy version of the House Hot Sauce, which was my favorite. Their Venezuelan Guacamole was also delicious! We had heard about Sazon's hot chocolate so we had the Orgasmo and the original, both of which were absolutely amazing. Three of us wanted to share the original so she was kind enough to split it up into 3 small cups as well, which we appreciated. To end the meal, we got the Brownie and the Torta Tres Leches, which were heavenly. While the meal was pretty pricey, we were more than happy with our service and food. Definitely check out Sazon for a great BYO experience!Just ate at Sazon while visiting Philly from D.C.  It was enough to make me want to plan another trip, asap.  We had beef stew --- perfect for the cold blustery night -- and two kinds of arepas, chicken and the chicken, avocado and mayo.  I agree w/ another reviewer who says the arepas are a godsend to those who don't tolerate gluten (this was my first experience eating arepas but we had them at another quite good restaurant for breakfast on the same trip and those just didn't compare).  We finished with the classic cocoa, which let me tell you, will blow your socks off. It was like nothing I've ever tasted before.  Be warned that it's rich, so save room.  Roberto sells his special mix of south and central American chocolates so you can try to replicate the experience at home.
On top of the great food and the cosy, laid back ambiance are the owners --- not only are they fine chefs but they're friendly and obviously very passionate about what they do and enthusiastic about sharing that passion with their customers.  I wish I lived closer so that I could make Sazon a regular event, but I'll be back for sure.Pretty good food jawn, here, but not remarkable.  The hot chocolate, though, is phenomenal. Be sure to check it out.  
Staff/owner has always been extremely kind.  
Don't expect romance, however.  The place can get a bit crowded and it feels more like a diner than a restaurant at times.Absolutely Amazing!
I wanted to take my wife out to this place as a surprise for Valentine's Day because she loves chocolate and because I wanted to check this place out myself since the ratings were high. 
Well we went and we were totally impressed. We started first with a mixed salad that was called ensalata and it was fresh and tasted great. 
Then my wife got for her order asada negro and she loved it. She also gave me some to try and I was also impressed. 
I ordered Pabellon Criollo and it was also great and my wife also liked it as well. We both got with our dishes sweet plantain and it was delicious. 
Then for dessert I ordered a truffle and my wife ordered an ooey gooey truffle and they were good. 
We also split a hot chocolate called a Classico that had 5 different chocolates in it. It was the best hot chocolate we have ever had and we both agreed that their hot chocolate was better than Max Brenner's. 
Anyway I highly recommend this restaurant and we are looking forward to going back again.I absolutely love this place.  The service is great and the food is amazing.  You never have to wait long on appetizers or main dish so great for that first date where you may run out of things to talk about.  It's byob and cash only so come prepared.  Definitely get the doughy thing that's filled with cheese for appetizer. So yummy! I always get the Venezuelan favorite arepa (chicken and avacado). Oh,  and the hot chocolate is a must!We were in town for an all-day music festival at the nearby Starlight Ballroom and wanted to get some dinner between bands. Thanks to Yelp we located this place and I'm very glad that we did! At 5:30pm on a Saturday there were only two other tables of diners and one waitress, but we were seated and served very quickly. I was impressed by the number of vegetarian and gluten-free items. We ordered a black bean and cheese empanadas which had a delicious crust and filling; my entree was the tofu pepiada arepa and my partner had the asado negro. Both were so flavorful and amazing! For dessert we split the churros and Cuaima (chilie and cinnamon) hot chocolate. The prices were reasonable and the service was excellent. I'd visit this place again in a heartbeat while visiting!My main course was Pabellon Criollon
Shredded Flank Steak with white rice, black beans, and sweet plantains was pretty good.  The meat was seasoned and cooked to perfection.  Plantains also were great.  But the black beans were forgettable.
Also ordered the appetizer sazon sampler of arepas, empanada and tequeños.  Had better arepas and wasn't impressed with them but the rest was good.  Side note my gf ordered the Asado Negro and that was very delicious (highly recommend it).
Service was OK came on a Wednesday night and it was not busy (only 3 total group including us)and initially our server was MIA for a bit after we ordered our drinks.  But ended up being slightly above average as the night went on.  Want to give it 3.5 but 3 was too low and 4 too high but just rounded up.  Undecided if I would come back again or not with so many other options in this city.We loved this little place.  The food was interesting on the palate and delicately seasoned (didn't have the usual excessive amounts of salt and grease that you find in so many restaurants).  There was a great ambience too - family-friendly and yet buzzing.  Great place for a more interesting date. We sat up at the bar and found the food delicious. Definitely don't miss the classic hot chocolate. To die for! We'll definitely be back!Oh Yelp, where is your bloody half-star when I need it!  Rats!  Sazon gets 3.5 stars, but I'm rounding up to four because I loved the decor.  The restaurant was so cutely decorated with Venezualen tchotchkes and heart-warming photographs.  Plus, I loved the muted, earth-toned color scheme.
Sazon isn't in the greatest location, but it's cozy, BYO and has great food for the prices.  I had the pollo arepa which was yummy, if not a little dull (I mean, what did I expect going with straight chicken when there were so many more interesting fillings on the menu!?)  I tried my friend's steak empanada however, and would definitely order it again.  The breading on both was *excellent*, although I preferred the empanada to the arepa.  
Sazon took good care of our group, and I think this would be a great restaurant for a birthday party on a budget.  My only complaint is that a side of yellow rice & beans cost $8.50 (as much as a steak empanada!)  I realize that you have to order both sides separately, but they should have a combo option for $5-$6 at most.Great place! We had tostones, one reina pepida arepa, one pabellon arepa and a side of yuca. It was all amazing and so filling! The servers were super gracious and attentive. Very nice little place. The Venezuelan artwork and dessert selection(vegan options!!) really sets this place off! Gluten-free selections as well!!Best sandwich ever. I'm not kidding. Burger plus mozzarella plus egg plus ham plus some amazing kind of mayo thing on fresh ciabatta bread. BEST. 
Plus, the arepas and other traditional Venezuelan food was out of this world, past Mars and so good that it made Pluto into a real planet just like it always wanted. (Take that, Science!) The ingredients are all fresh as can be and cooked to perfection, not at all overdone. And besides being fresh, it's pretty healthy for you, actually, which is a giant plus. Aaaand, a lot of it is vegan, gluten-free friendly. 
In other news, the BYOB has the most awesome owner. She's incredibly friendly and oh so knowledgeable about her craft, people. 
Get a chicha (SP?) drink and the warm gooey Venez. version of mozzarella sticks as appetizers, and try not to eat your mind out, because it is that good. See: that doesn't even make any sense; I was thinking of how good the empanada was, and now I make no sense.I'm so glad we liked this place! 
We live just a couple blocks away and it is always nice to find a neighborhood establishment worth going to. 
We had a living social coupon, and our server (owner?) was extremely pleasant about accepting it. 
There was a special Valentine's menu, but I wish the crab and shrimp in coconut sauce was on the menu all the time. the presentation was beautiful and the food was very yummy!  
I also indulged and had a hot chocolate. (basically melted chocolate!) mmm.Sunday Venezuelan best.  I seldom find a restaurant where I love the food and love the talented proprietors.  
Robert and Judith are the people who create incredibly home cooked and healthy flavors with exceptional quality from the beginning of the meal to the exquisite chocolatey end. 
 This is not the standard beautifully decorated and pricey restaurant of Philadelphia. Instead what you will find here, is a delightful couple who really know about native Venezuelan food.  The big bonus is that they know how to end the meals elegantly with Roberts original  creations in authentic cacao nibs to chocolate desserts which by all means can be compared with the most delectable and sinfully delicious and pure chocolate desserts i have experienced in my travels.  In fact, I don't recall anything better.Very good Home-cooked Venezuelan food from a husband & wife team.  You can't leave w/o having one of their decadent House-made Hot Chocolates!!!  I was up all night after mine;-)
NOTES: Street Parking & CASH ONLY.I heard a lot of good things about Sazon, mostly from a friend who has been there a few times. I stopped in solo to see if this would be a nice spot to take a special lady friend.
I started out with tostones, one of my favorite foods! I was impressed with the way they were cooked...very uniform shape and thickness. Nice crispness and the right texture. However, they were virtually flavorless. There were tiny amounts of cheese on top of them, but only after I hit them up with a generous amount of salt shaker did I taste anything. 
I had the pernil arepa..not too bad. The meat was delicious, nice seasoning. This was my first experience with arepas. There was far too much juice in the sandwich because the bottom patty was soaked. Between this and the carmelized onion rings on top(delicious but unable to be torn with a bite), the apparent hand food moved into fork and knife territory. 
I tried the chicha, which taste like rice pudding in a glass. Coming from me, that is a compliment. Creamy...nice spice to it. I would definitely order it again. Also, I sampled a few varieties of Sazon's truffles. I am a dark chocolate lover and I was satisfied with the flavors I got from the chocolate made in-house. One of them featured blueberry port wine which gave the truffle a decadent and smooth, yet slightly acidic and tart flavor. Yum yum!
It became apparent while I was there that reservations are suggested and sometimes necessary at Sazon. I had no problem getting a table with no reservations, but then again it was just me by my lonesome.Pretty random location. Had some great Venezuelan food in NYC recently so was psyched that LivingSocial pointed out this Venezuelan joint in Philadelphia. 
Do not be deterred by the neighborhood. Sazon is very comfy and a great place to go with friends. It had this sort of secretive vibe to it, sort of like I could take people here and be sure they never been there and it could become "our" spot sort of deal. 
I shared an appetizer sampler with my date, which featured some empanadas, tequenos, and arepas. Arepas are pretty standard venezuelan fare and a great take on your everyday sandwich. Definitely have to try an arepa if you are going to ever try Venezuelan. 
For my entree, I tried the Sloppy Jose. The sauce on it was fantastic and the meat was cut really well and tasted perfectly juicy. 
Definitely loved it here. 
They seemed to be a bit understaffed though and were a tad slow but otherwise great place. Definitely try it!I LOVE THIS PLACE. The food is delightfully great. One of the owners makes the chocolate, so for sure check that out. 
We had empanadas, arepa, pabellon, and carne asado. Also, I had passion fruit juice.  Everything was more than great, and the dishes were served on ceramic pieces. 
The people who work there are very helpful and friendly. Finding service like that is very rare lately, and my friends and I plan on returning. 
The restaurant is very cute and quaint. It reminds me of my grandmother's kitchen, and I immediately felt comfortable there.