Impeccable food and service! We figured if we were gonna do Sbraga, we needed the chefs counter 6 course with wine pairings. A pricy endeavor but no regrets. I loved having a front row view of the deliciousness about to be laid in front of me. The team behind the line on this particular Saturday night ran like a well oiled machine. 
The tone was set with the amuse Gruyere popover with foie gras soup. Heavenly! There were no duds on the menu, but other standouts were the saffron spaghetti with blue crab, the crispy Arctic char and the chicken liver mousse (btw I thought I hated chicken liver). The wines were matched very well. 
My friend was celebrating a birthday so I included that in the notes when making the reservation. To top off the experience, they gave her a note signed by Sbraga and a little goodie bag. Can't wait to return!We had an amazing meal and experience! 
The service is wonderful - attentive and knowledgable and the ingredients and the preparation. 
Every bite was delicious as is the $55 price for the 4 course tasting menu. The gruyere popover was hot and savory and the perfect popover. I could eat a large bowl of the foie gras soup with the flavors of thai chilies and lemon grass. Both pastas were divine - the rigatoni with carrot top pesto with rabbit (prob the best dish of the night) and the saffron bucatini with blue crab with a little spice from fresno chillies. We had the fried game hen and the tile fish for mains. The tile fish was fine but couldn't compete with the flavor explosion of the game hen although the shrimp dumplings were tasty - wish there were more.  Desserts were a luscious semifreddo and carrot cake.
Drinks were well made but overpriced compared to the price point of the tasting menu (obvi to make some $$$).
Can't wait to go back. Wish we had more $55 tasting menus in NYC.My fiancé and I went to Spraga last night..needless to say it was our first and last time dining at this establishment.  We were pretty pumped to go here since we live right down the street and thoroughly enjoyed ourselves at Fat Ham a few weeks ago.  The food was good but not show stopping.  My major issues were with the service.  1 word.  Unbelievable.  We spent $180 on 2 people.  When you spend that much money on a meal.. You expect perfection with food, service and ambiance.  This place underwhelmed and now I have to deal with my fiancé who is still raging with last nights experience.  Thanks Spraga.
Issues:
1.  Soups came before cocktails.  I finally had to ask a manager where our cocktails we're because it so long.  - not in my world if I'm paying $180!  
2.  First course came while we were still eating our soup..so we had 2 plates in front of us on a cramped table.  Hello serving 101 at like the most basic restaurant in the world..Don't bring the next course when people are still eating their first!  Again I would expect shit like this to happen if I were at TGI Fridays but I wasn't at TGI Fridays.  I was at SPRAGA.
4. The waiter tried to remove plates while we were still eating from them.  Say what?  Not when I'm paying $180 on a meal son!  You leave the plate until I am finished!
5.  The waiter would awkwardly come to the table and just stand there.. Obviously we know he came to take our food order or dessert order but you say " Is everyone ready?.. I'd like to take your order" etc.  WTF.  Nope he just stood there... Weird!  
6.  Empty glasses/butter dishes left on the table throughout the meal.  Sloppy.  The server tries to take plates we are still eating from but leaves sangria glasses etc for the entire meal?  I just.  Don't.  Get it.  
All in all food was good, not amazing and I've had better service at Tangier.  If you are going to spend that much money go somewhere else.What a great experience! The courses are delicious and it's hard to make a wrong choice here. Also, a surprisingly great cocktail menu (in the top three restaurant menus I've had) and attentive staff. Every minute and every plate was amazing.I'm not one to watch the chef shows so celebrity chefs don't do me. That said, the food was creative and cutting edge. We had the  four course tasting menu. The dishes have many flavors that reveal themselves to you one at a time which is fun. Small portions, but enough food. I had a wonderful glass of Argentinian wine which was fun. My only disappointment is that they only change the four course menu seasonally so no real incentive to go back again until next season unless I ante up for the six course menu which is just a little too pricey with a kid in college.  Wonderful service. Really top notch which is becoming more and more rare these days.Can I first confess that while I'm a Top Chef fan, I'm mistakenly thought Kevin Gillespie was Kevin Sbraga? Imagine my surprise when I sat down to my New Year's Eve meal and I saw a brown bear instead of a ginger bear.
I've been excited to know a Top Chef winner has opened up a restaurant a few blocks down my place but I haven't gone for months because I felt somewhat intimidated. The price is of course a little higher and I've always had a distaste for restaurant that only offers taste and not fulfillment. So when it was a few days before X'mas and the few restaurant newsletter ever so "gently" reminded me that the New Year's Eve dinner is actually a big deal, I started soul searching for a restaurant that I always wanted to try but haven't had a chance to do so, my mind landed on Sbraga.
The place has the very same decor that the hipper restaurants in Philly and New York favors, walls lined with wood planks, the very urban wood cabin feel. Silver and black balloons filled up the ceiling for NYE, the place was packed with people. 
On New Year's Eve, they offered a 4-course champagne menu. While it is nice, it's 3-times more expensive with no selection whatsoever and I'm a light-weight drinker, and it was early and I like to choose, so we opted for the regular four-course menu.
I indulged in the rich and surprisingly sweet Foie Gras Soup. It's velvety, almost like a sabayon. For the second course, I had the Sea Bream which I recommend the dish wholeheartedly. The Sea Bream has a really crispy skin, the fish is well cooked. The same can be said about the piece of pork belly in the dish. I also love the squid ink sauce and the calamari "noodles". Love it. would eat it again, would even try to make it in my own kitchen. For the third course, I had the fettucine with the perfectly cooked 62 degrees egg. the egg is indeed perfectly cooked, but it's not much different from a pasta carbonara. Maybe even less, since the amount of pasta is little and the dish is recommended to be mixed up, the pasta to egg sauce ratio is a little out of whack. The whole dish is a little more "decomposed" than I like it to be. The churro/coffee creme brulee is a nice finish to the meal. 
I wish that the whole meal is more filling, but at the end it wasn't too bad. Me and my friend was debating whether we wanted a sandwich after the meal, but it was fine. Service was good, our server is charming even though he spilled some water. I had a Sbraga Punch which to me tasted very much like cough syrup and he had no problem switching it to the Bell Hop for me which was quite unique and pleasant. Being sat right next to the kitchen also has its perks, other than being right in Sbraga's face, occasionally you'll hear they yell "Service!" which it's almost like they're putting on a show for you before you hear it enough and you wonder whether they are having problems with their wait staff. The couple next to us were obviously not a Top Chef fan, since their waitress told them that she'll "relay their compliments to Kevin" and they were murmuring to themselves that they had no idea who Kevin was.
Will I go back? I would probably, if a friend hasn't been and suggest to go. Personally, I still like to have a meal that fills me up, especially if I have to pay almost $100 per person.Sbraga: good, but not great. I dined here on a Saturday evening and ordered the four course tasting menu with some friends. We were seated promptly and the service was great. I ordered the fried green tomatoes with smoked shortbreads and cumin aioli, sea bream with rustic bread salad and hummus, meatloaf with bacon marmalade and the chocolate mousse taste with pistachio ice cream. My first two courses were excellent. It was my first time eating shortbreads, and I was pleasantly surprised. The sea bream dish was light and very tasty. However, I felt things fell short with the meat course and the dessert. The texture of the meatloaf was too crumbly, and I think I prefer my meatloaf to be a little more solid. It also seems that they included olives in their bacon marmalade and the taste of the marmalade was just too vinegary for me. And as for the dessert, it was just ok. I was able to taste the other desserts my friends ordered, and I was not really impressed by them, either. Also of note, almost every dish that came out was liberally garnished with dill-not that I mind dill, but after the third course, that was a lot of dill. Overall, it was a good meal. But for $49 dollars, I don't know if I would necessarily come back.You would think when you have a prix fixe menu it would make it easier to choose what you want to eat - at Sbraga this is definitely not the case.  It is actually quite complex and involves solid negotiating and compromising skills with your fellow table-mates to ensure that you get a bite of everything you wanted to try!
For the first course I got the Foie Gras soup.  Unless you have some animal rights hang-up about it - you should get the soup.  It's probably the best soup I've ever had.  I also tried the pork belly.  It was just okay - almost like a pork belly carpaccio (in texture and thickness).  
The second course I had the calamari.  In my head I was thinking crispy calamari - just because that's the only calamari I've ever had.  These were large calamari with an almost scallop texture to them.  The salsa verde was good, but I wasn't a huge fan of the calamari itself.  Also tried the salmon which was good - not great.  
For the third course I had the meatloaf - it was excellent.  Perfectly tender and seasoned.  I also had some of the pasta someone got - it was also very good.
For dessert I had the pistachio bread putting which was a deconstructed dessert with the ingredients all separated on the plate.  It both looked stellar and was tasty.
Surprisingly - I felt full despite the rather small portions.  All in all there were some excellent dishes (get the soup I tell you!) - but there were also a couple 'so-so' dishes.  For $100 a head (after a couple drinks per person) and small portions, I would expect a bit more consistent excellence for 5 stars.My one sentence take: It's not the most delicious food you've ever had, but it may be the most interesting.
The only real options are a $45 four-course meal or a $65 chef tasting meal. While the four-course meal may not seem like much and the portions look small, the dishes are really rich. I have a big appetite and was actually pretty full at the end of everything. I would also say that the desserts are the only more traditional part of the menu, and they were excellent.
Sbraga serves some really interesting combinations of flavors, many of which I'd never even comprehended. Oysters with apple, jalepeno, and caviar; lamb chop with lamb belly and oatmeal; quail with sweetbreads; scallop and pork belly with watermelon and jalepeno; etc. There were no bad dishes that we tried, and I won't really recommend favorites (check that, the miso black cod was our semi-unanimous choice for best dish). What you order should mostly depend on your tastes and how adventurous you're feeling that night.
One disappointment was that the Singapore Sling was taken off the menu. I was really looking forward to trying it. Oh well.Good, but not extraordinary, and for a place that is taking the tasting menu prix fixe approach, ultimately disappointing for a $80+ pp meal.  The food ranged from very good to delicious, with the exception of the octopus 2nd plate, which had grainy sandlike particles that made me feel like I had sand in my mouth while eating it.  A shame too, because the harissa it was served with was excellent.  The first plate, a chicken liver mousse, was good, but not exceptional.  The lamb ragu rigatoni 3rd plate was the highlight of the meal, but it had more of a high level comfort food quality than a gastronomique appeal.  All that being said, the biggest failure of Sbraga is the rushed service.  For a place of this caliber (theoretically), I could not believe how fast we were pressured to order, and also how little time between courses there was to pause, have conversation and sip wine.  So, while the menu was creative and fairly well executed, the service and the banal decor leave something to be desired.  The price here is more reflective of the real estate location (Broad St right next to the Kimmel Center), than the experience.Let me preface this by saying I really had no idea who Kevin Sbraga was before this meal.  I knew he was on Top Chef, but to be honest, as much as I love restaurants and food, I just can't do cooking competition shows.  They are always on at like 10 pm and they just make me hungry and craving crazy foods late at night.  
However, I heard many good things about Sbraga and they were offering a Chef's Counter menu of "tailgate" foods.  So my husband and I ventured up Broad St to check it out.
Let me pause a minute and explain how Sbraga works.  So they offer a 4 course meal for $49 pp.  Each course has about 8-10 options to choose from.  However...
Monday through Thursday, at 6 pm sharp, they offer a Chef's Counter menu, which is a set menu with a specific theme and is served at a bar that overlooks the kitchen.  Think of it as a sort of dinner theater.  FYI- there is a maximum of 6 people allowed for this seating.  This option has six courses, as well as an amuse bouche for $75 pp.  A bit pricier than the regular menu, but you get to watch the chefs prepare your meal for you AND they explain each dish to you.  For you Top Chef fans, Chef Kevin explains some of the courses as well.  Super cool.  I felt like Padma that night (hey, I've SEEN the show, I just don't watch it regularly.  Cause it makes me hungry)
Upon arriving at 6 pm sharp, I noticed how classy and chic the interior is.  At 6:01, I realized how awesome their service is.  I was ready to give Sbraga 4 stars, but their service puts them over the edge.  They make their guests feel right at home.
So how was the food?  Here are the courses and my opinion of each:
Amuse:  Meatballs--- I make some pretty good meatballs, but these blow mine away.  I really liked the sauce- sweet and savory at the same time.
FIRST:  Hoagie Dip--- Hoagie Dip usually makes me a little quesy, but Sbraga's was a delightful fluff of deliciousness.  I could have eaten that all night.
SECOND:  Pepperoni and Beer Cheese Soup--- My favorite thing that we had that night.  A soup made of three things I love?  Yes please!!
THIRD:  Sloppy Jose--- Chef Kevin brings a latin flava to his sloppy joe by using shortrib and chorizo, and covering it in a spicy cole slaw.  Ole!
FOURTH:  Pork Gyro---  I love Greek food and this dish has a homemade tzatziki sauce that was awesome
FIFTH:  Buffalo Chicken--- Surprisingly, my least favorite meal.  The chicken was a little undercooked and the celery-apple-carrot salad missed the mark for me.
SIXTH:  Brownie Sundae--- I thought I couldn't fit anymore food in my stomach.. until this dish came out.  Brownie, covered with ice cream, bananas, strawberries. YUM!
Also, the bartender, who was an absolute doll, brought us over complimentary spiked hot chocolate with a dollop of white chocolate liquor whipped cream.  He mentioned that he made the cocoa in case someone did the beverage pairing, but since no one did, he just gave it to us (sans a bit of the liquor.. which was fine by me on a Tuesday night).  How's that for service?  They could have just thrown it in the trash! 
Overall, I loved the experience of watching the chefs work (worth the extra money) and while I wasn't blown away by the food, their service and ambiance convinved me to come back and try their regular menu sometime soon.Terrible small portions...drinks were good but the bartender told us to get an heirloom salad which literally had one heirloom...plus whatever else we got was so small...not a good choice if you're hungry...Dined on a busy saturday evening as a dinner before a concert.  As everyone else had commented before- the first courses- foie gras soup and pork belly dishes were excellent and full of flavor.  Second courses- octopus and sea bream also met expectations and were cooked to perfection.  One entree in particular, however was especially most disappointing after having had two preceding fabulous courses. 
The majority of the ROAST PORK entree was not edible.  Had we not been in a hurry to get to a concert I most definitely would have sent it back.  It was one rectangular supposed piece of roast pork, but as you cut into it there was no pork to be found.  Instead it was white cubes of pork fat with less than 0.5 cm of discernable pork meat.  Had the dish stated pork belly I would have had some understand, but the menu clearly stated it was a roast pork dish.  Where's the meat?  I was in disbelief that they could even serve such a dish which was 80% inedible unless you enjoy pure fat, then that's your dish.  Sadly I cannot recommend such an establishment based on this last course.Taking into account the decent food reputation of this restaurant, my friends and I were thoroughly excited for our saturday night reservations, but from the staff, service, to food, we were utterly disappointed.
Table: 
We were seated at a 4 seater table right next to the front door, host counter and bar, which not only kept getting blasted with cold air every 10 seconds, but guests were bumping into my friend's chair throughout the night, physically interrupting his meal, and staff using his chair as a hand rail as they brushed by our table. 
We noticed when we first walked in, that we would undoubtedly be seated at this table by the door, and when we asked the hostess if we could have another table and wait for it, we received an unapologetic response that they were booked solid and that is the table for us. As someone who works in a client service profession, the response should never be no, but what can I do to resolve this, even if it means agreeing to an unconventional solution to accommodate the customer/client's concern. 
Staff/Service: 
After being seated at our table, almost 15 mins went by without a single person coming by to greet us, take drinks orders or even apologize for the delay in service. It wasn't until the hostess noticed us looking around that she called someone over to take our drink orders. Our waiter, as apologetic as he was about the unfortunate table and staff, couldn't make up for the poor experience we had throughout the night. His comped prosecco and cheese plate service was appreciated but not everyone at my table enjoyed the prosecco so it was a bit of a wasted gesture. As my friend said, it would have been more helpful if he asked us first what he could do to improve our situation instead of attempting to resolve it in his own way, but we appreciated his gesture and concern, as he was the only staff that night that seemed keen on attempting to fix our broken experience.
Food: 
Expected to be blown away by the courses to make up for the bad table and service but each course was just decent, nothing truly exceptional, except for the key lime dessert. My friend even had the unfortunate incident of having something inedible on his surf & turf plate, but besides that, all the other courses were just fine. Had better tasting menus at lesser known restaurants, so again, based on their reputation, our meal experience did not live up to it.
Net, my friends and I felt that the restaurant was just trying to get things done haphazardly and crammed way too many tables and reservations in that Saturday night, without any real concern for providing excellent customer service. 
From the distracted, aloof staff, poor table placements to less than mind-blowing food, I would not recommend this place. If anything, just grab a seat by the bar or order the key lime dessert as take out if you can.Can only say good things about this place.
We dined here twice, both times during a seasonal menu tasting at the counter.  The food is excellent, I've opted for the beer list on my visits while my wife has tried (and loved) the wine pairings.
We don't get out a ton and like to try new places but I'm positive we will keep returning here.  Also looking forward to Kevin's new place The Fat Ham.One of the best dinner experiences we had in a long time. I took my wife to celebrate her birthday. The food was top notch. We did the 4 course meal. For the amount of food and especially the quality, you can't beat the price. I loved the ambiance and would definitely recommend for someone looking for a nice dinner downtown.At $45, the prix fixe option is totally worth it. The foie gras soup is not to be missed. Service was attentive but not intrusive. Make a reservation before you go.My husband, daughter, and I dined at Sbraga tonight, excited to try Top Chef winner Kevin Sbraga's fare. We're all educated foodies and 2 of 3 of us like aggressively seasoned food. From our reservation through receiving our check, the service was outstanding, attentive without being overbearing, and our server displayed absolutely expert knowledge of the menu and the beverage pairings. The restaurant is modern, without being minimalist, and quite noisy.The kitchen is open and there are several seats at a bar, so the diners can watch the cooks as they create the dishes. Dinner is a pre fixe menu of four courses each with 4 or 5 choices for $55 per person with beverage pairings with each course for an additional $50. For the 3rd course, there was an option of a roasted pork dish for 2 which could be substituted for the 3rd course for a $40 supplement. Two of us had the beverage pairings (my husband was the unlucky designated driver who didn't).
We each ordered a different choice for each of the first 3 courses, and the 9 dishes were creative but wildly variable in execution with some flashes of brilliance, a couple of solid courses, and too many  misses for the price of the meal. Before the first course, we all received a gruyere gougere that was piping hot and delicious with the dill butter that accompanied the dish. We then received a small serving of the chef's signature dish, fois gras soup, which was, unfortunately, only lukewarm and garnished with a tiny dice of shallot and rye crouton. I believe that it would have been much better if had been served warmer which would have allowed the full flavor of the fois gras to shine. Served room temperature, it was somewhat bland with a very peppery finish.  For the first course, I had the eggplant terrine with geleed tomato and goat cheese, shaved cucumber, and green garbanzo beans that all of the table agreed was absolutely delightful. It was light and refreshing, perfectly seasoned and the wine paired with the dish was perfect. My daughter had the beef filet tartar with a cute presentation in a flat mason jar. It consisted of finely diced filet in a cream based sauce at the bottom of the jar covered with a Worcestershire sauce gel and accompanied by crostini. The gel was heavily salted, and my daughter ended up scraping it off, only eating the beef. Because the meat was in a cream base, it was overly rich and she ended up not eating much of it. The lambrusco that accompanied her dish was delicious. My husband had the Caesar salad with romaine which came heavily coated in Caesar dressing topped with fennel tempura. The dressing spoiled the dish; it was fishy and pure salt. My hubby thought the small pieces of fennel tempura were light and crispy, and the only part of the dish that he could eat. 
The second course was a home run all round. My agnolotti consisted with goat cheese filled pasta with an intense crawfish flavored sauce, several crawfish tails, garnished with sautéed sea beans. If I could have licked the bottom of the bowl, I would have. My daughter utterly enjoyed the bucatini with crabmeat in a moderately spicy tomato chili sauce, and my husband savored the barley risotto with small bits of charred mushroom, fava beans, and rabbit, which was surprisingly dried and hard, more like bacon. He was happy with the flavors and thought the seasoning was spot on. The entrée (3rd) course was, sadly, more miss than hit. My course, the brook trout sautéed until the skin was crisp, topped with chopped hazelnuts, and accompanied by spots of romescu sauce and haricot verts, was, by consensus, the best of the group. It was perfectly seasoned, light, and the trout was perfectly cooked. My daughter ordered the game hen which was served deep fried in a very spicy curry glaze. It wasn't too spicy, it was plainly too salty to be eaten. Even with removing the crust, the underlying meat was salty. My husband ordered the lamb, which was described by the server as being cooked well-done like a brisket, and it was well-done to the point of being overdone and inedible. It was served with a large hunk of grilled trumpet mushroom, and roasted potatoes, all mixed in an intensely salty, overly rich, inedible sauce. After 3 bites, he could not eat any more. Sadly, he was then overwhelmed by the strong aroma of the curry glaze on my daughter's game hen and had to turn his head away from her.
For dessert, my daughter ordered with coffee cake with white chocolate ice cream accompanied by a bourbon/coffee beverage, both which she enjoyed. My husband and I both had the hot fudge sundae which was two small scoops of vanilla ice cream with pieces of pizelle and strawberry rhubarb compote drizzled with hot fudge. The rhubarb was not cooked, but rather in small raw pieces, a tartness I didn't believe belonged in the dish but wasn't offended by, but my husband did not like at all and felt spoiled the dessert.
Please lay off the salt in the food.My wife and I really enjoyed our dinner at Sbraga.  Thought the tasting menu was reasonably priced and it led me to try a few things I would not have otherwise.  The highlights for me were the Foie Gras soup (absolutely terrific) and the Brook Trout.  Probably the best fish dish I've had in quite a while, great flavor.  
The service is very professional, your next dish comes out promptly after you've finished your previous dish (each time w/ a different server, not sure what the reasoning for that is).  
One thing to note is that the tables for two by the windows on Pine are very tightly packed (you have to move your table for the person near the window to get out of their seat). We're pretty oblivious, but if you're easily distracted by the conversations of others, its hard to avoid it. 
But overall, just a great meal. Highly recommended.A 'safe choice' for foodies and dates. Went here for a smaller celebratory dinner date to do the tasting on a Thursday night. 
Pretty nice atmosphere, and we had a great time for dinner. I don't remember being too crazy-impressed with the food, but like I said, a 'safe' choice. Surprisingly, the food that sticks out to me the most was the foie gras soup. Despite not being the hugest foie-gras fan, I must say that it was delicious! 
Price-wise, very decent for the tasting menu. I guess I was expecting a bit more (food-wise), but it was overall a nice experience.Foie Gras Soup.  YUM.  Pretty much everything on the menu is spicy and I enjoyed all of the courses.Sbraga has been on my to-try list for quite a while, and I finally made it here for an early Tuesday dinner with two other friends after, to my frustration, having to postpone dinner twice. I had no problems making an Opentable reservation a week in advance for 5:30pm, and when we walked in, only a few other tables were occupied.
The three of us ordered completely different dishes, specifically for the purpose of being able to try bites of everyone else's. The following is some random commentary on the dishes I tried:
FIRST COURSE
- Foie gras soup - I'll admit that I originally had some qualms about ordering this since I'm not a huge fan of foie gras, but this ended up being my favorite dish! It was  creamy like a bisque, and mildly sweet with a kick of spice, like Thai curry.
- Shrimp scampi soup - Also creamy and delicious. It tasted like lobster bisque.
- Pork belly - Came thinly sliced, which I was not expecting at all, and kind of resembled prosciutto. It was less fatty than usual pork belly, which I liked.
SECOND COURSE
- Octopus - Good, but really spicy! (The waiter said it was a 6/10 on spiciness, which is apparently the upper limit of my spiciness tolerance). It also came with string beans and crunchy chickpeas.
- Sea bream - My friend was unimpressed with both the sea bream and the pork belly that came with it. The calamari looked like flat noodles. Overall, mediocre.
- Charred eggplant - I only tried a bit of the eggplant, which was... just eggplant. (To be fair, I didn't try any of the other things on the plate.)
THIRD COURSE
- Pappardelle - Good, but it was a struggle to finish this because I was so full by this point. The pappardelle came topped with bread crumbs and bits of rabbit mixed in. The rabbit tasted surprisingly like chicken.
- Tennessee fried chicken - My first thought when the waiter served the dish: WOW this dish is so much bigger than the rest of ours - three drumsticks served on bread and coleslaw. The chicken itself was really juicy, but my friend thought it was under-seasoned.
DESSERT
- Banana split - Little piles of pineapple sorbet, whipped cream, bananas and strawberries, sprinkled with other berries. Pretty good, other than the rum (or some other kind of hard liquor) soaked cherries, which were way too strong.
- "Lemon meringue tart" - The name is in quotes because it's actually a deconstructed lemon meringue tart! The meringue was yummy.
- Praline Napoleon - Good, but the accompanying coffee ice cream was quite strong.
Overall, all the dishes were beautifully presented, but my favorites, hands-down, were both the foie gras soup and shrimp scampi soup. Service was average, and the ambiance of the restaurant was quite nice - clean wooden interior with fresh flowers on the table.We were in Center City today for PIFA and decided to get some hot fried chicken from this place. You get 4 pieces of fried chicken and some ranch dressing. It was DELICIOUS..... The price was 5 bucks and you cannot beat that. Now I want to come for dinner to this wonderful restaurant on Broad Street.Wonderful food and EXCELLENT service!  More often it is a miss when a state-side restaurant has a prix fixe menu. 
Sbraga had unique choices for every course.  it was actually difficult to narrow it down since i really wanted one of each. My husband and I lucked out and sat at the chef's counter and watched them bring out plates upon plates of beautiful entrees. It's not a large restaurant - it would be great place for a date-night or medium size party.Although I give Sbraga 3 stars, I will never come back here due to the extremely small portions of food. Like another person commented, I actually left hungry after the 4 course, $45 prix fixe meal. Fortunately it was an expense account meal.
This might be a place to come if you are trying to impress "foodies" but if you really love to eat I suggest either going elsewhere (like Amis) or make sure you are not really hungry at dinnertime. For example, the scallop/pork belly dish consisted of a single scallop, a 1 by 2 inch piece of pork belly, and 2 tiny watermelon squares.  The flavor and presentation of this dish was incredible, but after tasting it I wanted more. I wish I could have ordered 3 of these.
So- while the food is awesome, I just can't recommend Sbraga.Truly phenomenal!  We were at Sbraga on Saturday night celebrating our first wedding anniversary. When we were seated there was a card on the table signed by Chef Sbraga wishing us a happy anniversary, and our excellent server Carmen opened a bottle of champagne and poured us complimentary glasses. We felt so special and well cared for before we'd even ordered a thing!  We loved the wine pairing -- the selections were interesting and elevated each course. Every bite we took was delicious, but our favorites were the foie gras soup, escargot, rabbit bolognese, lobster & potato gnocchi (well worth the supplement $), black bass in miso, and very well-appointed cheese slate.  One of the most wonderful dining experiences we've ever had in Philly.  Incredible experience and value for the price.  Carmen even brought us a take home bag with the menu from the evening and some extra goodies!  We can't wait to return!Went within the first week, totally anticipate 3 stars to go up and not down, but frankly they are not there yet.
Definite mis-steps in service, culminating in sitting at the table for 15 minutes with no menu and no water (even though three lovely people asked our water preference, it was tap every time) 
When we did get the menu, we found out we were to order 4 courses, with 6 choices between each. We all shared so I had a good chance to taste a lot of things, heres the rundown
foie gras soup- good flavor overall but random bites of spices were way too overpowering
sweetbreads- one of my favorite bites of the night, cooked perfectly
some weird caesar thing- please take it off the menu
eggplant terrine- I enjoyed this more than others at the table
Black cod- not my favorite from the fish course, I thought my fish was overcooked and rather bland
Clams and orrechiette- best fish course in my opinion, get this!
(i also liked the ravioli w'anchovie fish course)
Lamb Belly- which is not lamb belly at all, but lamb breast, was a good dish was the sesame granola not only killed it for me, but killed my teeth as well
Squab- unbelievably cooked, tough protein to cook and they did it with skill, best meat course dish of the night
meatloaf-very very ehhhh
i loved my dessert!! I finally got one right with the desert course, the apple mille fuille with caramel sorbet was awesome, best dessert on the table even with the iron chef winning panna cotta
like I said, this place will get better but it is not there yet, in my humble opinionThey have great 4 course meal for $55. What a amazing deal. And absolutely delicious. 
I was very happy to receive warm and crispy pop over and foie gras soup. I wasn't feeling for pop over so didn't have it but my hubby said it was so good and he  finished it. And he is not a bread person. 
Their welcome dishes are even impressive. 
The soup was.... amazing. So creamy and so savory. Can't get enough. Wish they have that for their regular menu. I will totally get it. 
I got hamachi, lamb pasta appetizer, striped bass and cheese plate. 
 3 decent sized pieces of hamachi accompanied with jalapeño. It was so good, I forgot to take  photo. 
Lamb pasta was delicious and rich with sauce. But I switched to my hubby's dish- saffron pasta with crab meat. I liked his dish better. 
Bass was cooked so moist and delicious. Very very satisfied. 
I was very happy to see cheese plate w/o extra charge. Nice touch! They gave me 3 piece with candid walnut and fig. I enjoyed sheep milk cheese the most.Husband and I really enjoyed coming here. It's a great setting and the value for money for a tasting menu is incredible. We were on a long weekend from NYC - where it's hard to imagine tasting menu for $55. We were also pleasantly surprised that we managed to snag a booking day of as well.
When we arrived it was super busy, to the extent that it was hard to get in the door. Our booking was for 8.30 - and we didn't get seated until 8.50, which is always annoying. We had a word with the manager, and got a free cocktail each for our trouble. 
The service was great, friendly head waiter Carmen really guided us through the menu - and also provided some great recommendations for where was fun to go out after dinner - thanks Carmen!
So to the food: Although it's billed as four courses there are a few extra amuse bouches that mean it's more like a 6 course. I started with a fois gras soup, which was rich and delicious, followed by garlic and hazelnut snails. I'd never tried snails before, so in the interests of trying something new I ordered them, and was not disappointed.  Next: crispy rabbit salad, which was gamey with a pleasing crunch. Arctic char in a saffron broth was next - fragrant and delicate, and worked well with the celery, a combination that I'd never have thought would work but it did.
Then for pudding, we shared the panacotta, chocolate tort and the jewish apple cake?
Why three deserts when there were two of us you ask? An extra apology for the wait which was very appreciated - and more than made up for the delay. All three were delicious.
So which great service and great food - why only 4 stars? There was only one vegetarian option for the main course - BBQ Parsnip salad, that as a vegetarian my other half ordered. It was fine, but not nearly as subtle as my courses and it could have been better. Meat or fish eaters will be perfectly happy, but this veggie dish felt a bit like an after thought, so the need for a more vegetarian offerings loses this place a star. If I could knock off half a star, I would  - 4 and a half stars would be a fairer score. But for us Spraga was a near perfect dining experience. We'd certainly go back when we're next in the city.The food pairings were to die for! Without the beverage pairing, I'm.not sure if I would have enjoyed it as much, but that may seem bias because I enjoyed how the tastes were all brought together. I came here with my boyfriend for his birthday and had asked for anything special in the reservation, but they didn't acknowledge it at all during the meal...but the table next to me got surprises for her boyfriend's birthday.... Regardless, our server, Megan was attentive, extremely knowledgable about the menu and genuine. We will be back. :)Great food ,great service  ,!! I love French food!!!! The wine was also very good i whent there with my friends  from here and we have a very good timeGot here around 6:30 pm and was surprised to see the place was almost empty. Filled up within an hour or so of being there though. 
Atmosphere- formal without being intimidating. Neat and simple. No frills to the ambiance here, but it works! 
Wait Staff - warm and attentive. 
Overall the food, ambiance, and service was good. Nothing was out of this world though!If you like "fast" food you'll love this place... 
The food and drinks (we did the pairing menu) were great, with the exception of the pork which was extremely salty. I would have offered four stars for that. Instead I'm giving Sbraga a grudging 2 stars, because the the overall service was so rushed it basically ruined the meal.
Plates and wines were delivered and snatched away within moments of one another, and we spent the meal with one of the servers watching us eat, and checking her watch. No joke. At one point a server asked mid bite how I was doing and peered over to see if my plate could be removed.  If they could have dispatched us in 30 minutes they would have. Instead we held on for a bitter hour.
By dessert we had become so uncomfortable being "timed" that we simply offered up to our server that we could move so they could seat a larger group (obviously part of their goal in shooing us along).  Why one of the clock-watching staff could not have taken the initiative and politely suggested this, perhaps seating us at the counter with a complimentary drink for the hassle, I'm not sure. We are reasonable people and understand that Friday is an important night for the restaurant business, if someone had politely asked we would have been more than understanding. Instead we left feeling like we'd had our pockets picked.
Overall a very disappointing experience which truly could have been avoided while still accomplishing the restaurants goal.We were really looking forward to the menu and were disappointed. The restaurant is very loud. Our server was forgetful. We waited 45 minutes between courses and our food was cold. The wrong desserts came out but then our server gave them to us complimentary in addition to ours choices. The dessert was good but everything else was forgettable.We went last night for my daughter's birthday. There was a card from the chef and team wishing her a happy birthday at her seat.The food was amazing-the flavors were intense and complex, and beautifully presented. I did not have the foi gras soup as I don't eat meat, and they had a wonderful carrot soup for me instead. The pace of dinner was perfect-not too fast and not too slow. The service was impeccable. The portions seem small, but by the time you have the popover, soup, and all four courses, we were comfortably full but not stuffed. Right before dessert, they brought us a bottle of champagne at no charge so we could celebrate our daughter's birthday-a very nice touch. My only con would be that we were a little too close to the next table.We enjoyed a great meal at sbraga last night.  The bread and soup to open the meal were amazing.  We also loved the lobster gnocchi and the char entree.   The surf and turf and dessert were probably not our favorites.  We will go back for sure.  The staff and overall look and feel of the place were awesome as wellVery good.  Food is not as refined as a top NYC place and a person could claim some dishes (ie: rabbit pot pie) fall short conceptually or that the wine pairings aren't that interesting, but....
For the price the kitchen puts out some great food. Though it sounds gimmicky, the foie gras soup is a must, as well as the Kentucky Fried Lobster.   Either of these is surprisingly worth the price of admission.  A big bonus is that the service staff.  All professionally trained and genuinely work to make customers happy.  For example, during our dinner the manager brought over  a brisket sample because we mentioned it sounded good.  
A great place that won't break the bank, like some other Philly restauranteurs are trying to do....;-)Big fan of top chef, and this is actually the first restaurant of one of the contestants that I've visited.  My fiance and I made reservations to celebrate my birthday here.
It was a really fun time.  I'm pretty new to multiple-course easing (beyond appetzier and dessert) and this was a great place to give it a try.  
I enjoyed each course, but the highlight of the night was definitely my fiance's dessert!  He chose the pana cotta crumbly deliciousness.  Totally jealous I didn't order it.
A cool place, a crowded place serving good food that strikes a nice balance between familiar and fancy.favorite restaurant in philadelphia.  hands down.  attention to detail is amazing.  innovative menu.  good value, good staff.  seasonal.  fresh.  pleases all the senses.  approachable.  accessible.  great place to entertain.  basically everything you want in a restaurant.- Foie Gras Soup--a tad salty but layers and layers of surprising flavor from bits of herbs, onions, fruit, etc.
- Black Cod had a little bit too much miso glaze on it and the kimchi (that's been marinated in sugar and vinegar I believe) was a bit too overpowering for me.  i love the flavors but everything together was a bit intense and i wanted a bowl of rice on the side!
- Arctic Char was recommended to us but thought it was just an ok dish
- The now famous Gruyere Bread is obviously a favorite amongst most and i did enjoy it very much; light and fluffy on the outside and cheesy and substantive on the inside
- (don't know if i was just full but...) the Meatloaf was over vinegar-ed (it was slathered in extremely overpowering sauce) altho the presentation was gorgeous.  the topping was way too much, unfortunately
- Lamb was perfectly cooked and this was my first time trying lamb belly, it was delicious but be prepared for how fatty it is!
- I'm usually not a fan of Napoleons/Mille-Feuille but it was really light and delicious with honey (and very sour balls of apple, but there were def too many of those)
- Surprisingly, there are very poor descriptions on the menu, esp for a set menu where you want to know what you're choosing between, altho the wait staff makes up for it i guess (for example, if you have cranberries in your panna cotta, i think you should include that in the description b/c that changes the flavor profile significantly)
- Coffee is from elixr on 15th st and they make it for you by drip in-house--they claim the beans have been roasted just 2 days prior to brewing them.  the key is the temperature of the water and ours was too hot and it burnt the grounds
- The service is really impeccable here but they're def on a slower time table than most restaurants so expect the 4-course dinner to take about 2.5 hours
- Hot Chocolate Mousse was good, nothing to write home about tho!
- BUT after all is said and done, overall the 4-course prix fixe is a STEAL for $45.A couple of bright moments, but overall was trying way too hard and experienced one unexcuseable miserable failure.  
First the failure. I didn't know it was possible to make a tough and tasteless short rib.  Best I could tell the kitchen treated it like a filet mignon instead of the polar opposite.  Seemed to have been seared, roasted and sliced, so it was pink in the middle, not a good thing for a short rib.  The cod on the other hand  was the bright moment, it was flaky and tasty.
The trying too hard was somewhere between funny and annoying. While  our waiter was attentive and did his basic job well, his descriptions of the food were mostly superfluous since the menu went into more then enough detail.  My guess is he was trained to perform the kind of food descriptions you'd expect on Top Chef, which is not what  I'm hoping for at a restaurant.  There I want information from the wait staff and when it comes to the subjectivity and superlatives, I want the food to speak for itself, especially so when the food does not live up to the scripted superlatives.I came here for my birthday and probably wouldn't come back here until the following birthday just cause of the prices. But it's so worth it. 
My boyfriend and I each ordered the 7 course tasting menu because why the hell not. The timing and portions of the meal culminated perfectly from 'ehhh not that full' to 'getting there' to 'just right.' I usually leave chef tasting menus feeling like I'm with child and lethargic, so to feel completely full and satisfied without discomfort was a wonderful treat. And they give you enough time to digest in between each dish, which is rare.  The meal did take up to two hours.
Overall, each dish (minus one) was executed flawlessly, was delicate and flavorful, made sense with every single spice and texture on the dish, and opened my mind to the variety of ways you can prepare a dish.
Favorites (in layman's terms): escargot in butter bowl, crab over snake-like pasta with red sauce, duck (or rabbit) thick pasta in white sauce, squid ink mystery appetizer thing, sea bass with celery decoration, apple cake with whiskey sauce and apple chips that looked like bananas but were, in fact, not. My fizzy sangria, though it was a little weak. And of course, the warm truffle oil bread that looks like a muffin, like holy crap, amiright?
Not digging: the "surf and turf" pork and octupus over heavily perfumey lentils/rice with too many peppercorns. And the worst of all (personal preference), the chicken liver mousse, served with papaya chunks and a peanut sauce. I actually had to switch that dish for the squid ink one. It was so unpalatable and the texture and taste felt wrong on so many levels. But if you're into carcass squeezed into a paste with a watery sauce then this is for you.
Decor is awesome. Diagon Alley exposed staggered brick in the bathroom, so that's cool.
Dropped it down a star for the weak drink, permanent bad taste of chicken liver mousse embedded in my brain, and the whispering, Prince-like way the servers introduced the dishes.Tried the tasting menu with 4 course meal, and it was pretty good! price is right for what you get.  Love the pastas, chicken liver, harissa and coffee cake. Wine selection is great. I think that the ambiance is very warm, love the open kitchen and dim lights.
Will come back!Went here for my 26th birthday and it was hands down the best meal I've ever had in Philly. Worth the money! The game hen?! Outta this world delicious.I was really looking forward to eating here and left fairly disappointed. Went with my cousin & his partner and did the the '4 courses for $45' menu option on a weeknight last week.  As expected, it was packed.
Besides the foie gras soup, there really wasn't a 'standout dish' which any of us ordered.  I had a sip of the foie gras soup.  Interesting initial taste with a subtle taste of the foie gras &  one of the better finishes to a soup I have tasted in quite a long time.  
What was disappointing was that so many of the dishes were underwhelming or even disappointing.  The claims with oriecchiette & fennel that I ordered had clams that were quite gritty.  Simply hadn't been cleaned sufficiently.  I wouldn't mind that if I ordered a bowl of steamers at a seafood place that had a few sandy clams.  Not a dish where you have several small neck clams where every one but one was gritty/semi-gritty.   
Chicken with brussel sprouts & sweet potatoes (overcooked and not well flavored), mascarpone with coffee granita & chocolate (too dry),  and lamb belly (again overlooked) were also underwhelming/disappointing.  
Seems like they are almost trying too hard at this point & working out the kinks especially in the kitchen.  Wouldn't be surprised if they won't have things working a bit better in the kitchen in another month or so. 
Wait staff was very professional and attentive.  Surprised though that our waiter recommended a bunch of the underwhelming dishes including the claims & oriecchiette.  
I also liked the layout & design.  It was loud but not overwhelmingly so.  Easy to hear dinner conservation at routine sounds levels.  It was nice not to have to yell or literally get right in the face of the person you wanted to speak with.  
If you want to try this restaurant, I would hold off a bit until they potentially work out of the kinks.  Maybe try it after Thanksgiving in early December.Let me say that right after dinner, I was going to give this place five stars... Now as I think back to dinner, there were a few things I would have liked to be different.  Let's call this 4.5 stars.
Our reservation was at 9:15, but the people at our table were taking their sweet time in leaving, so we had a drink at the bar -- the bartender was so much fun!  I normally just have gin & soda or a martini, but the cocktail menu was inviting -- not too much crap in the drinks, nothing sweet -- so I got the thing with gin and aperol.  It was really refreshing, but - as a guy - I was a little embarrassed by the rose petals on the top.
Anyway, we sat down around 9:30.  We didn't experience any of the service problems mentioned by other reviewers (and LaBan), but it was also later on in the evening, so who knows.  In any event, our servers were prompt, friendly, and knowledgeable.  I was a little annoyed, though, that no one came around with a crumb scraper.
So, the menu: prix fixe four courses, with five or six choices per course for $45 (+$30 for wine pairing), or prix fixe six course chef's tasting for $65 (+something for wine pairing).  The six courses that day were fish heavy, and didn't suit everyone at the table, so we didn't go for that.
I started with the (legendary?) foie gras soup -- it was great!  Creamy, but not heavy, with subtle flavors of the foie gras, lemongrass, and a little heat from chili peppers.  The soup was well paired with a sparkling rosé.
For the fish course, I had the black cod with miso glaze and kimchee.  The fish was perfectly seasoned and cooked, and the addition of apple slices to the kimchee was amazing.  The fish was paired with a Falanghina, which was ok, but didn't do it for me.
The meat course I chose was the lamb chop.  The chop was beautifully cooked, and was tender, juicy, and extremely flavorful.  This was paired with oatmeal (which the server addressed, and assured me it was cooked with lamb stock and tasted like a risotto) and pork belly.  Neither the oatmeal nor the pork belly had ANY flavor.  The consistency of the oatmeal did add something, but otherwise, I think the lamb could have been paired with something better.  I don't remember the wine this dish was paired with, but I remember it being just ok.
I had the mascarpone with coffee granita for dessert -- it was good, and was paired with a nice port.  I tasted someone else's hot chocolate mousse, though, and was really jealous.  The mousse was phenomenal, and I highly recommend it.
All in all, I highly recommend this place, and will definitely be back.  I think next time, though, I will choose my own wine.Very creative food with perfect portion sizes.
For once I didn't feel like I was going to explode from over eating.
Great cocktail program.
Service was top notch with a nod towards comfort. (A very nice blend you don't see too often).
Will surely be back!Sbraga was amazing. it was everything I wanted it to be. obviously if you're going here you're ok with spending some serious money on the tasting menu- and it's worth every penny.
I had the beets, the octopus, the pork and then the dirt w/ worms for dessert. YUM. 
My party sat at the counter so we could see everything being made and talk with the cooks- which was added fun. 
the beets were delicious, they have slices of makerel on top w/ radish. very flavorful and delicious.
the octopus was grilled and spicy- cool texture, but overall very light. 
the pork was to die for. seriously, it was so good I can still taste it if I think about it a week later. 
the dessert choices were the only things that seemed a little off to me. I had dirt and worms- which is basically mouse and cookie crumbles, so it all turned out ok in the end. but the choices weren't that extensive. my sister had apple crumble which was also delicious, but she commented that it would have been better warmed up. 
I would definitely recommend Sbraga- it's a great place with a great concept.We visited Sbraga last week. We waited at the bar while everyone else was arriving. The bartender was very knowledgeable and was helpful in making a delicious beverage selection. It was a great start to a wonderful dinner.
I did not know before I got to Sbraga that it was price fixed only (unless it was just the night I was there). The price seamed fairly reasonable for 4 courses but I wish I was able to give the rest of the guest a heads up before the dinner.
I had the Pork Belly to start which was recommended by our waitress. The dish was delicious and just a bit spicy. I loved everything about the octopus dish. I could have eaten two portions. The octopus was tender and had a kick. For a main dish I got the meatloaf which the waitress said the restaurant was known for. It was good but probably my least favorite thing of the night. My dessert was the Dirt Pudding. I couldn't resist homemade gummy worms. They were very citrusy and some of the best gummy worms I have had. I really enjoyed the portion sizes of each dish. By the end of the meal I was completely satisfied and not over stuffed.(2.5 Stars) Photos: http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10150353153361676&set=a.10150311275426676.332342.727646675&type=3&theater
I felt so conflicted after the meal. I walked out of Sbraga knowing full well that it has the potential to join the ranks of the great restaurants in Philadelphia, but it is just not there yet. I have to say though, considering that it is barely a few weeks old, it did well and i expect ratings for this place only to go up.
I went to Sbraga with a group of friends with great expectations despite the place being new. We wanted to try as many dishes as possible and since the tasting menu only starts the next week, we ordered as much dishes as the table can take and did it family style so I can do this review.
Service: The biggest letdown. The inexperience of the service is apparent despite their willingness. Service is frustratingly slow at the start (10 minutes to get water. 20 minutes to prepare my cocktail which came too late to be even called an apertif anymore), but improves as the courses arrive.
First Course:
Sweetbreads - decently good, like the idea of fleur de sel on top of it and the capers to go along
Blue Crab - nice and creamy, but still reeks of the "crabby" smell
Foie Gras Soup - I would say its an awesome soup if it was't called lemongrass cream soup. the lemongrass and other spices were so overpowering it killed the dish. nothing else makes sense afterwards. respect your ingredients please. modern cuisine for modernity sake is not the way to go.
Second Course:
Fish and Chips - nice take on the classic F&C, enjoyed it
Artic Char - I adored this dish despite my other companions calling it "just a salmon." balance of the cream and the fish is great.
Labne Ravioli - I couldnt understand this dish. Anchovies brought did not give the intended effect as the "fishiness" was too strong. tone it down and it would be great
Lobster Tail - executed to perfection. curry goes perfect with it as a complement. dump the dumpling and it would have been one of the best lobster dishes i ever had.
Third Course:
Lamb Belly - too much granola, other than that, its pretty amazing
Meatloaf - its great, i may be insulting it but it reminds me of Ikea meatballs when the sweet cuts the savory in the perfect balance.
Duck - average. really.
Top Sirloin - hands down worse dish of the night. soggy marrow crust, unevenly cooked. overdone top and medium bottom when i requested for medium rare. worst of all: IT WAS DRY. only dish i did not want to eat after a bite.
Desserts:
Singapore Sling - its disgraceful but im a Singaporean who hasnt tasted the Singapore Sling cocktail. its pretty good but needs to scale down on the lemongrass again.
Chocolate, Mascarpone - awesome richness and creaminess. choux provided the perfect textural contrast.
Apple Mille-Feuille - average at best despite the good creme chantilly
Pineapple Financier - a must order. pineapple crisp was so awesome.
Cheese Plate - brie was good but im just not a fan.
After my meal, I sent a pretty pointed email to the restaurant about my honest opinions and I appreciated that Chef Kevin took the effort to personally look into it. I hope this restaurant do shape up because i can really see its potential for greatness. I wish them all the best.Being a major Top Chef fan, I really wanted to fall in love.  With this place.  This is an expensive restaurant and the food was creative, so upon sitting down, you really do expect the best Philadelphia has to offer.  I could go into detail about what I ate, but it wouldn't change my overall impression.  There were two major things that led to my 3 star rating.
The odor.  I was put off by the overwhelming pork/bacon/sausage smell.  I realize these items are on the menu, but so too are they at 99% of restaurants, and most places don't have that overwhelming odor.
The crowded tables.  We were seated literally one foot away from the next couple.  They were on their first date.  It sounded like they met online  It was impossible to ignore all the first date things they were talking about - past boyfriends/girlfriends, how rudely they were treated by said past boyfriend/girlfriend, how past boyfriend/girlfriend begged them to come back, etc. etc. etc.  This really interfered with my husband and me having a normal conversation because newbie daters were right in our faces.  I told my husband "Tell me I'll never have to be out there again."Every thing was heavy and overly salted. I had only one night in phily and regret wasting my time and money here. Octopus probably was the worst ku treated! Soaked in oil and salt! I can not recommend this restaurant!Girls night out in Philly brought us to Sbraga. We arrived early for our 7pm reservation and were seated right away. We started with cocktails which were lovely. The popover and foie gras soup was such a great start. The soup was just the right amount  (though honestly I wanted more...) and had such a velvety texture. I loved the way the flavor built the more you tasted. Really great! The three of us all ordered different items and no one was disappointed. Standouts included the capicola mousse, the fettuccine with rabbit, the rigatoni with pork shoulder, the salmon and the Bavarian dessert. Our server was just attentive enough - there when she was needed but not overwhelming. We never felt rushed or crowded and even when the place was full it didn't feel overwhelmingly loud or cramped. I would happily return if I find myself looking for a fine dining experience in Philly again!We came back to Philly for a visit and Sbraga seemed to be the place for our 1 year anniversary.  I could sum it up in 3 words: too much salt.  The excellent service, especially from a very caring manager and the delectable desert saved the night for us.
- Foie Gras Soup:  the crunchy veg was refreshing.  However, the soup was dominated by lemongrass and saltiness so it should have been named creamy lemongrass soup.  What a waste of foie gras! 2 stars
- Wagyu Beef Carpaccio: thinly slice beef and fresh veg is a great combination then all that works are thrown away by the dstraction of chunks of salty crunch.  No balance, 1/2 stars.
- Escargots: the garlicky sauce is very nice, but again, the salt was a bit much.  However we did enjoy this dish.  Almost balanced, 3 1/2 stars.
- Wild mushroom & Sunflower seeds risotto: creamy sauce was great, but then the crunch, not cool! We could not finish it.  2 stars.  
- Blue Crab Bucatini: what a delightful dish, the pasta and the sauce were meant for each other and seasoned to perfection. 5 stars
- Veal Shoulder: amazing, the meat is perfectly cooked and paired with very fitting vegs: sauteed mustard green, cranberry and yam. 5 Stars
- Golden Tile Fish: amazing texture texture from the fish (this wonder fish presented itself).  However, we weren't too crazy about the pickled veg.  They were more of a distraction than a compliment.  3 stars.
- Pear tarts: Great dish, it wasn't overwhelmingly sweet, 4 stars.
- Malted Semifreddo: AMAZING! 5 Stars +++Def recommend this upbeat modern restaurant. Room fills up quickly so it is a must "make reservations" kind of establishment. Not only is the bar amazing but the kitchen staff work in a line of 6 or 7 (unlike I have ever seen) to put out this amazing and well thought out product. The ambiance is modern yet exuberant. My girlfriend and I had 4 courses and drinks. We probably spent over 2 hours there and watched 5 tables turn before we left. The staff is just like clientele base (young/modern, diverse, informative, and excited) while making you feel very welcome at the same time. Chef Sbraga is showing a great example of how to run a restaurant and how to keep consistency. He's made a great name for our school #jwuExcellent dinner, amazing ambiance.  You choose a four course dinner from about five options, all of which looked fascinating.  The chefs do an amazing job of blending and melding flavors and textures such that the bite evolved in your mouth as you eat it.  I've never had liver before (other than foie) but the chicken liver mousse was rich and flavorful and combined with enough sweet from the grapefruit and pickled papaya to create an amazing dish.  The other dishes were likewise creative and challenging without sacrificing flavor for flair.  Highly recommended.I wish I wrote down everything we ate here. We did a fixed menu for a group and everything was tasty. The wine list is also interesting. It was a bit noisy to have a conversation, but not impossible.While I really wanted to like this (love Top Chef, live nearby), I have to say I just wasn't that impressed, especially for the money you spend.  The space for the restaurant is beautiful so I enjoyed the atmosphere but there was really nothing on the menu that either myself or my date really loved.  I had the shrimp bisque which was just...ok.  I had the octopus for the second course.  I did like this dish but it felt just a tad over salted.  For the last course, I had cauliflower, sweet potato fritter with a red sauce and some beets.  Again, this was just ok and felt very salty.  I wanted to be blown away by at least one dish and I just wasn't.  I should note that I don't eat meat however my dad did and he wasn't impressed either.  He has the sea bream, calamari and pork belly for the second course and the lamb for the 3rd course.  We both loved our desserts, chocolate peanut butter and a mini pumpkin pie!  Definitely my favorite part of the meal.  I also did the wine pairing which was a nice touch.  So as I always say, in a city with so many wonderful restaurants, this place just really doesn't compete for me.We were really surprised at price of the four-course meal. It was very reasonable for the quality and selection on the menu. Favs: Beet tartare, hake, and quail/duck plus dirt/gummy worms for desert. Service is A+ and Anwar the bartender/beverage director was warm and incredibly knowledgable. Wished we lived in Philly so we could come back next weekend!!!I am sad to say I was disappointed in this place. It has  been on the top of my list in restaurants to try and thought for sure I'd have a new fav. 
Nothing was bad but nothing was GOOD. Philadelphia is literally exploding with amazzzzzing places to eat that the game has to be stepped up even to compete and I didn't find that. 
I would have enjoyed my meal more if I wasn't forced into a tasting menu and could order more or less as I'd like. The bill seemed astronomical to me in terms of small plates. Small plates at our usual haunts (Vernick, Zahav, etc.) are shareable plates. I could barely give my fiancée a bite without the entire portion being gone.nl
Service was great and everyone was extremely nice. Biggest positive: Gruyere popover was perfect. 
Everything else: eh.Although we were seated by the door, the experience was enjoyable. The four courses left us feeling just full enough. The food was absolutely delicious. And Chef Sbraga was very warm and hospitable to us as well as the rest of his staff.Not much of a reviewer but think it's only fair when you have such an excellent experience. Was visiting Philadelphia for the weekend and had looked up the best restaurants in town. Sbraga caught my eye not just because the food and setting looked great but also the price for four courses seemed really reasonable ($55). We had a table of four and had booked the week before but got in no problem for a Saturday night. We were seated straight away and looked after superbly, the staff were attentive without overbearing and gave us a thorough run through of the menu. I'm still thinking about the grilled bream, just a spectacular dish. Everyone I was with ordered differently so I got to try everything and must say everything tasted brilliant. I'll certainly be back next time I'm in town, amazing food at a really great price.Great food, good service. Took a large party here after a meeting. Was a bit hesitant about the family style service but it was perfectly executed. The most remarkable  were the soup and hamachi appetizers. Skate fish and port chop were good too. I highly recommend you try this restaurant.My husband and I went to Spraga for my birthday and overall, it was underwhelming.  The service was fantastic.  Our server gave excellent descriptions of the food that made it sound far better than it actually was.  We stood awkwardly in the cramped doorway for 20 minutes past our reservation time and ended up not being able to make the movie we had been planning to see afterwards, but we had a lovely stroll around the neighborhood and worked off a few of the calories.  
We started with the fois gras soup and lobster roll.  Both were tasty.  The soup was rich, creamy, spicy, with nice Thai flavors, however, I love liver and there was not even a hint of fois flavor in the bowl.  The lobster roll was refreshing and reminded me of summer on a cold winter evening.  
Our next course was charred octopus and clams with smoked buccatini.  The pasta dish was the best dish of the night - the sauce was spicy and and smoky and the pasta was cooked perfectly - but the clams were overwhelmed by the sauce and the dish would have been more successful with a different protein. The seasoning on the octopus was very tasty, but the dish would have benefited from more pickles. We each enjoyed one paper thin slice of carrot and radish. 
For the main course, we tried the fried Cornish hen and the lamb rigatoni. The pasta was pretty tasty. It came with dollops of smoked ricotta.  It was very comforting and rich food and not bad, if not particularly interesting flavor wise.  The chicken dish was by far the worst of the night.  It was so salty it was barely edible.  I am not one to send food back, but I came close.  It was awful.  It also came with like two pieces of cauliflower and and couple of pieces of homemade paneer that made no sense on the plate.  The whole time I was forcing it down, I dreaming of Federal Donuts chicken and wishing I was there instead.   
Lastly, I had the dirt pudding and my husband had a caramel cake with coffee ice cream.  The ice cream was delicious.  I liked my pudding, but the "homemade gummy worms" were super sour.  The coffee was superb.
I like strong flavors and lots of spice, so I enjoyed the heavy-handedness with the seasoning for the most part (except for the salt on the hen).  The portions were quite small overall, but we were full because there were four very rich courses.  I love meat as much as anyone, but I also like vegetables quite a bit and felt they were used too sparingly.  We're talking carrots not gold leaf, so why not give people a few?  This was not the worst meal I've ever had, but it was so far from the best, that I see no reason to ever return.second time we've been here - and every memory held true!  Indeed delicious, solicitous, and fun.  Lively music.  intimate seating or larger tables.  It didn' t feel crowded but was full.
i can think of a few suggestions or things to warn folks about - it's noisy.  tables in the front didn't seem to be as loud, but the back area bounces sound.  and the staff, who were really wonderful, were a bit over whelming.  i know they needed to turn the table, and i didn't exactly feel rushed, but it was intrusive at times.
the good things sooooo out weigh any room for improvement!  the foi gras soup is unlike anything you've ever tasted - a bit sweet, then rich and creamy, then a hint of heat.  omg - even the croutons pop in your mouth with flavor!  meatloaf and potatoes were not like mom's but intensely flavorful with creamy small potatoes.  roasted pork and broccoli rabe - not your philly sandwich and the provolone bread pudding was amazing!  spicy, and dreamy.  the octopus - super spicy...good for my partner but not me.  salmon was simply amazing - curry and crispy skin.   did you know the bread course is actually truffled popovers!?  Yup!  deserts - well, honestly, we were so full.  the curried rice pudding was awesome.  cheese plate pretty good too.  fig newton was soso.  key lime pie yummy.  it's one area were i'd love to see less, and more.  maybe a few intensely flavored chocolates?  interesting fortune cookies?  
you've got to go.  really - it's wonderful!A very good restaurant, with an excellent staff and an interesting menu. Although the food was very enjoyable, I thought it was a bit pricey for what it was, which is why I gave it four stars.Superb meal artfully presented. Four course meal a great value for the quality of food. Top notch service completes a most enjoyable dining experience.My schedule factored in and the fact that the city has an unending supply of great restaurants opening up has kept me away from a number of restaurants like returning to Sbraga.  My foodiest friends kept haunting conversations about how great it is though and how it's even better than before.  It's true, over the years Sbraga has evolved into a wonderful champion of great food for Philly.  I revisited and this time sat at the bar.  The bar tending staff were super great to talk too.  If you're into quality cocktails they're fun and legit.  My friend and I shared the FOIE GRAS SOUP  which is DIVINE and two main courses.  I had been entranced by the RABBIT GOLUMKI and it was surprisingly light and spring flavored with hints of mint and herb that made it full of subtle flavors.  We followed with the RIGATONI with LAMB SUGO.... OMG! this is a stunning dish of mouth watering flavor.... smokey, savory, peppery and just .... well I can't stop thinking about it.  
If you're having any need for indulgence - get to their bar, order a great drink, get the foie gras soup and the lamb sumo rigatoni and you will forget about your stress, you'll kiss your enemies, you'll donate to charities,... animated birds and hearts will rotate above your head as you walk out the door.The BF and I did Philly for Fourth of July Weekend and relied on Yelp to identify our short list of eateries during the long weekend.  Although there were a couple of reviews that said Sbraga was overhyped, it stood out as a clear choice for our Friday night dinner (plus their 9 PM reservation had 1,000 OpenTable points (yes, I'm a points fanatic)).
Overall, I was very impressed by experience at Sbraga, the service was excellent and the ambiance was relaxed, yet chic with the right amount of noise and bustle.  
And the food . . . by an large was excellent, with only a few meh moments.  
Popover with Truffle Butter - warm, fluffy and with a distinct taste on its own without the truffle butter.  A great start to the meal.  I may or may not have also ate a significant portion of the BF's serving.
Foie Gras Soup - barf. barf. barf.  I just can't.  I have always hated foie gras and the soup form was no exception.  The BF who tends to be picky, however, loved it.  Apparently, you can ask for an alternate soup if you hate foie gras or are against if for ethical reasons, or whatever.  After taking a tiny spoonful of the foie gras soup, I patiently waited for the next course.  Within three minutes I was offered the Carrot Soup.  Thank goodness.
Carrot Soup -  mmm. mmm. delicious.  Creamy, but light.
First Course:
Hamachi Crudo - this was meh.  Yes, Hamachi is pretty basic and is rarely bad, but I've had some excellent Hamachi Crudo at Marea and L'Artusi, so it can certainly be done better than what was served at Sbraga.
Chicken Wing - the BF had this first course.  I tasted it.  it as okay -- a bit on the bland side.  It was deboned, breaded and fried.  The cream based sauce that accompanied it was slightly spicy.
Second Course:
Duck Bolognese - AMAZING.  The waiter said that this was among the best dishes on the menu and it exceeded my expectations.  Pasta was perfectly al dente and the flavors blended perfectly.  I didn't want it to end.  I ate very slowly.
Saffron Spaghetti - the BF had this.  It was okay and very forgettable.  It definitely pales in comparison to the Duck Bolognese.
Third Course:
Game Hen - this was leg quarter and breast of the hen and also portions of a cool chicken salad.  I generally shy away from chicken entrees, but this was very flavorful and exceeded my expectations.
Fourth Course:
Cheesecake - the bf had this an thoroughly enjoyed it (this does not happen often).
Chocolate "Crème" - loved it.  this was very light and was mostly banana based.  There were approximately three banana flavors/objects on my plate (I believe a fermented banana, banana sherbert and some super tasty and amazing banana custard) and two chocolate (pebbles and ganache).  It was basically a party in my mouth.  I highly recommend it.
There were some highpoints and a few lackluster offerings, but overall Sbraga offered flavorful dishes that were traditional yet innovative.  I would certainly return during another visit to Philly.My experience at Sbraga last night made me very happy.  I would like to see this restaurant succeed and thrive and I believe it has the potential.
As I entered the restaurant I could tell that the renovations and new layout worked very nicely.  The bar is off to the left and it seems that they have their "quick-fire" kitchen out in the open so you can see the kitchen staff hard at work.  Nice touch.
We all went for the tasting menu and it is a value.  For my first course, I went with the truffled chicken caesar salad.  While this may seem like a very safe bet I can assure you that the homemade dressing had the zing of anchovies and they spared no expense on the insane amount of truffle on the chicken.  I did get a taste of the sweetbreads which where quite crispy and delicious.
Second course, fish and chips.  Oh my God.  These were just ridiculously good.  The fish was fried perfectly (aka, light, not oily) and the few chips were cooked nicely as well.  What made this dish stand out was the use of curry in both the batter and sauce and thinly sliced jalapeno.  It just made it delectable.  Really, you've gotta try them.
Third was the lamb belly with an avocado puree.  It was delicious and I expected it to be that way.  The plate was highly artistic and very rich in flavor.  The portion size was also substantial.
Finally, a cheese plate for dessert.  There was an american camembert and another cheese which I don't recall.  It was awesome.  Great portion size and with a Central Waters Pale Ale, my palette and my stomach were happy.
Food, decor, service, this place really shines.  I can't wait to return.  It's the perfect pre-theater meal.Insane prices for tiny portions. My husband's fried chicken was so salty we had to send it back. We both left hungry, dehydrated, and poorer. 
This place would be nothing without the theatre crowd and the Top Chef name.I went with my family for my birthday and everything we ordered was just amazing. We didn't do the wine pairing or either of the supplements to the menu so I can't speak to that. 
Every course was great. The sauces were perfectly seasoned. I would have licked the plate clean if we were alone. Everything was beautifully plated.  
The service was excellent and helpful. My Mom is a vegetarian and the waiter knew everything about which dishes included meat and which didn't. I would love to come back all the time. They cleared every dish as soon as you finished and brought new utensils for each course. We absolutely loved it and will return soon for our next big special dinner.Finally had dinner here last night with a couple of friends after wanting to come here for years. The four-course dinner was excellent! Each course was clearly prepared with care. I highly recommend the beef tartare as an opener! Filet mignon with mashed potatoes and oxtail was worth the up-charge as was the spaghetti with king crab. My only criticism is that I actually felt like four courses (plus an amuse bouche and popover) was a little too much and too rich. Otherwise, would highly recommend and eat here again.I had an absolutely fantastic meal at Sbraga.  Top Chef Kevin really knows what he's doing.  You can see him all night working in the kitchen running the orders.  I started with a glass of Gewurztraminer at the bar while I waited for the rest of our party.  Bonus points for serving that wine by the glass, it's one of my favorites and hard to find at Philly restaurants.  
The tasting menu is the way to go, unless you just want to order something at the bar.  After we ordered, we each received a delightful brioche muffin filled with cheese and truffle.  It was awesome.  
My first course was the sweetbreads.  I don't usually order sweetbreads, but I figured I'd give it a shot, and they were really tasty and crispy, served with a lemony sauce and roasted tomatoes.   
Second course was the arctic char with a hollandaise sauce.  The fish was cooked perfectly, and I was really happy with the option because I've loved arctic char ever since I had it at Le Bec Fin, and I don't see it offered too often.  The sauce was perfect as well, buttery and lemony, but not too heavy.  
Third course was the meatloaf with bacon marmalade.  Again, super delicious.  Bacon marmalade belongs on everything.  A certain food blogger friend should consider replicating it.  The meatloaf had some Italian seasonings, and was very flavorful.  Also, the mashed potatoes that came with were creamy and delicious.
Fourth course was the cheese plate.  I probably should have written down the names of the cheeses because they were perfect.  They came with two pieces of toast and a fig cake that tasted like the inside of a fig newton.  
Service was stellar as well.  There was some kind of issue between our first and second courses so they knocked a few drinks off the bill.  I understand that things happen, and I appreciated their pro-activeness to rectify the situation, and when we left the waiter kept apologizing about it and saying he hoped we would be back.  I will definitely be back!For those of you who just come here to read the reviews, let me share something quick (if you want to skip, go to the ***) - as we're writing, the right side of the screen is filled with other people's reviews. Maybe it's for inspiration, maybe it's to make sure you don't copy from someone else... either way, as I begin to write this review, I see someone describing their brain as Fred (Flinstone) and Biff (the only Biff I know is from Back to the Future) - Fred enjoying large portions of meat and potatoes, Biff enjoying Sbraga. 
Directly underneath the psychoanalysis we've got a lady talking about giving an "O" for the server, Tomas, and how she "forevermore" wants to hear his voice in her head (I know, taken out of context, or even in context, this one is a little steamy). 
And then the final review in the fold describes portions so small it'll prevent this starved person from ever returning (1st world problems, I assure you). Anyway, I really wanted to share that.
*** AND NOW THE REVIEW ***
Just barely missed a 5. I'll be up front so there's no agonizing wait - I wasn't a fan of my third, which has a supplemental cost ($18 beyond the $45): the Wagyu steak with a poached egg. I didn't realize until I was eating, but that was my first steak and eggs experience. It's served in a broth that makes everything, well, wet. I don't like my meat wet. It wasn't bad at all, just wasn't my thang.
She didn't like part of her deconstructed tiramisu - I loved it, but I have to represent all sides here... the part she didn't like? The frozen coffee shavings (they're delicious - get it).
Everything else? Fantastic!
Service - excellent, friendly, helpful.
Menu - four courses, $45 - first, second, third, dessert.
Do you get to see the celebrity chef who won Top Chef, Kevin Sbraga? YES - he's cooking in the open kitchen, and often does. 
What'd we get? 
Firsts: foie gras soup and fried green tomato (comes with smoked sweetbread). Interesting notes on the firsts - if you're not a fan of foie gras, GET THIS SOUP. I'm not a fan, and loved it. Served atop white rose petals, onion, and pumpernickel cubes. 
Same deal with the sweetbreads that accompanied the fried green tomato. Not a fan of them, but these were done so well that I didn't even think about it. The dish was like a deconstructed BLT.
Seconds: Parsley, Pork Belly, Escargot, and Mushroom Risotto (what a mouthful: both in writing and in tasting), AND the sturgeon with kimchi, bok choy, and a red wine apple puree. To steal from Campbell's - mm mm good. 
Thirds: You already know about my wagyu experience. She had the pork loin with pickled strawberries, sesame crunch granola, and leeks. What a tantalizing combination. The strawberries with the pork... oh baby. 
Dessert: Chocolate tart with pistachio ice cream... really nice. The tart is soft and is cradled in a soft yet substantial crust; combined with a bit of the ice cream and oof - bliss. I already told you about the tiramisu... get it =)
Everything looked beautiful, tasted great, and again, the service was very solid. We even struck up conversation with our neighboring diners. 
Tremendous experience, we'll be back!Exactly how the decision was made to come here, I could not recall at the time. We lyfted there. He said, "It's unusual that I don't know where we are going. Generally, I make the reservation and I pick the restaurant." The restaurant was quiet for a week night. We were led to the window table. He marveled at the seating selection. There were two best seats in the house. He said. One in the middle but with a bit of privacy. The other by the window. The one in the middle was already taken and we were given the window seat, aka the best seat in the house that was available. I took a mental note. 
Philadelphia has adopted a lot of New York style dining. Prix Fixe menu was abundant. Sbraga offers a $55 per head, four course meal. For what they serves up, it's an incredible deal. 
Gruyer popover and foie gras soup to start. Rich and flavorful. 
Hamachi ceviche next. It might be the best I've ever consumed in my life. Lamb tartare had a middle eastern flair to it. Very inventive. The next dish is a pasta dish, jerk lamb bolognese and spaghetti with blue crab were incredibly flavorful.
Ordinarily we'd have enough to eat but we continued with the entree. He opted for surf and turf and I had the fish. It's interesting when you have so many creative dishes on the offering, the dining options essentially become a careful balancing act between what you had previously had and what you would have on the next dish. We were deeply satisfied with our mains. The dessert choices were relatively easy. Sweet corn turnover and cheese.
Cheese course as the last dish is brilliant, and thankfully, this being Philly, they don't charge you extra. Most European restaurants offer cheese course as a dessert course. Nice to have them to include it. 
We did not spend a lot of time talking. We ate. And we ate.
Sbraga's Top Chef is gifted, crafty and creative.  The attention to detail and the use of varied ingredients were better than an above average pricy San Francisco restaurant. When I worked in Philly in the 90s, I remembered the food was already fanciful. It only improved more ever since then. Just then, it dawned me that Sbraga is listed as one of the 38 essential restaurants in Philly by Eater, and that's how I made the reservation. 
Satisfied, I expressed my interest in coming back here. He interpreted it as my general endorsement of Philly, which he frequented for work.  "Will you come back with me?" He asked. When I did not answer straight away,  the question became a statement: "You are coming back with me."High end cuisine without pretension or a crazy price tag. We've sat at tables and at the chef's bar, and both were great. Service is perfect. Wine pairings are well considered and match well. Highly recommended!In looking for a special restaurant to celebrate a birthday, I decided to try Sbraga.  I thought the menu looked interesting and there were definite dishes that I knew would appeal to us (the foie gras soup, for one example) and so I booked a reservation for the Chef's Table.
We were seated promptly and Yuli our server was awesome.  We sat at the Chef's Table - or rather marble counter - was and is the best seat in the house; at least for us. We started with some great cocktails and some amazing large popover- gougères  was the house bread.  for my courses; I had the potato ceviche, clams and bucatini, the NY strip and the caramel coffee cake with coffee ice cream.  My dining partner had the foie gras soup (AH-MAY-ZING!), the octopus, NY strip and the cheese plate.  We finished with sherry, ruby port and coffee.  I loved every dish I had and tasted all of the other ones as well - and they were all very good.  This is not food for the spice-weak or wary.  Great savory, spicy, bold flavors but nothing overpowering that lingered.  Great pops of flavor that quickly dissipated to allow you to enjoy the next set of flavors and textures.
Chef Sbraga was to our left all night and very attentive to every dish that went out to every diner.  He came over to wish my dining partner a happy birthday and we were also given a little birthday goodie bag with a copy of the night's menu and a handmade treat from Chef Sbraga.
The four course menu for $49 is definitely reasonable for the food that you get, although my dining partner felt the $15 extra upcharge for the NY Strip should have equated to a larger portion, but we didn't leave hungry.
I would definitely recommend Sbraga and I can definitely say that we will be returning to try all of Chef Sbraga's dishes.  A Philadelphia gem and a true 'Top Chef'.We went to Sbraga tonight for the first time to celebrate my boyfriend's birthday. I knew it was going to be phenomenal from the moment we walked in. We were greeted by the manager who led us to our table and left us with a birthday card for my boyfriend signed by the chef himself. Our server Dawn was simply amazing. Her care and attention to detail was unmatched, and she was beyond friendly and helpful. The meal was incredible from first course through last. Everything was impeccably prepared, and the portions were perfect. I am gluten free (not by choice) and everyone was incredibly accommodating about it. Oftentimes I worry about admitting I have celiac disease for fear of being a pain, but Dawn was super sweet about everything, and made sure to let me know that everything she put in front of me was safe to eat. The cherry on top of the entire evening was a complimentary dessert paired with moscato, and a gift bag with house- made biscotti and a birthday card for the guest of honor. As we walked out, bellies completely full, Chef Sbraga himself thanked us for coming in- I wanted to thank HIM for letting us experience such a wonderful meal! We will definitely be talking about this meal for weeks to come and will be recommending Sbraga to anyone who will listen!I heard this place was awesome, and don't get me wrong, it is. But would I eat here on the reg? No.
We had gotten the tasting menu- awesome. First course I got the wedge salad, which had this brown powder on the lettuce leaves. I inquired about it and was told it was charred onion that was pulverized- very interesting- too bad it didn't taste like anything. The hubs got the salmon with mango and frozen yogurt. He's very adventurous with food, but said it was weird and the mango and yogurt were tasteless.
On to the next course- scallop and pork belly as well as the fish with the hummus. What they failed to describe is that the hummus is red pepper hummus and it was really spicy! So much so I was glad I had my cortisone with me, as I thought my tongue was going to blow up from the spice. Scallop was cooked to perfection and paired with the pork belly was a creative and tasty combination. My fish dish on the other hand was just blah.
Third course we both ordered the pork with the granola and pickled strawberries. This was the best course (after my dessert). I thought it was going to be such a strange pairing, but it is in a good way. So delicious, who would have thought these things could play so well off of each other? Win.
Dessert was a warm chocolate cake with pistaccio ice cream. If a warm chocolate cake isn't good, the chef has a real problem on their hands. This was heaven. Hubs got the cheese plate, which was a bit disappointing( !). I think one of the cheeses was white cheddar, the other a brie- nothing I can't buy myself at Trader Joe's. We were both stuffed after the 4 courses.
Like I said, this place is interesting and hats off to chef Sbraga for his inventiveness, but I've concluded that I don't want to eat interesting food all the time. Cool experience, but not a local hang.Chef Sbraga and Co have done a wonderful job creating a really comfortable atmosphere where the food just forces a grin from ear to ear.  I had a delicious meal start to finish, and at $44 fixed price for the four course menu, it's a welcomed tab in a town that is full of overpriced and mediocre restaurants.  The servings are elegantly ample, plated very nicely, and seriously delicious.  First, I have got to mention the rolls that they put out.  I don't know what they put in them, but it's probably illegal in some states, that's how good they are. The foie gras soup with rose petal relish was a nice way to kick off the meal, to be followed by fish and chips with cauliflower remoulade, and then on to a fantastic meatloaf with potato puree and bacon marmalade.  The Black Cod with bok choy and kim chee was sure not to disappoint, and nor did the exceptionally done chicken with Brussels sprouts and sweet potatoes. This actually might be the best piece of fried chicken that I've ever had. Dessert rocked: apple caramel mile-feuille, as well as hot chocolate with raspberry and butter pecan.  
Bravo team Sbraga.  And a special thanks to Joe, who runs the restaurant, for serving us personally, swiftly, and with such genuine kindness.Absolutely fantastic place - we came here at 5:15pm for a dinner before a show at the Kimmel Center not really expecting much. We started off with the popover and the foie gras soup. I LOVED the popovers since I'm a carb whore anyway but I honestly could have done without the foie gras soup - I expected more of a fatty foie gras flavor but no luck there. Then I had the escargot - which was prepared so differently from traditional escargot. It came in a broth which was so incredibly flavorful. There was a hazelnut bread as well but honestly, I could have just had the snails as is. My boyfriend got the sashimi which we could have done without. It was fine but not too memorable. For the second course, I got the carrot rigatoni which was another extremely delightful dish - I loved the crispy rabbit on top. He got the wild mushroom "risotto" which actually lacked some sort of texture and wasn't as good as the rigatoni. Then we moved ontot he dry aged beef. While it was very tender and delicious, cooked to perfection, it didn't seem like it was dry aged for very long and could have been a bit more flavorful. I would certainly order it again. We ended with the malted semifredo and the sweet potato smore. I was quite disappointed witht he semifreddo because it was way too hard to be a semifreddo but if you come here for a dessert - DEFINITELY  get the smores. Might be the best smores I've ever had! 
Also, request the chefs table which is an adventure and amazing to watch them all cook!Months overdue, here I am finally getting around to writing my review of Sbraga. A shame because I wanted to be one of the first to alert the masses on what a wonderful addition this restaurant is to the city, now I'm just another opinionated diner amongst a flurry of other well versed yelp constituents. Pity party aside, I bring you my fantastic fall night experience of which my company of the evening Vinny P. and Christine B. have already done a stand up job in describing.
The Offering: Let it be known that the four course tasting menu is the norm at $45/pp with an optional wine pairing addition should you choose. There are also options to indulge in an 8 or 10 course meal, who can eat that much I don't know, available upon request. The full menu is offered a la carte if you can manage to find a space at the bar, however seating is limited and given that it's still difficult months after opening to grab a regular reservation you may want to consider camping out for a coveted seat come dinnertime. 
Space and Service: Give yourself time. Enjoy your experience, don't rush it, take it in. The space is warm and inviting, a modern rustic with reclaimed wood paneling and an open air kitchen which offers patrons the opportunity to see the chef and staff hard at work preparing the camera-ready dishes brought to your table. Though there are not many negatives in the reviews, the few seem to be about service being slow. There is a difference between creating an enjoyable dining experience for patrons by not rushing through four courses and slipups in communication between waitstaff and kitchenstaff. Our table of four found ourselves in a predicament where we thought that we had allowed ourselves enough time (two hours) to enjoy dinner and get to a show at the Merriam Theater. Because of a miscommunication, but not by any means the fault of our server, we were left incredibly tight for time. After bringing to our servers attention the fact that we had a schedule to keep (something I typically hate doing because why are we any more special than the rest of the diners?), we were met by the manager who handled the situation with style and grace in a manner that I have never seen offered, but one that turned a would-be rushed and unenjoyable situation into a positive experience. To say that service and customer care is lacking would be inaccurate, however in reading that months later there are still some timing issues from order placing to plate presentation find myself hoping that these can be ironed out. 
Food: I mulled over the menu for weeks leading up to our night out, sad I know, but don't pretend like you've never done the same thing in anticipation of a great meal. When push came to shove I went with a four course selection of Kevin Sbragas take on classic comfort foods, if we're going casual upscale I'm going straight up American comfort. My first course of sweetbreads was the most unconventional of the meal theme, but to keep somewhat consistent would have meant going with a caesar salad and that just seemed too safe. Of the sweatbreads I have had, sadly these just were not my favorite, somewhat heavy on breading with redemption found in the tonnato and capers which still only partially filled the textural sadness I was feeling. My second course was the fish and chips, not heavy by any means but crisp and piping hot adorned with a cumin salt and sliced jalapeno while set over lightly fried potatoes and a curry remoulade, Indian flare to a classic this could have easily been my favorite course if it weren't for the third. Let's just pause for a second so that you can understand my disgust of the word "meatloaf". Break it down, it's a whole loaf of meat, there's really nothing classy about it. If you backtrack to how mom made it and take out the breadcrumbs, bind it instead with veal mousse like Sbraga, and lather it with a salty but sweet bacon marmalade you're well on your way to gluttony. For dessert I rounded things out with the caramel apple mille-feuille. Though light and sweet with crisp apples and flaky puff pastry, this was sort of a bland ending to an otherwise quality meal. This is not to say that it was not full of flavor or presented beautifully because both are true, I just don't think it packed the wow factor of the previous courses.
I don't always care for prix fixe menus because you're almost forced to order items you normally wouldn't care to order. I am not always an appetizer person and almost never an orderer of dessert, I could be perfectly happy with a salad and an entree and calling it a night. I am however happy that my dining companions and I agreed to make the reservation because without them I would  be sadly sitting here reading the reviews instead of writing my own. If you are looking for a solid meal before a night at the theater, a special occasion, or just looking to splurge, this is one reservation you need not hesitate in making.Thank you to you lovely Philadelphia Yelpers for this recommendation! Sbraga was a great place for this "party of one" to belly up to the Chef's Counter for the $49, four-course prix fixe menu. The atmosphere is dark, contemporary, and lovely. Great for a nice date, a pre-theater meal, small groups, or post-theater drinks (if space is open at the bar).
First Course- Foie Gras Soup (with Rose Petal Relish) Wow! So many things going on here, this soup was amazing. Very rich and delicious. FYI, watching the chef's crank out what looked like a delicious Beet Tartar, after Beet Tartar, this was a hard choice to make, but I'm glad I did.
Second- Grilled Salmon, sprouts and Vadouvan. I live in a "Vadouvan" down by the river! My excellent server for the night (she was always on point) described Vadouvan  as an Indian curry-like set of spices. This was a good dish!
Third- Meatloaf, Charcoal Potatoes, scallion and Romesco. Lovely presentation, this one got big ups in Yelp reviews, but I just think it didn't live up to the hype. It didn't wow me, it was just okay.
Dessert- Dirt Pudding with homemade Gummy Worms. Since I was basically overlooking the dessert station of the Chef's Counter, I saw a lot of desserts go out. I actually almost ordered off menu after I saw a dish of what looked like three scoops o f berry sorbet on a bed of Pop Rocks go out (off menu). But the Gummy Worms alone, were worth ordering this nice dish. So citrusy, they cut through the chocolate of the Dirt Pudding well. 
I loved Sbraga, and there were so many other good looking dishes on the menu, it will get a return visit!The entire experience was great! The staff was helpful and guided my wife and I through the courses with wonderful suggestions for dessert.This place is great.  I have read some of the luke warm reviews here on Yelp and honestly don't get them.  When you look at the range of high-end restaurants we have in town, this place knocked most of them on their ass.  We went for a birthday celebration.  There were five of us.  Everything was great.  Some things were better than others, but everything was better than food I have at places like Le Bec Fin or any Starr place or JG Domestic.  
It's a four course price fixe (though you can opt for a 9 course Chef's tasting).  The price is pretty reasonable for what you get and the quality of the food.  
What I had:
1.  The Foie Gras Soup -- I hate soup and am not a huge foie gras fan, but this had received such rave reviews that I had to try it.  And it didn't disappoint.  Very tasty, very smooth.  
2.  Fish n' Chips -- I admit I ordered this as a safety in case I didn't like the soup, but these were not like any fish n' chips I've ever had.  The first bite was packed with flavor and spice.  The batter was light and fluffy and fish, perfect.  This was actually my favorite course of the night.  I highly recommend it.
3.  The Meatloaf -- Terrific, again.  Flavorful and the exact right portion.  
4.  The Apple Caramel -- this was my least favorite course.  Really nothing special, but fine.  Others got the Hot Chocolate (which is a mousse) and I think were much happier. 
Overall, this place is one of the best I've eaten at in Philly.  I am a picky eater and I cleaned my plate during every course.  
The service and atmosphere were great as well.  It's a small place with an open kitchen so you can see everything.  If I go back, I'd love to sit at the bar and watch them cook.  
Wine list is great and reasonably priced as well.  For all the BYOs and fancy places in town, this place was a great value with much better than average food.This was a great experience. The wait staff was very attentive, polite, and knowledgeable. Not to mention the food! All six courses were superb. The selection was unique and tasty to the palate.PRO: Seeing Kevin Spraga prepare the dinner! I'm a huge Top Chef fan and meeting Kevin was a highlight of my visit.  He's a very nice and genuine person.  
CON:  The meal was ok...it wasn't out of this world delicious, but it wasn't terrible.  It's a 4 course meal, my first and second were great, but my third and dessert was not wonderful.  We ordered: 
First- Fluke Ceviche & Shrimp Bisque- Bisque won
Second- Sea Bream & Fried Lobster- Bream won
Third- Meatloaf & Veal Cheek- Cheek won
Dessert- Birthday Cake & Coffee Granita- Coffee won
The presentation of the meal is beautiful, but the taste wasn't all there.  My meatloaf was extremely salty..I couldn't even finish the meal.  But I didn't have the heart to tell the chef because I was too star struck!I went here for dinner on a Tuesday night.  A dinner for 2 came out to $240, and I left hungry.  The food comes in very small portions, and if you want a lobster tail or steak as part of your tasting menu, you pay an extra $15-$20.  And the portion you get is tiny.  Now the quality is fine, but does not justify the price point.  I would go to a steakhouse any day of the week.  I would do the tasting menu at Fork, or Talulu's Garden, or Laurel, or any number of places before Sbraga.  The quality of the dishes are not better than any of those places.  The services is quite sub-par as well.  We sat at the counter and were somewhat ignored.  For that price point, many better  options in the city.  For a much lesser price point, many better options in the city.Went out for a late dinner at sbraga last night and overall the experience was okay but they need to up their game a bit. 
Arrived for our 8:30 reservation and were told the table wasn't ready yet, so we waited until about 8:45 until it was ready. Fine, no big deal but there was no comfortable area to wait and no room at the bar so we were stuck awkwardly standing at the bar behind some reserved chairs. 
Once seated we started off with the Fois gras soup and popovers. Popovers were perfect and the soup was good but had a lingering burning aftertaste in our throats because someone fell in with the lemon oil or some citrus element. Meh. 
For the second course I had the chicken salad. Good but not special. Tasted like your average chicken salad. No wow factor here (and yes, I know I was not very adventurous by ordering this but I have some dietary restrictions right now and couldn't have the other options). 
Third - saffron spaghetti. Again with too much citrus! Also, it was full of crab shells. However my husband got the rigatoni which was excellent. 
Finally, ended with the surf and turf (pork belly) and that was superb. Good job here. 
Did get the berry tart for dessert. Super lemony (why soooo citrus?!?) and just blah. 
Aside from most dishes being okay but not great, the service was INCREDIBLY SLOW. I am okay and used to waiting some time between courses but this ended up being a three hour ordeal for a few courses. We kind of ran out of things to talk about while waiting 30-40 minutes between courses. Our waitress was fine but that was it. Friendly but relatively inattentive.Savory and divine. Service is excellent and portion size appear to be small but actually very filling. Four course at $49 with beverage pairing.
Pork belly- chili oil and cucumbers perfect to start too;
Black cod with kimchee- melt in your mouth black cod and not typical kimchee;
Veal cheeks with sweet breads and carmelized daikon- veal cooked to perfection;
Pumpkin mousseIMPRESSED!  From the moment that we walked in, we felt welcomed. Although the restaurant was packed on this Saturday night, service never suffered.  We enjoyed the tasting menu and wine pairing.  Each course was served timely, and the wine was introduced in a casual but informative way (not at all pretentious like some pairing menus).  Each plate was an adventure, a riff of a familiar plate escalated to refined level.  Even the dessert was awesome, especially the tiramisu, a medley of sweet, creamy, cold, crunchy!  Sbraga sets the bar high in all areas...ambiance, food, service.  Other Philly restaurants should take note...this is how it's done.  A totally enjoyable dinner.  Highly recommended.I have a problem. I am a poor student, but I love fine dining. It's an issue that consumes my soul and is constantly hanging over my head, and gives me great unrest. But I find ways around it, and Sbraga's been on my to do list for a while, so I made it happen. I was saving my $50 gift certificate from Opentable (after months of making reservations for everything, finally, a payoff!) for a long time, and after careful consideration, decided on Sbraga for my birthday dinner (with a 9:00 reservation on a Monday that would get me another 1000 points, obviously).
I had extremely high expectations... and they were exceeded, starting with the birthday card from Chef Sbraga that graced my table upon my arrival. The service was impeccable and everything we ate was incredible (I'll get to that later).
I wasn't going to review Sbraga, but I recently revisited (free dinner courtesy of Opentable...it pays to read emails!) and realized I just can't stop talking about it or recommending it to people, so I should weigh in on the ole Yelp.
THE FOOD. 
OMG the food. Here are the highlights from my two visits.
--The Foie Gras Soup. 
Perfect combination of richness and spice, and just awesome. I still think about this. I don't care if you don't like foie gras, never had it, or are iffy about. You should order this, and you will like it. I promise. 
--Pork Belly in Chili Oil
Very thinly sliced, but great combination of flavors and not too spicy at all.
--Gem lettuce...with other stuff.
Basically a deconstructed Caesar salad. The red peppery looking things were really the highlight. Very good.
--Steak tartar 
Also awesome, can't remember specific details.
--Octopus in Piri Piri sauce
Not as spicy as other Yelpers led me to believe, so fear not; also excellent.
--Papardelle was really good too.
--The Lamb was very good but a bit salty for my taste.
-- "Key Lime Pie"-kind of a deconstructed delicious take on the classic, and the Pistachio Bread Pudding with Olive Oil Ice cream (super interesting flavor, and my roomate who hates normally ice cream loved it!) Not a huge dessert person, but places like Sbraga change me...
--Special shoutout to the popovers. I would like for them to pop over to me anytime.
--Also had a very interesting spicy cocktail last night involving jalapenos. Very odd but very interesting. The Peach Cobbler inspired cocktail was also great, but a bit too sweet for me.
If you're trying to impress a food snob date/parent/sibling/friend/client/boss, have a special occasion coming up, or $50 4 course meals are your thang, by all means run to Sbraga now, and be ready to be amazed. 
HIGHLY RECOMMEND.High praise for food that sparked our best memories of great meals and added to them.
Let's get right to it. 
Our server Megan was excellent. Poised, warm and knowledgeable. All the little things that add up to adding confidence about the rest of the meal. Total professional and we were grateful for the care that came throughout the meal. They will be smart to hold onto her. 
Having met Ben (Manager) and Kevin (...yeah the Chef) in their table visits I believe they will. I hope they are going for a warm and inviting feel, because that's what we got. Nobody called Chef by his title, just Kevin. It is a nice touch and the way they just walk up and say hi is genuine. I'm sure they know but it is important to say these things. I'm rooting for them and want to encourage them to never stop visiting guests. It is right on so many levels.
Food:
Beet appetizer, Miso Cod, Meatloaf and Hot Chocolate dessert were the standouts from the four course tasting we did. Here is the breakdown if it interests you:
Beets are center cut and sweet accompanied by a streusel with sweet and salty cheese. Texture, sweet and salty it just rocks. 
My fiance had the Cod and it was so good that it brought back memories of a hawaiian trip and Miso butterfish that actually had her wipe a tear away.  We literally talked about the smell of the yard at her Grandmother's house in the childhood memory talk. 
The fish is that good. It was 'buttery melt-in-your-mouth' The Kim Chi was super hot! But right there was the apple to cool it down. So like three part harmony.
Meatloaf was so rich and sweet 'vinegary' that I was laughing and looking over my shoulder before dropping profanity about it being the "motherF'ing truth." It is comfort food but rich and dense with herbs throughout and no filler. Don't bread that meatloaf, I don't want the breading and they didn't. Most definitely a refined portion so I see they aren't going for a big old slab of comfort food. Instead they are going for comfort-refined. 
Hot chocolate is that comforting decadence that has a lava cake sort of theme. I mean it is a good thing we walked home afterward because we needed to burn it off. 
It was a harmonic experience. Atmosphere, staff, food and everything all came together and made each other part even better. I guess even the covers of tunes we knew now make even more sense. They are going for that thing you always knew but hadn't had so good.
We got it good. Thanks team Spraga. See you again.I had high hopes for this place. My friend was visiting Philadelphia for the first time, so I made reservations at Sbraga for the night she arrived. We're Top Chef fans, we were interested in the prix fixe concept, $49 for 4 courses, and thought the menu sounded good.
Oh boy were we wrong.
We started with the foie gras soup, which tasted oddly of curry and while good and creamy really lacked the richness of foie. The presentation was impressive and quite beautiful, but the course itself was lacking. Another friend had the salmon with frozen yogurt, which when presented was nothing like we expected, but she said it was good. 
Second course - I had the bronzino and my friends had the scallop and pork belly. The fish was okay, though some portions were extremely salty. The scallop and pork belly were well cooked, but came with extra cubes of watermelon that nobody understood how to eat. Was it supposed to be eaten with the scallops? The pork belly? I can understand that the freshness of the fruit may help cut some of the fattiness of the pork belly, but they were unnecessary and something better could have been substituted. 
Third course - I had the meat loaf (much to my friends' surprise). I have never had meat loaf before and I have to say.. it was good. The loaf is a combination of pork, veal, and some foie gras with a bacon marmalade. It had a heavy bacon flavor, but who doesn't like that? The texture and the flavor of the meat loaf itself was so good and I didn't regret my decision at all. Neither of my dining companions enjoyed the pork tenderloin; apparently it was over cooked, and though I'm not a tenderloin fan even I could see that it looked dry. 
For dessert we had the strawberry and rhubarb crumble, and the chocolate tart with pistachio ice cream. Both were fine but nothing stood out. The chocolate tart was incredibly rich and the crust was nothing to write home about. I ended up just scraping the chocolate off the tart crust. The pistachio ice cream was a complete fail. It tasted more like almond (has anyone had Chinese almond jello?) and was much too icy to be considered ice cream. Disappointing.
We ended up paying $75 each after tax and tip for a four course meal and one cocktail a piece. While paying I felt incredibly ripped off - there's no way the meal was worth that kind of money. Look, I'm willing to pay a good amount of money for a good meal, but Sbraga was not it. Double whammy  was when I checked my credit card bill and saw the charge and thought, "wtf? When did I go to Sbraga?" The meal was THAT forgettable. 
OH and I have to mention the weird service. We had this waiter who was completely awkward. He would show up out of nowhere and overstay his welcome at the table, just kind of.. hanging out. When he came to get our dessert order, I said I needed a minute, so he just stood there. And waited. Um, awkward much? The other waiter we had a brief interaction with was great and so friendly and helpful, but the actual waiter we had was strange and almost made the experience at Sbraga a little worse than it already was.Very flavorful. The chicken wings had turmeric and were perfectly crispy. I'm craving more. I'm from Buffalo where chicken wings are made perfectly and there were so good and unique.After being open two weeks, the restaurant appeared to have worked out the "new opening" wrinkles quite well.  Our experience was outstanding in both the food and service areas.  The space is very nicely designed, and is a mixture of modern trendy with a dash of rustic thrown in for good measure.  Our server was very knowledgeable about every dish we asked about, as well as the wine list and pairing.  The $45 pre fixe menu is priced at a value, for starter, fish, meat, and dessert courses.  The foie gras soup was a creative variation, and replaced the traditional fruit flavor pairings with kaffir lime, asian pear, pumpernickel, and lemongrass.  The meatloaf was beef, pork, veal, and foie gras with a bacon tomato marmalade, and was an excellent choice as well.  The Singapore Sling dessert, a signature dish that was part of Chef Sbraga's win on Top Chef was fruity and refreshing, though more suited to the spring and summer seasons than fall or winter.  
Overall, it appears that the restaurant has been open for two years, not two weeks, as the meal was prepared and serviced exceptionally well.  My only gripe would be the somewhat cramped seating and loud volume, but both were easily tolerable and did not significantly detract from the evening.  The location is prime for theatergoers, and the large windows allow for people-watching, as well.  
Note:  the $45 pre-fixe menu is apparently offered both at the bar, and for table service.  The entire pre-fixe menu is also offered a la carte at the bar, but can be had a la carte at the table as well.  A nice option of flexibility, as I've seen many restaurants restrict the a la carte and/or pre-fixe options unnecessarily.  Each of the starter, fish, and meat courses had one "special" option that was available at a supplemental cost above the pre fixe.  
Overall, a great value and a place I'd definitely recommend and revisit.  They are considering a brunch service in the next few months, which would be worth a visit I'm sure.  Enjoy!We had the four course menu with wine pairing, which was an excellent combination during the whole meal. The truffle infused bread and the veal cheeks with sweetbreads were the absolute highlights. Also, the raspberry beer was superb. But the bluefish was boring and gave me nothing special.My experience here fell slightly short of expectation. At close to $50 a head just for food, I expect the best of all things. The service seemed a bit disjointed. Each course was brought out by a different member of the wait staff, which might just be my own personal pet peeve.  Secondly, our table was not wiped down after each course, something commonly done at restaurants of this calibre. Additionally, the fish dishes our table ordered (specifically the trout, and the mackerel), were a bit bland.  
On the positive side, I was blown away by the rigatoni I ordered as my main course. It was wonderfully spiced and had something in it that gave it a crunchy texture. Splendid!  The buzz was great and I loved the layout of the space. I would go back, but I would hesitate before putting this restaurant w/in the top 5 restaurants in the city, as it seems everyone else does.We've dined at Sbraga's several times and never been disappointed. The tasting menu is simply a fun way to explore the creative and tasty dishes the fantastic kitchen continues to send out. Our server Carrmen was very helpful and service was spot on. Pace of the meal was excellent and we were able to enjoy our meal yet had plenty of to get to our show. Great meal, great service, great location.Kevin Sbraga is a God. Sbraga is our "special occasion" spot. Yes, you should expect to spend $200 (if drinking as well) but the service, food, and drink has always, always surpassed expectation. Chef's counter is also an enjoyable experience where we had the opportunity to catch Kevin himself in action. Any of Sbraga's spots have been terrific, but this one holds a special place in my...stomach (heart?)Visited Sbraga on Feb 27th as a birthday present from my girlfriend and it did not disappoint.  Let me first start by saying the $45 pre fix price is a steal and I left extremely satisfied.  I did opt for the wine paring although I wouldn't do it again as the pours were not worth the extra $25 (note: one of my plates was the chicken "hot wings" plate which they paired with a beer.  I understand that nothing goes better with wings than beer but if I am paying for a wine pairing I do not want a beer substituted)  Other than that small issue this was one of the better meals and service experiences I have had in the city this year. 
 I started with the Foie gras soup and it lived up to the hype.  The portion was spot on as this is a rich soup and can become rather filling towards the bottom of the bowl.  I then opted for the scallop and Pork Belly which was delicious but also the most tame and mainstream of the four courses.  The chicken and Brussels sprout dish was the star of the night for me.  This is a take on a hot wing with young chicken and a home made hot sauce severed table side in a small squeeze bottle.  It was delicious and I can see myself visiting again just for this dish!  
My girlfriend started with the Cesar salad which was pretty standard but well executed which was followed by the take on fish and chips.  This was delicious as the fish was not greasy and accompanied by a delicious twist on Tatar sauce.  For her main course she had the Meatloaf which was very well seasoned and contained several different flavor profiles.  For desert we selected both cocolate options and both were excellent.
I must say the highlight of the night (keeping in mind we went on a Monday) was Kevin's presence in the kitchen.  We sat at the kitchen counter which I recomend and Kevin was asking us how everything was ect....What was really cool was that after the meal Kevin came over and chatted with us for around 10 min about the Philadelphia food scene and where we liked to eat out.  It was refreshing to see someone that has a fairly high profile take time to BS with my girlfriend and I. 
We were also comped a free apitizer by the kitchen which was the lamb chop and lamb belly - really great.  I will definitly be back and might even post up at the bar for a drink and a plate of the chicken!  Great space as well really clean lines and design theme.We arrived at 5pm on a Monday and were quickly seated and offered water. We were the only diners there for a better part of an hour. The manager even joked with us about having such a private setting. Our drink order was taken, and by the time our drinks arrived our food order was already taken. The service was impeccable. The timing of the four courses was on-point and the wait staff was very attentive, as they came to check if everything was okay during each one of the courses. 
The food was another story. I was a little disappointed. For the First plate, I had the Foie Gras soup and it was okay. Apparently it came with a rose petal relish, but my soup did not come with it, and it needed something to cut the richness of the soup. Another issue I had with this dish, was the dish itself. The bowl i was served was cracked! Seriously? I was the only person in the restaurant having that dish at that moment. There is no excuse for cracked tableware. My girlfriend had the Beet Tartare with smoked Mackerel. It was okay. The mackerel was excellent and we wished there was more. 
Second plates: I had the escargot, shells, white bean and chorizo. It was my favorite dish of the night. It was a nice stew, and I was surprised by the amount of scargot. My girlfriend had the octopus. I tasted it. It was well cooked but nothing special.
Third plates: I had the pork belly, cheese bread pudding, and long hots. It had a good level of spice, but the fattiness of the dish turned me off a bit. My girlfriend had the rigatoni, lamb sugo dish and it was her favorite of the night, but said she wouldn't return just for that. 
Dessert: The "fig newton" was actually very good. My girlfriend ordered the brown butter cake. I tried it but I don't remember anything about it.
Overall: The restaurant is beautiful, and the service is amazing. The cocktails are really good, and the gruyere popover that they bring before the meal is awesome, but the rest of the food didn't hit the right notes with me.Wow. 
Ultimate birthday dinner! 
Went here for mine and my husband's birthday on a special trip to Philadelphia.  Whatever expectations I had prior to coming here were easily surpassed during this meal. 
The waitstaff all worked in coordination with one another and everyone was helpful and engaged. 
We started off with a cocktail at the bar.  My husband had the Sbraga punch which was sweet and perfectly balanced.  I enjoyed the South Carolina Serenade which was strong and delicious! 
We were then shown to our table where we found birthday cards for each of us signed by Chef Sbraga and were greeted quickly asking for our water preference and going over the set up of the menu. 
We tried to order quite a few different options to share: 
Truffle Popovers: One of the most delicious bread services I have ever had.  Hot and delicious.  We each had two and probably would have had more, but were glad we didn't so we could enjoy the rest of the food fully. 
First Course
Foie Gras Soup: Perfection.  There are no other words that I can use to describe the serious deliciousness of this dish.  It was rich, hearty and light at the same time, and so silky. I must love my husband because I didn't cut off his hand when he kept reaching in to steal more of my precious soup. 
Pork Belly with chili oil: Delicious and surprisingly light for pork belly.  This was a perfectly balanced dish that would have been a standout anywhere else, but I definitely won the round with the soup.
Second Course
Gnocchi, Escargot, Tom Ka Gai: We both could not pass up on this so we ordered the same dish, and in now way did I feel cheated.  This was the essence of delicious food.  Cloud like gnocchi with delicious and perfectly cooked escargot in an amazing tom ka gai broth with a bit of kick which helped to cut through the richness. 
Third Course
Spring Lamb: Delicious, though I didn't personally appreciate the raw shaved asparagus (personal preference, not a deterrent to the dish).  I enjoyed the dish, but it was not as memorable as the previous courses. 
Wagyu Beef Supplement: Wonderfully unctuous beef cheeks.  Definitely worth the supplement charge and a must try. 
Dessert
With so many interesting choices we asked our waiter for his opinion and he was quick to suggest the banana split and rice pudding. 
They were both delicious and light after such an amazing meal.  We sat for a few minutes savoring all of the interesting flavor combinations and reminiscing on one of the best meals either of us has ever had.  
The services was fantastic and we later found out that the staff had been at the restaurant from 9 am due to the PIFA street fair.  You would never have known that they had been there for more than 12 hours by the end of our meal and still going strong.  Fantastic food and fabulous service!
I will be back each and every time I return to Philadelphia which may just be more often now that I know what is waiting for me at dinner!We were here a couple of weeks ago and ordered the tasting menu for 55 dollars.  I rarely give 5 starts in any restaurant review but this was by far my best dinning experience in Philadelphia in the past year.  No complaints.  Everything was well thought out and delicious.  My wife and I picked different items in each section so we could try as much as possible - there were no bad choices.  Also, if you like bourbon and whiskey order the hammer.  It tastes like an old fashioned and is really delicious.  Top chef hype aside this is really a great place.My husband and I had a great time dining at Sbraga. The food was wonderful, especially the soup, so flavorful. It is next to the Kimmel Performing Center, made it ideal location to have dinner before enjoying a show.Vetri for Losers
Total fleecing...problems with this place started with the reservation..after I requested a table with some space I was put facing the back wall near the bathrooms and kitchen...once inside the door i needed to wait a few moments for my dinner companion and mr. manager 1 wanted to know why i was taking up his valuable entry space...once seated, the menus are stuck in your face with no options except the bird feed $55 option...lol...seriously the food was not bad except each course was only a couple bites..I needed a burger afterwards...the wine is some crappy $10 bottle and they bring it to the table and pour each glass for you to sample...and they don't bring it to you when you order..you wait until they are ready..no coffee offered or anything..you would be occupying their real estate with limited revenue  ..i tried to make a short escape to the bathroom to escape the pressure of it all..and mr. manager 2 intercepted me to literally push me to the right direction...mr. manager 1 took off once all the reservations were in...I gave them my coat check at the end and had to rerequest my bag and hat...hey listen peoples, the coatcheck takes up valuable space and we are at Pine and Broad with some serious rent...they are at that address to put a dent in your credit card balance only!!!...seriously...a total insult and disrespect to your hard earned money...STAY AWAYEverything here was "good".  But lower your expectations, especially based on some of these Yelp reviews.  Best meal of your life?  I'm not sure we were in the same place.
I'll start with the service.  We were seated at 5:15 because we had theater tickets for later in the evening and wanted to be sure we had plenty of time.  That didn't matter because we were rushed in and out so quickly, we ended up having to waste a fair amount of time with ciders at the PHS Pop-Up Garden across the street.  When we were seated the restaurant was mostly empty, with one couple on the window seat and another at the other end of two tops.  The hostess tried seating us right next to the other couple at the end, who had clearly just been seated.  This instantly made me feel uncomfortable, so I asked if we might move down one.  The hostess stared at me for a few beats with a look that said she might want to kill me.  But then she chirped, "sure, of course!" and sat us one table over. It was weird.
I had been really pumped on Yelp reviews, so I had a plan for our meal selections.  The server seemed taken aback by my speedy order, and maybe they assumed that since I ordered quickly, we wanted to be fed in an extremely fast, assembly-line style.
I ordered the drink pairing, which was, for my selections, one white wine, one rose, one merlot and a Mudslide.  It was not that impressive, and I would just order your own favorite beverages.
So, for the food.  Foie gras soup was amazing, even if you are "meh" about foie gras.  Definite must try!  The pork belly was very spicy, but delicious.  Octopus was very good, salmon not so much.  It was very rare and served with an Indian style sauce and some hard chickpeas.  I wished I had ordered the octopus.  (Which the server warned SO much about how spicy the sauce was, my husband ordered it on the side.  He then ended up using the entire sauce, it must not have been that outrageously spicy?)  The main entrees are where things got really disappointing.  I had the brisket, which was like eating a tiny, fatty square of St. Patty's day corned beef and cabbage.  My husband had the pork, which was another tiny square, but was served with a delicious square of cheese bread pudding that he liked.
After the underwhelming entrees, desserts were better.  The dirt pudding was fun and delicious and the cheese plate selections (two) were good, but could've used some more glamorous accompaniments (I just remember 4 green grapes.  There was something else, but I don't remember it).  The Mudslide was the best part of dessert.
This place is acceptable, and while my husband enjoyed not being stuffed before a show, I felt the portions were way too small for the price.  At about $100 per person after drinks and tip, we were rushed through every course and didn't enjoy them enough.We had the opportunity to attend the Cadillac Road to Table event and a wonderful opportunity it was! Each course was better than the next. We were served four courses of a sampling of the menu and each course (except dessert) was accompanied with a different wine tasting. We  started with a Ceasar Salad and Mackerel Crudo, followed by the Barley Risotto (crispy rabbit, fava beans and charred onions) and Gemelli (pasta with es cargot). The entree course was a Spring Lamb with royal trumpet mushrooms, curly cow, and sauce bordelaise. We were also served a Spanish Mackerel with eggplant marmalade, marinated artichoke, and tomatoes. We finished off with an amazing dessert consisting of Blackberry Clafoutis (créme fraiche and blackberry jam) and a cheese slate (honeycomb, fennel mostarda and date tapenade.) Although some things were interesting, and that I wouldn't come into contact with on a regular basis, (i.e. Es cargot) everything was delicious. The atmosphere was very inviting. Very intimate place, and one of my favorite details of a restaurant: an open kitchen. For anyone looking for a nice date night, I would definitely say this is a great place. I would also recommend ordering the prefixed menu since you get a taste of almost everything. You walk out perfectly filled- not over stuffed, but not hungry.  I sure hope that I have the opportunity to return in the future.Gruyere Popovers w/ Truffle Butter.
Foie Gras Soup.
Capicola Mousse.
Beef Tartare.
(Both on Toast)
Spaghetti w/ King Crab.
Saffron Risotto.
Octopus.
Carrot Cake w/ Chai Ice Cream.
Chocolate Mousse w/ Pumpkin Ice Cream.
Everything was Superb.
Delicious Food.
Very Enjoyable Dining Experience.LOL, apparently I started to write a review of Sbraga on February 23, 2013, but I guess I got lazy and never finished it.
I first met Kevin and his wife at the underground restaurant StudioKitchen when they first moved to Philly.  Attended his pop-up at Blackfish.  And I have eaten at Sbraga (and his second restaurant, The Fat Ham) many times.  Often would pop in for a drink at the bar before I recently moved back to Boston.
I guess I'm still lazy, but who really needs details when all you need to know is: JUST GO ALREADY!!!
One of Philly's best restaurants.The atmosphere served as a nice place to stop in before or following a show in Philly.  The menu offers a 4-course meal, which provided a delightful evening for myself.  I enjoy duck and loved having it as my main course here.  I started off with romaine chicken Cesar salad and the ravioli.  Both were delicious and presented excellently on my plate.
Although there was an issue in the kitchen and I had to race to attend an event with Anthony Bourdain and Eric Ripert, the restaurant accommodated by allowing me to leave and come back later for dessert.  I don't expect this to be something to reoccur but I appreciate a restaurant that can resolve issues like this.
I was disappointed in their small beer menu.  It is a restaurant that caters more to the wine aficionados.Yes three stars.  First off, the food was excellent.  If I was only reviewing the quality of the food this would be 5 stars.  The tasting 5 course prix fixe is very nice with good choices.  The portions are small but you should not leave hungry.
The foie gras with ginger soup was unbelievably awesome and rich.  The king fish sashimi was fresh and as good as I have had at nice sushi places.  The carrot rigatoni with rabbit was crispy, rich, and delicious.  My chocolate semifreddo was really yummy.  I loved all my choices and put the cooking near the best I ever had.  I wish there was more.
Now...   
The drink and wine prices are too high and too limited.  Honestly if it was a byob, I would have been happier.  Unfortunately the wine we wanted was more than both our dinners put together so i got $12 bottles of beer.  Good beer but too much.
The waiter didn't offer coffee and put the check down while we were still eating.  Apparently they wanted to please more guests and we were in the way.  The wait staff was also very young and inexperienced serving this kind of food.  They actually managed to take away from the experience which is a shame because the cooking is so damn good.
Eat at the bar.Must try!-
Black Cod: Cooked perfectly. Melts in your mouth. Went well with the accompaniments. 
Meatloaf: Bacon marmalade on top of the meatloaf. 'nuff said. Wait..I'll say more! Moist, well seasoned, perfection!
Great addition to the philly dining scene. I had an amazing meal at Sbraga about a month ago, and looking forward to the many more ahead.This restaurant was great.  Not only was the food innovative and absolutely delicious but the staff was so nice and attentive as well.Apparently celebrity chefs and I are at odds right now. Ambiance is great and the waitress was one of the best ever. But the food was just flat and disappointing. The amuse was fantastic which was a fois gras soup and then everything fell apart. It wasn't terrible but just flat and boring. First course of Cobia Crudo was flat on flavor. The lobster gnocchi which was a supplement to the menu was super lame with over cooked lobster and the saffron skate was as boring and flat flavored as a dish could be. Sbraga was actually in the restaurant but was just wondering around in a chef coat hitting on woman and not doing any actual work. Apparently he is happy with his mediocre food and more worried about selfies with Jersey house wife's.Really excellent
Service was great
Had the tasting/pairing menu
My favs were salad, pumpkin tortellini, fettucini, and pork belly
Staff was friendly and very knowledgeable
Will definitely go backFood was excellent and services was exceptional.
Everything about our meal was great. 
Our waiter and the wait staff and servers were all knowledgeable about the dishes, ingredients, and pairings. Restaurant was busy and we had reservations but didn't have to wait. They have a very good selection of brews and wine to choose from along with pairing of the food. The pre-fixe menu had a large selection and the portions are average. 
I had the beet salad with the trumpet soil - I'd buy a jar of the trumpet soil! For the fish course, I had the risotto - excellent. For the main I had the meatloaf which was interesting and flavorful. We each had different deserts and all passed them around. My favorite had the chocolate cake.
I'd go there tomorrow if I could get reservations! Good value for the pre-fixe price.
Next time I go, I'm getting a seat at the counter that overlooks the open kitchen.Went last Saturday with reservations for 8:30pm..the place was packed but we were seated within minutes.  
The decor is wonderful, I loved the wood paneling, top table facing the chef and the outfits the servers wore.  
We started with drinks and their complimentary bread type roll that was delicious!  
The food was presented beautifully and at some points very good, other times not so much. 
Good
eggplant 
potato salad
those rolls mentioned above
ok
sweetbreads
meatloaf
not very good
duck
top sirloin
The service was great and it was fun to watch the chef work.  All in all it was a nice experience but we left a bit hungry and with a bill over $200. with 1 drink each for 3 people we felt our money would be spent better someplace else.  
I really hope this place makes it and I will give it another try once the menu changes.The atmosphere was exactly how I expected it: cozy, chic, elegant. I like the style of this restaurant, too. You have 4-5 menu items to choose from for each of the four courses. It's a set $49 dinner (add $35 for drink pairing); there are specialty items for an additional price. We upped the third course to get the steak - highly recommend; it was incredible! The wait staff was very attentive, and Kevin Sbraga himself oversees the kitchen. The only downside to this place is how close the tables are together, but that's normal for center city dining.Like many restaurants in Phliadelphia that I love, Sbraga has an intimate atmosphere with a view of the kitchen. The service was great - my water cup was never empty - and not to mention, Chef Sbraga was super down to earth and charming. 
I went after enduring 2 hours of lecture, which, of course, warranted a drink (or more). I ordered the Monticello Vineyard (bourbon cocktail) per our waiter's recommendation. I normally don't like bourbon but decided to try it because the waiter was so enthusiastic about it. What a pleasant surprise!! I think I took a sip and then gobbled it down...like a lady of course. 
My friend and I both decided to do the 4 course tasting menu for $49. We both got the fois gras soup for the first course, which was rich and flavorful and wonderfully balanced. Sometimes it is really hard for me to handle more than 2 bites of fois gras but I gobbled down the soup in like 2 seconds...again... ladylike.
For the second course I ordered the Octopus with piri piri and tapenade and my friend ordered gnocchi with escargot in tom ka gai. I was not impressed with the octopus (minus one star), the texture was chewy, and the tapenade overpowered the piri piri. I was expecting extreme heat but all I tasted was olive. My friend's gnocchi, on the other hand, had a great texture, and I thought the flavor was interesting, creative, and surprisingly, pretty good. 
I ordered the meatloaf (signature dish per waiter) and my friend ordered the pappardelle with rabbit for our third course. The meatloaf was a tiny bit on the salty side but the texture was marvelous. My friend's dish lacked in presentation but made up in taste. The pasta tasted super fresh and made me happy!!!!
For dessert, I got the hazelnut praline and my friend ordered the rice pudding. We both enjoyed our dessert and left feeling full, which is a HUGE consideration for me for tasting menus. 
Overall, a great dining experience!Sbraga has been at the top of my list to try for some time now.  The atmosphere is warm and modern.  The tables are close together, so if you are looking for romance, I wouldn't say this is the place for you.  
The waitstaff is impeccable.  They were on point for all of our questions and helped guide us from course to course.
Here is the play by play:
First course: 
Him: Pork Belly - really spicy but good/Her: seasonal Heirloom tomato salad - refreshing. Is this what tomatoes are supposed to taste like?
Second course:
Him: Can't remember/Her: Escargot pasta - The lemon saved the dish, otherwise a bit boring
Third course:
Him: Brisket - amazing and tender/Her: The roast pork with provolone bread pudding - a deconstructed and fancy way to eat a Philly classic.  Very flavorful
Fourth course:
Him: Dirt pudding - best dish of the night.  It is proof that if simple is done right, it can be amazing/Her: Apple dish with granita - the granita was not my favorite, but the rest was good.
Overall it was a good experience. It was just missing that one magic moment that usually comes from restaurants of this caliber.  You know that moment, where your eyes roll into the back of your head and you know you are never going to eat this good again.  I have heard that the Chef's Counter experience is better as is doing the wine pairing with the meal.  Perhaps that is where we went wrong.Sbraga...is nothing like you'd expect. Instead of elegantly peregrinating into a darkly lit steakhouse environment with velvet booths and leather menus, you classically saunter into a a rustic-meets-modern couture. Sure there are tiny flickering candles alight on your table, and sure the booth is as comfortable as any Ethan Allen leather couch, but there's an open kitchen and a smattering of steel lines to remind you that it's 2012, not 1912.
Your meal will commence with a menu from which you are obliged to choose one item from each of three courses (and a roll that's a cross between a puff-pastry and a traditional dinner roll. Practically hollow on the inside, it's filling enough for carb aficionados but pleasing enough for Atkins lovers alike.) But for all of my dear prix-fixe fearing friends (myself included) the options are bountiful. 
For your first course, if you're weary of foie gras (though I've heard the soup is fantastic), try the salmon and frozen yogurt. The plate is food gastronomy 900 - the yogurt is yogurt, not soft serve, and its tanginess pairs succulently with oily strips of raw salmon, which melt over your tongue and spill down your throat.
Next, try the fried loberster. Yes there's a nominal supplemental fee, but it's well worth the extra coins. No this isn't your typical lobster tempura - it's a complete lobster tail meat breaded and fried in something akin to the offspring of tempura and beer batter but golden, more smooth, more crisp and less greasy. The lobster swims on a sauce of green pesto and a mayonnaise like sauce - delicious enough to scoop with your bread should you have any left.
Finally, the BBQ chicken would leave an Kansan or Carolinian pleased. It's moist, juicy and marinated just enough such that the sauce neither overwhelms nor crusts on the meat. The onion rings accompanying the cole slaw are brilliantly battered - golden, crisp and without a drip of grease. 
For dessert, opt for the mascarpone - a fluffy mildly sweet cheese sitting atop a mountain of chocolate cookie crumble and laying next to a coffee granita so smooth it could almost be italian ice, there's certain no dessert more heavenly.
...
And two notes about the service: if your first taste of wine is too dry and sour, and your second swig of another wine leaves your tastebuds crying with an insulin rush, your waiter will happily uncork another bottle of another wine, this one just right. 
If your risotto with snails isn't as creamy as you'd prefer and is slightly too salty, fear not. The manager so kindly provided a delicious lamb dish as a complimentary substitute. The warm, crisp on the edges, soft on the inside, homemade pita dipped in a creamy hummus will leave your 5 senses dancing in mediterranean rhythm.The good news - the food is good.  Based on food alone it would have been a 4 star.  I've enjoyed Kevin's food from his days at Rats and was pleased that he's as good as he was there.  The foie gras soup was incredible and the popovers were wonderful.  The Wagyu beef was excellent.  I ordered the "Saffron Bucatini" which was very ordinary.  My husband ordered the Carrot Rigatoni.  I didn't order that because I didn't want "carrot rigatoni."  What it really was was a delicious crispy rabbit dish - which I would have ordered.  Grrrr.  So don't rely on the title of the dish - read the descriptions (agreed that seems obvious).  The veal shoulder was fabulous.  
The bad news:  The restaurant feels extremely corporate.  The portions are very small (but you leave very full) so if there's something you really like you're only getting a little of it.  The wine is very measured also so its really $22 to get one proper glass.  The waiter, Benjamin, was not good.  Our reservation was for 6:45 and I felt he wanted us out as soon as possible.  He did not offer coffee (nor did we have any with desert) and he brought the bill to the table while I was still eating my desert.   That's fine for a corner Chinese take out joint with a few tables.  Not for fine dining.  For me this place  is a one and done based upon the corporate feel and the less than stellar service.  
Best advice: Kevin was and is a top chef so try Sbraga.  Have a few drinks before you get there but not enough where you're off your game to read the dish descriptions, ask for any waiter other than Benjamin or eat at the bar.  With liquor off the bill, $55 bucks for the prix fixe is a good deal....oooo, this one was super-bad...
 2 stars only because I liked my other experiences here so much better (but they were not recent). If it were only due to an isolated item or 2, there'd be no need for this review.  Unfortunately, it was not.  To the lads in the kitchen, you need to step up the game.  
First the good points:  The foie gras soup...  always excellent.  It's creamy, not too rich, salty, a little spicy, different, delicious...  I love it.  Cheese selection... haha, I know - admittedly hard to screw up, but they made good choices and provided a decent portion.  Our waiter (Jason, I think) was very good too. 
The chef was the problem here.  If you don't want meat, you're not going to find much.  If you do like meat, you're not going to get much.  My friend's beef brisket entree was 1 cube of beef - if you had 12 of them you might fill an ice cube tray.   
Escargot with pasta shells... the combo seemed a risky bet.  You lose big when the pasta shells are almost as hard in the center as the snails' missing homes.  And no, it wasn't al dente (I like that).  Please cook the pasta.    
Do you enjoy pork fat? bacon? speck? thick cuts? Doesn't really matter b/c you won't find it in this "pork belly."  One of the most universally overplayed items on across town, this rendition stands out as the most confused "pork-based" first course ever.  My friend received 8 1x4 inch strips that closely resembled quality bacon (mmm...), but only in 2D as they were sliced so thin that they were practically holographic.  They were, however, wide enough to hold the burgeoning load of chili oil, hot pepper and other indiscernible spices that the chef heaped on.  When I tried it, the cruel trick became obvious.  All that that warm, smoky, fatty pork belly goodness for which I had hoped was mere illusion on the plate, replaced by pure heat.  It's was like the cinnamon challenge, only much pricier and for grown-ups.  
Tortuous proportions of heat were a common theme appearing also in the veg, like the broccoli rabe that accompanied my roast pork entree.  Thank god that it too was a thimble-sized portion.  I love hot food, and spice, but c'mon people.  It was ridiculous.  
Beets, pickles and "bacon-like" things were all the rave on Sbraga's plates.  It really made me realize how much I hate that.  And while I also often disagree with our resident James Beard Award-winning "expert" food "journalist", and wish he would find work that required him to keep his inarticulate, cynical, simpleton and always profane thoughts out of all published media, as I ate my 1/32nd-of-an-inch-shaved pickles off the plate in a vain attempt to chase the heavy spice off my tongue, I found myself in violent agreement with his S**% That Has to Stop Right Now as relates to Sbraga (though I suspect he might have aimed his torpedo at Farmer's Cabinet).  The food that showed up on Sbraga's dishes has certainly had it's run in the mainstream, and I'm sorry to say, but maybe so has Sbraga.  +1 to Mr. Sheehan.Everything that passed my lips was delicious during my two visits. You get a good amount of amazing food for a reasonable prix fixe. I can't rave enough about the Foie Gras Soup...a great way to start a delicious meal. It looks like prices have gone up since I last visited, but I still plan to head back.Was not disappointed. The place is cool, and was quite on an early evening. Service was super friendly, actually our waiter was almost too chatty...but it felt genuine. The food was excellent. Interesting but clean flavors, simple dishes for the most part that weren't clunky. Bright and sharp use of herbs. We expected a lot and Sbraga delivered. Hoping to run into the Top Chef himself next time (he was not there on our first visit). Good job, Kevin and staff!Visit #1: I loved everything about this place. I had the $45 menu with the wine pairing. Everything was paired well without the heaviness. A lot of the menu items are Asian inspired. It's pretty loud inside but you hardly notice since it's more of a trendy, hip place than a formal restaurant. The cocktails are great as well.
Visit #2: I had to change the stars from 4 to 5 because of my recent experience at Sbraga. I went there for the Angelo Sosa event ($100 for a 5 course meal and a book signing). The food was good, not GREAT like Sbraga's food because nothing was substantial. The ingredients used for the course meals were not highly priced items. Not to say food has to have expensive ingredients for it to be good but if I am paying a lot of money, there's a certain minimum criteria in mind. Also, Angelo was supposed to come around and sign the book but he got so wasted that this didn't even take place at the table. The server realized this and tried to get something going but he was really, really drunk. Finally, 2.5hrs later (I am not exaggerating), we went to the bar (where he was) and got signatures. A couple next to us didn't even stay around and they left. Bottom line: please don't have guest chefs get drunk and where is the GM in all this? However, I must say that the servers were great and that Angelo and Sbraga seems very nice but I was a bit miffed that I had to wait so long for an autograph.Foie Gras Soup, lets be honest, we've all heard about it. Regardless of your feelings of foie gras (either in beliefs or in taste) you will love this soup.  It's great. 
Eggplant, this is what I ordered.  Very good, but it was no foie gras soup.
Gruyere popover is obviously a favorite at the table; crispy yet fluffy on the outside while being warm and cheesy inside.  Not too over powering in flavor but just right.  
Risotto was outstanding.  This was my favorite of the night.  The black truffles mixed with the crispy flake of what I believe is a parm crispy and some sort of squash puree (note i'm totally guessing, i just went to their menu online to confirm but their menu on their website is not up to date).
Meatloaf, mixed reviews, it was good but it wasn't meatloaf.  It was more of a light meatball with foie gras as the binding.  It was a nice take on meatloaf.
Lamb, I'm glad this is what i ordered.  I love lamb. It was very approachable.  The lamb itself was small, but perfectly cooked.  The lamb belly was new to me.  I liked it.  It's different than porkbelly but has all the same characteristics of 'a belly'. 
Gnocchi, very light and fully (as you would expect it to be) we ordered this for the table as we all wanted to try it.  I'd suggest the same to you.
As for drinks, the wine pair is the way to go.  I'd rather not think about what I want to drink.  For the actual wines themself, let me know what you think.
As for cocktails - la vie en rose was outstanding.  I took a picture of it so check it out.  I'd order that again anytime. 
Sbraga is going to be a great great restaurant.  It's new to the market and has lots of eyes watching it.  I think for the four course dinner and wine pairing it is an excellent deal with some quality ingredients and preparation.Philly is a great restaurant town; no doubt about it and Sbraga is a terrific addition. Went in a little skeptical because of the Top Chef buzz but Kevin is the real deal not some TV wannabe. Went with the tasting menu and  each course was better than the next.  Dessert was a complete home run.  Despite some comments to the contrary, service for us was excellent and I really like the space. Wine list is a little funky but some excellent Malbecs.  Don't forget to start with a custom cocktail because those are killer too.Wonderful Staff & A Wonderful Meal makes for a Fabulous Experience.
Our server was Megan. She was knowledgable, personable, funny, witty, discreet (in just looking at me and didn't have to ask if I wanted another sangria - I just had to nod!) One person at our table had the beverage pairing with his meal and each time she arrived with a new beverage after we all recieved our next course, she gave a mini lesson on either the origin of the drink or why it paired well with the course. It was interesting and not forced nor did it come off rehearsed. It was like she was having a conversation with a new friend and was excited to tell them about it.
The pricing was a steal and I would have easily paid more for the 4 courses. It was a steal at $49.00 per person (beverage pairing is additional $35.)
First Course:
Shrimp Scampi Soup with Popcorn. Nope, you did not read that wrong...I said popcorn folks! My friend and I both ordered this choice and were a bit disappointed when we recieved our small crocks with no popcorn in sight. It wasn't until my 3rd spoonful did I recieve a small little popcorny crunch. I haven't the slightest idea how they kept something crunchy in the velvety cream based soup but they did. It was a nice surprise and something that was immediately sampled around the table. (Yes, we are those people that try each other's food...we only dine with other foodies that are like this. **We ask for extra clean folks and spoons when needed**)
Second Course:
Grilled Octopus. A new texture for me as I have only had octopus prepared as sashimi in the past. It was not mushy, not chewy and not 'seafoody'. It was just right. Complimented by a spicy sauce *that Megan forwarned me about before I placed my final order* and crunchy chick peas and asparagus. A nice change and a very light course.
Third Course:
Spring Lamb. I don't do lamb normally. Had it many years ago presented as "lamb lollipops" at room temperature and DID NOT like it. But I was up to try it just one more time. Megan explained how it was prepared....slow roasted for 8-10 hours and the lamb was local and butchered at their restaurant (obviously guaranteeing peak freshness). Welp, I am now a believer in lamb and want to try to make this at home. It fell apart with a simple touch of my fork. Moist and flavorful with complimenting subtle spiced and pearl onions. 
Fourth Course:
I went for the cheese plate which was the perfect ending to my meal. An Asian Pear Jam, Cow's Milk Cheese the texture of Gruyere, little red grapes and a zippy gorganzola cheese to round out my plate. This will their divine fresh press coffee - (try it without sugar....it's that good).
Lastly I need to make mention of the freakin' amazing bartender that makes a White Sangria like no other that I have ever had. Any sangria experiences after Saturday will be ranked againest yours, they were THAT TASTY!!
Would definately go back to see what culinary adventures they have to offer when the menu changes!Book early as this restaurant fills up quickly and after visiting I see why.  Excellent visit from the food to the service - stellar in every way.  The atmosphere is definitely high energy as one would expect with a completely full restaurant.  The seating is tight but is to be expected.  As long as people can keep their voices in check you'll have a delightful time...
The basics - 4 courses for $49.  There's an optional $35 beverage pairing which mixes cocktails/beer/wine per course choice.  I can't tell you what an exceptional value I thought this to be based on both the quality and portion size.
The food was all exceptional with every plate arriving as a work of art.  The foie gras soup is one of the best things I've ever eaten.  The pork belly with chili oil and cucumber was perfectly spiced and refreshing.  The sea bream, calamari, broccoli, ink, and pork belly looked like a painting that belongs in the Philadelphia Museum of Art - fantastic presentation and combinations that worked perfectly. The gnocchi with escargot and tom ka gai was another highlight.  My wife and I ordered in harmony so we could sample a good portion of the menu.  Well played, well played...
We didn't get the beverage pairing opting only for a couple cocktails.  They were both great, but the Log Cabin (Rye, Dolin Rouge, Maple-Bacon) was out of this world.  The perfect drink for the very chilly night we visited.  Absolute perfection and I can't wait to return.  The hype is truly worth it.Eh, worth the 45 for the four course tasting menu but fyi that all the wine is wildly expensive (with the exception of a couple beers), pretty much forcing you to do the wine tasting (30/person).  
 I would not go again or recommend it to friends. We had 7:30pm reservations, and we left at 10:35pm. There was a forty minute wait between the second and third course (yeah, I know) with no explanation. The quarters are extremely tight, so needless to say we heard multiple conversations that we probably should not have. And to the couple next to us, you really don't need a wine journal, no one needs a wine journal.
For vegetarians, the options are limited and the gnocchi is drenched in butter to a disgusting degree. 
Dishes we enjoyed (kinda): beet salad and eggplant terrine; lamb (though was very fatty) over lamb belly; fish and chips (prob the best dish of the night); apple strudel-ish dessert and the mascarpone dessert.
Not so great: Risotto and gnocchi, plus at times the lamb. Also, the whole overpriced wine thing was not cool.Fantastic experience. Loved the $55 tasting menu.  The foie gras soup and the spaghetti with crab were memorable dishes.  We will be back!Loved this place! The tasting menu is excellent, with extremely tasty and interesting morsels done in unique ways. Good cocktails and reasonable wine prices too. Would definitely come back!Delicious! Fois gras soup was amazing. Lighter than I thought it would be and with a layers of flavor. The pumpkin/escargot dish was great! The sauce for it is so good we dipped our bread(also great) to get it all. The Waygu beef entree and lamb were scrumptious. Waygu was so tender and the lamb was actually crispy which was a nice balance to the rest of the dish. The chocolate peanut butter bowl was awesome and had nuts at the bottom for some crunch. churros were perfect! Modern dishes with a lot of depth and creativity. Service was phenomenal! Our server had such an eye for detail. I never had to ask for more bread or silverware or etc. definitely will be back!My boyfriend took me here this past Friday to celebrate VDay. I'm a big fan of Top Chef, so I was super excited! We each ordered a cocktail and they were both very good (mine was the sangria, but it's definitely not sangria, still tasty though). They started us with the gruyere roll and then the foie gras soup. Both super yummy!! The soup was sweet but also had a kick and it was the perfect amount. I wanted another roll, it was so good!! First course we had the beef carpaccio (one of my faves) and the salmon mousse. Second course I ordered the risotto and my boyfriend upgraded to the king crab pasta. The risotto was my favorite dish of the night! The mushrooms, olives, parm cheese crisps, and the risotto was cooked perfectly! The king crab pasta was really good once I got a taste of the spice that was at the bottom (first bite I got none and it just tastes kinda plain). Third course we had the Surf & Turf and the chicken...both were good, but we didn't love either of them. I thought the pork belly wasn't cooked enough, the texture just wasn't for me. Chicken was cooked perfectly but we didn't love the sauce. For dessert, we both ordered the chocolate panna cotta...I couldn't get enough of this!! The chocolate was rich and I loved the cream and cookie crumbles on top. So good!! We both loved this place! The service was incredible too, I did feel a bit rushed at times (not super relaxing) but that's typically what happens with a 4-course meal so it didn't bother me. The wait staff was very friendly and we loved the ambiance of the restaurant. We would definitely recommend this restaurant to friends and family! Thanks Chef Sbraga!!!!Sbraga, as in the chef, is well known for his Top Chef fame. Sbraga, as in the restaurant, should be better known for its great value dinner pre fixe - 4 courses for $55. 
My friend and I dropped by Sbraga for an early Saturday dinner. Sbraga's brand name is well known for people who love watching Food Network (like myself), so I had high hopes for the restaurant. Upon arrival, my friend and I were promptly seated and were excited to start our meal.
We both started with the Gruyere Popover, which was arguably the best part of the meal! The popover was warm, cheesy, and huge. It's basically comfort food, and I almost wished we were served another one (but decided against asking for it because I knew I had to save some space in my stomach for the other courses). We were also served the foie gras soup, which was creamy and sweet - a great way to stimulate my tastebuds for the great meal ahead.
First course: escargot. It was served in a nice brown butter sauce, complete with a piece of toasted baguette to mop up the sauce. While rich and satisfying in the first bite, it got a little too much and too salty after a few more spoonfuls. 
Next course: Saffron bucatini. I love the little shreds of blue crab interspersed with the pasta, as well as the fresno chilies which added a little spice and sourness to the dish.
Third course: Golden tile fish. I absolutely loved the dish. The fish was mild and well grilled, but the star was the hush puppies that came with the dish. The hush puppies were spicy, and fried such that the exterior was crispy but the interior was still fluffy. If they served it as a side dish, I would definitely get an extra side.
Last course: carrot cake. This was an interesting spin on the typical carrot cake with cream cheese frosting, because Sbraga's version uses goat cheese. The taste was a little strong for my liking, but then again, goat cheese is typically strong, so this depends on your personal preferences.
Overall, Sbraga was extremely value for money. I would say the starters (popover and foie gras soup) were the winners of the dinner, the other dishes were well done but not out of this world. I would recommend the restaurant for a special occasion since it is a little on the pricey side, but it is definitely worth a try!A tip of the hat to everyone at Sbraga for making my boyfriend's birthday dinner absolutely perfect. We're both big Top Chef fans and I was thrilled to finally try this place last night as I loved Season 7 and seeing Kevin win. Thankfully, my expectations were met and exceeded. 
First, the space is great. It has an industrial feel with rustic wood paneling. Very pretty. Next, the service was out of this world from the second we walked in to the second we walked out which just made the whole experience even more special. 
In the dining room, they serve a tasting menu (amazingly reasonably priced) which is filled with amazing selections that change seasonally. Additionally, they have a chef's tasting table which is different night to night and overlooks the kitchen. I will absolutely try that out the next time but for this night, we sat in the dining room. 
And now onto the fantastic dishes...
Course 1: 
Foie gras soup: We ordered this because I've read it's Sbraga's signature dish and wow, I can see why. This soup was so complex. With every bite I tasted something new. I would essentially eat this soup every day if i could. 
Pork Belly with chili oil, sea lettuce and cucumber: I love pork belly and so does my boyfriend so we ordered this but to my surprise, it was served cold. I was fascinated by the cold pork belly but it totally worked. The combination of everything in the dish was great. It was rich from the pork but still refreshing and light. 
Course 2:
Octopus with piri, green beans and tapenade: This dish had some heat! Thankfully, I love spicy food but I imagine it would be a problem for some. The octopus was tender and I really enjoyed the spice in this dish. It was not a typical octopus with tapenade dish at all. 
Sea Bream, calamari, ink and pork belly: This dish was well done, but I think I discovered I'm not a big sea bream fan soo, i'd likely avoid this next time. No complaints though.
Course 3:
Parpadelle with rabbitt and bread crumbs: Oh my god. I loved this one. The pasta was perfect. The dish had the perfect amount of richness, cheesiness and crunchiness. Every bite was better than the last. 
Venison: I'm hazy on what came accompanied with the venison but one thing stood out the most and that was how tender it was. Game can get tough fast and this was not in the slightest. It was also cooked to perfection. Yum
Our waitress then surprised us with their take on a roast pork sandwich. We were close to ordering this but just couldn't see how it could work...we were dead wrong. This was a piece of pork belly with brocoli rabe and a provolone bread pudding. Talk about elevating a classic into something out of this world! 
Course 4: This is in our fridge at the moment. We were just too full to get to it but it absolutely looks great. Apparently I couldn't wait to write my review of this meal. :)
To sum up, I'm already thinking about my next trip to Sbraga. I couldn't have planned a better birthday dinner for my guy thanks to this place. To cap off the night, they sent us home with a signed menu for the birthday boy. Thank you Sbraga for a fantastic meal and night!Is Kevin Sbraga trying to make up for under seasoned food from his top chef season? The meal was mediocre at best. I upgraded the second course to the gnocchi and lobster. There were only a handful of gnocchi that were starchy and dense. The lobster was overcooked. For an $18 upgrade I expected the food to be cooked correctly. The surf and turf platter was basically 1 oz of lamb and fish with greens on top. It was salty I could not finish it despite its minute portion size. Save your money, there are tons of better restaurants in Philly.My wife and I went to Sbraga last night for our second wedding anniversary, and although it left me wanting more (literally, for the price we paid I'd prefer to not still be a little hungry when I leave) it was a very fine dining experience.  We are big fans of top chef (we have also been to Laurel by Nick Elmi) so we have been looking forward to going here and they didn't let us down.  The service was impeccable, I'll waiter Jared was fantastic and had no problems answering our 100 or so questions about the menu.  That's part of the experience that we enjoy going to a restaurant  like this, getting to try things we typically couldn't or wouldn't.  
The menu options I thought were good, it's a 4 course Prix fixed menu, with option to do a 6 course at the open kitchen where you can watch the chefs at work.  The open kitchen and overall atmosphere of the place was also enjoyable, very eat for my wife and I to have a conversation, and not your typical restaurant style classical music playing in background.
I understand the portion sizes at these restaurants aren't gonna be big, but for the entree portion I would like just a little bit more.  My wife's fish couldn't have been more than 3-4 ounces, it was all so good we just wanted more.  But I would recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for a fun, fancy night outSbraga was a late night after show find.  The Broad street location perfect for a short stroll from the theater.  We had the 4 course menu which was an affordable 49.00 you can also wine pair if you choose.  We had very interesting dinners including a great soup that was prepared and poured at the table.  The presentation was good and the flavor was good.  The portion size is small compared to other restaurants.  Very interesting choices with differing foods you don't see all the time like octopus and  all American meatloaf.  The meatloaf was good and tender.  Dessert was also good.  Overall this is an experience.  Beware you might leave a bit hungry but you will have great food.  Great wine and bar selections too.Ladies and Gentleman, please take note: Sbraga is customer service done right...very right! Not only did the hubby and I make a reservation for 9:15 (about 45 minutes before closing time), but our experience was the absolute best since we've been in Philadelphia. Check out the deets below!
Sparks:
The hostess and server were very welcoming, warm, and didn't seem rushed by our late appearance.
The hostess used my name in her greeting (almost as cool as when they do it at the Ritz). 
The server asked if we'd ever dined with them before and then proceeded to explain how the restaurant menu was structured, how the selections were seasonal, and then recommended his favorite selections. While this didn't quite meet the expectations I spoke of on my site, he came the closest out of all the restaurants I've dined at previously.
The bartender, Sasha, is seriously one of the restaurant's best assets. She has a magnetic personality and came over to check to see if our drinks were satisfactory.
 There were servers who came around to ensure our water glasses were filled, as well as those who brought around their signature popovers (yum!).
The server kept our table clean and folded our napkins when one of us left the table.
As expected, everyone we came across was clean, professional, and personable.
I received 1,000 dining points on Open Table (likely due to the time of the reservation)!
Check out the rest of the review = http://mayispeakwithyourmanager.com/post/24883184177/restaurant-review-sbraga-philadelphia?og=1This place in my opinion is just good. It's sold as a high end place, but compared to other remarkable Italian restaurants in Philly (I'm looking at you Vetri), I see it as one tier below the Italian restaurants I'm sure it's comparing itself to. The popovers were good, but not as delicious as I've had at Barclay Prime. The food itself is also solid, but again, it's a place that other people love, but for me, it is not going to be the first place (nor in top 10) that I recommend for people asking for a high dining place.Love love love!! One of the best meals I've ever had.  It was cool to see Kevin there, and very exciting to know he was helping prepare our food!
1-5 Scale:
Overall: 4.5 (see why, towards end.)
Service: 5
Food: 10
Ambiance: 4 (it was rather noisy and we could hardly hear each other!)
Long review ahead..
We did the 9 Course Tasting Menu, for $110 (they describe the courses before you order and can accommodate allergies, etc.) It includes dishes that are on and off the menu. We also did the wine pairing for $65, which my one friend and I split since we couldn't imagine doing this for NINE courses (we'd be on the floor!)
Another yelper mentions that the menu is not very vegetarian friendly, and I agree with that. There are only 1-2 vegetarian option for each course and with it being a pre fixe menu, you HAVE to choose something for each course.
Also, there is a garage right next to the restaurant costs only $10 on the weekends. (Super convenient!)
We arrived 20 minutes late and called ahead to let them know. (Note: Holidays = Traffic.) Our party of three arrived and we were seated promptly.
Tip for the hostesses: When you ask if we are celebrating anything and we say no, leave it at that! We were trying to surprise out friend and that was blown by the hostess insisting someone told her it was a bday.
From the reviews we read we interpreted service to be pretty much hit or miss and it took us about 20 minutes to get our menus and water so we prepared for poor service. However, our server was incredibly helpful and all of the runners and other servers were also very helpful and knowledgeable about the food and wine. 
I'm going to try my best to recall each dish but I may be a little off in some instances and these are definitely not the official names of these dishes..
First: Lobster Celery Mousse: This dish was DELICIOUS. It was a very unique dish, with bits of lobster on top of the "celery mousse"
Second: Crudo with thinly sliced jalapenos and ranch popcorn: Unfortunately I don't recall the type of fish, but this was my FAVORITE dish of the night. Just the right amount of sea salt and jalapeno (I don't eat spicy but it was perfect). The wine paired with this was spot on, too.
Third: Foie Gras Soup: This is on the menu and were my two friends' favorite dish of the night. It was creamy and at just the right temperature.
Fourth: Black Cod: We expected this dish to be very Asian but it actually wasn't! This, too was delicious. The Bok Choy was flattened and went through some process and had an interesting taste to it. The cod was cooked to perfection.
Fifth: Beef with Soy-type Glaze and Asian Vegetable: Sorry, I really don't recall what accompanied the Beef, but it was delicious! This dish was Asian inspired and very tasty.
Sixth: Meatloaf with Potato Puree and Bacon Marmalade: This dish was a tad spicy and I think it had cranberry marmalade rather than bacon or with the bacon and no being a cranberry fan, I took this off. The meatloaf was very flavorful and a nice texture. The potato puree offset the meatloaf nicely with the creamy texture and flavor.
Seventh: Cheese Plate: This was a little disappointing because I was expecting bites of a variety of cheese, but there was just a 1.5" square of cheese with a slice of bread and some veggies. The cheese was good, but very difficult to eat since it was harder so when I tried to cut it, it just kept sliding and sending pieces everywhere.
Salad: My friend hates cheese so they were kind enough to substitute it with another dish; in this case, salad. It was a bit bitter though since there was too much dill.
Eighth: Coconut Sorbet with Toasted Coconut Shavings: This was DELICIOUS! The coconut flavor was very understated and brought out by the toasted coconut shavings. Great palette cleanser. Even our friend who is not a coconut fan loved this!
Ninth: Pumpkin/Ginger Mouse over Gingersnap crumbles: I hate ginger; the pumpkin part was a bit less ginger-y so to me it was just OK but the consistency and texture were perfect. The pumpkin seeds were delicious, they were like peanut brittle but with sugar.
The entire meal was absolutely amazing! The food was so delicious, I forgot to drink my wine for most of the courses.
Our server was very accommodating and took the time to explain each dish and wine to us and answer our questions when we had any.
This would have been a FLAWLESS experience except that on the way out, I apologized for taking so long and the manager had the audacity to say "OK, NOW you apologize on the way out.." The was completely uncalled for and downright RUDE! Having waistressed, I know you want to turn tables, but really? 
We were only the second party do the 9 course tasting menu so they do have some kinks to work out, so don't blame us for taking long to enjoy our 9 course meal.
So this would have been a 5 or 6 star experience but I had to dock 0.5 stars for that.
Hopefully we will make it back soon, Sbraga seriously induces drool.Absolutely incredible menu! The chef offers a collection of eclectic foods that you will not find in many restaurants. I love the fact that you can put together your own pre-fixe and they will pair it will wine and/or beer for you. Very creative restaurant. Would definitely visit this place again.This review is long overdue. Sbraga somehow managed to exceed my unattainably high expectations. The highlights of the meal were the foie gras soup, sweetbreads, meatloaf, popover, and mascarpone/coffee granita dessert. Four courses for $45? It's robbery. 
The service was excellent, our waiter went into great detail about the specifics of each course option and helped to guide our decision. The ambiance and decor is spectacular, I love the blend of natural woods and industrial loft elements. Mr. Top Chef did a wonderful job and even made his way around the restaurant to greet a number of the guests. 
My only, and very minor, complaint is the bathroom hallway. I was waiting for someone to exit the restroom and felt like no matter where I stood I was in someone's way. (The waitstaff uses this as a walkway, and there is a waitstaff kiosk in the hall as well). I'm not sure what can be done about that, just thought I'd put it out there.Delicious for most of the courses. Foie gras , salmon mouse one of the more intriguing amazing combination of flavor and texture , rigatoni with pork shoulder is amazing , surf and turf was pork belly and squid was basic, I was disappointed after so many wonderful dishes then this being brought out , pork belly seemed to charred on the outside, not much flavor, for the third course maybe a larger portion , and the Bavarian was mediocre TOO MUCH SALT for me, my other half got the macaron which was fantastic. Mainly the third course needs to be amped up in many ways. Overall great experience would return in 1-3 years.Invited by a good friend to a celebratory dinner, we opted for the six course tasting menu with wine accompaniment.  Most of the dishes that were served, as well as the wine pairings, were very good.  
When our waiter brought the first course, I thought it was an amuse bouche - a tiny goblet of celery custard with small pieces of lobster - it turned out to be the first course.  Small but fine.  
My friend insisted on getting the foie gras soup - it tasted true to its name, a rich broth whose main flavor was goose liver.  I actually preferred the intense spinach soup, a richly tasting emerald broth that looked and tasted great.  
Next came the highlight of the evening:  an expertly cooked piece of sea bass on a bed of home-made orecchiette.  The pasta was superbly prepared, I would love it as a separate course.  The small piece of "Kobe" beef (Wagyu beef) of the next course was cooked just right (medium rare), the sides forgettable.  The ubiquitous Wagyu beef (in the US, mostly a cross-bred Angus) has about as much in common with the deservedly famous Japanese Black as a strip-mall tuna roll with Tsukiji bluefin.  Still, a rich tasting little morsel to please any carnivore.
The last two courses, a small cheese plate with two local cheeses, served with toasted nut-raisin bread (Metropolitan?) and a raspberry tartlet with a good raspberry sorbet made for a fine if unspectacular finish.  
I enjoyed the wine selection that came with the tasting menu but some of the wines served to us came from the very bottom rest of the bottle and this did affect the quality of the wines (I don't know how long the bottle was open but in the case of the White Bordeaux dessert wine, it was too long).  Also, our waiter uses the word "Sauternes" a lot when the dessert wine was clearly not a Sauternes.  Just how much better the wines could taste from a freshly opened bottle became clear when we tasted the final wine - a sprightly recioto from the Veneto - twice:  once in its dulled end-of-the-bottle form, the other time in its lively freshly openend version.   If you have the nerve, it might be a good idea not to accept too many wines that have been opened a long while ago.
Sbraga is deservedly popular (event though the late night dining scene is not yet well developed).  I want to go back and try more dishes from the enticing a la carte menu.4 course fixed price is $49.  So this might be a place for a special occasion for some.  There are supplemental courses fore xtra money. wine pairing adds more to your bill.  My first course,the lobster roll ( supplement)  was excellent.  These courses are small but the tastes and presentations were fabulous.  My second course was trout.-- also great. My final course was duck.  Exquisite!!.  Not since a restaurant in New Hampshire t which specialized in duck have I had such a wonderful preparation.  Finally, for dessert some kind of cake with a dob of ice cream. Good and wanting more.  You do not come away full but just right for some.  Others might want larger portions.  In the end I would go back in a minute as things change and I can;t wait to experience other things on Chef Sbraga's innovative menu and preparations. 
1/5/14
A. LoevHad dinner at Sbraga for the first time as a business dinner, party of 4 with an out of town guest. The only choice was the $55 prix fixe dinner and well worth the price. Small plates but I don't like large portions (unlike others from Philly) and each course was excellently prepared.  Wonderful service and it was busy on a Monday night. Definitely on my list of places to return soon.The food here is outstanding. I never visited this restaurant in the four years I lived in Philadelphia, and realized I had made a serious mistake when I had a chance to go on a visit back here for work.  I will definitely be revisiting this restaurant as I visit Philly often. Wish I had more chance to explore here while I was here! 
Meals are prix fixe, and a bargain given the amount of quality food you'll receive.  The gruyere popover and the and foie gras soup are outstanding, and were actually among my favorite dishes here. I would also suggest the escargot, they do a great job at replicating what used to be one of Le Bec Fin's bread-and-butter dishes. 
In New York, this meal would easily cost $100+ per person, so $55 is a killer bargain.Wow. Absolutely wow.
I have to say that this was my favorite dining experience in the city, so far. Everything is so original and Sbraga doesn't have the pretentiousness of other fine dining establishments in the city. 
We sat at the chef's counter and did the duck supplement. The foie gras soup is as good as they say. It truly is a beautifully complex yet absolutely perfect dish. The duck was very good. So moist and decadent. Frankly, there was not one dish that didn't feel complete or finished. I absolutely cannot wait to return. 
The price is well worth it. The menu is a $55 fixed price four course meal with additional supplements which you can opt in for (like the duck). Although this price may sound expensive to some, I feel as though I've paid much more for much less in this city.
One last note: the service here is always amazing as well. We had been in for drinks before and the bartender, Jesse was incredibly knowledgable and friendly in leading us around the cocktail options.I'm a big Top Chef fan and have been waiting anxiously for Kevin, winner of Top Chef last year, to open his Philly location.  I've eaten there three times, and it was worth the wait.  Love seeing Kevin in the kitchen every time I've been there.  Its an amazing value at $45 for the tasting menu, and the wine pairings were superb.  I let the staff pick the wine for each course, also a good value for what you get.
Not every dish was perfect, but overall a very refined and interesting dining experience.  The foie gras soup is amazing, so complex and interesting.  I did find some of the dishes either too busy or too simple, but never boring.  And over the course of my visits, some items changed indicating the chef isnt shy about trying new items.
Definitely a place for foodies who arent afraid to try something new and dont get bent out of shape by the occasional miss.  Keep going Kevin, I'm a fan!Just finished celebrating my husbands bday and it was a perfect dinner.  The food, service, atmosphere and decor was all top notch.  Great craft cocktails and excellent beer and wine list.  The gruyere popovers were yummy.  I will def be back again and can't wait to try The Fat Ham.Went to dinner at Sbraga for my girlfriend's birthday dinner. We couldn't have been happier. The food was delicious and the service was very friendly. What more can you ask for. They had even left a little birthday card signed by the chef at our table when we got there. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for a good meal that's a little out of the box.Came here for their 4 course meal for $55, which also came with a foie gras soup and gruyere bread as a starter. Now these first 2 items alone were AMAZING, but those weren't even the 4 course items! I know their menu rotates so I won't speak to the specific items, but everything here was AMAZING and everyone here was AMAZING. I don't use the word AMAZING lightly but I've definitely maxed out on the usage for this review!Food: My favorite meal in Philadelphia. My parents are from NYC and this is the only place they will have dinner in Philadelphia with me. Four courses for $50 is a steal for food this good. Their menu changes, but I have been here five times now and everything has been solid. Amazing drinks too.
Atmosphere: Fancy, but not at all pretentious. Clean. 
Service: Perfect.One of the best new restaurants of 2011 - 
It's always so awesome to see a hometown kid make good.  And good indeed,  humble Kevin Sbraga is one of our own, and after garnering fame and the top spot on Top Chef, he came back and gifted us with his namesake, casual, nouveau Américain restaurant with an approachable and delicious menu and amazing wine selections situated on the corner first floor, uber-visible lot at the Symphony House.  (aside: Jen Carroll, what are you waiting for?)
The interior is cool and elegant - with reclaimed accent wood walls and white marble bar countertops and cozy seating - and the voyeur in me always digs an open kitchen, too. Love!  
Service is affable, friendly, generous - from the hostess, servers, to the bartenders are smiling, energetic - even the maître d' -  is there to check in on you -  Their sommelier is engaging, knowledgeable and shared a wealth of information over a particular bottle we enjoyed (and ended up buying a couple for holiday gifts - thank you for the recommendation!)  It's refreshing to go into an establishment and encounter a staff that is engaged and exciting - it always elevates the entire experience.
Their four course tasting menu and beverage pairings is definitely the way to go - (although, don't let me deter you from the chef tasting menu either, a journey unto itself) and from their delicious cocktails, gruyère and truffle(!) popovers, foie gras soup (!), to their black cod and spicy kimchee, meatloaf with bacon marmalade,  and finishing off with a mascarpone, coffee granita and chocolate dessert, aside from my favorites, there is not one menu item that I wouldn't devour and rejoice at every bite.  
Definite dining destination.
Sbraga is here to stay.Phenomenal meal filled with 4 courses full of culinary delight. If you walk away hungry that means you're not appreciating the delicious creativity of good food. I'd highly recommend Sbraga! And Jessie is a great server :)I'm a bit torn about my experience here.  The restaurant has a great vibe, and the service was excellent.  But somehow, 2 of my courses were excessively salty: Foie Gras Soup and the Pork Belly with Chili Oil.  The Foie Gras Soup was so salty, I had to send it back after the 2nd spoonful.  
In exchange, the ordered the Pork Belly.  However, I found the pork belly strips themselves to be overly salty as well, but the chili oil and the chilis help neutralize some of that saltiness.  
The restaurant did something wonderful and unexpected -- I was given a comped order of the Beef Tartare, which I thought was one of the best dishes I had that night.  The Escargots were enjoyable, but my main course of the Pork Loin was a little dry and needed more seasoning.  
The dessert rounded out the dinner in a positive way as the curry in the tapioca pudding gave it a nice flavor twist, and the berries in it were refreshing.
Next time I visit Philly, I would love to give this place another try.  Everything about this place is really good, and I just like to believe that this may have been an off-night, if not for the restaurant, then perhaps my taste buds (though I'm usually pretty heavy handed with seasoning)...Food was just OK.  1st course - shrimp bisque (salty), venison foie gras (not my cup of tea).  2nd course - octopus (excellent), pumpkin tortellini (ok).  3rd course - lamb (salty), fettucini (ok). dessert course - rice pudding (good) and chorros/coffee creme brulee (ok).
It did not meet expectations for taste and certainly not for what they're charging.  The bright spot of the night might have been my drink called "The Bell Hop" (pisco, bell pepper, ginger).
Would not go again.Four course meal is the way to go! My husband and I were able to get a ressie on very short notice on opentable. Staff was so friendly and accommodating. Our food was excellent. Must try the foie gras soup and roast pork. Next time we go, we'll definitely do beer or cocktails instead since we found out that they mark their wines up approximately 400%. Kind of ridiculous......Last night I went to fat ham and after doing some researchand not knowing where to go, I decide to try sbraga, fat hams sister restaurant.   Sick sick place.  The food is insanely delicious and beautiful to just look at.  I sat at the bar and the experience was amazing.  I had a sick view and the young chef was very cool.  The bar guy took my order and I let him choose for me.  I had the antipasto,  bucatini, spring lamb and lastly the malted semifeddo.  Everything was out of this world.  They also started me with a foie gras soup with some lemon grass n thai chili which was to die for.  I wanted to lick the plate.  Top 5 soups ive ever had.  The bartender did a great job choosing but he was also very hospitable and great at his job.   I didnt think there were restaurants this good outside of New York in the northeast but I was def wrong.  If you are in phily try sbraga and then fat ham.My husband and I went to Philadelphia for the weekend to celebrate our birthdays, and so that gave us only two dinners to plan. After doing some research, I could hardly believe what a deal Sbraga was offering and we had to try it. It was such a great choice as the service was very friendly and the food was amazing and a deal for 4 courses you can't match in Manhattan. Standout items included the truffle oil and gruyere pop-overs, Tennessee hot chicken, roast pork belly and the cocktails.Atmosphere and service are spot on. Food was variable. 
Our waitress was really perfect, always there at the right moment, helpful and cheerful. Really could not ask for better service. 
For $45 for a four course dinner on south broad you really can't complain too much. But you can eat better than this. Several dishes were over salted or over spiced. Grilled octopus really doesn't need all that spice to be good, just grill it properly and dress it with a bit of oil and salt and it's amazing. Overcook it and overspice it, and it doesn't work. 
Greek salad was delicious. 
Wogyu carpaccio was very good, nice mix of flavors. 
Pork was salty and fatty and dry. Accompanying bread pudding was excellent. 
Lamb rigatoni was very good, but over spiced. 
Desserts were just ok. 
Drinks were very good.Really great restaurant from top to bottom. Ambiance, food, service, the works. I have eaten at a lot of great restaurants and this compared very very well with more expensive places I have eaten at in NYC or San Francisco. I am always a fan of the prix fixe - like variety and not having to make choices. Definitely worth checking out.First visit will garner many returns. We got sucked in by the Chef's counter Southern inspired tasting menu and were totally impressed. Chef Kevin was not in this night, but Chef Jose and rest of team (Colin, Amy, Michael) made the night special.
Menu
- Duck Fat Biscuits (a little house made green pepper onion jam?) Nice start
- Pimento Cheese Stuffed Jalapeño (beer-battered, surprisingly light)
- Collard Green Oyster Rockefeller (paired with a french sparkler, collard greens cut through the richness of the oyster and pancetta)
- Eggs and Grits, Prosciutto,  Bacon Crumble (paired with a Riesling, the one questionable pairing, got a little lost in the dish)
- Crab Cake Fritter, Pickled Green Tomatoes (spicy Tabasco sauce made this dish, paired with Gerwurtzaminer  that was spot on)
- Tennessee Hot Chicken, Coleslaw, Brioche White Bread, Pickles, blue cheese dressing (paired with some Peach CObbler tasting moonshine cocktail that was brilliant) The cayenne-spiced chicken was some of the best fried chicken I've had
- Smothered Pork Chops, Okra Salad (paired with Pinot Noir), a definite nod to truck stop food, but way better!
- Pecan Pie, Bourbon Ice Cream (Paired with a Espresso beer aged in Bourbon barrels, great finish)
We will be returning for as many tasting menus as we can. Very creative, loved the mix of the pairings (wine, beer, and a cocktail)
Service was fantastic, chefs all were engaged in the dinner, and open to comments and questions we had.The food was wonderful.  The food parings were well thought out, and the seasoning was spot on.  The Amuse Bouche was a Foie Gras soup that was the highlight of the evening for me, except maybe the beetroot ice icream and chocolate macaroon.  Our server was attentive and thoughtful.  My only complaints: the Spring Lamb dish could have used more acid to cut the richness of the bernaise sauce, and there are far too many tables in the small restaurant.  I could barely get out from behind my table, and walkways are blocked by badly placed tables.Excellent restaurant from Top Chef winner Kevin Sbraga.
Service was great and food was top notch:
- Foie gras soup (his famous dish)
- Grilled octopus
- Lamb rigitoni
There's a 4 course tasting menu for $50, which is a steal compared to some of the other top restaurants in the city.Sat at the bar. Service was top notch! Amazing signature cocktails. The bread was delicious and so was the Cobb salad - which I highly recommend. The following two dishes were enough to drop this review two whole stars: foie gras soup was overly heavy (two bites was sufficient) and the shrimp entree way TOO SALTY to the point of being inedible. Really, a shame. The great service may be enough to give it a second try, though...Magic. Pure goodie magic.
I enjoy a good meal, and I don't subscribe to the "only on special occasions" mentality because life is a special occasion, so try this place even if it's a random tuesday. They really took the time and effort to make the entire experience for the patron to be amazing. 
The sangria is delicious, I enjoy wine, I love sangria- this doesn't disappoint.
The foie gras soup is still something I talk about because took me by surprise. I mean hey, I like foie gras but I'm not a junkie and usually find it to overtake the plate but this is creamy, a bit spicy and just enjoyable.
The spicy octopus is exactly that, spicy. So if you're looking for a little heat that is definitely the dish for you.
The meatloaf is for me was unexpected because it's something that most people grow up with eating so you think you know what to expect- you don't.  When the waiter informed me that this is one of their signature dishes I quickly understood why. Yes this meatloaf is savory and comforting which is what you're expecting, but it's not super heavy and it doesn't make you feel like you need  a nap. 
This place is just amazing and I am really looking forward to coming back.love sbraga!!! one of the best restaurant in Philly. their food was seriously good.. i had foie gras soup, octopus, meatloaf... and enjoyed everything.This place is great! The food is excellent.
My only complaint was the green sauce for the strip steak. 
Whoa! talk about a pallet blower!   very salty and super strong. the dish does not need it and it destroys the earthy flavors of the chantrelle mushrooms. 
the trout was by far the best cooked fish i have ever had! 
it was like silk:)
everything, except that sauce, was exceptional!Let me first just say that I have officially had my mind blown by Sbraga.
It all started last week. My husband and I had our anniversary coming up this past Saturday, and we had reservations at a restaurant which shall not be named. Long story short, we got bumped. I had been dying to try Sbraga and I saw no available reservations for Saturday on OpenTable. I gave them a call thinking it was worth a shot. I explained the situation and the gentleman on the line offered me a reservation at the chef's counter for 6:30PM on Saturday! I was so floored by how accommodating they were to my dilemma, and without any hesitation or the slightest hint of annoyance. Super classy.
Saturday is finally here. We arrive at Sbraga. We are greeted at the door and instantly taken to our seat in the middle of the chef's counter. We were also given a card for our anniversary that was signed by Kevin himself- nice touch! For me, the chef's counter is definitely the way to go. You get to see all the action, and if they're not too busy, the cooks are all happy to explain anything you want or just shoot the shit with you. Unfortunately, Kevin was not here this evening, but it was still a great time nonetheless.
Our server Nathan arrived quickly and helped us with the menu- it can definitely be overwhelming because everything sounds so good!  We went with the beverage pairing to keep it simple and went with the following selections:
First-
Foie Gras Soup (me)
Pork Belly (Hubby)
Second-
Calamari (me)
Softshell Crap Special ($7 supplement- hubby)
Third-
Meatloaf (me)
Roast Pork (Hubby)
Dessert-
Roasted Red Pepper Pineapple (me)
Praline Napoleon (Hubby)
We also got to start off with some really delicious gruyere and truffle popovers. They were super hot and crispy, and the truffle was very subtle. Absolutely perfect popovers. I could make a meal just from those.
I was absolutely smitten with all of my selections. The foie gras soup was very unique and memorable- a little on the rich side, but the wine pairing helped cut through that nicely for me. I enjoyed the calamari very much as well, but the highlight of the evening for me was the meatloaf. I must give credit to Nathan on this one, because on my own I would not have given this a second look. He described it beautifully- a meatloaf of beef, pork, veal, and foie gras with garbanzo beans and the most amazing potato puree I have ever experienced. I even took a photo (and uploaded it for my Yelpers of course), which I never do. It was really beautiful and extremely memorable. The dessert was also very, very unique. The roasted red pepper is infused into the pineapple in a vacuum sealed bag for a period of time, and served alongside a very nice semi-tart yogurt sorbet. It also had a really beautiful candied pineapple slice on top.
Hubby's were all very good as well. The pork belly was just spicy enough for him (I could have used a little more heat) and his entree blew his mind just like mine did. I had a chance to try some of his and it was truly a special dish. I also highly recommend this. His dessert was also very good. I don't really like things too sweet so it wasn't something I'd order myself, but he really loved it. The sherry that was paired with it was really wonderful too. The only dish he wasn't crazy about was the softshell crab. I tasted some and I could see why, because it had slightly more shell than I'm used to, so it created an odd texture. It's a shame, because the flavors were spot-on and the crab was perfectly cooked. We probably just got an off crab or something. I'm not worried about it enough to deduct any stars, that's for sure.
At the end of the meal, Nathan brought us a little bag from the restaurant for our anniversary that included a signed menu and 2 treats for later. We ate them at home later than night and they were like peanut buttery, chocolately rice krispy treats, only super light. I really enjoyed them and it was a really nice touch.
I am so happy that Sbraga accommodated us for our anniversary. Nathan's service was outstanding and the food was very unique, delicious and memorable. The beverage pairings were also very good. We could definitely tell that each one was well thought out and not just an afterthought. I definitely recommend going with that, especially given the price of the 4 course prix fixe. Altogether, our check came to about $230 with tip. For what we had and it being a special occasion, it was very reasonable to me. I would have spent twice as much for the same at Lacroix (which I also love, don't get me wrong, but I'm not rich here!). This place is definitely 5 star worthy. I will definitely be back, and I will definitely recommend Sbraga to all my friends.Went to a dinner with a large group for a friend's bachelor party.  We enjoyed the variety of choices for the four course price fix.  I chose the Fois Gras Soup, Black Truffle Risotto, split the special 20 oz Ribeye with a friend and finished with the Chocolote Peanut Butter Bowl.  The fois gras soup as many other reviewers say, is very good.  Very nice texture with a surprising bit of spice on the back end.  The black truffle risotto sounded too good to pass up even with the up charge.  When it showed up, I was surprised at how black this stuff was and I was concerned that the truffle flavor was going to be overpowering, but it was perfect and delicious.  The risotto could have been a bit more tender but certainly not detracting.  Most of our table opted for either the lamb or pumpkin tortellini with escargot all of which got high marks, but my friend and I shared the giant steak which was the envy of all at the table when it arrived.  It was just a damn good steak served with different mushrooms.  For dessert the chocolate peanut butter bowl was just right in that it was a great size and weight for the end of that meal.  Throughout the meal we also enjoyed plenty of good wine (First Drop Mother's Ruin 2010 was a great cab), cocktails and good times.  The interior is rather small and loud but it has a really great energy so its easy to adapt especially since we were such a large group.  I certainly look forward to going back and taking the wife during my next trip into Philly.Truly a top-notch dining experience! 
I am consistently impressed by the fabulous restaurants in Philadelphia, and Sbraga is no exception. Reservations are strongly encouraged due to the popularity and the relatively small dining space. We were seated exactly at 9:00 PM as planned.
The four of us decided upon the wine pairing menu, which included four courses of wonderfulness. Each of us stretched our culinary comfort zones and tried something that we would not have ordinarily selected. This proved to be a good move, as the culinary creations along with the expertly selected wines made for a wonderful experience. 
The foie gras soup was everything that we dreamed it would be and more. I can see why Yelpers are feeling the love of this amazing dish. I probably could have eaten only that all night and I would have been happily satiated. I should have saved my gruyere popover to dip into it, but I devoured that bad-boy in seconds.
Some of our selections were:
Escargot (hazelnut, mirepoux)
Beef Tartar (toast, cherry peppers, provolone)
Hamachi Crudo (sweet potato, tigers milk, citrus)
Octopus (potato, olive tapenade, piri piri)
Gnocchi (blueberries, chevre, parsley pistou)
Spaghetti (king crab, tomato butter, Calabrian chili)
Caramel Bavarian (hibiscus, oat crumb, blueberry)
CMP (chocolate, marshmallow, and peanut butter mousse)
I love culinary combinations that make me think! 
Sbraga appears to be quite popular among locals and visitors alike. Excellent place for a special occasion or just for a night to celebrate the awesomeness of the people you love!I went here for my 9 year anniversary with my wife.    We made a reservation, but opted to sit at the bar and watch the activity in the kitchen.   We ordered off of the tasting menu and were very pleased with what we ordered.  I would never have ordered fois gras soup, but it was amazing.   Next I had the beef tartar, and that was great too.  
Watching the chef use tweezers to plate the food gives you some idea of the level of detail used in the food here.  
The design of the restaurant was kind of a rustic farm style, but done in a very hip way.    
I think an alacart menu would bring me back for more regularly.   It is a great place for a special occasion though.Great dining experience! Went here for a dinner meeting with a fairly large party. I must say our service was impeccable. I also really like the concept that you get a five course meal. We started out with a foie gras soup, then had a choice of the next four choices. Considering that I'm gluten free, some of the choices that I would have liked to pick had breaking on them, but they offered me plenty of other options and even altered a couple of the dishes to my liking. The foie gras soup was amazing! And while I couldn't eat the bread, it looked to die for, especially with the truffle butter. The antipasto salad was delicious as well with very clean but delicious notes of balsamic. The pasta course was very interesting. I ordered risotto which wasn't really risotto at all, it was actually sunflower seeds cooked to taste like risotto with wild mushrooms, a surprising winner. For my entree I had fishMy first visit to Sbraga was on Valentine's Day 2014 and our meal was nothing short of amazing... So this Valentine's Day we expected the same, if not better and once again we did not leave disappointed. Our reservation was set for 8:15, before being seated we were asked if we'd like to check our coats (a great convince for the intimate setting). After being seated menus and water were provided and the waiter explained the menus and the supplements. After a few minutes we were brought popovers with vegetable ash butter. This was a great start to the evening. The waiter returned and took our order. I went for the beef carpaccio, the pheasant fettuccine, I supplemented the steak for my third course (additional $20), and finished with the Bavarian for dessert. My boyfriend opted for the Salmon mousse, the pheasant fettuccine, the surf and turf, and the macaron for dessert. I ordered the G&T and he had the Hammer for our spirits of choice, both were delicious.
Once again the food was delicious! We are still raving about it and how full we were. After the popovers, we were presented foie gras soup that was presented deconstructed. We were given bowls with little bits of Asian part and croutons and petals to which the waiter poured the soup into. At first I was going to leave the soul untouched because I dislike liver. But being as adventurous as I am I decided to give it a shot and to my surprise I was practically licking the bowl to get every drop! Next we had our first courses, the carpaccio had just the right amount of richness, while the salmon mousse accompanied by the warm toast and pops of caviar made me close my eyes to savor every bite.
Next we both had the pheasant fettuccine which came out hot (a plus for me because I love my food piping hot). This dish reminded me of something I just could not put my finger on at the time the fettuccine noodles were more of an egg noodle and gave the feeling of being a kid enjoying my mother's homemade chicken and egg noodle soup. Something about this dish just added comfort. At this point we were both getting full but at the same time our palates wanted more.  
Next I had the most delicious, rich, buttery, juicy, flavorful, dry aged (44 days) steak that I have ever had. It was a show stopper accompanied by mushrooms and mustard greens. My boyfriend had the surf and turf which included pork belly and squid (I didn't eat any bc I don't eat pork) he stated it was delicious but not as good as my steak to which he kept stealing bites of. I didn't finish the steak and planned to take the rest for lunch. 
Finally, we had dessert. The Barbarian was that of a sweet and salty Carmel ice cream with crunchy bits and warm diced apples and what seemed to be an apple sorbet. This dessert made me soo happy that I had room for it. Quite frankly I would've made room for this masterpiece. This dessert had all the elements I like: salty, sweet, cold, warm, crunchy, & soft. I would highly recommend this dessert. My boyfriend has the macaroon (French style) which was deconstructed and had a nice citrus flavor.
All in all our visit was 5-star and we really enjoyed our food, the atmosphere, and the service. My only draw back would be I wish the offered the wine paring like they did on our first visit.Call me a hater, but nothing from my visit to Sbraga was memorable. Before arriving, I had thought of Sbraga as a great place to celebrate an occasion. We weren't in fact celebrating anything, just came for yummy food and good drinks.
We had to wait 45 minutes for our table which is never a great start, but really not a big deal if there's a bar to hang out at (which there was). As we sat, our server explained the menu and shortly thereafter brought popovers. These were good, but after waiting 45 minutes I was hungry for something a bit more substantial. We ordered all of our courses...Chicken Liver Mousse, Octopus, Duck for me and Nicoise Salad, Grilled Salmon, and Rigatoni for him. 
Everything was fairly tasty, but not amazing. With the exception of the Rigatoni, everything felt like a taste instead of a course of a meal. Very small plates. Desserts again were okay, but not very memorable (we had the cheesecake and key lime pie).
Service was good, food was good, but nothing I would run back for. In my mind, the higher price of the prix fixe dinner would afford me to leave the restaurant full or at least satisfied, but that wasn't the case. I'm glad I went, it was a nice night, but more for the company than the food. A rounded up 4 in my opinion.Sbraga was absolutlely wonderful! We were looking for a special spot to celebrate my in-laws 30th anniversary. I was a little nervous based on the comments re amount of food but to all those people I say you are not able to appreciate good food and you should visit golden corral. The food was incredible and the service divine.  I was thrilled with our waiter Jesse and everyone treated us like we were special and deserved top service. The octopus, escargot, calamari, pork and lamb rigatoni were delicious and I highly recommend this place for date night or a fun dinner out.   $49 for 4 courses was so so worth it. Skip the wine pairing!Bring back espresso and good coffee! Nothing worse than ending a great meal with a bad cup of coffee - which is what we experienced last night. For some unexplained reason, they have gotten rid of the espresso machine, and replaced it with some "fancy" hot water drip coffee making system - as our waiter described it. The coffee is weak, and worse - arrives at the table luke warm.
Otherwise - an outstanding meal!Had a terrific meal prior to an event at the Kimmel -- four course prix fixe with wine pairing.  Food was excellent and the wine pairings were really spot on.  Dessert was exceptional -- we had their "hot chocolate" and a lemon custard.
Ex-Gov Rendell was behind me in line at the hostess station, so that was pretty cool as well.  Nice guy, he recommends the Sbraga meatloaf.I don't want to hate this place.
There's was so much hype about this spot from friends and tv.  I'm sorry, it was a disappointment.  $50 for a 4 course meal and not one dish was good enough to rave about.  Not to mention, each dish was about the size of a golf ball.
For the money, I don't mind paying for good food, but the flavors were just not there.  I wont go into details about each dish, but ingredients were just too transparent with not enough flare.  Service was also embarrassing as he didn't speak/understand english all too well.
Ambience and open kitchen concept is a great recipe for success; however, Sbraga's execution is flawed.  The general feeling after dinner was, "I paid way too much $$$ for this meal".
PS - I really hope they improve on some things because I am willing to give it another shot.I originally had (4) stars typed in, but changed it to (5) because looking back on it, I don't really have any complaints or qualms with the place and the service was very accommodating. 
I took my girlfriend here for her birthday and arranged before hand a casual/romantic meal - with a bottle of wine waiting, etc. The staff was very helpful with the whole thing, even though it was not a big deal, and it really was nice. Food was solid and we were happy with everything - food, drinks, etc.This place serves mostly tiny portions of decent food and is severely overpriced. A meal for 4 people with a bottle of wine easily goes over $350. The foie gras soup is interesting, but the other food options are not that great. The duck breast entree consists of 4 minuscule pieces of duck that taste-wise do not hold a candle to the duck appetizer at, say, Serpico. The potato ceviche consists of 5 small pieces of cold potato, the octopus tastes border-line canned, and the rabbit looks like a small piece of a stuffed cabbage made by someone who never had real borscht. You could get less OK food for your money in Philadelphia (Marygold Kitchen comes to mind), but it would take work.The air conditioning was blasting on a cool March night, making the place feel like an icebox. The food was good until I ordered the main course of carrots. While described as "barbacoa" it's nothing more than 2 halved carrots which have been smoked with flavor. Although well seasoned and flavored, they deserved to be a first (maybe a second) course but certainly not a third and main course which is supposed to be on par with salmon, hearty octopus, meatloaf and chicken. n otherwise good meal was finished off with a disappointing and unfulfilling course. Overall I was disappointed with the meal. To top things off, they didn't give any acknowledgement of my fiancées birthday as I indicated to them until we were already disappointed and walking out the door, in search of a warm plAce to hang out for the night.We watch Top Chef on a regular basis and were really excited when Chef Kevin Sbraga finally opened up his restaurant in Philadelphia.  I made reservations ahead of time and surprised my fiance with dinner at Sbraga...
Food: 4.0 stars
Our overall meal was great.  Each individual dishes had their highs and lows.  At Sbraga, you can pay a flat price to try dishes from a Four Course menu.  We were full and content by the end of the meal and while the meal was fantastic, compared to Sbraga's competition (the numerous other fine dining restaurants in the city), we weren't blown away by our dining experience.
Here is what we tried:
-First
**Blue Crab, Pineapple, Kolhrabi-- The crab meat was delicious.  They charge an additional $8 for this plate.  I was disappointed by the amount of crab on the plate.
**Goat Cheese, Eggplant Wrap-- Probably the better of the two appetizers.  I would recommend trying this dish, especially with some of the amazing TRUFFLE INFUSED BAKED CHEESY BREAD they serve.
-Second
**Clams, Orecchiette, Fenne-- The dish as a whole was delcious but the clams were tiny and there were (we counted) 12 Orecchiete pasta shells in the plate.  Again, delicious but with disappointing features
**Black Cod, Bokchoy, Kimchee-- The cod was delicious and complimented well with the pickled flavors of the Kimchee.
-Third
**Beef Brisket-- The best dish of the night by far.  The beef was so flavorful and delicious.
**Chicken-- The chicken was essentially a breaded orange chicken style dish.  While it was good, it wasn't anything I hadn't eaten at other (less gourmet) establishments
-Fourth (Dessert)
**Mascarpone. Coffee Granita, Chocolate-- An unbelievable dessert.  Definitely a must try!
**Apple, Caramel, Mille-Feuille-- Good but way over-shadowed by the Mascarpone.
We also go the drink pairings with the dinner.  For $30, its probably a better option than buying drinks separately, as they run $10-20 per drink.
Location: 4.0 stars
On Pine and Broad (the former Chew Man Chu site), Sbraga is a great spot for those going to events at Kimmel Center.
Ambiance: 4.5 stars
Sbraga is beautiful.  They did a great job on the interior of the restaurant.  It has a very NEW YORK CITY type feel.  They used reclaimed Douglas fir slats from an abandoned textile mill in the city's Fishtown neighborhood to panel the walls and layout is open and inviting.
Price: 3.5 stars
The idea of a $45 four course meal is intriguing.  They do offer al-a-carte options as well which I think is good.  There are definitely some dishes which I would like to focus on more than others.  Expect to pay $80-100 per person.
Service: 2.5 stars
I saved my service break-down for last for a little venting session...
Our waiter was nice but definitely had moments which he was inconsiderate and pretentious.  There's nothing more annoying to me than a server who thinks he knows more than me (or other patrons). One of the drink pairings I was looking forward to was changed to something else without even acknowledging the change.  When asked about the inconsistency, the server said that they were out of the other pairing and that hopefully I didn't mind the change (multiple courses after the fact).  I'm not picky about things like this until someone just assumes that they don't need to let me know about the change or that they're out of something.  Especially, at a fine dining restaurant where you pay $100 per person, the establishment should go out of their way to make sure you're dining experience is enjoyable.  The last pairing the waiter brought out for my fiance was a nasty, ethanol-like drink that almost ruined dessert for her.  Luckily, I dont mind drinking very stiff drinks but a lack of consideration to warn someone that a drink is abrasive, especially before the dessert, just sucks.
**Overall: 4.0 stars (on the verge of going into the 3 star range courtesy of the goofy, arrogant waiter)
Good food + Great ambiance make Sbraga a good dining experience.  However, compared to other fine dining restaurants (i.e. Tinto, Zahav, Alma De Cuba) it falls behind the pack.  We'll definitely give Sbraga another shot.  Definitely go support a new chef with his first restaurant.I was highly anticipating my first meal with a Top Chef. A wonderful evening was had. 
The place is tight. You walk in and feel jammed right away. The desk and door just leave no room for guests coming in. The hosting staff were all very friendly and insuring we were cared for. 
We got seated and ordered our meals. Nice trendy feel and slightly loud, but not so much that you cannot hear the person with you talking. There is a full view of the kitchen. But, Sbraga himself is not cooking. He is standing and looking out over the restaurant for the night. 
Our meal was excellent and the service was good. 
You pick between four courses with a price fix menu. There are specials and additions you can make other than the price fix (more on that). 
My wife and I ordered the same appetizer and we both were thrilled we did. We had the fois gras soup with rose relish. It was simply amazing. It was creamy. It was earthy. It had some sweet tones. It had some spice to it. And my concern about the Rose flavor went without concern. It was such a balanced bowl of soup. Every bite to the last scoop was delicious. It did not get boring with layers of flavors. The rose petal flavor kind of brought out a South Asian flavor profile. 
I believe this was the highlight of the meal, which is why I scored a 4. With such a promising and delightful beginning your expectations for what is to come rises. 
The second course, I ordered Escargot. It was a one or two note flavor profile. I had a flavor of white bean that seemed to dominate. It needed something to make it pop out more, something tangy or sweet. It was good, just not as good as the first course.
My wife went to one of the add money to the bill features on the menu. She had lobster and steak. I had a bite of the steak and it had a pot roast/brisket kind of taste. The meat was absolutely tender and melted in your mouth. It was good. The complaint here, you pay extra but the portion is very small. A few bites of lobster and one cube of beef. Be a little more generous and the rating goes up. 
Third course, I had a roast pork with a cheese bread pudding. It was a tribute to South Philly. I began eating each item separately. Then when I put it all together it made sense. I got the tribute to South Philly. It was very spicy. That is where I would rate this down. The spice overwhelmed the other flavors at times. 
My wife ordered a falafel ball like thing. It had a clear middle eastern flavor profile. A little grainy to me. The yogurt sauce was delicious. 
On to the dessert course, my wife as I figured ordered a key lime pie dessert. 
I was torn and went with an apple crumble, mostly due to the drink pairing interested me. I had a drink pairing with my meal. 
Wife's dessert was a key lime pie flavor profile. But, what it looked like I am not certain. It was a round dessert with some red stuff on top. Flavor was delicious. 
My apple crumble was delicious as well. And the "Not Toddy" cinnamon and tea profile of a drink paired really well with it. 
That was the night. 
Glad to see Sbraga and the menu he inspired. I'm not certain what he was doing all night other than being a show piece. Out front for everyone to see, but not really doing anything. Still, I enjoyed having that brush with a celebrity.One of the best meals i ever had! I came all the way from New York for Kevin Sbraga's cuisine, and it was well worth it! We paired every course with wine, so fun and satisfying. Impeccable service.One of the best restaurants I've ever been to! The customer service was impeccable from start to finish. Our waitress was so well informed yet non-intrusive and very sweet and helpful throughout our meal. Everyone in the restaurant is polite, accommodating and extremely welcoming. We enjoyed the four course option and it was so fun to get each course -- all of which were so flavorful, innovative and beyond delicious. Especially the salmon sashimi and the blue fish. The wine was fantastic as well. I highly recommend this restaurant for anyone in the area!!!! GO GO GO!First let me start off with the waiter we had.  He was professional, but in a calm relaxed manner, very knowledgeable about the menu, and appropriately attentive.  My wife opted for the drink pairing with the menu.  and I stuck with water and the glass of bubbly she suggested we both have to celebrate a list of things.  
First, every dish was beautifully, creatively, and playfully decorated.  It's easier to say this upfront instead of mentioning it EVERY time.  
My wife started off with the heirloom tomato salad - crispy cheese curd - basil aioli.  The tomatoes were wonderfully fresh and bursting with flavor and were complimented by a garden fresh basil aioli that was surprisingly light in both taste and texture - both very enjoyable surprises.  The lightly fried, crispy, cheese curds gave the dish a crispy texture contrast as well as a salty kick that heightened the other flavor elements.  
I had Beet Tartar-Marlin-(root vegetable) chips.  (Yes, that's beets, and they were delicious all on their own!)  The Marlin was lightly smoked, and otherwise as fresh as possible. The firm texture went well with the crispy chips and softness of the beet tartar.
For the 2nd course my wife had the Calamari - Black Yucca - Salsa Verde- Sea beans.  The calamari were braised until the had a wonderfully tender texture without losing their integrity - not easily done with braised calamari.  Their grilled flavor went well with the salsa verde.  The other ingredients rounded out and emphasized the freshness in the dish.  
I had the grilled salmon with channa masala - tzatziki and romesco drizzled off to the side.  The salmon was boldly seasoned with something along the lines of a blackening spice, but not as intense.  The channa masala added a deep depth of flavor that has a warmth to it that was tamed by the tzatziki sauce.  The whole dish was rounded out by velvety texture of the romesco.  By far, my favorite dish of the night.  
For an entree my wife ordered the falafel with grilled eggplant, caramelized cipolini  and a tahini yogurt.  Her dish was bursting with smoky, sweet, creamy, crispy deliciousness.  It was an outstanding entree, and a meat-free dish - two things I've recently began to find together.  
This is where this restaurant almost lost a star.  It was hard justifying that  just for one dish, but I overheard 3 separate waiters including our own exclaim this is our "signature dish" "everybody loves it" a "can't miss" ... well you missed.  It was the meatloaf with charcoal potatoes and grilled scallions with a red sauce with so little on the plate it seemed like they ran out.  The meatloaf was a a bit on the crumbly side with an almond flour crust on top that was more soggy than crust-like. The entire dish was void of flavor except for the ridiculous amount of salt that was in the loaf.  The only good thing about that was the charcoal potatoes didn't have any hints of salt.  The white part of the grilled scallions provided a good contrast of texture but there was only 3 on the plate and the green tops became stringy.  Sadly there were few highlights of this dish.  Having had four knock-out dishes my hopes were sky high coming into the "signature dish" and it was a bit of a let down. 
There was a strong finish with the desserts.  The curry tapioca pudding was like nothing I've ever had before.  The richness of the pudding was cut by fresh citrus fruit.  The curry gave the dish a warmth that complimented the creamy, fresh flavors. My wife hoarded this dish.  There was almost bargaining involved for me to get a second bite.  It was the clear cut winner in the dessert category.   
Not far behind the pudding followed the dessert we could call "my dessert". I had a deconstrusted apple pie where the apples were the main feature sitting on top of a caramel drizzle with a crumbled buttery crust placed on either side.  The apples were nicely cooked and retained their texture.  The thick, rich caramel was well matched with the buttery crust that had just enough salt in it to heighten the overall flavors of the dish.  
The wine pairings were nicely done and matched well with each dish.  There were light crisp whites served with the tomato salad and the falafel.  A daiquiri was served with the calamari and sweet desert wine similar to a port was served with the tapioca pudding.
Overall this was an amazing restaurant.  The miss on the meatloaf - I assume - was not the norm for this restaurant as the other 7 dishes we had were all great.  I think the Grilled Salmon dish was one of the best fish dishes I've ever eaten and by far my favorite of the night, but all my wife kept saying was "I win" after each bite.  DId I mention all four courses were $49?  It's the icing on the cake.  I'll be back for another slice soon.The dinner here was such an interesting experience, and not in a good way. First the good part- the food! We had the 4-course meal- and the first 3 courses were outstanding - the grains, the buccatini and bbq parsnips. The dessert pavlova was not to die for, but good nonetheless. The wine selections were not extensive. Now the bad part- the morose service. The folks serving you are simply unaware of the concept of smiling. We were left craving for sone kindness and care. The person attending ti our table did not once ask us how the food was or even check on us. We felt like we were unwelcome. It was so tragic. For me a place like Sbraga where 2 people pay close to 200dollars for a pre-fixe meal should get significantly better service. Overall a disappointment.I love the open kitchen at Sbraga.  It's so much fun watching the chefs behind the counter cooking.  The space itself is simple but tasteful and comfortable.
Our waitress was friendly.  The strange thing was that they were sold of salmon at 8pm on a Saturday night (initially), but after we ordered the waitress let me know they were in stock again.  
I started with the salmon mousse and was not a fan but I'm not a huge seafood eater.  It had the same consistency as cream cheese but was just not my thing. 
The risotto and gnocchi were incredible.  Both dishes were delicately flavored and not heavy.  The gnocchi was so incredibly soft and the green strawberries were a unique addition.
I had the salmon as my entree which was cooked well.  The cauliflower and parsnips added a nice bite to the dish.  
Dessert was also good!Went here last night for the Southern Tasting Menu at the Chef's counter. 
Here is the menu and what I thought of the dishes:
1- Duck Fat Biscuits - awesome, especially with whatever the topping was that they gave us (it was a bit of information overload with all these courses)
2 - Pimento Cheese Stuffed Jalapeño - really awesome
3 - Collard Green Oyster Rockefeller - eh, didn't love it
4 - Eggs and Grits, Benton's Bacon Crumble - pretty good
5 - Crab Cake Fritter, Pickled Green Tomatoes - really good although I didn't think all the pickled stuff was necessary
6 - Tennessee Hot Chicken, Coleslaw, White Bread, Pickles - chicken was really good, the perfect blend of spices, my boyfriend actually picked it up and ate it off the bone. I don't like pickles.
7 - Smothered Pork Chops, Okra Salad - even though I was super full at this point, I had to keep eating the pork chops because they were super good. The onion sauce on top really added to the flavor. I was excited because there were brussel sprouts, but they were nowhere near as good as Stateside's
8 - Pecan Pie, Bourbon Ice Cream - amazing, ate every last bit even though I was SO full.
Overall, sitting at the chef's table was really fun although we were a bit disappointed that Kevin Sbraga was not actually there that night. I am definitely looking forward to coming back and trying other tasting menus like Breakfast for Dinner in November (I think? - check foobooz).
All of the servers were really nice too - it is very obvious that this a well run establishment. We didn't go with the $50 drink pairing because we thought it would be too much, so we just had a couple Allagash Whites which went well with most of the dishes.Absolutely a can't miss.
Four delicious courses for $49 dollars? Wow.
My wife and I can't drink a ton of wine, but we wanted to do the wine pairing, so just one of us got the pairing (a $35 cost). The sommelier was so great that rather than choosing one dish to pair with in each course, she tried to pair with both dishes in each course, to great success. 
By the end of the third course we started to get full, and one of our entrees was only a 4star dish as opposed to 5 like everything else, so in order to save room for dessert, we stopped eating that one entree. The *busboy* noticed and was extremely and sincerely concerned that we weren't happy. He insisted that he bring us something else but we told him that was not necessary. Nevertheless, they brought us an additional dessert on the house. So great that a busboy has the authority to notice and take care of the customer in such a way. 
Do not miss this place. Everything is awesome. The food, the service, the value, even the music. Everything is top top notch. 
We ll be back on our next philly trip.My dining experience at Sbraga is one of those instances where expectations are set high by reviews and the restaurant grossly underperformed. The one word I would use to describe the food is salty. This is coming from a guy who loves salt, so if I'm complaining that it's too salty, it's probably extremely salty for the average person. The service was also extremely inattentive in regards to cleaning tables and refilling water (note: I started my meal at 10:30pm, not exactly the busiest time).
To start, we went with cocktails for dinner. They were neither good nor bad, also the list is pretty small. Probably should've went with the wine pairing. The Sbraga Punch tastes like fruit punch so it's good for the ladies. The Not Toddy was a lemon tea drink and was only okay to me.
The first course was probably the best and then it went downhill from there. The Lobster Roll was probably my favorite with a slightly deceiving name because there's no actual bread roll. The Foie Gras Soup was good but expectations were set too high for it. It wasn't as rich as I would've liked but that's a personal preference.
The saltiness really kicked into high gear in the second course with the Escargot. The saltiness was overpowering and destroyed any hint of the truffle that you might've gotten. The Clams were good but the pasta served with it was salty as well. 
For the third course, I tried the Lamb Rigatoni, which is one of their signature dishes and came highly recommended by the waiter. The dish was beyond salty and on the verge of not being edible. The other dish that I tried was the Duck Breast, which was small portion-wise, and only okay taste-wise. I've had much better duck for cheaper (check out Farm & Fisherman).
Lastly, for dessert, we tried the Dirt Pudding and Eggnog Cheesecake because they ran out of the Coffee Cake. The Eggnog was good but nothing to write home about. The Dirt Pudding was okay, but didn't really fit in with the pricing and atmosphere of the restaurant. 
Overall, it was a case of expectations being set high by reviews and the restaurant disappointing on execution. I see a lot of reviews in regards to the great value but I think it's only okay relative value even if my food wasn't so salty. The portions are pretty small and if you add a supplement like the NY Strip, the value dramatically decreases.My new favorite restaurant! My wife and I sat at the chefs counter and had an awesome experience! It was great to see how the chefs so delicately handle the food. They use tweezers and other small instruments to ensure they place each piece of food on the plate perfectly where they want it to ensure an amazing presentation. Each course we had and saw go out the kitchen looked absolutely beautiful and they all tasted the same! The chefs counter was also great because we were able to talk to the servers and line cooks to find out what was in each course and how they prepared it. The line cooks and someone who seemed like the executive chef actually engaged us in conversation and told us what their favorite menu items were - very cool!!! I won't go into everything we had because it was all great, but my favorite was the octopus and my wife's fav was the fried chicken. If you're a foodie and enjoy great food you will not be disappointed. I'd have to say this was the best dining experience I've ever had! Thank you Kevin Spraga!Came here for my birthday in February so this is a late review, but I must say this restaurant is definitely in my Top 3 in Philly, but is the one I recommend to friends and family most often.
What I do remember specifically is the foie gras soup, which my girlfriend still talks about regularly and the approachable yet classy feel to the whole night.  Service was great, decor was pleasant, and the every course had it's own surprise.  One of those places you feel hungrier every course, yet at the end of it are completely satisfied.
Phenomenal job by Kevin Sbraga, great to see him on the line each night as well.