OK experience. Great service that was fast and friendly. Had the 'choose 2' which offered a soup and sandwich for around $10. Dining in also allows you to get self-serve pickles, sauerkraut, and salads. Chose the pastrami on rye with a matzo ball soup. Wasn't exceptional, but wasn't bad either. Matzo ball broth was on-point but felt like the ball was pretty tasteless and underseasoned.They deliver, it's all the real deal and it all tastes like what my mom and my grand mom used to make. I'd the cabbage soup, stuffed cabbage (the meat was a little hard), bow ties and kasha, some chopped liver (was full of schmaltz) and some assorted pickles - it was all very good!  Delivery was fast and the young man was very pleasant. It's one of the last Jewish style Delicatessens in Center City, and it's good!The latkes and applesauce were yummy! A lot of potato and not too much filler. The potato knish had a nice thin crust but the filling itself was kind of salty. The bagels are a travesty. Like stale rolls. I will never get their bagels again. The people working there were friendly. We will have to dine in one of these days for breakfast.I live across the street from Schlesinger's but never tried it until today. I don't understand why this place only averages 3 and 1/2 stars overall. The food is great, especially the pickle bar, which blew my mind -- I love pickles and they have several different kinds, all of which is complementary. I'll be back for sure.Jewish fast food with pickle bar.  Wow, this is the place when you have no time and need to be out in a half hour.  Plus it's key location in the theater area makes it a great choice.  Cabbage soup is enough for two people.  The corned beef is 1 and half inch thick- enough for the big guy.  All kinds if Jewish mom food with a pickle bar with potato and mac salad.  Front case very tempting cookies and cake.  We will be back!Best place for a weekend brunch or breakfast. The corn beef hash is to die for, the sandwiches we've tried are great, and the pickle bar ties the whole experience together. They also have great desserts and deli meats. My gf won't let me go anywhere else...Very good !!!! I had soup and half turkey sandwich combo.i will definitely come back for lunch another time!I was totally appalled today when we were given a hard time at lunch because my father was in a wheelchair. The manager was incredibly rude and actually said that he didn't want to waste a 4-top on only two people even though we live in the neighborhood and are regulars. He made a big deal about "blocking the aisle" when there were empty tables available. Luckily for us, the waitstaff recognized us went out of their way to rearrange a few things to accommodate the wheelchair.  As for the food, it was fine. Nothing to rave about.I would rather pay the extra money for a much better meal at 4th Street Deli on 4th & Bainbridge.  Staff told me that the owner of Schlesinger's deliberately charge slightly lower prices than 4th Street in order to compete with them. UM...4th STREET DELI IS FAR SUPERIOR AND BAR-NONE. GREAT QUALITY IS WORTH EVERY PENNY, SCHLESINGER! Verdict: Schlesinger can't compete at all with 4th St.Terrible breakfast. 3 limp pancakes, fake corn syrup. Overpriced and not good. Server didn't even bother to bring a knife and fork.  Waitstaff chatted gaily with each other, stared at thier phones and ignored customers.Corn beef sandwich came highly recommended from the cashier. 
It was pretty disappointing as it was mostly dry and unfulfilling. Won't be back to try the pastrami.Quality has gone down. The food simply isn't fresh. The onions in my sandwich looked like they were sliced a day ago. The fries were soggy and over-fried. It seemed like they were day-old fries that had been refried. It's sad when a place can't even make decent fries. The matzo ball soup seems to be the only good they they make.When around 1pm for a take out on a Tuesday. The place was very busy (i expected it) but the  girl working behind the counter was very effective and did a great job. I ordered the Hot Pastrami sandwich and it was DELICIOUS! the meat was perfect and packed with flavor. My favorite pastrami sandwich in the city so far!Not kid friendly despite being casual. I really wanted to like this place as a spot to go to as a family. The Reubens and pickle bar were great but the kid's burger was of a poor quality and the service was terribly slow and scattered. Also, avoid the potato pancakes here.Since our first visit, we have been here at least once a week. If anything, go for the comp pickle bar for eat in diners....great mix of pickles, salads, and other pickled veggies....yum! The sandwiches are consistently good, as is the service. A must have is the F7- 2 hot dogs, grilled salami, and melted cheese on a long roll with thick cut fries...I have died and gone to my fatty food heaven. They have a huge selection of desserts but I never have room to try....someday....Great breakfast!  Perfect coffee, amazing home fries (or substitute fruit), excellent bread and eggs, pickle bar open, lean tasty turkey bacon, great nova, bagels, lox.  Clean serene atmosphere.  Amazingly low prices for Central Philly.  We always check put breakfast places on our travels and this is one of the best!We ordered tuna sandwiches and cole slaws. The sandwiches were a little bit greasy and not enough lettuce, tomatoes, and no bagel was offered. At a nice deli I would expect the sandwich to offer a bagel in lieu of plain bread-not done. This was not like any deli I recall eating at-meagor at best. Also, the cole slaw was swimming in grease, and not edible. I told the checkout person this but she said it was mayonnaise based-duh. Obviously it is mayonnaise based, but it did not need to be so greasy. We were very disappointed.First meal in Philly made me a chazer. Really fantastic place that serves an honest-to-god cup of matzo ball soup and (unbelievably!) features an all-you-can-eat pickle bar. The menu is humongous, as it should be. If you don't eat meat, like me, I can recommend the tuna salad sandwich, served on surprisingly fresh rye bread. Also, you can't beat these prices - at least, certainly not back home in New York. Final point: I was surprised to learn that Schlesinger's just opened recently. They have very effectively managed to simulate the appearance and feel of an old-school kosher deli, in the best way possible.I was very excited to came here for breakfast and I was utterly disappointed. I ordered a cheese omelet... The eggs were overlooked and the egg to cheese ratio seemed off (too much egg). I didn't love the hash browns. Thankfully I ordered a side of potato latkes which were hot and tasted delicious. If I return it will be just to eat the latkes.I like pancakes. There just a amazing breakfast food. There tasty and syrup makes it all the better. That's why I went here and was pleasantly surprised. The place was pretty good. I ordered the pancakes (big surprise) and a orange juice. The orange juice tasted very fresh and it had a good amount of pulp in it. Then I got the pancakes they were light and fluffy and had 3 all stacked up on each other. My biggest complaint was the syrup and butter from a package. I absolutely hate when it's like this and not it some sort of bottle because:
A. It's harder to pour
And
B. It is disgusting to have something straight from a plastic box
And she just threw it on the table it wasn't on the side of the plate we just had 10 packets of syrup lying around. They also gave us packets of butter. Get rid of the packets! It's gross and ultimately can ruin anybody's appetite.There's a pickle bar in the back. Salami hangs from the ceiling. I'm in love. They also have a lot of cakes. Love it more. I came for dinner, it was a Saturday night. I had the chopped sirloin with matzo ball soup. Delicious. Service was casual atmosphere, but it's a casual place. Marble tables, wood chairs, they have booths. It's a great jewish deli. Coming back for sure.My review is strictly for the German chocolate cake which is absolutely amazing! It's my birthday tradition that whatever city we are visiting for my birthday, we find a piece of German Chocolate cake--my favorite! Unfortunately this task can be more difficult than you'd think. Lucky for us, we found Schlesinger's and as massive as the slice of cake is, you could probably see it from the window. We literally were able to split the piece and eat it in at least three different sittings since we had to take it to go. We're not light eaters either... The cake was perfect, not too crumbly but not too dense. Icing was as expected, DELICIOUS. I don't know how the other food is, but if it's as good as the cake, then by all means... GO!If you need your fix for great Jewish deli food, this is it. Had bagels and lox with a side of whitefish salad.  Was awesome. Attentive service and strong coffee.  The sandwich selection looked awesome. Went for breakfast, will have to go back for lunch.Had a lunch hankering for some deli food.  Schlesinger's delivered!  Enjoyed the complimentary pickle bar and had the Jules Reuben.  It was typical Reuben, the corned beef was tastey and warmed.  Totally hit the spot.  This was my first time eating here and I plan on adding it to my center city lunch rotation.  Spent about $15.Nice lowkey deli. The fries are great (thick and delicious). I had Nina's Brisket sandwich. It was plain...I'd try something different when I come back. My friend had a burger and it was pretty good.I was here not by choice and was judgemental at first because it is a deli. But I had really good sandwiches and really like the pickle bar. I would definitely return. Overall, good food, price and service.I give this place a solid three stars...not the best Jewish deli, but not the worst. It was a fair price for a bowl of soup and a half sandwich. My kreplach soup was delicious; a tasty dumpling, nice chunks of chicken and vegetables, and the broth was not too salty (Bonus!). My sandwich was nice, but I would have enjoyed it more if it was what I had ordered. Instead of pastrami, I was served corned beef which was tasty and tender. Had I not been so hungry and bit before I looked, I would've asked for a sandwich exchange. My bae Loved (with a capital L!) his Split Pea Soup, and exclaimed quite excitedly that he'd return for that alone!We usually love this deli when we eat in. But we tried takeout and felt let down for the price. We ordered lox and all the fixings on a bagel. We added an egg to one which added 2.95 to the price but somehow the total for two sandwiches ended up being over $30. There were no capers which we specifically mentioned and we also asked to go light on cream cheese on one and there was no difference between the two. 
It's a great place to dine in, but with takeout  providing no sides or coffee, it seemed like a lot of money.Schlesinger's is just okay. I've been for breakfast three or four times, and won't order anything other than the $3.95 special at this point. For two eggs any way, hash browns, toast and a coffee it's certainly a great deal, but the food is definitely not great. And the coffee...it's fairly bad.
I've been with people who have ordered other items off the menu, and felt similarly to me. Nothing offensive, and pretty good service overall, but nothing that brings you back. And with the options in the neighborhood (as in, there are a million), it's tough choosing Schlesinger's.I went to Schlesinger's (formerly the Kibitz Room, now in Cherry Hill) and was concerned the change in name would mean what it usually means: The place not much better than the old. NOT the case here. The staff was terrific and attentive and the food was top notch. Pickle bar also has cole slaw and great potato salad. My overall opinion is it is comparable to Famous 4th Street. Certainly, if you are uptown past Broad street, stop in. Great place!Went here recently for lunch and loved it.  I ordered the corned beef sandwich, he ordered the brisket...  The meats were perfectly tender and delicious.  We loved the pickle bar- the pickled tomatoes were amazing!  I've been craving them since we left.  Another bonus for us was the size of the sandwiches.  These sandwiches are large, but small enough to eat in one sitting (if you have a big appetite).I feel like I have finally found my very own Seinfeld diner!! Life is almost complete, still looking for my HIMYM MacLarens pub. This is a great place for some Jewish food, from the whitefish to the matzo ball soup, latkes, and knishes its all delicious. Prices are average for the amount of food you are receiving. This is not your average diner, more of a Jewish deli. BIG menu and there is something for everyone.
Sandwiches are HUGE, I recommend going for the half sandwich half soup combo. Best of both worlds. Soups are always changing and always fresh. Just stop in for the pickle bar alone!I came here for the second (third?) time yesterday and realized that I need to come more often. I finally ventured back to the pickle bar and have decided that if for no other reason, this is enough to bring me back. All of the options pile in together well while still having their own flavors. 
My order of latkes was delightfully greasy and filling. It came out very quickly and really hit the spot. Our servers were fun and had plenty of personality. Everyone at my table was a happy camper, enjoyed their orders and had plenty to eat. 
I don't eat meat and am squeamish about smoked fish (someone who doesn't want lox??- totally shameful I know!) so this place doesn't offer me a lot of options. I think I will just have to load up on the amazing desserts to make up for it. Doesn't sound too bad now that I think of it....Everything is awesome. Especially whitefish salad on a toasted poppyseed bagelWas not impressed with the portions or style of preparation my sandwich was poorly put together in a wet and sloppy manner!!!!!Just go.  I can't adequately describe the deliciousness of everything they offer. The sandwiches are two meals; wrap half for later. The pickle bar - yes, they have a pickle bar. Pastries galore that are enough for four.  Go, just go!My wife and I live close by and went over to get some dessert to go. The cake and cookies were very good. The service is the reason for two stars. The woman behind counter last night was purposely slow when there was no one in the store. What should have taken 2 minutes took over 10 for no apparent reason. It was a very odd situation and we will not be going back.great jewish sandwiches. if you sit in there is an all you can eat pickle bar with pickles, mac salad and potato salad. The servers are very nice and it's always easy to get a table.Best deli in town.  Everything was a touch or more above the other delis in town. The matzo ball soup was just like my grandmothers except the matzo balls themselves were really well seasoned. The kasha and bow ties were special. Really flavorful.  The fried matzo was excellent as well.The food is pretty decent but I just can't get over the horrible service here :/ If people have a problem being warm and welcoming, or even courteous at all, then the restaurant industry probably isn't for them. Came in at 8:40 last night for a takeout order (they close at 9). As we walked up to the door we could already see their faces drop and them roll their eyes. No "welcome", "what would you like?" "good evening", anything :/ I've never felt so rushed and unwelcome in an establishment before. While I was attempting to place my order a phone call came in and the redheaded pregnant waitress (didn't catch her name) answered and was so rude to the caller who was clearly also wanting to come in for a quick late night bite. After she hung up on them she and another employee made fun of the caller and mocked them for being "stupid" in front of me and my party. So unprofessional and a very intimidating atmosphere!It's easy to be the best in your category if there's nobody else in your category.  That's kind of where Schlesinger's finds itself in the Rittenhouse Square neighborhood.  There just aren't any Jewish delis in center city anymore. There's Lattimer Deli, but it is so filthy looking that you don't even want to walk in the place. There are a few good delis in the suburbs, like Ben & Irv's, but in Center City the pickings are slim. So if you are in the mood for a gigantic corned beef sandwich or delicious pickled tomatoes, this is THE place. And they do it pretty well. The pickle bar is great. Everything from green to super sour to spicy to cabbage. And when it comes to the corned beef special, get over the guilt and enjoy!  It isn't Ben's Kosher in New York, but it definitely satisfies the occasional deli-lust.Service was good and the selection is huge. The corned beef sandwiches are smaller than I'm used to, and I'm not sure if that's just a NY thing. The kasha and bowties was just decent. The cold slaw was way too full of mayo. The Reuben was delicious. The pickle bar is something different, and enjoyable. Overall I would go back, and their lunch hit the spot.unfortunately, i wasn't told about the pickle bar however the meal was delicious. I had the salami omelette with home fries and toast everything was perfect. my lunch companion had the reuben which i had to try and they was out of this world. the corned beef, the slaw, was all perfect! i'm looking forward to going back!Great little deli with great prices. I highly recommend the thanksgiving open sandwich or the chocolate chip pancakes. Both were AMAZING. The eggs & corned beef and blintzes were only okay though. They have a fantastic pickle bar though!While I can't speak for the corned beef or pastrami sandwiches here, the albacore tuna salad is superb.  On toasted rye with lettuce and a pickle on the side....nothing takes me back to growing up in Queens like that sandwich. 
Atmosphere is okay, kind of lifeless and the staff is so so, but you could be in purgatory and still enjoy that albacore tuna salad sandwich.Been coming here pretty often for the last few months solely for their breakfast sandwiches which I am a huge fan of. There are not too many places around me that I can stroll into any time of the day and get a delicious made on the grill fresh egg and cheese bagel or toast sandwich with veggies and pretty much anything I want mixed in. So good! Customer service and pick up time is no nonsense no issues. Easy, good, weekend, post-call, whatever time, need that hearty breakfast good food. 
Ps - recently tried their chocolate chip pancakes - SO good. Ignored my running like crazy and diet plan and ate the totally filled with chocolate pancakes up.Stopped in for some chicken noodle soup a couple of times when I was fighting off a recent cold--it was exactly what I wanted/needed!  Delicious, very fast, and the price is right--fought off my cold, too!  Really good rugelach, too...Schlesinger's is a big step up from the previous restaurant that was in this space--if you haven't checked it out yet I suggest you do.I got takeout from here a few times, both times I got the Arlene Reuben (Pastrami, Swiss Cheese, Sauerkraut, Russian Dressing on Rye). It's huge and really good. The pastrami is less fatty than I've had elsewhere.
Though I've deducted one star because I tried to buy all these ingredients from here to make my own at home, and it ran me over $40. I could get the same ingredients from Reading Terminal for half that.I love Schlesingers and stop in whenever I'm in Philadelphia. The service is ALWAYS phenomenol and the food is great. The sandwich and desert portions are so large it borders on ridiculous and the bagels are perfection.
Saturday and Sundays are very busy, but they keep up. Prepare to wait a few minutes. Weekdays - usually immediate seating.I live very close to Schlesinger's and have only been there to eat in and to take out a few times. 
I have to admit I'm a big fan of Jewish Delis and the food they serve. 
Unfortunately I continue to be UNDERwhelmed every time I buy from Schlesinger's. Not only is the food mediocre but the service is below averageEvery so often, I walk around Center City blindly looking for a new place to eat lunch. I wish I would've done my research on this place. I was in the mood for a grilled chicken sandwich that didn't come from your everyday fast food chain. While walking down Locust Ave, I spotted Schlesinger's. I've walked by on numerous ocassions, but never really bothered to check out the menu. I figured, this place looks like they know how to make a good sandwich. I was wrong. 
Now, while the atmosphere had a really good down to Earth lunch time feel to it, I wasn't impressed with the sandwich. The chicken was too dry. I see other Yelpers have given this place four or more stars. If I find myself back here again, maybe I'll try something else. For now, this place sits on my "Probably Won't Return" list.I love this place! Sometimes they get your order wrong but great staple for us who live across the street. BEST MATZO BALL SOUP AND BLACK AND WHITE COOKIES!Went for brunch today about 930 am. Got crowded within 30min. Server was OK. Seated is and took drink order but we did not get and coffee refills. No water refills. She was slow and did not seem like she knew we were there. Food took about 20 min. Slow for breakfast. Mine was cool. Not hot. Weak. It was  open and we were not impressed.I ate dinner here the other day, I had a delicious burger and fries with my friend.  The burger was juicy, tasty and delicious, the fries were great too.  The waitress, cashiers and cooks were very friendly and I had a great time.  I will go back with friends or family.Wow, what a disappointment. I came in for a quick lunch after having a mostly positive experience for breakfast a few weeks ago. I ordered a half-Ceaser salad, half pastrami sandwich. Initially, I was served turkey (which looked pretty disgusting, I must say), and the waitress was very nice and fixed my order. The salad was soggy and did not taste fresh at all. The sandwich was stuffed with the fattiest pastrami meat I have ever eaten, and had lettuce that was browning on the edges thrown on it. After a very unsatisfying meal, I was out 10 bucks. For a place that claims to be a classic Jewish deli, they completely failed to deliver.Popped in for a mid-morning snack that included La Columbe coffee and a bacon, egg, and cheese bagel. Although the service was excellent, the bagel was a tad dry. I'll give this place another go-around on a weekday, as they have a pretty cheap breakfast special (a little over $3 for eggs and whatnot). Oh and I'll also check out the pickle bar, which I didn't even know existed! That alone would probably boost my rating to a 5-star!Cool pickle bar, giant slices of cake, oddly shaped (as noted in another review) but perfectly satisfactory potato pancakes, bland dineresque grilled cheese. There's root beer but no milkshakes. The menu's heavy on the meat and low on the vegetables, but I realize that vegetarians and Jewish delis are kinda like grandparents and smartphones: sure, it can work, but we're not exactly the target audience. Anyway, it's cheap, service is fine, everything about this place is basically fine.I am a huge fan of diners..a connoisseur, really. Unfortunately this place is just not good. Sure they have a free pickle bar- and who doesn't love a good pickle, am I right? However, that does not make up for sub par sandwiches. I ordered a tuna melt and what I got was two bland spoonfuls of tuna on seedless rye (really I ask you...what is the point of seedless rye bread??) My husband's reuben was slightly better, but I was kind of expecting for a $10 sandwich you would get a side of fries or coleslaw or something! 
Bottom Line: Will not be back.A complete disappointment from the minute we walked in the door. Poor service and even worse food. I've been here many times and love the matzo ball soup and sandwiches. I ordered both and the soup was cold and the pastrami was sliced thin like cold cuts not thick and delicious like a traditional deli. The bread was soggy soaked is mustard. Probably because it took 45 to get out take out order then another 10 mins because they forgot our fries and had to through that on. Zero sense of urgency from staff and we saw people walk in after us and get their food first. My order didn't get a pickle so my husband shared his but it was rotten. 
Horrible service, sub par food, no reason to ever go back. Stick to Hershel's and Famous.I like this place and hubby says their whitefish is wonderful, might be better then his father's homemade.  Prices are reasonable.  Picklebar is well-stocked and eliminates the need to order fries or other sides with your meal.  Desserts look amazing.Awful Service, and prices do not accurately reflect the true price. The person taking orders had an attitude, and when I ordered a matzo ball soup and potato pancakes, the total came up to $20 despite what the menu reflected. When I questioned the prices, the lady told me the prices reflected on the menu were actually dinner prices, which is what I was getting take out for. The mazo ball soup had zero flavor, and the potato pancakes were extremely greasy. You are better off going to the 4th street deli on 19th street. The Prices are less, and the quality of food is 100 Times better.UGH
what a disappointment. Came in for brunch and was sorely bummed out.  The server was CLUELESS and the temperature in the restaurant was FREEZING.  Our food arrived almost 45 minutes after ordering and three items had to be sent back.  The matzo ball soup and corned beef hash was COLD - not even remotely warm.  When asked at the register how our meal was my husband responded with an "Eh" and that was that... Needless to say we will not be returning anytime soon...A very old world style deli with all the typical deli fare, including great looking prepared items, meats, cold cuts, baked goods, and marinated specialities, oh and not to forget pickles!  Not fancy, but basic and clean, lots of display counters
We came for breakfast and I had one of my all time favorite deli breakfasts, bagel and lox with all the accompanying stuff- onion, tomato, lettuce, cucumber, cream cheese and all.  And the best part was a wide selectio nof fish for the bagel, not just lox.  I had white fish and it was delicious. Coffee was fresh and well brewed, with endless cups served.
If this place was around the corner I'd be a perpetual patron,  Loved it and hope that places like this never go away.Took my colleagues here for a business breakfast and it was perfect! The room is comfy, menu is simple enough to make a quick decision and the staff was very friendly! I really enjoyed my breakfast, it came quickly and we weren't rushed out. I really enjoyed this location and will definitely return! Especially since I did not get a chance to sample the baked goods!Schlesinger's for breakfast is much like Schlesinger's the rest of the time: not great, not bad, just fine.
I ordered one of their "specials": two scrambled eggs with turkey sausage, homefries and toast, only slightly annoyed that the printed menu price was higher than that on the sign outside the deli ($7.25 instead of $5.95, or something like that -- they need to change the outside signs).
Everything was good: multigrain toast was available, and the homefries were firm and tasty, not the sort of undercooked mush we frequently get in New York. The turkey sausages were savory, but there were only two -- and they're the skinny "Breakfast-sausage" type, not the fat sausages you can sometimes get. (There really should have been three of them.)  The eggs were good; that may seem like a given, but I've in fact had mediocre scrambled eggs elsewhere!
I didn't like the coffee at first, but it grew on me. Perhaps I was just getting used to it, or perhaps my second cup came from a freshly brewed pot (and the first didn't).
I've never had a bad meal at Schlesinger's -- it's one of my "go-to"s when I'm attending events on South Broad (and when my hotel is elsewhere) -- but neither have I ever had a memorable one.Came here on a Monday and it wasn't too crowded. I got the western omelet, which came with home fries and a choice of bread or bagel, which I personally loved you didn't have to pay extra for a bagel over bread! 
Omelet was perfectly cooked, home fries were perfectly crispy, but soft on the inside which is just how I like them. They were, however, a little over seasoned for my taste. Service was excellent - prompt and kind. I would like to come back to try some of the lunch options I saw on the menu.Awesome place for breakfast, better than pretty much any of the diners I've tried in town recently. Can't go wrong with any of the omelettes. The potato latkes, and other "Jewish Deli" style dishes are also good. I'm sure other things on their menu are worth having as well, but that's all I've gotten around to trying so far.I really enjoy the $4 breakfast special with eggs, toast, potatoes, and coffee. The service is like everything else, nothing special, but totally adequate. It's close to my work so I'll be back.There's a major void in Philly for an awesome lunch spot. Schlesinger's fills that void. WOO HOO!
Huge portions, and you'll pay for it - but don't worry... if you don't have leftovers, you might want to consider cutting back a little ;)
The main things that keeps me coming back? QUALITY. FRESHNESS.
Lettuce that crunches in my mouth, tomatoes that are bursting with flavor, PEPPERS (yes, the often neglected veggie of most other shops serving up the ubiquitous thing called a salad), onions... and of course the meaty accoutrements are fantastic as well.
Schlesinger's brings it back to the basics, and rocks it out. Don't forget about the FREE pickle bar (aside from the pickles, the mac salad is also tremendous).
I haven't had the desserts, but they look phenomenal. 
Bottom line - if it's lunch time, and you're not already on your way then leave now.I have been waiting to try this place for months since I walk by it nearly every day. You won't find a bigger fan of delicious deli sandwiches then this guy so Schlesingers seemed right up my alley. I'm a huge sucker for any meat with cole slaw and russian dressing so I tried both the Mr. Schlesinger's Special (corned beef) and The Parc Rittenhouse Special (hot pastrami). Although both were extremely fresh, neither really blew me away as I had hoped for the $10 price tag. They definitely do not skimp on the meat, but I could have used more of the toppings. The sides of potato salad and macaroni salad kind of were just there, nothing special at all. I took my order to go so maybe next time I need to get eat in and get it as it comes out, that way I can take advantage of this pickle bar everyone seems to rave about. 
Be warned, I picked up on a Saturday early afternoon and I don't think I could have eaten there if I wanted to. The place was a mob scene overflowing onto Locust street.Dropped in for take-out a couple of times. The second time I asked for less meat (instead of their normal pound of dry meat and dry bread) on my turkey sandwich. The guy at the register (possibly owner?) actually refused to make the sandwich with less meat, and added a bit of unnecessary rudeness in his refusal. I said thanks, I'll get my sandwich elsewhere. Even with a "normal" proportion of deli meat on the sandwich, it's not all that good anyway.Eggs, kosher sausage, and rye toast is the breakfast of Champions. At Shlesingers it's called The Harvey, but by any name it is delicious! Aside from Little Pete's this is one of the best breakfast places in the neighborhood that's neither pretentious nor overpriced! 
And to be expected this Jewish Deli makes a darn good Rueben if you're looking for a lunch or dinner time fix! Corned Beef, Turkey, or Pastrami - they're all delicious with a generous portion of meat!
The complimentary pickle bar is kind of a big dill! If you are a pickle lover with like me you will relish it! Okay I'm done with pickle puns! 
Schlesinger's is always a hit with my family! I can't wait to go back!Always a good time and the window seats are great for people watching.  Food wise, I spent my Summers in Brooklyn growing up and Schlesinger's can rival most.  Friendly staff and a wonderfully crisp hamantaschen round out the meal.Needed a quick bite before an Academy of Music show. Had a fantastic dinner here last night that made me homesick for the deli I used to eat in growing up. Fallon, our waitress, was a sweetheart. This place is a hidden gem!If you think you are going to get a sandwich at Schlesinger's, similar to a sandwich you would get at Katz deli in NYC, forgetaboutit.  The only similarity is the price. What a disappointment.  .We normally love this place.  Great deli.  The pickle bar is unreal.  But, we walked in at 8:10 pm on a Friday evening.  We were promptly told that they were not seating and it was take out.  But they close at 9 PM.  The staff behind the counter was cleaning and person at the register was texting and the wait staff was standing around talking.
If you are not going to seat folks 50 minutes before closing, you need to post it otherwise we would not have walked in at all.  We specifically came by because it was not closing for another 50 minutes.  All we wanted was a bowl of soup and maybe a cookie.  30 minutes in and out... tops.
In the process, you lost a sale and future sales until you figure out what your staff is doing in the evening.  Or figure out how to communicate hours of seating to your customers.Friendliest most competent service making it our ideal place to enjoy a dinner before walking 'round the corner to sit for a lovely concert.                  Counter and waitstaff are always kind and help us if we arrive late so that a fab meal appears before you can bite one of those pickles from the amazing self-service salads/condiments bar or take the first slurp of coffee. The Pastrami Sandwich is a consistent work of art, so satisfying that I just don't wanna try anything else although I admire all the platters served to table surrounding me. Great atmosphere. Wonderful meeting place, too. I've never been "hustled" to leave prematurely when conducting a meeting there. And, when I'm on my own personal time, I always find that I'm relaxed 'cause the service is so friendly and fast.For $10, we received a delicious spinach and feta cheese omelette (called "Melissa's omelette"), an everything bagel + cream cheese and butter, and a side of fruit. We intended to share the omelette so I was pleased that the portion was split and we were served it in separate plates. The bagel was tasty and fresh, and the amount of cream cheese was more than enough (I hate when you're given those small tubs of Philadelphia cream cheese---it wasn't like that here, where you get plenty of it). Their home fries are diced potatoes rather than hash browns. However, we didn't walk away feeling full--it was just a small meal to hold us over until lunch.
The service was nothing to boast about and nothing to complain about. There is plenty of seating inside and a few booths by the window to people-watch from. We waited a little while for the waitress to come by and pick up the credit card, but it seemed that we were to pay at the counter, which I guess is common in such diners but we weren't told this when we received the check.Came here recently on a Sunday morning with some friends from out of town.  Diners seem hard to come by in Philly, so I figured that this would be a good alternative.  Waited about 20 min for a table for 4 which was no big deal. 
We got here at noon, so I opted for the whitefish salad on a bagel.  Ive had this at some Jewish deli's in NYC, but unfortunately there was no comparison.  Too much mayo, and not enough fish.  
My friend had the breakfast corned beef hash which sounded amazing on paper, but we weren't a huge fan of that either.  
On a brighter note, I managed to snag a bite of the Arlene Ruben with pastrami that another friend of mine had ordered.  Real good.  Next time ill stick with the lunch meats.  The pickle bar is pretty sweet too, so be sure to check that out. 
Ive also been here previously and can vouch highly for 1500 Locust Wrap.  Grilled chicken, romaine, feta, onion, and greek dressing on a wheat wrap.Five stars for carry out deli food! Scrumptious, simply scrumptious! All the Ruebens are meaty and flavorful,.. not a bad choice on the menu, though if they are just average in any category it'd be with the Salads. The desserts are HUGE! One piece of German Chocolate Cake was big enough for 4 servings, no exaggeration!  It was all good and fun!I'm not from Philly, but my wife and I do like to visit for day-trips.  Usually when the Philly crowd is headed to the shore we take a day trip from the  shore to Philly.  This way we don't complain about the tourists and the Philly crowd doesn't have to complain about the Jersey people.
Felt like a Deli sandwich a few years ago and just happened upon Schlesinger's.  Tried their sandwiches and I'm a fan.  I'm the pastrami nut and my wife goes for the corned beef special.  Uh-Oh, they don't serve cold corned beef sandwiches; only hot.  The other Philly Deli we like does the same.  Why?  Please change this!  The real taste of corned beef only comes out when it's cold.  So she now switches over to turkey.
Very good product used in both.  No, they don't serve the Carnegie Deli sized sandwiches and then again they don't charge the prices either.
Great self serve pickle bar in the back.  All kinds of extra condiments and sides to add.
It's a rather small place and I would say the decor lends itself to breakfast or lunch.  We go for lunch so I'm not sure how they make out with dinner.  Have been here several times now.  That in itself says a lot since Philadelphia is the home of great small food shops.Hmm. What was good? I had a Reuben and it was ok. The sauerkraut was ok, the meat was ok, the dressing just ok, and the bread and cheese? You guessed it. Just ok. 
It was a warm booth to jump into after walking around a fair bit that day. The waitresses were more interested in talking about their purchases at Starbucks than to help me figure out what was in their dessert display. Probably good deli food, but they could lose the New York attitude. It just didn't appeal to me.All is great!  Gigantic cake slices which will tide you over for days...  the cold cuts on a  party tray are delicious!  Fast service in the restaurant with interesting wait staff...  characters.  Enjoy the total experience but definitely one of the best for a party tray.Update:  My most recent visit had me knock a star off the review.  The service was horrible.  Friendly, but horrible.  The waitress  was clueless and couldn't seem to get anything right as far as our order was concerned. If it had been my first visit it would have been my last.  Luckily I know they can do better so I'll be back.This is only a review of the dessert I ordered- macaroon was awful; super hard and dry, seemed days old. Way overpriced as well.You know how sometimes, the food at a given place is decent, but the service is so abysmal that you can't even taste the food? That's Schlesinger's. 
My friend and I came in to satiate our hankering for bagels, and we walked up to the counter to order. The girl behind the counter was having a conversation with another employee...and she completely ignored us. So we waited...and waited...for several minutes, until she finished her conversation and finally decided we were worth her time. She took our order, and we waited at an empty table for our food to be ready. When it arrived, we decided to open up our to-go bags and have a few bites of food before heading out -- only to have a waitress come over and rudely remark that the section was reserved for table service only, and that if we were going to dirty up her tables by eating on them, we should at least leave a tip. We stared at her and finally asked if she wanted us to leave. She barked, "No, it's fine, but just know for next time." 
So, two things. First, I've been a waitress before, and I would NEVER speak this way to my customers, no matter what. Second, the restaurant was empty, so it's not like we were taking up a potential revenue space for her -- it shouldn't have mattered that we sat down for a few minutes, and the restaurant should have made it clear that certain areas were restricted for table service. 
I've said it before, and I'll say it here -- I'll take my business to a restaurant that wants it, thank you very much. 
Oh, and the bagels weren't even good. 
[Drops mic]I absolutely love this place!  An amazing pickle bar, phenomenal soup and great sandwiches.   The menu is all over the place e.  We got soup and a half sandwich h for 10 bucks but there were full meals in the 20 dollar range.  We happened to get there at just the right time so we sat right down.  When we left, there was a line to get in.
The wait staff was friendly and helpful.  
I would definitely come back!!!The sandwiches are real good, but the pickle bar is amazing. Not only a variety of pickles, but chilled  salads, too. The macaroni salad has to be fresh made, it doesn't have that weird taste supermarket salads have. I would give 5 stars if the rye bread was better, after all it's Philly, which is acclaimed for its bread and rolls.This Jewish deli is another Philly best kept secret. Filled with regulars drinking their coffees while reading the paper, it's always humming. They do hearty breakfast really well. Love their homemade cookies and matzo ball soup. Don't miss the free pickle bar in the back!I live on the same block as this fantastic deli. The cabbage soup, whitefish salad, chicken livers and everything is always very good. Disappointed tonight to find plastic in my salad.. almost choked on it and spit it out. To find as I kept eating there was ANOTHER piece of plastic. Looks like wrapping to a meat product. Beware.Quality of breakfast food here probably a standard 3 stars here, but ...
+1 Star for pickle bar!  I'm not familar with Jewish delis so maybe they all have this -- but I heart pickles so was pleasantly surprised by the complementary pickle buffet.  My first time trying sour tomatoes, yummy.  It doesn't only have pickled veggieseither -- there is macroni salad and potatoe salad.  Sure, pickles before my morning coffee is a bit weird, but heck -- i appreciate the option.
+.5 Star for super cheap prices! -- 2 eggs, 4 turkey sausages, fresh sliced tomatoes, a sesame toasted bagel, and a coffee for $7 including tax and tip?  Um, yes please.
+.5 Star for quick and attentive service!  The waitress we had was super nice and even coming in at 12:30pm on a Saturday, we were able to get seats right away.  We were 20 min away from the start of Mary Poppins so sure appreciated the fast and tasty breakfast.
= 5 Stars :)The food is absolutely delicious!  The best corned beef sandwich in the city of Philadelphia.
The service was great even though they were extremely busy.  I love this place!If you like a good Jewish deli - Schlesinger's is the place in Center City. 
I'll never understand the whiners who post on Yelp expecting to be spoon-fed and coddled to their every whim like Momma has apparently done for them, and then upon the slightest reason post nonsensical and unworthy opinions on this site. 
Schlesingers is the bomb.   Their food is great quality, being exactly what its supposed to be - big, hearty, tasty, and served in a reasonable amount of time.  Its not discount food -  but I don't think our 2 sandwhiches (a turkey burger/fries and a Pastrami on rye with sour kraut)  were overly priced with drinks for a total of $23.00.
If you want to spend $3.00 for lunch and be amazed  - go home to your mom. 
If you want really good Jewish deli in a pleasant atmosphere, try this place out.Decided to give Schelsinger's one more chance because they were still having their free coffee with breakfast special. I called in my order on the way there, turkey bacon, egg and cheese on wheat toast. I picked it up and walked back to my office. Upon unwrapping the sandwich I discover that I was given SAUSAGE, egg and cheese on wheat. When I called to report the mistake, I was told to come back and I could get it replaced. No sorry, no compensation.
Schlesinger's is officially a one star establishment.First time in since they switched to the new management. Service was terrible and the reubens were so-so. I had the pastrami reuben which was "eh" and my partner had the corned beef reuben, which was slightly better. Though cheaper than 4th street, I'd recommend spending the extra money to get a good sandwich.This was my first time here and it's a slightly above average deli. 
I got the egg and cheese with turkey bacon on an everything bagel. Quite good, but nothing spectacular. Decently priced for the breakfast stuff, but all the fish varieties can get quite expensive. 
I've had better coffee.
The pickle bar had a decently large variety of stuff and it was very good.
I'll have to come back and try some of the sandwiches and other platters before I can completely make up my mind about this place.Always meh. Slow service. Food edible. Slightly overpriced for the quality. I can go to mcdonalds if I want some iceberg lettuce and canned oranges as a salad. I've given it about 5 chances. Don't think I'm going back. It's not even worth the convenience.Schlesingers has never done me wrong.  Ive only ever ordered their pastrami and corned beef special.  I stick w what works, and i think its solid. Bonus star for the pickle bar.Superclean super fast and super efficient wait staff is always pleasant & professional! Great place to meet business contacts ---all in with tip $20 for a basic breakfast sandwich and amazingly good coffee! ---Definitely a highlight and a great bargain for Philadelphia old city Rittenhouse area!! Thank you Gideon G. for recommending the spot and sharing your knowledge of your local neighborhood!I really liked this place when it was the Kibitz room, but unfortunately, since it changed names, the food and service has changed as well, and not for the better. My family and I ordered take out last week and had an unpleasant experience with the check out staff. They had some strange new rules about the pickle bar. To make matters worse, they burned all six of our reuben sandwiches, so I don't think I will be going back.How can they possibly go wrong with this kind of food.  There is so much sugar in the potato salad that it tastes like pudding.  How can pastrami be bland?  The help seems confused.  Save some money and go to Little Petes.Love this place! Unlike another popular south Philly delicatessen, Schlesingers serves sandwhiches (pastrami, corned beef, etc...) that you can actually eat like a sandwhich and pay a reasonable price for. Everything I've had there has been super solid. Matzoh ball soup, great corned beef hash, classic sandwhiches; AND, they have a pickle bar!My son and I visited my bro and sister-in-law in Philadelphia. My brother chose a New York style deli for lunch. What a treat!
I had a cup of matzo ball soup and ate a quarter of a pastrami sandwich. The matzo ball was a monster and the broth delicious. The quarter of a pastrami sandwich was just enough and not too salty. Reminded me of the good old days in NYC.
We bought one "black and white " cookie and split it four ways.  
Lastly there is a free pickle bar which has a wide array of lovely pickles, sauerkraut, potato salad, and green tomatoes.
I had to close my eyes while we exited the restaurant as I was afraid I would eat something else.
Try it. You'll like it.Didn't have the time so stopped in here on the way on a whim... Was pleasantly surprised.
Amazing lox and latkes; I ate every last drop of my food--the potatoes were perfectly cooked. The pickle bar looks sketch perched on the back near the restroom but the pickles and pasta salads were delicious.I am finally over this place and the sad thing is it isn't because of the food. The service has been on a fairly steady decline over the years, but my most recent experience was inexcusable.
We got to the restaurant at 8:20pm on Friday night. They are open until 9pm. We were given menus and sat at a table, then told that we could only get takeout because they were closing early due to slow business. And they wonder why business is slow. 
Such a shame, because the food is great, but after multiple bad service experiences, we are done here.If you're in the mood for a deli sandwich while downtown Philadelphia I would highly recommend this place which was packed with locals and people from the nearby neighborhoods
The service was fantastic and the food came out very quickly piled high and grilled to perfection
The sandwiches were so big that we ended up taking much of it back 
While you're waiting for your sandwich they also have a salad bar with the potato salad and macaroni salad and a very interesting selection of pickles that you want to take it vantage ofStopped by this place for brunch while I was visiting Philly, and it is a great diner. Ordered the Matzo Ball soup, which was delicious! The ball was fluffy and the soup salty (but not too salty), just the way I like it. Also had to load up on the free pickle bar. For the price, it really can't be beat.The old Kibitz room has changed management and menus, but not much else has changed.  The decor is the same, and the food is the same, which I've found to be decent, but not great deli.
I stopped in to try one of their new breakfast specials.  $3.95 for two eggs, well-seasoned potatoes, rye toast and La Colombe coffee.  Pretty good stuff, and the $2.95 egg and cheese on bagel got a nice review from my wife.
The space should work better once they put the booths in, and either the heater was broken or the new management is cutting costs on the heat, because the front half of the place was freezing.Great food, Great deserts.  Love the pickle bar.  Best of all you can have half sandwichs.The quality on their food is not as good as it used to, same with the service. I use to order chicken soup, the last two times I havent got any chicken pieces at all in my soup... Very disappointed! And the cream cheese sometimes are dried out, with hard edges, ugh!! They have hired som new girls that is not so friendly, bad attitude and are not even smiling when you are making your order.. Can NOT recommend anymore!This is my favorite jewish deli. Its delicious, dependable and convenient. You really can go wrong with any of the sandwiches (especially their breakfast sandwiches). You also can't beat their breakfast specials (I think it's $5 for coffee eggs toast bacon and hash browns). Service is quick, the coffee is hot and the food is amazing. If you are looking for something sweet, their German chocolate is the best I've ever had!Ever since I cruised down Locust Street, stepped into Schlesinger's for coffee, and saw the outrageously big cakes on their display case, I made a silent promise that Schlesinger's would become my go-to deli. I loved their checkered cake, which I bought for my bf. Even though I'm not a dessert person, I was actually wowed by this piece of heaven. For $6+, they give you a slab that takes up the entirety of the take-out container.
On my second visit, I was a little disappointed. I had a hankering for a lox bagel. When given the choice between "nova" and "regular lox," because I was in a hurry, I didn't bother to ask about the difference and chose regular lox. On the West Coast where I lived for most part of my life, I have only known it as Nova lox. As it turned out, the lox was overwhelmingly salty, as if I was eating a saltwater-flavored bagel. I was curious, so I turned to the almighty Google for some enlightenment. Apparently, lox, in this country, "is made with salmon from the Pacific Ocean. Nova, on the other hand, is generally made from Atlantic salmon (the Nova being short for Nova Scotia)", and is cured in salt and cold-smoked. The name Nova refers to the milder brining, as compared to regular lox. Another lesson on regional differences. I shouldn't, and I encourage fellow Yelpers not to either, fault a vendor for my own ignorance. Next time, I will ensure that I bring my food-conscious brain with me to dinner.This place was a nice sit down typical Jewish deli. They had a complementary pickle bar which was a nice addition. We went here for brunch and everything came out really well. The service was great and we did not have any complaints. It was a little pricey for brunch but it's a city so couldn't blame them.Consistently good food at good prices. I've had breakfast (they have a "working man's" breakfast special, I believe there are 4 options, under $5), lunch and dessert here. Everything has been fresh & tasty.
My office makes large orders on a monthly bases here and they deliver.Review is based on a bagel and a coffee, but I got what I wanted, when I wanted, how I wanted.  So that's why this is four stars.
While coming back from a gorgeous run along the Schuylkill River, I knew I needed coffee and a bagel.  The young lady at the counter was friendly and efficient, and didn't even seem to notice that I was still dripping with sweat and probably smelled like the back seat of a 74 Impala after a road trip from New Mexico to Arkansas.
She took my order, immediately got my iced coffee (which was great) and before I knew it, I also had my tasty toasted bagel with veggie cream cheese.  I was in and out before I could create too large a puddle on the floor so I would say I'm pro-Schlesinger's.In my tiny brown body, theres a hidden jewish glutton somewhere. No Lies.
My new favorite go-to breakfast-lunch spot in center city. It has been for a couple of months now actually. The first time I was at Schlesinger's, it was at 9am so I was able to get their breakfast special of 2 eggs, turkey sausage, home-fries, toast and coffee [for real] for 5.95 ! Thats insane. I was scared the eggs would be greasy and the potato the same, but when my food arrived, it was absolutely the opposite. Pure comfort breakfast! I even had a cute old jewish man keep me company the whole time and give me wise life advices. My second time I got the corned beef hash, and that will satisfy both your meat and potato cravings. 
Third time's the charm! The TK Special, generous portion of brisket on top of two potato pancakes smothered in luscious gravy with a side of apple sauce. When that plate arrived, I was the happiest girl in the block! Brisket was in heaps and cut thick! The potato pancake soaks up the fatty buttery goodness and altogether, this plate is my dream come true and soak up last nights alchohol! Do take advantage of the salad bar, the potato salad is to die for and the sliced cucumber pickles are sweet and delicious! 
I just adore this place!I've been in bed since Thursday recovering from a back injury, and I have a constant craving for their entire menu. The food is amazing, yummy pickle bar, desserts! I want it all! When I can walk again, Schlesinger's will be my first visit!
Their sandwiches are yummy and I love their soups - all of them!Your typical Jewish deli tucked into your typical Philadelphia side street. Every time I've ventured for some fresh cold cuts/brunch to this joint there's always a line or a wait! My people tend to do too much talking after their meal...
Any who, food is always good here and the service is always friendly. This trip service was a little slow due to the holiday weekend. We waited for a solid 25-30 minutes for all of our food to come out. I was so filled up from the dope pickle bar by the time we got our food! 
What we got:
-Chefs Salad (recommend if you're looking for something light with fresh veggies). Portion is huge. Split with your friend. 
-Side of potato pancakes. (VERY GOOD) 
-Pickle bar (free with any purchase) 
Aside from the wait to get a table and for our food, this was an overall great experience. I'll be back.Corn beef hash was awful, omelet was okay. Far more troubling was the approach to customer service. The AC dripped fluid from the ceiling into our food! We brought it to the servers attention who said: "oh, that happens when it gets hot" and then went back to work. Are you kidding?!? I am usually so much from the school of thought that there's only so much a waiter can do and empathize with how hard it must be to handle issues or complaints, but there was no apology, no offer for a replacement dish, or not even an offer to take the food off out bill until we demanded it. Stay far away from this health hazard of a stpre where customer service goes to die!Somewhere between "eh" and "meh," but they get an extra half star for being open for breakfast on Christmas Eve when most everything in the area but Cosi was closed. 
I was pretty excited because I'd been craving apple latkes, and they had potato latkes with the option of applesauce or sour cream. I asked for both. After telling him what challah was, the boyfriend ordered challah French bread. 
The presentation, for both, was weird. First, my latkes were shaped exactly like madeleines and extremely crunchy, which made me think they were baked in madeleine molds. Not bad, just not a latke. The applesauce and sour cream were served in the smallest ever take-out cups, lids and all. Similarly, the boyfriend's maple syrup came in little containers (as opposed to a jug), and the itty bitty tubs of butter were so microscopic that he literally couldn't be bothered opening several of them to spread on his French toast. Also, they didn't have orange juice, not even in bottles, but I guess that goes with the territory when you're open for business on a day when everyone else isn't. 
We also picked up a German chocolate cake and apple strudel for later, and they were both good. And this is where the other half star comes in.
All the staff were friendly and knowledgeable. Good for them.I ordered food to go last weekend as I was craving an egg breakfast.  I ordered the cheese omelet and home fries.  The omelet was good - nice and buttery-tasting American cheese - but the potatoes were extreeeemely salty.  For me to not finish a serving of potatoes is a big deal, and I didn't finish these.
Price was good - $6.95 before tax.  Better than other places that are at least $8 for the same meal.  I just wasn't totally sold on the taters, and they're usually my favorite part of any dish.Had my first ever bowl of Matzah ball soup here. Whoa!  It is so good. Super tasty and not very heavy. Perfect for a cold day. It was packed at lunch time and the place isn't huge. You might have to wait a little. I got it to go and walked back to my office.We often pick up food from Schlesinger's. If you like meat this is the place to eat. Their Reuben's are so big that you can save half the sandwich for the next day, it's extremely much meat in the sandwiches and the wraps. If you like pickles there is a big pickle bar for free. Sadly the salads are boring. Its always very fresh ingredients!Things I enjoyed: PICKLE BAR! My Cranberry-turkey sandwich, friendly waitress 
Things that were not enjoyed: Matzo ball soup, chocolate cake.
The soup was flavorless and I did not like how they added pasta to the soup in addition to the matzo ball. My understanding is that everyone makes it a different way and it is by design, a bland soup. Well, I did not enjoy this one. The chocolate cake was decadent (really good icing) but you could tell it had that "been in the fridge a while" stale taste.Delicious corned beef and pastrami Reuben. Interesting salad bar - more of a pickle bar - but it was tasty and well kept. Would go back in the future.I was excited to try the Reuben.
Unfortunately the Reuben was not great but the real kicker was that the Swiss cheese was missing.  My dinning companion enjoyed the chicken salad with dill.  
The reason for the 2 star and not 3 was the chocolate peanut butter cake.  It tasted as if it was a week old.  I am not sure if that was the case or if it was just bad cake.
With so many options in the City I will not be backCute place but way overpriced for average food in my opinion, id recommend going elsewhere for lunchThis is my absolute favorite spot in Philly for a weekday breakfast. The workweek specials give you a small variety of options (eggs/meat with bagel, pancakes) with coffee for an absolute steal, but the prices on other breakfast items such as chocolate chip pancakes, French toast, or fried matzo, are very reasonable as well.As expected, it's got a loud deli atmosphere. 
I stopped in on a whim because I had some time to kill and a craving for matzo ball soup. The soup was warming, however, the balls were pretty dense for my liking; I prefer mine lighter. It's hard to beat mom's recipe with tons of fresh herbs and homemade stock. 
Service was fine, nothing special. If I was having a hankering again I'd probably go to 4th Street Deli instead. It has a much better vibe.I discovered this place purely by accident -- I'd intended to dine at one of the pubs in the area, forgetting how crowded and noisy they'd be on a Saturday evening -- and I was delighted. The ambience is old-fashioned, like a 1960s diner, with fluorescent lighting and wide, roomy booths. The hot open turkey platter, while arranged a little oddly -- the two slices of bread overlapped, leaving some of the turkey by itself -- was fine, with a good gravy; and they accommodated me when I asked for whole-wheat instead of white. It came with a salad and a side order (I chose the kasha varnishkas, which was first-rate). There's also a "pickle bar" with which to start the meal! And the prices are quite reasonable.We love it here! Kosher style food for when I need some kugel. A little on the expensive side but the food it worth it. Especially the desserts! So many options and all equally delicious.I've only had take-out experiences here, but the service was totally pro in just those few brief seconds, so I'm guessing sitting in would garner the same positive review vibes.
As for the food, I've enjoyed the chicken salad and tuna salad a few times. The chicken salad is very creamy, while the tuna is pretty dry, but that's just how I like them.  I think my tab rang in around $24 for a little over a pound for both, which is not easy on the wallet, but I like it so much!  Plus they gave me a few bags to snag some pickles from the bar. 
On a third visit I stopped in for a breakfast bite. Egg and American cheese on Rye sounds simple enough, but it was super hearty, oozing with cheese and the rye was so perfectly soft in the center and chewy on the edges. The coffee is right, too.For some, there is nothing better than a good, old fashioned Jewish Deli.  Schlesinger's fits the bill nicely.  We stopped in for an early Saturday breakfast bagel as only a Deli can provide.  Despite the sit down service, we got ours to go.  As we waited for the cream cheese to be spread, the bagels toasted, and the lox situated, we noticed the assortment of other delights like roast beef, schmears, and sweets.  I exclaimed an excited utterance of, "gawdamm," when I saw the magnitude of the cakes available.  Uncouth, but true.
So, my girl got an onion bagel with cream cheese and I the most epic lox sandwich of our time.  I had asked for it on pumpernickel bagel, but got it on loaf instead.  I'm sure just a mix up or misunderstanding.  But it was truly epic; filled with tomato, lettuce, onions, cucumber, creamy cream cheese and a fine smoked salmon. The epic comes at a price though, so don't be surprised as we were at the tab. 
I'm interested in their other deli classic sammy's and am sure I'll find myself there soon.  You should too.There's a self-serve pickle bar. That should pretty much speak for itself!
Came here around 1pm on a Sunday - just 2 people. It was pretty crowded, but I think part of the problem was a large party that consumed abut 3-4 tables and just kind of chilled in their spot. There was also a group kind of blocking the door as they waited for a table, which didn't help anyone inside or outside. 
It took maybe 10-15 minutes to get a seat and I ended up sitting next to this ridiculous woman who must have poured on 14oz of 30-year old perfume that morning. Her husband asked if they had pork bacon. Seriously? It's a kosher diner/deli... I'm not faulting the restaurant here. Just a comment on the type of clientele they seem to have.
Anyway.
Aside from the seating situation, the food was good. I had a small bowl of vegetable soup which was delicious, and we partook (?) in the pickle bar, which was awesome. Service was great - the girls were running all over being super attentive and the bus. 
I'd come back, but only when it's not busy. Takeout would probably be a good option since the food was pretty good. For takeout, the pickle bar is not complimentary though, unfortunately.Looking for a place that serves great breakfast at 8 AM? Choices aplenty. Looking for a great place that serves it at 7? Your choices are suddenly pretty limited - the likes of IHOP and so on. Enter Schlesinger.
It opens at 7 AM on weekdays (not sure of their weekend schedule) and has an abundance of choices. The Harvey, which I got, includes two eggs, turkey sausage or bacon, toast, potatoes, and coffee that can be substituted for orange juice, all for a mere $5 and some cents (can't remember the exact price). There are omelettes, French toast and pancakes, and a variety of ?German foods- potatoe pancakes, egg blitzes, etc. You can also pick from their lunch menu selections.  There's also the well-known pickle bar. I'm not a huge pickle fan but it looked like there was a good variety - sweet ones, spicy ones, etc - and I liked the macaroni and cucumber salads. There's a tasty selection of cakes on display. I definitely want to try the strawberry cake next time.
My only criticism is that the service was only average but it may have been due to the surprising number of other diners present at 7:00 on a weekday morning. I think there was only one waitress waiting tables so she might have been a little swamped- my friend's coffee didn't arrive until she was basically done eating, I got turkey bacon instead of turkey sausage, and my toast was burnt so I was scraping off the burnt parts with my knife.
Other than that, the variety of options was on point and the prices (at least for the breakfast options, I didn't look too carefully at the lunch or dinner menu) were very reasonable. I want to try the huge layered strawberry cake when I come back next.I ordered delivery from Schlesinger's during a meeting in Philly. So thankful they were able to deliver my order so late and close to their closing time. You have great people working there!! Thank you so much and everything was delicious!I visited Schlesingers last night with a party of 6 for dinner a little before 6. I've dined here numerous times and bragged about how good the food is. We had family in from Florida who are frequent Jewish deligoers so their expectations were high, especially since we talked up how much we loved it. While we were seated pretty much as soon as we got there, things seemed to go downhill from there. It looked like there were only two waitresses working in the whole restaurant. We ordered a variety of cold and warm sandwiches as well as soup. It was a good thing that there was a pickle bar because we did not get our food until a little before 7. Not once did our waitress say to us sorry for the wait or ask how we were doing. The matzoh ball soup (that we raved about) that two people ordered came out with their dinner and was luke warm. Someone also ordered a potato pancake and was extremely disappointed as this was not what a typical latke tasted like. I will make a note that although I did not eat the kasha and bow ties, it was a hit with our table and was delicious. Once we were finished with our dinner we had ask separately for coffee 3 times for 3 people as our waitress never asked if we wanted coffee or dessert. I had asked what hamentashen the bakery had (hands down the best hamentashen I have ever had previously before last night) and after taking 10 minutes to tell me what they offered, she told me two flavors and mentioned she forgot the rest. Since service was terrible we all decided to pay the bill and order dessert at the counter as we also wanted to free up the table since the restaurant had gotten significantly busy.
On our walk home our out of town guests asked if we would go there again and I was torn as I've had both excellent and terrible experiences here. I can definitely say I will be back for bakery items but I might need to seek elsewhere for my Jewish deli needs.Its really good, great sammiches, and the free pickle/pepper/potato salad bar is a nice surprise!Work right around corner from here. Jewish deli sandwiches are big and tasty. Service is amazing! Would be five stars but is a bit pricey. Good go to deli.Nicole and I went here for brunch - we weren't very hungry, so we split the Eastern Omelette. It was very tasty, and they even served it on two plates for us! We will definitely be coming back here, very nice diner in the heart of Philadelphia.Had breakfast here today.  Service was good and it didn't take long to order or get the food.  I had corned beef scramble with home fries.  Home fries were good, scramble could have been a bit better.  Toast was good.  In town for work so doubt I'll be back but happy with my choice for a quick bite close to the Raddison.For my cousin's post-30th birthday brunch, we needed a serious amount of heavy food to reinvigorate our livers. Naturally, we turned to our people.
Schlesinger's has all the appearances of a Jewish deli, but didn't quite deliver on the premise. They have an incredible-looking display case that's filled with cold cuts, salads and enormous desserts. In practice, not everything tasted as good as it looked.
I got a turkey bacon, egg and cheese wrap. It was good, although a little heavy on the cheese. The bagels are Philly bagels (see my thoughts here: http://www.yelp.com/biz/brooklyn-bagel-and-coffee-company-astoria-2#hrid:-rbSYHcfZHzS9_Z7oL0srA), and therefore sad. My challah french toast was very soggy, but the fresh challah loaf we bought was a little dry.
Some of the desserts had more promise. I got a macaroon while I was waiting, and I liked it a lot. And then there were the black & whites. Holy crap...they were delicious and huge. I haven't seen so much black and white crammed together since Eminem played Yankee Stadium.
While we were there (we got everything to go), the cashier was having a petty fight with one of the servers. At first it was funny, but they were bickering for 10 minutes about who should be seating new customers. The cashier rolled her eyes and said "I can't stand that guy!" I wouldn't consider this a good Jewish deli without lots of complaining, but it wasn't the most professional thing in the world.
Overall, it's always good to see a taste of NY in Philly, but there's room for improvement here.If it was in NYC it would get three stars, but there just aren't too many decent Jewish delis in Philadelphia. I go about once a month and get a lox bagel with a side of whitefish. The pickle bar and cold salads aren't bad (and they're complimentary). The dessert, well that's hit-or-miss. My red velvet cake I shared with a friend was somewhat stale and the icing over-thick (you know what I mean, probably). 
But if you need a pastrami sandwich or some smoked fish, this is one of the only games in town. And it's a perfectly good place for lunch. The sandwiches are more like brownstones instead of the skyscrapers you get in New York, but who is going to eat that much corned beef, anyway?Our server Coco was friendly and attentive. She is the reason I gave four stars as opposed to three. The restaurant has a family style feel and the food portions were the right size for the price. My reason for leaving out a star was taste.  The food was just ok.  Nothing to write home about.  If I were to come back it would be for the family atmosphere and not the food.There's a really fun pickle bar in the back of the restaurant to snack on while you wait. And the wait is long.
I came for a Saturday brunch and it took almost 90 minutes to get our food. 
The decor has a old style diner feel. The meal was delicious but definitely was not worth the wait.This is a place around the corner from where I live. I have been here about 30 times over the years I have lived here in center city and it's the best Jewish style food in the area. 
That being said, the only reason I did not give it 5 stars but only 4 is because of dishes like the soup that seemed the tiniest bit too salty and because of overall cleanliness of the space. If you don't know what this means, just don't look up at the ceiling and you will understand. 
Overall, a quaint medium sized diner style, non kosher, Jewish deli/breakfast lunch and dinner must in the city! Visit today and try the latkes with apple sauce, open faced corned beef and free pickle bar.4.5 stars
Being from NYC, one of the last places I would've chosen to eat at while in Philly would've been a deli. So when our friends suggested we eat at Schlesinger's, my expectations were not very high. 
With that said, we had a great experience there. Pastrami Reuben was excellent, home made french fries were fantastic, matzoh ball soup very good and free pickle/potato salad/pepper bar was a nice bonus. Portions were very good size, prices very reasonable and our server, while a little on the slow side (which was fine being that we weren't in any rush) was very friendly and accomodating. 
I can't believe I am saying this but my next trip from NYC will likely include a stop at Schlesingers (provided I still have time to stop at Jim's for a cheesesteaks).Great food, complimentary pickle bar, reasonably priced.  I'm a huge fan of their soups and while I haven't tried any of the desserts in the case they look fantastic.No stars.  Stopped by at 8:25 pm and the place was closed.  Posted hours online and on their door said 9:00 pm close.  Honor your hours.The corned beef sandwich was so good that I'm putting this as my number 1 place in Philadelphia to get a sandwich. It was so tasty it melted in my mouth. I brought a friend down to try it and she loved it also. Only problem is the office I went to across street from them has moved to city line ave. leaving me no reason to be in town. I'm going to catch train in town just to get one or two of those delicious sandwiches.Great place for inexpensive breakfast! Huge menu with large complimentary pickle bar.Grew up on Hymie's Deli (I thought it was our kitchen) so when I learned this place was run by them, I had to visit now that I live in town.  Been there three times and it's Hymie's Lite:  portions are much smaller, prices somewhat higher, menu more limited, quality less.  I got a specialty grilled sandwich I normally order at Hymie's, assuming I'd take half home as always.  Turned out, it came sorta forlorn on the plate, I finished it easily and should've ordered a starter.  That aforementioned sandwich also came grilled on the outside but cold on the inside.  My mom's blintzes came burned on the bottom.  I've had the fried matzah which was great and basic sandwiches are respectable.  Never ordered desserts.  Staff's friendly, location's convenient.My favorite Jewish deli in the city! (Yes, I like it more than famous 4th) everything is delicious and the sandwiches are big but not TOO big, they're just right. And of course the pickle bar is on point. Love me some Schlesinger's!My wife and I happened to end up in Philly for our 26th anniversary. We did our regular pub crawl then, after walking past, decided to have dinner here. We had matzo ball soup, brisket on potato pancakes, pastrami sandwich, and pickles from the salad bar. It wasn't quite NYC level but it was authentic and really tasty. We finished with a black & white cookie. They were thick but the icing was very nice. We really enjoyed the meal.Lunch or brunch, there is nothing not awesome about this place. Make sure to get some latkes.I think the picture says it all here... I ordered a combo with a half a pastrami on rye and a bowl of soup. We laughed when the sandwich arrived; there was so little pastrami that it looked like two slices of bread with mustard between them. I assumed this must be a mistake, but when I called over the waitress she said that's normal and they weigh it out. I was lost for words and didn't know what to even say. I also wish they had some pasta salas, cole slaw, or potato salad, but they were out of all three. I don't recall having such a bad experience here before, I wonder what's happening.Horrible customer service and mediocre food. I walked in on a Friday afternoon, hardly any patrons. I was not asked by the hostess whether or not I wanted to dine in or take out. She assumed I was taking out and presumed to put my matzo ball soup in plastic containers. I seated myself somewhat confused about why no one was seating me. Within a few minutes she handed me my order in a plastic bag. When she saw me unwrapping it, instead of asking whether I would like the soup in a bowl since I was clearly eating in she rudely states "we have a sit down service so please leave the waitress a tip, she has to clean up after you." Confused by the severe lack of customer service I opened the soup container which was overfilled and began to spill all over the table and on me. I had to grab my own napkins as the same rude lady behind the counter completely ignored the situation. I left and will never return. As a first time customer that left a very bad taste in my mouth.I only wish I lived or worked closer to them.  The very definition of a jewish deli, giant sandwiches, matzah ball soup and an awesome pickle bar.Great place for sandwiches.  Corned beef and pastrami is one of the best in Philly on par with Famous 4th Street Deli.  The turkey sandwich is also great extremely tender and flavorful.  When you eat in you get access to the pickle bar which has a great variety of sweet and sour pickles.   The cup of soup and 1/2 sandwich combo is also a great deal for those of you who can't decide what to get
Omelettes aren't anything to write home about and I would avoid the Asian Chicken Salad.Unfortunately, my experience here was shared with a few friends in a hectic disarray as we were  tight on time and couldn't miss our bus for the Super Bowl back in NY. Most of us ordered the soup and sandwich combo and got various pairings. I had the chicken noodle soup with beef brisket sandwich and it was delectable. The soup wasn't anything special as it lacked chicken but the beef brisket was on point. A healthy slab of juicy meat in between two plain slices of bread. Perfect. All the other sandwiches my other friends had, turkey, beef tongue, etc. looked and apparently tasted great too. Quick and easy food with friendly service in a diner style set up. No wait time and accommodated a large group rather easily.I grew up eating at Ben's Kosher Deli on Long Island, and if you know Ben's, or you've eaten there before, you'll understand why Schlesinger's is the next best Ben's outside of NY.  
Granted, I know the kosher and kosher-style delis of the Delray Beach/Boca Raton area are pretty decent, but it's been a long time since my grandparents have taken me there to "show off their granddaughter."
The matzo ball soup at Schlesinger's is great. The matzo balls don't sit like lead, or a Dunkin' Donuts doughnut, in your stomach after you've consumed them. I once made the mistake of ordering a bowl of soup instead of a cup, and after I placed my eyes back in my head, I took on consuming the contents of the bowl as sort of a challenge.  Tried as I might, I just couldn't finish it. Had I been on an episode of Man vs. Food, food would have won, for sure!  And anyplace that serves Dr. Brown's Black Cherry soda in a can is high on my list!
Their black and white cookies fall short compared to what I was used to consuming, but what do you expect, they're not from NY.  As a NY Jew living in Pennsylvania I don't have a lot of options for decent "jewish" food, this comes pretty close and allows for a taste of home.  It's not home, but it's as close as I'm going to get around here.After walking by this place a few times, my wife and I finally tried it for breakfast. The service was quick and food was great. I had the corned beef hash with an over easy egg and my wife had a breakfast bagel sandwich with a side of hash. My wife enjoyed the complimentary pickle bar (even though we there for breakfast lol).  I really want to go back for lunch.Simple fact is the food here is absolutely terrible. Breakfast food is disgusting, don't order from here if you enjoy food. Only plus is that if you're hungry, you'll be so disgusted that you'll be lose your appetite very quickly.I walked in for takeout lunch last week. I planned to grab a menu and order at the counter when I got there. The menu is overwhelmingly big, so I'd recommend taking a look at it beforehand. They have a lunch combo, and I had half a sandwich and a soup. I had a cranberry turkey sandwich and the matzo ball soup. The sandwich was ok, I probably wouldn't get it again, but the soup was great. I thought it was a little pricey for lunch, but I'd like to go back and eat in to try out this pickle bar everyone is talking about! The service was quick and friendly.As a Northeast Philly born & raised Jew who loves her jewish deli's, living in Delaware County, I've missed having a jewish deli within minutes. Sure I can pick up some supermarket nova at the fish counter at Giant, but it's not the same when it's served to you on an everything bagel with cream cheese, lettuce, tomatoes, red onions, cucumber and black olives. I was happy when my friend suggested this restaurant for brunch yesterday.  Not only did the bagel with lox & all the fixings hit the spot, but that pickle bar was EVERYTHING!! The health salad was sooo good! Of course I had to get some bakery items to go. I got 2 brownies, 2 rugelach of each flavor, and a black & white cookie to feed an army. Sampled each of the desserts this morning; all delicious except for the brownies. They were super dry and crumbly; not how I like a good brownie. The saving grace for the brownies was the frosting. Got a few pickles & sour tomatoes to go, as well. I'd definitely come back, but skip the sweets!Walked in and ordered from the counter, my usual: lean corned beef on rye with Russian, chips and a Dr. Brown cherry soda. Everything was on Fleek have no complaints. Sandwich was not overloaded.-5 stars. Just left Flywheel at 10:30am on 8/13/17. It wasn't very busy, however I waited patiently with a friend for 7 minutes and finally the girl at the counter looks up and said yes completely curbing any enthusiasm. While her coworker was stuffing her face (short Asian girl with glasses since we couldn't understand her name hence the food in her mouth)with food we simply asked if we could have a booth and once we could understand her after she finished swallowing her food she told us nope they are for parties of three or more yet there were other booths with only two and one girl all alone. If the first ten minutes of being there showed their level or lack of professionalism we decided to go across the street to Cinder for some real service.
Response to Sara below:
Hello Sara this response clearly shows how unprofessional you are by trying to be argumentative to a potential customer and telling me I should not leave a review because we decided to go somewhere else with better service. You said it yourself you were finalizing your credit card receipts which we understand, however a simple nod or gesture or something to let us know that it will be a bit goes a long way, not ignoring us. While you were busy your worker was just standing there as well behind you apparently finishing her food since she must have missed breakfast. It isn't proper for employees to be eating in front of customers especially while trying to talk with them unless thats acceptable now in the industry. It wasn't the booth that upset us it was the entire experience and that would have been great if someone explained that to us while we were there yet no one cared to do so. Also, there was no laughter whatsoever if anything it was a look of disgust as we walked out because we did not find the situation funny whatsoever. Additionally, what I find irresponsible is your lack of management skills as well as common sense to greet your customers instead of having them just stands for several minutes waiting for you to finish finalizing your credit card receipts. If you are the manager I can only imagine what others get away with there and by you not accepting any responsibility on the poor attentiveness we received shows that you could use some training on how to treat and deal with customers  as well as manage. I hope you didn't take the time to respond to me at the expense of other customers!Stumbled upon this place by accident. Had the corned beef hash and egg, partner had basic eggs, toast and home fries. Was some of the best breakfast food ever. Everything is home made, pickle bar was awesome! Definitely want to go back again sometime. Service was great and huge portions. Yum!!! Big thumbs up!I've been to Schlesinger's 3 times now for brunch, lunch, and dinner. Their menu is seemingly endless; there is something for everyone and the free pickle bar is standard, but great just the same!
This past Saturday I went in around 1pm with a friend. It was busy as usual, and we were seated at what I now recognize as the least desirable location. It was a two top table next to the drink cooler in the corner. It was really cold because the front door kept open and closing. We were constantly having to move out of the way, not because we were taking up a lot of room, just because the servers needed to squeeze by us to reach the booths by the windows. Avoid that area! The busboy or I should say busman also was making very inappropriate gestures and longing glances at the waitresses as they were bent over clearing the tables near us. Very uncomfortable to watch. For the food, I opted for the open faced thanksgiving turkey sandwich on white bread smothered in gravy. I usually order the brisket sandwich with Russian dressing and will not be deviating from that order in the future. The turkey sandwich was good, but the gravy wasn't my favorite and the dish itself was just ok despite the waitress saying "Great Choice!" My friend had a Reuben, toasted rather than grilled to avoid the grease. While my meal wasn't my favorite, the brisket is pretty good and it's a decent meal when you're hungry. I also love the Dr. Brown's diet cream soda.In December, The Kibbitz Room changed owners and became Schlesinger's. Luckily, Center City did not lose out on a Jewish style deli, the general gist of the restaurant has been maintained. But the hours of been expanded and the menu has grown a bit.
I stopped by to check out the quality of the deli sandwiches. But the question on my mind was a serious one, what became of the briny heaven that I loved about Kibbitz Room, what happened to the pickle bar?
The glorious pickle bar is still there, smart move Schlesinger's, you would have had one disgruntled lady to deal with if you took that away. The complimentary bar is yours to ravage if you are dining in, but take out pickle orders are $4 a pound.
I am pretty sure that an option of a half sandwich and soup or salad ($8.95).  I got the pastrami, which was served as simple as you can get- slices of meat on rye bread, nothing else. I had to add my own mustard, but beyond that can't see any other additions improving  this sandwich. Frills aren't really needed here. I was quite content with my pile of meat on bread. The pastrami had a lovely spiced rind and just a touch of appropriate fat laced throughout.
The other half of my combo did not fair so well. The matzah ball soup was abysmal. The soup was watery and lacking salt or any other real flavor. The matzah ball was grainy and tasteless. Maybe the pick two was not the right move here.Disappointed. I ordered matzo ball soup and a potato pancake for take out. This was the portion size for the potato pancake which costs $3.25!! Not worth it.This may have been the worst experience ever! Everyone warned me that the staff was extremely rude and the wait time is long. I gave it a shot anyway. Our waitress was so incredibly rude and made me feel as though my entire existence was an inconvenience. We ordered soup and my oh my it took forever! I ordered a sandwich and  I can't believe they'd serve something so foul. I asked for my bill and got ignored. Go to any other place in the city as this one is awful!Breakfast really a disappointment. 
Cooks and back of house crew constantly  berating waitresses. Like no supervision at all  Good was gross 
Expensive place which quality doesn't come close to price point .epic failI'm only giving 2 stars because of the pickle and salad bar otherwise, it would be 1 star. The wait staff was completely rude and obnoxious. I was there twice before for breakfast and it was great.  I tried it for lunch this weekend and it was terrible. I ordered a corn beef sandwich and cup of coffee. The sandwich came and had about 4 slices of corn beef. They are obviously trying to save money by not trimming the fat off their meat and skimping on portions. The girls the leave to run the place seem like college age girls who seemed to be competing on who could be more rude. They charge $2.25 for coffee and never asked if I want a refill. I could see if there were people there but place was empty. Seems like it was a good place in its day but quickly going down hill.We had lunch at this Schlesinger's. I had a Cobb salad, which came with burned, dried and cold chicken served on top of watery lettuce and burned dressing on a side. Truly uneatable.  I complained to our waitress who still charged for entire thing (including $2 for a slice of bread). My wife had a veggie wrap and felt sick and nauseous for 2 days in a row. Overall, we'll never go back to this placeHad a nice pastrami on rye, well worthy of 4 stars, but am still bitter re the previous unripe-avacado-in-my-sandwich experience.This is what all Deli's should aspire too.  Huge portions of perfectly seasoned cuts.  Always a few new things in the deli case to try, and the pickel bar at the back can take the place of most appetizer needs.
I usually start off with the chicken noodle soup.  Robust and deep flavor in the stock, noodles are pefectly cooked (instead of the usual overcooked sogginess you find at diners), and the chicken pieces are still moist.  Winter or summer, it's the pefect start to lunch.
The sandwiches are as endless as your imagination.  Try something new from the menu, or just tell the waitress what your favorite is...you won't be disappointed.  I usually opt for a roast beef of rye or the Reuben.
While your sandwich is beng made, be sure to go in the back and load up a plate from the pickle bar.  What is a "pickle bar"  you ask?  well, it's pretty much 10 different kinds of pickled cucumbers, and other veggies with one or two bins of pasta and/or potato salad thrown in.  Be sure to sample them all, but be warned, some of the pickles are hot!
When you're stuffed (and you will be), get a container for your leftovers and when paying at the register, be sure to add a few of the cookies to your bill to snack on as you walk away.
They only do delivery in a 5 block radius, and parkng is a pain, but the effort is worth it.Decent deli. I didn't delve into the cured offerings and shall update when I do so but, in the interest of remaining svelte and clear of artery, had opted for a turkey based "Fly on the Wall" which could have been excellent but cake-of-soap hard, unripe avocado? Really?  And you call that slaw? Have you never heard of cider vinegar? 
Great pickles at least.First time here, really wanted to like this place. I am willing to give it another shot but damn, the service was horrible.
I was in a really good mood because i had just finished my summer classes, wanted to try a bagel at a new place, big mistake. Stopped in here cause it's two blocks from my job and I've been eyeing this place for a while. 
Anyway, I walk in, order a bagel, toasted, with chives cream cheese/spread. 
While the counter girl wasn't very rude to me, she was having a bad day or was just horrible with customer service. 
This bagel took like 15 minutes! and the whole time I was waiting, I witnessed how angry/upset the counter girl was and how she treated other customers. It was basically dead in the place, so I'm not really sure why my bagel took 15 minutes?
Luckily, the counter girl eventually noticed how long i was waiting and complained to her co-worker pretty loudly, asking him why it was taking so long.
I got my bagel, and tried brushing it off but I get to my office and it was barely toasted, and I didn't even get the chives cream cheese I paid for. I contemplated walking back to complain but at this point, I'm just hungry and will try to enjoy my bagel, which also feels like stiff from being so old.
I should've just stuck to Dunkin Donuts.I've been coming here for a long time and really do like the food and staff. But the owner changed one of his policies that will make me think twice about coming back. If you eat in, you have access, free of charge, to the pickle bar. I've seen people with heaping bowls overflowing with different kinds of pickles, etc.  If you order take-out, as I often do, if you want to access the pickle bar, you have to pay $6 per pound.   I was told it was because the take-out customers were abusing the privilege. Take-out customers were given a small baggie. I'm not sure how on earth take-out customers could fit even half as much in those little baggies as eat-in customers can fit in the bowls (sometimes multiple!). 
The take-out customers are being short-changed by a cheap and cheesy policy.  Looks like I might be in the market for a new sandwich place.Another great experience! Love the food and love the staff. They're so accommodating to my service dog and me, and we love going there. Jade was a wonderful server, and other staff got us seated quickly in an accommodating booth. Thank you, thank you!Sometimes you're just in the mood for a Jewish deli sandwich and this place hits the spot. Great deli meats and an added Pickle bar just because you have to have those pickles. Some booths inside plus tables for dining in. Service was fine. Plenty of choices to satisfy everyone be prepared these are some big meat sandwiches.HUGE portions. Don't go here if you're "not that hungry" because you will not be able to finish your meal. I personally love their split pea soup, I call and ask if its there because they change their soups daily. They have a pickle bar which is great if you're into them like me!Loving my Stanleyy Reuben.  Everything was delicious! Your classic deli in thd heart of Center City.I have walked by this Jewish Deli in Center City and never went in. On a whim, last night, we remedied that situation. 
Had a hot pastrami, cole slaw, and Russian dressing on rye sandwich. The pastrami was excellent, with a really nice smoky essence to it. The rye was nice and fresh and the sandwich was large, but not comically so. Was dull when I left but not sick or ready to pass out from sheer gluttony. 
They also have a nice pickle bar that patrons can partake of with a nice array of pickles and mac and potato and health salads. 
This is a good find and I will definitely go back.I'm writing my first yelp review because of what an awful and hostile experience I had here. Im not sure if the food or the service was worse, but together they made it my worst dining experience probably ever. The eggs and potatoes looked like dog food thrown on a plate. The taste was equally gross. The service was incredibly unfriendly, and kinda made you feel like you were bothering them just by existing. The woman next to me was blasting videos on her phone, so I got up to move to another table closer to the TV. The waitress was clearly upset with me that I moved tables, and treated me even worse after that. When I payed my check I asked if they allow their diners to listen loudly to music/videos and I was told "people are allowed to do whatever they want here" and "we can't stop people from being on their phones". Never got a thank you, have a good day, or even an apology. Gross food with obnoxious and very hostile atmosphere. Very upset I ever gave this place a chance..The perfect Jewish Deli in Philadelphia.
Familiar faces every Sunday, fast service and impeccable food.Food isn't as good as it used to be...not sure why it's slipping.
Hope things improve or be forced to go elsewhereHad a salami on an everything bagel w potato pancakes. Food was delicious. Server was friendly and service was very good. Really like the pickle bar too.This place does not meet the expectations of a good deli. The portions are small and when it comes to filling a takeout order they never get it right. We live in the neighborhood and have tried them many times. Wish there was a decent deli nearby.I work two blocks away from here, so I have been wanting to try it for a while. The first time I attempted to go was for the free coffee with breakfast special they have from 7-10 on weekdays. I happened to show up at 10 on the dot one day ( I didn't know that's when it ended) and asked if I could still get the special. The waitress informed me that the special is removed from the computer at 10 so I couldn't. But, really, you couldn't just charge me for my breakfast and just give me a coffee?? It really has nothing to do with the computer. Strike one. 
I decided to give them another try when I saw that they had a greek salad with chicken for $10. They were also decently busy when I went to pick up my order. Pros: the salad was huge, looked fresh, and they even packed the warm chicken in a separate container. Cons: I forgot to ask for the dressing on the side, and unfortunately whoever put it on had a heavy hand. I am also pretty disappointed that it only has tomatoes, cucumbers, and peppers. Where are my olives??? That's the best part of a greek salad. If you're not gonna give me artichokes or chickpeas, at least give me that. 
The only thing saving this from 2 stars is how much food I got for what I paid.This place was cruising for a solid four-star review. I had stopped in for breakfast a few times and had good experiences both eating in and getting food to-go - good servings, menu with lots of variety, great friendly service. But then I came for lunch and was introduced to the wonder that is the pickle bar. Oh my dear sweet gherkin, what an incredible idea - complimentary pickles, pickled veggies, potato and macaroni salads ... a lovely accompaniment to my delicious turkey pastrami sandwich, made exactly the way I asked for it. And on my way out I had to snag one of their delicious black and white cookies, which are approximately the size of my head and full of deliciousness. 
So there you have it: four stars for delicious food, great service, and reasonable prices, and a fifth star for having a pickle bar which is awesome.We stopped in for breakfast before leaving for the airport (we showed up right as they unlocked the door at 7).  We ordered eggs (me: over easy; boyfriend: over hard) and had a meat (me: turkey bacon; boyfriend: sausage).  I think the sausage is the correct choice of the two, the bacon was VERY thick slices and I'm more of a crispy bacon kind of gal.  The potatoes weren't too memorable (in fact, I don't think I finished them which is rare for me) but the price was right.  I'd go back for breakfast and try the chocolate chip pancakes!  
We also placed an order for sandwiches so we wouldn't feel compelled to eat at the airport.  I got a turkey wrap and boyfriend got a turkey sandwich (we are SO interesting).  I was a bit surprised that the total for those came to like $20+ and probably wouldn't do that again.  I do like the pickle bar and their food is good quality, I'm just not sure I can justify $20 for two sandwiches (and tiny containers of cole slaw/potato salad... maybe if I took 15 pickles it would make sense).Great local spot.  
Huge menu including breakfast.  Amazing selection of sandwiches and entrees.  The deserts are bigger than my head 
pickle bar is complimentary and a very cool touch.This place used to be great. The last few times have been a huge disappointment. Portions have gotten small, service is slow and food comes out Luke warm at best. Today was atrocious! Ordered an egg and cheese bagel sandwich. Everything was cold except the turkey sausage which was warm. The bagel was chewy and inedible.I went there for brunch because we couldn't get into a number of other Center city places and boy was I pleased. The service was great without being over solicitous. The food fresh and generous and delicious for a Jewish-style brunch. The bagel plate for two was enough for 3-4. They happily provided 4 bagels. The pickle bar was an added bonus. It's funny how many pickled green tomatoes and great potato salad you can stuff in when it's "free".I absolutely love this place. My friend and I dined here twice in one week. It's very cozy and homey. The smell is amazing when you walk in. I had the challah French toast with turkey bacon and eggs. The service is also pretty good. 
They also have a large variety of delicious looking pastries and meats. I will be back to try more of their menu items.Excellent! Had the home made cheese blintzes and was totally satisfied.  The coffee was great. They use La Colombe coffee. Service was good. No complaints. I'll definitely will be back for breakfast.Although this place is here since 1920s I only discovered it today.
Here are the highlights:-
- yes you can't beat the price, a filling breakfast with coffee is less than $6.
- nice atmosphere, good place to start your day.
- Food quality is O.K. Nothing fancy here people.
My experience here is based on breakfast.
I came just after they opened and the place was full of people. I was confused when I entered, is it deli style or Resturant style. Given the huge counter I went there to the cashier who was nice enough to seat me and give me the menu, later the waiter came and took my order. Services is fast although the place was packed and only one waiter was working that day. I ordered Harvey breakfast, I liked the egg and the sausage, however the potato was not their best. I would come again? I am not sure, but you better give it a try who knows!This place was recommended to my sisters and I by the barista at a place around the corner from here when we were looking for an easy, delicious, inexpensive brunch. I got an omelet that was big and filling. My sisters got sandwiches that were GIANT and enjoyed the pickle bar. Service was quick and the prices were very reasonable for the amount of food.