went on a fri night and the food was good, but service was horrible. we weren't given menus and we had to track down a server to request menus, order, ask for refills, etc.Clyde is the most professional server this side of the city. Call Clyde if you want a good time ;)Best Korean food I have in U.S. . The BBQ is so so so GREAT! What's more important for me, I won't smell bad after the BBQ because of its good ventilator.I've always wanted Korean BBQ, and this place definitely did not disappoint! The food was so good, and I loved using the grill to cook everything. Also, our waiter Clyde was the man, he made sure we had everything we needed :)What can I say. Seorabol is as good as it gets. It is by fair the very best Korean restaurant I've ever had in the US. BBQ and Jjigae are both good. Soy sauce crab is superb!Absolutely love coming here! I love the nice ajummas and waiters. This is the only korean spot I would only go to because of their fresh veggies and bbq. Absolutely love the side dishes! If i could give 10 stars i would. The food is worth the money considering you are getting a lot to eat! The only best korean bbq spot in philly!Surprised by the size of the restaurant. It was my first time getting Korean food in Philly so I honestly didn't know what to expect and may be biased with my rating. In one line, "The food was alright but I've tasted better - their service was mediocre" 
There was a kind gentleman who opened the door for us when we arrived at the restaurant. Super kind! Then the hostess greeted us and seated us (a group of 6) in the large dining area. It seemed to be a busy Friday night. We ordered 3 large dishes and they were all delicious with small wish for improvements. 
1) Bossam was delicious - thinly sliced and comes with fresh oysters. The radish kimchi was well seasoned and the salted cabbage was really good too! Overall really fresh ingredients. BUT I could smell something really porky- I am fine with it but I know that some sensitive people won't be happy with the smell the dweji 
2) kimchi dweji dooroochigi - This was really good too. The pork was well simmered and tender. The tofu in it was delicious too - firm in shape but tender tasting. One thing that would make it better would be if the kimchi had more texture. The kimchi just broke down - not a slight bit of crunch. But it was really well seasoned - loved the coarse cracked peppers. 
3) Nakji jeongol - This was my least favorite dish. I think our waiter forgot about us and overcooked it. Nakji (Octopus) is best when it is cooked just the right amount. when overcooked, it becomes tough. And that's what happened to ours - It became tough. The broth was delicious but a little disappointing with the octopus itself. 
I really don't know what to expect in Philly for good Korean food so I may be biased in my review. Delicious food regardless but i've had better. It was alright. A-Okay~Third time's the charm! Each time I eat here I hone what I like and how much food we should order (very easy to over order with the appetizer accompaniment).
Absolutely love the mandu and kimchee pancake. Got an assortment of meats for the grill: bulgogi, spicy beef and pork.
The wait ~7pm on a Saturday was about 30-45 minutes, but it was well worth the wait. And the palate-cleansing drink (cinnamon based) is quite delightful.
The only cons: green tea served in plastic pitchers pick up the plastic taste.Honestly the best Korean BBQ place in Philly; no other restaurant can compare!! I've tried a lot of restaurants trying to find authentic Korean food and Seorabol is hands down the best. I've been coming here for years ever since! Actually, I'm having dinner with my coworkers and friend Tiffany right now as I write this review haha. Definitely worth trying! Great food and great service! 
Not the type to usually write a review so credit goes to Clyde for convincing me to write this reviewPlace was quite busy on a Saturday night but we weren't getting BBQ so got a table right away. Will say that the service wasn't that good since we didn't get our dishes much later than my other dining buddy. We were suppose to get a seafood pancake but we got plain. Although the plain pancake was full of scallions and tasty. Overall the price and amount of food is always good but service tonight wasn't. This is still my #1 rank Korean restaurant and I'll always be coming back here.OMG the banchan here is unbeatable. If you've read my previous reviews of Korean restaurants, you know I am heavily (and maybe unfairly) swayed by the quality of the banchan offerings. Holy moly, Seorabol is so generous with their very delicious and fresh banchan! It includes grilled mackerel in addition to the other more commonly seen banchan in the US. We decided on the seafood hotpot. It was my first time having Korean-style hotpot. I'm used to shabu shabu and Mongolian-style hotpot. Korean hotpot is basically a huge pot of stew, which the servers bring to your table after all the ingredients have already been added (in an artful way, of course. Koreans are all about food presentation). Oh my gosh everything was so delicious. It was also helpful that each table gets their own large bottle of water, so you don't have to wait around for the servers to refill your cup. It's really too bad that I've moved away from the area, or else I would be a regular. The prices are also not bad at all! Great atmosphere- mostly Koreans speaking Korean, so you know the food is authentic!I love this place for oh so many many reasons lol
I love the bbq and all it side dishes
I love the spicy tuna maki roll
Awesome service
Will recommend to everyoneThe best Korean food I had in Philadelphia so far. Food was spicy and tasted wonderful and the portions sizes were what are expected eating at a Korean restaurant.The best thing ever in philly. If you ever want authentic korean food you have to stop by here. Though it is expensive but its worth it.Best Korean BBQ place in philly. Great food and hospitality. Seafood pancakes are amazing as well as their prime rib BBQAwesome Korean bbq, a place to go out of your way/embark on a long drive for. The meats are fresh, sauces excellent, and we were served the usual selection of complimentary appetizers in small tiny serving bowls.My friends introduced me to this place cause i didn't know my way around here yet but I have seem to notice why my friends have to make a reservation.  I now know why cause no  wonder why they are so packed.  Their foods are really good. I'm glad I came here for my vacation. We had a blast and we will be backBest Kbbq in town! I been going to Seorabol for years and thats the only KBBQ restaurant I'll go to. Also, they got excellent service! Super on POINT! I dream about going to Seorabol everyday.If your looking for the best Korean restaurant., you need to stop by Seorabol Korean Restaurant in Philly. I must say, I have traveled to many different Korean restaurants in America and this is the best Korean restaurant I've ever been to. They use the right amount of spices to create the perfect flavor in every dish. One of my favorite food is Soon Doo Boo Soup (Spicy, tender, juicy, and mouth watering).Went to Seorabol for the first time with my family.  We all enjoyed it.  Everything was good and excellent service.  Definitely will come back!Appreciated the manager who took his time to reach out and rectify the situation. Have been back multiple times now and service has been perfect. Will continue returning!Do not miss a chance to eat delicious Korean food here. Just two of us for lunch & we ordered way too much food but loved every bite. Best kimchi I ever had along with wonderful banchan.
We ordered spicy rice cakes dokbokki, haemul pajeon seafood pancake & a galbi box. The dokbokki were very spicy and perfect.  The pancake was crisp and yummy, and the galbi box was awesome. 
We had a lovely talk with the owners daughter & I said we would be back as soon as possible. Wish I didn't live so far away, but I'll definitely come back.We've come to this spot one other time and it doesn't disappoint!! We love the tabletop bbq and all the banchan they serve you!!! The bulgogi is great!! It is a tad pricey for the qty of actual meat you are given to cook but it's an awesome experience if you've never had korean bbq before!!!The Korean bbq there is everything !!! So good, the little side dishes are always tasty and the marinated meat we get is amazing. We haven't even tried any other Korean bbq place because we are just so happy with this one!I'm never disappointed with Seorabol. My favorite is the jjajangmyeon (black bean noodle). It tastes just as good as the jjajangmyeon I've had in Korea. Even with their limited English, the women servers are friendly and cute. The banchans are always amazing and it's hard not to get full before the actual meal arrives. This is the only place I know to get affordable, delicious Korean food.Been going to this place for over 10yrs. My favorite place for kfood. It changed a bit. I just want to say Go away hipsters and why bts !!!???? But still a good place‍Very good Korean BBQ and Yook Hwe (raw beef with vegtables).
The place was a restaurant of a previous type and the decor is a little worn at the edges.... but the service is good and so is the food.
Highly recommended.I had lunch here today with my hubby. They give you so much food. I ordered beef japchae with vegetables. I also ordered an octopus dish, didn't like too much. I like octopus, but that dish wasn't pleasing to my palate. Hubby ordered the man do soup dumplings soup and shrimp teriyaki. His shrimp teriyaki was very good...we both agreed. He said the dumpling soup was delicious. The dumplings weren't too thick. The meat in the dumplings was good and the broth sooo good. They give you so much Banchan. Bean sprouts (I generally love them, but they didn't have much flavor today, eggplant, some kind of cucumbers, seaweed--I didn't like the taste or texture of the seaweed. I've eaten plenty as far as sushi goes, but I didn't like it the way it was prepared today. You also get spicy kimchi, some dish made with chunks of white potatoes, a dish made with sliced hotdogs--I liked that one, an egg custard topped with sesame seeds--I love custard--only when it's sweet (sigh). I think that's all which is much too much. At 4 stars, I would dine there again. I almost forgot, at the end of the meal we were given an amber colored drink (?). The taste reminded me of ginger and or sassafras. It was ice cold and sweet and good. I should have asked what it was.I came here for lunch as opposed to another nearby Korean restaurant per the recommendation of a Korean friend. The outside looks super sketch, but thankfully the restaurant looks nicer inside *insert pic I forgot to take here*. 
I will preface by saying I recently came back to Philly from the k-town of Atlanta. The side dishes were really good. My favorite one is usually the potato one, and this flavor was more unique than the ones I'm used to in Atlanta! I also liked the pepper green beans and the refreshing salad-like one in the top left of my pic. We were surprised to get a free pancake with our meal...and it was crispy on the outside and soft on the inside (without being soggy)--just how I like mine! The dipping sauce was good, too.
I ordered the kimchi fried rice for my entree. The presentation was cute, but the flavor was pretty plain. I blame it on the kimchi, which I also didn't like of the side dishes. I am willing to come back and try the meat, based on the other reviews I see now as I write this...so till next time!Awesome seafood pancake and Korean BBQ!!! What a yummy place! It's always a long wait but once you sit down it's worth it!!Hands down the best Korean restaurant in the Philadelphia area.
So authentic.  Always satisfying.  And guaranteed food coma afterwards.
Whenever I crave homestyle cooking--this is the place to go.  The side dishes alone are a treat.I worked in a Korean/Japanese restaurant years ago when going to Penn State Main & quickly fell in love with the food & consider myself very knowledgeable about it. When Sam Won Garden closed in Northeast, followed a few years later by Tommy's Ktown BBQ, I was seriously bummed b/c the few other Korean places I went to in CC (which I won't name) were sub par. Tiny portions, high prices & you had to pay separate for 1 or 2 meager serving of side dishes. 
So happy I finally ignored the couple ridiculous & negative Seorabol reviews. While not the best area, it's NOT the "ghetto" & they do NOT "ignore white people," all staff were beyond accommodating & attentive to this white girl! I've been only twice for lunch, my favorite Hwe Dup Bab was huge with plenty of raw fish on top & 8 (yes 8!!!!) side dishes were constantly refilled. All this for under $13! Can't wait to go back again for the Soon Do Boo, Jae Yuk Bookum & of course Dol Sot. Very rarely do I write reviews or make recommendations to everyone I know. Seorabol DEF changed that!I love this place,  great food and great service. Never disappointed with anything I try! 
The meat always tastes fresh and good
The seafood pancake and the spicy squid dish is really good!!Came here for my birthday and it did not disappoint.It was a very different dining experience than  I am used to, as we didn't have one person waiting on us but everyone on staff catered to you, whoever was walking by. Very friendly and attentive! The food is delicious, authentic, and the portions are huge! I now know it's more of a communal style of eating as I saw others getting two dishes to share among groups of 3 and 4, while me and my two sisters each got out our own dish( two different pork dishes and one squid- very tasty), an appetizer, ( pajeon with pork and green onion I believe), and all the great banchan on top was wayyyyyy too much food lol but I just took the rest home. We also got the pomegranate soju... fire water! But good. Definitely recommend, I will be back.Food is great as usual, however this time, we had a very hard working waitress who felt the need to yell across the room consistently and incessantly, which made the experience less pleasant, not only one waitress, but the hostess as well.My family and I have eaten here many times.  We've had lunch, dinner, and we've had sushi catered for a party.
The food is top-notch!  The array of Korean appetizers is more than plentiful, tasty, varied and fresh.  The table-top grilling is authentic and mouth-watering, and they have a great system for getting the smoke out, so it doesn't bother you at all.  The sushi is fabulous, and even skeptics from New York raved about it.
I haven't had a single bad dish.  The menu is huge, and not all of the servers speak English, but you can simply ask for some help and everyone helps.
The main room is lovely, and there are also private rooms for large parties.
For those worried about the neighborhood being less than stellar, they have plentiful parking in their lot, and they have a security guard.I honestly don't know what the fuss about this place is. Maybe it's because of the lack of Korean restaurants in the area, but it's just okay. I went there recently for bbq and I was extremely irritated at the lack of service when grilling the meat. No one cooked the meat for us, and it was up to me and my friend. This would've been fine if that was the usual policy, but I know it's not. The servers should come by and help cook it for you. Literally, my server put the meat on the grill and never came back. Another waiter came by and said, "it's ready." Well, duh? I have been cooking it and watching it myself. Because it was the marinated spicy pork, it has a tendency to burn much quicker than the other meats. I almost waited around for a server to come by and check on us before the meat started to burn but to no avail. Let me also mention that, they were real QUICK to realize all the meat was cooked and someone came over to say "Done" in Korean. They quickly took out the charcoal to conclude our meal. I was extremely disappointed. Three stars because the food tasted decent and the portions were big. However, the service wasn't great. I have yet to find a descent Korean restaurant in the area besides the soondubu specialty places.Very great customer services. We had a Free Pancake with our meal. Great Korean food for a great price.My favorite korean resturant in Philly. Decided to try different dishes on the menu and it was okay. The tofu hot pot was small and not very filling. The beef wasn't good. The meat was touch and such a small portion too. The spicy pork will always be a top pick and the seafood pancake is the best in the city.A lovely Korean restaurant. The only reason why anyone would ever go to the Olney neighborhood of Philadelphia.
I should really expand my palate (and wallet) to be able to try different things on the menu. Of the 10 times that I've been here I ordered the Hae Dup Bab everytime.  I have ordered various sushi pieces, though, and they are tasty and a good value at $1/each
My friend got the Teriyaki Salmon entree one time, which is a great portion and quality but it only includes the fish. No veggies. Just the fish. I, personally, need a well-rounded meal.  Also, stay away from the Shrimp Tempura if you can.  My other friend ordered this dish and it is 75% breading 25% shrimp.  No wonder why each one looks so big.Seorable is the best Korean restaurant in the city. It has become one of my personal favorite restaurants all around.  My history with Seorable started four years ago thanks to the positive Yelp ratings.  In the last four years, I've visited 20 plus times and they still continue to exceed my expectations.  Come hungry, leave full, happy, with left overs and all for a reasonable price.  
The food is always very savory, well-seasoned, perfectly cooked and fresh.  The service is fast, courteous and even at prime times I have never had a long wait to be seated. 
A few of my favorites dishes are:
Sushi Box combination sushi & salad fried rice
Tonkatsu Box fried pork with special sauce served & salad fried rice
Kom Tang or tripe and beef in soup
Rajoki crispy chicken with sweet garlic sauce
Jaeyuk BokumThe company, the food, and the service (thank you so much Clyde! You rock!) was more then I ever expected. A wonderful dinner. Fresh, tasty, absolutely delish . I'll be back...It's been four days, and I'm still thinking of their BBQ! The meat is marinated just right, and it tastes fresh and flavorful! The price is reasonable, not the cheapest, but for the quality of the meat, definitely worth it! We also ordered something else, they were good, but didn't "wow" me.
The service is attentive and friendly. They would help you to cook bbq if needed. The place is nice and clean. Overall, a good dining experience, will go back when craving for authentic Korean food!I went her for my birthday. We had the Korean bbq. We had a few different meats. The experience was great as you actually cook your own meats right at the table. They have the coal grills here so I really like that and they change them out for you as needed. The servers were great and took great care of us. The only thing is that I felt the meat could have been a little more seasoned. But nothing a little salt and pepper and dipping sauces couldn't fix. I would definately like to go back and try the other dishesThis is no understatement, but Seorabol is the BEST KBBQ IN PHILLY!  We came here on a cold January night and were seated immediately.  I opened the huge menu and was so happy to see so many different options. For 3 people, ordered the galbi gui, bulgogi, and the pork belly for bbqing.  Then for sharing , we ordered a dumpling soup, seafood soondubu, and seafood pancake.
After we ordered, the other waiters brought out the charcoal while another one quickly brought out what seemed like 50 side dishes to begin the feast.  Some of my favorites are the charred fish and cooked egg dishes.  Soon enough the meats came out and the waiter helped us cook as our mouths drooled over the deliciously marinated meats.  
Once I took my first bite into the lettuce and galbi combination dipped in the 2 sauces, I knew I was in love and forgot why I had not come back sooner to this place.  
Once we had hit a food coma, the waiter helped us back up our leftovers (Yay for tomorrow!) and brought out some cinnamon tea to help settle our stomachs.  
I cannot wait to be back to this place!Great Experience! Authentic Food and great service. Our waiter was Bryan and he was knowledgeable and gave wonderful recommendations. We had the beef ribs and shrimp fried rice. Both were excellent. Various sides were offered and we like all of them. Watch out for the very hot hot jalapeños. Miso soup was good and kimchi was nice and spicy how I like it.Oh my gosh the food here was so good. I ordered way more than I could eat but had no regrets. The venue is really nice, the service terrific, and overall it's probably my favorite Korean place in Philly.the rainbow roll taste very, despite being a local korean restaurant. I thought they would taste bad but I was wrong. They made a great sushi and sashimi. the marinated BBQ steak was amazing, even the ribs.This was my first time having Korean BBQ. I am very please and will definitely be back!
I went for lunch. The waiter was very helpful in helping us select a meal. They give you SO MUCH food that I had lunch for the next day as well.
Everything was super yummy. The prices are great. There's free parking. All great. I highly recommend. It's only about 15 minutes outside of Center City Philadelphia (not during rush hour).Simply great Korean food, prepared and served by people who take pride in what they do! Do not be deterred by the out-if-the-way location - a meal here is well worth the trip.  The bulgolgi was excellent, the banchan were plentiful, varied, and delicious, and everything served was fresh and tasty. 
We were the only Non-Asians in the restaurant, which was filled mostly with Korean-speakers.  Our server ensured that we felt comfortable and answered all of our questions about the food, and was clearly pleased to be sharing a small part of his culture and helping guide us through our meal.I got the salmon sushi, for 4.95 you get 4 really decent sized sashimi pieces. I also got the hwe dup bap (around $14) ( steamed rice mixed with sliced or cubed saengseon hoe (raw fish- basically sashimi), various vegetables such as lettuce, cucumber and sesame leaves, sesame oil, and chogochujang (a sauce made from vinegar, gochujang, and sugar).
 TLDR: veggies topped with sashimi and korean red sauce
The price was pretty fair for the quality. I'd come back! There aren't many good korean restuarants in Philly and I think this is one of them. It's in north philly though so kind of need a car if you live in the city. 
Service is friendly and fast.My first true journey into Korean BBQ did not disappoint thanks to this place. I was intrigued by all the accompanying sides which featured flavorful variety. If you are a rookie like I was, I would suggest going with someone who is familiar with the food and experience. My one concern was that our waiter was not quite attentive to the BBQ cooking and some of food was over cooked. Overall though a really great experienceChinese tested, Korean Approved!
=======
This place is kinda painful to get to... You have to drive through a ginormous swath of Filthy-delphia to get here.  But trust me, it's worth it.  
Highs
***Jaeyuk bokum (stir fried pork dish!)***
Chapchae (the side dishes)
Bibimbap
All sorts of BBQ, you can't go wrong.  We ordered the old standby of bulgogi and kalbi.  They do a decent job of marinating the meats in their secret blend of (pear juice and soy sauce - there, I said it. Now you know the secret).
Soju
Airplane-style call bells
Lows
It's in KilladelphiaWhen I go to a Korean BBQ restaurant, Galbi (beef rib) is always my only and true love:)  
Tried Seorabol last Saturday, the Galbi is very tasty, juicy and fresh. Lettuce  come with it is fresh too.  And they HAS the CHARCOAL!  Charcoal is the reason that bring us in. Tasty Galbi+DIY Charcoal=a perfect meal.   
Two orders of Galbi is pretty enough for two of us.  And the waiter we had is very helpful and we like him. 
but, the soybean paste is a little salty. Hope it will change or offer a less sodium option. Thank you.I came a here a couple of times but I didn't get a taste how amazing their food was until recently! It was a friends birthday and my group of friends decided to take him out. We went full out on this meal. 
We ordered the bbq pork, galbi, sudobo, and another soup dish. The galbi was marinated to perfection. Each bite was juicy, soft, tender and cooked beautifully. It is officially my favorite dish here. My friends and I loved it so much that we ordered 3 dishes of it. I'm not a fan of pork usually but eating pork here was like eating bacon. Try some, you won't regret it. The staff did a wonderful job of cooking the meats for us. They provided a variety of different Sauces and lettuce for us to eat with the meat. Sudobo is my favorite Korean dish so I order it everywhere I go that has it. It was one of the best I have had so far. I recommend this place to anyone who's willing to splurge on food!
Tl;dr version: Expensive but mouth watering good!I have been going to this restaurant since i was a kid. although it was in a different location when i was a kid the chef/owner moved to the bigger location but still the great food, When im in the mood for great korean food this is the place i always go. from traditional moms cooking to dishes that my mom refuses to make cause its too complicated or takes too long to make. this restaurant never seems to disappoint!So I went in there today for the first time with two of my co-workers that had never tried Korean food. I was trying to introduce them to some of my favorites. So I get in there and the place looks fairly nice. I order for us starting with some kalbi, bokumbap, and jajangmyeon. The appetizers come and we're enjoying. Then the meals come out.... Most of the food was ok. My co-workers shared one of the jajangmyeons and didn't seem to like it much. The second one was for the other co-worker but since she tried some from the first friend, she said she didn't want it. So I figure I love jajangmyeon so I would eat it and take the rest home. Towards the end of the meal, I finished my bokumbap and kalbi so I grabbed the untouched jajangmyeon. I was trying to figure out how my co-workers didn't like jajangmyeon --- it was one of my favorites growing up. I literally take one bite of it and notice there is a weird smell and aftertaste. I let the waiter know and his initial response was that since I already ate some of it, there was nothing I could do. I questioned how else would I know I didn't like it, and on top of that, I literally took one bite. 
He goes and speaks to his manager/owner and comes back and says there's not much he can do. Without making a fuss, I reluctantly agreed and followed him to pay with my card. Once my card was swiped and I already paid, the manager/owner (not sure who she was) comes over with a very demeaning/antagonizing attitude questioning what the problem was. I explained the situation and her initial response is that they don't specialize in jajangmyeon so I might want to go somewhere else for that. I acknowledged I had already been feeling that way prior to her coming over. Then she kept implying that I was just trying to get out of paying for a jajangmyeon, also questioning why I waited until the end of the meal. I wasn't alone in catching that vibe, as both of my co-workers confirmed they had the same notion once we had left. A $10 dish on a nearly $80 bill doesn't hurt me at all. Plus, I was actually excited to have leftovers for the next day considering I love jajangmyeon (usually) but that didn't turn out well. Lastly, I don't know if they were being spiteful because my complaint but they also didn't offer a desert like majority of Korean food restaurants offer at the end of the meal. We were ready to leave an adequate tip for the waiter, but after that experience I told my co-workers to take it (I picked up the check and I told them to get the tip) because we're never going back there again. Even if that manager/owner lady had not approached us in such a belittling manner, I would have returned and just not ordered the jajangmyeon. I also wouldn't have told my co-workers to pick up there tip. 
It's unfortunate some places don't realize that whether they are a food, clothing, electronics, etc. business customer service comes first. That type of treatment was completely uncalled for and making false implications and following it up with blaming me for ordering a food on their menu since they are a Korean/Japanese restaurant rather than a Korean/Chinese restaurant is completely unacceptable. Neer again. Will continue looking for good Korean food.All of the food is super good. But the service not so good. They are capable of serving large groups in seperate rooms, which was super nice for a reunion with friends.I've been eyeing this place on ubereats for month and finally caved in to order from here. I ordered the bulgogi with a side of white rice. Everything was packaged so nicely for a delivery order. The food was pretty good, specifically the beef was tasty and tender. However, the bowl of sides that came with the beef was bordering questionable. The carrots had very very dark moldy looking spots on it and so did the cauliflower, so for that reason, I didn't eat any of the sides which is over half the dish. I'm not sure if the vegetables were old or not but they definitely didn't look appetizing to eat. I don't like to question the integrity of my vegetables.Love the food here. Especially the Kimchi Jaeyuk Bokum under the special dishes. Whenever I come here, this is really the only dish I ever order.  The other food they have is delicious, I'm sure, but this is likely the best korean dish I've had in Philly.
It's stir fried pork belly with kimchi and soft tofu on a huge wooden platter. Because they're cooked together, the kimchi retains the fat and flavor from the pork (albeit cleaner taste than it sounds). I don't eat tofu (I read a book once), but it works very well in this. My friends and I ordered more of the pork after finishing what our initial order came with... you are what you eat.
I'll add a picture the next time I drop by.Great customer service, unique style, decent food, smell of BBQ flooded the restaurant which was great! It was a great place to go with my family. It was very crowded and congested during peak hours but absolutely worth it!Came here few days ago and I really liked the service and food. I wanted to have good Korean BBQ in Philly and I can say that I didn't waste my time coming to this restaurant after reading the reviews on Yelp. I ordered galbi, samgyupsal and kimchijiggae. Would totally recommend people to come here!I wanted to write another review because we had a large group gathering in one of their private rooms. We did a buffet style and it was amazing! The food was presented very well and the food was, as always, delicious. We all left more than full. THANK YOU SEORABOL FOR THE GREAT SERVICE!This is authentic Korean restaurant. Waiters were so helpful and the sashimi was delicious and freshFirst time was for a friend's birthday and we reserved a table for the KBBQ and it wasn't bad at all. Kind of crowded when we went but delicious. The place is wonderfully set up, very comfortable and clean. I live around the area and always wanted to try it so I'm sure I will be back. We ordered a lot of food, but will try other things next time.This place is a neat lil Korean restaurant with a familial touch; from the friendly cashier to the wait staff and even the young general manager. Very authentic food and hospitality. The wait for a bbq tabletop without reservations was about 40 mins on a saturday night. However, since we had been waiting for so long, the GM gave us complimentary seafood pancake! The bulgolgi was delicious and well seasoned. The spicy pork bbq was not too spicy and had a generous portion. All of the side dishes were the best because they do not skimp! These were seriously large side dishes! I was extremely satisfied and will be coming again!
This is definitely THE bbq place to go around philly.This was our first time there and the service was good!
Korean BBQ was delicious! Everyone was so friendly the environment was good! I'm glad we choose this place to eat! I can't wait to try the rest of the dishes on the menu!
This place is a definite must try! They also served us fresh watermelon that was cut into arrows or shall I say it looked like a Xmas tree! Lol it was refreshing and sweet!Seorabol is one of those little shopping strip Asian restaurants hidden in plain sight. The address is Old 2nd Street but the restaurant itself is perpendicular to the street the last in a cluster of the little strip dominated by a Laundromat. The staff was very pleasant but their English was almost non-existent. The language barrier was the restaurants only drawback. While I do not expect that Koreans in their own neighborhood in their own restaurant should speak English I was very much hoping to have someone who might explain the menu, make suggestions and guide us through our meal
The little experience I had with Korean dining prompted me to ask for the traditional Korean barbecue, called bulgogi, as our main course. We also thought we would like a soup. But would soup be a normal start for a Korean dinner? Eventually the server suggested the "haemool jungol," a hot pot of assorted seafood. Whether or not the soup was appropriate with the barbecue I don't know. 
A server delivered a large pitcher of hot barley water to our table: an interesting surprise and better than Chinese green tea. Another server appeared and covered the table with a wonderful array of side dishes. At each end of the table she set a towering dish of lush green lettuce leaves.
Moments later another server approached with a brazier of flaming coals that she dexterously lowered into a metal well in the center of our table. At the same time another server appeared with a propane burner mounted with a broad pan mounded with all varieties of seafood. They were serving us both dishes at the same time. 
While one server went ahead adding the beautifully marinated strip s of beef to the sides of the sputtering brazier, the other server turned the clams and shrimp and fish into the seething broth on her little burner. The soup finished first. The soup server ladled out our individual bowls. The steaming golden rust colored broth announced its source of octopus and clam, fish and shrimp. Thick velvet noodles crowned with small squares of creamy tofu nested in the base of the bowl.  The fragrance intoxicated. My head bends to meet the bowl as I lift it to my mouth. The broad Korean spoon gently passes the delicate broth to my waiting mouth. I switch to the chops sticks to deliver the shrimp and fish. All around me is silent. No one speaks. We are all bewitched by this Korean alchemy of the sea. The textures and flavors turn on the tongue like the interlocking patterns of a kaleidoscope turn on the eye. Another image catches the corner of my bowl-cast eye: the sight of the beef turning to a rich caramelized brown on its smoking griddle. 
The server was now taking the finished beef and dispersing it onto our individual plates. In something of a nervous confusion I think, "Do I have to stop this soup now so that I can get to the beef?" The two dishes at the same time were a dining dilemma. 
Tempted by the sight of the beef, I finished my bowl of soup on the spot. I turned to the bulgogi. Without words in English but by pointing our server indicated how we should take the lettuce leaf, layer it with the beef, some sauce, some garlic , some rice and some garnish roll it all inside the lettuce leaf and send it to its purpose. The first bite: a crisp and green leaf gives way to spicy jalapeno and deep garlic, rich and dense rice, tender and charcoal hazed sweet beef. The smoke of the brazier lingers on the thin beef slices in counterpoint to the rice and lettuce. Korean barbecue sings with a fresh and clean voice that opens the taste experience to subtle yet rich flavors and textures all playing simultaneously on the tongue. 
After clearing our table, the server brought us little glass bowls of a cold golden brown liquid with a syrup-like appearance. She gestured for us to drink: cinnamon! The little glass cup held cinnamon and sugar in very cold water. It was time to reckon the bill. Korean food asks its worth.  Our bill was just over $100 for the barbecue and the soup. Expect to pay double what you might expect at a Chinese or Vietnamese restaurant.
Seorabol merits a pilgrimage for any interested in quality Korean foods. The garden of side dishes opened eyes and tongue. The soup and barbecue satisfied immensely. During our dinner no one spoke. My face was buried in my bowl. My glasses were speckled with the splashes of the soup. My fingers slipped against each other as they cradled the sweet beef into leafy green rolls of crisp lettuce. My white paper placemat illustrated with adverts for local Korean businesses was splattered with all the elemental traces of our dinner. Napkins were worn to shreds within moments. This was a dinner of complete engagement. We may have been ill-informed Americans who made cultural dining errors but they were culinary delights. What I can say is that the food at Seorabol took us to a new world that awaits further exploration.If you are not Korean and do not know the authentic food, everything might be ok with this place. But if you are Korean or you have some ideas about Korean cuisine, you will (must!) be disappointed like me. They trick you with cheap ingredients! Please do not tell me that is what every restaurant does.
We ordered few catering dishes last Saturday for family party and I found the food was made very cheap!  Five colored pancake () is supposed to be made with different vegetables--one crab cake each!! but they made with three lines of crab cakes to fake it. I hate this!! They even asked me extra money for this dish!! It was a big mistake that my American husband picked up the food!
Watch out!! They take advantage of people who do no have experiences with authentic and very good quality of Korean food!The server Clyde was awesome! He worked very hard to serve us and explain the menu as it was our first time. He even helped us to cook our food! The food was awesome and had a great flavor. There were only two things that could make it better. One of them is that once the restaurant got really busy, we had to wait long periods of time for drinks. Second, there weren't many veggies served with the meal. It was mostly meat, we wished there were some fresh veggies to BBQ.I've been to several korean restaurants in Pa, NJ, Del, & NYC; Seorabol is the best for authentic Korean food-hands down!!! Their kalbi and bulgogi are some of the best (along with my emmo's) I've ever had. Tons of wonderful panchon, nice atmosphere, great service, and prices are very reasonable. I would say to anyone, anywhere, there is no question that Seorabol is the best place to get incredible, delicious, authentic Korean food.So glad I came , great food, great service so worth the trip ,definite looking forward to coming back again, I highly recommend this place for anyone who's never tried Korean BBQ and is looking for a new and unique experience, bring your friends and family and make a moment you won't regret it.Since moving to Philadelphia from Atlanta, I've made it a personal mission to scout the Korean restaurants in the area.  Not just to help recommend good places, but also because my Korean food cravings need to be fulfilled every so often. Thus far, I've been extremely disappointed with what I've found in Philly, but Seorabol restaurant has officially made my cut.
I'm particularly harsh when reviewing Korean restaurants, especially when I see Yelp reviews from a lot of people who don't know Korean food.  
The overview:
Good quantity, still pretty pricey, good service, great side dishes, a little far away.
What do people really care about here? The Korean BBQ.  The prices (as of july 2014) were $19 for the "cheap" meats (samgyupsal, pork, chicken), and $27-30 for the galbi.  When I saw the menu, I was a little turned off by those prices, but I can happily say that they do give you a very decent quantity.  You have to order two BBQ items minimum, but two orders are enough for 3 people.  I would recommend going with at least 3 people, because you will be ridiculously full if you try BBQ with only two at this place.
After 4 beers, 2 BBQ orders (including 1 with Naeng-myun), my bill + tip came to $75-80.  Split that three ways and it's a reasonable $25 per person.  For Korean BBQ, that's pretty decent (in American prices).
The food itself was very good.  The galbi (non-marinated) was high quality, and the spicy pork came in a HUGE quantity, and was just ok.  The combo naeng-myun was just ok.  I won't dock too many points for this, because I have never found a Korean restaurant in america that makes good naeng-myun.  If ANYBODY knows of one, please let me know.
The side dishes were varied and of good quality.  I was pleasantly surprised by the choices and the quality of each dish.  Major props here.
One very surprising thing here is that the service is actually good! I am unfortunately used to atrocious service in Korean restaurants, and find it to sadly be the norm.  Here, the waiters/waitresses are pretty attentive! Non-koreans should note that they will not go out of their way to check up on you (as in American restaurants), but they do NOT ignore you here! I found that any time I needed something, I turned my head slightly and immediately found someone who ran over and got me what I needed.
This is definitely a place I'll hit up more often, but I can't give it 5 stars because it is still a bit pricey, and it's a good 25 minutes from Center City.  I'm just really glad I found something!Very positive BBQ experience. Reservations were easy to make and they let us sit down before our whole group came in. The waitresses were all middle aged Korean women who are the best ever. Its like having your mom take care of you during dinner. We ordered galbi and bulgogi for the grill, seafood hot pot, chap chae, kimchi pah geun and tempura shrimp. Everything came out quick and everyone was very happy with their meal. It was everyone's first time for the most part and they rated it as a positive experience, all the way to the tasty tea at the end of the meal. Its exactly what I expected from a KBBQ. 
The -1 of a star is due to portion sizes of the meat for the grill. I'm quite picky about that since they are usually $20-$25 a person and they were lacking a bit in this area.When we drove in last Saturday, it didn't take long to immediately recognize how out of the way this place is. Despite that, it looked busy and business seemed like it was booming. We had a reservation and our group of 5 was quickly seated and approached with a large variety of sides. Unfortunately, due to some slight under staffing, it had been a while until we were approached again. This a was pretty negligible offense because the customer service was so friendly (they even comp'd us a seafood pancake) and it gave us some time to nibble on all of the sides.
I'm kind of a Korean cuisine newbie, but it was really super yummy Korean barbecue. We ordered Galbi and pork belly. The Galbi was just amazingly delicious. Definitely a must get. The pork belly was also good and came with a sesame oil for dipping which complimented it very well.  However, I will probably try something instead of the pork belly next time. Honestly, it was tough to compete with the Galbi. My favorite dish, however, was the seafood pancake which was absolutely delicious and scallion-riffic. My two favorite things are onions and seafood so this was pretty much food nirvana for me.
After leaving I was told this was the same place we had an amazing sampling from a yelp event a few months ago. I remember eating the dish "Rajoki" and and falling in love with the crispiness and sweetness. Next time, I will definitely be back for that. Also, probably the stone bowl bibimbap too.
Basically, the food was great, Korean barbecue experience is interactive and unique, the service is friendly and is a nice break from all the usual food places in the city. you should probably come out here and give Seorabol a whirl.Had dinner at Seorabol a few months ago. The food was okay but nothing exceptional. One thing I usually love about Korean food is the vivid flavours, but a lot of the food we had here seemed on the bland and boring side.
1. Soondobu tofu stew with clams, squid, shrimp - not bad, but not super flavourful.
2. Korean seafood pancake was crispy, nice. This was free with a coupon.
3. BBQ Spicy galbi - this was disappointing. Meat was very thin, not succulent, not very flavourful at all.
4. BBQ Pork belly - plain in terms of flavour, chewy and tough in terms of texture. I wouldn't get this again. 
5. Ban chan (side dishes) - there was a nice variety of dishes, some were interesting and different from the usual.
6. Sweet cinnamon tea was given at the end of the meal - very sweet and refreshing.
Service was very friendly. My only issue is that the waiter misrepresented the serving sizes as being smaller than they are, so that we ordered way more food than needed.
Between 2-3 stars. Food-wise, I've experienced better (2 stars) but not so far in Philly, so this might be a 3 star spot in Philly.Change for the worse....
My family has been coming here for decades (20+ years) and have noticed some changes over the past several months. The most noticeable is their wait staff: younger & inexperienced. But what will probably make today my final visit is the food. I ordered my usual hwedupbop, which is a dish consisting of rice, cubes of raw fish, fresh vegetables & spicy red sauce. The sauce today was too sweet and a bit thicker than usual. After mixing all the elements, I noticed that something tasted off - after taking several bites, I finally figured out the minced green chili went bad. I alerted the waiter who later brought out a small dish containing a mix of minced garlic and chili, telling me that what I smelled was raw garlic and that nothing was wrong with the chili. His first mistake-never tell a customer they are wrong, at least not to their face. Second, understand your customer base: A Korean woman dining with her children knows a thing or two about cooking, meaning she knows how to differentiate raw garlic and spoiled chili pepper. Seeing that I only took 3 to 4 bites of my dish, they took it off the bill, but the staff trying to rationalize their mistake by talking to me like a food illiterate, totally turned me off. 
Another major change to note, especially to families with younger children: They now charge for miso soup ($3), which was, not too long ago, complimentary. I normally ask for miso soup and rice to come out first for the kids. 3 of the dishes I ordered come with miso soup. They charged me for the first 3 I asked for and brought out 3 additional soups when the dishes came out. They took back the extra soups, but when I saw the bill...man, they ripped me off! Because of the not-so-pleasant exchange about the above mentioned dish, I didn't bother arguing over the unexpected charge ($9). Diner beware!My cousins brought me here on my first night in Philly. Bibimbop was the perfect sure for a dark and stormy night. Speaking of which, the bibimbop was the real deal. My cousin ordered a giant platter of sushi and, to my surprise, it was delicious! It's not the best sushi I've ever tasted, but it was fresh and proportions were generous--they didn't cram a giant ball of rice under a small sliver of fish.
The miso soup doesn't come with soup spoons. Here's the correct way to drink it: 1) stir with chopsticks and 2) sip from bowl.What is it that Cookie Monster says? NOM NOM NOM NOM.  That's pretty much how I feel about this gem of a restaurant.
In the summer of 2007, I worked for a Korean immigration law firm in Northeast Philly, and my boss would take me to lunches at Seo Ra Bol.  The Soon Du Bu was *chock full* of seafood and covered in the spicy red broth that I love so.  The Jap Chae was perfectly seasoned and mixed with the right amount of veggies.  And the Galbi BBQ?  Divine.
I made my return to Seo Ra Bol this past Friday, and was delighted to find that nothing has changed.  The food is still authentic, delicious and served in ample portions.  I only wish that this place was in Center City, but then, of course, I might never eat anywhere else.I would like to thank one of the owners Chris for actually trying speaking to me and apologizing for the bad service i had recieved there, Thats a good business owner.  Now we all agree that the food there is very delicious i guess that the downfall was the waitresses.. I will be giving them another try sometime soon. Hope it all works out well for them.Great spot but neighborhood is a little sketchy..... Very reasonable.... lots of food ... I would recommend it!What's the best way to satisfy a duk bukki, kalbi, and hae dupbap craving... THIS PLACE!!! I've added the pictures for a hae duppab in case you're unfamiliar - it's basically a sushi salad, sushi pieces with crabmeat, lettuce, strings of radish, and dried seaweed and comes with this crack hot sauce you mix in with the salad. It just BLOWS YOUR MIND especially on a summer day. You got sushi, you got kalbi and you got all your pon chons, life is just perfect.
The soondubu here is also delicious and laced with crack. we used to have monthly dinner here with friends and coworkers.Fun experience. We got the beef galbi and bulgogi and were happy to see a large variety of side dishes (kimchi, sweet potato, veggies, etc). The food was delicious, although for the price we were paying, there was not as much entree as we expected. 
In my opinion, part of the experience of Korean BBQ is cooking the food yourself. However, our servers defaulted into moving us along and putting food on the grill as they pleased and we had to request multiple times to do it ourselves. I'm sure some people would appreciate watching the food being cooked in front of them, however, we were happy to do it ourselves (that's why we came)!The owner and his son are awesome people and super friendly.  The food is amazing, fresh and hands down the best Korean food in the city.  The variety of banchan was enjoyable along with the main items we ordered on the menu.  Would def go back here...the sooner the better.This place has amazing Kalbi with authentic taste!  It is barbecued over charcoal which gives it much better flavor than gas grills.  The excellent quality of the meat and the marination brought out the real taste of Kalbi that I experienced in Korea.There's not many Korean restaurants to choose from in the city of Brotherly Love but this place is a hidden gem.  This place is definitely a "don't judge a book by its cover" place.  You walk in and it's a wheel oiled machine!  
The service is friendly, the quality of food and amounts of food is awesome, and the taste/temperature of the food is on point.  They even have bells on the tables to call your servers if you dont feel like flagging them down.  
The sushi is fresh, their grade of meats is quality and anything additional that you order is just as good.  I'm a repeat customer here and always satisfies my Korean craving.  Worth the drive here to eat.Last night was my first time here and I was pleasantly surprised with the food.  A bunch of other Korean restaurants around just didn't get the food quite right, either too salty, bland, or lacking in spiciness.  Here, the food's solid.
We ordered the Chicken BBQ and the galbi naengmyus .  Both were very good and the marinate was perfect.  The side dishes were ok.
We also ordered the spicy beef and octopus hot pot.  Delicious and very spicy, which is a plus.
However, like others have stated, my only gripe is that service is slow, but friendly.  Overall, a great experience foodwise and I definitely will come again.This classic Korean BBQ restaurant offers a great variety of meat and Korean dishes for everyone to enjoy.
This restaurant have been here for years and many have grew up coming to this restaurant. This restaurant is good for friends families to enjoy a meal together. Their service is average but in Philly, it is one of the better Korean BBQ restaurants. 
Their food isn't the cheapest but you definitely go with a full stomach since many side dishes come out when you order BBQ. 
Their marinated kalbi and sam gyub sal (pork belly) is classic meats you should definitely try. Their naeng myun (cold vermicelli noodles) and haemooltang (seafood stew) are also okay.
If you are in the mood for some grilled meat, this is a good place to go.Its a typical Saturday evening. It was very crowed as expected. But service and food was disappointing. We sat and waited for about 15 mins intill we clicked the button, to get a server. Food came out one by one. Ordered sushi and forgot ginger and soy sauce. We order soup and had to ask for a spoon and bowls to share. We asked for three glasses of water and they gave us 1 half full. We had to asked for everything constantly, to the point we even felt annoyed of how annoying we can be due to their lack of service. They had at least 5 servers on our side. No one payed any attention to us. And most of all, I've never been to any restaurants that charges 3.00 for a small glass of apple juice that comes from a bottle, and is not even poured fully. They served the apple juice in a small wine glass, that can be finish within two gulps. We also asked for more side dishes, and offered to pay. They told us they were out and took all of unfinished side plates (rude)!!!!
I totally understand it was busy, but in no way they treated us with caring....... I feel soo disappointed, because i really like this place the first time i ate here on a weekday... And mind you i have tried many restaurants, but never with one that charges 3.00 an apple juice served in a wine glass, that is not even full glass. It is unprofessional of them for such a big restaurants. I really hope that they wont loose customers, because they sure lost me. They probably wont care if they lost one customers. But to me who is also in a food industries would like to recommend you guys that service is always should compliment with the food.  And please be reasonable with what your serving, like for real it was apple juice from a big bottle that cost about 2 dollars at giant. Overall horrible experience!!!!!!!food was decent but nothing to rave about. the place itself was spacious and had nice ventilation.  another plus is they also have japanese dishes. only down side was the area. the neighborhood is questionable.Probably the best Korean restaurant I've been to in Philly since leaving Cali 2yrs ago. I haven't eaten at a lot of places here, just a couple in jersey and cc but this place reminds me of home! The spicy pork bulgogi is perfect!Dined here on valentine's day 2015 with my significant other at the time. We had the bbq. It was a lovely experience. All the meats were deliciously marinated and the sides were all really interesting and flavorful. The food was also very affordable. I have 5 stars simply because I felt the service could have been much better. Our server was not very attentive to us. Otherwise excellent food.Amazing and very authentic Korean food - we arrived here at around 10:30pm and they were about to close, but still accommodated us with all our requests for more kimchi and even took the time to explain how we should mix the rice with the bibimbap, or that it wouldn't be good to take out the leftovers because the raw egg would make it unsafe for eating the next day. Needless to say, the food was excellent - we had BBQ chicken and beef, the scallion pancake, tofu and seafood stew and bibimbap and they were all good and served quickly. There was also a good variety of appetizers - my favorite part of any good Korean dining experience! Will be sure to return.Food: Typical korean BBq, but does have table-top grill.
Decor: Average to nice asian restaurant
Staff: Friendly.
Final: Would recommend for a Korean BBQ fix.Soon to be Ex-Wife:  I want to go out for Korean food. 
Me:  Why don't you just cook.  Your food is better and most of the Korean restaurants we've tried out here are crap. The salmon tasted like Costco at that last place we tried.
Soon to be Ex-Wife:  I'll find a good place.
Now she's pissed because I told her this place makes better Korean food then she does.No complaints here, this is a solid Korean bbq joint. Gets crowded on the weekends, so make a reservation.  Would definitely recommend getting a table with a grill and grilling your own meals- they have a number of choices, including ribs, pork and the classic beef bulgogi. The portions are sizeable, and even though we were told 1 order serves about one person, we found 1 order can serve two (we also ordered appetizers). They come with mushrooms, garlic, and jalepenos, and two sauces, which were both amazing. The light brown paste goes good on everything- very garlicky.
The dumplings are deep-fried, aggressively crispy, and a must order. I particularly enjoyed the seafood pancakes, but this was not universal with my group. I definitely would order again.First time here with some friends. The korean sides were good. The bbq style grilling of beef and short ribs were good. Not bad. The sushi here was ok. Not as great as other places but ok. The choopjung noodles were not so good here. lol. But I had alittle bit of everything from the shared dinner we had with our friends. Overall, the place is Korean family style dinner. The ventilation here was pretty darn good. Because I left here not smelling of korean bbq. lol. I would definately recommend this place. It is also byob. Pretty cool for a place that also serves beer.went there last week with 3 others during lunch time. i have been going there for years and always been more than satisfied but didnt really realize how popular this place is. i was shocked when one of the korean girls who went with us said she knew exactly the place i was talking about. especially since its somewhat off the beaten path. she said that it's the standard by which all the koreans judge other korean restaurants. anyways, we were a little concerned that we wouldnt be able to get in and out within an hour lunch break. but they did a good job getting the food out quickly and to our table.  the side dishes are always great at seorabul. you never know what youre gunna get. its like being a kid on christmas morning i cant even recall all the dishes they brought us, but i can say there were at least 7-8. so anyways, i got the spicy pork. my buddy- he got the bim bim bap in a hot stone bowl. one girl got beef bone soup. and the other girl got this caviar/seafood/bean paste soup that wasnt even on the menu. and we got some fried dumplings as well. everyone really liked their lunch. no one finished their meal because they give you a lot. portions were fairly large. we got out of there for about 15 bucks each tax/tip included, and we left a pretty decent sized tip since the service was more than acceptable.  oh yeah and they gave us a sweet chilled soup dessert. not sure what it was, but it was tasty and hit the spot. i recommend.Went there for the first time today. I love the side dishes that they gave you in every meal. Love their kimchi.  The food are excellent. And their servers are super friendly and polite. Overall a great experience. Would definitely recommend you guys to go!I have been here for couple times already. Their food is the best, specially their sashimi. This is the best place to enjoy dinner with your family. I love this place so badly.The best Korean restaurant in Philly, bar none. I have been coming here for years.  The food has been consistently exceptional all of this time.  The galbi and bulgoki are my favorites, but the stews are also tremendous. 
Just go there, trust me it's worth it.Good authentic Korean food especially the bbq. I always come here when visiting Philly. I never get disappointed. Ask for Clyde he's a good waiter. However, the area is rough, but there's a security guard at the parking lot.Food was good, but the service was terrible. The hostess felt so bad she had to handle our table. The waiters didn't even wait on us. They were very standoffishWonderful food, wonderful service. Found this place by accident, and I only regret not finding this place sooner. We are greeted with friendly faces, smiles all around. Clyde especially has been an amazing server. He has been our server every time so far and has been nothing but excellent every time. Accommodating and courteous, he's just been wonderful. The food is AMAZING. I find it to be reasonably priced, especially given the amount of food you receive. Seriously, if you have not tried Korean Barbecue before, this is the place for you! Keep up the great work and I plan on introducing as many people as possible to your restaurant!The food was good enough but if you are an out of town tourist, please have your logistics lined up before going.  I was from out of town at a conference and read about this place. We caught a cab from University City (quite a distance and price).  When finished with the meal, the servers/ employees did not assist with information on how to catch a cab or leave. We finally called a service and was told they do not drive to this area and had to walk to the train station and finally the subway. -I am deployed in the desert and was so looking forward to authentic Korean food. The service and walk in what felt like a very unsafe neighborhood killed the entire experience.  
Tourists:  Not worth it unless you have your own transportation.Yesterday, my wife & I hit Seorabol Korean Restaurant. Located in North Philly on the 3500 block of Old Second, you could be forgiven for being suspicious based upon the exterior.
You cannot be forgiven for failing to step inside.
If you dig on Korean food, you will *not* go wrong at Seorabol Korean Restaurant. The banchan are made with care, and feature some unusual items, including a potato item my mother used to make. And there's an *army* of them! The steamed savory egg custard is excellent.
The gochu pajun--a fried savory pancake featuring chilis--is superb. It's the best I've had: beautifully crisp, excellent ratio of batter to peppers.
For an entree, sure, you can go safe and get barbecue, which they do over actual coals rather than a gas grill. And you'll do well with that choice I'm sure: a number of diners around us did the same.
But I was more interested in the hot stone bowl bibimbap--for me that's always the dish to order in an unfamiliar Korean restaurant, because in my experience, it's a good way to gauge what to expect from the kitchen. My wife went a different direction selecting the dogani tang, a hearty soup featuring perfectly cooked tripe.
Both were terrific, in no small part due to the house-made soy, Korean miso, and gochujang sauce.Great good and great service our waiter Clyde was the best.  I recommend this spot to anyone who wants to try something new and good.The authenticity of the food is incredible!  The best dolsot bibimbap I've had since I left Korea.  The meal was served with toasted rice water and 8 different side dishes.  I would recommend this place to anyone who loves Korean or is interested in trying a taste of authentic Korean cooking.Some of the best Gal Bi I've had in any Korean Restaurant. Don't mention Sammys and Seorabol in the same breath. I first came here with Ki Kim( my ex wife) I was exposed to so many wonderful dishes I just kept coming back.Again, the Gal Bi is outstanding!!The best korean food i've tried so far, friendly staff and a well designed restaurant. Its a must go esp for first timers who hasnt tried any korean food, staff explains well what are the foods.I'm here almost every week, and I bring a different crew of friends every time. None of them have ever left with anything less than a glowing review. I dream about the gal bi, I swear. The "Korean pizza" is fantastic-- I highly recommend it. If you're more in the mood for sushi, you have definitely come to the right place. Very traditional, and unbelievably fresh and delicious. The salmon all but makes me weep. 
They're also incredibly helpful if you don't quite have the hang of the menu. Just ask. Everyone is very helpful, and if a few of the staff aren't perfectly fluent in English, they'll grab someone who is.Could I start out with Dammnnn?!  The quality of the Galbi was similar or better than what I had in Korea!  The service was awesome as well.  
We ordered 3 sets of galbi and it came with Korean miso soup which was outstanding!  If it sounds like I enjoyed it, it's because I did!!
Definitely coming back again!The meats could have been better. The pork belly came in frozen cut squares while the ribs already came cut off the bone. Good side dishes though. 
For the service, okay I guess. They were a bit unattentive. Three times we pressed the table button and waited for a good amount of time. There were only five tables there. The waiters werent doing anything and even glanced up at the table number that popped up. But they were friendly and apologetic so it was nice. 
Overall, this Korean bbq joint is a decent place to eat at.This place is the best kept secret in this section of Philly...all I can say is try the garlic chicken its the best I hadI recently visited this restaurant with my cousin l had the spicy tuna and spider rolls. Absolutely delicious. The young waiter who served us was helpful with explaining the menu and  kind enough to give us forks on the side, incase the chop sticks gave us a fight. I ate the whole meal with my chop sticks, I was proud my cousin on the other hand was not so lucky. She was Thankfully for that fork. Overall   #Fabulous#
I will be backMy favorite korean restaurant in Philly. Sashimi and korean food is great! The neighborhood is a little sketchy, but we usually go during the day.I love this place. Their service is good, their food is great! They give plentiful side dishes and always give refills if you ask.  They have ice water OR hot barley tea which I love in the wintertime. Honestly you can't really go wrong with any of the dishes but my favorites are the pork cutlets (dong katsu) and the barbecue. When I'm sick I like getting the jook, which is like a Korean porridge. The abalone porridge is really good with some sea salt. All in all one of the best Korean restaurants in Philly for sure.Food was excellent and service was responsive. There are ample parking spaces as well. Definitely coming back again.Food was ok only bad part is the BBQ pork gui. Required to order 2 orders in order to try it. It has no taste to it whatsoever n too hard to chew. Serves is quite bad. Won't let us cook until I strictly demanded it. They dun like people packing extra food. I know cuz she had the unsatisfied look n packed it so messy in front of us. When she gave us our check she said nothing nor looked at us. Would not suggest anyone to go there.Great food for the Philly area! They give out a lot of banchans (side dishes) and the service is typically good. During lunch time, they give out free pajeon (korean pancake)!Love their BBQ and side dishes. The owner is friendly and accommodating. Service is good!Been to this place a couple of times and it's always packed. The menu here is pretty extensive and reasonably priced. They give a lot of side dishes compared to some other places Korean BBQ places I've been to in the area. I believe they're also byob so that's always a plusI came here with a group of about 15 for a birthday party and it was possibly the worst idea ever. We ordered around 3-4 meat family plates for our table. It was about $40 for each plate and it was certainly not worth the money. If anything, you can definitely go to a Korean all-u-can-eat place and get more quality meat for cheaper and probably better service. Service was great at first when they took our orders and gave us our food but dwindled as we reached the end of our meal as we still wanted them to bring out the cake for our birthday girl. We waited around 15-20 minutes for them to show up with our cake and not only did they come out late, they came by with the cake in hand and asked "Whose cake is this?", left it on the table without turning off the lights, no knife, forks and or plates. Maybe my group didn't elaborate enough on the details for how we wanted to present the cake but it was cringy and awful presentation. Despite the terrible experience, I would like to give this place another try because perhaps the individual platters would be better.SRB hits the spot whenever I get homesick. They consistently serve delicious and authentic Korean food for ridiculously reasonable prices. I can always expect to receive top notch service at SRB. The staff is attentive without being overbearing. Definitely worth the drive!First time visiting Seorabol Korean Restaurant. Went here to celebrate my GF's bday. The very first thing that you notice about the outside of this restaurant is that it looks very shady and there is a security guard outside who lets you in. I thought that was needed because the restaurant is in a ghetto part of town. 
However, when you go inside it is completely different. Very authentic Korean style restaurant, I had to take off one star because I thought that the decorations could have been better. The food selections are some what limited, but there is a lot of different types of Korean and Japanese foods that you could choose from. For example, if it was sushi there would be a choice of ten selections and that is it for sushi on to bibimbap.. etc. Another reason that I had to take a star off was because of the rules for grill use. You need to choose 2 types of meat (bulgogi, chicken.. etc) to use the grill. Each type of meat cost roughly around 25 dollars a piece.. but the good part about this is that it comes with a lot of side dishes. With that being said..the servings for meat is on the small side because each order of meats is for one serving size only. For my GF and I, ordering two types of meats to use the grill was plenty along with the side dishes.. but if you come with a party of more than 2.. it may not be enough  meat.. meaning you would have to order more. 
Quality of food was excellent like the main dishes, We ordered bulgogi, chicken which were both marinated nicely, two servings of sushi, miso soup, dumplings, and pomegranate soju which was all very tasty. Some side dishes were just okay.. but if you order two types of meat.. it also comes with two grilled fishes, which I thought was excellent. Another thing is that they do tend to give you less rice when you order the meats for the grill.. but I did not ask for second servings.. not sure if there is additional charge for the rice. 
Customer service is very nice at this restaurant, even though it wasn't as busy as first.. when it did get busy, they were still on top of their game. The lady who grilled our meats was very friendly and made us feel at home. We got to take the left overs home in a box and we both left feeling very stuffed and satisfied. 
The price is a bit on the high side.. especially with the meats ($25-28), drinks (soju $10, flavored soju $15) but the restaurant makes quality authentic Korean food and very nice service makes this place well worth the price. Only advice would be to come with a large party because the grill and meats can cost a lot. My bill was over $100 but I did get a lot of food and also in large portions.Love this place! Always try to come here at least once a month to get my korean bbq fix. Great atmosphere, great service, and most importantly, GREAT FOOD! They give you a lot of side dishes to munch on while you wait for your food as well. I love trying new restaurants and I keep telling myself to try another place next time, but I can't seem to stray away from this place. It's too good...I really like this place. My family comes here often. I love Korean BBQ and the culture. As far as the food goes this place gets a 5 star for me. Price wise it is a bit high though for what you get it's about right. Customer service with some of the older woman who work there can be better. But if you get Chris he is really good. Super polite and prompt when you ask him to get anything. As for the bad service from the other ladies the manager addressed that so it's all good.Always a little chaotic to visit.  I know nothing about Korean food but have loved my bbq meals there.  The small dishes are excellent.  The place is homey, comfortable, raucous, the meat delicious and served in ample quantities.  I recommend going to drink and dine and have a good time with a group of 4-8 people who are adventurous eaters and not freaked out by big plates of raw meat.  Don't expect to be able to communicate well with anyone unless you speak Korean, but everyone is very nice and accommodating if you can make yourself understood.The most solid Korean restaurant in philly nowadays. They don't specialize in any particular dish but are just good overall. There are other specialty places for bbq, soft tofu and oxtail soup though.I recently ordered a bunch of catered food from here for a work party that we had, and it did not disappoint! They were very helpful in creating the menu for us and deciding on which items to choose as well as the quantities of each item that we should order, etc. Everyone really enjoyed the food, and they gave us more than enough! All the food tasted fresh, even though it was a take-out order. I really appreciated also that they gave us plenty of rice, free salad, and tons of side dishes. It's a bit pricey, but I think it's probably because the portion sizes are pretty large!Much BBQ! Such drool. Fave Korean BBQ place ever! This place always makes me, my family and friends happy! Definitely must try it out if you haven't. Love the garlic fried chicken...omg it is sinful. The sushi is also incredibly fresh here as well! Why are you still reading this review and not heading here yet!?My wife and I went to Seorabol the first time last night. Location is kind of tucked away from main roads, and even a bit scary after dark. But that's just the outside, once we passed the door, we were pretty surprised. The restaurant is brightly lighted, and clean. Waitresses are very attentive, but most of them knowing very little English. They gave us LOTS of side dishes (12 of them, I counted). Reading menu was fun, because we spotted some Chinese translation error in there. But English part is dead on, so no worries there. Dishes were massive and a bit toward the salty side comparing to the other Korean restaurants we've been too. Broiled mackerel (salted) was a really nice one with white rice. Due to the communication problem, our order of BBQ were slightly messed up. Instead of ONE order of BBQ and making it half beef, half pork, we ended up with TWO full serves of beef and pork BBQ! But we left restaurant very happy and satisfied (and very full).This place was great. Very professional looking and the staff members were extremely sweet. The portion of what I ordered was huge and there were lots of sides. I truly enjoyed this restaurant.Love the service I get every time I come in either with a party of 2 or 6. For the price, sometimes the amount of food does not match especially the BBQ portion. However, the regular menu items are good and the portion is worth it. Highly recommend the black bean noodlesWe went there last Sunday after a long day hike/drive. At that time, any food would probably taste good. The location is sketchy and parking is a bit tight. I ordered the BBQ kalbi & hameol tang soup while my wife has a bibimbap dish. We love most of their appetizers especially the long fish. The BBQ & soup didn't disappoint. I guess after, a tiresome day any hot soup would taste that good but I have to differ for it's one of the best soup I ever had. My wife's bibimbap didn't impress her though. It's just ok for her. 
The service is fine, nothing stands out. We left a good tip because of the BBQ & soup. We'll probably go back there and try other meals.Probably the best and the only korean restaurant I went after I moved to philly. It has a private parking lot so that's always a plus. The food is really good the banchan (free appetizers) that come out are really good and they give unlimited refills of them. The food is really good, it feels like a home cooked meal and I love going there whenever I miss my mom's cooking.Another perfect meal!  As usual we ordered way to much food plus we used the coupon for a "Korean pizza". I was so impressed that the owner's daughter recognized me immediately from an earlier visit & greeted me warmly & sent a lovely platter of perfectly cooked mandoo to our table. Every dish is lovingly prepared & perfectly cooked & served. I would go back every week if I lived closer. Don't miss this wonderful restaurant!  Anything you order will be delicious!DIVINE & WONDERFUL
Just went there with my friends a couple hours ago. There was a very nice ahjumma who helped us cook the meat and take a picture. Our waiter was prompt and gave no fuss when we needed help or had a question.
We got the bulgogi bbq combo with haemool soondubu, chicken bbq, samgyeopsal, and haemool pajeon. Group consensus says bulgogi was the best because of the flavor and ease to cook right. One of my friends loved the pajeon. Another loved the fish cake banchan. 
I'd say toss that kimchi in the grill and enjoy that new cooked savory flavor.
It's great! I highly recommend!If you want good, authentic Korean food, this is the place to go! We have been dining here for decades! Certain local Korean restaurants are known for only a couple good dishes. This is the one with the most all around best dishes. Of course, I have my favorites here too, but over all, they are the best. My favorites are rajoki (crispy chicken in a peppery garlic sauce) and jaeyook bokkum (sliced pork in a flavorful spicy sauce). Their pajun (Korean style pancake) is also nice and crispy. 
Service is always fast and efficient. Not everyone speaks English so you may want to ask for Clyde, who is extremely personable and also very helpful for when we want to be adventurous and try something new. He clearly explains each dish. We've never been disappointed with his suggestions! My kids beg to go here often. So I think they're doing something right!Here you can- Dine with friends or family,  small groups or large groups at the traditional Korean BBQ table cookers. Family friendly, traditional,  and accommodates large groups pretty well,  yet not ideal for solo eaters. 
Located in Olney,  in a mini strip mall with plenty of free parking in the parking lot! Its definitely a traditional Korean BBQ Table restaurant with heavy family vibes. Korean channels playing on all the TV screens gives it a sports like vibe in a family setting. Note- If you're not Korean, you may be one of the only non Korean or non Asian there. So I guess it's traditional.  
My ratings are based on a scale of 1 to 5 stars. With 1 being tragic and 5 Ouuww Terrific! 
Overall ratings- 4 stars ( making space more comfortable for a solo dinner would make it 5 star. However, it's still far the best Korean restaurant in Olney, which is chalk full of traditional Korean BBQ table restaurants, so that's huge! 
Food Taste ( I only get the hot pots)-  5 star! 
The SoonDuBu Jigae ( Korean Spicy Soft Tufu Stew) is the absolute bizzzness yeezus! Perfect for a rainy day!  Oouuwwww.... 
Food portions- 5 star. Pretty great portions for price.
Customer service- 4 star 
Ambiance- 4 star but great for families. 
Cleanliness- 4.5 star 
Decor- 4 star . Not fancy but still functional traditional. 
Cool thing- you still get all the sides and condiments spread with any dine in order. 
Tip- They are also on ubereats. Every thing is packaged and pack beautifully for ubereats order. 5 star on that end! Alot of thought and care goes into it!Back to perfection after one rough visit. We ordered so much for four of us and a toddler. Nothing like fabulous Korean food on a chilly day.Pros:best korean foods good price. Tasty galbi and buldogi
My daughter likes the soup.
Cons: N/aBeen to Seorabol a few years back and the service was great, also the food too. 
After a few years, my friends, family, and I wanted to check out their 'Free Deok Guk' for Chinese New Year, and it was delicious, and of course we also order grilled meat.
Overall, their food is very delicious. I recommend this restaurant to anyone, Korean or Asian Cuisine enthusiast.Still a fav! Still going every month or so. Also, don't skip on the cinnamon drink after dinner!
Finally had the BBQ after 6 years and it was amazing.If you are looking for korean food  look no further this place will satisfy you. The only thing that is not up to par is the soondaebooWe ate lunch here yesterday and had great experience. The dishes we ordered was al jiage and sashimi lunch box. They gave us like 8 small dishes and seafood pancake on house. Everything was delicious can't ask for anything more.I've had very little exposure to Korean food. This sets the bar pretty high, being one of the best meals I've ever had.
We had a party of six for lunch. They sat the four of us that arrived early and we ordered for the group. I'd butcher the names if I tried Korean so I'll spare us all. There was a squid and noodle dish, tempura fried chicken, beef tartare, two orders of beef, and broiled trout. What a feast. But before what we ordered came out there was complimentary starting dishes. Please for the love of God don't sleep on the green beens. All of the pre meal dishes are great but those green beans I'll take with me to the grave. So good. The dishes themselves were amazing. The highlight to me was the beef that cooked over grill set into the table. We were encouraged to use the lettuce leaves provided to make wraps. With fermented bean spread as a sauce, it was otherworldly. If there was a tall mountain nearby, I would have scaled it to proclaim the greatness of the meal. 
The service was laid back but attentive. We didn't want for anything and the staff made us feel at home and at ease with a cuisine that we weren't familiar with.
Do yourself a favor. Eat here. The entire experience was outstanding. You'll be glad you did.This was my first experience at a Korean BBQ and I greatly enjoyed it. When you order a BBQ dish, they cook the meat in front of you and bring a variety of different side dishes. The pork belly and beef were so flavorful. The kimchi was also delicious. The only thing that I didnt like was a dish that we shared and had stingray in it. Ive never had stingray before and I didnt not like it at all - too many chunks of cartilage. Overall we had a great dining experience, excellent service and I would come back again!Dope spot, foods awesome, will come back again! 
The people are great, extremely friendly, and went above&beyond than many other bbq places in the area.First Korean BBQ experience and it was excellent. I recommend getting a table with a grill if available. Our waiter Clyde was very nice and great with helping us order and explaining all of the dishes. Bring your appetite because you get generous portions with a variety of side dishes to enjoy.One of the most authentic korean restaurant in Philly. This also a favorite spot of mine for korean bbq. The servers speak mainly korean but they do speak broken English. They are very nice and accomodating. They even grill the meats for you unless you tell them otherwise. They also give you a lot of side dishes along with your meal. It is a BYOB so it is nice. The servers are attentive unless during busy hours, you can press the call button on the wall at your table and the server will come to you. Even though it is located in a sketchy part of Philly and the exterior looks bad but the food here is legit! Don't let the look fools you. There is a parking lot next to the restaurant so it is convenient. The place is clean and well kept. The price is reasonable since the portion is big. Your tummy will be happy afterwards! At the end of the meal, they will give you a dessert treat as well and it's on the house :)I, for some reason, went in thinking that there was an ayce option since they had the grills on the tables; I was wrong. The amount you have to actually order is a lot if you want to use the gril, so, my girlfriend and I didn't have that option. It would be great if you had a big party. 
The side dishes were OK, nothing out of the ordinary or impressive. We ordered the Bulgogi, bibimbap, and soondubu. The bulgogi was a little salty, which is kind of normal for a lot of kbbq places. The bibimbap didn't come with the red sauce that is usually smothered on top. I don't know if this was a mistake that night or if they don't have it at all in their dish, but we found it odd. The soondubu was bland, but had a hefty amount of tofu in it. 
The service was exceptional, though. Another weird thing is that we sat near the sushi bar, so it smelled like sushi all night. Definitely not used to that in a kbbq place. All in all, a very OK place to go to if you want to fill a kbbq craving without being impressed and want to pay a lot of money.I didn't go to many Korean restaurants in Philly. But this one is one of my favourites.  BBQ rib is marinated perfectly and tender! I saw the others eating grilled fish. I thought it was very popular, so I ordered one from the menu. But later i realized every table actually got complimentary grilled fish which was one of the side dishes. We didn't have that. They should tell us when we asked about it. that's the only thing i am not very happy about.This is my favorite Korean restaurant in the area. I live in Jersey and go to school at Drexel, so I only live about 20 minutes away. My boyfriend and I come here almost every weekend for dinner and we love it here so much. We discovered the place a few months ago and fell in love with it instantly. The servers are really polite and greet you once you enter the restaurant. We always order Korean BBQ and soon dubu jigae (soft tofu soup) with beef when we come. For Korean BBQ, we usually get kalbi (beef) with the occasional samgyupsal (pork). Their pan chans are also delicious. My favorites are the sweet pork, marinated zucchini, cauliflower, potatoes, and fish cakes. I'd definitely recommend their soon dubu if you're looking for something warm and hot for the winter time. I also recommend kalbi for the BBQ because they marinate it perfectly.I came here for the first time with friends. The bbq was good. The side dishes has variety and were tasty. However, I didnt like the soft tofu. It was not spicy, bland and not hot enough. Also I didnt get to crack my egg. Maybe it was a busy day, but the service was real slow and lacking. I would have to return again, try more of their food and see if service change.The Korean BBQ was pretty good, but not the best I've had. The pork belly did taste better than other places I've tried. There were a lot of great side dishes also. The Korean seafood pancake was my favorite, great texture and flavor: a little crispy on the outside and soft battered savory seafood scallion fusion on the inside. The sauce that seems to be soy sauce complimented it well also.This place is awesome. You can't beat the BBQ and the ban chan is the best in Philly. The portions are great sizes, too. At the end of your meal you get a cinnamon drink to wash everything down. I always leave here full and happy!One of the best korean bbq you can find in the east coast! Friendly staff makes the dining experience even better. Galbi is the dish to try.We go here pretty often for dinner.  I think their food is really good, prices are decent, and they have a good number of dishes to choose from.  The waitresses are always welcoming and friendly.  I'll take Seorabol over Waba any day!I love this place for traditional korean food. It has a wide array of options besides the bbq. I haven't had the bbq here because I usually just stop in by myself to eat and the meat options start pretty expensive, way too much for a party of 1.
The banchan, complementary appetizers, are tasty. Sometimes they end the meal with another small free bowl of sweet soup. 
I usually end up getting some beef soup with noodles. I can't remember the name, but it's light and filling. It's especially great when it's cold out.Pretty darn good. I will forever love K-town NYC, so I'm pretty hard to please with Korean food.
They don't speak alot of English here at all, so be prepped to point and stumble over the dishes. They waitresses here are very helpful, so be patient.  
The food is spicy, tasty, and totally legit.  This is a hidden gem way in the back of Northeast Philly.  We come here at least once every month or two.  The taste is amazing, and the portions are great.
Bring along the coupon for the Korean Pizza. It's not something I would pay for, but taste it once at least :)Awesome service every time I come here! Thanks to Clyde for being a great server to us.  Food was delicious as always. Love the side dishes, as they compliment the food really well.  Be sure to try the yogurt soju! It's so good! We will continue to come back for the incredible food, service, and atmosphere. Thank you!!!Best Korean restaurant that I've been to in Philly hands down. For a great price too! The bbq items are all big enough for two people and you can order additional smaller items for a better meal. We had 5 people and we ordered the galbi, spicy pork, soon du bu and kimchi chigae. We also had a coupon for a seafood pajeon. Everyone was super stuffed by the end of the meal, and we were all really hungry before that.Look no further for top places to enjoy Korean BBQ and pan chan (free side dishes) in Philadelphia. This place is easy to miss, but it's a gem!
Who hates the smell of BBQ smoke that gets in your hair and clothes? Not to mention the multiple showers you need afterward to cleanse yourself free of such smell? 
Well fear not! This was one of the first places I had a smoke free smell experience! Their air vent sucks the smoke from the BOTTOM of the table so the smell can't even reach you. How lovely. 
***Must get:
- Galbi Meat for Korean BBQ: this marbleized beef is perfectly marinated, tender, and juicy when grilled! Pretty much all youll need to know. And sometimes, the waiters even throw in a free seafood pancake on the side- I was very fortunate!Hands down best korean spot in Philly. High quality meat (and lots of it), a plethora of banchan, and interesting takes on the usual, like "seafood pizza" (like a chewy scallion pancake with seafood inside) and "seafood bibimbap" (which had a ton of various seafoods, but had gochujang mixed throughout). Only downside is that service is terribly slow, and our real coal grill caught on fire and no one came to help right away. Well done meat, anyone??During my first visit to Philly several months ago I ate at Seorabol with two friends and loved it.  While in Philly again Dec. 2, I was there with a group of 16 friends and was excited to be going back.  I daresay everything was perfect!  Clyde managed to keep all of our orders straight and he and the other servers who were continually coming in to our room to check on us made sure we had everything we needed.  Everyone was super friendly and even Chef Chris came to check on us.  
I had black goat stew which is not common to find here in the US, at least not in the midwest where I live.  It was scrumptious!  The bulgogi I ordered to share was also delicious.  I don't recall hearing any complaints from anyone and I certainly don't have any.  We all left 'stuffed' and satisfied.  We had a great time!
If you want delicious authentic Korean food in a clean, friendly atmosphere, Seorabol is your place.  The owners are Korean and they are right there involved in the day to day running of the restaurant to make sure things are right.   I can't wait til my next trip to Philly!I have to say I've tried a LOT of Korean places and this place will always have a wonderful place in my heart. 
I've been coming to this place since I was 3 or fours years old. (Maybe even before that)
The food hasn't changed and it's very authentic, delicious, and I love it.
My dad who is the pickiest eater in the world even likes this place. That's saying a lot!
It's clean and bright. (I'm personally not a fan of dark dim places when I go out to eat.) the service is good too. EXCEPT once I went there and I waved down a young male server, he made eye contact with me and looked away. He was just standing there... That's the only reason I'm giving this place four stars, because of that one guy. If not for him 5+ stars!
I love everything on the menu! I hope to go there again soon.Just my favorite Korean restaurant ever. My go to when I was kbbq. So good. Great service. Spacious. And big menu with fresh sushi as well. I love the pork belly kbbq meat and the kimchi pancake is my absolute favorite.Food is wonderful, service is great. Menu is easy to read. This place is my go-to for authentic Korean food.I LOVE THIS PLACE! Clyde is an amazing waiter. The food came out quickly and flavorful! The steamed egg was on point. The seafood pancake was tasty! Overall, five out of five would recommend to a friendI went to Seorabol for the first time after hearing really great things about the food.  Being from LA, I've had my fair share of really good Korean bbq and Korean food.  I wasn't expecting Seorabol to be as good as it was, and was pleasantly surprised about my whole experience.  
I went mostly for the Korean bbq, and had the samgyupsal, the spicy chicken, and the galbi.  I generally don't like marinated meat, but I thought the marinade on the chicken was good and not too salty, as they sometimes are.  I was also impressed by the banchan; my mom always says that banchan make or break a Korean restaurant and I think even she would be impressed by the spread and variety of the banchan.  
The service was attentive and quick, and they even gave us a bowl of soup with mussels for free!  I also really appreciated how the waiters and waitresses came and replaced our grill or banchan, without us even asking.  
The only reason I'm giving Seorabol 4/5 is that I wish they had a larger selection of meat to grill.  But otherwise, loved the food and appreciated the attentive service.  I'll definitely be back  when I visit Philly next!Great food. They speak very little english. So you need to know exactly want you want before orderingi came 10 mins after they kitchen was supposed to be closed and they still letg me order. i got an order of dumplings and the bibimbap hot pot with beef and it was delicious. the banchan was fresh and tasty as well they even apologized because they were out of desserts so they brought some sweet cinnamon tea. I expected some type of attitude since I came so late and I wouldnt have blamed them for it.but all the people who helped me were super polite. i am definitley going back.Not impressed. The portions are a good size but I expected better taste-wise. Of course im comparing to LA and NY korean restaurants, so for Philly maybe its the best place for authentic korean food.I was there with my mom and girlfriend on a Monday. The restaurant surely had good business. The main dinning room was 80% occupied. 
We ordered a seafood pancake, octopus & beef hotpot, noodle, and this pork dish. The seafood pancake was disappointing. It was too thick. The starch and seafood proportion isn't right. Way too much starch and little seafood. The octopus hotpot and noodle were fine. I ordered the pork dish out of curiosity and trying to explore something new. It was a mistake. The menu says there's oyster in the dish. It wasn't there. We asked about it and the manager explained that they don't order oyster from Korea anymore. Why don't you change the menu accordingly? It was misleading. The manager was nice about it and gave us some sushi on the house. 
My overall rating for Seorabol is 3.5. Food is 3 and service 4. Would probably go back and try something different next time.This place has delicious Korean BBQ! The vibe was great because it felt very calm and cool like in Korean dramas. It's kind of pricey but I still recommend it because the quality was good.I am not a big fan of Korean food, but I went here for my friend's birthday dinner and suddenly I find myself joining the bandwagon. The bbq and duk bokki were my favorites. I only wish they were byob.Before I talk about the food, let me just say that I was a bit wary about the location once I got here, it's in a bit of a sketchy neighborhood but I guess it's safe enough.
Came here for the BBQ and left completely satisfied. The banchan was great, and plenty of fresh lettuce was provided, unlike some others I've been to. I also noted that they have the raw beef bibimbop and I plan to try that the next time I come.
Also ordered a couple of sushi and it was fresh and well made. Typically I don't order Japanese food at Korean restaurants and run as far away from places that claims Chinese Thai and Sushi, but the sushi here was pretty good and saw plenty of people ordering the sushi and sashimi boats.
Service was quick, efficient, and friendly. I would recommend coming here for authentic Korean food.When people mention they want Korean BBQ, this is the first place that comes to mind to me. The service is great and the food is just out of this world.
Sides - my favorite is the fish. Oh man, is that fish delicious. I'm not sure if they have it all the time, but if you do get it, make sure to dig it. It's a lot of bones, so be careful not to choke. The remaining sides are also delicious. I could have a full meal on that alone.
Meats - I've had almost tried all cuts of meat from them. They're all so flavorful. My favorites are the spicy pork, bulgogi, and the pork belly cooked extremely well done. Mmmm, drooling!
Seafood pancake- everyone seems to love this dish. It's delicious, but I'm not a big fan of scallions and I think it's loaded with too much of it.
Soondubu - not as flavorful as other places, so I do recommend skipping this one. It was loaded with tons of seafood and tofu, but it just didn't hit the spot
Overall -this is the place to go for amazing BBQ. I highly suggest making reservations as they get extremely packed though!I came here after attending my brother's graduation at UPENN. It was in a really shady neighborhood. I've never went to a restaurant that requires a security guard sitting outside acting as a bouncer and guard. We initially called ahead and made reservations and the hostess failed to accomodate us even though we made reservations a few days prior. This was a common mistake apparently as other patrons who also made reservations were seated by their arrival to the restaurant as opposed to their designated reservation time. We all felt a tad exasterbated and annoyed with the hostess and the service at that point. 
We waited a little more than an hour to get seated. Once we were seated we were rushed to order and it wasn't exactly the most welcoming atmosphere. We ordered two orders of bulgolgi, pork, and chicken as well as an assortment of rice and appetitzers. The seafood pancake was by far the best thing there. It wasn't excessively crunchy and had seafood in each mouthful. I was quite pleased with it. The traditional sides of pickled kimichi, bean sprouts, etc. were sub par. I found the pickled kimichi to be excessively sour. It wasn't entirely appetitzing and I refused to eat anymore after my first encounter. The korean BBQ service was interesting. They had a charcoal grill in the middle of the table and they brought live embers to the table. It was a wonderful presentation but I felt that considering how crowded the restaurant was it might be a huge safety hazard. The Korean BBQ was bland and uninteresting. It simply wasn't as good as say a Korean BBQ restaurant in NYC. At the time we also ordered sushi and they took nearly an hour to serve a California roll and an eel roll. I would have understood if the restaurant was busy but at the time, (we were there till around midnight) there was only one or two other tables being served. We were a tad frustrated and was close to cancelling the order. The sushi was made hurriedly and looked unappetitizing. It was bland and was entirely underwhelming.
Overall for the price and the location it simply wasn't worth the trip or the time. The food was subpar and the only highlight of the evening was the seafood pancake and watching them set up the charcoal in the grill. I would not dine at this place again if given an opportunity and would instead seek out another restaurant.Stopped by here last week. The decor made me feel like I was in a Korean drama, comfortable, not lavish but practical. I ordered the Kimchi bap, perhaps a big mistake on my part because it tasted horrible. It was basically kimchi fried rice plopped on a large dish. It was tasteless, soggy, oily and expensive $12.95. i appreciated the side dishes and hot tea. There were an array of side dishes, cucumbers, kimchi, plantains, mashed potatoes, fried pancakes, tofu and 2 grilled fish. I probably won't be returning to this place any time soon. If I do return I'll probably try the Galbi bbq.Inexpensive lunch for 3
Nice decor
Fast service 
Plenty of leftovers 
Food was just okI love the worker Steven because his hands are beautiful. Just kidding ;) I like the food here and I'll come more often. HmmmI moved from los angeles 3 years ago and found philly Korean restaurants just did not cut it. But, this place became my go-to Korean place because of the meat quality, side dishes, and random free stuff. Their soups were below average and over-priced but I can't make any better in my own kitchen so I was grateful I at least had access. Sushi options were also great. 
 But, after today, I must say I am severely disappointed with their service. I spent $35 on a soup and kalbi entree (which by the way should only cost $15 in any other Korean restaurant). Instead, our order came out with cheap-o bulgogi. When I asked the server if this was kalbi, she hesitated, and then confirmed that it was kalbi. HOW CHEAP! I looked over at 2 other tables who ordered the same items, and the plates were CLEARLY was not the same!  As a regular of this restaurant AND someone who has been raised on Korean food, I think it's absolutely pathetic that they are trying to trick someone just to save a couple dollars so they don't have to correct their mistake. 
There are new Korean restaurants popping around the city nowadays. If they are going to treat their customers like idiots it's time to find a new place.I've been here for like more than 10 times this year, every time I tried a new thing on menu. Octopus hotpot is definitely my favorite! Octopus is chewy and vege is making the hotpot even better! I'll recommend to people who love Korean food and want to try real traditional korean food.I came here last week with my friends so we were a group of four. We mainly came for the barbecue and for some of my friends, this was the first time they tried korean bbq and they all loved it!
We ordered the galbi, bulgogi, and samgyupsal. Along with all this were a huge variety of side dishes which were all very good. We also ordered their dukkbogi, (also the first time my friends tried it) and they loved it as well! 
Overall the food was great. We had a nice lady who came to help us cook our meat and she was very kind and helpful. The waiter was also very friendly as well. 
The reason I deducted one star was because in the beginning when we came in it took quite a while for someone to pay attention to us and get our order even though I had pressed their little button on the table about 3 times already. So it was a bit frustrating to see people who came in before us already getting their orders and food out before us. In the end, I just made my friend tap one of the waiters to get our order.
I also thought it was a bit weird when we ordered that the waiter told us in order to order the samgyupsal we needed to make 2 orders of it because it was the minimum for bbq (?). I remember reading on the menu that we needed to order 2 meats for bbq and we already ordered 3...so yeah, I was a bit iffy about that claim and hesitant to add a 4th order of meat. However, since it was my friends' first time at a korean restaurant and I didn't want to cause any problems so I just went along with the waiter and had 2 orders of samgyuksal. Nonetheless, for the price of the meats it was worth it because they gave us a good amount for the money we paid so we were all very happy. 
But yes, we would definitely come back again and recommend this place to others! It is truly a great place to eat korean bbq. The interior is very nice and clean and the restaurant also isn't too loud either. My friends and I can't wait to come back again and try new dishes!It's rather nondescript on the outside, but a total gem on the inside.  The food is fantastic, the wait staff is very friendly, and my overall experience was outstanding.  I would take the train from Harrisburg just to eat at this restaurant!  :)My wife and I went Seorabul for the first time to check out Korean BBQ. We arrived there around 6pm on Saturday.  The place was crowded and that was good sign of a good restaurant. 
First, the service/waitress was a bit slow on our table compare to the other table who arrived 5 minutes later than us. Because the other table already got there side dishes before us. Second, Bulgoghi tasted just or just below average. It had very little flavor. Same with the spicy chicken: neither it was spicy or flavorful. Lastly, the portion was a bit much for the bbq. Each order would be sufficient for two average adults in my opinion. The restaurant required customers to order minimum of two portions. 
We didn't try other dishes, so my opinion is just on beef and chicken bbq we had for dinner. In my opinion, this place is just an average and I do not get all the hypes from others.This is my togo place for korean food PLUS the fact that they HAVE SUSHI!!!!!! woohoo!! and whats even better!? i  live about 1 minute away . hahah! its definitely great food!! and they give u soo much appetizers that i keep ordering more!! beside the non english waitresses...all you need to do is press the button the side if youre sitting on the booths...and theyll come and you can just point to whatever on the menu, and theyll write it down. i think theres only like 1 lady who can somewhat speak english, other than that...i would like to have a korean friend to come and translate..hahah!! but besides the service, the food is just awesome. i go here if i wanna eat sushi, but they dont have spicy mayo so next time im gonna be ghetto and bring the mayo and they got the siracha for ya already! hahahah!! 
but what i always get is the rajuuki (i think its spelled like that?) just tell them and theyll know, its like a better tasting crispier flavorful version of general tsos but totally different in taste and VERY GOOD!! that chickens good!!! and they give a lot so youll definitely get full off of that for 2 people. plus because they give you miso soup and their side dishes which is awesome!!! i love their side dishes!! the potato and fish crab tofu lookin thing is what i always reorder lol. and its definitely cheap. i only ordered rajuuki and sushi and all together was just 30 bucks for 2 people. definitely worth it for your money!! 
and the place is pretty big and roomy and plenty of big tables for bigger crowd cuz of the bbq peeps, but they also have the smaller tables for the non bbq eaters and they even have private rooms for the much bigger parties. so i would recommend it if youre in the neighborhood of ghetto side of northeast! hahah!! oh yea they even give u this cinnamon flavor drink thing after you eat, i guess its supposed to help you kill your fish breathe! hahah! and they even give u the best tea (that my friend loves) and plenty of water from the gallons!! not from the sink too!!! (well i see them pour it from the gallon that is...) 
i see everybody in here...so its definitely a go to spot..itll get hetic if theres too many people there cuz service will be running all around!We come here all the time. The food is decent and staff are pleasant.  The weekends can be a long wait sometimesThis place is amazing. For The BBQ, they bring out coal that you use to grill the meats which all taste amazing. I personally like the galbi the most. Service is pretty quick, but make sure to have reservations because the place gets really packed around dinner time. Must go if you like Korean food.I had been this place with my friends for so many times. The food was amazing there, now I'm living in another city where the Korean food is not that good. I miss this place so much...hands down - best korean food in philly.
so authentic that i have only started seeing non-koreans in the place a few years back, which kind of threw off the mostly only-korean speaking staff.What I can say??? Hmmmm.. Authentic authentic and authentic. You won't never disappointed. Gotta try. Really good. Yummy yummyNot a fan. The sushi was ok at best. Can't complain about the service. They were all really nice! Nothing to make me come back. The food is also on the pricy side.I don't understand why Seorabol is considered to be THE place for Korean food. Their menu has a lot to offer, but it's just way too much for me. My bf and I had the nakji bokeum, je yuk bokeum, BBQ, and different stews (not all on one sitting, of course), and they were just average. But I do give props to the kalbi BBQ! By the way, am I the only who gets really tired and sleepy each and every time I eat from here?This is how much I enjoyed Seorabol, I want two weeks In a row. Our sever the first time was Anthony. He was very friendly and made the experience even better. We went for my girlfriend's birthday and they gave her a free sushi roll wirh a candle which we thought was very thoughtful. Delicious meat and sides. Our new fave!!I have recently been going through a korean cuisine phase and I must say Seo Ra Bol is one of the best ones I have gone to. 
Service: 5/5
Our waiter was always quick to come to us and I have noticed with a few korean establishments the calling buttons on the tables. It definitely is an interesting feature to have. 
Food: 5/5 
The banchan (korean side dishes) were fantastic. They give quite the spread not only succeeding in quantity but in quality. I ordered the galbi, pork belly, and bulgogi. I also had an order of the korean seafood pancake. I did enjoy that the fan was very efficient and I didn't wind up reeking of korean food when I had left the restaurant. I thought the quality of the meat was superb and I was a little disappointed with the pancake. I was hoping it to be a little on the lighter side. 
Atmosphere: 5/5
It was nice and quiet. It is a fun place to bring friends as a group or can become a fun date. 
Although it was on the pricier side and if you want the korean style bbq, you have to order 2 items off of that menu. I can assure you that it is well worth it.Back to perfection after one rough visit. We ordered so much for four of us and a toddler. Nothing like fabulous Korean food on a chilly day.I came here with my family for my dad's birthday and it's a great little place for Korean BBQ.  I had the same waiter as I did last time I was here - Clyde! He provided excellent service and was even able to get us a seafood pancake on the house! If you're looking for an awesome waiter, he's your guy.  We had 5 people and ordered 3 orders of bulgogi.  With drinks and everything, our bill came out to be a little over $100 which was very reasonable for Korean BBQ about $20 a person.  The appetizer dishes were also delicious and went well with the rest of the food.  The meat was tender and marinated well.  I will definitely be coming back!! Thanks for everything!