We have dined here many times but today's visit was such a disappointment...
My husband ordered the special, chicken parmigiana, he opted for pasta instead of salad. What a mistake that was, the gravy on the pasta was so sweet he couldn't eat it. And the gravy on the chicken was good, totally different from that on the pasta. Asked our server Gary to check with chef about the difference in flavors and the reply was "yes, there is sugar in the pasta sauce?, NOT a tasty gravy at all. And to add to our disappointment $25. for chicken parmigiana special, REALLY chicken for $25. that's obscene!  The lobster ravioli and shrimp lemoncello are less than that and they taste much better. NOTE TO SELF: Next time my husband wants Chicken parmigiana go to Pietro's around the block, excellent gravy and a reasonable price.This place looks good from the outside. However, nothing was good. The food was bland. The hostesses are bubble gum chewing, annoyed looking sadfaces. The music,loud fist bumping techno, was annoying. We won't be back here.We dined here last Saturday night after failing to make a reservation anywhere.  We were told it'd be a 40 minute wait, but was only about 25 minutes before we were sat.  The place was very crowded and loud.  We were sat (around 8pm) between tables who both had children sitting at them -- looks like some people bring thier kids for the pizza?  Both sets of children were well behaved, and the place was so crowded we didn't hear a peep.  
Service was decent, but friendly.  The food was just ok.  Bruschetta appetizer was mediocre, but we were famished.  The oil for the complementry bread was inetible.  Tasted like dollar store olive oil!  Salads were good.  I ordered the chicken salad with dressing on the side for my entree (it arrived with the dressing on the salad).  My guest had the grilled chicken.  It arrived looking beat into a pancake - was super thin and encompassed the entire circumfrence of the plate with a small salad on the top.  Odd.  But ok.  Nothing to impressive or awful.  We both ordered coffee, which arrived tepid at best.  Tiramisu was good.  So overall, it was just ok.  The pricing is a bit high for just ok.  $10/glass house wine.  $25-30 entrees.  
Lastly, it's very loud.  The music was really loud thoughout the venue.  We noticed on our way out, there was a makeshift dj set up with his lap top next to the hostess stand.  Seems like the place is trying to be ubber hip while also catering to an upscale Italian feel.  Mixing the two seems weird.  Either you want the super hip 20-30s nite life crowd, or you want the more sophistocated, somewhat hip, Rittenhouse Square crowd.This place deserves its 2 star average.  The food is totally mediocre, at best.The food was pretty good, but the service was very slow and our server seemed irritated by our very presence.   I don't understand what the big deal was about this place.  We couldn't wait to leave.I really wanted to give this restaurant a good review......I really did.  Especially since the service was great.  But I just can't.  If you like good italian food...........do NOT go here!  The food is okay......at best.
My husband ordered the Le Pappardelle Di Portofino and it was just okay.  The penne was good, but the chicken was gamey, tough and overcooked.  I ordered the rigatoni alla bolognese and it was HORRIBLE!  I make better meat sauce at home and it tasted and smelled like Chef Boyardee.  
Pros
Good service
Late night kitchen - open til 11pm on a Sunday
Cons
Cold bread
Food is just not very tasty
Overpriced for what you getBad first experience. Food poisoning. Salmon. I should know better. Made my visit to the easy coast less fun.I was not impressed! The atmosphere was nothing spectacular, very basic. The waiter was also basic. I ordered the lobster raviolli and calamari and the food was not good at all. The drinks were flat. I won't return.We had a large group dinner here during restaurant week on the second floor, and were satisfied overall with the service and logistics, although the food itself left plenty to be desired.  The margherita pizza was just passable with a thin crust but rather rubbery cheese layer.  The fried calamari was okay but pretty standard and didn't really stand out.  The seasonal field greens salad was basically mixed greens, tomatoes, and shredded carrots tossed in EVOO - very basic.  The veal scallopine was very salty with a strong lemon flavor, which made it almost too acidic.  The veal itself also was not the most tender, although I did appreciate that it was pounded very thin.  The accompanying roasted potatoes were also very salty and the side of broccoli was literally 2 large spears of plain broccoli.  My grilled salmon fillet was nicely seared to a perfect rare but the salmon itself was extremely fatty and seasoned with a bit too much salt.  The side of sauteed lentils and spinach was okay, but a bit salty and greasy, as well.  The spicy rigatoni bolognese was okay, but again, a bit too salty; there was plenty of meat in the sauce, though.  The dessert was probably my favorite part, as the tiramisu was creamy and decadent, the cheesecake smooth and flavorful, and the chocolate cake moist and rich.  The servers were very friendly and we did get our food relatively quickly.  This was also one of the few restaurants in Rittenhouse Square with room for 25+, which gives it an extra star.  Food is maybe 2 stars.I went to Serefinas after the restaurant across the street the Dandelion had a 30 min wait to get a table. I should have waited.... I entered Serefinas in hopes of getting a solid well prepared piece of protein .. The brunch menu had steak and eggs for about 23 dollars. The steak was an over cooked under seasoned cheap cut of meat with eggs sunny side up and frozen French fries.. The calamari was over seasoned way to salty for my taste.. And another gripe I have is ... It took at least 15 mins to get a cup of ice water in a rather unpacked restaurant.. Will not be back.. Will not recommend..Our group was a statistic...ended up eating here because everything else nearby was packed on a weekend evening. But, it turned out to be a serendipitous turn of events in the end.
The bresaola appetizer was amazing (meaty and lemony and argula-y), as was the risotto. The gnocchi were tasty but not mind blowing. Overall, we were happy with everything we ordered. This place is a great choice for some solid Italian food.
But what totally made the experience was our server, Shereen. She was friendly and talkative but in no way annoying, and totally fun.
I generally don't opt for Italian food, but I would definitely come back here.I was excited about going to this restaurant for restaurant week. The atmosphere was nice, but as I waited at the bar for the rest of my party to meet me the bartender was unprofessionally talking to his coworker about another coworker. Once my party arrived, I had to ask to be seated. I had to ask for several things (bread, water) from the waitress that should be been her responsibility. She was not attentive to my party at all. However, my meal was superb yet the service was less than desired.We needed carbs before our race in Philly and chose this restaurant. Food is ok. The portions are small relative to the price. Restaurant is in a nice safe area.I am so surprised to read the low star rating for Serafina. My family & I (husband & 2 kids) ate dinner here on a Sunday after visiting the Franklin Institute. We were pleased with just about everything!
The kids:
Young 1 just ordered the penne & butter from the kids menu - decent amount of buttery pasta & they knew to bring it out 1st along with the apps.
My older child had the spinach & cheese ravioli from the adult menu since the kids menu didn't have ravioli listed. It was delicious!! The pasta def tasted homemade - thin & tasty.. The butter & sage sauce was so scrumptious my husband & I used it to dip our calamari in:)
That said - the portion for a grown up doesn't seem like it would have been that filling. 
We had the calamari app which was very good & non-rubbery. Not THE best in Philly but definitely up there. Tasty marinara- not too thick, not too runny.
My husband ordered the salmon which was cooked perfectly - even our little ones ate some - & yes, it was big enough to share. It was served with black beans & spinach & was VERY tasty!
I decided on the Goat Cheese salad which was large & delicious. Bonus- the goat cheese is warmed on a sliced piece of banquette & drizzled with honey. I had chicken added on the top along with the pine nuts & grape tomatoes - I LOVED my salad! 
For my "entree" I decided on an appetizer that I couldn't pass up. - avocado & shrimp on arugula with a champagne mustard dressing. YUMMMM I will be back to Serafina for this alone. A unique & wonderful dish!
For dessert my youngest had vanilla ice cream - creamy & delish & my oldest had the cheese cake which we all loved!! Very creamy ricotta cheese filling - like authentic Italian cheesecake should be!
O.K. For the Negatives--  we were there on a Sunday evening & it wasn't crowded yet our waitress kept getting rather "confused". We're giving her the benefit of the doubt & thinking she was new-?? She was polite & helpful but forgot a couple things & kept having to double check our order with us, even having a dish prepared incorrectly & forgetting to add my daughters dish to the order. 
*things she forgot - marinara on the side for the little ones penne - luckily my daughter didn't need or ask for it .. & she also forgot my husbands side of roasted potatoes which we forgot about until we got home! Our fault for being too caught up in our conversations ,etc. to notice , but we were probably charged & paid for them. Bummer :(
Also, there was a long lull waiting for the kids' desserts to arrive. Lulls at the end of the meal when we're waiting to leave drive me crazy!!
For our meal for a family of 2 adults / 2 kids paid over $200 after a trip to the museum. 
That being said we also indulged in 2 Peronis ($6 each) & 2 glasses of merlot ($10 each). Also our salad & appetizers were very generous portions & would have been enough alone. Having been our 1st visit , we didn't know or could have ordered less. 
We will definitely be back. I hear the margherita pizza is incredible.  Cute friendly place with some great dishes!!Meh. The food is decent, our waiter was nice but this is such a "scene" place - in PHILLY. The trance/house is thumping/loud - so much that my husband and I could barely hear each other talk. The tables are teeny/cramped, and you're guaranteed to get smacked in the elbow at least twice while you're eating. The kitchen is also really slow...one app and two pastas = hour+ meal. 
The lobster spaghetti was pretty good, but the fettuccine was just ok. If you're down with trying to eat some decent Italian with "Castle in the Sky"-esque music, you might like it but there are so, so many other options in Rittenhouse.Serafina Philadelphia was well able to handle Sunday lunch for a group of six for a group of diners that included one celiac, who was thrilled to be able to order a gluten-free pasta dish. The rest of the lunch was solid. Again, wish the table-service bread had been the brioche I had my first visit to Serafina, but I do like the olive oil slurry its served with. The sausage in my build-your-own omelet was singed-to-burnt, but I was able to eat around it--thankfully not a hangry day! The Bresaola pizza was delicious, though a little salty: love the combination of arugula with cured meat!Visiting Philly for two nights.  Walked by Serafina the first night-it was packed.  Walked by later that night-still packed. Early the second night it was also packed, so we opted to try it, figuring anywhere packed mid-week is going to be good.  Our intuition was right.  Sure, there was a wait, but the hostess found us when our table was ready and we enjoyed sidewalk seating.  The table was small, but we had two small tables pushed together, so it was great.  The chopia salad was great to split before a delicious pizza.  Splitting a salad and a pizza was plenty of food for dinner.  Food was good.  Service was good.  Prices were fair-you know going-in this is not Pizza Hut.  If you want Pizza Hut prices, go to Pizza Hut. If you want a nicer, casual, MUCH tastier place to sit down and enjoy a pizza, and a glass of wine, try Serafina.Out of 8 people 7 didn't like food. It seems that just some random person cooked pasta for the first time in his life. I tried risotto special, was just horrible. And expensive. plate sizes are smaller than usual. Waiter service was ok, piza was ok.  It was cold inside because we sit next to the entrance, some of us had to put on coats. Wouldn't go there again.This was a perfect spot to catch up with a friend on Saturday night. We didn't have reservations anywhere, and by happenstance walked into Serafina. Tables were incredibly close together, but we got to sit next to a wall, which was a relief. Our server was pleasant and we both enjoyed our meals.
I'm only docking a star because it drives me crazy when restaurants up-charge without telling me. I loathe tomatoes passionately, so I asked if my chicken paillard's "arugula and tomato" side could be substituted for something else. "What were you thinking of?" my server asked. I said, "Potatoes, maybe?" thinking that was close to tomatoes. Yeah, extra $3 on my bill, which is pretty lame.
Otherwise, the experience was really nice, though I think I might like to sit outside if I ever stop in again.It's was awful! We should have taken the hint when we were at bar waiting for a seat and notice that not a lot of people were eating dinner. We took the chance anyways and got seated. We ordered the calamari, thinking it would be a safe choice since we had seen others order it. 
Well long story short it was awful. It had no seasoning and was over cooked. The service was not any better. We gave them the benefit of the doubt and they fail miserably. 
Grab a drink from this place, but definitely do not have dinner here unless you want to be disappointed.Not worth it! I'm not sure why this place garners so much hype. The bartender was incredibly unfriendly and struggled to make very simple off-the-menu cocktails. As for the food, anyone who knows good Italian knows that this is NOT good Italian. Nice try Serafina. Our dishes looked pretty, but had no flavor. 
Head to Dandelion or Tria instead.The food was mediocre. Pretty standard. However. I waited almost a half hour for my food and then the waiter who's name is Elias K came out without checking on us and was like oh you didn't get your food?  Sorry wheat pasta takes longer. It also felt like he was trying to talk us into leaving and making it seem like our food was going to take another 15 minutes. When our food came out he did not check on us. In fact, he walked by and avoided us while my water glass was empty. I flagged down the bus boy and he took care of it and tried to make it right.  He came out and it felt like he was being very condescending towards us saying "oh if I had the money I would pay for your bill but you don't have to tip me."  I would get out if this guy is your waiter.I was here this past weekend for a volleyball tournament and ordered steak and fries. Steak was ordered medium and came out over cooked and rubbery. I'm sorry but if a restaurant cannot cook a steak properly, then they probably shouldn't have it on the menu. Definitely not worth the $39.The food (Italian) is pretty good and they offer you a good size portion. I've had the gnocchi, pizza, calamari and ravioli all were very tasty.   Staff was polite and they were pretty quick to bring out our meals.  They are not great for large groups.  The first time I came here was with a large group and they sat us awkwardly and a bit tight.  It was also hard for the server to navigate the way we were set-up.  The food was good, so I wasn't against trying it again but this time with like 4 people.  I really think the issues we had were related the first time were related to our party's size.  Solid Italian restaurant for lunch.  (Both times I was here for lunch so I can't speak to their dinner time experience).The actual food is good and so is the red Russian Pinot noir they have. But the service was disengaged and a bit aloof. I actually play with the thought of diminishing one more star from this rating because little things do matter. Not offering fresh ground pepper and seeing that any grated cheese could be added to your dish automatically in an Italian pasta restaurant is hard to overlook. Spilling olive oil on the table during a clumsy clean up can be overlooked as long as pardon is begged. Ignoring a table of six on a slow night so that you can watch passers by thru the window... Not so much!
But the food was really good and my photos should showcase that. Just know you may have to be a bit forgiving.Kudos to Serafina (Zack and Dana were the best!!!) - they came through with a last minute miracle for a party of 22 celebrating my moms 94th birthday. We originally were going somewhere else and that didn't pan out. My future son in law contacted Serafina and asked if they could handle 22 people that were going to show up in 10 minutes!!! Serafina staff said sure! We had the use of their private room up stairs overlooking 13th street! What a great time. I can't thank the staff enough. Truly a Christmas miracle saved our night!!! Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you Thank you!!!!!!Food is good but why is the service so bad? They never greet you at the door to let you know they will be helping you after whatever it is they are busy doing. They did not replace my silverware after clearing every piece of it with my salad plate, and never give me a knife for a burger. There are a dozen employees walking, sitting, standing but no one to refill your drink. It's confounding.First time here and I was highly disappointed. I had pizza with vegetables and it came out Luke warm, like it had been sitting for a while. My friend ordered the vegetable platter and said it was cold and disgusting. The only good thing was that the server was nice. The food needs to be better if they are going to charge what they charge for it. I won't be going back.Looks like I had a better experience here than several other reviewers -- not perfect, but better.  Probably helped that we came in the late afternoon, and there were plenty of tables available.  (We were seated at a window, which was nice -- but the table was *impossibly* small, which might be my main complaint.  Really, it might be alright for one person ordering one dish, but not even close for two of us.)
Service was very good.  We ordered a salad with pears, etc. -- lovely and fresh-tasting.  Main courses were ravioli with spinach, ricotta and sage butter, and a pizza with smoked salmon.  Everything was tasty if not outstanding.  Courses are on the small side, but these three dishes were certainly enough for the two of us.  On the other hand, the portion size and prices make this comparable to Barbuzzo -- but Barbuzzo's food is vastly more imaginative and better prepared.  Excellent thin pizza crust at Serafina, though.According to the reviews-to-date, Serafina is hit-or-miss. I took a chance and made a reservation for four when long-time (foodie) friends came to visit. I have to admit, I almost reconsidered after reading the Yelp! reviews, but I'm glad we decided to take the chance.
It was a windy, slightly rainy Sunday morning, and two of us arrived a little before Serafina opened. Thankfully the outdoor tables and chairs were set up, so we took a seat while we waited for the doors to open. We chose to sit indoors, due to the slightly chilly spring morning, and, as first in, had the pick of table (literally, the hostess told us we could choose wherever). We chose to be by the accordion-folding windows, which were wide open. By the time the final two in our party arrived, we were slightly chilly. Thankfully the occupants of the neighboring table were also cold, so we all agreed to close the windows (Serafina's staff were very accommodating).
Our waitress was slightly chattier and more casual (copping a squat in an empty chair to discuss one of the menu options) than might usually appeal to me, but she was perfectly polite and when sour cream and strawberry jam was requested (and not found in the kitchen), she substituted ricotta and strawberries, which made for a lovely brioche toast topper.
The omelet (made-to-order) was large and full of spinach, mozzarella, and Italian-style sausage: delicious. The side salad was slightly bland, but it made a nice contrast to the omelet. And the aforementioned brioche was fantastic. My companions all enjoyed what they had ordered (apparently the "Steak and Fabulous Eggs" were really fabulous!).
We'll certainly be back to try some more items on the menu (the burger was calling to me, because I'm always on the quest for the perfect burger, but brunch won out). Crossing our fingers that our experience is not a one-off!I visited Serafina for dinner and was truly impressed by the level of service I received, particularly from our waiter. He went above and beyond the call of duty to accommodate various allergies and dietary restrictions in my party. Recognizing that one of the members of the party had a severe nut allergy and would not be able to eat the bread that was made off site, he voluntarily asked the kitchen to prepare a focaccia from scratch that would be nut-free. The service was truly exceptional and I haven't been able to stop raving about Serafina since we visited! A must for anyone with allergies/food restrictions.Good but not great.  Had the calamari, tuna/salmon tartare, baby shrimp and salad, spaghetti with lobster and several of their desserts during a company dinner.  Nothing stood out as exceptional.  They do have some good Italian wines.I find myself really torn on this review, which is why I'm going with three stars.  I don't think I would have ever eaten here if not for meeting up with friends who changed our original destination, but I'm not sad I did either.
Serafina definitely nails it for the warm weather season.  Not only is the place packed with beautiful people dropping some serious coin, but they have large open windows that let you peer into the dining room and ample outdoor seating for those of you wanting to people watch.
Our server was certainly overwhelmed with the crowd but she kept up pretty well.  We all did shared the burrata with cherry tomatoes and the pizza bianca.  The burrata had the creamy and salty flavor and texture that I expected and they dressed the plate with a nice olive oil.  The pizza bianca was cooked nicely and the arugula on top is just a no brainer in my opinion.
My real qualm is with the price.  With drinks (which naturally inflates the price) I found our bill to be a bit unreasonable.  Still, perhaps they are hitting you for the location and the chance to see and be seen.  It's not a bad spot by any means but didn't appeal enough to me to make plans to return.This is nothing like the NYC locations. The di Sofia focaccia reminds me of a quesadilla, I fed most of it to my dog. Not worth the cost. Even the server said it wasn't looking normal.What's the big deal? Crowded, loud, mediocre food, disinterested waitstaff.  Only thing going for it is the people watching---the "beautiful people" seem to like the place.  But go someplace else if you want good food and service---there are plenty of alternatives very close by.I'm a huge fan of this New York chain, so when I heard they were coming to Philadelphia, I was really excited.  Upset that I missed their opening night, I decided to go one night over the July 4th weekend.  Like many of the other reviewers here, I was incredibly disappointed.  Here's why:
The service was terrible from the moment we walked in to the moment we got the bill.  Our hostess was distracted and first sat us at a table that caught all of the crosswind from the traffic on the street.  We had to move tables halfway through dinner so that our tablecloth wouldn't flip up in our faces (seriously, who designed the layout of this restaurant?  It looks nice but has no regard for street and weather conditions).  Our server was over-enthusiastic.  She noticed I was looking at the pizzas on the back of the menu and then proceeded to look over my shoulder and read down the list describing the pies.  Just...uncalled for.  We were offered fresh pepper for our pizza but not for our salad, and our waitress took away my boyfriend's pizza prematurely.  We were also mistakenly served soup after we had already requested the check.  
The food itself was decent, but not as good as the New York locations.  Our Di Sofia salad was ok and so was my Di Fabio pizza.  Nothing special, in my opinion, and definitely not worth the price we ended up paying per person at the end of the night.  Overall, I was unimpressed with this location and really expected more considering the Serafinas in New York are not only delicious, but good values and have decent service.  Skip this branch unless you REALLY miss them in New York and you have nowhere else to go.I ended up eating here on a Sunday evening because many other places were crowded or closed. Serafina's is just ok.
The menu is not as extensive as I was hoping for an Italian restaurant. We ended up ordering the chicken paillard and Seraphina chicken salad, and bruschetta. I can honestly say that the bruschetta was the best thing we ordered. Everything else was very bland and unimpressive.
Other than the food, very nice decor and ambience. I just wished the food was better.This place looks beautiful from the outside. My friends and I stopped in on a 8 pm on a Friday evening without reservations and was immediately seated, without a wait. (Awesome!) I got the Serafina Salad ($14.50) and my friends both got the Penne Stoli ($13.00). It was okay, but we got some of the cheaper stuff on the menu. Most of it was super overpriced, and ridiculous. Our waiter was MIA half the night. Though, since the restaurant looked more like a date place, I can see why that might be appealing to some. However, as three girls who wanted our check, we needed to wait about 30 mins.  Blah. Overall, it was okay for a one time thing. Won't exactly be running back in there any time soon.Nothing to experimental or avant garde. Bare essentials Italian in a fantastic location off Rittenhouse Square. Jam packed at 8PM on a cold Saturday. Conditions at the bar can be a bit tight and having a conversation can be challenging given the acoustics.I've been here three times since it opened; once late night for drinks at the bar, once early evening for dinner, and once late night for dinner.
The weak point in the operation thus far is the bar; food comes out lightening fast, but something is wrong if it takes almost as long to get two glasses of wine to the table as it does for the kitchen to put out a pizza.  Wine list is quite decent and the pours are just fine, but do realize that this place seems to be rather genuinely Italian in that wine is not served in over-sized, self-aggrandizing stemware.  (If that disappoints you, Tria is right across the street.)
Food is quite decent -- so far we have tried pizza, pasta, calamari, and a tuna carpaccio; everything has been good to excellent.  The price points may be a smidge high for Philadelphia overall, but not for the square.
Service is solid and attentive, and we have not had any trouble getting a table the two times we requested one outside (on a Sunday evening and Thursday night, respectively.) 
Some other random points of note...
The bad: 
-As other reviewers have mentioned, there is one stall in the ladies room.  Yikes.  We'll see how that plays out.  But the hand dryer in there is AMAZING and, so far, I haven't experienced a wait.
- Tiny tables outside, which is a problem when multiple large plates come out simultaneously.  The staff does not appear to be trained in how to swiftly and subtly re-organize a table to accommodate, so this is gonna lead to awkward moments.
The good: 
--Kitchen, serving full menu, is open late (stopped by at 11pm on a Thursday and still had a full hour left to order food -- and the place was buzzing)
--Great scene; this place has tied together the 18th street corridor from Parc down to Tria.  The outdoor seating for summer at all of the restaurants in between gives this part of town a great vibe that extends beyond the tables in front of Rouge and is much more relaxed, almost European.
I have never been to the NYC establishments, so I can't compare this location to those.  But I can compare to what Philadelphia has to offer, and this is a highly decent addition to the Rittenhouse area.We had dinner with another couple last night and were seated near an open window.   The restaurant is very nice and the wait staff was very helpful.  I thought the prices were reasonable compared to other surrounding over priced locations.  I had the rigatoni with a red meat sauce that had a very good flavor, however a little lite on the sauce.  My wife had one of the ravioli dishes (something with lemon in it) and said it was okay and wished she had ordered something else.  All in all it was a great place to have dinner and conversation with friends.   Romantic setting, good people watching location.Sadly have to update this review to a 1-star rating. Went in here on Saturday night around 10pm for a drink and small bite with a friend. We ended up here since Dandelion across the street was packed with no seats at the bar. This place was relatively empty so no problem finding spots at the bar. Didn't take us long to find out why it was empty though. The bartender acknowledged our presence when we seated ourselves and asked if we wanted drink menus. We said yes then proceeded to wait, wait, wait while she had a conversation with another patron in front of us for atleast 5 minutes. Multi-tasking was not her strong suit clearly. You should never have people waiting that long at a bar to see a menu. Finally we got our menus and proceeded to wait, wait, wait, wait and wait....she  was busy with some drama about sharing tips and had her back turned to us for atleast 10 minutes while she went through receipts, probably trying to calculate in her head how much she was taking home in tips that night. Having been there 15-20 minutes at an EMPTY bar with a lazy bartender, we decided to get up and leave to go to a place across the street where we received prompt service :-) Sadly, I really did want to have the minestrone soup again...New York prices for sub--Philly quality Italian food. I do not understand why this place looks busy every time I walk by. The food is certainly not the attraction, given most of the dishes seem to be pasta that came from a box with sauce from a can. And, in this city with amazing BYOB Italian restaurants, it's hard to imagine that people go for the overpriced wine. Given the slow service, the best I can figure out is that for some reason, people think Serafina is sophisticated. They are wrong.So my BF and I stopped in here for lunch one Saturday.  We were first put off by the horrendous decor.  For an upscale place in Rittenhouse, it seems so...cheap.  Our server also handled our bread with her bare hands (which I don't think she realized we saw) so can't comment on the bread, unfortunately.  My salad was pretty good, nicely cooked grilled chicken on a bed of spinach with goat cheese and pine nuts.  I might go back to try the pasta, but questionable service and cleanliness has me a little hesitant.Underwhelming for the price. Food was good but predictable as any "franchised" foodery is ,service mediocre.Ordered an omelette for brunch. It was SWIMMING in grease on the plate. Cocktails weren't bad. Won't be going back. Move on - way better options within a 2 block radius.Not a good experience. I understand the prices, since it is Rittenhouse, but the food and experience did not justify it. They forgot to serve us the house bread, there was no olive oil, salt or pepper on the table, our focaccia bread was crunchy and dry (server forgot to bring olive oil with it), and the pizza was something I could have bought off a food truck. Maybe it was just the day, but I wish I had a better experience.This is my first yelp review ever FYI. I'm glad we stumbled across this restaurant and didn't read the reviews on yelp first. When I finally looked it up, we had already ordered our food and I was dumbfounded to see anything less than 4-5 star reviews. The ambiance alone makes it at least a 4. It was such a beautiful night and they had all the windows open, it was PERFECTLY lit. I hate when you go into a restaurant and it's so bright. Everything was candle lit. Even if the food was terrible (which it absolutely wasn't) id still rate this place a 4 on ambiance alone. But the food was amazing and we had an amazing server (Dana maybe?). She was perfectly attentive but not overbearing. We ordered appetizers, several drinks, dinner, dessert, coffee and tea for less than $120. Highly recommend this place.We stumbled onto this restaurant and gave it a try. I found the beer list rather disappointing. Upon learning we were from out of town, our server told me I had to try a Yuengling, but they don't serve it; I promised her I'd try one elsewhere in town. 
My salmon was cooked nicely but the sauce wasn't especially flavorful; the spinach was very good. My son has a fairly basic pasta dish he enjoyed. My wife had a spaghetti squash meal with sauteed mixed vegetables; interesting presentation but she thought it could have been cooked a little longer.
Our server was Dana and she was very attentive.
A minor complaint: water was served in rather small glasses. My son was very thirsty after a 600 mile drive and kept having to get refills.
Enjoyable meal but a bit overpriced.I've been a fan of Serafina since living in NYC up the block from one of their original locations in Midtown Manhattan.  I always loved their penne alla vodka - always rich, and always deliciously creamy.  I'd ask for sun-dried tomatoes in my pasta, which always made the dish for me.
I recently visited Serafina's first location in Philadelphia and was happy with my meal, though service was a bit off both times I visited.  The menu is basically the same...lots of great pasta options, pizzas, entrees like veal chop, steak, roast chicken...but honestly who gets that here?  You gotta rock a pasta/pizza/salad combo if you're going to Serafina, in my humble opinion.
Great news for gluten free peeps - you can get gluten free pasta at Serafina, and it does not disappoint!  They even give you a choice of spaghetti or fusilli, which is a nice change from the normal one shape only policy at other restaurants. :)
I had the Penne Alla Vodka with sun-dried tomatoes (they charged me $3 extra for it, but who cares).  It was delicious, rich, creamy, just as I remembered.  The second time I went I got the Al Pacino pasta dish, which was spaghetti with olive oil, red pepper flakes, garlic and herbs.  It was good, oily, but hey, that's what I ordered and it was great with Parm all over the top.  My group got a variety of pasta dishes which looked good, though the lasagna did not please and probably should have been sent back.  Calamari looked good, though I could not try it (fried).  
Wait staff - I had the same waiter both times I was there, and he was kind of a spazz.  Nice guy, just couldn't seem to service our table properly - didn't bring bread one time, didn't bring change when I asked for it, kinda clumsy service.
Cougar alert - seems like the overflow from Rouge is coming north one block to Serafina!  I consider myself a cub...at least for now. :)Serafina is a hip Italian restaurant near Rittenhouse square with a menu heavy on pasta and pizza.  They really try to be a "see and been seen" kind of place, and the al fresco seating, large open windows between the indoor and outdoor seating, and clubby music lend themselves to this idea.   My initial impression wasn't very good; I think this was primarily because if the hostess had her nose any higher in the air, she'd drown in a rainstorm.  
Our server was informative, and provided good information on the dishes, but she sold them a little strong and seemed to think everything was "amazing."  We opted for a house salad with a fig vinaigrette, the lobster carpaccio, mushroom ravioli, and lobster ravioli.  The house bread was a standout...great flavor, and just the right balance of soft/chewy and crispy.  
The fig vinaigrette salad was nothing special, but the greens were fresh and the dressing a nice light option.  The lobster carpaccio was a very good dish, with a good amount of very thinly sliced poached lobster, a lobster cream sauce, and an arugula salad with lightly grilled corn and hearts of palm.  I really like this dish, and while the lobster was improved a bit with some salt, it's something I'd definitely come back for.  
The mushroom raviolis were traditional square pasta cooked al dente, in a mushroom sauce, and were filled with sweet ricotta and mushrooms.  Nothing to write home about, but a good dish that was executed well.  The lobster ravioli were heart-shaped and a bit thicker than the mushroom, and were filled with ricotta cheese and lobster.  The sauce was lobster bisque style, and the dish was garnished with diced red and green peppers, which the menu hadn't mentioned.  I wasn't originally thrilled with the pepper garnish, but it grew on me as I ate the dish, and by the time I finished I decided I actually preferred the dish with the garnish.  
Overall, the food was good and the atmosphere was nice, especially sitting outside.  They have a full bar, as well, and the sangria we got was nice.  I think they fancy themselves a bit higher on the food quality scale then they really are; that being said, our experience was very good and I'd return without hesitation.  Some other reviewers seem to have had mixed experiences with the service, so your mileage may vary.I went to dinner at Serafina tonight with my aunt and my mom. Honestly, after reading the reviews on here, I wasn't too excited about it.
That being said, I thought that the food (especially the champagne risotto) was really good and the atmosphere was fun. Was it the best Italian restaurant in Philly?  No. But I think it's a lot better than 2.5 stars. Not to mention the fact that our waitress, Kelly, was a lot of fun and the service was quick without feeling like we were being rushed.VERY disappointing. Almost everything about my dinner experience here was underwhelming. For starters, I called beforehand and was told it would be 15-20 minutes for a table of 3. 15 minutes later I walk in with my party to find a couple being seated at a 3-top, after the hostess tells the waitress "nope, no 3's waiting." Really? No threes? I had JUST walked in and informed them we were there, so I don't understand that chain of events. Not only did we have to wait 15 minutes more, but the hostess kept apologizing and making false claims for how much longer it'd be.
After being seated, we were asked if tap water would be fine. Then, five minutes later when we met our waitress, she asked again. Okay, no big deal. We ordered penne ala vodka ($10.75), a mista salad ($7.50) and the pizza with olives, mushrooms, prosciutto and artichokes ($16.50).
The penne was well-cooked and the sauce was tasty (the best food item of the night), but the portion was tiny for the $11 price tag. The salad was good as well; it was nothing fantastic, but nothing to complain about either. The pizza, on the other hand, was a different story. Each ingredient was put on one slice (it was cut into four large slices), so that none overlapped. Picture a full slice with just olives, one with just artichokes, etc. I suppose if this is how it's meant to be made that's fine, but how could the waitress not tell us this beforehand? We would have requested it differently, or at least been prepared to move everything around ourselves. Extremely frustrating and confusing. And for $17! The pizza was small, the toppings were scarce and the taste was mediocre at best.
In the end, I have very little to say about Serafina that is positive. It was drastically overpriced, the food was nothing great and the service was below par. Hopefully they fix the many issues they're having quickly and work through these growing pains before it's too late.Not the first place (or fourth) you think of when brunch in Rittenhouse comes to mind, although the lemon ricotta pancakes with raspberries are worth a special trip. Same can't be said for the bloody mary's, but maybe that's why it's not the first place you think of when you want brunch in Rittenhouse...I'm not sure exactly how this place got its "iffy" reputation, but on my first visit here last week for a business dinner, I tried to keep the opinions of others at bay and partake in an unbiased dinner experience.
The food was good; we ordered a handful of starters for the table.  The Carpaccio Malatesta and Crostini with prosciutto were the most notable. 
My entree was mushroom risotto.  It was rich and I couldn't finish more than half, but that, too, was good.
I think if the vibe here was a bit more lively, it may entice larger, more consistent crowds.  By 9, they were fairly cleared out aside from our table of 10.  While I have no concrete complaints, I wouldn't hurry back.besides decor and location this place had little going for it. i had a mistake of ordering some mess of a chicken salad. poor bird had its meat shredded like there is no tomorrow, tossed with greeny nausea dressing and other ingredients that simply didn't fit together. prices were definitely higher than they should've been, $12 for a glass of mediocre riesling? gimme a break. oh, and out server ignored the shit out of us. didn't check on our entrees. dint refill our water glasses. didn't crumb the table between courses.  we had seen more of server's behind thru entire meal than i cared for (and i do like a nice behind trust me). overall, disappointment, disappointment, disappointment. i don't recommendMan, does this place ever suck. My cousin, who was in town for just a short amount of time, went ahead and made this reservation for a group of six of us on somewhat short notice. I had never eaten here, so I checked Yelp and saw all of the terrible reviews and immediately asked her if we could go somewhere else, like nearby Fuji Mountain. It was to no avail, and we all ended up at Serafina.
Everything about this place is The Worst. They gave us a hard time about seating us a few minutes early, even though they literally told is that our table was ready, and tried to get us to wait in the overcrowded bar area. When they finally took us to our table, the table itself could have easily accommodated four patrons. But as I mentioned, there were six of us. The table was also jammed against the wall and two other tables, so we were all sandwiched in, to the extent that taking a deep breath would have been an endeavor. Being that I am claustrophobic, I especially did not appreciate this.
The food was as middling and underachieving as everyone else has pointed out. I paid $20 for lobster ravioli that contained no actual lobster, but a vague seafood-ish flavor, in a "lobster bisque sauce" that was basically just some sparse orangey-ish cream sauce with hunks of celery sitting in it. I tried some of my cousin's pizza and it was flavorless crust with uncooked mixed greens sitting on top. The hell? Special requests from others at the table were ignored, being that the service was even worse than the food. It took over an hour for us to actually get our food, and not once did our server come over to apologize about the wait or let us know what was going on. Someone from our table had to actually get up and go find him when we had all been sitting around with empty glasses for ten minutes and he was apparently just standing around.
They did end up giving us $15 off the bill due to the insane wait, but I would have rather had my two hours back. Yeah, I understand it was busy, but if your kitchen and wait staff can't accommodate that many patrons, than maybe, say, don't cram as many tables into your tacky-ass restaurant as humanly possible. Because customers like breathing as much as not waiting over an hour for their food.
I just can't say enough bad about this place. I hate it and I'll never, ever, ever, ever, ever go back in my life. You shouldn't go either.I was shocked to see the ratings in this place! I met with a friend for lunch on a Friday afternoon and it was pretty amaziing! I arrived around noon and sat at the bar to wait (for a glass of wine of course) Matthew cam right over and helped me choose some wine. He was gracious enough to let me taste a few wines before choosing the bottle I wanted to purchase. He was so nice and talkative that when my friend showed up we decided to stay at the bar and eat..
We started with the Crostini de Sophia (toasted bread with melted mozz and prosciutto) DELISH!!! We then wanted to tray a pizza and we kept it simple with a Margherita (there are 3 different types of Margherita) we chose the regina....that tii was amazing!!
Of course we just had to have desert.....choose two and split! We have the souflee (more like a lava cake) and the tiramisu....also I wanted a desert martini and Mathew had already chilled down some espresso for an espresso martini.
My experiance was great.....and for a bottle of wine, an ap,entree and 2 desserts we spent 50.00 each with tip (in Rittenhouse that is a deal).
It was a "girls day lunch" and I was more than happy to spend the amount to have great service and food. Can I do it everyday...no but when I can I will definatley go back and spend my money at Serafina!I really hate to do this, but I have to tell everyone out there that I found a worm in my pasta the other night. I get serafina delivery about every 2 weeks and have been going to the restaurant in NYC since I was 10 (it was close t my h.s.). 
Possibly worse than finding the actual WORM in my $20 PASTA was the fact that when I called to report it I could not get to speak with a manager and it has now been a full 72 hours since I called. I was treated SO RUDELY over the phone! A woman named Alee corrected me when I pronounced the pasta wrong but didn't even apologize for the bug (which I have evidence of on my phone!) and denied everything completely. 
Childhood memories down the drain and one less place to order in from in philly...ugh I hate this whole situation!In a failed attempt to eat at Le Castagne (closed for a private party), we stumbled upon Serafina. Even as group of five, we were seated promptly by a very courteous staff-- something I would contribute to sheer luck based on the time of night and the number of patrons inside. The menu was well laid out and we were able to quickly discern what we wanted for appetizers:  the calamari, the filet mignon carpaccio, and the bruschetta.  
Although delicious, only three pieces of bruschetta were served, which was a disappointment (but only a minor setback, all in all). The calamari absolutely sold me; had my other four friends reviewed it, they would have likely suffered from  insufficient data, but I know my calamari, and this was good. The filet mignon carpaccio was both tasty and interesting, as I've had little experience with carpaccio. 
By the time our appetizers arrived, we were able to provide our entree requests; I ordered both the chicken Parmesan (a dish that is always available but never listed on the menu, interestingly) and the Ravioli al Porcini. 
All of our orders were served in record time, something I welcomed and certainly didn't anticipate! The chicken parmesan was thin, had a great texture, and tasted great. I absolutely loved the mushrooms, the creamy centers, and the sauce used for the ravioli.
Complaints? Foregoing the bruschetta dilemma, the music was far too loud, and not very fitting for Italian dining. It felt as if we were eating at a rave (and it was obvious that the older clientele were disappointed). Conversation and this restaurant do not mix well. Beyond this, the atmosphere was great, especially with close friends all enjoying a great Italian dinner. 
I would highly recommend Serafina to friends.Love the atmosphere here! It's always busy, has indoor & outdoor seating, and excellent Italian food and drink selection!We went here for lunch on a Sat. I got the steak (medium rare) and fabulous eggs (sunny side up). The fries were soggy and the steak was small - nothing special. This place is average. 
We had a party of ten and one of the drinks had a fly in it....they replaced it but I felt like they should have comped that drink.We went to serafina for restaurant week, and we enjoyed our food and service. 
The ambience is very nice and it's in a great location. we started w Vitello Tonnato (thin sliced veal tenderloin) and sliced prosciutto w mozzarella. 
we had Veal Scaloppine and Filetto Di Salmone for our entrées. It wasn't impressively good, but its quiet enjoyable. food are fresh and homie. Maybe a little on the pricy side but it's a great deal for RW. having Tiramisu &Chocolate Torta for desserts,  I think it's a good choice to try during RW.The rating is low due to the time we had to wait for dinner.  The kitchen must have lost our dinner order because we had to wait over 50 minutes after we got our great goat cheese salad. Our waiter kept checking but to no avail. The manager did not seem to understand our frustration.Love this place. Great location, great service and great food. Loved our waitress Olivia!I went here for a Sunday brunch. The place was relatively empty and yet we waited an hour for our food. I got the breakfast pizza with a fried egg on it. The pizza was super thin and flimsy and a liquid sauce on it that ran everywhere. The flavors were good but it was impossible to eat.I hadn't heard much about Serafina before we wandered in one night and got an outdoor table for dinner.  We ordered drinks and pondered the menu.  I was craving carbs and since they didn't bring any bread to our table, we ordered the focaccia.  That was when they chose to bring out the bread to our table.  I was kind of irritated because if the bread had been on our table as soon as we sat down, I wouldn't have ordered the focaccia, which was too thin and not very flavorful in my opinion.  
I ordered pasta with a bolognese sauce which was decent.  It had a real nice depth of flavor and it was plenty meaty.  My friends both got a trio dinner which was good.  The prices were decent enough and the food was okay, but I don't think I'll be going back.  It was just middle of the road and the city is full of better quality restaurants.  Sorry Serafina.I have no idea why this place has some rough ratings. Each time we've been here, we've had nothing but quality food. Maybe coming at off times helps, I don't know. One time we ate indoors, and one time we ate outdoors, and we loved it both times. The Rigatoni Alla Bolognese is wonderful, and my fiance loves the Black Truffle Ravioli. Give it a shot next time you're in town! It's a little pricey, but we've never been disappointed by the food.Have eaten at Serafina on three occasions and each time they were sub-par, especially when compared to the awesome restaurants in Center City. Service has always been consistently poor, difficult to get water refills, drinks, even oil with the bread. On graduation the server messed up two orders, failed to admit mistake and apologize, and took 20 minutes to correct error (while everyone else had finished eating). 
TL/DR: Food is decent Italian. Service is very poor.I had the bronzino special and it was so bland! Came with steamed broccoli (bland also. Husband had lobster ravioli which was delish. I was surprised at the lack of flavor.  I've been to so many amazing restaurants in the city it was startling I guess to stumble upon this one. In other news it was definitely healthy.There were five of us for dinner.  The service was good and the food was very good, mostly!  Their Caesar salad was good; the goat cheese salad was rated very good by two of us.  The chicken paillards was tasty, as was the pasta with olive oil, garlic, and Parm...for the most part.  I asked for some chicken to go with the pasta dish and received small cubes of tasteless poultry.  They almost spoiled an otherwise great pasta dish.
Desserts and coffee were fine.Absolutely my favorite!
I work for Second Time Around and always lunch here when I'm in town - it's the favorite part of my visit - makes me feel like I'm in a 'relaxed New York' ...
Summer is the best when they open the windows :)Apparently Serafina has two  functions. The first function is a restaurant which I can't review because I haven't eaten there and frankly the reviews are not encouraging me to do so. The second function of Serafina is a bakery/coffee shop. 
I was there with a friend and ordered a cappuccino with a chocolate croissant, my friend ordered their chicken salad. 
The croissant was fresh and my friend's salad came with an interesting dressing, pine nuts, and  raisins. The salad was made to order however, the meat was a bit on the "lacking" side. 
The atmosphere is nice and the only concern is the fact that they don't have a lot of seating room because I will definitely be spending my time here.I ordered the Bolognese sauce with spaghetti. Good flavor, but not enough sauce. Had to ask for Parmesan ... Who doesn't automatically bring it to the table or at least offer it?  Service lacking, but a nice dining experience overall.Even though it opened 5 days ago the atmosphere was relaxing and the food will make your taste buds dance.Over priced.
"Hip" scene.
Mediocre food.
Eh service.
Menu - nothing special.
PassI do not know why some people gave this place such a bad review! This place was a very good place to eat. The atmosphere was a little loud but not so loud that your ears are ringing or anything like that. The seats were a little close together though. Also the place was very expensive.
The service was very good. They were very nice and I went with a big party of six and some of us were having a hard time making a choice on what food to get. The waiter was very patient and interacted with us a little bit. 
The food was some of the best food I have had at an Italian restaurant ever. The appetizers were delicious. We had gotten Bruschetta. For the entrées three of us got pasta and we all loved it. Another pair got their own different raviolis and they both thought that they were delicious. Then finally one of us had pizza. Some of us got one of the slices because he couldn't eat all of it and I thought it was delicious.
Overall, I felt it was very good there were just small problems that brought my rating down from four to five.I came here for lunch with family about a month ago and the service was pretty good.  I ordered a personal pizza which was excellent and I think my family was pleased with their menu choices.  It seems like a fun restaurant but not too expensive.
There was a large group at Serafina when we were eating lunch, it would have been nice if they weren't quite so loud.  They accept reservations here which is good.Food is great a bit over prices. The service is not good.   Our waiter came by take orders, bring the food and gave us the bill.  Never came by to fill up water or asked if we want another drink.   I had to get up to get my own water!! 
   At the end of the meal the waiter said we ate a alot and we don't need to bother to look at dessert.  Waiter usually convince you to get more food = more tips for them. Guess he is lazy.  Right before we left he sat next to our table counting his tips for the night.   
If this is a dinner I won't complain this much.  But this is a very pricey classy restaurant I expect the service to be better than this.  
Other than yummy food Very disappointed.Great location and reasonable appearing menu. Unfortunately, in a city and location where great food is the baseline for what I expect, this place just doesn't add up.STAY AWAY !!! Over-priced mediocre Italian food. Our waitress was a slow turtle who took 15 minutes to get us our drinks, no lemon garnish, or water. Had to ask for our bread basket. Another 20 minutes later our appetizer arrived. Main course took forever. When we saw the lady behind us who came in after us get her steaming entree before us, with the same idiotic waitress we had, it was time to say something. No real explanation was given. When we asked to see a manager, she came to speak at us defensively saying the waitress assumed we wanted to sit and have a long lunch and that is why the lady behind us got her food first! The manager didn't return to the table nor did she apologize, only comped us for the appetizer and sent back the same useless waitress. We received our food to go, a sad little salad and a pathetic undercooked plain pasta dish. Never going here again and NEITHER should anyone else!Visited today (a monday) at around 1 PM so it was pretty empty as expected. Food was alright, good but not great. I had the tagliolini (spelling might be off!) con pollo which was basically a home made linguini-like pasta with cream sauce, chicken, porchini mushrooms and peas. Flavor was nice and the chicken was not overcooked which is easy to do. I liked it but wasn't ecstatic about it. Well rounded mushroom cream flavor. 
We also had the ricotta cheese cake. I was suuuper disappointed with this. The ricotta made the texture very grainy and the cake wasn't that sweet. It was neither a cake texture nor a cheesecake texture.
Might come back but wouldn't be mad if i didn't.You're charging WHAT for boxed pasta from a lackluster waitstaff? The only reason I can possibly think of to go here is with a big group for the big round booths.
Outside of the furniture, there is nothing redeeming about this restaurant. I just wish they would close so something, anything else can open up in its place. Do yourself a favor and avoid.Yum! Was skeptical about this place considering it has only 2.5 stars but I'm happy I went for dinner.
Amazing pizza (the Bianca) and great wine. 
The dessert was not good, ordered the apple pie and had to send it back. All in all I enjoyed my dinner a lot here and it seems like a good family restaurant as well as for a date night!Normally I'll pop into Devon or Parc for a meal when in Rittenhouse but I was craving Italian food after doing some shopping around Walnut Street this evening, so I went into Serafina for the first time. Wow, another great spot amidst the Rittenhouse dining scene. A happy medium between fine cuisine and genuinely friendly service. 
I was dining solo so I sat at the bar. Kate greeted me and recommended their Rittenhouse Rye cocktail which was the perfect stiff yet sweet drink after trekking around the square. There is one subtle muted TV behind the bar which is a welcome feature in the world of Rittenhouse dining. As I perused the menu, Nick gave me an insightful rundown of the offerings, while tenaciously recommending the lobster carpaccio. Delicious.
I'll definitely be coming in for lunch sometime to try the baby shrimp salad.The sky was dark, and it was about to pour, so my friend and I ran into the closest restaurant. Unfortunately, I did not have time to check out the reviews for this place, but I wish I did!
We were seated in an awkward space next to a booth, so it was a bit tight. The table was really wobbly, but the server didn't do too much to fix it. The music? It was interesting. I mean, I absolutely love electronic music, but it definitely did not match the atmosphere of the restaurant. 
Now to the food! The calamari appetizer that we ordered was pretty awesome.. and addicting. It was a nicely sized portion, and it was probably ruining my appetite, so I had to stop. However, it was just. too. hard. Our entrées? Different story. I ordered the filet mignon because I really couldn't decide between all of these different Italian names. It was weird, to be honest. I've never had a filet in pieces that were connected by fat.. Who knows, but it definitely wasn't the best thing I've ever had. I also ordered the Nonna Mash, which was their twist on the classic mashed potato. It tasted like straight up potato, which now that I think about it, that could have been the twist. I mean, I was certainly surprised!
Service review time! Our server was nice. He seemed to hover a bit at the beginning, but pretty much disappeared after that. My friend ordered a sangria, and never cleared the glass after she finished. He didn't ask to take away the glass until AFTER we finished our entrées, and she was well into her second drink. Other than that, I had no complaints. 
So my review seems to be pretty negative. I don't know why I'm giving them 3 stars, but what the heck.I ate here with my parents' (Mom picked it out) and every part of it was great! Our server, Alyson, was everything you want in a server - friendly , knowledgeable about the menu and asked us what we liked before arbitrarily spouting out suggestions. She also walked that tightrope of service where she was always there when we needed here, but wasn't hovering. 
We split and appy Alyson suggested, which was the LOBSTER CARPACCIO and I never want my lobster any other way! If you have occasion to visit..ORDER THIS!! It's a party in your mouth and it's bursting with flavour. We had dinner (everyone was raving about their mains) and then all shared the brick oven apple pie. (Dare I say?) The party in my mouth got louder.
Delish is all I can say! Run, don't walk to this hip and deliciously cool destination!Comparable to Olive Garden at best!!! 
The busboy/waiter that initially brings water to the table and drinks, told my friend and I that he would come back with a sample from the bartender of a specialty drink we were interested in.  He never came back with it and then when we asked our actual waiter for the "sample" he informed us that the busboy already went home, so we never got what was denoted to us.  
When our actual waiter came over to take our order, I ordered the black truffle ravioli and he informed us that the restaurant was out of several items including the ravioli I wanted.  So I ordered something else but he came back later with a rendition of what I initially wanted.  During our meal the waiter NEVER came back to check on us until it was time bring the check.  The staff seemed like they were in a hurry to leave.  The ONLY reason our waiter received a tip is because we work in the restaurant industry as well and it is proper etiquette.
The food tasted like frozen Italian food reheated and the service was awful, we will never return.I came her for my birthday brunch ....the server knew it was! Not only did my order not come out in time but the manager said to the waiter that it would take another 20-30 minutes! Then when I went to pay.....they didn't offer to take anything off the check! Not even 5$. AWFUL!On Saturday, the man friend and I were lured into Serafina with it's bright yellow awning and plentiful outside seating.  Since we had his little cutie nephew in tow, we liked the idea of sitting outside so we could easily park the stroller and enjoy the nice temperatures. 
What. A. Mistake.
First of all, it should never take a server that long to come say hello and ask for our order.  Never.  But alas, we tried to stay as patient as possible since we were really in no real rush at all.  Server came, drinks ordered, drinks came.
Then.......nothing.  The server didn't come back around to see us for what seemed like an eternity.  We were ready for round 2, and were getting a little cranky.  Once the drinks did get ordered we had to wait another long stretch before they arrived.  At this point, we were a touch fed up and wanted to just pay and be done... but that clearly wasn't going to be a speedy process either.  Finally the man friend had to literally hunt her down and ask for our bill.  And just like that, she was gone again.  He had to hunt her down AGAIN to give her our payment.
In the amount of time (and money) we spent getting 2 rounds of drinks we could have probably consumed 3.  
Bye bye, Serafina.  Cya never.  I just don't have the time.I did take out from the to-go portion of Seraphina last night as I had a horrible experience in the sit down restaurant previously.  I ordered 2 salads and a smoothly.  I was given 2 small salad containers and when I inquired about the size the guy working said they ran out of the large containers; however, he insisted they were the same size.  The salad was about half the size of the regular salad but full price.  Then, after I ordered a strawberry, banana, mango smoothly, they guy informed me that they were out of strawberries, bananas, and mangos.  To cap it off, after my boyfriend and I the salads, we spent the next 5 hours in the bathroom sick.  Gross!Tepid Eggs Benedict, Barely warm scrambled eggs and lukewarm French Toast. The staff seemed disjointed, How can you bring out lukewarm coffee and then take 2 minute to bring back a cream? And then bring some sugar? How do you serve French Toast and then take two trips (after being asked) to bring syrup and butter? (The butter came last.) The kicker was that they apologized saying that it was busy. The place wasn't even half full. Rly?As for the food.  It was just OK. Nothing exceptional.This is a great place for lunch / Brunch ...
I always get the pizza or calamari there both fantastic .
Nice to take a walk through Rittenhouse in the daytime on a afternoon date , then grab some pizza here for lunch and a glass of wine .CheersCould do better on service and with prices - our entrees came out separately and with a ten minute wait between them, without even a comment about the issue from staff!
The food, however, was delicious. :)I'm too tired to be witty with this one.
Obscenely overpriced. The food is fine, but way, way too expensive for what it is.I went on lunch date with my girlfriend and I ordered Tagliolini Al Salmone.
Not a big fan, the smoked salmon too salty and the cream sauce no flavor.
The calamari was ok.
Its ok to try, but to come here regularly its not worth money.I wish I had read the other reviews before coming in here. I came in because of the extensive salad menu, and the place was very busy at lunch time, which I considered (mistakenly) a good sign. The food was mediocre and made moreso by the incredibly poor service. For example, I was hungry and short of time, so after the bread was set down, I had some of it. However, it occurred to me that some butter would have been nice, so just as I was starting to look for it, the waitress belatedly showed up and poured some olive oil into a dish. If I'd known that was coming I would have asked for it when the bread was set down. A similar situation arose with the salad. Several minutes after it arrived the waitress came up and asked if I wanted grated parmesan and ground pepper. I had not known this was coming and was half way through the salad when she arrived; this made a difference since the dressing was quite bland. I had to "wrangle" the bill out of her, by dispatching a huddle group of chatting wait-persons to find her. Between mediocre food and worse service, this is a place I would not recommend even though it was not "awful," just not worthwhile given the abundance of restaurants in the immediate area.Visited for brunch- sat outside which was so pleasant in the fall weather.  Variety of brunch cocktails was nice.  The fab scrambled eggs meal was just what was needed with a good portion of eggs, potatoes and greens.  The pizza I saw
on some other guest's plate looked amazing and I will have to return to try it.  Looks like a good location to bring a larger group.I admit the 2.5 stars gave us pause, but we tried Serafina's out tonight.  My friend & I started w/ Minestrone soup for her & Goat Cheese Salad for me.  My friend said the minestrone wasn't the best she'd had, but my salad was just to my liking.  The toasted goat cheese crostada was perfect w/ the spinach & pine nuts.  We asked our waiter for a dinner recommendation & he advised either the Rigatoni Alla Bolognese or the Ravioli Alla Salvia.  We both ordered the ravioli, which was perfect!  This was a taste I was craving & didn't even realize it.  The butter & sage sauce made the dish.  We topped our dinner off w/ the Créme Brûlée, which had the right amount of crunch & smoothness.  I did not detect the touch of limoncello, but my friend did.  All in all, this was a great dinner w/ a nice atmosphere, good service and decent prices.  I would go again & recommend for a casual dinner.OMG! What a "scene"- if you want to people watch or have "dinner & a show" in tiny-cramped-Manhattan-style tables, this just might be the place for you.
A friend and I met for lunch - which wound up costing me $23.00 for an iced tea and a shrimp salad ($18.00 - ouch!).  She had a hair in her pizza - Eeeeew! Luckily the staff were gracious about it and whisked it away and didn't charge us for it.  The owners of Serafina chain (we used to go to the one on Madison in NYC and it, too, was a "scene"), were holding court with a bunch of leggy PR ladies.  Plus the Chairman of my old law firm was in the house.
What a freakish afternoon.
Decent, overpriced food served with a generous helping of hype - but so not my bag, baby.
Kudos to our lovely server Ayram - I pray does not have to suffer there too long.
Serafina should do well in Center City.   If you are a displaced Manhattanite and long for the old days - this place will do you right.  (Try the carpaccio - looks great.)I was in Philadelphia for work and just walking up and down the streets in the Rittenhouse area and decided to try this place. It seemed like a very trendy place, especially for those who live in the area. It is not a very big place, and there was a wait so I opted to sit at the bar, where I didn't have to wait. Service was good and I had a friendly conversation with a guy who happens to live in the area and owned a couple of grocery stores not far.
To me this place was better than average. Everything I ordered was good, from the salad, drinks, to dessert.
I ordered:
Arugula Parmigiano 
organic baby arugula, cherry tomatoes and shaved parmigiano served w/ fig vinaigrette
Prima Vera pizza
tomato, mozzarella and seasonal garden vegetables
La Torta Di Ricotta
italian cheese cake made w/ imported ricotta
My only complaint would've been having to wait for a table, yet I opted for the bar. I did go on a Friday night over St. Patrick's Day weekend, so I assume another time during the week wouldn't be as busy.We had a terrific experience at Serafina.  A great location for taking in an authentic italian dinner on a late summer evening.  The restaurant opens up very well to enjoy the fresh air and allows for a great session of people watching on Rittenhouse Square.  
Thanks to our waitress Shireen, she recommended the best two entrees on the menu, farfalle-al-limoncello and ravioli-degli-innamorati.  Both entrees were magnificent.  The menu also includes a selection of italian beer (moretti, peroni, etc...).  
Highly recommended dining destination in Philadelphia.  We will definitely return!Stumbled upon this place because the wait at most of the highly rated neighborhood restaurants was very long and we were HUNGRY. Good atmosphere and I enjoyed the crowd. Even though there was a 20 min wait the hostess was able to seat us immediately and was accommodating. Our server was the BEST! Her name was Shireen. Super friendly and very knowledgeable. The gnocchi was very good and as described it melts in your mouth. I also tried the risotto and it was quite tasty as well. Our table was satisfied with our entrees but everything else was just okay including the bread which was average. Cocktail wise I had a manhattan and was happy with the blend and taste. 
I have to mention that one of the servers was attempting to clear one of our appetizers before we were finished and in an attempt to put it back on the table he knocked my water over and it spilled alllll over my lap. It didn't phase him at all and I did not even hear an apology. However the manager came right over along with our server and they were incredibly apologetic and they comped some of our bill. I didn't really care because mistakes happen but it was nice that they took care of us. 
I would probably go back to get the risotto and to hang out with Shireen!Pizza was delicious but it really needed more cheese, anyways I ordered the smoked salmon pizza and I can say that one of the top ten pizzas I have ever had, I'd say maybe the 8th 
Anyways the service was decent I wouldn't exactly say it was good but it was also not bad. 
Seems like they conveniently forget to bring condiments and sauces for the bread.Delighted about how Delicious the food and drink were and they have live entertainment on various dates too!This place is casual, affordable, and relaxed. I sat at the bar and had attentive service from the bartender. I had the gnocchi which was exactly what I expected and wanted. It was a normal size portion too. Just a little too much for me so probably about right for a normally sized person. Unclear as to why this place isn't rated higher. The price is right for the experience (I thought).I'm upgrading Serafina.  Went there for lunch with my wife and it was pretty good.  Still overpriced, but the food tasted better this time around.  The service was good too. 
I would go 3 stars but I am averaging with my initial one-star review.We were lucky to find this restaurant when the restaurant we were originally headed for was closed.  It was late night so we decided to share a pizza and salad.  It was outstanding as was the service (our waiter was Spencer.)  We also shared dessert...the creme brulee and the chocolate souffle.  Both were wonderful.  We will definitely be back on a return trip to Philly.On a warm Sunday afternoon, after looking at a few apartments in Philadelphia, my boyfriend and I strolled into Serafina to discuss our options over brunch.  The restaurant appeared sophisticated and chic.  
Unfortunately, there was nothing sophisticated about the food. The best part of the meal was the coffee.  My boyfriend ordered the french toast, which I, admittedly, did not taste.  I ordered the frittata . . . and ate it.  That was that.  I had to add salt and a lot of black pepper because without salt and pepper it was too bland.  The "bed" of spring mix on top was unremarkable.  The potatoes were fine, just about the only thing on that dish that had any flavor. 
I looked around the restaurant and wasn't surprised to see mostly an older crowd--a sea of similar looking men and women in their 50's and 60's. The men wearing suits or khakis with blue button-downs.  The women wearing Chico's and way too much make-up.  
If you're unadventurous and enjoy an unsalted, mostly bland, standard-tasting American brunch, go to Serafina.  The place is chic, sophisticated, and the people around you will make you feel like a real yuppie.  
I'd rather eat the $5 chicken over rice with white and red sauce that excudes exotic aromas and causes a taste explosion in my mouth from the cart at the corner of the street than at Serafina again.Just.... ok.
Way too expensive for what it is, it's almost like they took the prices from their other NYC area restaurants and forgot to adjust them for Philadelphia.
Pizza and Salad's were good... but not as good as Pietro's or even Slice across the street.  And at nearly twice the price - skip it.
(oh and don't forget to notice the pits in all of the olives served, even those cooked on pizza - hello choking hazard?)you've heard it before, the wait for other restaurants nearby was too long, so we ended up here. I have always wanted to try it anyway, so we went for it.  sat outside, right near the heater which was great as it was getting a bit chilly out. 
all 4 of us ordered pasta dishes (except me, i got the Risotto of the day which was black truffle.  heavenly.) i didn't taste anyone else's but we all loved everything and cleaned our plates. the pasta was all al dente the way we like and had a great amount of flavor. the portions were filling but not too large to be ridiculous.  we did end up taking some home. 
Appetizers we got the bruschetta and the Beef Carpacchio (which was AMAZING). i basically licked the plate clean. the bruschetta was typical bruschetta.  
we all got desserts, and portion size was GREAT.  i got the berry tart which was freshly prepared (ie like right before i got it) and tasted fantastic.  
Our Waiter was Italian and had a perfect accent, he was so charming and accomodating, and didnt seem to be annoyed that we were taking too long to order.  For an upscale restaurant, i found their menu to be quite extensive and authentic.  Everything looked great and i cannot wait to go back and try something else. my husband was mad he didn't go so i will definitely be back.  Maybe next time we can sit in one of the cool round booths. they looked really cute and comfy.  
giving 5 stars, because we thought this place was f**king fancy. and enjoyed ourselves immensely.  if i had read yelp before i went i wouldnt have gone. but i am SO glad that i did.Wow, some of you below are harsh.  This is a decent place, my risotto was excellent and they made a great martini.   My water glass was never below half full and the service was great.  Maybe they are reading your reviews.  I liked this place and would go back for dinner when in Rittenhouse Square.Went here for a work lunch on a lovely summer afternoon.  We sat inside but next to the open floor to ceiling windows so we had a nice breeze, some sun, and excellent view of the passerbys.  We had the Bianca and Mediterranea pizzas between the three of us.  Delicious!  I love the thin crust pizza because you can eat a lot of it without feeling guilty and it's so light and flavorful.  We had a really nice time.  Would definitely be interested in coming back for dinner.Quick and friendly service. Unfortunately good is very average.  Goat cheese pizza on the bland side as was the kids Margherita. Penne Arrabiatta was so- so as well. Fried Calamari app was fine but not memorable. Fine for a quick basic meal. Skip if you are looking for something memorable.I came here for lunch and I was pleasantly surprised.  From the outside it almost looked like a sandwich place.  I had a really good fettuccine dish, and my companion had penne vodka.  They allowed substitution for whole wheat pasta, and we could add anything to the pasta dishes such as chicken or spinach.  The service was very good as well.  There was a bakery attached, but we didn't try it.For tourists and people from Jersey, which is their business model in NY too. Also for cougars if Rouge, Parc, Devon and A Kitchen have all reached fire code capacity.I needed to make a reservation on short notice and Serafina seemed to have plenty of time slots available on a Saturday night.  I had walked by multiple times and they always seem to have a classy crowd.  I was a few minutes late for our 8:30 reservation but they seated my date and I right away.  The table was very small and so hard to get to that other people had to get out of their seats so we could get by.  The waiter showed up pretty quickly and we had wine on the way.  They brought bread to the table but the oil they provided was very watery and in a very small dish.  Only about a minute after they gave us our bread they dropped off our first appetizer of Bruschetta.  The Bruschetta was decent for the price but nothing to write home about.  For dinner my date got a chicken salad that seemed to be okay.  I ordered the Gnocchi di Mamma after recently have phenomenal Gnocchi over at Branzino.  Unfortunately, this dish tasted more like Spaghetti O's than than a $17 dish.  I probably could have just popped open a can and saved the money.  Anyway, overall the atmosphere was pretty fun and lively for a date and the service was decent.  I am not sure the food impressed me enough to go back for the price.Horrible, could barely find the server. They were too busy to pay attention to everyone
 The chicken was horrible! Looked thin like paper. Never going there again...Loved the location, atmosphere and staff was so friendly and inviting.  Great energy and we had a blast with our server.  The drink and food selections where great.  
The big draw back for me was the food.  It was presented well but very bland.  The food seemed to be an good attempt at different and exciting but missed the mark in my opinion.After waiting 20 minutes (we had a reservation) our food was not so good and the staff was not very accommodating. The main problem was we had a baby with us and there clearly were places open. We made a reservation because we had a baby and did not want to stand around waiting for a spot.Happy with Serafina again! We used Dining In to get Serafina delivered. My San Pietro salad was separated into separate containers. This kept it fresh and allowed me to not even need the dressing. My boyfriend loved his pasta dish, rigatoni with meat sauce, and a roll. I definitely recommend Serafina for anyone looking for great Italian food. I haven't tried the pizza yet, but I am looking forward to trying the pizza another time!Just so, so, so boring. My first Serafina experience was in NYC by accident. But in Philly I was taken by choice. We had a few minutes to duck out of the hotel and eat before an epic wedding. I recognized it as "somewhere I had eaten in the distant past and don't remember hating," so we sat down for some pasta.
It was clear that their lunch crowd was, well, basically non-existent. I'm willing to acknowledge that maybe we had the B-Team (D-Team?) of cooks - but what's clear is that they were re-heating pasta that was probably wrapped in Saran Wrap and cooked the day (night) before. The taste was bland all around, the prices, for what it was, were a bit insane. I realize they are in the middle of Philly and I'm sure their rent is quite high. But I'll just say this - My Sicilian Grandma taught me to make pasta (and sauce, from scratch) and I can do it pretty fast, pretty easily and pretty cheap - so if I can do it, I would expect a friggin "Italian Restaurant" to do measurably better than myself for the price - but alas, my G-ma would kick Serafina all over the map, and not just because she was a badass Sicilian. Let's just say that, for the price of one dish here, I could have fed 5 friends a magnificent pasta dinner with homemade sauce from organic ingredients, and still had enough cash left over for a bottle of semi-decent Chianti.
Just a very predictable, "restaurant industry-like" restaurant. No one seemed to care much about anything, all the way down to the hostess and bussers.Really?? Such bad ratings?
My friends and I LOVED it here. Our server was awesome, and the food was even better.
Loved the penne a la vodka. The creme brulee was great too, but could have been better. However, the sorbet here - to DIE for. Seriously.
Wasn't cheap, but I wasn't expecting it to be. The food was bomb.Wandered into this Italian restaurant on a Thursday night mostly because the prices were more reasonable than the surrounding options.
The mozzarella appetizer was absolutely delicious and a nice portion to share. Both pasta dishes we order- spinach ravioli and gnocchi were good and not an overwhelming portion.
I didn't find the service wonderful- granted we were a party of two stuck next to (very, very close to) a seven table party.Was here for a work dinner. Our server, Andrew, was very attentive and affable. We had a prix fixe menu but the choices that were offered accommodated the different dietary needs of the group. Solid service and food.Only been a few times for lunch.  Try the artichoke salad!!  Beef carpacio was great too!  It's a nice spot when the weather is nice with a breeze carrying through the place.  Quick, friendly service.  I took some pastas to go for dinner later and the bolognese was great out of the micro.As my great Uncle Norman, a long time city dweller pointed out, the bread wasn't fresh and they were cheap with the sauce in the pasta dishes. Go for the pizza if you go at all.
With so many amazing byob italian restaurants why would you go for sub par pasta and twelve dollar glasses of average wine?
This all being said, I was a member of the clean plate.club. Food is food.We decided to give this place another try.  We weren't impressed on the first visit, but figured maybe it was an off night.  The service was horrendous.  The food wasn't that much better.  I'll go hungry before even think of returning.Sincerely disappointed!
Having passed this location many times and seeing the great sidewalk seating, it seemed fitting to celebrate a friend's birthday there with lunch on a lovely day. Instead of quality food and service that I was expecting in this location and price range, we were treated rudely and with blah food!
Our hostess was not pleased/bothered by our request to sit outside - and then our server was hardly attentive! My friend received his ice tea quickly and I waited over 10 minutes for my soda, which was in a tiny glass... because they 'ran out' of the normal sized glasses. When we put our order in for 2 pizzas and some yummy sounding focaccia - the waitress flat out said, "are you really sure you want to eat so much bread? Perhaps you would be better off with some salads!" - I took great offense to that! We were rather decisive in our selection and did not need criticism from our server about our meal choice!
After that, service was slow and very abrupt. Our pizza came out lukewarm at best and ended up cold when we got to our last slices. Also the focaccia is not the thick fluffy Italian focaccia one who knows true focaccia well would expect - but rather dry, brittle flavorless flat pizza crust. In addition... when my tiny soda glass became empty (which didn't take long) it took a long time to be refilled.
Disappointed overall and do NOT plan on returning!The server dropped menus on the table after we had to request to see them. Not very friendly.
Food was good, but you can probably do better. Sad to see the service so lousy.
It's cool you can eat on the street and people watch, but I fail to see what this restaurant does that others can't do better.3 stars for decent food, 0 stars for service. If you're looking for great Italian, keep looking there are much better options down the street.  Service was unacceptable and there is a reason the dining room was so empty at prime dinner hours.Pretty solid, always good, but definitely well overpriced for what you get.Stumbled upon this restaurant on my first day in Philly with my boyfriend. The place was packed, and very fully staffed. Our waters were filled every minute and someone was always in front of a table to clear away anything that looked dirty or with finished food. 
The food was delicious. I had mushroom linguini and the boyfriend and salmon pasta. They refilled our bread basket although the wait wasn't TOO long. The staff was friendly. The tables were so closely pushed together that one bus boy accidentally dropped a plate next to me (I didn't get hurt, but the plate broke, poor guy trying to clear off everything during rush hour), and we got a free dessert. Yum!Service is really fast ! desserts all look so good.The red velvet cupcake was really moist and creamy. The apple turnover it taste so good warm .The seating area is very tiny but cozy.Came here for dinner a few nights ago with my girlfriend and was quite pleased with the ambiance, the service and the food.  We started with fresh bread (with olive oil for dipping) and an order of the buffaline--fresh mozzarella atop a bed of tomato slices.  Not a fan of tomatoes, so I let my girlfriend have those, but the cheese itself was wonderful.  After scanning the rather expansive menu, I settled on the mushroom ravioli, and my girlfriend went with her favorite, the mushroom risotto.  While my ravioli was great, my only gripe was that for the price of my entree, the portion was a bit smaller than I had expected, so my girl let me have some of her risotto, since her portion appeared to be much bigger and more worthwhile than what I ordered.  The moral of my experience at Serafina? Next time, I'm ordering the mushroom risotto.If I could give this place a negative star I would.  This place has the most mediocre uninspired lousy food I have ever been subjected to in my entire life.  If I hadn't been forced to come here by my family I would have walked out. 
The service is less than acceptable.  I thought the waitress and her forced cheerfulness was unbearable.  Did a house fall on her sister to create such crankiness? 
The food was beyond lousy!  Ugh - terrible.  Please Serafina just leave Philadelphia and never come back.  Go create horrible food for someone else please just leave! 
The pizza crust taste likes the bottom of a kiddie pool!  Why does the pizza here taste like chlorine?  Does anyone in your restaurant care?  Do you take us for fools?  Why do insist on tormenting us with your food?  
The salad was just beyond awful with something chicken like festering on top of wilted lettuce.  
Run Run Run far away from this place! 
Horribly overpriced as well.Great service, atmosphere and food. I had the Farfalle al Limoncello; the shrimp was absolutely divine, the sauce was not too creamy nor too salty. It was a dish with a perfect balance. My bf had a salmon pizza, but that was not so great. It tasted good, but was somewhat bland and lacked in creativity. It was just a cheese pizza with a piece of smoked salmon on top.Good if you want to go to a scene near the square and people-watch, while dining on some decent Italian food. Otherwise expensive and kind of pointless, considering how many better (and cheaper) options are available in the near vicinity for great Italian food.
But what the hell, why not mix it up once in a while? The servers are friendly, and the bartenders will take good care of you. If nothing else, get a pizza and a few drinks.Was there in Saturday after a great time at Christmas village. Just found it on Yelp and by walking by. Reminded me of a Resturant in little Italy section of NYC. Great atmosphere and nice selection of food. Wine list is small but good. My wife had the truffle ravioli and I had the pizza with mozzarella and prosciutto di parma on a thin crust! Everything was fantastic. What really sets this place apart from other Rittenhouse rest is how well they treated my 5 year old daughter! The waitress was fantastic and played with her. Made her the priority when serving us. I recommend this place to everyone.The menu, and the food I tasted, can be described as where mediocrity meets a lack of imagination.
The chocolate cake was good though.Let's be clear. The fancy restaurant part is rubbish. It's overpriced mediocre Italian food. And there are many better places in town for fine Italian dining.  
But the takeout sandwich part is really really good.  The chicken sandwich is fantastic. The pregiitto sandwich is Devine. And the prices are reasonable - for Rittenhouse Square.Came in for brunch on Sunday and it was very busy so we took a seat at the bar for a drink.  About 10 minutes of sitting on uncomfortable bar stools later, we ordered a drink just before the hostess arrived to take us to our table. Among the clutter of tables was a four-top near the corner of the bar.  The tables are so packed together in this restaurant that I kept getting bumped by other patrons or staff walking by.  With so many people buzzing around, I felt a bit panicked and wanted to leave immediately. Thankfully,  the two tables next to us cleared out so we decided to stay.  The waitress was young and very inexperienced - she didn't even know the menu which I find annoying. I ordered the orange cinnamon french toast (which came out without syrup and without any taste of orange) and my fiancé ordered the steak and eggs which was ok at best.  We shared a chocolate soufflé' which claimed to have Nutella complement, but they decided to just use a rich chocolate sauce and hope we didn't notice; we did.  I would tell people to eat elsewhere as this place had ok food, bad service, and the tables are packed too tightly together.I had admittedly low expectations for Serafina, and they rose to the occasion!  Of my low expectations, that is.  When I found out that a NY pizza and pasta place was opening up with al fresco dining on a busy corner of the city, I was hopeful.  On most nights, the restaurant seems packed.  I appreciate this.  The extra foot traffic and people is good for the city.  It brings in revenue, and it just gives the area some much needed energy.  That's all fine and good.  
So, does it deserve all this attention?  Sadly, no.  I was wandering the city on a lazy Sunday and dropped in for a bite of pizza and a beer.  The beer and pizza were reasonably priced, and service was friendly.  However, the pizza itself was a massive letdown.  First of all, they may have a brick oven, but it's gas fired.  I love me some wood or coal oven pizza.  Barbuzzo and Zavino come to mind, and even Pietro's.  I'm pretty sure that Slice is gas, but they make some damned good pizza.  So back to Serafina- the pizza was a uniform light brown, and the crust was very uniform.  This may appeal to the Domino's or Papa John's demographic, but not to me- I know better and have higher expectations.  The flavor of the crust was pleasant, but not good.  If I closed my eyes, it could have been any corner pizzeria's crust.  The cheese on top was not special.  No Claudio's mozz here. Or even fresh mozzarella.  And the sad margherita pizza came with a tiny sprig of basil in the middle- not enough for me.  The pizza experience was not unlike Elio's.  Yes, I ate it as a fat child, and I enjoyed it, but I grew up.  I'd even venture to say that Serafina falls short of Stouffer's french bread pizza.  I'd eat Stouffer's again, but not Serafina.
As for the clientele, it was very touristy.  Think Hard Rock Cafe.  No, I've never been to one, but it can't be much different.  There were tons of children, crying babies- not a happy place for 33 year old me.  
So, in conclusion-  I would go back for a drink and to sit outside.  The service is pleasant and the location is great.  However, I'd pass on the pizza.  There are so many locally based restaurants with far better execution, less than a block away.I went here to see what all the hype was about, I was not impressed. The scene was filled with a bunch of Philly posers who wanted to pretend they were in NYC. The food was ok; not good or bad, just ok. The service left a lot to be desired. We couldn't get refills on water the waitress was busy, one dish was cold and needed to be reheated, then we had to wait for the check because the waitress was too busy. Meanwhile, the manager was giving us dirty looks because they were busy and he wanted our table, but we had to wait and receive and pay our bill.
I will not go back.Someone said it's an expensive Olive Garden.  I would actually go so far as to call it a Domino's with no taste.  Service is horrible.  Also if you are thinking chi-chi because of the location, remember kids love pizza and aren't picky about what it tastes like.I understand it's Christmas but if you are going to be open, your staff should attempt to give decent service. 
I sat at the bar and ordered a drink, the bartender responded with "well I'm really backed up so that won't be made right."  I told him never mind, I'll have a water and will ask for a table.  
After sitting for 5 minutes at a table, we had to ask for menus.  The bartender had someone deliver the original drink I had ordered, I told them no thank you as I was drinking something else at that point.  Our food came out 10 minutes apart and was poorly prepared.  At this point we started chatting with the tables around us who all had either the wrong food delivered to their table or rude service as well. 
All the other restaurants in Rittenhouse were packed tonight and this was our last choice, we should have ordered in Chinese!I'm really glad I didn't look at the reviews before we went, because they sure would have deterred me from what turned out to be an excellent dinner. Boyfriend and I went around 7:15, no reservation. The decor is pretty classy and there was a respectable crowd. We were seated right away and immediately served water. We were served pretty standard bread and oil after placing our orders. We shared the penne stoli (added sausage for $5) and the pizza with proscuitto and egg. Everything was delicious! Adding the sausage to the pasta was an excellent choice, and it was cooked al dente with a delicious sauce that was flavorful without being unhealthy. The pizza crust was delicious; the proscuitto topping was slightly more salty than I prefer but not bad overall. The only negative aspect was that due to our crowded table location, the waiter kept booty-bumping my arm and our tray of pizza. Luckily nothing spilled, but make sure to sit away from the corner window during meal rush time. Other than that, decent service and one of the better Italian restaurants I've had since I moved to the city 2 months ago (definitely better than Fratelli's).Save yourself the trouble of coming to this place. The food is mediocre and service is worse. The waiter:  forgot what wine was ordered; offered bread but did not bring it; never offered salt, pepper or cheese for the pasta, etc.  Very disappointing, not to mention overpriced for what you get.The minestrone soup is the BEST I have ever had. The Chopra salad was excellent as well. Tiramisu was light and delish! Overall really enjoyed the food and location. Would definitely go back again and try the fish or pasta next time.I would have probably given it a 2 1/2 stars and not a full 3.  Came here for a midweek lunch and had the lobster ravioli; heart shaped at that.  Typically I would never finish an order of pasta, but this was so very good, I ate every bite.  They were very light for a ravioli.  My dining companions had the gnocchi and chicken salads respectfully. Both were a solid "good" rating and portions were all very large. 
Really did enjoy the food, but the real failure here is the service and noise level.  the service was slow, yet the restaurant was only half full. They were not very attentive and every single time they walked past me, they hit my chair with never an apology or attempt to NOT  bang into me.  When offered grated cheese for our meals, we were given an overflowing, large spoon simply dumped right on top.  When asked to place less on the spoon, she took the hint and sprinkled it so that we were not left with a cheese mound on top of the food. the restaurant is also very loud which was surprising given that it was only half full.
I would certainly give Serafina another chance but I think they should really work on the service side of things.Went there for the first time last week. The food is great and the atmosphere is casual but great for a date. My boyfriend loved the chicken parm special so much we had to go back a few days later because he was craving it ! My pasta was great both times as well. 
I have nothing negative to say about our service either time and will definitely be going back in the future.You could blindly stumble into about any other bar or restaurant in this area and have a better experience. Everything is just "off"
Very high prices for mediocre Italian "mall" food- Think Brio, Macaroni Grill or Carrabba's quality, but you get to pay about 2-3 times more and have it served by sullen, snotty, gum chewing and way-too-cool to get you anything servers and bartenders. 
I've eaten at their NY location and the tragic-trainwreck Geisha in NYC. All bear the unmistakable mark of indifferent and incompetent management. I guess if you can afford an "A" location, you only need to "get" people once. I'm sure there will be plenty of fodder for them in Rittenhouse Sq.     
Three strikes for flat out bad service, non-existent hospitality and mediocre-poor food.Good. Not great. Not somewhere I'd be in a hurry to go back to. Went with a group of 5 and ordered drinks, 2 pizzas and a salad. Ordered the artichoke salad - which is just cut up artichoke bits. It wasn't bad, just not at all what we expected. We went with the Al Caprino and Bianca- dough is fab but toppings are lacking. 
I ordered a jalapeno margarita off the cocktail menu and was informed they didn't have the ingredients for the drink... or half the other drinks on the menu. So I ordered a regular margarita then changed it to a beer... then the waitress accidently brought me out both a beer and margarita (which we didn't get charged for so I'm not complaining). We had reservations but the place was packed - as most other CC spots are on a Sat night. It's a nice spot for some people watching but aside from that I'd head somewhere. For the price/quality it's just not that great.Went here w/ 5 coworkers for a welcome lunch. The food was terrible. I had a grilled shrimp salad. The shrimp was cold, lettuce was old and the asparagus tasted like it came out of a can. My coworker ordered a pasta and the waiter came back and told us they were out of pasta!!! Service was slow as well. We had to wait 20 minutes to get a bread plate. Don't go, NOT worth the money ....I am rarely this critical of any places, but when you are being charged that much one should expect a decent service. Our server was all over the place. We initially had to wait more than 7-8 mins to get her attention. Generally one gets a bread basket before the appetizers are served...we were not...after the appetizers were served...we literally had to ask for smaller plates...the pizza we ordered were one of the most under seasoned I ever tasted. One understands this kind of a service when the place is full, but it was not even half full when we walked in. The whole experience was awe full and the server showed us the bill with cartoons on it and specially highlighting the sections so that we could read the service fee percentages. I AM NEVER GOING BACK TO THIS PLACE EVER.Decent ambience, but awful food. If you're operating anything that sells Italian food in the tri-state area you know the bar is already set pretty high. But putting that fact aside, the food was overpriced and inedible. I learned my lesson.I walked past this place and then checked the Yelp reviews. The comment almost made me not go here. But, I did. 
The red wine? Perfect. The service? Not bad at all. I ate at the bar and the bartender was great. Super friendly! 
Overall, food was decent, wine was good and people were friendly.
I'd absolutely go back.I could do without Serafina's bright yellow awnings on 18th Street. The restaurant feels like one of those places where you come to see and be seen - like Parc but without the help of a Stephen Starr reputation. In fact, I found myself heading over to Parc after a disappointing dinner of too-heavy Penne Vodka for a strong cocktail and dessert.
You cannot be seated at an outside table unless you are ordering food which was very disappointing to learn. The menu is fairly large and the kitchen doesn't produce any excellent dish but manages to turn out a variety of mediocre Italian-ish plates. The wait staff was rather aloof and my meal felt rushed. There was a great deal of whining at the bar by neighborhood regulars who had come to complain about their life, their day, their relationships. It made for quite the melancholy atmosphere. A meal will easily run you more than $20 per person, even at lunch, especially if you order any seafood. Prices I am not willing to pay for less than stellar offerings.I stopped by Serafina's yesterday excited by the prospect of eating at a sister restaurant to one of my favorites midtown Manhattan eateries. Boy, what a disappointment. I ended up not eating there so can't review the food. My experience was the lack of courtesy. The young lady in question would not seat me at one of the seven or more free tables. Her comment was "You'll have to sit at the bar since we do not seat individuals at the tables". I was alone. Have you ever heard of such nonsense? I have to say that was the first and, hopefully, last time I ever visit this establishment. I walked out feeling like I had ruined her day by not complying with her wishes. No thanks, Serafina. You need to wake up if you're going to survive in this town!We went to Serafina for Brunch around 3.30pm on a Saturday. Overall the place was OK. 
The location is convenient, in the center city. Since that day the weather was nice, we liked the fact that we sat outside. The environment outside was good, although a bit busy due to the cars. 
Unfortunately we went there without paying attention on the reviews in advance. The restaurant looks generally more formal and fancy, so we thought that the food would be great. I ordered eggs Benedict that were just OK.. not bad, but no good, I have tasted much better ones in the past. The potatoes on the side were not very tasty, and the salad looked like a plastic bag ready to eat one. 
The service was good, although a bit annoying because I felt that they are pushing us to order more food. 
The price I believe was high. OK, we are in the center city, but the food you offer, is not good, given the money I pay. I payed ~18 dollars for the eggs (incl. taxes and tips), and I have been to places that even with less (~12-15) with awesome eggs Benedict plate. It was disappointing.Mediocre at best. For an Italian place in the Rittenhouse area this was quite a let down. A friend and I came here trying to get our Italian fix, nothing fancy. The food was a little too pricey for what you're getting- a dish I can pretty much make at home. If you're going to do Italian, do it well or at least don't charge people so much for it. Maybe what I'm looking for is something along the lines of Noodles and Co. But still haven't found it in Philadelphia.
We ordered a bottle of wine to split and even split the entree since we were looking for something small. Somehow I still ended up with a $20 some amount bill for only getting half an entree of plain pasta? 
The bread basket is a nice touch and tasted really good! The server was friendly and attentive and even  gave us another wine sample to taste.
Granted the food hit the spot, just not so much for my wallet.We were unimpressed. The food was ok. Good, but not impressive. Service was disappointing. We first had to wait quite a bit to get our order taken. The main course came right in the middle of our appetizer. No one apologized for the poor timing as our plate were getting colder on the table. Even though the place was half empty and still open for at least 2-3 hours we had the impression of being pushed out of there. Not a great dining experience.Goat cheese spinach salad was excellent. Chef's idea of medium as warm pink center was never right and after second warm up of second steak I gave up and settled for medium rare. Service was inconsistent with wait staff on previous night was excellent. But tonight was mediocre at best. After second steak came out, had to request the manager's attention which was less than responsive and the bare minimum of customer service.
Overall food very good but inconsistent service results in me looking for alternatives at this price point.Went to Serafina for brunch with my daughter while visiting Philly today. We were seated immediately but then effectively and blatantly ignored. The place was NOT busy and there were 4-5 workers standing around the register area but no one approached our table to even bring us water much less take a drink or food order. We had put down the menus and were obviously ready to order and looking around for a waiter/ waitress. I know 15 minutes in a busy restaurant isn't long to wait but literally there were only 3 tables seated when we arrived. The place was virtually empty. We won't be going back! Went across the street to Dandelion and have both water and drinks and ordered food!  Much better service and atmosphere in Dandelion too!i was extremely excited to try this new restaurant, but was extremely disappointed by the outcome.
pros: excellent location, almost every table has a great window view and on a nice summer day you can sit outside or inside because all the large windows open all the way which is awesome.  We also came with a large party and were told the wait would be 60-90 min, left our cell and at nearly exactly 1 hour later we were called for our table, so that was nice punctuality.  The hostess at the front was also very nice.  Waiter service was decent enough.
Cons: the food was mediocre at best- edible yes, but really nothing special at all.  I got the gnocchi and it was way over cooked, other people at my table got pastas, ravioli, pizza and really none of them had any exciting flavor.  The prices on some things were reasonable, but others were just ridiculous- the $10-$15 range seems appropriate, soggy gnocchi for $18 goes too far.  The wine was also way over priced for what it was-  a "serafina" pino grigio for $35 tasted like it would cost $5/bottle.  When our food came, no one offered parmesan, etc.- it just sort of got dumped on our table.  And lastly, this can be a pro or con depending on the person, but the food comes out incredibly fast- like hadn't even finished our apps and they were throwing the rest of our food at us.  Giving us time to chew, relax and talk would really be nice.
Overall, there are SO many excellent restaurants in philadelphia and this is not one of them.  The best thing they have going for them is location.I went there for brunch on a Sunday. Each entree was the same price which was a little over $20. I ordered the lemon ricotta pancakes. I received 3 small, thin pancakes that would barely make 1 regular sized pancake if mixed together. My husband's bloody mary tasted like bad, expired drink mix. The wait staff was inexperienced and rude. The location is too good for this restaurant. All show, doesn't deliver. Terribly disappointing.I had a business lunch at Serafina in mid-April 2012 and while not the best lunch I have ever eaten, it was nowhere near the horrible experience detailed in others' prior reviews (it also helped that we are the client and had no idea where they were taking us and had no prior knowledge of the awful Yelp reviews).
Service was OK - friendly enough, attentive and they got all of our orders right.  One person had beef carpaccio and said it was good.  Another had a mozzarella and tomato salad that looked delicious and i had a tartare of salmon and tuna in a well-seasoned sauce (like a thin aioli) that was fresh and appealing.  Two of us had pastas, one a rigatoni bolognese and the other being ricotta-stuffed ravioli in a black-truffle butter sauce.  I had the latter, and was happy with it.  It was fresh and delicious, but the sauce could have had a more pronounced truffle flavor.  
Espresso was quite acceptable if not delicious.  Prices are a bit high for what you get, even considering the location.  I didn't pay, so I wasn't really concerned.  It is good to be the client!We were in the city for the weekend and stopped by Serafina for brunch yesterday. We enjoyed an amazing French Toast that was made to perfection. Syrup was not needed at all on this tasty delight. We also loved the omelette with Canadian bacon, cheese and spinach. The wait staff was very attentive and friendly. Our water and iced tea glasses were never empty. The bread was fresh and the olive oil and balsamic vinegar mix was delicious. We had a wonderful time and will definitely be back. The pizza looked so good that I will be ordering next time even though I am on a low carb diet. It will be my cheat meal for the week.The service is spot on in this establishment, REALLY.  Our server was Elijah... He and the manager are gems!  I have never received such wonderful service at any other restaurant in Philadelphia.  They always go the extra mile here...even if you order lite.
I really liked what I ordered tonight: gluten-free penne arrabiata, with basil.  My man ordered whole wheat pasta with bolognese...loved it!I am a huge fan of the NY locations and have been thinking about trying the Philly location since moving here two years ago.  I went on a Saturday night, 7:30 reservation, with 3 guests from out of town.  I was a bit nervous given the multiple bad reviews but they wanted Italian and getting a last minute reservation on a Saturday night in March with amazing weather is next to impossible.  We were seated immediately and our server was a very nice young lady.  I ordered the standard beef carpaccio app which was delicious.  It was a good size with paper thin cuts of beef.  We also had the tuna carpaccio and fried calamari.  The tuna was fantastic! I don't eat fried but my friends said the calamari was just OK.  It came with only a small amount of dipping sauce so they had to ask for more- twice.
The entrees were all very tasty.  I shared the veal scaloppini and veuve truffle risotto. The veal was good but not as tender as I hoped.  I'm also extremely turned off by their decision to serve potatoes with it and almost every meal.  They are not at all good.  Why not use your signature homemade pasta as the side?  It is certainly expected in an Italian restaurant.  The veuve truffle risotto was amazing-nothing else to say about that!  I tasted the truffle ravioli and that was very good too.  The last entree was a filet which my friend thoroughly enjoyed but I did not taste.  I liked the decor but the tables were quite crowded together.  There was a very tall, thin Borat looking guy who flitted around all night looking lost-not sure what his actual job was but he was a bit unsettling to watch.
Overall, it was a great dinner and I will certainly go back-especially for a dish of that risotto all to myself.I love the fact that you can sit outside and face the busy street as you enjoy your meal. It's very quick and you get seated right away most of the time. I always order the baby shrimp and avocado salad which is an appetizer, but it's definitely filling and goes well with a drink of choice. The portions are pretty good and everything is quick and easy here.i was really not impressed especially for a place that always seems busy. The food was mediocre and it was served at room temperature. I definitely do not plan to return.Had dinner here with a friend on Saturday. After we were told it'd be at least a 30 minute wait, we decided to sit and eat at the bar. It was crowded, but I also felt like the bartender was horrible. Took over 10 minutes just to get waters, and another 15 for our drinks. He really didn't want to serve us food because after we asked for food menus he ignored us even longer, had to flag him down to order calamari, lobster ravioli and a spaghetti squash dish. Our entrees came out, they forgot our calamari appetizer. They asked if we wanted it after we were completely done with our entrees and I didn't but my friend did. The bartender/server comped one of our drinks but I feel like he wasn't apologetic or anything at all. Also the portions are small for what you pay, I will stick to south philly for my Italian fix and will not return to Serafina.My Husband and I had a dinner date at this place and it was really really good I was happy with my service and  I would definitely go back againSince I moved to center city, I loved Serafina's style.  It's the classic cosmopolitan place to eat, you can seat outside when there's good weather. To say the good things first, the prosciutto and buffalo mozzarella is the perfect appetizer, and the best pizza is 'Al Tartufo' ....it's rich, and you can taste all the ingredients in it. 'Di Fabio' is another good choice, it has mozz and prosciutto.  Delicious.  The chicken salad and the fillet Mignon salad are in good shape, too.  For dessert, I've only tried the 'berry tart' which is a light choice, but doesn't mean that you would end the day without satisfying your craving for something sweet.  I recommend it if you don't want to add more calories at the end of your day or if you indulged yourself enough.  MY BIGGEST COMPLAINT about Serafina is the service, and I have t say that it's the GM's fault which is not very nice either, and every time I see her, she's always sitting down.  Her staff is terrible.  It looks like they've a lot of people, but they always seem like they're in a hurry, confused, and always making mistakes.  It could be that they hire inexperienced people to pay them less, or that they don't get any training at all about the company culture.  Last time I was there (this week) a girl, who was super HYPE, padded my back when I was sitting down (FIRST TIME I SEE HER IN MY LIFE), then she disagreed on my choice for dinner in a rude way, not suggesting something else, but saying 'I wouldn't order that because it's basically the same thing'.....What if I want to eat prosciutto twice..I love prosciutto!!!!!!!! Then she put pepper on my salad without asking, and she forgot to bring the wine to the table.  Overall, she looked disoriented, and definitely not someone who portrayed the SERAFINA CULTURE I used to know. I honestly don't intend to visit them anymore, but I like their food, so I will just get the food delivered or pick it up.  I've just shared my last experience, but it hasn't been the first one, this was the final stroke to stop going there for good.The food and service were terrific.  We started with calamari which was light and delicious;  not greasy or tough.  Our risotto, and spinach/ricotta crepe entrees were both well prepared and exceeded our expectations. It was a cold holiday evening, made cozy and festive by the great dining experience. We are visiting from out of town, but would stop back here next time we visit.I've been here twice and will probably not be going back. The first time I came, a friend and I sat outside and had to wait a pretty long time before even getting water. We didn't mind because it was such a nice night.
I gave them a second chance, and came back on a Saturday around 7pm to sit inside. This experience was worst... The service was ok but felt rushed. The food was also just ok, but expensive. The worst, however was the noise. It was so crowded and so LOUD that we ended up cutting drinks short to just get out of there so we could have a real conversation.I've been wanting to try Serafina ever since it came to Philadelphia and I must say it surpassed my expectations. I made a 4 person reservation for a friday night at 7:45 and had a last minute adjustment to add an additional person to our party and they were more than helpful. The wait took no more than 5 minutes. 
The service: 5/5
Their restaurant staff was more than accommodating. Our waiter gave great suggestions and was very kind and friendly.
The food: 5/5
We shared the bruschetta and the tomatoes were very rich. We also ordered the calamari which was incredible. It may have been the best fried calamari I have had in the city. I ordered the Farfalle al Limoncello and my only complaint was I wanted more. The cream was very light which was expected when you're going for a zesty dish. Their was a great balance between the acidity, cream, and sweetness to it. Baby shrimps were large than I had expected (nothing wrong with that, if anything that's a plus). I do regret not ordering a dessert but I guess I'll just have to come back soon!
Atmosphere: 4/5
Tables are pretty close together which makes the restaurant feel a bit crammed. Also it makes everything a bit noisier. Other than that, everything was fine. 
I would definitely recommend Serafina to everyone. I look forward to my next meal there.Every time we're in Philly, we stop here and we really need to stop doing that. It's the food. I don't like the food. Salads are over dressed, cream sauce is over creamed, drinks are over iced, it's always cold, the windows are always open and why is there always a fly? The service is nice enough, but when I go out to eat - call me crazy - but I actually wanna eat. And enjoy what I'm eating.Great service and meal here Friday. Our server was attentive without being pushy and even took the time to go outside and open a window for us, even though she was extremely busy. Nice house pinot grigio, bottled in Italy exclusively for Serafina. At $9 a glass you won't find much better in the neighborhood! Grilled calamari salad was excellent, very tender with great flavor. Shrimp and avocado app was so simple but done really well. $70 for the two of us before tip, worth the price tag.Had the ricotta pancakes...they tasted mostly like egg...I don't feel the need to go back and try anything else...the fruit was good and fresh...Fantastic location.  Overall Solid service (if not a bit, Overzealous).  Over-hyped, Overpriced, chain-style food. Simply Over it.
White tablecloths, tables jammed in the space, there's nothing particularly original (not surprising, of course), special or different about this place.  Big salads, nicely sized pizzas, all at a hefty price tag and the end result is food that tastes like half of what it costs. Blah.
Just what we need.  Another 'chain' type restaurant that pawns itself off as something original. I'm sorry, but that just won't do for this town. 
On a related note, as the amazing and delicious Noble Cookery closes, a Serafina opens.  What's wrong with this picture?Their heart-shaped lobster ravioli  is amazing! Friendly staff. Bit expensive to make this a regular hang out.I very much hesitated coming here based on reviews, and it being in the location it is and such, and just the general vibes of the place when I walk by. But due to circumstances beyond my control my group ended up here. I must admit, everyone at my table was actually pleasantly surprised with how decent the food was. A little on the pricey side, but not bad considering its location. And my friend with a 2 year old was treated very nicely (kids menu, coloring stuff, the servers were very nice and accommodating). It was a cold Sunday evening at like 6pm, so that might have something to do with our nice experience (ie - not much Rittenhouse trash around). 
Worth a shot for surprisingly decent Italian food in that area.I've been to Serafina in NYC and loved it, so naturally I was excited for the Philadelphia opening. Sadly, I was disappointed with and flavor of the food, which was practically non-existing. Sure the decor is nice, nothing to brag about. But, honsetly if the food sucks, then so does everything else including the decor. 
As for the service, they don't have competent/confident servers. 
I am extremely disappointed.Very unimpressed with this place.  Restaurant was fairly empty.  I sat at the bar.  I'm a pretty easy person to please.  Bartender re-used same glass for second draft beer (I don't expect a new one but it's nice to be asked).  Whole wheat pasta was under cooked.  Breast of chicken I added was very bland.  No offer of bread (every table had one).  Skip this place....bad service bad food for a pricy place!!Sunday afternoon, I have a craving for some fresh, rich pasta. One of the hotel employees directed us here for "authentic Italian" done right. I'm still on the fence there.
Sat us at a window. Though somewhat friendly, I found the service overall underwhelming. With very little customers, I found that our waiter kept disappearing. He had to retrieve a wine menu for me but never checked back in to see what I decided on, so I didn't order anything to drink. Nothing was suggested either.
Fresh bread was warm and soft. The olive oil could have been spiced up with some fresh herbs. We ran out of the oil, and the waiter did not check; did not refresh. 
Carpaccio Malatesta appetizer - good, fresh, touch of truffle oil in the sauce, veggies julienned nicely. 
Tagliolini Al Salmone - pasta was indeed "al dente" as the menu promised; cream sauce was bland, nothing spectacular; could have used some fresh parsley in the dish rather than just as a minimal garnish. Smoked salmon was very salty and made dish more so. 
Alla Norcina (pizza) - bland, I found the hot sausage - not to be hot at all; the bottom of the brick oven pizza was not crisp, actually kind of soggy.
I found the choice of selection in regards to offerings of proteins, or offerings of proteins with pasta/veggie dishes, very disappointing and rather limited.
When it came time for our check..couldn't find that waiter again. Not impressed at all. Will try another "authentic Italian" place next time in town.Had a very enjoyable dinner at Seraphina on 4/13/2012. Nice atmosphere and pretty good food. Try the grilled calamari.... It was delish!Looking for Olive Garden's cuisine but willing to pay a little extra (well more like a lot) to be seen in a more pretentious setting? Then Serafina's the place for you. Where else can you find brown-tinged carpaccio, bruschetta drenched with as much olive oil as is humanly possible, and pasta dishes deviod of any flavor. But wait, there is the margherita pizza that features pre-shredded mozzarella, four olives (huh?) and one sprig of basil. Want fresh mozzarella or more basil? Gotta pay more for the "V.I.P. margherita pie." I tried complaining to the hostess, Letitia, but she had a more important call to attend to on her cell phone than to listen. Maybe she was calling Cliff Lee begging for forgiveness? All for a mere $80 (granted we had sparkling water to wash it down). Sorry Serafina, but if I could give you no stars (since that is who you apparently cater to) I would.A wonderful mid-week after work dinner catch up with co-workers/friends made life seem almost normal again. Soul-searching conversation, general work woes exchange apart, the food contributed in large part to the great evening. I had a lovely carrot ginger soup, followed by a terrific risotto laden with vegetables, made even better with a glass of Montepulciano. Serafina brings a certain comfortable casual flavor that just strikes a chord.  Would definitely go back here.I have eaten here on two occasions so far, the first being amazing, the second being bad. I settled on a 3/5 star review because the food has been good both times, but the service has been hit or miss. My first visit was fantastic. The server was attentive, but not pushy. The second visit, out server forgot my drink in addition to bringing the wrong drink for my friend. We all ordered similar dishes on the second visit, but when the food came, the serve brought us all the same dish. Thankfully, she was quick to fix the problem. I love the location of Serafina, so I will be going back. I recommend this place for brunch, but not for a busier time like dinner.Ew! Nastiness.. I got the eggs Benedict and couldn't force myself to eat it, even though I was starving! Couldn't wait to get the check and leave! :0I need to write this review in response to the most stupid and impulsive decision this restaurant made to completely eliminate the best part of their business (imho) which WAS and no longer exists, their Serafina Cafe portion. 
Words can literally not express how DISAPPOINTED I am in this poorest of poor business moves. Serafina Cafe - the side cafe -had outstanding and healthy food options (really yummy sandwiches, salads and pastries) not to mention fresh fruit juices, smoothies and needless to say your full array of well made cafe drinks, was open into the evening, actually AFFORDABLE and convenient, with open tables (no tip necessary) in where? Rittenhouse Square!!! It was literally my go-to, favorite cafe, meeting place, take-out place, etc... I loved this place. 
Shame on you, Serafina! for closing this perfect and much-needed cafe for what....literally 4 or 5 extra frigin tables in your maybe "average" Italian restaurant. 
There it is. I'm done.Okay so the first time I came here it was amazing! Not the mushroom ravioli and my little sister got the lobster ravioli.  We absolutely loved it.  But I'm giving it three stars because the second time we came here it wasn't that great the food just didn't taste the same and maybe it was because it had been a while and they might've changed the recipes but definitely not the experience I expected the second time around.  I'm definitely going to give them the benefit of the doubt and try it out one more time.We made a special trip into the city to make a friend's birthday at Fuji Mountain, only to find that we had the wrong date. Having already paid for parking, and being unreasonably annoyed at Fuji Mountain for our own mistake, we decided there was no point driving all the way back home just yet and we might as well not be both hungry and grumpy.
It was way too cold to take my hands out of my pockets long enough to Yelp a place, so we ended up walking a couple of blocks this way and that until we ended up at what looked like a decent Italian restaurant. We were seated right away, and although our server wasn't the bubbliest, she was reasonably competent.
We were going to order wine, but the prices were outright insulting. The per glass price for their eponymous Sauv Blanc ($12) was the same as the per bottle price in a store. Ridiculous. We stuck with water.
We started with the Bruschetta, which wasn't the worst I've had. The bread was cold and stale and the topping way too oily, but the flavor was okay. We weren't offered Parmesan or pepper or anything with it.
Oh, and how tacky is this? All the menu items were in ascending order by price. There was also a rather odd section called "Vegetables and Meat" with one vegetarian platter listed at the top, and the rest being meat dishes. Still trying to figure that one out.
The boyfriend initially wanted lasagna, but there was none on the menu (whut?) and his second choice was lobster ravioli. I talked him out of it as I had a feeling the portion would be too small for him, so he went with the lobster spaghetti instead. This was a pretty good choice for him as there was a good amount of spaghetti (and why shouldn't there be? It's one of the cheapest foods on the planet) and lobster as well. He donated a piece of lobster and it was perfectly edible. This was the only part of our meal writing home about.
I had the black truffle ravioli which, as predicted, was pretty small. $20 got me 12 medium sized pieces of handmade ravioli and a good amount of black truffle shavings. I definitely wouldn't recommend this dish if you aren't already in love with black truffles, as the flavor was quite strong. I also wouldn't recommend this dish if you don't like seriously undercooked ravioli--the middle was fine, but the edges were less "al dente" and more "gluey cardboard".
We decided to go elsewhere for dessert. So, in all, one appetizer, two mains and no drinks came out to be a little under $60 with tax and before tip. I know I'm echoing about a hundred people before me, but that was way more than the meal was worth. I know Serafina looks lovely from the outside, but do yourself a favor and keep walking.I really like Serafina for a hip and still casual restaurant and bar in Rittenhouse.  The bar scene is fun and vibrant. The wine isn't great but the service is very good.  All of the food I have eaten there; the seafood, salads, bread, pizza.... All has been really good. I would recommend for small groups and dates.  I will keep going back!If you don't read the rest of my review, an accurate summation of our dinner experience is, "We should have gone to Olive Garden". 
Unfortunately stumbled into Serafina today because my boyfriend and I were going out to get drinks but wanted a bite to eat first. From the outside it looked great - there was outside dining and the place was PACKED for a monday night. We ordered calamari for an appetizer which came out Long John Silver style ... just generic fried calamari with a side of marinara - they obviously had no salt and pepper and were chewy. The menu was relatively expensive and since we had never been here before we stuck with safe items - I ordered what was "their "Italian" take on a Cesar salad" which came out as a disappointingly small handful of lettuce tossed in cesar dressing with 5 or so croutons and a huge sheet of cheese on top. It was sad.
My boyfriend ordered penne a la vodka and it resembled mac and cheese. For the prices they were charging, the pasta really should be homemade and it wasn't. It was SO salty and because dinner was so terrible, we decided not to get dessert.
On top of that, from a DISTANCE the decor may seem nice because of the dim lights, but they literally have paper mac-hey bricks and some kind of strange wall murals. Just not a fan overall. AND in observance of the bar, the bartender was free pouring drinks and seemed very frazzled just pouring wine.
All in all, it seemed like they really don't have their stuff together here. Will not be returning anytime soon - they cannot continue to charge these prices for this service and for the low quality food.Just so so. For the price, I expected more. Had the chicken parmesan, which they pounded out to a huge flat circle. It was good, just nothing fantastic. Pasta came on the side and you can pick the type of pasta and sauce you want. I got alfredo sauce..again it was good, just a bit thin. The jalapeno margarita was great! Had the "wow" factor I was looking for. The bill for our party of 4 was about $240 including tip. We didn't have dessert. To be honest, Ive had better pasta, salad and drinks for cheaper. Our waiter was great. I unfortuntely cant remeber his name but he has dark hair and a beard. Cool server and for that reason, I give it 3 stars.4 stars for the food but as others have mentioned the prices are insane, especially for lunch (there does not appear to be a lunch menu, so I assume the prices are the same any time of day).  I saw the menu beforehand, so I was prepared for the price, but even then: Lunch for 5 (2 pizzas, 3 pasta entrees, 3 diet cokes and 2 iced teas) was $95 - $115 with tip.  YIKES!
The service was also subpar, particularly when you consider the prices.  I get that it's Rittenhouse adjacent, but I can't see the park from my seat...
Food details: the taglioni with chicken, baby peas, mushrooms & a touch of cream was delicious, if a bit salty.  The four cheese pizza was also amazing.  One other dining companion had the pomodoro which was a laughably small portion.  The iced tea may have been the best iced tea I've ever tasted.  However, we pretty much had to beg for refills.  Also, we had to ask for bread to be brought out (we declined the server's offer to order the $19 bruschetta as an appetizer, and service levels declined rapidly from there).I was pleased to find an open restaurant in center city during the big snow storm-almost everywhere else was closed.  The service was excellent-we were promptly seated and the waiter immediately noticed that our table was wobbling.   He put a splenda packet under the table to fix it (it worked!).  He was very attentive throughout the rest of the dining experience, although we were the only two people in the restaurant. I ordered the Paglio & Fieno pasta and my friend ordered the portofino pizza, and some warm bread on the side (I recommend asking for some pesto to dip it in, mmmm mmm good!) .  The waiter mentioned that the pizza was personal sized, but it was actually pretty large.  The pizza came with pesto and pine nuts and added garlic at no extra charge.  It was delicious!!! My pasta wasn't as spectacular as the pizza.  Most of them don't come with meat for $16 plus, which I think is a little outrageous.  I added a few chunks of chicken to it for $5(!!).  Next time I go, I'll definitely get the pizza.  Well drinks are $9. I rate this place 4 out of 5 stars because of the high prices.