I thought long and hard about giving this either four or five stars for the meal we had last night. It's official - it's a five. Immediately we were greeted by super friendly hosts, seated in great chef's counter spots, and introduced to a knowledgable and kind waiter. We were able to watch the food get expedited, and the process ran so smoothly. Honestly, this is what Philly dining is all about to me. Great food, done really well on a consistent basis, and I'm so lucky to be surrounded by so many restaurants of such high quality.
The menu seemed to have a very Japanese/Korean flair to it. The highlights of our evening were the brussel sprout tartine, the corn ravioli, and the duck breast entree. The duck was cooked perfectly, but it was paired with cold and slightly hard potatoes...not sure if that was on purpose?
We also tried one of the Ramen dishes, the one with pork belly in it, and although it was extremely savory and smoky, it was also very filling and left us way too stuffed to try anything else. We ended up taking some food home with us. I would love to come back here because I got to see almost every dish while sitting at the counter, and it all looked flawless and exciting. Serpico just has a really great dining experience - the end.Tonight my wife and I had the tasting menu at Serpico. It had ten off-menu courses for $85 a person.
This meal was completely worth every penny. The dishes were intricate and unique, but completely approachable. I found myself surprised more than once by how much I enjoyed an ingredient that I had previously thought of as intimidating.
We sat at the chef counter, a choice that made the evening. Watching the staff work together in such a cooperative and composed manner was such a unique experience. It made the complex nature of the dishes even more impressive.
This was truly one of the best dinners that I have ever had. I would recommend this meal to anyone.We had a reservation for Opening Night at Serpico and we were very impressed with the space, the food, and the service.  We were able to score 2 seats at the Chef's Counter which is always a plus.  I really like that the kitchen is visible because it just gives you something else to talk about and watch.  You can definitely tell that there are Momofuku inspirations here and that is to be expected.  We started off with drinks, I got the South Street Sour which was wonderfully made and I ended up having more than 1.  We ended up ordering a total of 8 dishes including dessert and we were really full by the end of the meal.  We just wanted to make sure that we tried as much as possible.  2 plates at a time were served to us and we were given enough time between the courses to just talk with each other and enjoy ourselves.  We started off with the Market Ceviche and the Fluke Crudo which were both very good, but the crudo was definitely stellar with the jalapeno infused olive oil.  Next we got the Deep Fried Duck Leg Sandwich and the Hand Torn Pasta.  This is tough because both were unbelievably tasty but the duck leg sandwich was just out of this world.  Next we got the Waygu flap that was deep fried and the Caper Brined Trout.  Again both of these were very very tasty but if I had to pick a winner it was the trout.  The trout was cooked absolutely perfectly and came with a potato risotto which was a perfect pairing for the dish.  We ended the meal with the Toasted Apple Cake and the Rocky Road dessert.  Both were spectacular and had some really cool texture plays (freeze dried apples) and I liked them equally so it's hard to pick a winner.  For being rated $$$$ on Open Table and on Yelp, we didn't think that the prices were all that bad for what you got.  You will need to order 2-3 dishes though so just be prepared for that.  We will definitely be back soon once Serpico gets a little bit more mature and I can't wait for them to start offering specials and also this fall when they switch up the menu a bit.  
This is a must-go now in Philly.An update has been overdue for a while, considering how often I stop by. I admit, I have spent far more money than I likely should have, but every time I stop by I never, ever, seem to regret the decision. It's really been something how they have slowly changed over the past nine or so months. They are constantly tweaking and experimenting, and there is often a special or two that is so good that it gets worked on the the menu.
I will repeat something I said in my last review: Peter Serpico is a shining example of a Modernist Chef. There are no dishes that will poke your eye out, no insane liquid nitrogen going off. The application of technology and complexity is subtler. The components on the plate aren't there to look pretty (though the presentations are beautiful), they are there because they should all be eaten at the same time because all of those flavors have been carefully selected to go together.
In approximately 8-10 visits I have yet to have a bad dish, though some are certainly better than others. The raw fluke, cobia and yellowfin tartare, duck liver mousse, dashi soup, fried duck leg and (the recently removed) hand torn pasta are all repeat favorites, and I tend to get one as a standby while I try something new. Portions are small, and you need to be willing to lay down some cash when you get here, but I enjoy being able to try many things and not walk away feeling bloated.
I love the atmosphere. It's proof that you can be high quality without being pretentious and stuffy, and the decorations are free of buillshit. The place looks clean and ordered without ornate wall art, or glittering china. Plates are simple but umblemished ceramic. Menus are written on the board in chalk, as are notes for the kitchen. The tables and chef's counter are dark wood, and while immaculately clean with sharp edges, it feels like a place where you can loosen a tie and put your elbows up on a counter and get about the serious task of enjoying, really enjoying food.
The staff recognizes regulars (at least I am when showing up every 6-8 weeks) and they are rewarded with insightful advice on specials, underappreciated menu items and . The bartenders respond well to the challenge of "Make me something different" and they have a small, but tasty, selection of excellent signature cocktails that run you about the cost a standard cocktail in center city. 
I'm happy with what I have seen, and I look forward to seeing more.Well I've been to the promised land...and it was good.  Attention from staff, which is a Starr detail...was excellent as it is in all his places...decor was interesting...urban hip I suppose.  We sat at the counter that surrounds the kitchen on a lark.  My diver scallops were excellent...never had raw scallops before and was a bit leery...but they were worth it...tasty little bites with an excellent light white sauce.  My wife's tomato and beans salad was nice and crispy with just a bit of a bite to it.  Next for me was the wagyu chuck cooked perfectly...the mustard sauce was a surprisingly good touch and the fried potatoes, while verging on tater totism were good nonetheless...my wife's  corn ravioli and sauce were excellent also...dessert for me was the toasted applecake covered with carmalized brown suger and a dollop of ice cream...wife had the goat cheese sorbet...the score...appertizer and dessert me...entree was tied...holding back on the 5th star till the next time we go...bravo chef serpico, bravo!This was a really delightful meal all around.  Out of the the 18 dishes on the menu, we tried 14 between the 3 of us (a bit ridiculous it may sound but we were celebrating!).  Of those 14, 4 of them I am still dreaming out, even more of those, I would order again and only 1 that was mediocre at best.
Dream-worthy:
Raw divers scallops - it was almost a take on ranch dressing and hamachi but fancier
Pig head - served with this burnt onion tapenade which I could literally put on anything
Liver mousse - great texture and just the right portion
egg custard and cavier - probably my favorite dish; rich but light and the cavier and crisp potatoes added a dynamic texture
Repeat offenders:
Duck leg - loved the authenticity of serving it on a potato roll; takes some balls to do this
corn ravioli - this felt like Mexican street food and i loved how rustic it was
seasonal vegetables - could have eaten piles of it and just thought it was well dressed and fresh
The plating was beautiful and the service was great.  I loved how the sous chefs and line cooks were tasked with dropping plates at the table.  Seeing them float throughout the dining room during a busy service spoke to their style and how they operate in the kitchen.  
The duck breast was our last entree, served alongside the wagyu chuck flap.  The duck was just okay.  The carrots were mush and it was the only plate that went back with food on it.  The chuck was tasty but didn't blow me away.
Overall, I would go back and perhaps try the tasting menu and some of the other courses.  Oh and the dessert was BANGIN.  Loved the apple cake; talk about an ethereal twist on an American classic.  The fois gras was inventive and texture-wise, really different but ultimately it tasted like a PB&J sandwich.  Was that Serpico's intention?  Just might have been...This probably makes my top 10 meals in Philly list.  My husband and I shared 5 plates, which was the perfect amount of food, and everything was delicious.  The waitstaff were helpful with choosing our dishes, and I liked that they explained what was in each one again as they came out to the table.Had a truly spectacular meal at Serpico last night. First we were seated at the kitchen counter right in front of the spot where they finish every dish and put them out for servers. We could not have had a better vantage point and it was fun to watch Peter Serpico right in front of us cooking and running the kitchen the whole time we were there. 
We decided to splurge and get the tasting menu. It was awesome. Ten courses nicely spaced over about 2 1/2 - 2 3/4 hours. The food was all great, but I would have to say that the stand outs for me were:
- The raw scallops - I don't think I have ever tasted anything quite like this. It was truly awesome. 
- The lamb ribs were great. 
- The trout was really good, but perhaps the best part about it was that it was such an unusual dish. Trout on a bed of shaved apples in a smoked potato broth (that was perfectly clear) topped with fresh shaved horseradish. 
- The rocky road dessert was amazing. 
Just because I had read so much about the Cope's Corn Ravioli on yelp, we actually added that on as well. Given the volume of food that may have been a mistake, but the dish was great and was quite an explosion of flavor. 
I am definitely looking forward to going back.If each of my dishes got into a taste fight (Is that a real thing?  If not it should be.), the winner of the evening would have been the deep fried duck leg. AHHHHMAZING!  Just a hunch, but I think it was Peter Serpico's shout out/tribute to the Momofuku pork bun.  If it was, it was on par with it.
However, in this taste fight, the duck leg would have definitely gone into overtime with the applecake.  My sweet tooth was such a happy girl after finishing my meal with this decadent plate of tastiness.
Everything else we ordered - dashi soup, seasonal vegetables, hand torn pasta and raw fluke all washed down with a Uinta IPA - was also very good, but the above two dishes rose to the top.
If I had to offer one small piece of advice/constructive criticism, it would be that they didn't really acknowledge our anniversary.  We were celebrating 7 years and for the occasion we ordered 7 menu items (super cute, right?).  I mentioned this to the waitress and I think also put it in my OpenTable reso.  While I didn't expect a ridiculous TGIFriday jingle, some sort of note on our receipt or well wish from Peter Serpico when he delivered our entrees would have been over the top amazing for us.  Maybe I'm expecting too much?  But as someone who has a mag subscription to Lucky Peach, eats something from the Momofuku family of restaurants nearly every time I'm in New York and read about the planning, opening and first few months of this restaurant eagerly awaiting a special enough occasion to taste the food of Dave Chang's former right-hand man, I was a little sad.  
But other than that, the service was great and everyone was very friendly and helpful.We absolutely loved our experience here and would definitely recommend dining here!
The server was well versed in the menu and was able to discuss what dishes went well together and were not to be missed. He was very attentive throughout the entire meal. 
Tataki: This is normally waygu but that day they were serving a different cut of aged beef. Still amazing. The meat was very fresh and was wonderfully complimented with pickled and spicy horseradish notes.
Raw Scallops: My favorite dish! The raw scallops were so delightfully sweet and tender uniquely complimented by chive oil and buttermilk which reminded me of scallion cream cheese but didn't overpower the scallop. 
Egg with Caviar: My favorite mushroom! (cauliflower mushroom) in a rich broth with the lightest egg custard covered in crunchy bits and caviar. Very unique dish that I would definitely recommend.
Mac & Cheese: My partners favorite dish! Homemade hand torn noodles which were the perfect texture covered by one of the creamiest and rich cheese sauces with a touch of paprika to add some mild spice.
Black truffle ramen: Another wonderfully textured noodle with a rich broth and smothered in black truffles.Tough to give 5 stars, but this place comes the closest.  Was there about a week back and had the fluke, egg custard, duck leg, corn ravioli, trout, wagu beef, and the foie gras (dessert). I gotta say, one of the best meals I've had in Philly since I went to Vetri. Tough to explain each dish, but this is one of the best Chefs around anywhere, let alone Philly.Simply stated, it is my favorite restaurant in Philadelphia. I've done a la carte twice and really enjoyed what Peter Serpico does with the dishes. I especially loved the hints of Asian flavors that he incorporates. I've yet to try the tasting menu because I was late last time (I think it's before 10pm or an hour before closing), but I'm looking forward to trying it. If you're a party of two, definitely sit at the chef's counter.
So far, I've tried the Winter and Spring menu and there were only slight modifications to them. The must try dishes for me are the Raw Diver Scallops, Deep Fried Duck Legs, Slow Roasted Swordfish, Beef Short Ribs and the Lamb Ribs. The Oxtail Soup was pretty good too if that's something that you're into. In terms of number of dishes to order, 1-2 smaller plates per person and one larger plate per person sounds about right. 6 plates total (4 small, 2 large) for two people will be a large amount of food but it's great if you want to try more things. 
For dessert, the coffee was great and you cannot try Serpico without getting the Toasted Apple Cake. A warm, soft apple cake with some vanilla ice cream on the side. Absolutely delicious. 
I'm looking forward to going back a third time, hopefully early enough this time, to try the chef's tasting menu. You pretty much can't go wrong with ordering anything here.My husband and I are from NY and we were in Philly for our anniversary.  I researched a few restaurants for our trip and after reading the rave reviews, decided on giving Serpico a shot.  Overall the experience was mediocre at best.   The waitress was not attentive at all and barely cracked a smile the entire time.  We were never asked to refill our drinks or even our water.  The food was only ok and some asian inspired dishes were totally oriented towards people who don't eat asian foods.  (I'm chinese and my husband is caucasion so we eat a very diverse palate of food).  The only redeeming qualities would be the decor, location, and the free glasses of champagne they sent us for our anniversary (i put a note when I booked with Opentable.com).  Otherwise it was a rather disappointing experience for the overly priced bill at the end of the night.This place will be number one on the best of philly, hands down. I cannot think of one dish that did not blow me away. First off, you definitely need s reservation and valet parking is available for $16.00. When you walk in; its a very quaint rustic environment with very friendly and casually dressed waiters/waitresses. We sat at the bar and literally watched the cooks do their work - it was amazing to see how the kitchen works and how they put together these meals. My husband and I did more of a tapas menu and picked a bunch of small dishes. We started with the fresh uni special, tartar, foie gras and scallops all better than the other. The taste in each dish was absolutely phenomenal. For the slightly larger courses I did the ravioli and my husband did the duck sandwich. All I can say is - they were both so flavorful that I ended up ordering his dish and he ordered mine after we finished it ourselves. To top off the night, we had the Rocky road ice cream. Overall, this restaurant is bound to be number one. The service is amazing - the food "out of this world" - and the price just right. I wish I had taken pictures of the food but it looked so good I could not wait to eat it!!!!The food at Serpico is gorgeous. Easily one of the top restaurants in the city. The room is a temple to food with a large open performance kitchen where you can pray to the chefs preparing the offerings of the day. Each dish was spectacular. Perhaps our favorite was the fried duck leg presented as a sandwich of sorts. The duck breast is one of the most tender flavorful I've ever had. Also of note was the short ribs and a special dish, an egg custard with truffle. Everything was beautifully plated. Service was attentive and helpful. While they have a full bar, there is no corkage fee, so you can bring a special bottle along if you like. Stephen Starr has definitely upped his game in Philly (not an easy thing to do) with Serpico.So. Good. Service. Drinks. Food.
Everything was spectacular. The highlight of the night was most definitely the deep fried duck leg. It was ridiculously good! It had everything going for it - complexity, depth, sweetness, saltines - and somehow all this was presented in a small package that just left me pondering how they got all that into such a small "sandwich."
Definitely pricy, but innovative and intriguing enough to warrant return visits for more special occasions. 
Chef Serpico was in the kitchen and working the guests when we were there. He certainly will have his hands full here as word spreads about just how good everything is here. 
And I'll just note that we sat at the bar and absolutely loved it. It has a similar feel to siting at a sushi bar and just being able to see the meticulous preparation of your food - and it only serves to heighten the experience of taking that first bite. 
*eyes rolling back just at the thought of this meal*Sit at the chef's table and you not only will enjoy an amazing meal but a great show watching the Serpico team work. Probably the best meal I have ever had. The duck leg sandwich is my favorite single dish of all time.  Don't miss the scallops, fluke or corn ravioliVery good food, and an awesome open kitchen trendy room.  Sat at the bar where I got to watch many of the creations being assembled.  Cooks seemed happy with their jobs, not as stressful as some kitchens.  Head chef is a perfectionist.  Food was pretty and tasty.  Service was very good.  Wine list by the glass was sparse for a place like this.Wonderful flavorful food! Even dishes that look like they might taste bland was super flavorful in every bite. We ordered the dashi soup and the tofu was like feta cheese and the soup had some mustard oil that was great. The trout was also excellent! It had a broth or something that it was in which was super and that complemented the trout well!Best food in town.  Price is really high.   Atmosphere is great.   Avoid Friday and Saturday night, too many young kids outside.Simply put: simply amazing.
Typically, New Years Eve Prix Fixe meals can be cliche and mailed-in. But not here. 
Serpico's $125/person 7-course tasting menu was fun, inspired, and perfectly executed across the board. 
1st Course (Bread) - Soft rolls served with house-made white truffle butter. A good starter, but wished the bread was warm when served.
2nd Course (Hamachi) - Beautiful slices of hamachi topped with blood orange and celery leaves. I loved how the celery and citrus worked together. A very memorable flavor combination.
3rd Course (Egg) - My fiancé's favorite. A perfect, savory egg custard surrounded with a wonderful broth, topped with a generous dollop of caviar. Paired with a cauliflower mushroom,  which added an interesting toothy bite. And let's not forget about the crispy potato bits sprinkled on top. 
4th Course (Mushroom Ravioli) - Although the dough was on the thick side, it was was cooked perfectly al dente. Great mushroom flavor, nestled in a nice buttery sauce. 
5th Course (Stew) - Clams, shrimp, fish (sea bass?), and crab in an intensely flavorful tomato base.  The brussels sprout leaves brought a nice freshness to the dish.
6th Course (Steak) - Wonderfully tender Wagyu beef paired with a velvety, decadent potato puree. Heavenly.
7th Course (Cake) - Passionfruit dark chocolate cake. Not too sweet, and topped with tiny merengue bits. The passionfruit came through and complimented the chocolate perfectly. A great balance, and absolutely divine. 
Serpico's NYE Prix Fixe was on par with the greats like Le Bernadin or Eleven Madison Park, but for 1/2 the price. 
If you're interested in dinner AND a show, I recommend requesting a seat at the counter. Watching the staff work was a fascinating experience. We were lucky enough to have seats 15 & 16 - right in front of the expediter - which gave us a great vantage point of the entire kitchen, and even a glimpse at each ticket coming through the kitchen. 
In the end, a top-3 meal for me.Went there for the first time this weekend and the food and service were both great. I especially recommend the ramen and short ribs. They were incredible.I went expecting good food for the price yet it was not good for any price. Additionally, the service waa very slow. Overall, bad food, bad service, and way over priced.Amazing! We sat at the chef's counter and it was a treat to watch the way the kitchen ran and the attention to detail on every plate. We went with the tasting menu and nothing disappointed. Each course was creatively prepared and incredibly delicious. It was the kind of meal where you find yourself closing your eyes so you can fully appreciate the specialness of the bite. Cocktails were great, sommelier had unique suggestions, and the service was perfect. We can't wait to return.Outstanding Experience!
if you live in/happen to be in Philly and you are a lover of food that is unusual, exquisitely prepared, fresh, elegant, and enjoy sitting and watching the chefs prepare this amazement before your eyes - go to Serpico. Sitting at chef's counter is a must to complete the experience. Loved every moment and each bite!I'm truly conflicted about this one.
I love what Serpico is trying to do. The dishes were innovative. The service was fantastic. The starkly-open kitchen was a breath of fresh air. But I just can't give the restaurant my full recommendation as the food was, after all, disappointing. 
We started with the raw scallops and duck mousse, and while each dish had delightful elements, it failed to come together as whole. For instance, the scallops, themselves, were delicious. And paired with a chive oil, buttermilk cream, and a hefty addition of poppy seeds, the dish was visually stunning. Unfortunately though, its aesthetic beauty couldn't make up for its lack of palatable cohesion. Each little morsel of raw mollusk was drenched in perhaps the most heavy sauce imaginable. By the end of the dish I felt as if I just drank an entire bottle of cream and chased it with a shot of melted butter. 
Not what I'm looking for in a starter.
The duck liver mousse, too, was misguided. While the mousse itself was excellent (and fun to look at) it was topped with giant dollops of a minty, sour, and simply odd pomegranate sauce. I've never tried a liver dish I didn't  love, but this one just didn't hit the mark. The flavors, while bold and courageous, we're in the end, too conflicting. I struggled to finish it...
A similar failure in contrast persisted throughout the rest of the meal. The egg custard and caviar was sloppy in its small ramekin. It would be have been great to have been served caviar, sans a pool of raw, crunchy egg "custard". The hand torn pasta was fun and innovative, yet overly creamy. Our main course, the wagyu chuck flap was good, but by the time it was served I was already turned off.
Like I said on at the onset, I appreciate what Serpico is going for. They are, if nothing else, bold. But for "new American", at that price point, you can't possibly tell me that Philadelphia is lacking a better alternative. 
I assure you, we're not.I guess I'm about to utter Philadelphia blasphemy when I say I'm not won over by Stephen Starr yet. The prices don't match the atmosphere, and if you're not impressed by pretentious ingredients that don't add to the dish, only the name, this isn't for you. I got the duck breast, which I found myself picking fat off of, and the "hand torn pasta," a confusing dish with a distracting name. The fact of the pasta being hand-torn did nothing to improve upon the overall tastelessness of the pasta and the oily sauce. Overall, it was a dish that did not blend well together. The dishes are overly small and I left hungry, despite ordering 2 dishes and dessert. By the end, my wallet was hungry too, and for no good reason. If anything I would go back for drinks and dessert, because the apple cake was fantastic. Never again for dinner. Sorry, I'm won over by quality, not obscurity.The large kitchen dominates much of the interior. Sat at the counter ringing the kitchen. Dishes are easy to share. Nice textural contrasts. Hits included the egg custard (a riff on chawanmushi), the corn ravioli, the hand-torn pasta, the pig's tail on polenta, and the "rocky road" dessert. Also liked the kimchi & tomato stew, a seafood stew with Korean flavors, but it overpowered some of our other dishes. Didn't love the Siena Palermo cocktail, but tastes differ.Nice ambiance - but the meal was way overpriced for what it was. In addition everything was over salted. When I asked for a cup of tea with dessert I was curtly told no tea just pour over coffee - that this was a new American restaurant. When did tea become UnAmerican?Came here for a birthday dinner. When you walk in you can't help but notice the layout of this place! No windows, chalkboard walls, open kitchen, and an oval island for a bar. It looked almost like a speakeasy, except for a restaurant. 
Servers are super attentive and nice. Somewhat fusion style American food items. Some items were amazing, but personally I thought some were a miss. Overall an enjoyable experience.We only had one night in Philly, so we needed to choose wisely for our dinner. I'm so glad that this was our choice. This place checks all the boxes. The food, the service, the space, all on point. We basically ordered the entire first two columns of the menu. It ranged from very good to spectacular. If we're ever in Philly again, we will be back!One of the best meals ever, from the service to the space it was just a wonderful experience . You can tell that the staff take great pride in all that they do. Our visit was on a Sunday at 5:30  and we took advantage of there four course menu and what a joy it was.Tasting menu was impressive. Food was very intelligent and tasty. Each plate was artistic and flavors well thought out. Fantastic service I mean bar none the night I was there. By no means cheap but avant-garde never is. A must visit for any philadelphian. Wished I sat at the bar.This meal competes with any super high end experience I've had anywhere.
11 courses for $85 is almost unbelievable. The menu is so creative, the execution was almost flawless (a few oversalted dishes), the experience at the kitchen/bar made it even better.
The standouts were the freeze dried foie gras, great texture and amazing quality of foie; aged ribeye was so tender, no knife needed; a dish consisting of broth, freeze dried rice, custard and caviar, it was so rich and flavorful; perfect combination of liquid-custard-crunch-salt-gelatin.
The drinks are also spectacular, they have a small bar to work with, but the execution (again) was awesome.
The flavors we experienced here are heavily asian, alot of ingredients you wouldn't experience with this type of food (seaweed, dashi, etc.). 
I love this place so much. do it.What a wonderful dining experience! We made reservations and were seated promptly. We were given the option to sit at the chef's counter, which we gladly accepted. 
The tasting menu was offered but sounded like very small portions, so we decided to order ala carte. The highlights of our dinner included the raw diver scallops, hamachi tartare and the duck breast! Highly recommended and would order again. In comparison to those dishes, the bacon wrapped pork fell short but was delicious. 
We did not enjoy the crispy japanese snapper (they kept the scales on but they were not cooked crispy enough for us to eat it) or the beef short rib (very heavy on the hoisin sauce). 
We will definitely return and hopefully we'll try the veal shoulder or the roasted lamb. We watched in awe as they made those wonderful dishes from the kitchen. 
oh, how can i forget dessert! Kudos to their pastry chef Jackie D'Elia. She was so friendly and her desserts were incredible. Thanks to our wonderful neighbors at the chef's counter - we tried the stuffed puff pastry (which was amazing!) and the creasicle (not so amazing). We then ordered our own toasted apple cake, per the chef's recommendation, and were not disappointed. I can't wait to go back for more stuffed puff pastries.Came here to celebrate my fiance's birthday. When I made the reservation they asked if it was for any special occasion so I told them it was for her birthday.
As other reviewers have noted, the deep fried duck leg is a must eat item.  It's a mash up of Chinese Peking duck and Viet hoagie but prepared American style.  Extremely thick cut piece of duck with an extremely crunchy skin in a small hoagie bread.
All of the other food items we ordered were decent.  The desert we ordered was some sort of cornbread cheesecake which was actually quite delicious.
The restaurant has an open kitchen so the staff are always in view, they were very attentive.  Ambience was nice as well, very contemporary with brick and wood everywhere. 
The little surprise of the evening was that they brought out a small cake square with a candle on top for my fiance's birthday.  I could have probably eaten it all in one bite but it was quite tasty and we appreciated the gesture.
All in all it was a very pleasant experience and I would go back just for the deep fried duck leg.I don't know. I consider myself to be pretty savvy in terms of food and I always thought I had a good palette. After reading the reviews and then dining at Serpico, I'm questioning it. 
I don't know even how to write this review. The food was "good". I enjoyed it but never felt satisfied with any one dish. There were 3 of us dining and we all left feeling pathetically underwhelmed. The fluke was delicious. The trout was by far my favorite thing. The corn ravioli was under cooked and mushy. The duck sandwich was my least favorite. The wait staff was very nice. The decor was beautiful. But there was not a thing that stood out as being memorable. We left the restaurant and headed to another spot for pizza because we were still starving.
I don't think I would go back.While we enjoyed our evening at Serpico, we didn't come away with the raves of other reviewers.  Service was very uneven - we were neglected, then rushed, then neglected,  Servers took food away before we were finished, and didn't hear our calls to bring them back.  The food was very creative and beautifully presented.  Some dishes were great, and others were lost in sauces that were overpowering.  Dessert and non-alcoholic drink choices were very limited.  It was a fun experience, but far from fabulous.This is a late review. I went to Serpica on a date a few years ago now and haven't been able to forget the meal and ambiance. From the ramen to the fish, everything tasted fresh and made with care. I highly recommend this restaurant for delicious food and excellent atmosphere.I have eaten at Serpico twice now and both times the food was fantastic. We sat at the chefs table, which is a fun and interesting spot to enjoy your meal. For starters we had raw scallops which were great and truffle topped risotto which was also good, but was 45 dollars so I would skip that next time. I had their lobster ramen for dinner, also excellent. Every one I was with enjoyed their entrees. Definitely worth eating at Serpico, it's expensive but very good.Great service and wonderful ambience. Kitchen seating is a must!
Must order:
Raw diver scallops 
Chicken and snail lasagna
Bread service with smoked bean dip 
Drinks - Floral and GingerAdventurous platings, contemporary atmosphere where a lot of seating is around a large chef's kitchen table where you watch the cooks prepare the food and friendly servers. With that said, it's a bit pricey considering the portion sizes and quality. Don't get me wrong - the food is great but it didn't quite live up to my expectations, which maybe were a bit too high. If you're looking to celebrate a special occasion or looking to have an interesting dinner experience, then you may want to consider this spot.Upon making our reservation to Serpico, I was very excited. Being a big fan of monofuko restaurants in the city, I was excited to try what Philly has to offer. The food scene is definitely improving in Philly, especially with higher quality techniques and talent. But like most places I've tried, the techniques was not translated to the dish. Serpico is beyond over rated.
To start, we had a few cocktails. The gin and mezcal cocktail was actually pretty damn good. Not very strong, but pretty tasty. I was hoping the food would be the same, but it wasn't to be. We had 2 small dishes, 2 mediums and a large. We started with the warm  green bean salad and the fluke. The green bean was over cooked and mushy. The dressing was a bit off and salty. The fluke was actually our favourite part of the meal as it was the only dish that wasn't overly seasoned. 
Next we had the chicken and snail lasagna and the Crispy snapper. Both dishes wasn't bad, but it wasn't a home run either. We couldn't taste the chicken nor the snail. The pesto definitely over powered the dish while the texture of the fish skin with scales was very off putting. After getting past the scale in your mouth, the fish was ok.
The last dish we had was the seafood stew. A bowl of white rice was provided. If it wasn't for the rice, we wouldn't be able to eat the dish. It was so salty, and the both was suppose to be a bit spicy, but it wasn't. We couldn't taste the spice because it was so salty. It was also luke warm when it arrived to our table. 
I really wanted to love this place, but the food was a big miss. Nothing wowed me, and a few dishes was ehh. I never been a fan of Stephen Starr restaurants. I only like one of his restaurants called upland.Serpico was good, but not what it should have been for the price ($250 for the two of us). 
The Mom's Mac & Cheese was phenomenal! If you have an extra $20 laying around and want to know what expensive Mac & cheese tastes like, go here! 
I ordered the duck breast and it was "ok"; pretty bland, honestly. I wasn't impressed at all. 
My fiancé ordered the beef short ribs, not going to lie; they were really good! He devoured them. 
We had the congee as an appetizer; it was ok, very fresh ingredients. We also had the pork wrapped in bacon...superb! 
Oh, and the VODKA cocktail was PHENOMENAL! 
All in all, not a bad dining experience, Alicia was super sweet, I just wasn't thrilled with the meal choices that I picked.I celebrated my birthday at Serpico (visiting from NYC) with the exquisite Chef's Tasting Menu. I have been a big fan of Chef Peter Serpico from his days as the first Executive Chef at Momofuku Ko in NYC, and this was my 4th dinner at Serpico so I knew I was in for a special treat.
I had requested to be seated at the Chef's Counter so I would be able to see everything.
Too many courses (and some were changed from the listed menu) to list, but some of my favorites were:
Sun gold tomatoes in sun gold tomato broth, fried shiitake stems, horseradish;
2 different cold foie gras preps: shaved foie gras with apple, peanut and Thai basil; foie gras terrine with peaches and bee pollen;
Egg custard with caviar, brown butter chicken stock, cauliflower mushrooms and crispy potatoes;
Diver scallops carpaccio, brown butter sauce and tomatillo vinaigrette;
Duo of lamb chop and rib;
Cheese (soft cow's milk);
Honeydew and cantaloupe granita with shortbread and mint;
Corn fritter with anise hyssop sugar;
Toasted apple cake, burnt applesauce, brown butter, vanilla ice cream and caramel (this was a special request not part of the Tasting Menu since I was very full and was afraid that the chocolate coffee ganache might have been too heavy--will try it next time).
Service (as always) was very friendly and attentive.
3 hours of a wonderful birthday dinner. Look forward to my next dinner at Serpico!Excellent choice for special occasions! I've been twice now and have been very impressed with service, ambiance, food, and presentation. I highly recommend sitting at the bar around the kitchen so you can see the artists at work! 
The menu goes from left to right, smaller plates to larger plates. Both times I have gone with one other person and we've split ~5 plates total. They do a really nice job with pacing your meal so you're never waiting too long or feeling bombarded with food. 
I'm actually at a loss for words when thinking about how to describe the mac & cheese. It's the things dreams are made of. The hamachi tartare is a favorite and I've ordered it both times. I also recommend the egg custard & caviar and the duck! Aside from being delicious, it really comes down to the presentation. Every dish is impeccably and creatively presented and when you sit around the kitchen you can see the effort that goes into each and every dish.
Expect to pay a premium, but definitely worth it for a fancy night out with your Sig O or a special celebration :)Service was impeccable and loved the chefs counter seating, however I am very mixed about the food. 
First dish of dry aged tataki style tartare was simply just missing something. The gem lettuce purée did not lend much to the dish outside of color while the horseradish was very forward. I didn't get that dry aged flavor that I usually enjoy. 
The marinated spinach dish (no pic) was really great. A cold marinated spinach with pickled bean sprouts and tofu foam. The mushrooms were amazing in this dish.
The sous vide wagyu flat iron steak was my least favorite dish of the evening, and could really have done without it. The idea of the dish, much better than the actual flavors. I did not find that the wakambe and steak belonged together in this dish with the horseradish. 
The porchetta special was epic, one of the best pork dishes I've ever had. The reassembled porchetta had amazing crispy skin and the delicious cabbage accompaniment. 
Apple cake dessert, just stellar. Awesome dessert and highly recommended.
Probably would try again, but have some other places to hit first.This is, hands down, my favorite restaurant in Philadelphia.  I have been here twice and both times been stunned with how delicious all of the dishes were.
Raw diver scallops - amazing
Shaved Pig head - surprisingly good
Pho Sandwich - get it
Corn Ravioli - my favorite dish
Lamb Ribs - perfect balance of sweet, salty, fat, deliciousness
Pork and Kimchi Stew - quite good.  not overly spicy like I had expected
Trout - so amazing
Do yourself a favor and go here!!!!After having eaten at Momofuku Ko last month in NY, I was curious to try the latest effort of their former founding chef de cuisine and Momofuku "lieutenant" now that he has moved to Philly (and incidentally deserves to be classified as his own star chef after having tried his food). After having researched the place on blogs and local reviews, I was eager to try it. Unfortunately, I was disappointed to find that they apparently have not started offering a tasting menu (which I find to be the best all-around dining option when trying a new restaurant). I arrived for my early evening reservation and was seated promptly by my very polite server at the kitchen counter (highly recommend this... try to get seats on the dining room side, as the corridor side, while a better view of the kitchen, was somewhat toasty, comparatively). 
Once seated, I was thrilled to see THEY DO HAVE A TASTING MENU, I selected this without hesitation and ordered a Canoe Ridge Chardonnay (their tasting menu is heavy on lighter seafood dishes). The tasting menu was a good mix of sweet, savory, light/heavy, umami, textures, and delicate desserts. For $85 for 12 courses of some of the best food I've ever had, I consider it a steal. I won't belabor it or ruin the surprise, but many of these dishes were some of the best I've had... ever. They are ALL one and two michelin star quality dishes. Simple, beautifully balanced, very very tasty and plated elegantly, and presented in a logical palate-pleasing succession. 
The service was shared by the servers (and chefs when seated at counter). Both very knowledgeable, and open to questions. Simply, I cannot fault the service in any way.
I finished the meal with a delicious cup of coffee and a surprisingly good (for outside New Orleans) sazerac. 
All in all, one of the best meals I've ever had, and when you consider the quality of the food (michelin star plus) and the price tag, it is dollar-for-dish, probably the best. 
I will return and often.Would say a bit overpriced for what it is but overall great experience. Very delicious meal. Lively place. Great cocktails and service. Highlights were the artichoke soup, beet salad, chicken and snail lasagna, skirt steak. Was also fun to sit at the bar and watch all the food be prepared and set out.The excitement and suspense was building up as we perused the menu, devouring each plate as our eyes scanned each dish from top to bottom. Placing our order, we first received the house-made rice cakes with sesame seeds. As crunchy as they were, the rice cakes were devoid of flavor. Some were overly burnt while others were overly salty. Not a great way to start.
Next out were the raw diver scallops and deep fried hoisin duck legs in a potato roll. The former was served with buttermilk, poppy seed, green chili paste, white soy, and chive. The latter had an accompanying bowl of various pickled vegetables.
The scallops were buttery smooth, providing a refreshingly cool start to the meal. The crunch and warmth of the deep fried duck legs were a welcomed contrast to the scallops. I normally don't like duck, but this had barely any of the ordinary flavors of duck, especially when you drizzle on some siracha. 
The hand torn pasta and caper brined trout were next. The pasta came mixed with chicken sausage, braised snails, and crispy chicken skin - all flavored with garlic, Italian parsley, and a dusting of pecorino. The trout came layered on top of a potato salad, pepperocini, and chive oil. Large pieces of blue crab sat at the bottom. Like tiny orange marbles, chunks of trout roe topped the trout. The potato salad made every bite as smokey as a chimney.  
Serpico offers both semisweet and sweet desserts. You can check out the semisweet desserts yourself since we decided to go with the sweets - all three of them. The rocky road came with chocolate pudding, toasted marshmallow, and candied walnuts. Unfortunately, that's exactly what it was - nothing more, nothing less, and slightly disappointing. The yuzu curd consisted of lemon foam, whipped cream (at the bottom), and fried rosemary. Chamomile crackers were provided. It was like an alternative version of the Brits' biscuits and tea. I was not a fan of the flavor profile - the fried rosemary threw me off, and yuzu in general isn't one of my favorite things. The toasted apple cake was, fortunately, good. Burnt apple cake lined the perimeter of the plate (don't eat this by itself) like a half moon. At first, the apple cake looks like a brownie, but no worries, it's an apple cake. A delicious one as well.
Serpico - a great addition to Philly. Come for dinner, but maybe pass on dessert. At least for now.My favorite restaurant in Philly 2014! This restaurant was much hyped before opening, so I was skeptical. But - ita been spot on three times. The wait staff is great. The open kitchen let's you watch the whole show when sitting at the counter.
The diver scallops are exceptional. Every single dish - exceptional. Folks say it's expensive, however I find it reasonable for the quality of food - no complaints here. Order more food and fewer drinks and you'll be fine. Better yet, order more food and more drinks and you'll be so pleased you won't care. Seriously - you won't care (at least till the alcohol wears off).No long food review here.  We sat down and reviewed the menu.   Then learned from the waitress that the three of us would need to order 7-9 items, topping out at about $200 for portions that she said were about fist sized each. $21 for a small plate of just vegetables.  
The details of the descriptions were like a skit from Saturday Night Live.  Snail sausage?! Pig tale?! Oh but with the bone in, as carefully clarified by our server.  
No thanks.  We left.Maybe I'm a naysayer, but I wasn't impressed by the service, or more importantly, the food.
I was with a group here in December. This is the most "hipster" place I've seen in Philly (it reminded me of a dozen places in Williamsburg, though). A nice-but not too nice waitstaff that makes mildly snarky commentary throughout the meal offers meticulous descriptions of what you'll be eating (my favorite was the dish with "hand torn basil..." The pretense is at eleven.) The server joined in on our conversation a few times as he was pouring drinks, which is fine, but he was just a little too caustic for anywhere that's not the local diner. Maybe it was just that requisite hipster irony that I wasn't getting, I don't know.
And the food did not blow me away, which it should for a Steven Starr restaurant (and at this price point). The waiter advised us on how much food to order for a light to moderate-sized meal. The plates are pretty small, so if you're pretty hungry, you'll need to order (and spend) more.
The starters were good: my scallops excellent and my neighbor's hamachi tartare also very nice. One of us also ordered the foie gras terrine which is a strange, almost desert-style middle dish with a pie-like crust and a gelatin base with the foie gras nestled in between. 
The entrees were really hit or miss. My duck was not cooked well and was covered in a sweet sauce. My friend's short ribs were good, but the waiter refused to substitute or even take out the potatoes from the dish. My other friend's pork was somehow salty and bland at the same time... She was also disappointed. The meal overall was strangely sweet, but we still got dessert, which was fine. Just about everything is overly salty, too, and I woke up the next day feeling like I had a hangover (dehydrated, dry mouth and throat) even though I didn't drink.
The ambiance is nice enough--low lights and small booths keep it intimate. When we were there it was nice and quiet, which is a big plus. The menu written slanted across chalk boards did not contribute to the feeling of "nice place," however.
And so, meh. There are so many great restaurants in Philly now, including several by the same owner. You can do better.The exterior almost seems to push people away. The exterior is dark brick with a tiny obstructed view inside. If you read the outdoor menu it sounds like a Soviet mess hall: "pig head, raw scallops, lettuce salad," etc, with no additional color. If you do peek inside you are immediately asked if you have a reservation. Newbies beware. 
Perhaps this is all by design to keep the casual diners away.  Because if you are adventurous enough to push thru, you see a hip crowd, modern industrial interior, open kitchen, and a pretty creative selection. Every dish we've had in two visits has exceeded expectations. If you try a safe dish like the chicken ramen or the corn ravioli you'll be pleasantly surprised, and if you want a story get the pig head. Worst case scenario you can take it home in a doggy bag and re-enact the "Closer" video.I got a Steven Starr gift card for Christmas from a co-worker. My girlfriend and I both enjoy his restaurants very much. We have not tried them all but have yet to have a bad experience at one. This re-telling of the tale will go much the same. Thus if you came here looking for a tragedy you'll be sorely disappointed. There is none to be heard here. 
Unless of course you remember South street about 10 years ago. It's a sad affair these days. The street is a total dump. There was a large pile of vomit about half a block down. Trash everywhere. Groups of people smoking in front of every store. So both of us were surprised that Starr chose this locale. It would not have been my first choice were I to open a restaurant that wasn't a fast food chain. Anyway they actually set it up perfectly so you canNOT see out or into the restaurant. Hopefully it does well and inspires some other ventures. If not for it I'd probably never go to south street again. 
So we made reservations which I'd suggest since the place didn't look terribly large. It was packed but we also went on a Saturday night two days before valentines.
First impression was amber simple decor and darkly lit except over by the kitchen. The kitchen is fully open and we were offered a table or the option to sit at the bar that boxed off the kitchen. We chose the bar and I'd happy to say it was a superb choice. It was really neat to watch them cooking and playing everyone's meals. I could see it being a good spot for a first date. If you've got money to burn or you're splitting the bill. OR YOU HAVE A STEPHEN STARR GIFT CARD. 
The waiter was awesome. Extremely pleasant, attentive and knew the ins and outs of everything on the menu. At his suggestion we ordered multiple plates. The menu is nicely organized by size and food comes to you as it is finished. I like that. I also liked that there wasn't any bread baskets to fill up on. They give you some kind of thin sesame cracker with butter that was good for snacking without filling you up. 
We ordered - 
The mac and cheese - Very good. A different take with the hand spun noodles
Scallops- not very impressive and my least favorite 
Salmon - this was excellent
Ramen - the best but the Salmon was close behind!
Since the portions were not huge we had room for desert. However to our surprise the desert portions were larger than the meals! I got the Banana split and let me tell you it was to die for! My girlfriend ordered the rocky road which was also good but a little strong for me. I'm not big on deserts but I would not pass it up were we to go there again. 
So all and all it was a very enjoyable time! Remember next year that Stephen Starr gift cards make excellent gifts! He has a restaurant for just about everyone's taste.We've been waiting to come here now for quite a while, and finally made it in for our anniversary.  We had the duck sandwich - I thought this was great and I don't like duck.  The raman noodles was also great.
We then had the  ravioli which was overly salted and not that good. We also had the trout and it was bland - and not that good. Overall, the food was OK - not worth the price tag.
Service, the hostesses were nice - but that's it.  Our server started off well, but she never once asked us how our food tasted. I'm the type of person who says thank you and please throughout an encounter - so notice when people do not do it in return. Typically at a restaurant your server will bring you the check and say 'thank you, I hope you enjoyed the meal'...in this case, she dropped the check and walked away.
For a high end restaurant, the food was OK at best, and the service was poor. We will not be going back.I find it difficult to go east of Broad Street most of the time out of laziness.  Glad to have broken the curse with this ultra chic addition to the classless area that South Street has become.  
Food is brilliant.  Cerviches, two versions of duck, hand torn pasta, and molecular gastronomy (not sure if this is absolutely correct term- magic food chemistry ?) for dessert.  What more can a Philly foodie ask for?   
Space is amazing.  Dark, cozy booths.  Bar around the amazing open kitchen show.  Smaller venue- 50 something seats.  
Service is discreet yet attentive.  
Not huge portions.  Pricey.  Well worth it, but don't come after running a 10k if you don't want to break the bank.  
Save room for dessert.   
Modern cuisine.  Just want to frame it.What to say about Serpico...  I am not sure I understood everyone's gripes about it being expensive.  It's called 2013 people, entrees don't cost $14 anymore. Got a corpse reviver for a cocktail - it was tasty, large ice cube well made.  My friend got the South Street Sour, and it was disgusting.  He said it tasted like a "bag of raisins" which it may have, sweet and just gross.  We should have asked to have it taken off of the bill but he managed to choke the entire thing down.  Got a nice bottle of white burgundy, not expensive.  I had the corn ravioli which was delicious.  My girlfriend had the raw fluke which was tasty.  The razor clams which my other friends got were pretty bad - small portion and unremarkable.  I had the Wagyu Chuck flap, which while cooked perfectly (probably sous vide and  seared) was completely covered in a sweet grain mustard which kind of killed the dish.  The duck which I tasted was also overwhelmed by the sauce.  The hand torn pasta was very good.  Strange that one of the best things on the menu would be the pasta.  We were walk-ins and got a table at 8PM, it was packed by 9:30.  Ambiance was sort of whatever, a little loud, a lot going on and we were sort of cramped in our small table in the middle of the floor.  The decor was interesting, and the kitchen counter was a cool aspect but did not get to experience that.  Overall I would say it was a bit overrated.  There are many places in Philly I would much rather go, and I thought their menu was a bit out of focus and discombobulated.   Also very small bar area, like 5-6 seats which was empty the whole time.  Honestly space was wasted, turn that into a larger dining counter and get rid of the pointless bar.  Not very fitting for a south street location, I applaud them for trying but it seems kind of too trendy and not enough substance to last.  A nice addition to the Philly restaurant scene but not remarkable enough to get my business again any time soon.I came here a while back with my boyfriend for a fancy meal which was good, but it did not wow us. First off, their beer list was lacking, and they only serve cans. We weren't sure what to make of that, so we ended up ordering a bottle of red wine. Thankfully, it was delicious!
On to the food. Our waitress explained how many of the plates were small, and she recommended that we split 5-6 dishes to be satisfied. I think that was a slight overstatement because we ended up ordering 4 and were stuffed by the end of the meal. We started with the scallops. Unfortunately, we didn't read the menu closely and missed that they are served raw...we didn't like the extra gooey texture that much. And they came in a creamy buttermilk sauce which was just ok. Next, the plate of corn ravioli was brought to our table. This was probably my favorite dish. I can't really describe it, so you'll just have to try it--a really good  mix of different flavors! For the main course, I had the trout, and he had the beef short rib. The trout was fine. It was in a soupy mixture of potatoes, crab meat, and roe that I didn't think blended that well together, but the portion was large and the fish itself was prepared well. My boyfriend liked the short rib which had a smoky flavor to it. Even though I don't consider myself a plain eater, I think some of the dishes needed to be toned down a bit. I felt like the flavors of the scallop and fish dishes in particular didn't mix that well, but compared to other reviewers, it looks like I'm in the minority.This restaurant is not named for the movie. It's named for Peter Serpico who is the chef. It's located in the groovy South Street area of Philadelphia. The food is excellent. And the service actually is equally superb. This restaurant compares easily to any good NYC eatery. The halibut was superb. The salmon was also extremely tasty and perfectly cooked. The steak tartare was very flavorful. And the beet salad really had pop. Sit at the bar on either of two sides and watch the action.My dining companion and I had a lovely meal at Serpico to celebrate her birthday. Each element of every dish was carefully and deliberately executed. We were glad we chose Serpico for the special occasion! 
The Raw Diver Scallops and Chicken & Snail Lasagna were flawless in unique ways. The buttermilk, poppy seeds, and chive oil lent the scallops acidity, texture, and lusciousness that was unusual yet welcome. Texturally, the chicken and snail paired well with the creamy bechamel sauce. We were more than content.
We were not as thrilled with the Steamed Egg Custard or Beef Short Rib. We felt the broth was too salty considering the lightness of the custard. The short rib, to be frank, reminded me too much of Beef and Broccoli. Great flavors, but not what I desire in a fine dining atmosphere. 
The Yuzu Semifreddo and complimentary Chocolate Ganache Cigar with Sunflower Milk for the birthday girl were the perfect finale. Overall, we enjoyed our meal and would be interested in returning when they have more spring produce on the menu.Had a 10-course tasting menu and every single dish was delicious. Super creative dishes like raw fluke with fermented kiwi sauce and fried basil, steamed egg with crispy potatoes, cauliflower mushrooms and caviar. 
Staff was super friendly and knowledgeable. Everyone seemed happy to help and chat for a quick second.
Decor was fun. Get a seat at the counter if you can. It was even more fun because you can sneak questions to the chefs. ;)I really enjoyed our dinner at Serpico. I thought the entire operation was managed very well. The hostess was pleasant, she knew our name and she was expecting us with a smile. Our server was well informed about the menu and what type of wine to pair each dish with.The courses came out very quickly.  The dishes were delicious and unique.  Very good experience.I absolutely adore this restaurant. Came here for my boyfriends birthday and we sat at the kitchen bar and watched the magic happen. The duck breast here is amazing. The korean wings, to die for. The pigs head is a little salty but my boyfriend loved it. the wait staff and ambience was just perfect. 
Side note, as I was leaving the restaurant we saw M Night Shamayalan. Omg how cool. Will never forget this awesome nightAnd officially my favorite restaurant in the city. My girlfriends and I went there for girl's night and we had a fantastic time! We started off with cocktails at the bar, which has many options for bitters. All the drinks were great! The waiter was really nice too and let us try most of the bitters. 
Dinner was the best. Highly highly recommend all the raw dishes. As for entrees, the trout was the best, followed by the lamb. I look forward to going back and once again ordering the raw fluke and the trout (must-haves!)  Go eat there now.
Also, check out Melissa P.'s Serpico review for more advice -- she was there with me!I wanted to try this restaurant since it's on the top of many best restaurant lists in Philadelphia, but wasn't overly impressed.  The Korean wings were really delicious, but ordered the trout for an entree which was really disappointing.  We also ordered the ravioli and shrimp and grits which were good, but didn't blow us away.  Maybe I just made bad selections, but I expected everything to be amazing. Debating on whether or not I'd go back.  So many amazing restaurants in Philly...not sure this one makes my top ten and not sure why it gets so much hypeI was excited to try out Serpico last night, but after being seated at our table and neglected by any waitstaff or manager for almost 30min (seated at 7:15, drinks at 7:25 and finally checked on at 7:56), we decided to pay for our drinks and simply leave the restaurant.I went on a date here on a Thursday night. I was a little skeptical at first because some of the pictures I saw looked a little strange. However, the meal turned out to be superb. We sat at the "Chef's Table" which is like sitting at a bar that overlooks the kitchen. It was cool, but nothing fantastic. I think it would be best if one sat here and did their tasting menu for $95. We opted to order numerous dishes instead and share, thanks to the suggestion by our waitress who was attentive without being overbearing. I thought all of the staff was good, pleasant and knowledge.  It is a well run establishment and their food shows this. All of the dishes we had were good, but some stood out in my mind and I will make a note about a couple. We shared the special of the day, Snail and Chicken Lasagna. It sounds weird, but it was fantastic. There was not much, but it was very rich and truly delicious. I don't know exactly how they made this, but if possible I would add this to the everyday menu. The two other dishes that stood out were the Braised Short Ribs (perfectly cooked with a fantastic sauce) and the vegetables which were filling and fresh with a nice lemon sauce on top. We ended up sharing 5 dishes which was more than enough, four would have probably been fine. The bill (with tip) was around $130. So it's not cheap, but the food is worth it in my mind for a special occasion. An added bonus was that since it was not the weekend we were able to bring our own bottle of wine. BYO is always desirable. Next time I am in town I will definitely look this place up and I recommend it to someone looking for a special night/time with amazing food.Happy to have finally tried this place! Everything is a la carte so we ordered several dishes and shared family style among the 4 of us. Best seats we had were at the bar since the entire kitchen was open and in the middle. It was like the chef's table and such a fun and exciting experience!
We ordered:
Diver scallops
Ceviche special
Halibut
Chicken & snail lasagna - 1st time trying snails and it the chicken and snail sausage was delicious and buttery with an amazing pesto sauce
Carrot confit - my favorite! Delicious carrots with crunchy filo reminds me of Turkish dessert kunefe but with carrots!
Desserts:
Black Forest brownie with vanilla ice cream and tarte cherries - this was my least favorite. Crunchy brownie pieces with vanilla ice cream. The cherry sauce has five spice which made it bitter not sweet.
Pineapple carrot cake - our favorite! Super light and airy with fresh pineapple pieces. 
Vanilla shortcake with strawberries - delicious! There was an herb sauce over the strawberries which made it refreshing. 
We also had a bottle of sparkling Chardonnay which complemented the food well. Service was outstanding and food was excellent. I'm so glad that I finally got to try this place and was not disappointed! Will definitely return when I'm in town again!Serpico was a delight.  We stopped by there on Saturday night at 8:00.  No reservations but within about 5 minutes two spots opened up at the small 6 person bar.  We ordered a Vespers and Brian our delightful bartender made it perfect.  He was a total delight!!!!
We ordered and shared the salad - yummy.  Then the King Crab with Popcorn Grits and the Short Ribs.  The grits were to die for.  A little spice with a coddled egg to add richness.  I want it again tonight.  The short ribs were tender and the sauce was bursting with flavor. 
We are here for another 5 nights and will be back on Wednesday night!!I have a monthly girls dinner where we each pick a place each month. I only get to pick every 6 months and this was mine and I'm so happy with my choice! It may have just dethroned Vedge as everyone's favorite place we've been to in the last 6 months! 
Atmosphere is nice, understated, not too crowded, not too loud, not too quiet. Good for a small group or a date, they could only accommodate a group of 6 for dinner on a weeknight rather early (6:45) with about a month's notice. Opentable's limit for online reservations is 4 people.
TOP SECRET INFORMATION: You can BYOB. This is confusing, because they have a full bar, and a wine list. But as the hostess(?) told me on the phone "Were just flexible." There is no corkage fee. However, the cocktails are pretty good so you kind of miss out there by bringing your own.
FOOD. We ate quite a lot of it. It was all amazing, but if you have to pick, here's what you need to know:
Small Plates:
-- You MUST get at least one of the raw fish dishes (but preferably all of them.) Hamachi tartare, raw scallops, fluke crudo. We almost got into a fight about which one was the best. We couldn't decide. It would be like picking a favorite child (if I had 3 kids that were equally not annoying).
--Duck liver mousse was excellent and they even brought out Matzah for my Passovering friend!
--Deep Fried Duck leg- very very good, but, overhyped. The way people talk about it on yelp you'd think it was life changing. They're paying homage to peking duck here, but I just like peking duck more.
--Cope's corn ravioli was good and very interesting. 
--Sliced Pig head was interesting but not my fave, tastes like fancy lunch meat with mustard, I'd pass on this.
--Chilled Dashi soup was very interesting but also overhyped for me. Liked the concept and the creme fraiche jelly, but I'd pass on this too unless you're a big cold soup person.
Large Plates:
--The Trout won our affections as the dark horse winner of the large plates, but really all of these were excellent.
--Absolutely recommend getting the seasonal vegetables to split- the lemon puree was awesome.
--The lamb and short ribs were both amazing, tender, delicious, flavorful and paired well with the sides. I loved the eggplant dipping sauce for the lamb.
--The pork and kimchi stew would have been good at another restaurant, but here it was the less cute sibling in a beautiful family. Also, it was trying to be kimchi chiggae, but just wasn't as good or as different from kimchi chiggae to be impressive.
Desserts:
--Apple Cake was the clear winner. So good. Still thinking about it.
--Rocky Road was good too, but didn't blow my mind.
--Goat Cheese sorbet blew my mind, but it was so weird I couldn't quite get behind it.
OVERALL a wonderful meal, great experience and I would definitely recommend for a fancy night out. It's a bit pricey (we had a gift card but without it it would have been $70 each with tax, tip, and not even a cocktail each). Granted we were super full. You could probably BYOB and be satisfied for around $50 each.What can I say except that I am ruined for life, or at least until I can return to Peter Serpico's kitchen counter again. One dark cold Saturday night in January we walked in to a bustling, low lit room backed by cold steel and hot flame. Our high expectations to be wow'd were met. Completely. Our 11 course tasting menu left us elated, satisfied and just plain impressed. Dishes range From a potato consume that was like drinking a liquid potato to the bowl of shaved foie gras with a nut brittle that could have doubled as dessert! Perfect execution in everything! I highly recommend the chefs counter and make a reservation. Worthy of a second visit for sure!We had a wonderful meal at Serpico.  Great atmosphere and service, and the food was flavorful and beautiful.Beautiful room with well-executed inventive dishes. Great vibe sitting at the counter around the open kitchen. Fun interpretation of bar.I went there for my roommate's birthday dinner. The food is delicious. And not only delicious, they were a piece of art. The plating is phenomenal. Just beautiful. The colors, lightness, darkness, textures are all excellent. I just wanted to look at them and felt guilty ruining the plating though it looked very appetizing as well . The food was excellent. Def one of the best restaurants in Philadelphia. Fantastic experience!If there was an option for 2.5 stars, I'd select it but our overall experience was disappointing.  4 stars for quality of food, 1 star for service.  Let me explain.    
The options on the menu are unique, the chefs take great care in their prep and generally speaking, the quality and flavor of the offerings were impressive.  My wife and I split the following dishes: Beat & Goat Cheese Salad, Dry Aged Sirloin Tataki (wife did not eat), Steamed Egg Custard, Crispy Eggplant, and Slow Poached Halibut.  Again, these were all good and were easily more than enough to fill us up to the point where we both felt uncomfortable after the meal. 
Now, initially, our waiter (the only waiter that night in late October on a Thursday), seemed great and attentive.  He even made some great recommendations which included the Steamed Egg Custard.  He assured my pescatarian wife there was no meat or meat products in this dish.  While I loved it, it was clear this dish had chicken broth in it (or stock - I forget which) and this was confirmed by the chef.  Since we sat at the chef's table/kitchen bar, we saw the chef mention something to our waiter about this issue. In light of his mistake, I  expected an explanation or apology. Instead, we got nothing but a cold shoulder.  In fact, he essentially ignored us the rest of the night except to deliver the bill - spineless, classless, and unprofessional.  Note, the restaurant was less than half full that night. While I would typically take it upon myself to call him out on something like this, I was feeling mellow and genuinely uninterested after that last glass of wine. Sorry I didn't.    
I was not looking to have this item taken off the bill as again, I enjoyed it. Importantly, however, relying on his word, my wife ate 3-4 bites of this dish that had meat product in it which has in the past caused her to become ill.  It's worth noting that this ingredient is not listed on the menu.
Another thing that annoyed me was that the waiter recommended that we each order 3 things, 1 from each column on the menu.  Had we listened to him, it would have been serious overkill as we would have both been ok had we only ordered 4 items total.    
While this rating seems harsh, I mean no disrespect to the chefs who were buzzing around the open air kitchen like worker bees trying to pump out meals.Hands down my favorite restaurant in the city and our go-to for upscale dining when friends/family are visiting. Everything served here that we've gotten so far, from the scallops to the shellfish stew to the veal shoulder chop (our orderset from most recently) have been spectacular. Expect to spend more than you had planned given the smaller portions but it's really worth it for a special night out. We had the opportunity to sit by the kitchen and watch the talented staff cook in front of us, which I highly recommend for small groups/couples. Cocktails were also on point and they have a well-stocked bar as well. The specials change often so be sure to ask which ones will be sold out soon so you don't miss out on the freshest dishes of the day.Excellent, simple and elegant. Did the 10 course tasting menu at the counter and each dish was homey but surprising. Flavors were mellow and subtle and service was attentive
Open kitchen is fun to watch - kind of like watching and Iron Chef episode up close. 
I will say the red wine was served a bit warm (seemed like it was warmer then 70 degrees), but we were having such a good time we didn't care
They don't take big parties which I get - it's a small place. And it's a but of culture shock walking out the door. Was hoping for a nice place to tuck in and get an expertly made cocktail to end the night, but I've lost all my bearings on South St. Hopefully a lounge opens up next door.Exceptional, loved the experience in its entirety. It has one of the most delightfully minimal designs of any restaurant I have been to in some time. The open kitchen layout is a delight, and was quite something to see the orchestration of food of this caliber being produced. 
Serpico draws from a diverse array of influences, and knits them delicately together in each dish. Highlights were the Duck Liver Mousse, Deep Fried Duck Leg (got a second order, was that good) and the Elysian Field Farms Lamb Ribs, on the dessert menu the Rocky Road is something not to be missed. 
The service was outstanding, best dining experience I've had in Philly, looking forward to a return visit, in the spring to see what Serpico has in store for us then.The freeze dried fois gras tasted like astronaut panang curry. We had the Valentines Prix Fixe which was the only option. Unfortunately, my partner's birthday is Valentine's Day so this is often the case.
The service was good. If only the food could keep up. We had a lobster dish with Brussels sprouts in a bouillabaisse that tasted, albeit yummy like a packaged tomato bisque. 
This meal was over $500 for 2 ppl, the pairings were ok at best. The Chardonnay especially overpowered the lobster dish. 
I don't know what else to say except I will stay faithful and spend my money on NY cuisine. This was a complete waste.I never thought I could fall in love with a building and a menu, but lo and behold; I fell in love with you, Serpico.
From your raw diver sea scallops that wanted to make me lick the plate in a very unladylike manner, to the heavenly raw fluke that made me yearn for more. The tartare is what made me use those three special words "I love you", you have won me over.Great menu and vibe. Went with two toddlers on busy Friday night and had a wonderful time. Food is as creative and well executed , it very much lives up the hype. Sliced pig head and duck liver dish are amazing. I'm not much of a ramen expert but my daughter loves them and asked for more. The scotch beer was great also. Even though limited menu it has a wide variety. Not for the closed minded chicken only eaters.Decided to try Starr's newest place, Serpico.
The decor is open concept kitchen with a relaxed atmosphere - guests and workers can draw on some of the walls with chalk, you have a lot of open duct work, and the menu items are listed outside the restaurant on a blackboard.
Server we had was good, and attentive. The place was busy but we still got good service. We sat at a bar facing directly into the kitchen and it was quite interesting to watch the chefs prepare each dish and send it out to the tables. There was no strong food smell or any other unpleasantness, which I appreciated since I typically don't like to sit at kitchen bars.
Compliments to the bartender because their K.B. Royale was fantastic, by far the best variant of a Kir I've ever had.
The food was quite good, well prepared, plated, and seasoned. I particularly liked the egg custard with caviar; it tasted like a very high end miso soup, but with the added richness of the roe. The wagyu flank was tender and prepared medium. My date had a pasta with escargot that was quite tasty.
A place for a solid meal, though you will have to open the wallet. I'm happy to see South Street get classed up a bit more, and the chef seems determined to keep the place down-to-earth. Would strongly recommend.wow! wow! wow! Amazing!
We came here for dinner on a quick weekend trip to Philly and were quite pleased. We sat at the kitchen counter, which was great, we could watch all the cooks and the amazing Peter Serpico in action. Seeing all the the different dishes come together right before your eyes made it difficult to choose which ones to order.
We decided on the duck liver mouse, oxtail soup, egg custard & caviar, deep fried duck leg, cope's corn ravioli, seasonal vegetables and the goat cheese sorbet for dessert. All were unique and delicious. The duck leg was great, it's served on a bun with cucumber and hoisin, kind of like a mini bahn mi. yum!
Loved the chalkboards covering the walls.Yup, it's the best meal I had all year and I didn't know till after I left that it was a Stephen Starr restaurant. The restaurant offers really amazing New American cuisine with a beautiful massive open kitchen. The food was fantastic but so was the service, I really thought our waiter took care of our group of seven really well, he was super knowledgeable with the menu and he offered some really great recommendations.
The food:
Dry Aged Sirloin Tataki- Lettuce purée, cured king oyster mushroom, horseradish, soy. Oh sweet Moses was this a sexy dish. The texture of the tataki was absolutely wonderful and it had such a strong beef flavor, this was one of my fav dishes.
Confit Carrot- Crispy phyllo, ginger sauce, scallion, thyme. These are the hands down best carrots I ever had. These were cooked to perfection and they had a very pronounced carrot flavor.
Hamachi Tartare- Ginger, scallion, dijon, crispy cracker, soy. I loved this dish, the texture of the hamachi was perfect and the crunch from the crispy cracker added such a nice textural contrast.
Steamed Egg Custard- Jumbo lump crab, brown butter, crispy potato, long hots. The texture of the egg custard was nice but I found the both to be salty. I also thought the caviar and the custard didn't pair as well as I had hoped.
Raw Diver Scallops- Buttermilk, poppy seeds, green yuzu kosho, white soy, chive. The scallops themselves were perfection and I really liked the presentation but the sauce was kinda weird for me, it reminded too much of sour cream and onion.
Lamb Chops, braised shank, grilled belly + zucchini, thumbelina carrots, raisin glaze, pea mash. This was a special of the day and my favorite entree, I really loved this lamb dish. The belly was my favorite part it was cooked perfectly, the chops were super juicy with a nice outer char and the item that looked like a sausage had a nice lamb flavor. 
Beef Short Ribs- Whole grain mustard, grilled broccoli, fried potatoes. I thought the ribs were great, these were super tender and I really liked the crunch from the potato, it kinda felt like a hash brown.
Slow Poached Halibut- White asparagus, beets, crème fraiche, horseradish. The halibut was cooked perfectly but the beet flavor was a little too assertive. The red color of the beet was kinda a nice surprise since it was hidden underneath, it kinda comes out like how a egg yolk breaks from a sunny side up egg. 
Pan Roasted Black Bass- Cherry tomato mustard green relish, white asparagus, lemon fumet chive oil. This was the other special of the night, the pan roasted black bass was cooked perfectly but I felt the cherry tomato mustard green relish was a bit too overpowering.
Dry Aged Duck Mole for Two- Stuffed cabbage, kabocha squash, cranberry, scallion, chilis. I enjoyed the flavor of the duck leg the most, the breast was good but not as sexy as the leg. The overall flavor kinda reminded of an Asian duck but the thing that I wasn't in love with was the sauce, the sauce was too sweet for me.
Spiced Carrot Cake- Pineapple cream cheese, toffee crumble, cocoa nib, honey. The spiced carrot cake was very good, I really enjoyed the flavor and I liked how it wasn't too sweet. This was a great way to end a great meal.Went here for date night with my boyfriend. The decor is cute and cozy. The hostess recommended we sit at the counter do we did. They have an own kitchen so it was entertaining to watch the chefs cook. For apps I got the raw scallops which were amazing. Plating was a work of art and the dish was filled with delicate and complex flavored. The boyfriend got the salad which looked boring but actually tasted very good. It had notes of citrus and mint and tasted very fresh. 
For dinner I got the trout which I was nervous about because I never had it before. My server recommended it and I am glad I took her advise. The fish was moist and smokey. The cavier was a nice touch as well as the lump crab meat with it. It was a great dish with an abundance of flavor, I highly recommend. My boyfriend got the short ribs. I am usually not a fan because they are too fatty but these short ribs were cooked beautifully and not fatty at all. The only critique is that they put way too much sauce on it, I like my meat to speak for itself. 
It is a little pricey, but the food is definitely worth it. We will definitely be back.Delicious tasting menu. Some of the a la carte dishes are a bit over-salted. Chef is super friendly about accommodating for any food allergies.Yes, the food is novel. Very interesting and adventurous dishes.  Service is great.
However, I had a hard time justifying the cost with the amount and tastes of the foods that came out.  I tried the mac & cheese (good but salty), chicken and snail lasagna (couldn't eat more than 2-3 bites before I had to rinse out my mouth, overpowering pesto), duck breast (delicious), and the ramen (forgettable).
I left unsatiated.. and possibly less of an adventurous eater than before.I can see why this is the new "it" spot in the Philly restaurant scene. With its trendy vibe, open kitchen, and inventive dishes, Serpico is clearly where it's at.
 To start off, there is a good selection of beer, wine, and select signature cocktails. I'm a big lover of craft cocktails and the Spring's Cup with gin, cucumber juice, and ginger is unbelievably refreshing.
Not to be outshined by the food, the small plates of raw seafood were huge hits at our table. The Raw Fluke and Hamachi and Cobia Tartare are both excellent starters. Both are inspired by Asian flavors and the chefs have concocted the seafood into ultimate flavor bombs.
Entrees: the creaminess of the smoked potato salad and lump crab meat in the delicious Trout dish reminds me of shrimp and grits, loved it and the trout roe was the perfect salty component to the overall dish. My guy enjoyed the Duck dish, it was cooked to a perfect medium-rare, skin was nice and crispy, and the watermelon radish cut the richness.
Service is prompt, we really liked Leandra as our server. Make sure to check out Serpico with an open pallette, I can't wait to grab a front row seat at the kitchen bar the next time I return!What a great meal! $85 for an 11 course blind tasting. All the plates are small and have an asian fusion thing going on. You do have to be a bit adventurous but I'm not all that adventurous and I still ate everything they brought out. 
I'm not going to get into the details of every course but a few stand outs were the freeze dried foie gras and the pig face. 
Service is great - as you would expect at Steven Starr restaurants. 
Overall, a very enjoyable experience. The only thing keeping it from 5 stars is that we had a reservation in advance and we were sat at the bar/kitchen. It turned out it was an interesting experience to sit at the bar/kitchen and watch the food made, but we were sat next to 5 other people doing the blind tasting that were a few courses ahead of us and it sort of ruined the surprise of some of the food.For the most part, I quite liked the space.  The dining room overall is stylish with  mid-century modern chairs (the kitchen counter bar stools are the perfect height) and when full, buzzes with spirit and energy.  The small little bar is charming and you feel like you're in a private world peeking out at the street life through the liquor bottles.  After a while though, the music choice of mostly 70s rock became annoying and certainly didn't do much to contribute to a sophisticated feel.  At first, I liked sitting at the kitchen bar (which only goes around 2 sides of the kitchen, not 3 as noted in another review), intrigued by all of the action in the open kitchen.  But then after a while, we realized that it was dissipating a large part of the magic of going to a restaurant by seeing talented chefs using common plastic containers and kitchen equipment.  
Got the chef's tasting menu for $85 and wines by the glass (liked the primitivo in particular).  It was a 2 1/2 hour experience.  Seasoning was a problem in nearly all the dishes; typically it was missing, but when it was there it tended to overpower. Overall impression is that in the effort to be different they were rather just undistinguished.  The meal consisted of:
Amuse bouche - a potato chip with nori on it.  Potato chip was boring, and needed salt.  The nori added some flavor and it would have been nice if there was more.
1.Scallop cerviche with thinly sliced daikon in a broth of almond milk and olive oil was very bland.  Definitely need spicing up. 
2. Marinated julienned mushrooms were cold and OK.  The other dish for this segment was sunchoke three ways.  This was substantially larger than the mushroom dish and at least the fish sauce gave it some flavor. 
3. This was an odd combination of items: three Manila clams in a broth in a bowl, and on a plate, sliced pig tongue (terrific, but sadly only two little slices a bit smaller than a pepperoni slice) atop lightly fried sushi rice over burnt onion mustard.  The relatively large roll of rice was odd and obviously bland except for the slices touched by the wonderful mustard. 
4. Beet tortellini in an orange sauce that was too aggressively orange.  The pasta was good, and this dish could have benefited from some other herbs and/or spices. 
5. Poached egg over potato puree with bacon grease and dehydrated crunchy potatoes on top.  The crunchy potatoes were a nice texture addition, and while the bacon fat gave it some flavor, it still would have benefited from just salt and pepper. 
6. Seared trout which was well done with a wonderfully crispy skin, over some very thinly sliced Fuji apple and daikon, which didn't add much to the overall dish
7. The oxtail served with a consomme was incredibly rich with a repeat appearance of the burnt onion mustard.  This was the best of the dishes, and while the piece was small it was so rich it was more than enough.
8. Lotus blossom squash ice cream over crushed pistachios with jasmine sugar.  The ice cream was very neutral tasting so I suppose it could have been lotus flower or just about any other mild or unknown flavor they claimed.  
9. Custard in a green tea sauce.  Not a great way to end the evening.  The green tea was a jarring antagonist to the creamy custard.
The service was good. 
Considering the uneven food I would have given this only 2 stars, but that would make the final bill for two of $300 really seem like a huge mistake.Came in without a reservation and we're seated quickly. Food was worth the price. Beautiful interior.Love this place!  Innovative and more importantly delicious food. I went with my toddler at 5:30pm on a weekend and the service was friendly and efficient.  the dressing of the fluke appetizer was scrumptious and I mean that exact word. The seafood stew was unexpected in that its broth was clear and clean tasting. It was a pleasant and welcome surprise.  My carnivore company's pork was a bit disappointing but it's his fault for not ordering seafood really. I would go back in a heart beat. Highly recommend.Clearly you should be suspect of anyone that didn't fully enjoy the food at this restaurant; everything is very inventive and for us, perfectly executed. We had a table closest to the small bar (8 seats maybe) and a long way from the back where the huge open kitchen is located. The kitchen is so vast it looks to take up about half the restaurant making it the clear focal point. There are maybe 20 seats that surround the active kitchen and would make for great entertainment. Definitely inquire about that if its your thing.
The service was excellent, the (bottled, no draft) beer we had was good (although very interesting menu options.) The cocktails were all inventive and were are around $12 while the wine by the glass ranged from $10-18. But this isn't the place to go to pinch pennies; its expensive but its exceptional. 
As the waiter recommended we went the tapas route, splitting 2-3 selections per person. We started with the pigs head with a burnt onion mustard which was phenomenal. The pigs head was shaved very fine almost like prosciutto. Then we moved onto the raw scallops in buttermilk with green chili paste, poppy seeds, white soy & chives. Words can't really describe this...probably one of the most memorable dishes I've ever had. Next up was the corn ravioli which was also spectacular. I had read so much about the hand-torn pasta, but based on a tip from the waiter we went with the ravioli. Good call. Corn raviloi with chorizo, white cheese, pickled and roasted onions, sour cream, & lime. Imagine the flavors of mexican street corn amped waaay up...so good. Then onto the deep fried duck leg with hoisin, scallion, pickles, on a potato roll; think a perfectly cooked duck bahn-mi. Finally the cap was the lamb's ribs for two. These were excellent and accompanied by an interesting mix of eggplant & yogurt. The rocky road dessert shouldn't be skipped either - chocolate pudding (more like sorbet) over a bed of toasted marshmallow with candied walnuts. Perfection.
While this place isn't cheap and it would be considered a special occasion spot for sure, there are ways to make it a bit more affordable. Number one, skip the lamb ribs for two. The dish amounted to about 10, 3-4" ribs for $55. They were very good, a bit fatty, but if you're on a budget don't opt for them. You could easily make a good meal out of the ravioli, duck leg sandwich, scallops, and one other menu item - plus dessert of course.  
So glad to have this spot in the city and along South Street no less. This is definitely, without a doubt, in the top five restaurants in the city now...for me, probably top three.Absolutely fantastic!  Interesting, tasty dishes and drinks, as well as friendly, attentive service from the staff.  Loved the fact that I was eating combinations of food, which I had never had before...so innovative and fresh!  Good looking restaurant with great lighting and an inviting atmosphere. The chef even stopped by our table to say hello:)Our go-to restaurant when visiting Philly. Consistently good, interesting and produce-forward dining, with flawless service. Highly recommendedThe wife-y and I made our way here on our anniversary. What really appealed to us (outside all the hype) was the open-kitchen concept. Definetely request a seat at "chef's counter" as it is an experience all in itself. 
We arrived for a late dinner (9:45pm), which is too late to take advantage of the tasting menu. We were disappointed at first, but honestly it worked out for the better as we could pick and choose which dishes we wanted. Overall, the menu is all over the place. I ultimately appreciate the variety, but do not come here expecting any one cuisine or style.
We ended up getting:
1) Raw Fluke - delicious spicy ceviche. My date's favorite.
2) Ramen - Little disappointing given it was covered in seaweed which really masked the flavor of the broth.
3) Korean Fried Chicken Wings - Very good, very sticky wings. Thank you for giving us wet wipes with this one.
4) Porterhouse + Brussel Sprouts - This was a special of the day. I can never pass up aged red meat. And I am glad I didn't. This was probably one of the simplest dishes we got, but also one of the best.
5) Rocky Road Ice Cream - We were nearly bursting at this point, but had to try homemade rocky road ice cream. It was good not great.
Overall, I enjoyed the experience of the open-kitchen, but the food did not meet the expectations (or price). Go during restaurant week (if they participate).UPDATE:
In keeping with the theme that Serpico's food is great, but expensive, now that I've had a chance to look at the wine list more closely (see link in Part 2 of my opening night review below), the average markup from retail seems to be on the high side (3-5X):
'09 Prum Graacher Himmelreich Kabinett, $28 wine for $110 (3.9X)
'09 Trimbach Pinot Blanc 2009, $15 wine for $74 (4.9X)
'10 Banshee & Rickshaw Pinot Noir, $15 wine for $50 (3.3X)
NV Kanbara Bride of Fox Junmai Ginjo, $15 saki for $58 (3.9X)
'11 Domaine Jerome Gradassi Chateauneuf-du-Pape, $39 wine for $170 (4.4X)
I'm sorry, but $74 for a $15 bottle of wine is highway robbery in Philly.  In fact, you can get this wine retail for $10.19 in NJ (7.3X markup):
http://www.wineclicker.com/items/detail?itemid=463345
BTW, I didn't get an answer to my question as to whether they would let us BYOB with corkage.  I doubt it.
[Retail prices above are based on the average national prices from Wine-Searcher.com, for example: http://www.wine-searcher.com/find/trimbach+pinot+blanc/2009/usa ]I LOVE this restaurant. I had the Deep Fried Duck Leg, Ramen, Trout and Short Ribs. It was an interesting mix of tastes and seasoning. I enjoyed the fusion and I'm usually a pretty picky eater but I didn't feel that way at all throughout my meal. The seats by the kitchen counter was a fun experience to observe the crew preparing food. Great overall ambience!The small tapas style dishes are great for ordering a bunch and sharing! It's a hard choice to order just a couple! Definitely recommend sitting around the open kitchen to see what they're preparing and get a better idea of what you want to order. The servers are knowledgable and recommend great choices!The staff was kind, incredibly well-trained around dietary restrictions, and fun. And the food is fantastic. I'll be dreaming of the warm bean salad tonight.I am giving Serpico 4-Stars because it is much better than a 3-star, but not quite 5-star. I would like to thank the Manager (Rich I believe Tall, shaved head), for taking care of me when my server was clearly overwhelmed.  Well done sir, you showed class and skill.  The food is EXCELLENT.  The service wasn't, but the way Rich handled it and told me how passionate he was about constantly improving... that is what matters.  That is why I know Serpico will get that 5th star!      Well done Team Serpico.I found out about the 4/20 collaboration dinner with The Brooklyn Star at Serpico by following Peter Serpico on Instagram. He posted a preliminary menu and I was immediately sold so I went ahead and made reservations. We showed up and were warmly greeted and seated at the chef's counter.  Sitting at the chef's counter is always more fun than sitting at the table and this goes double at Serpico, with an open kitchen design there is always something to watch.  
Our server found us and we ended up ordering a few drinks.  Menu started off with some chicharrones with homemade BBQ sauce, woah, this combo was ridiculously awesome.  I can't say enough about the sauce, you could put it on a show and I would eat it. 
Next came the Shaved Pig Head Salad, the Cornbread with Bacon and Jalapeno, the Bone Marrow, and the Marinated Squid Salad with Green Tomatoes and Herbs.  The salad was great and well balanced, the pig head was so good, the cornbread was unbelievable with the butter and honey that was served with it.  The jalapenos gave it just the right amount of heat.  The bone marrow was so tasty, it wasn't cooked too much to dry it out and the beet pickled onions that came with it were so fricking good.  The squid salad was a perfect play on sweet and sour and everything balanced out very well.  
Next they brought out the Chicken Fried Steak with Country Gravy, Shrimp and Grits with a Soft Boiled Egg, a Meatloaf Sandwich with Texas Toast, and Braised Kale with Pig Tails and Tobasco.  The chicken fried steak was awesome and the gravy was the icing on the cake, it's so easy to mess up country gravy with too much pepper and/or salt and they were careful to avoid this.  The shrimp and grits were super interesting, this almost seemed like their southern take on ramen which was really cool, once everything was mixed up it was very tasty.  The meatloaf sandwich was so good, the texas toast was just thick and buttery, perfect, and the meatloaf which was outstanding was topped with mashed potatoes and some greens.  The braised kale had a bit of spice from the tobasco and had a very beefy porky taste from the oxtail and whatever it was braised in, extremely good.  
We finished the nice with a big ol' piece of Pecan Pie with Vanilla Ice Cream and Bourbon Caramel.  This was so good as well, I mean the pecan pie was perfect and the ice cream and caramel were the perfect accompaniments. We ate every last piece.  
This dinner was awesome and a bargain, it was $45 a person and we got 9 courses plus the chicharonnes.   It was a family style dinner so we were sharing plates but both of us were stuffed by the end.  We really hope that Serpico continues these bargain collab dinners in the future because we will probably be there for all of them.Went here late Friday night (around 10pm) for a celebration dinner, since it's pricy. The menu lists its dishes in order from small to large. We followed our server's recommendation and got 4 small dishes tapas style instead of getting two large ones. What we ordered:
-Paper Planes cocktail: bf LOVED it.
-drink special (a gin-lemonade-y drink): great!
-Raw Diver Scallops: meh. Scallops were fresh, and the white sauce they were in had great flavor, but as other Yelp-ers have said, just didn't stand out. Wouldn't order again.
-Hamachi & Cobia Tartare: Delicious! Great flavor with and without the bread, and the ginger gives it just enough kick. Would def order again. My favorite.
-Deep-fried Duck leg: Amazing! As other reviewers have said. Boyfriend's favorite.
-Duck Liver Mousse: Boyfriend loved this, but I wasn't a fan. 
Ambiance is great, and service was excellent. Just wish prices were a tad less, or portions a bit larger. We split those four and I was still hungry, which doesn't happen often. Will be interested to watch to see if the menu changes...it was labeled "spring menu" so if there are new additions, might consider again.The food is creative and served with the utmost care. Flavors are so perfect. Service outstanding and if you get to sit at the chefs counter the theater of the workers in action is a treatthis place is legit. had the white asparagus soup, King crab ramen, fried duck leg, lamb bacon and Rocky road. all were excellent but the ramen has a very strong old bay taste if you are not into old bayI would probably give this 4.5 if I could. 
Preface: I am a big fan of Momofuku and David Chang from the first time I read about Chang. I read his Momofuku cookbook which features Peter Serpico heavily in the Ko section as a creative collaborator that really expanded the culinary experience in the Momofuku empire. Also as an Asian American, I feel like I have a connection with both Chef Chang and Chef Serpico because there are not many fields in which Asian Americans can express themselves and excel. In the food world, these are two big cats. Moreover, both chefs integrate Eastern and Western flavors and technique in making delicious beautiful food. Because of the culinary and cultural history of Chef Serpico, I was excited to try the food and had very high expections.
I have been wanting to go for a while, but wanted to wait a bit for the restaurant to fire on all cylinders, so my SO and I waited a few months from opening and went on my birthday. The sleek, grey, modern restaurant is located on the very eclectic section of South St near Tattooed Mom's, Nomad Pizza, and The Mood. Immediately after walking in, the restaurant is welcoming with warm wooden tables, painted bricks, leather benches and shimmering stainless steel. The open kitchen is located near the back of the restaurant with the bar backed up to the front of the restaurant. Given the choice, you should sit on the counter to watch the chefs prepare your food.
We ordered the scallop and fluke crudos to start. I was most excited for the scallop dish which was a variant of the famous fluke dish served at Momofuku Ko. It's thinly sliced scallop that is bathed in spiced buttermilk and green yuzu oil, and garnished with poppy seeds and chives. It's an unlikely combination of flavors (creamy buttermilk with scallop, poppy seeds) and I generally don't like raw scallops, but this is really tasty dish. I much preferred this dish to the scallop crudo we had at Laurel. The fluke was a more straight forward preparation, but also delicious with very fresh fish that was delicate and nicely paired with celery.
The next course we shared was the roasted vegetables. I really enjoyed watching Chef Serpico himself charring the vegetables and constructing the different elements onto the plate. The mix of veg were interesting (not just the typical stuff tomatoes, zucchini, squash, asparagus, etc) and seemed like some of the greens were even foraged. My main complaint though was that the lemon puree was overpowering. The acidity of the sauce or the amount used really overwhelmed a lot of the natural flavors.
For mains, my date got the caper brined trout and I had the "slow cooked" short rib. The trout was nicely seasoned with crispy skin. The potato, roe and crab mixture underneath was briny and sweet from the shellfish and roe, earthy and smoky from the potato--which paired well with the clean, fresh fish. I really enjoyed my sous vide short rib and got to chat a bit with the chef about the cooking temperature and time used. I won't post this it here, but message me if you are interested. The short rib was just tender enough that it could be cut with a butter knife, but wasn't mushy or stringy like short rib that has been braised for too long often is. I liked the mustard with the beef, but found that the grilled broccoli was too burnt for my taste. I like grilled and roasted broccoli, but this was just a little too dry and acrid for my taste--minor hiccup. If you have a dining companion that often complains that food at high end restaurants is too precious or frou-frou for their taste, this is a dish that would change their mind. It embraces the classic meat and potatoes aesthetic of an entree, but employs modernist techniques and earthy combinations.
For dessert, we shared the apple cake, which was a perfect end to the night. It was sweet, buttery rich, gooey and had just enough fruit flavor to keep it from being cloying. For drinks, I had a cocktail, Grey Lace or something like that, a gin based drink that was well made and a local Pale Ale (Troegs maybe). I thought the cocktail list was interesting and had some progressive touches while being accessible. The beer list was a bit lacking for Philly, but fine dining restaurants aren't usually on the cutting edge with beer pairings. The wine list was well-priced with a range of prices and featured a lot of both old and new world options. 
Overall, I had a very good experience here. I think a couple miscues the overdressed seasonal veg and the burnt broccoli detracted from the overall meal experience a bit. I thought the menu had so much food that I wanted to try/when I return and watching the chefs work was really cool. Every dish was precisely assembled by cool chefs that tasted almost everything they prepared and plating was a priority. I can't wait to come back and try more dishesMy favorite restaurant in Philly, hands down. No one in the city matches Serpico for creativity, taste, or skill. From the moment I first tried the scallops, I was hooked. 
There are no words approaching the culinary divinity of the dashi broth. None. I won't even try. You just have to taste it. 
A particularly unsung hero for me on the menu is the sunchoke dish. Prior to this restaurant, I hadn't seen them handled with this much frank skill ever before. Prepared with exciting different cuts and textures, the humble, savory sunchoke sings in your mouth. 
The pasta is absolutely fantastic BUT, honestly, I feel gets lost in with the business of the snail and chicken skin. I don't think both are needed considering how ridiculously perfect the pasta and sauce are alone but then again, I lean toward the healthy and will avoid things like chicken skin wherever possible, so take that with a grain of salt if you're the opposite. 
The trout. Dear lord, the trout. The velvety diced potatoes, the rich, quality, abundant crab meat in the mustard-y sauce, the ever-popular crispy skin...I'm always full by the time it gets to the table and I'm always stuffing it in my face anyway. His other entrees are fantastic, but I always go back to the trout.
Being a dessert fiend, the dessert will make or break a restaurant for me. I'll be honest firstly and admit that Serpico was never on the cusp of not making it. The desserts could be awful and I'd go back again for every other course, but his desserts are amazing too. The burnt apple cake...absurd perfection: tart, velvety sweetness all piled together. It gives the yuzu curd a run for its money but the yuzu is my favorite. I could eat it all. Day. Long. The tart, smooth creaminess of this dish hits every note with me, and with the crumbles on top texture isn't lacking, either. Divine.
I wish there were more appropriate words to describe his food but he takes the art of cooking to a level no one else in Philly has quite reached. That's the best I can do. As yet, I have tasted nothing in the city that compares with this restaurant. Laurel maybe comes close, but even it doesn't QUITE reach the outstanding level of Serpico.Really great atmosphere and a cool experience but just way overpriced. I always leave thinking "shit I could have gone to xxx".This place is really great. I had an awesome chanterelle mushroom (!) cocktail. Super good ceviche, risotto, salmon, short rib, and skirt steak. All of the dishes were interesting but still very tasty.So delicious! My son and his girlfriend took me here and we tried six or seven items each one better than the next! My only complaint is I prefer a wine glass with a stem! Next time I'll bring my own glass .I had just gotten my 5000-pt OpenTable gift certificate, so I decided to put it use at Serpico. Thanks Melissa P. for the tip -- they are BYOB, even though they have a full bar, and don't really publicize it. So we brought our own wine which was really nice!
I went at 8:30 on a Wednesday night, and the place was still busy. The ambiance is nice - it's an open kitchen, which I enjoy, and you can sit either at the Chef's counter, or at the table. The walls are all chalkboard so they write the menu on them (just in case you can't read it on your actual menu, I guess...?!)
Between the two of us, my boyfriend and I ordered 5 dishes & dessert, which was probably too much. Here is what we ordered:
HAMACHI TARTARE: very good, interesting flavors. It might have been a little salty, but enjoyed it. It's really small as well.
BRUSSELS SPROUTS TARTINE: probably my favorite dish. I've never had brussels sprouts this way, and they were served on apples with lamb and baguette. SO GOOD. Would recommend, but it was a special so I'm not sure how often it's available.
DEEP FRIED DUCK LEG: I enjoyed this, but it was definitely over hyped in other reviews. I thought the duck itself was really good, but wasn't overly impressed but the whole bun dish.
FRIED MUSHROOMS: Mmmm. I loved these. The plate was pretty big too, so keep that in mind. The sauces went really well.
PORK KIMCHI STEW: I enjoyed this as well. I didn't think it was out of the world, but it was a nice hearty seafood stew with rice. The kimchi flavor didn't really come through, it was more of a tomato based stew. Solid choice, but I might have liked to try one of the other big dishes instead.
DESSERT - YUZU SEMIFREDDO: A lemony-frozen custart type thing, which I really liked. It wasn't too heavy, so it was nice after such a big dinner.
Overall, really, really good dinner. I enjoyed every dish. The service was excellent as well. The only thing I can complain about is how expensive it was, but I did have a gift card. It can cost like 60-70 bucks per person, without drinks...it will definitely empty your wallet! 
But come here, it's a unique experience!So, the place was truly spectacular. We, as a party of 4, ordered the scallop ceviche (in a sublime marinade), razor clam (I'm really not a huge clams fan but these were delicious), the lettuce salad (incredible dressing and very refreshing), the corn stuffed ravioli and hand torn pasta were both out-of-this-world inventive and interesting to the tongue and the duck breast was succulent and cooked perfectly.
My party and I had a bottle of Rosé Grenache that had just the right notes and acidic qualities to go with our meals and was reasonably priced. I can not say enough good things about our meal! The environment and the decor are "game changing" for Philly and ESPECIALLY for South Street! I felt like I stepped out of Philly and into a restaurant in New York, Shanghai or Tokyo!Amazing food, amazing service!!! Everyone from the hostesses, to the servers, to the chefs, and valet guys were amazing!!! If available i would recommend sitting at the bar where you can see and interact with the kitchen staff!! Everyone is beyond amazing in terms of service and knowledge of the dishes you order.  We loved everything we ordered, especially dessert!! Ask for leandra (might be butchering her name) as your server.  Super friendly and helpful!! She let us know what dishes were meant for 2 and how much food was enough (for a typical couple)!!! She also recommended our dessert (toasted apple cake).  It was amazing and im not a fan of anything apple!!This place was delicious. The service was top notch and the food was very good. Interesting options like slow poached halibut, chicken and snail lasagna, Korean chicken wings, sirloin for two, raw fluke, etc. They also have a nice dessert menu but we were too full to eat anymore. The environment is great - it's a mid size place. Very crowded and really nice interior.I don't know where to begin. From start to finish this place was tops. Thank god peter serpico decided to come to Philly bc the place just fits here. After living in NYC for 13 years, I'm so proud to be back in my city - one whose restaurant scene is actually getting noticed. Serpico belongs here - it's unpretentious, eclectic, simple enough but not simple at all. I was absolutely excited by every dish we ordered and I can't wait to go back and try more. We ordered the raw scallops in buttermilk (holy u know what that was thought provoking and delicious), a special bean and squid salad in xo sauce (awesome but could've def been a Tiny bit heavier with the xo), sliced pigs head (the fat tasted like lardo), Korean chicken wings (we had to... Very delish and not really spicy but I'll go to cafe soho for that rip my a$$hole a new one spice) and the lamb ribs (went to bed thinking of them, dreamt of them, woke up thinking of them, and am still thinking of them). Finished the meal with a fabulous jersey peaches over panna cotta (they fried the freaking peach skin as a garnish!).
Wish they had espresso but whatevs... A memorable meal with bigger than expected portions and amazing flavor. Definitely a winner.Yelp stars do not do any justice for what Chef Serpico does. I am absolutely, most positively, in love with this place. One of the best restaurants in Philadelphia - if not THE best!!!
P.S. This is a place for you to feed whatever artistic soul you have in you, not your stomach. Don't go extremely hungry.Really liked the atmosphere, interior decor, sitting at the chef's counter, and ingenuity of the menu. But ultimately the main courses were inundated with ancillary ingredients that dominated the taste of the dish, rendering the main event behind the spotlight. At one point there was so much going on in my palate I couldn't tell what I was eating. We had the halibut which was served with celery, lettuce, and carrots and the caper brined trout which came with a smoked potato salad and pepperoncini. The first few bites of each were appetizing but rather quickly both became too much to handle. However, both deserts, the goat cheese sorbet and toasted apple cake with vanilla ice cream and brown butter, were delicious.Amazing restaurant! The food is interesting and good and the people working there are very friendly and helpful. Hopefully, this restaurant will inspire more places to move to South StreetMy undisputed #1 favorite restaurant of 2014 by a landslide. Instead of me telling you why, just go and find out for yourself.Oops, almost forgot to review this place!
I may not be a Philly native, but I just may not be wrong in saying that Serpico is one of the best restaurants in this city. It's not difficult to see the artistry and distinctive style in Chef Serpico's cooking, and traces of possible influence from his days at Momofuku certainly shows in the menu. The menu here is innovative, the food well conceived and executed, and the service is impeccable. On top of that, the space is very cool in that sleek, modern and slightly industrial way. What was even more impressive was that Peter Serpico himself was in the kitchen expediting himself during dinner service on a Sunday!
The bf and I were seated at the chef's counter during our dinner visit, the best seats in the house in my opinion. We had been grazing all day prior to that dinner so ordered to the best of our abilities, just a few plates to share along with some wine. We started with the tomato and bean salad with a variety of chopped squid and shrimp concocted into a XO-like sauce. I really loved the layers of salty, sweet umami flavors that were borderline funky, seriously jazzing up what otherwise may seem like an ordinary "salad." This dish was very reminiscent of many small plates I'd expect to find at Momofuku Ssam Bar (which is a good thing). We then had their take on fried chicken noodle soup, which was a special of the day. The broth was apparently made with fried chicken, making for an unusually rich base for the tender ramen noodles and just a light sprinkle of crispy chicken skin bits and delicious scallion oil on top. That scallion shit really made the dish. Moving down to the heavier dishes now, we then shared the deep fried duck leg sandwich. The ridiculously good duck was beautifully lacquered and rendered, with just enough fat left between the tender meat and crispy skin. The combination of hoisin sauce, scallion and pickles served as garnish was again reminiscent of the famous Momofuku steamed pork buns in terms of concept. However, I think I may go as far as to say that the deep fried duck leg was even more crave-able than those addicting pork buns; especially with a generous squirt of Sriracha. We capped off our savory selections with the Cope's corn ravioli with chorizo, white cheese, pickles, roasted onions, sour cream and lime, which turned out to be the least successful dish of the night for us. I get that the concept of the ravioli dish was to echo Latin flavors, however I felt like the multitude of ingredients and flavors was just too overwhelming; the sweet corn and ricotta filling inside the raviolis was completely masked by the caramelized roasted onions, salty white cheese, sour cream and million other things in that dish. The pasta skin itself was very nicely done however, a little bit thicker than your average ravioli skin which made it more interesting texturally.
Even though we were pretty stuffed at this point, we couldn't leave without having desserts. It was our last meal in Philly after all, during our weekend stay. Oh yeah, and Philly portions are surprisingly big, FWIW. We had the toasted apple cake as well as the rocky road dessert, both of which were delicious and sinfully decadent. I loved the warm, sticky apple cake drenched in burnt apple sauce and brown butter, topped with no other than creamy vanilla ice cream and caramel. Sure, it may have been rich on rich, but it was so hard to stop at just a few bites. The rocky road composed of smooth, creamy chocolate pudding and a juxtaposition of melty toasted marshmallow and whole marshmallows and candied walnuts. What I really loved about those two desserts is how perfectly they represent American classics. It's harder to interpret and execute something so simple and classic perfectly than it is to completely reinvent the wheel. 
All in all, I found no real flaws with Serpico. The service was all around warm, attentive, efficient and absolutely refined. I wasn't fully convinced that the food scene in Philly was all that serious based on some other restaurants we visited during our stay. However, I am definitely hesitant to make such an assertion after having visited Serpico.Unfortunately I have to downgrade Serpico from 5 to 3 stars after our 3rd outing there. 
In one word: pretentious. Everything sounds better than it actually is.  And yes, it's overpriced. 
The special was an artichoke white truffle soup for $24. $24 for a bowl of soup: I expected shaved white truffles or something spectacular. Instead it was a greasy truffle butter melt with floating chestnut and lamb bits. 
"Mom's mac and cheese" was a broad noodle drowned in a basic bechamel sauce and super salty. Nothing special. 
Regarding salty: we noticed that several dishes had areas which were much saltier than others. Watching chef Serpico salt at the pass, it became clear why. He often distractedly dumps pinches of salt in focused areas instead of showering it over the whole dish. 
Lastly - our waiter was in one word: annoying. Super close-talker insisting on using "we" constantly as in "how are we finding then chicken?" Come on dude, just be yourself. This is Philly. 
Serpico lost one precious asset it used to have: an honest, creative touch. Now it's just overly complicated and often poorly executed dishes.PARTIAL REVIEW
Food
-Serpico's a la carte menu has no divisions or sections, but rather, is organized from top to bottom by size and more or less price. Sharing is definitely encouraged, so that diners can experience a variety of fare.
-There is a solid range in cuisine represented at Serpico that makes it a challenge to pin down as a particular style. I saw mainly Asian flavour profiles represented in the way of Dashi, Shiso, Ginger, Hoisin and Kimchi. On the other hand, there was also some clear Mexican inspiration (chorizo, lime, cilantro), and American (Country bacon, spinach and breadcrumbs) going on. 
Sweet Potato with Sage & Idaho Potato with Basil and Potato Consomme 
The chips were wickedly crispy with an addictive layer of flaky salt, while the consommé was warm, sweet and comforting. A perfect first bite (and sip).
Eggplant Wrapped in Nori with Parsnip Cake topped with Duck Pate
A simple but very flavourful course. I loved the balance of sweet and savoury in both elements on the plate- the caramelized eggplant with the savoury strip of nori, and the fluffy sweet cake with the savoury pate. Yum.
Trio of Mushrooms with Shaved Daikon and Fried Lilly Bulbs
This was an unusual dish, and probably not my favourite of the bunch. I found the combination of cold mushrooms with the sulfurous and daikon a little soggy and flat. The fried lilly bulbs did add a little textural contrast to pull everything together, but it still wasn't enough to make me love the dish.
Smoked Cobra, Cobra Jelly, Black Pepper Oil and Potato Crumble
This was a favourite course for sure.. The combination of the smoky, nutty sweetness of the fish with the spicy oil and the salty crisp potato crumble made me want to lick the bowl absolutely clean. This was probably one of my favourite dishes of the night.
Steam Baked Custard, Brown Butter, Potato Crisp, Caviar, Cauliflower Mushroom
Like the previous dish, this one really nailed it with the textural contrast. I really loved the satiny smooth custard with the supple pop of the salty caviar and the bed of crunchy generously-seasoned potato crumbs.
Alkaline Noodles with Pork Broth, Radish and Pork Belly
A simple ramen dish, but packed with expert flavour, no doubt a reflection of Peter's time with David Chang. The noodles had a bouncy supple chew, the pork belly had a nice crisp skin and a tender bite, and I quite enjoyed the light, yet mildly spicy broth. A tasty course.
Trout Potato Pancake, Onion Puree, Trout Roe, Freeze Dried Apple Powder
This actually reminded me of a mix between a variety of Jewish favourites as if Zaidie's cured fish had a baby with Bubbe's latke. I'm not sure if that's what Peter was going for, but if it was, the whole flavour profile would make sense since the onions and the apples clearly work. This was probably one of my favourite dishes of the night.
Chicken Roulette, Black Pepper Snail Sausage, Chicken Gravy, Parsley Juice
The spicy succulent sausage truly enhanced the wickedly moist chicken, while the vegetal parsley sauce helped balance out the rich gravy. This was a very tasty dish that would make for a beautiful full sized course.
Braised and Deep Fried Oxtail, Mirin Mustard, Radish and Daikon, Oxtail Consomme
Another one of my favourite little bites- the oxtail here was blessedly tender while packing an addictively crisp crust that was made even more tasty by the sweet and spicy glaze. Admittedly, I wasn't crazy about the oxtail consommé with the fatty oxtail, as I felt I needed something acidic to cut the rich savoury flavours. But all in all, a very tasty meat course.
Shaved Foie Gras, Peanut Brittle, Chia Seeds and Apple Sauce
While I hardly ever can turn up foie gras, this surprisingly wasn't one of my favourite courses. The flavours were obviously beautiful (who could complain about good foie gras?), but the texture (or lack thereof) left something to be desired. It was described as having a peanut brittle component, but I didn't get enough textural contrast to balance out the buttery foie. The result was that the whole dish pretty much dissolved on my tongue and I felt I missed out on that satisfying foie experience.
Frozen White Chocolate Maple Custard with Oolong Tea
A brilliantly balanced dish to end a great meal. The white chocolate custard was cold, satiny smooth and tantalizingly sweet, a refreshing shift from the decidedly savoury theme of the meal. However, like most desserts in Asian cuisine, Serpico paired the sweet cream with a slightly bitter oolong tea that when combined made for a wonderfully balanced bite. It actually reminded me a bit of the popular green tea ice cream, which I find far too easy to eat because it's not too sweet.My boyfriend and I went to Serpico for our anniversary and were excited about the menu.  Although we had advanced reservations, we were seated at the bar.  No big deal - we enjoyed observing the chefs and cooks in action.
SERVICE:  So-so.  The restaurant has a full bar, and although they don't advertise it much, it is also a BYOB.  We brought a lovely bottle of wine with us.  My boyfriend ordered a beer to start but when I asked to confirm that Serpico is also BYOB, our server said 'yes' but also cringed at the question at the same time.  That left a bad taste in my mouth.  They didn't have wine glasses either.  [The server's reaction may have had something to do with the fact that the couple next to us brought THREE (3) bottles of wine AND three different pair of glasses.  But still, she shouldn't have reacted that way with us].
Items that we ordered:
RAW DIVER SCALLOPS:  I LOVE SCALLOPS in general, so I figured this small plate was a must!  The dish was light and a great starter to open up our palates.  However, the plate was a bit inconsistent - some bites were a bit bland, while others were a bit salty.  I liked the dish, but have had similar at other restaurants, where I enjoyed it better.  It was a bummer.
DUCK LIVER MOUSSE:  I order the "foie gras" and the server quickly corrected me and said it's a "mousse."  Hence, I corrected my order to the duck liver mousse.  This was probably our least favorite item.  Other than being very salty, it lacked much other flavor.  I should have known better when the server blatantly corrected me and made it obvious that it's not foie gras, but a mousse.  
COPE'S CORN RAVIOLI:  I wasn't expecting much when we ordered this, considering some of the other Yelp reviews said it was so-so.  However, both my bf and I really enjoyed this dish.  The savory, smoky flavor of the sauce alongside the sweetness of the corn was a nice balance.  It was my bf's favorite dish!  He could have had an entire entree of this!
DEEP FRIED DUCK LEG:  It was a richer version of your favorite Chinatown peking duck bun/roll!  Very tasty!
PORK & KIMCHI STEW:  It reminds me of alot of Korean stew dishes, so it wasn't anything extremely special.  But it the flavors of the pork, seafood and kimchi sparked a flavorful party in my mouth!  I enjoyed it!  And it was even tastier as leftovers the next day!
WHITE BEAN COUSSOULET WITH PORK, DUCK AND LAMB SAUSAGE (Special):  This sounded better than it actually was.  We packed it up and barely finished it when we ate it for leftovers.
I really wanted to give a 4 star for this review, but just couldn't...  I've had much better dining experiences in Philly.  Maybe next time..Eat here.
I wonder if I ought say more, lest my diction come across as that used in food porn, or to describe a religious epiphany. But I feel like I have to say it, like the words are springing out of my head and onto a page.
So, to begin. Serpico is a shining example of Modernist Cuisine. I very definitively am *not* saying molecular gastronomy, though a shining example of that will appear later, but in the sense that they have looked at a dish, decided what techniques give the clearest, crispest results possible and used them where deemed appropriate. There has been obvious vision in this food, and the care you can literally watch the cooks putting in during the assembly should confirm as such. The presentations look they belong in Modernist Cuisine cookbook: colorful, composed and purposeful. There's a reason things look like they do.
I'm a really big fan of the décor, and the fact that it completely passes on being ostentatious. Serpico is a really small place, seating 60 apparently, though I have to imagine that people are packed jowl to jowl when its busy in order to make room. As such, I had to sneak in early, right as they were opening to get a reservation, though for all the restrictions it was fairly quiet on a weeknight. Blues played in the early prep before the storm. 
Since it's been so blisteringly hot this summer, I started off with a chilled dashi. Artfully placed greens  (peas, pea shoots, shisho) were surrounding the bowl, with the dashi poured over it at tableside. The vibrant greens popped against the rich broth, making the dish really refreshing, and what I first thought was tofu was actually crème fraiche , and it stacked with the richness of the broth.
The pig face came fresh sliced from a rotary slicer. The stuff was like pork butter, and came with evenly spaced thin slices of something crispy, tart and bitter than served as a textural and flavor contrast. It was simple, but delicious.
But what really got me going on full tilt to Blissed Out Happy Town was the Hand Torn pasta. I just...have to wonder. I think the words I said were a less poetic version of "this is everything I love about pasta in a bowl". The pasta was delightfully fresh, the fried chicken skins (a major guilty pleasure of mine) were rendered perfectly to provide maximum textural impact and chicken flavor. There were snails, and I've seen very nice places, very good restaurants fail to leave me impressed! I was sliding my spoon over inch of the bowl, trying to get one more mouthful. If this isn't on the Best Dishes of Philly list, I swear its been rigged. And even with all the composure and careful touch, it still felt like a grandmother's bowl of pasta.
At this point, I stopped my mental tally for how much I was unloading on a single meal and talked myself into one more thing...and I really got a magic trick. They call it "Foie gras" on the desert menu, but it's not what you think. If I'm getting it right, and not reading too much into this (and call me out on this if I am), it's an illusion, a careful and purposeful deceit of the senses. It looks unimpressive a first, with something looking like fine Dippin Dots covering a plate. This, I believe, is foie that has been pureed and flash frozen covered over peanut brittle and grapes. I tried a small amount at first, carefully poking at it...and not really liking it. Not content, I dug deeper...and got the joke (remember what I said about plates looking a way for a reason?). Don't ask me how, but when all three are consumed together, the foie melts in your mouth, and the grape imitates the texture of the flesh, while the peanuts give a sense of the crunch of a sear...all while providing the nuttiness and sweetness that the original ingredients provide.
In the end, the dishes will run up a hefty tab...especially if you look at their wine list. I'm not an oenophile, and I doubt any of the effort put into those bottles will ever match what is out of the kitchen, so I won't even try. I don't have the wine drinkers palate even if they did, and even then it somehow seems, I don't know, dishonest to the food itself.
This is the kind of meal that makes me want to drop stars on Yelp on other restaurants, to tell old establishments that they risk being obsolete, that places with grand frippery need to get their ego in check and make an honest meal. I hope to be back...soon.One of the best meals I've had in recent memory, period. Took my fiance here for her birthday. We tried six dishes + dessert. Unfortunately I was too preoccupied to take pictures. 
Diver Scallops: Really fresh and vibrant, beautiful presentation.
Sirloin Tataki: Very beefy, loved the fresh horseradish on this one.
Crispy Eggplant: This one was different, but still good. The crispy batter was a good change of pace after the raw appetizers.
Mushroom Rissoto: We opted for topping this with white truffles. This was definitely the best dish we tried, I've actually been on a risotto kick as of late solely because of this dish.
King Salmon: The salmon was good, but we weren't huge fans of the cabbage, really the only negative thing I have to say about the food.
Short Rib: Standout here was whatever the hell sauce was. It was close to teriyaki sauce I think. Whatever it was it was addictive.
Rocky Road: We were pretty stuffed at this point but this was excellent and surprisingly not too sweet. 
This is not a downside for a restaurant like this in my opinion, but I should note that this was a long dinner. Had an 8 o clock reservation on a friday, we got out around 1030. I'm okay with that because a dinner at Serpico should really be an event. Everything was paced well and the service was excellent. Just don't expect to eat here in a hurry. Overall one of the best meals I've had in Philly, I only wish I took pictures.The atmosphere is amazing. Very lively and a lot of fun sitting at the chefs serving table. We ordered the tasting menu which was a 13 dishes for $95. The eggplant bite was amazing as was the scallop carpaccio. The dug leg was great too. A few of the dishes weren't great. Maybe it was the texture that threw me off but with 13 dishes you're bound to get a few you don't like. One suggestion to the staff is to ask customer if they want any coffee after a big meal. We were just given the check which felt like we were getting pushed out.My boyfriend and I were very excited to go to Serpico but left a little disappointed. Many people had raved to us about this place. The service was awesome and the food was beautiful but everything was way too salty. We also wished there had been more thought to the way our dishes came out (something we've come to expect from nice restaurants). We were often given the next plate before we were finished the first, which seemed rushed. Also odd-it was  dead for 8pm on a Friday night. No regrets, but I don't think we'll be coming back anytime soon.If you have not been to Serpico, you need to go! My gf and I split 5-6 dishes, each dish better than the last. You must try the fried duck legs, it was our favorite. Also, the service was amazing. Finally, no corkage fee!Love, love, love this restaurant! There is no other place like it in Philly.
The culinary team constantly shows unending imagination. The conceptualization, execution, and flavoring of the dishes are always surprising and satisfying. The waitstaff is extremely knowledgeable, friendly, and accommodating. The decor is on the dark/ romantic spectrum of the ambiance scale. Accordingly, the acoustics are also pleasant--which is rare for Philly as you normally have to shout at your dining companions over the clamorous tumult of most restaurants.This has surpassed Sbraga as my new favorite restaurant in the city.
I ate here over the summer, a couple of months after it opened.  My friend and I sat at the kitchen counter, which I requested after reading reviews about it online.  I have to say that I really enjoyed the experience; it was much better than if we had sat at one of the tables.  I highly recommend this seating option.
The restaurant was very cozy; it was low-key yet hip at the same time.  Because it's completely blocked from the outside, you kind of lose sense of the time of day, which I kind of liked.  I feel it helped with keeping our focus on the food and experience.
Unfortunately it's been too long since my visit, so I cannot recall all that we ate.  However, everything was delicious, and the dessert was also amazing.  The service was also very good, as I'd expect at a place like this.  The best servers are attentive yet non-intrusive -- it's actually quite an art.
I am sorry I have not made it back, but it's certainly a goal of mine to do so soon.Came here for dinner during my 1 day philly roadtrip and we were not disappointed.  You will easily miss this restaurant if you are not purposely looking for it as the outside is just a steel wall with no window to look into the restaurant, but once you walk in, the restaurant is pretty impressive with a modern industrial vibe and the whole menu and wine list written on the wall all around the inside.
We were seated at a 2 seater right by the open kitchen so it was very interesting to see the team work.  I am a big fan of those cooking competition shows so when i saw the chef called out our order and the team immediately went to cook the magic, and seeing the main chef tasting all the dishes, i was instantly excited for what to come!
Our server recommended 2-3 dishes per person to share so we ordered 5 dishes, but we were so full by the 4th dish that I think 4 plates for 2 people are enough.. We started with the raw scallop, korean fried chicken wings and an egg custard with mushroom and pickled jalepeno special.  The plating of the raw scallop was simply beautiful with the white and green sauce, the color was so vibrant and the taste was amazing too, i never had raw scallop before and these were really sweet and fresh.  The fried chicken tasted just like those i get from korean places but the star is the egg custard special! The sourness of the pickled jalapeno and the creaminess of the egg and mushroom blended so well together, I never had that kind of flavor combination before, I was impressed!
Main entree we got the duck breast and the pork belly.  Both were very good but I was so full I could only eat a bite of the pork belly.  i strongly recommend getting the orange creamsicle dessert to share as it was very refreshing and light, especially after a heavy meal.  Also make sure you get the Sparkling cocktail, its with gin, sparkling wine, fig and edenflower and its very refreshing and gave me the right amount of buzz too.
Overall really good restaurant with some interesting food and attentive service.  I will definitely be back, one critique is that I feel they have way too many people working there, most of them just stood around and chit chat and we had multiple people stopped by asking us how was the food after every single plate and we had to constantly stop our conversation to tell them the food is great.  I appreciate the attentiveness but maybe better to tone down a notch? Other than that I really like this restaurant and highly recommend!Is this our first 5 star? We really liked everything about this place. Our waiter was great. Rich was his name , I think. But actually everyone was super.  The ambiance was very cool.  My wife especially likes sitting kitchen side. There are about 20 seats available with that front row view. Wine, drink, and beer selection had something different to offer, and our server was knowledgeable and helpful. As we often do, we tried several small plates instead of ordering any of the full meals.  The spacing of the delivery was perfect. We've had more than a few places that just dump several items down at once. The food? Well, we started with the tartar and then followed with the Ravoli and the Cavatelli. The Ravoli was the clear winner of the two of those, but both were good. Then we had the  Pho sandwich.  I wish I worked in town.  That Pho sandwich would be a great special lunch treat. When the bill came i wasn't disappointed. Great dining experience. We will be back for sure.
FYI ... They have valet which I think is new. We didn't use it, but the staff asked if we had a couple times to see if they could help as the meal was winding down. Nice touch.I had heard the hype and was able to secure a Saturday night reservation just before the Inquirer's review.
The interior decor is very impressive.  You walk in from a pretty bleak block (6th & South) and are wowed by what they've done with the inside.  It was pretty crowded when we arrived, but the hostess was very accommodating with menus and drink orders.
Onto the food...we ordered the lettuce salad, scallops, duck leg, ravioli, trout, and wagyu.  Each plate was a work of art and you could tell lots of thought was put into the presentation.  I particularly enjoyed the duck leg and wagyu.
Overall I was very pleased.  The portions were a bit small as I found myself wishing there was a little more to each dish.  Like many Starr restaraunts, it was a bit expensive, but you're not just paying for the food, but for the overall "experience".We set at the counter which I highly recommends as it made the dinner to be so much more interesting. The food was good but the service was excellent! Favorit dish was the short rib (really delicious, melt in your mouth) , less favorable was the risotto, which was very watery and felt more like an oatmeal than risotto.This is sooooooo close to being a truly fantastic restaurant.    First the good:
Most of the food is absolutely amazing.   The ravioli and the hand torn pasta are spectacular.   Seriously.   The wagyu and deep fried duck were also pretty great.   I wasn't crazy about the shaved pigs head but others loved it so it's just preference I guess.   
The not so great part is that although the kitchen is awesome to watch, sometimes you see something that you don't want to see.    Like the guy who spent way too much time snacking on some sort of chip thing that he poured out of Tupperware onto a cookie sheet.   I get that cooks need to taste their food but this was just snacking.  And by snacking I mean shoving them into his face with his fingers and then sorting through the chip things with those same fingers before picking out another one.   (Were they dried apples?   I think they were dried apples).   Anyway it was maybe gross and definitely distracting.Great service, food and drinks. Cute small restaurant located in the midst of funky South Street. Dishes are edgy with different twists on the ingredients. The cocktails are delicious.   
The menu is quite mixed, blending ingredients from a variety of ethnic cuisines.  I liked the shellfish stew, which has a light tasting stock but still embodies lots of depth. Other dishes were mixed, since some were too salty or bland.  I recommend sharing dishes so you can try different ones - and maybe you will find that delicious dish that matches your palate for the day (without going over budget).
I would recommend the chef to introduce a revolving menu - and keep the unique dishes that everyone loves.  It's good to take risks with recipes, but without a theme (like Sampan or Vernick, or Double Knot), it could be challenging to retain a loyal fan base.This is an excellent restaurant. The next time I am tempted to go to The Inn at Little Washington, I'll drive north and come here instead. The service was superb; attentive, knowledgeable, unfussy. We ordered everything on the menu save for three dishes. To a one they were distinctive, bold in the disposition of ingredients, textures. The duck mole for two was simply lovely; so too the enoki mushrooms. The pea soup...we should have had it for desert. And that whipped butter at the beginning caused friends to use their elbows. Given what one pays for that crazy additional increment at a place like True, The Inn, etc., I am happier to plunk down here for the unhurried, fully assured offerings of a great restaurant and staff.There isn't much to say other than this place is awesome. From the second I walked into serpico I knew I was about to have a great dinner. We sat at the chefs kitchen and we were able to watch all of the food being prepared. I have never seen a kitchen so clean in my entire life. This is one of my favorite restaurants and I will be backWent here for NYE. 
Overall delicious food and excellent service, although prices are definitely steep.
They recommend ordering 2-3 dishes per person but we ordered a total of 4 and were full.
Shared the beet salad, which was my favorite dish of the night! Delightful medley of beets, radish, nuts, goat cheese, citrus. Definitely a great way to start a dinner.
Also shared the artichoke soup, which they advertise as being shareable but portion was a little on the small side. Very delicious and savory! With chunks of chestnuts. Perfect for a cold wintry night.
Next we got the fried cauliflower. Definitely pricey, as it's 4 small pieces of cauliflower for $20. Each small piece of cauliflower had some shrimp sandwiched in and the dish was drenched in this amazing lemony creamy sauce that I sopped up.
For main entree we shared the short rib dish, which I ordered due to reading other Yelpers' rave review of it. The meat is sous vide for 48 hours and the results show--very tender, succulent rib. Sauce was tasty and the broccoli that came with it was nicely charred. Could have used more potatoes in the dish.
Finally, ended our NYE meal with the yuzu semifreddo, which is a citrusy frozen mousse dish. Light, refreshing, and tangy! My husband loved it.
Excellent 5-star service too.Mediocre. Was super excited after rave reviews and rankings on top lists, but pretty disappointed. Great atmosphere and VERY friendly host, but I found famed wings dry and while spicy, not actually that flavorful. Duck liver mousse was also fine, but lacked flavor punch.I had high hopes for this place given all of the good reviews but the entire experience was mediocre.  
The high points include the ambiance and cocktails.  The inside is small, but it is clean and simple.  Very personal with comfy private booths.  The cocktails were good as far as I could tell - I had the Aviation which was floral and not too sweet.  My partner had the Fall Guy which was made with rye whiskey and tasted smokey.
For appetizers we had the raw fluke, sliced pigs head, and fried duck.  The raw fluke was great - very light and carefully crafted, each piece was individually topped with some sort of cream and vegetable.  The pigs head was meh - too fatty.  The fried duck was good but nothing special.  My partner and family liked it much more than I did - the pickled vegetables it came with were delicious and the hot sauce on the side was good too.
For entrees we had the lambs ribs and waygu.  The lamb ribs were too fatty and not very flavorful - the scallions on the side were very good though.  It came with this weird cold eggplant topped with cream - I usually love eggplant but this was just strange and mushy.  The waygu was fine, cooked perfectly and the potatoes that came with it were awesome - almost like tater tots, I could eat them all day.  
We got the goat cheese sorbet and apple cake for dessert - both fine, nothing special. 
I would give this place 3 stars but it was more expensive for what it is worth and the service was less than stellar for the price.  If you want this type of cuisine for this price, go to Vernick.Hmm. I feel bad giving 3 stars since the service is AMAZING, but the food is just eh. It presented lovely and we wanted to love it, but...
We had the scallops appt - which were done very well, but nothing really special.. the sauce was not incredibly good, just okay. presented beautifully though.
Then we had the hand turn pasta.. this dish is delicious. I could eat 2 bowl myself.
Then we had the duck dish.. not good. came cold at first, was replaced and still.. sauce was not good. there was something sour and just not tasty. but again - looked amazing. Then we had the deep fried duck - was okay - a sandwich..
Dessert was very very tasty - we had the toasted apple dessert. 
I don't know.. I wont go again, but def worth a try.We've been to Serpico several times for the regular menu (always amazing), but this weekend we stopped in for the tasting menu on a whim ($95 per person for 11 dishes). We sat at the chef's counter and watched the kitchen staff execute dish after dish with poise and precision. My favorite dishes were the egg custard with caviar (warm, savory, salty; perfect for a cold winter evening) and the shaved frozen foie gras with peanut brittle (delicate and rich; a cold savory dish that could have passed as a dessert). I also really loved the cumin lamb rib with smoked eggplant and yogurt. This item was one of my original favorites; it used to be served as a much larger portion meant for two, but I'm still glad to see it on the tasting menu even in a scaled down form. 
Overall, eating at Serpico is an excellent experience. I love the ambiance, the service, and of course, the food. That said, $95 was a bit steep for the tasting menu, and we were really hoping to see more hearty proteins in the line up (the duck breast from the regular menu looked amazing, as did the venison special). I'm glad we did the tasting menu once, but we'll probably go à la carte next time.Since I cant give a 4.5, and I feel like 4 wouldnt be fair, i have to give 5 stars.
Made a reservation a few months ago for a saturday at 730.  Restaurant called afternoon of reservation to confirm.  Got there early, but seats at chefs counter were open.
Menu was a nice blend of seafood, salads, and meats.  I went with the ceviche special, steak tartare, and short ribs, and my friend got the raw diver scallops, a mushroom dish, and lamb.
We did a mix and match, so each tasted everything.  It was all fantastic and i had honestly no negatives at all.  Service was OK, did take more time than expected to get drinks, but it wasnt horrible.  
Overall feel of the place was great, and I would def return again or advise people to go!I liked the concept of this restaurant because it was Open Kitchen. We got the korean chicken wings (which I wasn't crazy about). The deep fried Duck leg was my favorite - perfectly made and sauces go so well with it. We also really enjoyed the corn ravioli- interesting flavors!Def one of the best meals I've ever eaten. Small plate concept, which is great so you can try a bunch of different stuff. Between my wife and I we ordered 5 plates and it was just the right amount. I can't choose which was my favorite bc I loved them all so much. So I'd recommend everything I had: scallops, king crab ramen, lamb chop, deep fried duck leg, and lamb bacon. Service, drinks, and atmosphere were all awesome as well.My husband and I decided to celebrate our 2 year anniversary here. We arrived about 15 minutes earlier than our reservation, but we were seated immediately. We had a nice booth by the bar. The atmosphere are quiet and romantic. Our waiter was extremely friendly and attentive. He wished us a happy anniversary a few times throughout the night and put candles on our desserts. 
The menu was divided into 3 sections - appetizer (small dishes), first course (medium dishes), and second course (large dishes). The dishes were meant to be shared. Our waiter said that people who ordered one from each section per person will end up with way too much food. He said that a light meal for 2 would be 1 dish from each of the three sections to share. My husband and I were average in hunger so we decided to order 2 first courses and 1 second course, since we wanted to try their desserts too. For the first courses, we order the Mom's Mac & Cheese and Chicken and Snail Lasagna. The mac & cheese was delicious and the lasagna was good. I didn't really taste the chicken and snail. It was mostly pesto. Both plates of food were extremely small. They were normal appetizer portions. It made me wonder if these were the medium plates, how tiny were the appetizers...
For the 2nd course, we got the Beef Short Ribs. This was very good except once again the portions were extremely tiny. This entrée consisted of three small pieces of short ribs, four pieces broccoli, and three bite sized fried potatoes. Each piece of short ribs was about two bites. According to the waiter, this was a large entrée. I guess he doesn't eat much. I must say the short ribs were cooked perfectly. It definitely let me wanting more because it was delicious and I only had two bites of short ribs, since I let my husband have two pieces of short ribs.
For dessert, we ordered the Toasted Apple Cake and Stuffed Puff Pastry. I really liked the Stuffed Puff Pastry. The Toasted Apple Cake had too much cinnamon for me. My husband thought the desserts were too sweet. However, we were pleasantly surprised at the large portions. Both desserts were larger than any of the previous plates of food.
Our final bill was about $150 which isn't bad for a nice restaurant. However, considering we both left still hungry, we were a bit disappointed. We would go here again for a special occasion, but we would definitely have to order more food next time.We stopped by Serpico for an early dinner on NYE. I assumed the place would be good, but I didn't expect to live up to the hype. It didn't just live up to it, it exceeded it.  Overall, a fantastic meal with great service and ambiance.This meal deserved a nice long slow clap to Peter Serpico. Delicioussss.
Seriously, this place was great from walking in to walking out. The vibe of the whole place was relaxed, cool and yet upscale feeling. I totally love the open kitchen and chalkboard walls covered with the menu items for the night. Nice touch! The service was also excellent from being greeted at the door, to the bartenders to our servers, to Peter Serpico himself delivering one of our dishes!
On to the food.. 
The highlights: Raw diver scallops with buttermilk and poppyseed. I mean, this dish was excellent. Melt in your mouth heaven. Perfect start. 
Egg custard and cavier. I feel like this one is self explanatory. Decadent, smooth and comforting. Yum. 
The deep fried duck leg. WOW. I will always order this when I come back. Crispy, sweet, juicy and salty awesomeness in a delicious little bun. 
Corn ravioli....this was cooked perfectly. The creamy sweetness of the corn worked great with the chorizo!
Caper Brined Trout. I actually loved this and I am not a trout fan. The fishiness of the trout worked awesomely with the capers and roe beautifully placed on top!
Then, there was the duck breast. Duck breast is absolutely one of my favorite foods and this one was cooked to perfection. So tender, crispy on the outside and had a lovely sweetness to it. 
The not so highlights...though still tasty: 
Duck liver mousse. One might call me a duck liver mouse aficionado and this one was good, not great. The pomegranate wasn't sweet enough in my opinion to balance the mousse. 
Hand torn pasta with snail sausage. Now, the pasta was great and I liked this dish a lot. I just felt that the "snail sausage" didn't work. It was a little dryer than I wanted. I think it would have been better with just snails all over.
By the end of this meal, I was happy, stuffed and already thinking about my next visit. Yes, it was a bit expensive but yes, the dishes were worth it in my opinion. With some time, I think Serpico has the potential to be one of the best restaurants in town!First date night dinner away since having the baby. Didn't know what to expect but was told by a friend that we were in for a treat. indeed it was!
We ordered a bunch of items but the two items that stuck out were the duck leg and the fluke.  I dream about the deep fried duck leg. I want to go back to get 4 orders of them and that's it! I would be totally satisfied with just that! Yum yum, so good so good. As for the fluke, it was light and fresh. Was a great start to our meal and transition to the duck. OMG duck. I want.
Service - It started off a bit rough. We had a waiter that was all over the place. I dont know if he was new or if he was just flustered that night but he was a mess. We waited a bit after he gave us our menu to order and when he finally came back, he ask... Do you have any questions about the menu? To that we responded "Yes, we actually do". He then goes, "Hold on." Walks away and attends to other guests. Ummm... what was that??? I felt like I was pushed aside for someone else. So sad. I was about to just get up and leave BUT the other restaurant employees (manager maybe? and a few others) came by and redeemed themselves. 
The rest of dinner was wonderful and I was happy I got to enjoy my night with my love.I absolutely love this restaurant. The food is sadly quite expensive, so make sure you come with a group so that you can get as many tastes as possible while not breaking the wallet. Honestly, everything is so very delicious, and the service is perfectly fine as well. I would strongly recommend this place!Excellent dinner experience in every sense:
Food, ambiance, drinks, service-- top notch! 
Definitely one of the top on my list of dining experiences in Philly.
Ambiance is trendy/modern/clean without being obnoxious, love the open kitchen.
Highly recommended dishes: 
egg custard with the caviar- most unique and delectable thing i've eaten in a while! 
dashi soup- light, but with so much flavor
caper trout- what can i say i love capers
The foie dessert (play on a PB&J?) was also delicious, a playful use of flavor, texture and temperature
Great for a fancy date night or even with a small party.
Can't wait to go back.Really enjoyed the raw scallops, Mac n cheese, and short ribs. The desserts were fantastic.  Everything was presented nicely.  Cool space in a somewhat sketchy street in Philly.The duck breast...amazing. Had the special of the night which was the soft crab hand roll...amazing. because we sat at the chef's counter, the guy in front of us was in charge of the hand rolls and we saw it made from beginning till end. This place's forte is definitely its interesting play on meat. Dessert's good but the meat dishes definitely steal the show.Went here for a work dinner.  It was ok.  The artichoke soup was terrific.  The salmon tasted good but it was really rich.  Atmosphere and restaurant were good.  I think it was an good experience but it was pretty pricey.Loved this place. Reminds me of vernick. Although the outside doesn't look very welcoming the inside has a really nice setup. The kitchen is out in the open and we got a seat at the counter where we could watch the chefs at work which was really nice. We got the corn soup, the egg custard, and short ribs with broccoli. Although everything was delicious my favorite was the egg custard. Something really different with so many flavors and textures. I would say it's like a savory flan with crab and different ingredients.I've eaten here three or four times, and this is as good as it gets in Philly in my opinion. Everything is on the money: the food, the atmosphere, the service. After paying for wine etc., it ain't cheap, but I don't regret it one bit. Order from the left side of the menu so that you can try as many different things as possible. If you enjoy watching the cooks work (I do), sitting at the kitchen bar is fun.I have dined three times at Serpico since it opened almost 2 years ago, and each dinner has been outstanding.  Love the creativity and wonderful flavors of everything on the menu. In fact I ate almost everything on the menu on my most recent visit last week! Highly recommend the Chef's Tasting Menu! Service is very friendly and attentive. Dinner at Serpico is my #1 reason for return visits to Philadelphia.Great service and innovative meals.  Fairly small portions and a bit pricey.Underwhelming in every respect. Mediocre service, food, and decor. Impressive open kitchen with many "chefs" . Expensive, but not worth it. We ended up tossing the leftovers. Surprised it has received good reviews in local magazine's. Not a restaurant I would go to again.I went here with my husband for our anniversary. Really enjoyed the food. The dishes were unique and tasty. We ordered the tasting menu but kinda wished we got individual dishes instead bc we were both still a little hungry after the tasting menu. My husband actually ended up ordering a second dessert. Service was great and the atmosphere was laid back. I would definitely go back.Visited Serpico for the first time this evening.  Decided on the a la carte option over the tasting menu for this visit.  The restaurant is a pretty cool space, and the kitchen is very unique in that it sits open on three sides, and features 18 seats for diners to watch as the restaurant's meals are prepared.  This is one of the largest kitchen counters I've seen in quite awhile, and is really very cool.  
I started with a special they had; kampachi tartare.  The fish was very nicely seasoned in a light mayonnaise, and was a great starter.  It was accompanied only by some toast squares; I thought some finishing oil or a sauce might have been a nice touch, but it was still a great dish.  Some others at the table had the egg custard with caviar, which was very good though a little on the thin side.  The lettuce salad was outstanding, as was another special, the lobster terrine with parsnip and duck fat.  
My second course was the oxtail soup,which was a delicate broth with what I believe was daikon radish slices, bean sprouts, some greens, and some glutinous rice cake slices, which were a great textural addition.  The oxtail was tender and outstanding.  
My third dish was the deep-fried duck leg.  This is deep fried boneless duck leg, hoisin sauce, cucumber, on a potato roll with sriracha on the side.  A nice variation on steamed pork buns.  Others at my table got the corn ravioli (think polenta), the cured trout which sat atop a crab-based sauce with crab and cubed potatoes, finished with caviar, and the short ribs which were very heavy (and a huge portion) with a mildly spicy sauce, fried hash brown potatoes, and broccoli.  The short ribs weren't quite as tender as I'd like, but still very good.  The entree portions are decent sized, as are the appetizers.  I'd recommend an appetizer or two and an entree, or three appetizers as I did.  
We opted for the veggie plate for the table, which was a very large plate of cauliflower, onions, mushrooms, and root vegetables with a lemon puree on the bottom.  This was not to anyone's liking, and we actually sent it back.  It was very heavy, saturated with oil, and not very flavorful overall.  I know others have written positively of this dish, but none of us cared for it.   
For dessert, I got the only tea they serve:  Japanese Green Matcha, which is the very traditional powder green tea, prepared with a bamboo whisk tableside, and served in a bowl.  We had the rocky road dessert, which was just OK, and the apple crisp cake which was very good.  
Overall, the service was attentive and more than adequate, if not just a tad pretentious.  They have no coat check, but rather a communal coat area with hooks.  Unfortunately, it's not in view of the restaurant, and someone left with my hat.  
We'll definitely be back; though I don't think it was the top-notch experience that most reviewers seem to have enjoyed, the preparations were very good and it's certainly a unique setting with unique menu options.  I'm looking forward to see what Chef Serpico has in store for the spring menu.We were lucky enough to eat here in the first week or so that the restaurant opened. The food, as others have sad, was amazing, and the brined trout was one of the best plates of food I've eaten in my life. The service was excellent, and I loved the fact that someone from the kitchen brought out the food and presented it to the table. I'm already looking forward to a return trip...AMAZING!! The server was extremely friendly and very attentive. Food was great and the ambiance was cozy. I recommend sitting at the chefs table for a full view of the kitchen in action!I'm not a huge fan of the "open kitchen" kind of atmosphere but that is the only negative comment I have one my dining experience.  I must say that everything was exquisite.  The servers were highly attentive; the food was decadent; the drinks were tasty.
I went with my girlfriend and we shared the Lamb Ribs for 2.  Get this menu item!!  Seriously to die for.  Yes, it was a little pricey, especially if u start buying alcoholic beverages, but it is worth going for the food.  Definitely a good place for those paranoid about what the kitchen staff are doing behind the scene!My husband and I were really looking forward to trying Serpico after we heard it opened over on South Street. The concept seemed cool, and the food looked unique. We were able to snag a mid-week reservation for my birthday dinner, and the restaurant was pretty crowded for a Wednesday night. It's not that big inside, so the small table we were sat at was in such close proximity to the next table that we could all hear each other's conversations.
The open kitchen concept is unique, however, we didn't have a great view from our table. I noticed they have bar-style seating for those who want to look in on the kitchen which is cool and I might try that in the future. The decor is trendy: chalkboard-painted walls, dark colors and low lighting.
Our waiter recommended 5-6 dishes to share. We ordered:
(as "appetizers")
- Marketplace Ceviche
- Raw Fluke
- Raw Diver Scallops
- Shaved pig's head (that night's special)
(as "mains")
- Deep Fried Duck Leg
- Hand Torn Pasta
- Corn Ravioli
Our waiter advised us that the first three (fish based) dishes we ordered were extremely small and that we might want to order some of the more heartier items, but we love fish so we stuck with what we had. The scallops and the fluke were our favorite of the appetizer dishes. However, the waiter certainly wasn't kidding when he said they were SMALL. Each plate, when split between two people, allowed for 2-3 bites each - really only just a taste. We were prepared for that to be the case so it wasn't disappointing. The mix of flavors was very good and really whet our palates. The pig's head was only okay. It kind of tasted like pancetta and was topped with cheese. 
We enjoyed all of the main dishes, but our favorite overall was the deep fried duck leg. Again, it was very small, and I probably could have easily eaten one of these by myself. It was served almost like a hot dog in a potato bun with a spicy sriracha ketchup. The hand torn pasta was good, but I expected something more. The crispy fried chicken skin in the pasta looked intriguing on the menu, but in reality I don't think it added anything to the dish. 
We were still hungry so we ordered one more dish - the corn ravioli - which was very rich and filling. 
For dessert, we ordered the Rocky Road. To be honest, it didn't really stand out or seem that special to me. I would try something else next time.
Overall, we had a good experience and I am glad that we got to try it although I wouldn't necessarily rank it on my top-ten list of favorite restaurants in Philly. I would still recommend others to give it a try, at least once.Serpico single-handedly restored my faith in creative, high-end restaurants.  The best dishes (e.g. the trout) we ordered weren't simply "tasty" or "interesting", but actually revelatory -- I never would have thought of some of the flavor / texture combinations, but they all worked wonderfully. Even the more ordinary items (e.g. the duck) were uniformly well-prepared.  Further, Serpico is more vegetarian-friendly than it would appear from the menu.
Service was excellent; among other things, our server was very careful about food allergies.Great spot along South Street for drinks; hand crafted cocktails that taste great. Try the aviation!Was here in Dec 2015 and was amazed. Recently visited again in Jul 2018. Food didn't taste as good, not even in the slightest. The lamb entree tasted like a $5 New York gyro.Once you find it it has great ambiance.? Unfortunately it's not in the best location on South Street. If you are not into heavy meals this the place. Some people might finding the serving sizes on the small side. The menu is seasonal so it will vary depending on the calendar. It also limits the choices. You can sit at table facing the open kitchen if you desire. 
My guest ordered the rocky road dessert which was quite unusual.I came here with my boyfriend for our anniversary and we did the tasting menu.  We were seated at the bar and enjoyed watching the food being prepared. Every course was absolutely delicious and the service was great - really nice and funny staff.  We have been getting  a little tired of the Philly restaurant scene lately but we're really enjoying our meal here...
... Until they started cleaning the kitchen half way through our tasting!  To be fair, we started dinner at 9:00 and the tasting takes 2 hours.  I understand that the staff wanted to go home, but the smell of disinfectant really took away from the taste of the food.  Not to mention the clear bucket of dirty soapy water with a sponge floating in it which was right in front of me... Really unappetizing.  It took away from the experience and made us feel rushed and awkward.  Our dessert courses were plated next to an 6 pack of miller lite that the chefs had started drinking as they were closing.  It's not often that we drop $300 for dinner, so I just wish they made it feel a little more special.  I know the staff work hard and want to get on with their night, but don't seat people that late for a tasting if closing happens so early.  If we had known what time they needed to close we would have just ordered off of the regular menu.
Anyway, we will probably be back for the great food- it really was amazing and the chefs are super talented - but we won't be sitting at the bar if we come for a late dinner!!My boyfriend and I stopped in yesterday for a quick drink and had such an amazing experience. The bartender Josh was perfect. Made outstanding unforgettable cocktails and provided great conversation. We woke up this morning talking about how great the place and experience was as a whole. Korean wings were awesome too- sesame seeds and kimchi. We tried every cocktail except for the mezcal and they were all insane, I literally can't say which one was my favorite. There's nothing like awesome service to back up an already reputable establishment!Excellent place to go for good food,  a date, or just a place to experiment with.  The place was a real treat was had a good selection of dishes to choose from.  One thing I would not suggest was the duck breast.  My date for the night received that and I noticed how small it was while costing the same as my seafood dish.  Good ambience of the place.  Is on the darker side but still had a good lively atmosphere.  I will be visiting this venue again.Avoid. Food was so over seasoned that we couldn't finish 4 of 5 dishes. The other one was just bad.What to say about Serpico? Hands down, this was the most creative meal I have ever eaten. You'll find things at Serpico that you won't be able to find elsewhere in this city, and thus you'll be fantasizing about the next time that you'll get to go and eat there. 
Since we were there for a special birthday dinner (celebrating moi) we decided to go balls to the wall and order almost everything on the menu. Not really, but we ordered a lot of food -- and left in pure food-coma blissfulness. 
Upon first entrance it's a dimly lit room, the walls are decked out in subway tiles and giant chalkboards filled with beautifully written menus. We took a seat at the chef's counter so we could be on the front lines of all the happenings in the kitchen.
We ordered the duck liver mousse, chilled dashi soup, deep fried duck leg, sliced pig head, corn ravioli, lamb ribs for two, and the brown butter apple cake for dessert. 
My favorite items were the fried duck leg, the corn ravioli, and the lamb ribs which were unbelievably rich and flavorful. So much of the food was unlike anything I ever have tasted before (especially the dashi soup with mustard oil). It was a real culinary treat! 
I highly recommend you put it on your list of places to try. It's perfect for a date night or even just appetizers and drinks if you're trying to watch your wallet.Great place to have a nice quiet date. We sat at the chefs bar and got to enjoy watching our food being prepared in front of us and I highly recommend the scallops you won't be disappointed.Food is great. Innovative and full of flavor. However, the service is so lame. The Russian look waitress kept pushing us to order more. We know our appetite okay? And we will order if we needed. After we told her we will decide later, she kept giving us the pissed off look through the entire night, which really ruin the whole dining experience. Also, when we pointed the fly in the drink. Her reaction was did it just land in there?Excuse me? Is that important？She was also really rushed when taking all the plates. The price for the food is like one michelin restaurant in NYC, but that girl's service is such a joke.Phenomenal meal. We started with the raw diver scallops which had a subtle, light buttermilk citrus flavor. We also had the mushroom tartar which comes with small house made potato chips. While the scallops were good this dish was transcendent.  For our main dish we got a bone-in ribeye special meant for two. The dish came with whipped potatos, carrots in phyllo and beet marinated shallots. The meat was cooked perfectly and it was kind of cool to watch chef Serpico demonstrate the proper way to cook this size steak to the other chefs in the kitchen. The meat literally melted in your mouth and the sides were excellent especially the potatos which were very light but very flavorful. Cocktails were well crafted and my wife really enjoyed their gin drink- I forget what is called and had a sparkling rose as an after dinner drink. They have an excellent scotch selection and I just had to get an Oban. We split the apple cake which was really good and comes with a small scoop of vanilla ice cream. Our server was great-knowledgeable, friendly and attentive. The only knock would be the prices are a little steep but in my opinion worth every penny. Will definitely be back.I decided to review this restaurant in three section, decor & staff, food and experience. First decor & staff.
The decor is pretty cool with menus painted on the walls in a very hip atmosphere. The staff couldn't be nicer or more helpful. As it was our first time here, we needed their guidance thru their most interesting menu.  Also, since we were having varied items, we allowed our server to select the wine (Sorelle Palzzi, Toscana) which was a perfect choice.
The food, it was as good as expected. We started with the sliced farm pig head and the oxtail soup. The pig with the burnt onion mustard was wonderful, although my wife had a problem getting past the thought. The oxtail soup was terrific, I have alway wanted to try it and am glad I did. Next we had the egg custard and caviar. I think that this was my wife's favorite. This dish was definitely a party in your mouth. Next the Cope's corn ravioli... Wow, excellent! And finally the lamb ribs for 2. These literally melted in your mouth. Also an excellent choice.  The food was great and and we can't wait to return to try the remainder of the menu. 
Now for the experience.  All in all it was a delightful experience.  We did sit at the chef's counter and I must say, it wasn't all that special. Since a lot of the ingredients were preped ahead of time watching everyone pulling out plastic containers and assembling the dishes got boring and I would have rather sat at a table and looked at my wife. Serpico worked along with his staff all night. 
All in all, the restaurant was well worth the month ahead reservation. I would definitely return and would highly recommend it.My kinda place! Great food, great vegetarian options and beautiful ambiance on a funky and eccentric street. Amazing and tasty meals that still make my mouth water when I think about them :-)Everything was stellar. Fried duck leg sandwich is a must order. I could have eaten 10 of those and left a happy man. I wanted to have a long term relationship with that sandwich. The corn ravioli was also very good. Entrees were the trout and pork shoulder (special). Both were excellent. The trout had so much crab meat and caviar on top of two hearty filets, damn good. The pork shoulder had crispy pork skin sprinkled throughout, love that.
Service was excellent. We sat at the bar overlooking the kitchen. Definitely try and grab those seats.Went in on a Sunday evening. Place had lots of people, but I just wanted a drink and a snack. The bar was weird. It didn't really seem like a bar but a table a bit too close to where the bartender stood. It took a while for them to take my order but the bartender was really nice. I got  decent gin drink, but it was overpriced at $14. I've had the same for $10-12 at other bars. I wanted a small snack but everything on the menu was pretty high priced. Nothing small and less expensive. In the end the drink was good but not for $20 I spent on the drink, tax and tip. Seems like more of an expensive dinner out spot than a place for drinks.This review is for the cocktails and front bar. There is a small table which seats about 5 in the front of the restaurant. My girlfriend and I went for drinks and really enjoyed them. The bartender knew so much about the drinks, walked us through our options, which made it more enjoyable. Haven't tried the food yet but the place was packed. Will definitely be back!Awesome meal, awesome decor, awesome drinks.
Do the tasting menu, don't even think about it.
Great restaurant and great experience.
Pro tip:  they are also BYOB even though they have a full bar.Great food, no question. From the corn ravioli to the pork bellies. However, VERY disappointed in being rushed through the meal even though we requested they slow down. Dining at a place like this you should savior each moment, not have to eat and get the bums  rush in less than. One hour. If your going to be at the top of the culinary world , you have to consider the entire experience, not just fast food.....oh, and note to the bartender, a $15 glass of wine should be 5 ounces, not 2.Went there with a group of 4. Ordered about two courses each as suggested. Appetizers / Small Entrees came out after 15 minutes. Our main entrees came out a hour and a half later. The food we ate initially was excellent and we were happy, but that delay was completely unacceptable and ruined our meal to the point where one of our members canceled their entree after waiting a hour and five minutes. Wait staff offered no apologies and no explanations. For how much we paid, it was the worst dining experience I've ever had.
I have warned all my friends never to go here unless they get it together.
Edit: A general manager of Serpico reached out to me about my experience which I really appreciated. I've bumped up my rating accordingly and will update if / when I visit again.Great dining experience!  A bit different then what I was use to because we were set at the counter facing the open kitchen.  Pretty cool and different to watch all the chefs work.  The food was great I would say slight Asian fusion.  
What made the experience even better is without prompting we were looking at wine list for a nice bottle the manager came to our aid and even after we selected a bottle he gave us a sample of one of his favorites.  
I was very pleased with the food also.  Everything was very fresh.  I am looking forward to going back and trying more items.Went to Serpico last night (first time) for their Valentine's Dinner Special. It was a 7 course tasting dinner. I am a very picky eater, and I have never been so satisfied with a dinner. Their meals were classy, simple, and simply beautifully put together. We sat at the bar area that is in front of the open kitchen-so interesting to watch Chef Serpico and others work together to make the dinner. I know I will be back in the near future. I recommend EVERYONE to dine at Serpico and experience what excellent food really tastes like.I had an amazing meal at Serpico! 
The atmosphere was classy yet casual. I like that the kitchen is open, and that you can sit at the counter. I recommend sitting at the counter, similar to a sushi restaurant layout, so that you can watch the chefs work and ask questions about the food! Service was impeccable, and everyone was so attentive to detail. Every time a napkin was dropped, they would hand over a new one before we even noticed it fell! 
We started off with the raw fluke, which was delicious! I loved the sauce/broth that in came in (even started scooping some up with my spoon, real classy I know). We also enjoyed the king crab ramen, which was cooked perfectly. The snail and chicken lasagna was definitely innovative, delicious and not overwhelmingly one or the other. We loved the duck breasts (but then again, I just love duck in general). We also tried the poached halibut, which was also in a very savory yet light broth (overall a light dish, which was needed among all the dishes we ordered). Their 4oz shrimp was also super impressive! It tasted and looked just like a small lobster--it was huge! Lastly, we tried the rocky road and creamsicle for dessert. Rocky road was frozen chocolate pudding over toasted marshmallow with candied walnuts. It was decadent and glorious! My husband insisted on getting the creamsicle, which I was skeptical about. However, it was actually surprisingly delicious because it was a semifreddo dessert (kind of like a frozen mousse) with super light whipped cream on top and orange zest. 
It was one of the best meals I've had in a while, and I would definitely go back!Hmmmm -  This is a tough one to write.  We so much wanted to love this place since we have heard so many great things about it but I am sorry to say we did not love it.  
We do not consider ourselves food snobs but we do think we are foodies.
The decor is simple with a taste of class.  Casual yet comfortable.  Not your typical Starr restaurant .  It seemed very relaxed and no one tried to "up sell" as they do in so many of his places.  
We ordered the scallops and the duck liver for an appetizer and they were both incredible.  There were three of us dinning. Two of us decided to share the Rib-eye which is listed on the menu without a price - We inquired and they said all they had was a 37oz cut and it was $72. This was fine and we placed our order along with the Duck Breast and the seasonal vegetables.  After 30 minutes they came and apologized that the meat was taking longer than expected and it would be out shortly. 
Then one of the chef's came out from the kitchen and offered us an additional appetizer and said the meat was still cooking and would be a little longer.  
After almost 90 minutes we got our meat -  We said to the manager at his point had we been told it would have taken this long we would have not ordered it.  Now the best part - it had to go back to the kitchen because it was not cooked they way we ordered it.  A few minutes later we got the meat back and it was fine.  Oh and yes the Duck Breast was enjoyed by the third person and the seasonal vegetables came out and were not hot - almost room temperature and some were cold.  We did not at want to send it back at his point we were so hungry - and get this the veggies were $21.
The manager was apologetic as was our waitress. Drinks were comped.   I am not sure what else cold have been done to compensate for the meal and the service from the kitchen but I have been to restaurants all over the world and when there is an issue like this the entire meal is comped.
Lesson learned -  Support the independent chef's and restaurant owners.I went to Serpico this past weekend for a celebration dinner with three others.  The first thing noticed was the restaurant itself.  It was a cool layout.  The open kitchen was a good touch and the bar by the front door was pretty cool.  The service from the beginning was top notch.  All of the food was delicious. We ordered the raw scallops, raw fluke, pigs head, fish tartare, and the deep fried duck breast.  All were enjoyed by the table.  The pigs head was a little out of my comfort zone but I liked the opportunity to try it.  For my meal I had the beef short rib.  It was cooked perfectly and delicious.  The rest of my group enjoyed their entrees.  Drinks and beer selections were limited but enough to compliment the menu.  I would recommend this place.delicious! the corn ravioli, vegetable dish, and kimchi tomato stew were all incredible, and plenty of food for three people. the goat cheese sorbet and rocky road pudding were okay but could have been skipped. service was good and good came out quickly for a busy night.I was really looking forward to trying this restaurant. It was an utter disappointment. I had the beef short ribs. The presentation was underwhelming and unimpressive. The brown sauce was thick, congealed and insanely salty to the point where it was inedible. I kept taking a bite thinking maybe it was just that piece...hoping it would get better. The highlight of the meal were the little "tator tot-like" potato things it came with and the miso butter that accompanied the bread.Enjoyed a wonderful experience 
My party of four all decided on the tasting menu. It was exceptional. 
Looking forward to heading back soon.Came here last night with my fiance and boyyy did they not disappoint! Great place for sharing and so glad we came here hungry, we were able to enjoy a variety of different dishes. The staff was informative and were knowledgable of all dishes when dropped off. Our server was great and checked on us just at the perfect times, not overbearing. 
We started with their special of the evening, Halibut and Scallop Ceviche, and on their menu the Sirloin Tataki. Our mid course was the Egg Custard in a delicious broth and a generous serving of crab meat and the Chicken and Snail Lasagna in a Hazelnut Pesto (YUM)! Our "entree" was the Porchetta, tender and flavorful meat and the skin was the perfect crisp. 
We sat next by the open kitchen and were able to see all the action. Seeing all the dishes being prepped and dishes going out made the food choice decisions tricky! 
A highly recommended date night!I'm not sure what's gone wrong here. New chef? Bored chef? Bad night? Whatever it is the past two visits were subpar. I'm afraid it'll be the last time we go unless I hear of a menu change/ new chef.We made this reservation a month ago, so a little thing like a snow storm was not going to make us miss dinner. I'm glad we braved the roads. This was our 3rd time and the food just keeps getting better.
We started with the shrimp and popcorn grits (i'm not sure what the actual name is).It was extremely good. I hope it's still on the menu the next time we go back. The hamachi/cobia tartare was outstanding. The raw fluke was light and flavorful.
The duck leg sandwich is still one of my favorite. I could eat a whole platter of them. We wanted the Korean Fried Chicken wings with Kimchi, which were the best I've ever had; but we knew how filling they were-so we ordered them to go. They made a great lunch the next day
We took the manager's suggestion and ordered the Venison which was served rare. It was so tender and delicious. There are no words to describe how amazing this was.The server explained that this was sustainably farm raised. There was no gamey taste that I've experienced previously at other restaurants. We ended the entrees with with the leg of lamb. This was very good and served with a portion of pureed potatoes; but nothing could be better than the Venison.
For dessert I had the "creamsicle";citrus semifreddo, cream, orange zest. It was the perfect ending to the meal, very light and flavorable. My husband had the rocky road; Chocolate,Chocolate and more Chocolate.
It was interesting seeing Peter Serpico overseeing the kitchen. The restaurant is beautiful and the service is friendly and professional.The servers were very patient answering all of my questions regarding the food preparation.  
I have never recommended any restaurant with more enthusiasm.Best food in town.   Atmosphere is great.   Got around 6 entrees between me and a friend.   Everything was delicious.  Service was perfect.   Love the vibe. Love everyone here.   South St needs more of this vibe and attention to detail.    Don't really talk about store fronts but I effing love the store front.   So minimal yet looks luxurious.