mmmm burgers and milkshakes.  
i love that you can sit outside.  i also love that the food is always piping hot and delicious. I love the creamy cheesesauce for the fries. i love that even when the line looks long, the wait is never really that long. i love the reclaimed bowling lanes that have been turned into tables. 
i dont love: 
hmm. drawing a blank.Tell Em, Sam!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ecc0nbg9m-8Solid burgers and shakes.  
Best fast food-esque burger in Philly, definitely better than five guys.
Only draw back is the price...where it will run you about 15 bucks for a small burger (1 patty), fries and a shake.  A bit too expensive for casual lunch outside of NY.
The price is even more offensive after you consider a double double animal style with fries and a shake from In & Out Burger in LA is only 8 dollars.First time at the Shake Shake on a Saturday night at 9:30. It was still bumpin'. The menu is pretty big and written on the wall... It was a little overwhelming as a first timer. I went with a simple vanilla shake and my wife got a 50/50--iced tea/lemonade. My friend got a PB shake and fries. You get a buzzer to alert you when your food is ready--great idea! We got our items very quickly, despite it being very busy. There are tables and a counter to sit at. It was very full so we sat at the counter. The fries are really good--so crispy. The shake was also awesome--perfect consistency. Can't wait to go back and have burgers and fries. I like that they have tons of bike racks and planters around the inside.My first visit to Shake Shack (not just the one in Philly but any Shake Shack anywhere) was a success overall.
The line moved very quickly considering it was dinner time on a Friday night. I wasn't even planning to order anything as I wasn't hungry, but wound up with a bacon cheeseburger and a side of ice cream. Go figure.
The burger was very good though not some blissful nirvana that all the hype would suggest. A better one can be had right across the street at Village Whiskey. The ice cream (which I got carded for LOL) was a beer-nut flavor. It was good, though everyone else said it tasted beery...I didn't notice that, which probably indicates the degree to which my taste buds have been trained to ignore the taste of alcohol. Oops.What can I say, it's the best fast food burger out there. They cook them perfectly and dress them very well. There's no grease running off of them like disgusting Five Guys or Smashburger. The fries are great too. Considering this place went from a tiny cart in NYC to locations worldwide in about a decade, I'd say they're onto something.It's a great fast food. The burgers and the lemonade are delicious. The only problem is that you leave the place smelling like smoke.If you are going here, I would definitely recommend the Shack stack burger. A beef burger with a veggie patty as well. The veggie patty consists of mushrooms stuffed with cheese. It is amazing. The fries however, are alright,they could use more cheese, and they were a bit salty. My husband got the double stack burger, and that was pretty salty as well.  The shakes are amazing though !Shake shack is ALWAYS delicious. I don't know who would give shake shack less than 5 stars. The staff is always friendly - every time I have a dog with me, someone brings out a water bowl without even asking - the service is quick, they have beer and wine!!! and the burgers are a revelation. The potato bun alone should win an award. Also, if you haven't had a peanut butter milkshake, you are missing out on life. Lastly... Not that I would ever choose this over the burger, but the buttermilk chicken sandwich is unreal. I tried it once and haven't stopped talking about it, but I can't stray from the original cheeseburger. Village whiskey is right across the street (also amazing) but I would still pick shake shack every. single. time. I'm obsessed.This was my first visit to Shake Shack. The burger, fries, and shake held up to the hype. I loved the bun which had a hint of sort of sweet Hawaiian taste to it. The only problem with this place is the price.Food was really good! But they should rethink how to give food to go. By the time I got home, everything was cold :-( but it was still surprisingly good. A little pricey, but definitely worth a bite. I love the fact that you can get a beer and enjoy some good food. The cheese fries are a must!Always love shake shack the place AC was kinda high considering it was raining outsideOver the course of the years, I have heard many things about the different Shake Shack's in NYC, yet never got around to trying them. Luckily, they decided to open one in Philly, so I could skip the trip up north.
There has been picture after picture online of people waiting in long lines to eat at the new Shake Shack in Philly. Apparently these were all for lunchtime, as when I went here for dinner, there were only 6-7 people in front of us.
There was a woman handing out menus (which seemed unnecessary with such a little amount of customers in the restaurant, and with the menu posted humongously on the wall).
Ordered a ShackBurger, Shack-cago Dog, fries, and a Peanut Butter milk shake (don't worry it was between two people)/
The burger comes on a potato bun, and I am not impressed with it at all. By far the worst part of the meal. If looking for a quick burger go to 500 degrees or Starr's Square Burger instead. It tastes ok, but is also super small.
The Shack-cago dog was much better, with the frankfurter having quite the snap to it, and covered in your typical Chicago-style hot dog toppings.
Fries were the thick crinkle cut, that look like they come from the Ore-Ida freezer section. Despite my prejudices for these type of fries, they were still rather tasty.
The star of the show was the Peanut Butter milkshake though. I would definitely come back here to sample some of their other frozen goods. They have quite the list going with delicious sounding mix-ins like Truffle cookie dough, and termini bros cannoli shells.This place is a dump, long lines, over priced food. I compare this restaurant to a modern McDonald's.Finally tried Shake Shack in Center City and absolutely loved it! Paid approximately $10 for a single SmokeShack burger and a side of fries, which is actually a lot less than some other chain burger places in Philadelphia. The burger was juicy and the sauce on it was delicious! Definitely going back soongreat place for quick, but not cheap taste- beer and fries (who doesnt like this combo?). usually crowded, and sometimes the wait is long. maybe hard to find you seat. but the tables and seats rotate pretty fast. burgers, fries, milkshake and beer, are all good. personal favorite is beer + cheese fries on a sunny day, at the outside seating area.Wow. Tough crowd for Shake Shack. It's been interesting reading the reviews because I feel like a lot of people are overly trashing this place because they've heard great things about it and it's been hyped up so much. I guess that's natural. Some place that is supposedly super awesome rolls into town. You're disappointed. So then you take them down a peg--maybe to balance out what you think are the insanely optimistic reviews? One reviewer even suggested that people like this place because they want to look cool. Huh? 
Anyway, I think the 1 and 2 stars are way off. I give it a 4. The quality of the meat is superb. It's well-flavored and juicy. The bun is soft (and is NOT like McDonald's, as another reviewer suggested). The burger itself is smaller than, say, Five Guys, but I think it's a reasonable size, and honestly, it would not hurt us if we ate regular-sized hamburgers. I can't say that I am a big fan of their fries, but at least they aren't super greasy. I can't give Shake Shack a 5 because I do think it's overpriced.
I like this better than Five Guys but not better than my ultimate fast food favorite, In 'N Out (just throwing this out as a point of reference for my west coast peeps).
The dining area is well maintained, especially given the number of people that go through there. Whether or not you think Shake Shack is worth the wait is up to you. You should at least give it a try when the line isn't too long. Personally, I won't get in line if it's way out the door. But if it's reasonably close to the door, count me in.A little over-hyped but the food was still solid. Went with the shackburger, shack-cago dog, and cheese fries. The desserts are pretty addicting as well - try the Center City Pretzel.Loved this place!!!  I visited Shake Shack for the first time yesterday and was not disappointed.  The Staff was very friendly.  I ordered a double shack burger and a strawberry shake.  The burger was the best that I have had in years.  It was grilled perfectly and tasted outstanding.  The shake was great also.  Considering that this is a high volume location, I was impressed with the cleanliness of the restaurant.  I will definitely be visiting this restaurant again as I am now a huge fan of Shake Shack.Great atmosphere and Burgers are OK, I think Five Guys has the tastiest in this category, the hot dog, however is awesome with the little crunchy fried shallots mmmmm. The drinks are all one size so :-/ especially a bummer that the milkshakes are $5 and only like 12 oz.! Rip offStopped in this afternoon for a caramel malted shake. Good shake, definitely made from dairy (not a shady fast food frosty concoction) and thick! Perfect size for a hot day. No it's not 24 oz, but I'm okay with that. Bigger isn't always better.I love the Shake Shack! I have been here several times. If you're looking for the best place in center city for a burger and cheese fries, then this is the place for you. The chicken sandwich is also very good and the shakes are satisfying. They can get pretty busy around lunch time but you can order on the app ahead of time.So, if you're in the mood for a burger and fries, this is a decent place to go.  Being from the west coast, I don't get the Shake Shack hype (In N Out is a million times better, in my opinion).  
The service is always great, everyone is always friendly and the food comes out pretty quickly.  
Overall, nothing special but not bad either.My boyfriend and I were both craving a burger after walking all over Philly in the cold.
I texted my sister asking her if there was any good places to eat since she attended college at U Penn. She recommended this place so we tried it.
We ordered 2 Single Patty Smoke Shack Burger, we added fries and tried a hot dog.
Everything was very tasty, the food came out efficient. The only problem was we weren't full after eating.
I do recommend this place but next time I'll order a double not a single.I've tried the 'shroom burger and cheese fries. I like the 'shroom burger.. The fries aren't really great.. The strawberry shake is yum!
I find it a little expensive.. $7.50 for 'shroom burger.. Another $5 for the shake.. $4.50 for the fries. $17 for lunch is a bit much..
Won't be frequently this place..Great burgers, amazing shakes and root beer, and beer selections from Victory. If you haven't been to shake shack, get there and get a double. There are no weak spots on the menu.Pretty good burgers from decently-treated cows. They don't offer gluten free buns (philadelphia can't seem to catch up with other major cities on this) but they do understand the gluten free allergy and will not only leave off the bun but alert the kitchen to keep the plate and burger free of gluten ingredients. Pretty cool. My friend loved her shake too. The burger was flavorful and juicy but a little too greasy. Still, I'd try it again.Eh, I guess it's ok. Burger was just so-so (I guess to compare with competitors, not as tasty as Five Guys). Fries were uninspiring at best (I would even venture to say "bad"). Didn't try the shakes. I have to wonder if this is what happens to a good place that expands (rapidly at that) and tries to keep up its original quality - you just can't do it.My friend and I sat right across Shake Shack while eating dinner, and really enjoyed observing the people moving slowly in line. It was so packed - wow.
After dinner, we finally decided to go in to get a shake of our own. We had a strawberry shake and a Rittenhouse^2 respectively, both of which were made with high quality ingredients and pretty good taste-wise. The Rittenhouse^2 had a little bit too many coffee beans (which overpowered even the sweetness of the frozen custard), and with 4+ dollars, it was pricier than your average frozen yogurt at a larger size and choice of toppings. As a dessert, it was great, but I was underwhelmed - maybe I am biased towards frozen yogurt?
I also got a look at the burger. While looks and smell of food don't necessarily tell you everything, I got the feeling that they were OK but nothing I would come back for.
Finally, I thought the dog treats you can buy are noteworthy. True to its tradition which started in Madison Square Park, I think it's very lovely that they offer snacks for the human's favorite companion. I especially love the name "Pooch-ini" - nice marketing there! However, I cannot approve neither of the price (almost 4 dollars for a dog treat?) nor the content of the snack. Dog biscuits probably have enough unhealthy items already, and adding peanut butter and custard to it certainly won't help. I know our dog loves yogurt, ice cream and the likes to pieces, and we make a point not to give her too much. While the concept is nice, this place just feels... irresponsible.
Bottom line: Shake Shack offers NYC-like food in a NYC-like atmosphere at NYC prices. If you're into that, you'll thoroughly enjoy yourself.Came here after my weekly fun run (its an awesome meet-up). Hardly any line and affordable prices. The burgers arent oversized and a great single serving to make you feel content after having one. 
Also they're open to 11 (not sure if it fluxuates by weekday-weekend, but thats what yelp is for)
I had the burger with bacon on it..and the flavors were awesome! I also had the rittenhouse^2 (not a shake, eat it with a spoon) and also a great quantity for the place..definitely coming back for more!Some of the best shakes here!  You'll definitely walk away with a few extra pounds but walk around Philly to work those off!  Staff is friendly and service is quick. Be prepared for a line.Can't go wrong here! 
The burgers are delicious as can be. 
Order the SHACK STACK!!!!!!!!! Deep fried cheese and portobello mushroom hugging inside a cheese burger! I ordered it twice on my stay in Philly and I will tell you this was the best thing I ate in the whole city that weekend. 
The bun is so yummy, reminds me of the soft chewy dough of Hawaiian bread.
Cheese fries are good, but wish they were hotter in temperature. 
Service was just alright, but what can you expect from a very busy burger spot.
One of the best fast food chains in America!!!I used to eat at Shake Shack probably once every two weeks but because I'm trying to get my dream body, I came back here for the first time in 5 months. 
I was very disappointed how they changed their fries and the burger tasted like any other McDonald's burger - flat and ordinary. Everything I always ordered changed and I hated it.2nd time dining here. I ordered something without onions due to allergic reaction to non cooked onions. I went back and told the staff. They immediately fixed it. We dined outside and the manager was so kind to come apologize as well as comp us on our next meal.Ok so I drove past the place a couple of times. Never had the chance to actually stop...that is until TODAY BABY! No lines....yay! Went in and  placed my order and wha-lah  I had my food. I wasn't alone so I had to grab it and go. It was almost rush hour and I was heading back over the bridge to Jersey(I am rambling I know...smh) So anyway the first thing I had the pleasure of tasting was the vanilla shake. It was....good. I wasn't exactly uber thrilled. I mean the name of this place is SHAKE SHACK....when I put my mouth to the straw I wanted my taste buds to S-H-A-K-E!!!!!! It didn't it just kind of wiggled. It was good but could of been better. Ok the next thing I popped into my mouth was a couple of French fries.....OH BABY!  (que the rocky song) the champ was there. It upper cutted  my taste buds like a baby Mike Tyson. They were crispy and tasted awesome. These fries were nothing short of perfect.  The burger!!!! I ordered it well done. I ordered the Shakeburger(with cheese) . I asked for onions but she didn't put them on there(bummer). The bun was super soft with a little sweetness to it. AWESOME. The meat was well seasoned. Nice clean fresh taste it. I was very impressed! Very!  One thing about the burger was the shack sauce. I didn't really care for it. It wasn't bad but it was lacking something(shrugs). Oh I also had a piece of my aunts Chicago dog. MAJOR MESS! It comes with everything but the Sears Tower on it lol. Its was a yummy mess lol. Just a warning if your going to order it be prepared to change your shirt. Overall I really like the Shake Shack. Go check it out!Clearly there are a million reviews for this place so I don't need to add much. But whoever decided to put a deep fried mushroom oozing with cheese on top of a cheeseburger is clearly a genius and deserves some sort of medal. Crinkle cut fries are my absolute favorite form of fry and then they offer cheese dipping sauce to go along with it? Orgasmic.
I expected a TAD more from the concretes. I thought my life was going to be changed and while it was good, I thought the custard itself was a little bland. Next time I might add some pretzels and hope that the salt they come with jazzes it up a bit. I would definitely go back to try this theory out!The Shake Shack is incredibly delicious.  I just wish it was not so damn expensive!  I ordered a double Smoke Shack Burger, cheese fries and a tap root beer. Here is how they stacked up.
Smoke Shack Burger-  Double cheeseburger with bacon, chopped cherry peppers and shack sauce.  This thing was very good.  The cherry peppers made it.  The bacon was great as well.  Their burgers are so meaty and juicy!  The only thing I would change is a little less shack sauce.  My burger had a bit too much on it.  Other than that it was a great burger.  Side note though....my buddy ordered the same thing and they forgot his bacon.  It was busy in there so he was going to attempt to get it changed but said F it and dug in.  
Cheese Fries-  These were some great fries!  The cheese sauce they use is a mix of 2 types of cheeses.  Its on the thin side, didn't congeal which is nice and stayed hot the whole time while eating these.  I liked the cheese a lot!  I would definitely get these again!
Draught Abita Root Beer-  This was great as well!  Some of the best tasting root beer that I have had.  They put too much ice in the cup though so I mowed down my beverage rather quick and there are no free refills.  A tad disappointed seeing it was like $3.40.
Overall this is a great place!  If it was a few bucks cheaper it would be perfect!  My meal alone was $17.23 and that is pretty pricey for a late night meal.....because of that, I would only come here once a month or so if I lived close.  All the ingredients are top notch though and for the most part you get what you pay for!Shake shack is your good ol go to burger and shake place.  
The beef is good quality and spiced enough for flavor. This place tends to get busy during peak lunch or dinner time.  There will be a slight wait but worth it. 
Overall experience,  casual down to earth burger place where you can bring a date. The burgers I thought was more on the messy greasy side but who doesnt love a greasy burger here and there.I've had Shake Shack burgers before and was already impressed by the quality, simplicity, and taste of their food. So when I heard they recently released a chicken sandwich (Chick'N Shack), which is pretty huge news for a chain known for its burgers, I had to try it. And it was fantastic.
The fried exterior of the patty is super crispy, savory, and fresh, to the point where I could have sworn there were parts where the fried layer floated above the meat, rather than sticking to it like most fried foods do. The inside was tender and had clearly been marinated or something, because it wasn't dry at all and also soft and juicy. The bun as usual was buttered and tasty as well. The tangy/creamy white sauce, slaw, and pickles were perfect accompaniments. I was planning to take it to go, but I sat down and ate the whole thing inside the restaurant.
The shake, which I ordered malted, was terrific too - black & white (fudge and vanilla custard). Not too sweet, could taste the hints of chocolate and malt along the creamy vanilla.
It was Sunday night w/ no line, so my food came out quickly too!Awesome AWESOME staff. They are all friendly and vibrant. It's in a choice location with both indoor and outdoor seating. 
The food, slightly overpriced than what I think it's truly worth, but worth it anyway for the good cheap burger. A little better than Five Guys for the atmosphere, variety, and booze, but not on par with the price.Burgers are so good I die and the concretes send me straight to heaven. 
What a place. If you find yourself looking for a quick food coma during lunch this is the place to come. I have no idea what they do to their burgers but they are unreal. The concretes are ice cream with deliciousness mixed in. I always get the rittenhouse. 
It's also really nice that you just order at the counter and then can sit outside (no worrying about splitting checks). 
A must try!Whatever you do, don't order delivery form this place, they don't box up your food, it's literally an open bag with open not fully wrapped burger or covered fries. It's completely unsanitary and the food was ice cold, and of course there's no way to get a refund. Also the portion sizes are tiny. My double burger is smaller than a big mac and theor is probably 20 fries in the tray. Thanks shake shack for stealing $20. I wish there was an option for 0 stars.Wrong order- turned into a great experience. Josh and Tom took great care of us and fixed the issue and added dessert. Had the  bacon cheeseburger w peppers and the shroom cheeseburger- SO good!  And they have Brooklyn ale!I know there is a long going debate about which burger place is better Shake Shack or In and Out. For me I think In and Out is slightly better but they both offer burgers but with their own twist. 
Shake shack has a lot of great options to chose from. You can order a burger or a mushroom burger which is pretty delicious. Also they have hotdogs, chicken sandwiches, and grilled cheeses to chose from as well. Their French fries are pretty amazing and their milkshakes melt in your mouth. The one thing that sets apart Shake Shack and In and Out is Shake Shack offers alcohol. I only ever had one of their beers and honestly it was pretty good. 
Shake Shack consistency is always there and anytime I want a burger this is my go to place. I love the atmosphere and every time I go in there, I know I will be satisfied, but I still like In and Out just a little bit more."Love this spot! Stuck in a hotel while our house has no power, we googled this and recognized it from NYC. We wanted a smaller meal and the size of the burgers is perfect, many places serve those giant, tasteless globs of meat on giant bready rolls. Not this place! Love the frozen custard too, this place is a treat!Being from the West Coast, I have missed In n Out ever since I moved. So far the Shake Shack has the only burger that can even come close to a taste like In n Out! The burger was delicious and wasn't too large or too small. The concretes are something unique and very tasty, as well. I personally like the Rittenhouse flavor.I know shake shack is known for their burgers (which I've had, they're A1) but on this particular day I wasn't in the mood for beef, so I got the chick-n-shack. Pretty gooood. Bun was super soft, chicken crispy and juicy and the buttermilk herb sauce they put on it makes the dish. They could get rid of the pickles tho... Otherwise, service was fast and efficient enough.Burgers are pretty juicy and the staff are always nice. A little expensive for the portion size and sometimes I'm left wanting more. The burgers are top quality though, any my friend likes the frozen dessertsA nice place to go for a good burger, milkshake and / or a beer. I had the Shack Stack burger which is a burger with a fried portobello mushroom on top. The burgers get a 3.5 rating but the fries are 5 star worthy! I did not try their beer on tap which is made in Brooklyn.
The ambiance is quite cozy. It's not a loud place. I had to wonder why there was a huge tv hanging in the place.Came here around the time they opened up and then again a few times after that. Each time was satisfying, especially after drinking. I like the cheese fries, but I don't like the cheese fries. I think i'm too used to Cheese Whiz, that when I get real melted cheese, it's just not the same. The burgers are very good and so are the concretes. 
The only other thing that's not so fun, is finding a place to sit. It's not hard, just annoying because sometimes the tables aren't readily available the minute you get your food.So, I have perused many Shake Shacks during my NYC days. I eagerly awaited the arrival to Philly. When it first opened, I was so excited, I tried reviewing it without going, because I felt it was like McDonald's, once you tried one, you tried them all. Well, I later learned that you need to visit the actual location, not one in a chain, to submit an honest review. It makes sense.
Now that I finally made it out, let me tell you, just like all of the others. We're talking total mind popping ZoMG experience here. So good. So good. Seriously, I want to do a happy song and dance with each bite of their AMAZE-ZING burgers.
On this trip, I had the SmokeShack burger for the first time. If their regular burgers were not good enough, this one was even better. For starters, it was a double, and we all know two is better than one. And, there is the applewood smoked bacon on it. And, we all know bacon makes everything better. So, yeah, my eyes sort of popped out of their sockets due to this AMAZE-ZING burger.
I also had some fries and a chocolate/vanilla mixed shake. Their fries are decent. I like the crinkle cut style. The shake was good, but they should be shamed for calling the tiny sized cup any size at all. What the deal yo? You already stole my heart, why do you have to steal my money too?
But any way, go get you some Shake Shack burger. Maybe some fries. Save your money on the shake, unless you are really craving it.1st time to the famed burger joint. Had the smoke shack and fries. Fries were ok, burger was very good. The smokey sauce plus the slightly sweet, slightly spicy cherry peppers made the burger. Looking forward to a return visit to try with the "concrete". 
Didn't realize they had a liquor license, good to know for next visit.Oh Shake Shack, how do I love thee?  Let me count the ways...
1. ShackBurger: A perfect cheeseburger--it was love at first bite.
2. Fries: Hot and crispy--it was love at first crunch.
3. ShackMeister Ale: Smooth and refreshing--it was love at first sip.I'm a huge fan of this chain, but I guess I was spoiled with the original in NYC. Maybe they were having an off day, but they were still pretty packed at 11 pm on a thursday. I ducked in RIGHT before closing and still had to wait a good 20 minutes for a cheeseburger and fries. That's to be expected because it is a new opening of a hallowed institution. FINE.
But, yo. The burger was kind of flavorful and somewhat juicy, but it was well done. It was way over cooked. They need to retrain the chefs to keep the maximum amount of juicy. I have yet to try my favorite Shack Stack there, it was way too heavy for an 11 pm meal. Maybe one day when the hype dies down. Soon my friend, soon.Been here more than two times...which is bad! But it's so good and so close to my job. 
What I've had here so far....
Burgers: 
Shroom burger - portobello mushroom stuffed with cheese, dipped in panko then fried, amazing!  
Smoke shack - beef patty w/ bacon and a spicy sauce that had a good kick. 
Cheese fries are good...I wish they would bring the crinkle cut fries back. The new hand cut fries are skimpy and oily. 
Milkshake..must try coffee milkshake! It's the best!OPEN LATE: great since we were looking for a bite to eat with two children when heading out of town.  Flavorful and perfectly sized burgers.  Fries were eh.  The staff was ok... I guess everyone loses a skip in their step when its close to closing time.  Overall decent experience... Still a fan of the burgers!A damn good burger, but I don't see what is with all of the hype!?!? 
I've passed by the Shack in NYC a few times, and I have seen the line wrapping around the block.  The wifey and I were in Philly for a fun evening. We were walking past the Shack (the line was short) so we decided to share a burger, fries and a shake. 
The burger reminded me of Steak and Shake except the lettuce and tomato seemed fresher and the burger a little thicker. The fries were crinkle-cut (my favorite!!) We ordered them with cheese sauce (a good choice!). The shake was delicious, but I thought it was overpriced for its size. 
Don't get the wrong impression. GOOD BURGER!!! I just can't see why anyone would wait more than 5 minutes for some fast food.Fabulous burger place, although the prices are a bit high for fast food, but that's just the big city I think. I had a classic cheeseburger and it hit the right spot, along with a beer that is specially brewed for shake shack. Perfect meal on a rainy day.Prices are a bit steep, burger was extremely juicy. Only food complaint would be that you ask for cooking preference, e.g. well done, medium, etc. Atmosphere was modern, fast paced like Philadelphia really is. I liked it.I love it tasty and right size for me ~ cuz normally other restaurants burger is too big for me but  size is just right ~~~ i am so happy to eat thereAwesome black and white milkshake is worth the wait.Burger just right and their fries, wine well just be prepare it is a little too much alcohol for a glass. Street parking, inside/outside tables available. 
This place is ideal for meat and veggies loversI've been to Shake Shack a couple of times. I've had their SmokeShack and ShroomShack, both were good, although the latter tasted a little to salty for me. Their milkshake is absolutely the best！Oh shake shack. How I adore you. I've never even heard of shake shack before moving to the east coast. Now I am a firm believer that this is one of the best fast food burgers ever. Albeit grossly overpriced, shake shack burgers are so juicy and flavorful. I don't know what they do to the meat but I somehow always crave these burgers. Try the shack stack-- delicious burger goodness with the surprise of a mushroom croquet. Revolutionary.This is a fun place with quick service but good quality food. Asked for the lightest beer they had so ended up with the shake meister which was pretty good! Smooth and not heavy. 
Food - fries are crisp and crinkle cut. Nothing crazy though seasoning wise. Smoke shack burger is awesome. I love the hot pepper relish with the bacon. Was excited to try the chicken and apple sausage but sadly it tasted not much different from a hot dog. Still good though and I liked the charred ends from the griddle. Shakes are delicious and so thick and filling. I love the peanut butter one!I love love this place but HATE the fries . THEY ARE GETTING NEW FRIES!! Woo hoo!! The cashier just told meI love Shake Shack.  Being a native New Yorker, I was thrilled to learn this past spring that the Shack would be shacking up at 20th and Sansom.  I've been here a few times, and it still delivers.  Is it as good as the ones in New York?  Of course not.  But it's still a great burger and a fun treat from time to time.
Shake Shack's burger is similar in style and construction to the In 'n' Out Burger found everywhere throughout California (and sadly, not on the East Coast).  The patty is thin, but juicy and moist.  The bun is soft yet sturdy.  The cheese is melty and delicious.  And the rest of the ingredients (the lettuce, tomato, and yes, the shack sauce), all work in harmony to make a melty, tasty, savory burger.  And Shake Shack isn't just about burgers: they also make delicious (albeit small) milkshakes and decadent concretes.  Any order of their premade options, but the Rittenhouse Squared is my favorite.
You can also order wine or beer to go with your burger, a small leg up on close competitor 500 Degrees (which also makes a terrific burger).  And despite the long lines and waits during peak hours, for me it's a small taste of home away from home.  It's not perfect, but it's still damn good for Philadelphia.  In terms of burgers overall, not nearly as good as Grace Tavern, but way better than PYT.My first experience with Shake Shack was at their location in Madison Sq. Park in NYC. I loved it and every time I think of it, I wish I had a burger right by me. I expected the same from the new location at philly. I finally paid a visit this Sunday with my boyfriend who has never had Shake Shack before. 
We only waited around 15 minutes to order and another 5-10 minutes to get our food. We each ordered a single Shackburger and shared a side of fries. The burger was delicious and just as good as I remembered. The fries are not the best you may ever have, but they go well with the burger, especially with all the salt sprinkled on the fries. 
One thing I was not sure is the design of their location. I loved the Shake Shack in NYC because it's right in the middle of the park. Getting an awesome burger from a little house then eating on a park bench seems to be the definition of the Shake Shack experience for me. It feels a little out of place to sit in a sort-of modern room to enjoy their food.
Next time, I might just get to-go with a Concrete and enjoy them by a park.We have avoided trying Shake Shack after hearing/reading that it is overpriced and overrated. But after an epic drive home from Virginia, we were craving a burger and wanted it fast. Shake Shack gave us a burger, and gave it to us fast, but wasn't exactly satisfying. We each got a single burger and a cheese fry (cheese on the side) to share. We both finished our meals and said we would be hungry again within a few hours. Lo and behold, we are hungry now (1.5 hours after finishing dinner). Although we couldn't gotten double burgers and/or 2 fries in order to increase the quantity of food, you shouldn't have to pay $25+ for good quality fast food. For that price, I could easily go to a bar and get a big burger. The burger itself was tasty, well-cooked and well-seasoned. Neither of us particularly cared for the Shake Shack sauce. I would go back there over Five Guys in a heartbeat, but I think I'd rather go to a good bar for my next burger, even if I have to pay a few dollars more.Shake Shack is my favorite burger place in the city. Their burgers and fries are the best, better than restaurant style burgers or fries in my opinion. The service is always friendly and it's an extremely clean establishment. The shakes are good too. The outside seating is really great when there's nice weather.I had one of their burgers and enjoyed it.  I mean I would not wait in line for a meal here but the burger was adequate.
I also had one of their "concretes" - and I have to say it was darn good!  
Fries were OK - nothing to rave about.  
The music was too lound - turn it down! 
Staff could learn some manners and keep their drama off the dining floor.My friend and I split the shackburger and the smokeshack. The burger patties were delicious. They were really juicy and flavorful. The bun was okay but I wish it was more toasty and not quite so soft. The price is cheap if you get a single hamburger or shackburger, but gets a little pricey when you pick one of their specialty ones considering the size of the burger. 
I didn't enjoy the fries very much but I really liked the frozen custard. I got the rittenhouse with chocolate custard, la colombe coffee beans, coffee marshmallow sauce and cookie dough. It was really rich, creamy, and I loved the little bit of crunch from the coffee beans. I only got a half size and it was plenty!Update to say that I'm now discovering years later that the fries I got were during Shake Shack's attempt to transition to in-house hand made fries. Thanks to the protesters that forced them to change back lol.When shake shack first came here, the first  person that I know who went there complained it was expensive for buying lunch for two guys and said it was okay. However depends who you are... being a female in the neighborhood, I can spend $4.00 for smaller size ( lady size just right for me) burger that's delicious and I can depend on the fact that it's always PERFECT, always delicious.The burgers are delicious, but on the small side.  If I get a double it's too much, though.  I absolutely LOVE their fries, but I recommend putting the salt on yourself.... I love salt, but they are way too salty for me.  The milkshakes are good, especially the fair-trade coffee flavor.  I haven't had a concrete, because I want the one with Philly pretzels, but they aren't gluten free:(   I've been there a million times and it's consistent.  I'd go here over elevation burger (delicious but soooo greasy), or that other place which people rave about, but it's incredibly over rated in my opinion.  Love shake shack.  I really don't understand why they get negative reviews.  I still miss fatburger and in and out, though:(Shake it like a salts shaker up in this jawn!!
Very good burgers and shakes.  I will report back regarding the fries!!!!Great experience here. I've been here several times and am always happy with the food. I stopped by right as they opened (and weren't too busy yet) and the manager Derek went out of his way to make me feel welcome, talked about some of their different menu items and seemed genuinely interested that I enjoyed my food. Oh, and the burger and fries were awesome too.I had the chicken burger- delicious! Not something people usually get at Shake shack, but if you want to try it, it's great! But the coffee milkshake is the real deal! A must have!! The burger, the coffee and the fries was around $16 total. A totally indulgent lunch, but it's not everyday you have Shake shack, so it's okay!I could see the brainless Monk's/Sabrina's/Apple crowd going nuts for this stuff; The lines are terrific - you get to meet people chat with them for hours, its a great place to network.
We ordered from here for the whole office (on a weekday)
13 orders w drinks = $200 - not bad
It prepared very fast... too fast, some of the burgers were pinkish. (extra rare -- that's bad)
The food is just very Meh. 
Absolutely not awesome in any way whatsoever. 
Its better than five guys but who isn't? 
Perhaps outside Philly this quality is considered good.
It's just sloppy fast food with a pretty store front.
The burgers aren't special or grilled on a good surface or anything. 
The buns are the cheep yellow potato starch bread sponge crap they give out for free around the corner from my place.
The shakes are below average. 
The foam is not good quality, it looks like they spend 10 seconds blending it on low.
The strawberry milk shakes taste like plain vanilla with sugar added.
The chocolate milk shakes taste like plain vanilla with sugar added with a hit of shade.
Vanilla milk shakes, the only one they got right.I ordered the SmokeShack burger. Had a nice spice to it without being overwhelming. The line was surprisingly short for a Friday and everyone working was speedy and friendly. It can get a little pricey here but I'd be backGreat location, staff, and food!  Food here is getting better and closer to NY shacks but the shroom burger still needs improvement.  Get the cherry peppers on the side for some zing and try some ketchup with the burgers.  Happy to have the crinkle cut fries back too.  Their unique custard blends are great and the black/white shake is also good.So...I went back and tried the burger. My opinion hasn't really changed. The best thing I can say about the burger is that they use decent toppings. No crappy iceberg lettuce, no mealy tomatoes. But the burger itself has a lot of gristle, and the fries aren't anything special. Crinkle-cut frozen jobs.This shake shack is everything I love about Philly compared to NYC. On thanksgiving eve, there was no line and no trouble finding a seat. Same great dining experience as in NYC but with much less hassle!My daughter had been to the NYC location of the Shake Shack and urged me to try the Philly location while I am in town on a getaway.
Since I am staying at the Westin, the walk from the hotel from the place wasn't long. The restaurant is clean and the line wasn't long.
I ordered the single cheeseburger and fries. My hubby ordered the double cheeseburger and their cheese fries.
The food was delicious! The only issue was we ordered takeout and the food wasn't covered for takeout. Even though the walk back to the hotel wasn't long, it was bitterly cold (10 degrees), and so the uncovered food went cold. I would suggest wrapping the food when someone orders takeout.Finally got to Shake Shack, and was pleasantly surprised by how much I enjoyed it.  Delicious, cheap burgers - and AWESOME fries, but I may be biased, because I think crinkle cut fries are the only fries that should exist.
What they call custard is actually just ice cream, which is a bit disappointing, but the shakes are awesome.
I also loved the express line they have - super useful if you're getting one of their more popular items.
Probably not my best idea to eat here before going to a 2.5 hour concert at the Kimmel Center, but hey, it's worth it.The ambiance and the layout of the place was excellent.  The food, however, was not that impressive.  I was disappointed with the milkshake too....The hubby and I were out and about in the city about 3 weeks ago and saw the opening of the Shake Shack would be soon. We finally checked it out this past Sunday around noon. 
The menu is pretty basic, burgers, hotdogs, fries,milkshakes. We both ordered a single shack burger which comes with cheese, lettuce tomato and shack sauce. The sauce must have gluten in it because none came on my burger. Plus one order of cheese fries. I had the gluten free option which is a Burger with no bun. They do prepare and cook it separately which is good. 
The burgers were very juicy and well seasoned and definitely fresh. Fries were nothing special. The highlight of the meal was the fresh sweet corn custard that was the flavor of the day. It was so fresh and light that I was sad I didn't get my sample until after I ate my food. Overall its not a bad place to drop 20-30 bucks for a meal. 
We were full after eating and there was no indigestion to be found.  I will definitely be back for a milkshake, desert creation or just custard.Vegetarian mushroom burger ! Um yes I'll take two of those; no need to worry ma'am they will both get eaten. Crinkle fries never will you disappoint me . 
It was my first time here....drunk night 5 whiskey & lemonades in, hungry & already feeling a hangover. 
Thank goodness my cousin suggested this place because I might have not survived the night. A little bit dramatic; okay I guess I am but I'm your worst enemy when I'm hungry & drunk ....okay maybe just more so when I'm hungry ! 
The sauce they use to put on those lightly battered portobello mushroom veggie burger ..mmmhm. If I hadn't had a food-gasm (not sure if that's a word) but you catch my drift; Phenomenal. 
If you're a vegetarian & your drunk then you should know it's really hard to find places to eat that will be amazing after 9pm. Okay so I know your probably thinking; she said they're open late?! Late as in until 11pm people....so what happened was I was drunk from an early happy hour. There I admitted it ! Now back to the food! Oh yeah if your in the Center city area just stop by and give them a try. Tell them Britt sent you hahaha. Gotta love shake shack!Yummy ShackBurger, ShackStack (shackburger and a 'shroom burger), milkshakes and cheese fries! They also had a corn dog available but that ended on Labor Day! Great customer service but the wait can be long depending on when you go there. Definitely worth it.The burgers are slightly more juicy than greasy...thus making them super good, as of late. The fries and drinks rule!  I love their alcohol selection.  Brooklyn brews are my favorite and Jack's cider. The music is usually really good or really bad, which is awesome:/. 
Please stop singing the Happy Birthday song to crowds of drunkards, well into their 30's.  Ain't nobody trying to hear that while eat comfort food (that is not comforting). Everything is awesome except the noise level can be bothersome.  
I'd never try the shroom burger, though.  I'm not into stuffed burgers of any kind).  
Enjoy.I stopped in for a quick lunch after a meeting in Philadelphia, which followed a business trip to Atlantic City.  This is smaller than the NYC shacks, and even on a 30 degree morning they had outdoor seating available.  Nobody was using those seats.  I have never had a bad experience at Shake Shack and that streak continued here.  My shackburger was excellent.  Hot, fresh and juicy.  Along with an order of fries and a vanilla shake, I was ready to get in the car and drive home.  The only negative was that the prices actually seemed higher here than in NYC but the quality makes spending the money worth it.If your looking for one of the best burgers in the city, look no further than Shake Shack.  One of the purest tasting burgers I've ever had the privilege of putting in my mouth.  The 100% all-natural angus beef may not be a completely original sell, but the difference lies in the antibiotic and hormone free vegetarian fed happily raised cows with which these succulent burgers are crafted from.  While these burgers are the flag ship item of the wide-spreading NY establishment, other products leave more to be desired with the fries particularly unsatisfying.  Yet if your looking for a great burger and alcoholic beverage to accompany your meal, Shake Shack more than welcomes your company.  And with famous Philly burger joint 500 Degrees right down the street, it seems there is another Philly-NY rivalry poised to break loose.A little over priced but I say the SHAKES are DELICIOUS and worth the visit!! 
I'm generally not a fan of milk shakes.  They are too heavy for me and think the taste does not justify the calories.  But the Peanut Butter Shake here,   YUMMY YUMMY YUMMY.  Hits just the spot.  In and Out shakes move out of the way!
Burger are good but it is an extra dollar or two than I'd want to spend.  But I'll bite the bullet.  Let that "Milkshake bring all the boys to the yard," shack or the corner of samson and 20th.I walked here after eating brunch in the bella vista area.  I mean, being from the NYC area where shack shack is my fav burger of all time, I had to try the Philly plant.
Let's say, it was probably just as good as the ones in NYC.  So that's good.  I devoured my Shack burger without any issue.  One insider note though - try to eat the burger in a way where all of the juices stockpile into the final bite.  And try to make that final bite as big as possible, because when you stick the final bite in your mouth...joy.  Not many sandwiches are the best when it is your last bite (most of us (and economics students) will attest that the first bite will be the best), but at Shake Shack, last bite is best.I was a little disappointed!  
The burgers LOOK so delicious but the taste doesn't add up.  The beef patty is definitely lacking-- and was not satisfying.  I think if they upped the quality it'd make a HUGE difference...but the shakes and frieds are good!
Bonus points for serving beer.Almost a year later, service has gone down,as has the consistency and pride in the food(pure milk, milkshake and extra grease on the burgers, dirty dining room,etc).  Come on shake shack, bring back your start up attention to detail!!!Love love love their shakes. Could drink them all day. Food is 2-3 stars but shakes are 5.What excellent shakes! I mean the variety and by using frozen custard...there is really no way to recommend Shake Shack any higher.
Service is excellent here, very friendly and talkative with the customer, a rarity these days even with local places.
Did you take a look at that menu? Wow what a selection, and even some treats for dogs too.
I really want to try a burger the next time I come to SS.I have come here twice so far, and from those two times I have tried the shack stack burger, smokestack burger, shack-cago dog, fries with and without cheese, and the creamsicle float. I like trying things at least once so of course I got the special stuff. Everything was good although I would honesty recommend getting a double stack burger without the extra stuff. The beef patty is extremely delicious and I feel like the extras either make it less healthy (deep fried cheese injects mushroom in shack stack) or just detract from its grandeur (the red peppers in the smokestack). The fries were great, crispy enough without being too oily. I would definitely come back again.every single time ive ever eaten here theres been a problem. this time its me being sick for 24 hours after going in this location. the food is way overpriced for the thin pathetic little patties you get. really disappointed in the business.Visited with my son.  He absolutely loved his burger and fries. My burger however was totally raw!!  On a good note I called the manager and he was apologetic and offered me a free meal should I return. Honestly not sure if I will ever return.I'm not sure how my taste buds were when I first came here but I took someone here because they've been wanting to try it. We shared and I took a few bites of the shack stack and smokestack plus some fries and that was it. It wasn't worth finishing and NOW I understand why everyone feels so disappointed about this place. The burger meat now seemed soggy and flavorless except for some saltiness to me. When I first came I remembered it being "juicy" instead. Now it just seems greasy and the fries were a bit hard.Came here during the afternoon. The line was non-existent however my friend and I waited a couple minutes to order since the cashier was in training. That's fine but I waited for an "excuse us one moment." Whatever.
Ordering was easy and the food came out quickly. I got a single hamburger with veggies and Shack Sauce and fries and my friend had a shroom burger. The hamburger was just okay if not a little salty. The fries were nice but a little pricey for the portion. Also! I didn't know there are courtesy water cups next to a nifty water fountain.
The atmosphere was industrial but bright, roomy and clean. The employees were also very nice.
I will come back again to try the concretes and other burgers and hot dogs for sure.Great burgers and ice cream -- parking is awful, which only makes this place feasible for pedestrians. Even on a Sunday, there are hardly any spaces. The place is large and clean with a good amount of seating, though the kitchen staff was not that quick in turning around the burgers, despite of a pretty empty house. At least my burger wasn't pink like others. The consistency of cooking is quite variable here. Bottomline: parking is nonexistent, and be sure to specify how you want your burger cooked.Ordered a shroom burger with cheese fries at the register. The order taker messed up on my order and put the chicken burger instead. I took the food back to the pick up counter and told a worker that my order was messed up. She was very kind and said she would bring my correct order to my table where I was sitting outside. She also gave me fresh cheese fries with my shroom
burger. It was very considerate of her! I ended up owing money for it, but the worker said I didn't need to worry about it. I had to wait a little for my order but I wasn't in a hurry.Shake Shack definitely deserves four stars.  I also heard of all the hype and in my head I'm thinking "Its a burger joint - it's probably going to be like a Five Guys or something."  
With that said - I went in with an open mind and I couldn't believe what I saw.  They LOOKED amazing.  I couldn't wait to get back to the office to eat it.  This was the place of choice for our Friday office lunch.  It was just as good as it looked.
I had the Shack Stack (yeah - fat girl Friday.)   Everyone else loved theirs too.  I even heard someone say "Soo... Free lunch Friday should now be Shake Shack Friday?"  
I'm not one to rave about krinkle cut fries but they were seriously awesome.  Why?  I can't even say.  They were just way better than your average krinkle cut fry.  They were crispy, not mushy - maybe that's why? 
This definitely doesn't come close to being my favorite burger, but its a damn fine burger, and I think its worth trying.  Wish I got a milkshake with it but damn, I'm completely stuffed.Let's face it, there's not many options for a $10 and under lunch/dinner in the Rittenhouse area. There's Cosi, McDonalds, Chipotle, Qdoba, and a few other pizza places. And now Shake Shack can be added to this list. 
The food here is good; it's average. When I come I usually get a burger and fries. I've also tried the milkshakes in the past. The burger is simple and is on the smaller side (compared to some of the other burger joints in the city). I actually like that it's simple and on the smaller side because I don't like finishing dinner feeling over-stuffed and filled with grease. The fries are normal/average and the milkshakes too. When I say that the food is average, I don't mean that in a negative way. Average is a good thing sometimes, it's reliable. It's what I expect when I pay $10 for a meal in Rittenhouse. I will come back again. 
I would give Shake Shack 3 stars alone based on the food but 4 stars because of the location/price.Want to pay way too much money for a fast food burger, lousy service, and uncomfortable seating?  Then shake shack is the spot for you!  I just don't get their popularity.Everytime I've been here the cashiers have always been some of the friendliest I've ever dealt with. Also the food is very good. They make a great, simple burger without going over-the-top like some places do.Placed order for 2 single hamburgers. Cashier asked if we wanted cheese and we said no. 17 minutes later we get our order and there's cheese and sauce on it and we specifically said no cheese no sauce. Another gentleman ordered a simple vanilla cone, just in front of us it and it took 15 minutes for him to get his cone and they put it in a cup. I don't know what's going on at Shake Shack today, but they're screwing up orders taking too long. Just pathetic!Shake Shack, how I love thee!! Being from NYC, there is always a line for any of our locations, so unless you go at an off-peak time ( which would be when??) it can be a deterrent.
My guy and I arrived late Friday night in Philly and was looking for something open late and tasty. We discovered a Shake Shack was blocks away and we jumped on it. 
NO LINES!! Are you serious??? I was ecstatic. We ordered the 2 Shack burgers and shared an order of fries and a soda.
I wish I could unlock the secret of this delicious burger. Is it the meat blend, the Romano tomatoes, leaf lettuce, potato bun and secret Shack sauce that makes it all perfect? I don't know and I don't care. I shouldn't question perfection!!Shack Shack was something I had to try while I was in the east coast. Many people dub this place as the East coast version of In-n-Out but I say they can't be compared to one another. Their burgers were excellent and their cheese fries are covered in a delicious melted cheese. Their lemonade however was quite sour and not the kind of lemonade you would expect from a fast food restaurant. Really good burgers and fries and I would recommend that anyone from the West coast give this a try. Don't think about In-n-Out while you're trying because these two are not comparable. Overall delicious and I will definitely be back once the one in Los Angeles opens.Shake shack has a good atmosphere. The staff is friendly and it's a cool place to meet up with friends however the food here is not the best in comparison to other burger joints. The burgers are small and packed with lots of toppings which makes them APPEAR tasty, and the fries are terrible. Last year Shake Shack offered crinkle fries which were ok, but now they have these horrible soft hand cut French fries, this was a bad change to their menu. On the brighter side shake shack offers pretty good milk shakes and custard, but I would never go here again for burgers and fries.Why I am here? Why I am reviewing this place? I am not a burger person hmmm, but the vanilla custard ice cream called me, Rita Ice is far and I did not like my experience with their neighbor Ice Cream Specialist Capogiro Gelato really disappointed me. I liked the big detailed menu, the server was smiling and their system is smart they gave you a shaking device which shake shack when your order is ready! I loved my vanilla custard, well prepared and tasty, the price is a bit higher than Rita but it is ok. If I had to choose between Shake Shack and the ice cream specialized Capogiro Gelato, definitely  shake shack win.
Note my review is ice cream related only, read other reviews for burger :)Went here with the roomies for a late night snack, I got the cheesy fries and a hard cider, and the roomies got the mushroom burger and the coffee shake. Very cool that you can get wine or beer with your fast food, but the food wasn't very remarkable, and it was pretty pricey. the coffee shake was delicous, but the mushroom burger was tiny and it exploded on my roommate when he ate it and burned his hands. Its a good idea for fast food, just not well executed.The burger and the new, non-crinkle cut fries (debuting TODAY) were fantastic.  My burger had cheese-sauce cheese and hot red pepper pieces and it was excellent. The bun was excellent.  Amazing how they put the calorie load next to the items on the menu...and people still eat there.  Want to know why?  Because it's fantastic, that's why.This is a real solid burger...And i'm surprised that no one has yet to mention this, but do you guys notice that there is a difference in quality when you compare Philly shake shack vs NYC shake shacks?
The NYC ones are clearly fresher in quality..Tried the shakes recently. I would say they beat the actual food but the serving sizes are very small for the prices they charge. 3 stars is generous considering I could get something just as good at Dairy Queen at a fraction of the price!Best burger best cheese fries and most of all
A great chocolate milk shake  obsessed with there buyers.Heh, I feel like such a cheater by reviewing a shake shack. It's like reviewing a fast food chain (mcd, KFC...) b/c there's so many of these around now.
I always get the simple cheese burger w/ shack sauce, still a balanced meal w/ protein, tomato, lettuce, dairy and bread! The others are just too much for me. I'm not a big fan of crinkle cut fries, but I'll get them. I haven't had the concretes at this location, but they are always good. I just feel too guilty getting it as part of the meal when they could be a meal in and of itself!
What not to get - the hot dog. Yuck. Nasty. It was flat and dry.I been there for the first time today. I got a burger, fries and followed up with a shake.  The burger was very good. Didn't feel like a processed "fast food" burger.  The fries were good too. And the topper, the shake, was great. 
The only 2 drawbacks were price and wait. The prices are a bit steeper than I would normally like for a burger, but it could be a reflection of the location. Fries didn't come with the burger, so it added to it. I don't think the burger alone would be worth the price and filling enough for a grown man for lunch. But as an occasional treat, it was good. 
The wait time for ordering wasn't bad. They seem pretty well staffed, but it did take about 5+ minutes to get my food. Maybe it's not a big deal, considering the line of people they churn through, but the ordering style is fast-food like, so I may need to adjust my lunch hour expectations. 
I would still go back, if for nothing else, a food shake.I still can't bring myself to call this 5 stars but 4.4 perhaps. Lately I have been getting the shack stack without the American cheese on the patty (there is enough cheese in the mushroom croquette and it tastes higher quality) and I think it is a significant improvement from the normal burger.BEST. BURGER. OF. MY. LIFE!!! I love a good burger and have spent many days in search of a truly great burger, usually to settle for Five Guys and the inevitable stomach ache that follows. I've finally found it! The perfect burger! Shake Shacks burgers make Five Guys look like McDonalds, or worse... White Castle.
The burgers are very juicy and seasoned perfectly. I ordered the burger with bacon and hot peppers and was extremely pleased. The french fries are crinkle cut and crispy - no complaints on that front. Lastly, another huge selling point for me was the milkshake. The specialty shake on tap when I went was a black and white cookie shake, AKA love in a cup. It tasted like a brownie married cake batter and rainbows and happiness. I left Shake Shack satisfied and happy to have come across this cute little place.
To top it all off, the price is right (although I'd probably pay double for this burger - yeah, it's that good!) and the service is quick. You can count on me returning to Shake Shack on the regular.Outstanding shakes but as far as the burgers and fries they aren't quite up to the quality you'd get at similar mid range burger joints like 5 guys or burger 21So when we walked in, I was blown away by the wall-size menu. I've been to shake shack in NY but never to the location in Philly. Parking in this area was tricky but manageable.
The shack stack is a combination of 2 different burgers = cheese-burger with a crisp-fried portobello topped with lettuce, tomato and Shack-sauce. the shack-sauce is what puts this burger on the map. The shack sauce is a blend of ketchup, mayo, mustard, a few spices and pickles. Joe really loved this burger.
Joe doesn't usually like the french fries from Shake Shack but since I was visiting this location for the first time he decided to splurge for me. I thought the fries were fine, they were crispy and hot.
I had the double shack burger which was 2 meat patties, 2 cheeses, lettuce and the legendary shack sauce. I thought the meat patties fell apart quite easily and although on the thin end of the spectrum. I really enjoyed the sauce and found myself scraping it up with the waffle french fries. This location upholds the very well earned reputation of Shake Shack.Growing up in NYC and having worked in the city for 5+ years, I consider myself pretty well versed in all things Danny Meyer. One of the most important restauranteurs in America, he oversees the Union Square Hospital Group. Under that umbrella includes the oft-acclaimed Union Square Cafe, Gramercy Tavern, and the 3 Michelin-starred EMP, which offers an innovative and amazing tasting menu. Despite the accolades, Meyer caters to more than the fine dining crowd, because he knows that everyone loves a good burger. Here is where Shake Shack comes into play.
East Coasters who have been to California often lament the fact that we don't have an In-N-Out. Granted those animal-style burgers and fries are delicious, but in 2004, Danny Meyer answered the call for a great 'fast-food' burger that can actually deliver, with Shake Shack. Initially just a hot dog cart in Madison Square Park in NYC, the success turned into the interminable lines which require a web-cam to properly plan out your meal. It's that good.
With six locations in NYC and outposts up and down the East Coast from Massachusetts to Florida, I was extremely excited when Shake Shack - Rittenhouse opened up in June of last year. But enough talk - let's get on with the food!
Smoke Shack ($6.25 Single / $8.80 Double)
Cheeseburger, Niman Ranch all-natural applewood smoked bacon, chopped cherry pepper, ShackSauce
One of the best-sellers is the Smoke Shack, which features their standard patty, typically cooked around a medium/medium-well temp. As long as the quality of the beef is great, I prefer my burgers medium-rare. However, I could care less how these patties are cooked - they're incredibly juicy and flavorful regardless. This is because we're talking about a baller Pat La Frieda blend. The Niman Ranch bacon was smoky and added extra heft to the single patty (Sue me, how was the rest of my meal was going to fit in the belly of this pig?). The chopped cherry peppers added a bright, vinegary tang to balance out the weight of the meat. The buns on these burgers perfectly house the innards and don't detract or distract from the highlights within. 
'Shroom Burger ($6.75)
Crisp-fried portabella mushroom filled with melted muenster and cheddar, lettuce, tomato, ShackSauce
One of my favorites (a loaded term since pretty much everything on the menu is a favorite) is the 'Shroom burger.A gorgeous portabella? Check. Fried perfectly? Check. Cheddar and muenster working perfectly in harmony to create gooey innards? Double check.
Shack Stack ($8.85)
Cheeseburger, 'Shroom burger, lettuce, tomato, ShackSauce
Go big or go home. If there's an amalgamation of menu items on said menu, it's a safe bet that I'll be ordering it. This monstrosity almost goes overboard, combining a regular ShackBurger and the 'Shroom burger. Just be prepared for a siesta and a few hours in the gym after this goes down your gullet.
Fries ($2.70)
Crinkle-cut Yukon potatoes
I'm usually not a fan of crinkle-cut fries since they remind me of frozen fries. But these are perfectly fried fresh, providing the right texture to balance out the delicious, yet smooth umami of the bites from the burger.
Liberty Shell Concrete - ($4.25 Half / $6.50 Regular)
Vanilla custard, Termini Bros. cannoli shell, strawberry puree, lemon ricotta 
You'd be remiss if you didn't try Shake Shack's custom concretes. Specific to each city, this one is clearly a blend of Philly's best. The rich custard blends nicely with the strawberry puree and the consistency of the lemon ricotta. The Termini Bros. cannoli shell adds a nice textural element to the concrete. This one's a half-size, considering what I had already consumed.
Since opening up last year, it's no surprise that Shake Shack has developed a loyal following in Philly. In fact, Shake Shack is expanding further, with locations in University City and King of Prussia being planned. And if Shake Shack wants to take over the rest of the world, you won't hear any words of protest from me.Sometimes I feel like eating like a beast. And that's usually when I head over to Shake Shack.
I keep it simple. 
Shack Burger with fries. Unsweetened iced tea. Perfection.
Oh- and the new fries are wonderful. I was not a fan of the crinkle cut dealies they were serving up. Talk about generic. Any way you serve those puppies up they're reminiscent of the garbage you'd get at some cafeteria style operation. Good move on the Belgian style, skin on fries of a more upscale joint. Kudos.
One star removed because every time I have ordered a beverage there is TOO MUCH ICE, and like three sips of soda. Seriously, if you are serving up food that is greasy, salty and begs for a sip of something refreshing every few bites, don't short change your customers. 
But aside from that one short coming it's a great place to grab a burger- maybe bring your own drink?one of the most expensive fast food burgers I've had. If you've experienced In n out, imagine their cheeseburger, but 2x-3x more expensive. Not sure what all the hype is about.
The burger itself is very good. But the small size (reminded me of a wendys 99c cheeseburger in terms of size) and the hefty price tag will keep me from this place.The staff at this location is so so great and positive! The only thing wrong with this place is that they don't have a tip jarI am not one to get a burger for lunch, or dinner for that matter, but Shake Shack is delicious. It is organized very well, and despite it having opened not too long ago, the line moved very quickly at peak lunch hours.
I had the Shack Burger and a Black & White Milkshake. I am a little girl, and burgers are usually way too big for me to enjoy/finish. This was not the case. The bun was delicious and not overpowering, the burger was small to normal size and the ShackSauce was great. The milkshake was a great compliment on a hot summer day.
I haven't been back since, but I really owe it to myself. Not to mention, the company is super green and while it was being built, they put up an awesome display to cover up the construction. Mad props Shake Shack!
Tip: heard the fries are sub-par. Opt for the milkshake.Came here w a friend as he heard about this place. It's nothing special really. The burgers are good but just small. They are no joke slightly bigger than a White Castle Slider. Then the milkshake l got was mad small too. l thought l ordered a Happy Meal from McDonalds.... but it costed $13. 
We left and got more food somewhere else. The burger was good though l'll give it that. But yea, its just a hype place but nothing actually that great about it at all. You can get good quality food for the same price somewhere else and be full.I've eaten at Shake Shack in Philly multiple times and tried various menu items: 
RittenhouseSquared and Black & White concretes--not my thing--I'd been much happier buying a pint of Haagen Daaz chocolate ice cream for a similar price and more satisfying experience, 
Shack Stack and Shroom Stack--I'm going to make a sacriligious comment and say there was WAY too much cheese in the mushroom...and paired with the breading, I felt my arteries clogging after one bite
fries--very good only when freshly made and hot
Shack Burger--too salty but otherwise satisfactory
SmokeShack--fine but felt like it was missing something--perhaps it needed lettuce
*Shake-cago hot dog--surprised at how good it was--so crisp juicy and flavorful! 
To sum it up, I'd still go back (I live around the corner, conveniently enough). Probaby to get a Shake-cago hot dog or try another one of their hot dogs!I been wanting to try this place for a while. It rivals my home burger joint in n out. I got the regular cheeseburger. The bun was great but the burger as a whole was ok. It didn't have much flavor. The fries were crispy which was great. And the shake was thick which was awesome! I don't think it lived up to the hype but it wasn't bad.Great location off Rittenhouse Sqare with a solid location-specific concrete.The shack cheeseburger is the best. Simple, juicy, tasty. Hits the spot.  It's not a huge burger but it's delicious. If you are expecting a big meal I would recommend getting a double.
The fries are pretty good but they can't compete with the burger.
Shakes are great. I always go with classic chocolate.
This location has a nice space.I love shake shack, I never really liked burger until I tried shake shack. I am very picky about my patty and buns . This patty is so flavorful, juicy and greasy, yes greasy in a delicious way. I also like their buns, not a fan of sesame buns, so this kind of soft and greasy bun is definitely a winner !  Shake shack is my comfort food, I come here when i'm in a good mood as a treat or in a bad mood to cheer me up . I have actually chosen this over brunch, so thats how good the burger is . I usually order the smoke shack, nothing could go wrong with bacon , nothing. 
Crinkle cut french fries aka my favorite kind of fries, hot and crispy , what's not to like about it ? So delicious .Great burgers, fries and shakes.  Awesome and Fun customer service.  We went on a Monday at 5:30 and they had plenty of staff working and seating.  They made jokes, took their time with each customer, without it feeling like there was a wait.  Cool decor, for a fast food burger joint, this is as good as it gets.Sorry In N' Out, but you just don't cut it when I've had Shake Shack. Yes, it's a little pricier, but that Shack 'Cago dog can never have enough sport peppers piled on, and though I'm not there for the fries, I can't say no to the cheese. Their custard of the day was Pumpkin Pie, and there's no point in getting the pie when you can eat the custard. They also let us try some of the walnut-chocolate chip from the day before, and I don't care for nuts, but this stuff is addictive! Oh, Shake Shack, when will you move to west coast?First off...I like this place...the shake I had (chocolate) was pretty tasty...the burger would have been sooooooo much better if the meat wasn't salty...and i loooove some crinkle fries but it was overloaded with salt!....it was hard to enjoy...BUT  I will give this place another try and request no salt on both fries and burger and add pickles and onion (which they dont add unless you ask)...then Ill review again...it has promise but the over salt killed it for me today.This place blew me away. The staff is really nice and helpful. The cheese fries made me tear because their so tasty. My burger was really good. The star of my meal was the black and white shake. It had a perfect consistency and the taste was out of this world.Friendly customer service! Had a great manager Thomas treat us to some free fries and extra fudge on our shake. Also after running the Broad Street Run, they gave all runners free shakes.. a perk I didn't even know about! So Shake Shack staff take care of their customers.
Shake Shack makes their mission clear and fulfills it well-- a decent burger and a delicious shake. No fuss, no mess, not fine dining, but one of the better burgers I've had. If you're looking for anything from a quick bite to a casual meet-up location to a late night snack, Shake Shack's got your back.
btw, the veggie burger? It's really good. Give it a go.Tastes like a really great fast food burger, like 5 guys, in n out burger, etc. It's a great place to go when you're craving a burger and want it fast and cheap. Their fries are also very tasty and yummy.It has arrived! After eating Shake Shack in New York City since around 2005, I hadn't gone back to the city without another stop at their awesome burger joints. Once I heard they were in Philly I went there as soon as I could - the day after they opened. I decided to get my classic order, a double Shack burger, fries, a soda (they have grape AND orange!), and a shake.
Although I've heard good things about the Smoke Shack already (yet they've only been open for less than 48 hours!!) but since I knew that I'd be coming back before I even got here, I just ordered my 'usual'. 
The meal met the quality at the NYC locations. The burger is juicy and ever so tasty, with the perfect amount of cheese and special sauce. The lettuce and bread are compliments to the experience and do not overpower anything.
Shakes are great, I've had the Caramel before and Strawberry here. I also got to try the Liberty Shell concrete, with cannoli shells from Termini Bros., it's very good.
The line can be long (rightfully so), but it moves fast. (If you're in it, and it doesn't, blame the people in front of you.) I was there at 10:30pm, and the line was only about half as long as the building its in. But once you're inside, look out for all the jerks who "reserve" a table before they have their food, or in some cases, before they even order (thanks for taking a table to sit at doing nothing for the same amount of time it'll take me to eat my meal and leave).
The seemingly excessive number of staff members were all super perky and excited to be there, even a half hour before its time to pack it up and head home.Gonna keep this short and simple 11$ for a double burger than barely fills you up and sits in the window for 5 minutes and is lukewarm? thanks but no thanks. Not great customer service either.This place sure does the business.  Stopped in for dinner one night with friends to large crowds.  I ordered the chicken sandwich and I made such a good choice.  The seating is limited, but we pulled a few chairs around a table for two.  We were able to get our food and eat, with plenty of time to get to our show.  I've seen this location for a few years and never planned on eating there,but we wanted "fast food" and thought it would be a quick choice.  Just as good as the other locations I've been to, as a franchise should be.Not being a resident of Philly we had never heard of this restaurant. We actually found it while waiting for our reservation at another restaurant across the street. Looking at the menu it just reminded us of Elevation Burger. We ordered single smoke shacks. Loved the spicy taste. Fries were good as well. Staff had great attitude as well. I will definitely come back when next in the area.I stopped by the Shack the other night on the way to pick up my wife at 30th Street Station. It was around 8:30 and a beautiful night. I found parking right in front and waited about 5 minutes in line to place my take out order. There is nice public seating areas inside and outdoor seating also.
I had the Shack Burger, Crinkle Fries and a Peanut Butter Milk Shake. May tab was about $15.00 for this. I opted for take out or to go and they gave me a pager that vibrated and lit up when my order was ready. It took about 10 minutes maximum for my food to be prepared.
I thought the burger was only pretty good to average. I would also rank it just ahead of 5 Guys. It tasted very fresh and the sauce, onion and pickles were also fresh tasting. It was kind of small. The bun for me was average at best, sort of supermarket brand bought . There was a bit of burger buzz hype going around for the shack, but for me it was just OK.
The fries were excellent, not too salty and not greasy either. 
The shake was really good but it should be for $5.00! If I go back, it would be for the shakes.
The service was very good also and the staff super friendly.Me and my girlfriend ate there she had the bacon cheeseburger and I had the mushroom cheeseburger they were both very good! We both had black and white shakes which were also very good. We plan on going back there soon!So glad one of these cane to Philly! The cheeseburgers and fries are so delicious and it's like a party in my mouth everytime I eat here! The milkshakes are like crack I literally can't stop drinking then once I start. The food here is perfect for when you want something quick and very unhealthy.We wanted to wait and see the reviews before trying this place and finally went there this week and we are very glad we did. 
The place was packed on Saturday, but we were still able to find seats for four with no problem. There were nice seatings both inside and outside. Ordering was quick and easy, the menu seems very creative and food came out pretty quickly. They even had something for dogs!
Overall, we really like the place, the place is clean, staff cleaned up tables quick, the burger was juicy and the liberty concrete hit the spot. I'm sure there's like 1000+ calories, but who's counting anyways?One that everyone talks about, and it lived up to the expectations! Burger was a little greasy, but hey it's a burger joint, what should I have expected! Enjoyed a chocolate peanut butter shake and fries with my original burger. Will have to bring my drinking pants next time to try some of their brews crafted just for the shacks!Whoever thought of combining cheese-stuffed fried mushrooms with a juicy burger patty is absolutely genius.  Shake shack takes that one step further by adding Blizzard-like custard blends to the menu, which takes care of both dinner and dessert in one delicious fell swoop.  The shack stack is the perfect combination burger with the fried stuffed portabella and a juicy beef patty topped off with a mystery sauce that seems to be a yummy combination of garlic, dijon, mayo, and ketchup.  Whatever it is, it's delicious.  Unlike the patties at other semi-gourmet chain burger places, the thick patty here isn't overcooked or too dry (Five Guys, I'm looking at you here).  The buttered bun is pretty good too.  Just be warned that the combination of huge fried cheesy mushroom and a thick burger make for a very filling meal.  It doesn't look huge but appearances can be deceiving, as we all know from Macbeth.  I also got a Rittenhouse concrete (chocolate soft serve with coffe beans, marshmallow sauce, and a rich chocolate cookie dough) so I decided to save half of my burger so that I could attack the custard.  The concrete was deliciously creamy but very very rich and quite suitable for coffee-chocolate addicts, like me. I didn't get a chance to try the fries but  they looked very fresh and my friend enjoyed his immensely; they are the crinkle-thick-cut type and a nice golden color.  Next time, for sure.  Yes, the wait is long (30+ min) and the prices are a bit high ($9 for a shack stack and $4.25 for a half concrete) but the food is great and the atmosphere inside busy and crowded but fun.  I should also note that the other half of my burger is still delicious an hour and a half later (I'm eating it as I type; I did toast it in the oven for 3 min. though).  I really do need to find the shack sauce recipe...5 star rating is due to amazing enthusiastic service. The service left me smiling for awhile after leaving the restaurant - that definitely rarely happens. Here are some additional details on the experience.
We went to the Shake Shack with a group of 5 adults and 2 (very) energetic kids. I would call it very family friendly service all around as the kids were a bit wound up. Additionally, the young lady at the counter exuded positive energy and helped me order a great meal. She also recognized us when we came back for a lemonade with a great big smile and friendly conversation.
The burger was a perfect ratio of meat to bread (usually I go "topless" with my burgers). I also really enjoyed the toppings of bacon and sweet chilies. We split a fry - a perfect size for two. Also ask for the shake shack sauce if you're keen on fry dipping, like me. Yum! They also have self serve water - very smart and convenient for those with kids or endless thirst (me). While I didn't think my vanilla caramel milkshake was earth shattering, it was solid and hit the spot. They also serve beer and have really cool hanging, live plant art.
Again, this place got five stars due to exceptional service and solid food which left a lasting impression.Burgers are very tasty, but the fries were lacking.  If they supplied fresh-cut fries, Shake Shack would get an easy five stars from me.  Their house beer is delicious.  Very friendly and helpful service.Big fan of the burgers here. The service is fast, friendly and well worth a visit of your in the area.
The only downside would be the price which is a little on the expensive side for what you get.Was looking for a quick meal and decided to give them a try. I started with something simple as a double shake shack burger with the lettuce and tomato and shake sauce with French fries and a side of cheese sauce. The price was pricey ($32 for both my husband and I) but it was definitely worth it. Including our drinks. The burger was so juicy (well done- they will ask how you want your burger) and seasoned, I could of died right there. The bun was so soft and warm. The French fries was crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. Perfect. The cheese sauce took the fries over the top. Overall, delicious fast food and I would definitely go again! If you aren't afraid of alittle money, try them out.. You will not be disappointed!I have been a customer of Shake Shack for a long time at the NYC locations. When I heard they were coming to Philly I was super excited. Customer service top notch! The burgers are a nice thick size too not those flat like burgers. The concretes are delish! I love the crinkle fries.Overpriced for what it is.  Buns should be toasted and portions should be bigger.  In N Out wins!!I'll start by saying that I haven't had the burger yet, which is what this place is known for, but there was no way I was standing in that line. Nonetheless, you'd think that at place with the name "Shake Shack" could serve up a decent shake. Not to be a stickler for proper word choice, but I wouldn't define "dense" as "about as runny as if you left it out in the sun for 5 minutes before serving it." Not impressed.Shake Shack is now in Philly. PHILLAAAAAY!
I showed up on opening night around 10:55pm. Their closing time was 11pm. Just made it. We were the last ones to order for that day. They applauded my friend - I assume cause it was their last order of their grand opening day, not because of the vast amounts of food he ordered.
Just like the NY joints, the burgers are awesome. The meat is juicy and not overdone. The buns are fatty. The milkshakes are amazing. But still pricey for a fast-food place. I dont know if Shake Shack is still considered fast food, the way it used to be before it became a global sensation... but I still consider it fast food.
There wasn't really any wait when I got there. The staff was super friendly and chatted with everyone there. And they gave us some free cheese fries - which I assume were some of their leftovers. 
I have a double burger and black & white shake. Get the shake. Seriously. Do it.
I've been to Shake Shacks in NY (albeit not all of them), DC, Dubai, and now Philly. Still making my way to CT, FL, and Kuwait.Whenever I order for my boyfriend he enjoys it every time! The customer service is always great and I never wait longer than 7 minutes for my meal!Believe me that the hype is worth it. The ShackStack was out of this world! Plus the concretes and milkshakes are to die for. I will never eat another burger other than one from Shake Shack ever again... It's just that good!Oh. My. Word. The hour+ time I spent on line waiting for my chance at the famed New York City Shake Shack burger was, without a doubt, worth every hunger-pang inducing second. And I'd do it again. The Shack Burger was perfection.  The shake, dreamy.  The employees, friendly. The ambiance, sleek. Loved it from top to bottom and back again.  Thank you, Shake Shack, for bestowing the best damn burger I've ever eaten upon the City of Brotherly Love.My favorite fast food burger... it may not blow your world away but factoring in price and speed with the quality and taste you get, this is definitely a must if you're in the mood for a burger and fries (get them with cheese) and don't feel like being in a restaurant setting. My favorite burger place of all the different fast food burger joints. Also if you have room for it, get a milkshake - they're thick and tasty!Long wait for expensive McDonalds. Shack burger was very bland. Cold fries. People allowed to sit and wait on food while others who have food wait for people to finish up. Doesn't make sense. Can't comment as to icecream. Will not eat their fast food again. Spend another few dollars at village whiskey and get a real burger!I have not actually tried the food here yet, but have been here quite a few times for frozen custard and beer!  They have your typical chocolate, strawberry, and vanilla; and also have 7 special flavors every month that are each only served one day of the week (it's in the window so you can plan accordingly) and they have special milkshakes too.  Concretes are custard with mix-ins and they're all bangin.'  I highly recommend the Center City or Rittenhouse.
I recently went there for SHACKTOBERFEST and for $10 got a Shake Shack beer stein filled with their Shackmeister Ale or Brooklyn's Oktoberfest.  It was pretty awesome.
I definitely want to eat food here and have a feeling they'll get that fifth star from me!Fast friendly service! They have the best tasting juicy hot dogs and burgers that taste like they are right off the BBQ grills!! The blueberry lemonade is sooo delishh and the old fashioned milk shakes are to die for!!This place provided a quality burger that met the hype. Solid fresh ingredients cooked very well made this a place that I would recommend. My big drawback though is the price. A double shack burger (almost 8 dollars) a shake (about $5) and fries ($3) plus tax ran me over $16. Mind you the burger is not huge, and the fries and shake only came in one regular size. I am no glutton but if I'm dropping $16 at a fast food joint, especially when I'm hungry, the portions better match the price. Or charge me less for the amount of food given. While this is a solid place it's quality didn't blow 500 degrees out of the water and it's portions didn't compare to five guys. So while I definitely recommend giving this place a go because it is delicious and will not disappoint. I can't be a regular because $16 is just too out of my price range for a fast food lunch.I would love it even more if it were magical calorie-less food, but alas I must admit I dont even care how bad it is for me when I'm devouring whiz fries and a chocolate-peanut butter shake. Sooooo good. It sells itself. The location is also accessible and I like that there are some outdoor tables. I never had to wait very long for my food despite the occasional very long line of people waiting.Having been to the original shake shack and a satellite NYC location before, I knew what I was getting when I walked in (and out) of the Philly Shake Shack a few weeks back.  12:30 is NOT the time to go.
So today I was wiser and went at 11:40 AM.
Perfect.  No line.  2 minute wait for a single burger with lettuce and tomato (no Shack-mayo for me) and a Half 'n Half made with STRAWBERRY lemonade.  I also got a taste of the Red Velvet Custard.  It was uber-rich and loaded with cake pieces and cream cheese icing.  The taste was enough - I did not need to get a cup of that caloric-disaster.
Meanwhile, my burger was great (I also enjoy the burgers at 500 degrees and when I've got cash to burn, Village Whiskey).
And they don't call me the "Empress of the Arnold Palmer" for nothin'.  That half 'n half was just what I needed.
Counter lady (I can't remember her name) was lovely and the guy cleaning the tables on the floor was a doll.  Execllent service (prior to the thundering herd that arrives at noon).
Do not come here during peak times.
It's night and day.
Oh - and they were selling a $9 (NINE Dollar!!!) artisinal Brooklyn chocolate bar at the front counter.  Come ON!  It can't be THAT good????Great place for a quick burger and fries that do not make you feel guilty.  Taste great and the shake for the kids was excellent!I've waited so long for this day to come...SHAKE SHACK PHILLY!
Service is great--super friendly and helpful. I got fries, a double shack burger with bacon, and a root beer. It's even better than I imagined it would be. Super juicy, burger, cooked perfectly (medium) and what I love most is that you can taste the meaty, beefiness because its not overly seasoned. The crinkle cut fries are crispy and salty just overall yummy. 
Total came out to just under 15 bucks and the line was crazy long (45 min wait at 2:45pm on a tues), but that's understandable since today was the first day. 
Its open 11-11 everyday and its right around the corner from me. I can't wait to try their hotdog, shakes, and custard! This is the probably the best day of my life.I had the Shack-cago dog, It was delish with pickles, onions, hot peppers, relish etc. The crinkle cut fries were crispy and good dipped in ketchup.
My husband had the Shackburger with cheese, and he thought it was not as good as Big Mac.:(
One nice thing, you can have beer with your meal.  I plan to return to try the shakes next time.It's possible that my expectations were too high, or that I don't actually like fast food-ish places all that much, but Shake Shack wasn't as great as I had hoped. I ordered a single Smoke Shack and fries to go. The fries were really good, I couldn't help but munch on them on my walk home. The burger was decent... I was a little concerned while I was waiting for my food because I noticed a sign that said burgers are cooked medium unless specified otherwise, and I normally like my burgers a little more well done. It wasn't a problem at all though -- the burgers were so thin, and it was basically cooked all the way through with just a little pink in the middle, which is how I like it. The bacon was a little chewy, but I loved the sauce and the peppers. It was nice and spicy. 
I don't think I would go back, only because it's not really worth the calories. But I'm glad I tried it.So there's this tiny, deep-fried, cheese-filled portobella cap on a potato bun that I waited about 40 minutes for. That little sucker cost me 570 calories and $7. More calories and more money than a beef burger. 
Really?
I'll be back to try the Concretes, but that "fast food" sure is slow- and expensive. 
Note: The middle-aged man working the register was a dream, and I appreciated his enthusiasm.Not sure if it's just me, but the burger and fries were ridiculously greasy-- and this is coming from someone who loves to indulge on occasion! However, the cheeseburger, fries and chocolate milkshake ultimately gave me a huge tummy ache. I took the food to go, but it was packed inside and people always speak so highly of the food that maybe it was just a fluke!First off, this isn't a review that compares Shake Shack to Five Guys, In-n-Out or the like. I'm not even going to compare it to the locations in NYC! This review is all about the Philly location and nothing more.
I went around the time that this Shake Shack opened and I must have gotten lucky. I only waited maybe 5 minutes in line, so it wasn't nearly as bad as others have been reporting. Maybe certain times of the day are better/worse?
Seating was a little crazy here, but it wasn't impossible to find a place to sit (a group left a booth while i started to find a place for my friend and I to sit).
The food was great! My Shack Burger was delicious and my cheese fries were soooo good. (The fries probably could've been a bit fresher, but overall they were still good.)
In all, it was definitely a 4 star experience. If I were in the city, I'd stop by again!Great food, great service! I chowed down on the Shack Stack, their beef burger patty topped with their shroom burger patty (a fried portobello mushroom exploding with muenster and cheddar cheese). It was also topped off with fresh lettuce and tomato and ShackSauce. Despite the fact that they're probably going to serve hundreds of burgers in the first hours of being open, my burger was a perfect medium. Say goodbye to ordering burgers at restaurants, just go to Shake Shack! I decided to forgo fries and got a "Concrete" instead (think DQ Blizzard). I got the Liberty Shell concrete, which was Vanilla custard packed with delicious cannoli shell pieces and some strawberry stuff. 
The wait was around 40 minutes, start to finish, at opening time on opening day. It still felt like fast service given the swarms of people in line ahead of us. The staff was incredibly friendly, talking to everyone in line, giving out freebies and samples, and helping wherever help was needed. This was probably the best opening of any take out restaurant I've ever witnessed. Well done!Whether it was in Philadelphia or New York, I knew I would try Shake Shack at some point during my trip.  I had to see what the big deal was about after hearing about them from friends left and right over the last couple of years:
"Shake Shack is so awesome."
"Good to know!"
"Shake Shack needs to expand to the Bay Area!"
"Haha...that amazing?"
"Shake Shack is even better than In N Out."
"Then I'll make sure to...wait, what?"
After hearing that last comment be made about another supposedly delicious East Coast burger chain, I was more than a bit skeptical.  However, unlike Five Guys, Shack Shake actually backs up the hype!
Since we already had food in tow from Federal Donuts, my friend and I decided just to share a SHACKBURGER and FRIES to go.  I was a little worried about how they would hold up during our walk back, but they turned out great.  The bun didn't entirely do it for me (wish it was toasted), but the patty was juicy, had a nice char, and was well seasoned.  As for the fries, I liked how crispy they were, but I thought they were just okay.  However, it was more personal preference - I'm not big on crinkle cut fries.
Despite my somewhat lofty expectations for them, Shake Shack still managed to impress.  The food can get a little pricey, but I think the taste justifies it.  Be sure to save some room for their frozen custards though.  I didn't try one myself, but if the shakes are any indication (they use real ice cream), I imagine my friends are right about those too.
Now, are they better than In N Out?  Possibly...but I'll need to try them again to be sure. ;)
**Apologies for the terrible picture.I was so excited to try this "great burger joint."  I went yesterday afternoon.  The wait wasn't that long.  Don't believe the hype.  The burger was not much better than Wendy's, and the fries were not hot and not all that tasty.  The burgers at Copa are much better!!!!Finally got to try Shake Shack during my recent visit to Philly. My friend and I split a double cheeseburger and an order of fries. I love the crinkle fries, and the burger was seasoned perfectly. We went around 9pm on a Wednesday, and it was busy, but we were able to find a seat. I love the interior too. Simple with a great city/neighborhood view. 
Till next time Shake Shack!Six stars. Seriously, I think about this place once a week. Sure you have to wait awhile for your food but I'd rather wait than get a tiny pre-cooked patty that's been nuked. Tasty juicy burgers and amazing fries (even better with cheese!). You can have a great meal here under $10 but splurge and try a shake or concrete during one of your visits. It's worth it!  Custard with pretzels mixed in...soooo good.Seems completely different than it did when I first reviewed.  The fries are still awesome, though.My husband & I just moved to the Rittenhouse area and stumbled across this gem on our nightly walk exploring... Best find! The service was quick - no line and great customer experience! We both ordered Shack Stack burgers... AMAZING... The mushroom, cheese and beef combined just melts in your mouth! We also shared the delicious fries and the EPIC pumpkin pie shake!! YUMMY! We definitely see another visit in the near future! Pricing was great too!Cashier girl was super rude and laughed in my face since I has a large order. Also was double charged for cheese fries and didn't even get the cheese. Buncha wankers, =[OK, so we have all been waiting for this place to open ... and the other day after work, I decided to brave the line and have my first Pennsylvania Shake Shack burger.
The food is great, I don't need to say anything about that.  I really don't like the shake sauce they put on their burgers, ask for it on the side ... its weird.
What I really wanted to do here is give praise to the staff.  They are the most friendly, most upbeat, most helpful staff of any Philadelphia restaurant ever.  When I arrived yesterday, my girlfriend and I had a long wait.  She was behind me in line, and ordered second to me.  She has a more complicated order, and somehow got it almost immediately.  I had ordered a shake burger and fries ... and waited, and waited, and waited ...
The expediter, I believe his name is David, a very nice guy, kept checking in with me, having conversation with me, and doing his best to make sure I was taken care of.  His manager, Noel (i think) came over and chatted with me.  Noel comped my check because I waited almost 15 min after my girlfriend got her food.  He asked me to come back and hoped I will have a good experience.
For that kind of excellent staff, I will absolutely come back.  I hope all of you give this place a chance, as they are so busy trying to figure out how to run an efficiently oiled machine.
PS the interior is full of recycled materials and environmentally conscious business practices.  I respect this business a lot for that.Crinkle cut fries, omg portobello burger straight from the second level of heaven. Too good! Is it the cheddar or the muenster cheese oozing out the middle? Sigh, sweet sweet calories!I've been a huge fan of Shake Shack for quite some time and I was totally excited to have them open up a location in Philly. I definitely wasn't going to wait in those crazy lines when this place opened up though. After the hype died down, I managed to stop in twice to no wait.
All in all, their burgers are a bit on the small side (something that's always been true). Are they delicious though? Yes. Are their fries good for being frozen? Yeah. Are the burgers a bit greasy? Sure. Is this a bad thing? Depends on who's asking.
I think I'm over with going out of my way for Shake Shack but I'm still a fan of their burgers. Not much of a milk shake person though.Shake Shack is doing it right! I was impressed with the flavor profile, definitely a step up from normal fast food. I had the Bird Dog with spicy tomato-simmered onions. Low calorie and more delish than your average chicken sausage. My boyfriend had the Shack Stack which was SO FREAKIN' GOOD. The cheese-stuffed shrooms and shacksauce are on point. When in need of some delicious, greasy food I'll be back. Also the employees were adorably nice.The shake shack burger is very good and the fries are stellar. My preference for the shakes would be the vanilla milk shake. Great for lunch or dinner.Not many places i can chill outside with a burger and a milkshake of decent quality. To those who hate..this is a semi fast food joint smack dab in the middle of phillys drinking scene..be happy its not a mcds or another low quality fast food chain and just run with it. You wanna get fancy, your in luck, village whiskey is across the street. I dig this place to chill old school style w a burger n shake.Ok, I get the shake shack hype now. My experience was great. The food came out fast, hot, and delicious; I was thoroughly impressed.
Positives- I got a double cheese burger and a side of cheese fries.  The fries were hot and crispy and cheese sauce was on-point, son.  The burger was put together well, fresh lettuce, and tomato, Martin's potato roll, the meat was seasoned well, and cooked to medium. Personally, I thought it was incredibly satisfying and one of the best burgers I've had in a while. The cheese was good. I couldn't taste the shake shack sauce to well in my burger, but I was OK with that. I could tell the ingredients and beef were fresh and good quality; which is a big deal for me.
Negatives- It's pricey. I won't BS you. And I felt like I could have gotten a few more fries.  The burger was also a bit greasy.  But you're eating a Damn cheese burger; that's to be expected sometimes.Double Smoke, Single Stack, Strawberry Shake, Crinkle Fries, Concrete = yummy in my tummy.
Burgers are definitely good. I'd say probably better than five guys, and definitely better than In-and-out. 
Concrete is great. Would definitely come back.This review comes with a preface~
I was in NY a year ago and walked by this place that was just crowded as hell with a line out the door, it was all bright, glittery, and "hay look at me!" I cringed. I don't do those sorts of places. I didn't even look to see what the name was. So I was in NY again a couple of weeks ago and interestingly enough... after having a burger (see my 5 Napkin review) I got back on to 8th Ave and started walking the same direction I did before. Again I passed this obnoxiously crowded place and this time I noticed it was Shake Shack. Err. I thought Shake Shack in Philly can't be this bad. And actually I tried to get in there one time months ago, but I didn't have the patience.
So yesterday I said eff it, I'm goin in! I only had to wait about 3 minutes.
[Enter the review]
I've finally become desensitized to expensive burgers. I barely flinch anymore. I didn't think the fries would be a winner so I just went with the double smoke stack (bacon cheeseburger with peppers) and a fifty/fifty. I was surprised to see so many people ordering doubles. I rarely do that myself.
I have no complaints about the burger whatsoever. It was great. The peppers were a nice touch. What really would've done it for me are crumbled bleu cheese and BBQ sauce. But the drink... half lemonade half iced tea is rip off. It's not even sweetened and it costs almost $3 for a reasonable size. That's a scumbag move. I don't see the value in that. I had to use sugar packets to get it right. I'm fortunate they had desert spoons so I could stir it. I wouldn't expect a cafe style bottled simple syrup in a burger joint so this should be sweetened already. The packets are lame. And I don't wanna hear anybody talkin about not everybody likes it sweetened. That's nonsense. This isn't a teahouse. This is fast food.
It was too cold for a shake and too cold to sit outside. The inside seating is lame. I mean really. And the to-go bag/box is cool, but the food is exposed and doesn't keep anything warm. Overall, it'll be SOME time before I come back.It's a good burger. The fries are a little salty.  I like that they have cups for the water tap on the wall.  
It doesn't really live up to the hype and long lines.  If you want a serious burger, walk across the street to Village Whiskey or make your own. If you're looking for a juicy burger on the cheap, Shake Shack will do if you don't have to wait very much.Atmosphere makes a difference to me.  I've been to the original Shake Shack in NYC, so it's really about what makes the Philly one stand out.  Well, for starters, indoor seating with Indy rock music is always a great start.  In a city with limited liquor licenses, it is great to see they got one and serve Brooklyn Brewing amongst other beers and wines.   I went with the single with cheese and a Coke Zero.  Crinkle cut fries are nothing unique so I passed to save room for a Concrete.  The burger is a great juicy and flavorful one and the onions were perfectly ripe.  The concrete though was the top attraction of the meal - vanilla custard, Termini Bros Canoli shell, lemon ricotta, and strawberry purée mixed together made for the perfect end to a great meal.  I highly recommend stopping in for the ever growing in popularity, burger.The food was excellent, very fulling. Custom Service was great. There was a guy working there, named tasheed and he was seriously the nicest person I have ever meet. As soon as I was done my food he came by and grabbed my plate for me, I also saw him going around individually asking people if they needed anything, and asked them how the food was. If that isn't called customer service I don't know what is.The worst vanilla shake ever.  Do they know to put syrup in it ? Ice cream plus milk is NOT a shake. It is ice cream and milk.  So disappointing. Zero stars on the shake.I thought my original review was in need of some updating since going back to CA and having my beloved In 'n Out. (I had previously said that my fast food burger favorite was still In 'n Out.)
Shake Shack, although on the pricier side, is definitely better than In 'n Out. It's simply a greater burger that uses high quality, well seasoned meat. That's the difference. When I went back to CA, I was actually disappointed with In 'n Out. In other words, Shake Shack ruined In 'n Out for me!
Shake Shack will cost you more than the average fast food burger but really it's in a league of its own. Worth the price you pay.The burgers are great for fast food but their prices just jumped up from pretty pricey for fast food too crazy for fast food. Burger, fries, and a float cost $20. Would be five stars if not for the price hike.