Among the restaurants that serve dumplings in Chinatown, Shang Hai 1 is definitely one of the best and probably even better than the dumplings at Dim Sum Garden. I ordered the Shanghai Crabmeat Pork Soup Dumplings, Pan Fried Soup Dumplings, and Six Treasures over Noodles. Both soup dumpling dishes (each had 6) were really delicious. Just poking a hole into the dumpling, allowing the hot juice to ooze out, is a wonderful sight. I recommend to combine the sauce with the dumpling sauce (found on the table) to makes the whole experience delicious and worth lasting. However, the Pan Fried Soup Dumplings was a different story. In fact, it tasted like a soup dumpling but with a 'bao' texture. Rough on the outside. It wasn't bad, but definitely recommend the regular soup dumplings than pan fried. In addition to this, the 6 treasures over noodle was ironically horrible. From the name, I thought this was a signature dish and supposed to be really good. 
NOPE. It was basically a noodle drowned with chili oil. There was supposed to be meat in this dish, but wasn't able to taste it because the whole dish basically tasted like chili oil. 
Service, however, was very friendly and food came out pretty fast. 
Loved the Crabmeat Pork Soup Dumplings, but overall, Shang Hai 1 is not great.Solid experience. The staff was super friendly and prompt to refill your water/tea before you could even get halfway finished.
We wanted to try a few things and we loved everything. It's so cheap compared to some of the other similar well-known restaurants.  The items we ordered even tasted better!
Highly recommend the soup dumplings as they're one of the best I've had. Also loved the beef scallion pancake. I could see myself craving this. I loaded it up with the chili provided at the table. 
Can't wait to go back!Great food, affordable pricing! Normally, the GF and I have to head into NYC for our favorite dish, Shanghai soup dumplings. We've tried other restaurants in Philly, but always leave disappointed. Finally, we tried Shanghai 1 on a friend's recommendation, and we were very pleased. Both the pork and crab + pork soup dumplings were amazing. The dumplings had a great amount of broth and flavor, and relatively thin wrappers. Staff was very friendly, and the food came quick. We have finally found our go-to dumpling spot in Philly!My first meal on a trip to Philadelphia 
Very good service, everyone walking by the table is involved. Food was perfect, we had pork pot stickers, beef chow fun which was excellent- plenty of onions and napa cabbage stalks sliced finely for texture, and tofu with ground pork. Tea was roasted rice, my cup was refilled everytime it was half full. Highly recommended.This review reflects only on the Xiao Long Bao, Beef Scallion Pancakes, Crispy Salted Chicken and Dam Dam (sic?) Noodles, all of which are on the Dim Sum Appetizers menu.  
We chose Shanghai 1 specifically for their reputation for good XLB as described by many Yelpers.  The shop is another of those long narrow houses with tables running along the north wall all the way to the restroom.  It is attractive enough with artificial flowers on each table and modern wall hangings.  The service is fast and friendly, especially if Mandarin is spoken in the exchange.  
We found the Soup Dumplings (XLB) to be very good.  The skin was thin, the soup hot and savory, and the ground pork filling, soft and tasty.  The table rocket with the dumpling vinegar was a great tool for squirting into the open pouch once the top knot was bitten off to suck out the broth.  We liked them so much, we ordered another bamboo steamer of 6 after finishing everything else.  
The Beef Scallion Pancake was likewise very enjoyable.  I did not find it overly oily given it was fried in that scalding fluid, and the beef within was tender and brought to sweet life with the Hoisin Sauce in which it had been prepared.  The Crispy Salted Chicken was their take on the fried chicken craze.  The chicken was tender, but the breading a might over-fried to a too-dark brown.  The pieces were very small and included many droplets of plain dough without any meat within.  While the taste was okay, the overall impression was underwhelming.   
Both the XLB and Pancakes were winners, while the Crispy Fried Chicken left something to be desired. I leave it to others to discuss the relative merits of the XLB created by the other shops known for this Shanghai delicacy, Dim Sum Garden and Sakura Mandarin.  If we had stopped with the first three dishes all would have been quite content.  Our son was still hungry and wanted some noodles.  He ordered the Dam Dam Noodles with Chili Sauce hoping to top off his meal with some spicy carbs.  At 19, he can afford to do that.  Unfortunately, he was disappointed with this dish.  He complained that it was tasteless and bland.  He left half of it in the bowl and declined to take the rest home. Perhaps, we should have known given the exotic spelling of the dish.  
We will stick with the Xiao Long Bao and Scallion Pancakes on future visits.We tried Shang Hai 1 on a caprice as we were looking for somewhere new. We were vacillating back and forth between Shang Hai 1 and the Hidden Gem Cafe. With good reviews from Yelp friends AJ, Sari, Hannah and Gerald, we chose Shang Hai 1.
The experience overall was solid. The staff was very friendly and attentive. They kept refilling our tea and water even though they were quite busy. The soup dumplings were excellent, as good as DSG, maybe better. The crispy chicken that AJ recommended was also really tasty with some interesting spices. We had a fried fish that was very good also.
Shang Hai 1 is a newer, hipper, younger type of restaurants that seem to be popping up lately in Chinatown. They take credit cards too which is a big plus. We are absolutely adding this place to our C-Town rotation.
4 Yelp starsI've been here 4 times, 1 time actually on Chinese New Year Weekend. This place offers authentic Chinese/Shanghainese food at a reasonable price. They even have some great dishes that remind me of home, specifically Kao Fu(Marinated Gluten) and Pork soup. 
I order the Xiao Long Bao and the Hong Shao Rou, both of which are the classic Shanghainese Dishes. They also have great rice cakes(?), and the marinated gluten is standard. They actually offer a lot of dishes unique to this restaurant and Shanghai Culture, which is what I believe makes the restaurant good. The Xiao Long Bao has a nice taste, but be sure to wait a little so you don't burn your tongue with the soup. The Hong Shao Rou doesn't have too much fat, which makes it filling and rewarding. You have to taste the marinated gluten for yourself; it's hard to describe.
Service here is nice. I actually came when there was a wait once, and they offered me tea during the wait. They accept both credit and cash, which I didn't realize until my second time there. Definitely a place to go for authentic Chinese dishes.Worst meal ever. The pork rice is soaking in oil, waitress said this is how they make it. Bad ServiceAsk for extra spicy if you want .A authentic Shanghaiese restaurant but also offer Sichuan and Taiwanese food.From left top to right corner:Pan fried pork soup dumplings,Fish fillets in chill sauce,Spicy beef noodle soup and house special rice cake.I left Shang Hai 1 with my stomach being totally satisfied.Pan fried soup dumplings are tasty,fish tasted fresh,noodles and rice cake cooked 100% perfection.Hit Shang Hai 1 if you want treat your self well!!!Above average soup dumplings, beef in beef noodle soup is so tender, popcorn chicken is a great appetizer and chili beef tendon is authentic.I ordered eggplant and beef in garlic sauce, beef scallion pancakes and chives and eggs calzone.
I loved the eggplant in garlic sauce not too sure about the beef, it just didn't taste right to me but I'm an eggplant die hard, sound right, yeah, no? Okay.
The beef scallion pancakes were pretty good, I love sweet things and it was just the right kind of sweet. I have yet to taste the eggs calzone because I am currently stuffed but I'm sure it'll be delicious just like everything else! #NomNomI tried Shang Hai 1 last weekend with my brother for the first time. We ordered the scallion pancakes with beef, beef terige, pork soup dumplings with "crabmeat", twice-cooked pork, cumin beef, and the Taiwanese fried fish seasoned with egg. The food was delicious and well-cooked. The food also was pretty authentic and served with a generous portion. Service was acceptable and we didn't wait too long for our food. The staff were friendly as well. Overall, my experience there was enjoyable. If you like spicy and greasy food such as noodles, soup, and dumplings, you will enjoy this restaurant.Strange combination... Shangahi cuisine and Taiwanese cuisine?  But whatever, as long as the food is good, I am happy. 
We ordered Chinese meatballs and Hakka Stir Fry.  Both were decent.  And the service was fast and friendly.  Prices are very reasonable.  Too bad we don't live nearby.
By the way, as another reviewer has noticed, their AC is obviously having issue.  Kinda hot and muggy inside the restaurant in the middle of summer.Since I come from NY with lots of Chinese food, I thought that the food quality in Philly was not that great. But I got impressed my the quality of this place. I ordered: 
- String beans. Well done. Great spice to salt concentration
- Beef dish. Not too salty and not bland. Well done
- Shanghai Xiao Long Bao. Well done. Great soup taste. 
Definitely a great place to come for Asian food!Very nice girl working in Frontdesk, good food. I order stem dumpin noodle soup,chives and egg calzone, Shanghai dumplings. It all was served promptly and was Very very good. I will be back when next in Philly.Delicious! Cold cucumber, snow pea leaves, sautéed green beans, smoked fish, mock chicken.Replacing what was Tea Magic, this place has really surprised me. In a Chinatown where the soup dumpling game has become more competitive through the years, Shanghai Number 1 is a solid contender as the new kids on the block. I would even dare say they are the best of Chinatown and I do not prefer using absolute words when unnecessary. 
There's a good amount of soup with a perfect meat and dumpling texture. I don't know if I'm revealing their big secret or not: they prepare their soup dumplings as you order, not refrigerated and made from who knows when. That sole distinction alone made a huge difference in the dining experience. 
I can only wholeheartedly recommend the soup dumplings. The scallion pancake, offered in plain and with beef, was good but nothing special. I'll try their fried whole fish that they recommended next time!Great first experience. Service was perfect and very friendly. We were recommended the pork soup dumplings and the beef scallion pancake. Both were fantastic and came out very fast. Can't wait to try everything.
Also, everything was clean from the dining room to the bathroom which is a big plus.I went to Shanghai 1 with a group of 8 yesterday. We were craving soup dumplings and one of the guys in the group wanted to try out a new place (as opposed to the usual 'dim sum garden'). 
My sister and I ordered steamed soup dumplings, cold cucumber, and a beef with chili pepper soup. Some of our friends got the Dan Dan noodles, the Taiwanese beef noodle soup, and the sweet and sour soup. 
The soup dumplings were good (not much different from Sakura or dim sum garden), but unfortunately nothing else was. 
The beef w/chili pepper tasted not like a soup, but like sautéed beef thrown into a bowl of noodles and hot water. The broth tasted more like oil residue than anything else. 
The Dan Dan noodles were bland. More reminiscent of spaghetti you'd get from your school cafeteria than Dan Dan. 
I tried the other soups as well and wasn't a fan of either. 
The worst part was that once we left, one of our friends let us know that they'd once found a cooked cockroach in one of their soup dumplings -_-. This was apparently a few years back, but it still made me feel super uneasy. Given everything, I definitely don't think it's worthwhile coming.Dumplings were excellent, taste as good as Joe's Shanghai in NY. I would definitely go again. I ordered all and Wu Xi was my favorite.Shanghai 1 is similar to the other restaurants in Chinatown. Similar dish menus, type of service, and aesthetics. However one thing that surprised me today was how fast our food came out. My church brothers and sisters, and I reserved 15 people at Shanghai 1, which they were very accomodating. We had a lot to order from two separate tables and they were very quick with bringing the dishes to our tables. We had spicy pork belly, Shanghai-nese stir fried rice cakes (which was one of my favorite dishes today), soup dumplings, and bok choy. I'm glad to know that I can come here if a group of friends and I want to eat Authentic Shanghai food!I ordered the szhechuan tofu over rice & it was extremely spicy! Covered with oily spices, be prepared when ordering spicy dishes. The food was yummy & the atmosphere was homey. The only thing that got me annoyed was the fact that they dont have spoons on the table and you have to ask them for a spoon with most meals.Ordered delivery through the Yelp app. It was delivered quickly but the restaurant did not pack the order properly for delivery. We ordered noodle soup, chicken and broccoli, and dumplings. The noodle soup opened up and leaked all over everything and made it all a soggy mess. The delivery guy complained about the restaurants packaging, but I'd say he had a right too. Also we ordered two different kinds of dumplings. The steamed soup dumplings were good. The fried ones were raw and soggy on the inside. The food that was cooked properly was just average at best. I wouldn't recommend this place or order from here again. Maybe people get a better experience dining in.Went here for dinner on a Thursday night with two other friends. There is a wide selection of shanghainese food on the menu and the restaurant wasn't too crowded. However, I was a bit disappointed by the food.
We ordered rice cakes with cabbage and shredded pork, stir fry udon, pork and crab soup dumplings, and pan fried soup dumplings. I wasn't a huge fan of the soup dumplings, mostly because they kept breaking and partly because I didn't really enjoy their flavour. The pan fried dumpling skins were too thick and the meat inside tasted too sweet. As for the rice cakes, it was clear that the restaurant hadn't soaked them long enough in water prior to cooking because they were still hard. However, the udon was not bad. Overall, this place is a nice for a quick bite and I do like their large selection. Would not be opposed to trying some other things on their menu, but definitely not worth it if you are looking for great soup dumplings.This would be my 3rd time dining there. The place is always empty when I go in which I don't think is a good thing but here's my reasoning for the 3 stars.. 
1st star go to the kind servers, always quick and humble service and always smiling which is nice. 
2nd star for the salt & pepper squid, OMG, probably the 3rd best I've had in Chinatown
3rd star; being nice
Really though, I've never been blown away or satisfied while dining here. The first time I went in I had a cold and left work early so I Yelped soup in Chinatown and this place showed up. I had a hot piping bowl of wonton soup and a hot tea. The broth in the wonton soup was so beyond BLAND. The broth was clear, like clear clear. Not even the faintest hint of yellow or brown in a normal broth, but anyway.. My other gripe was the hot tea. Every time I've had the hot tea here there's absolutely no flavor! I feel like they just reuse and reside the same tea leaves the whole day, just adding hot water as needed into the pot. I could be wrong about this but my opinion.. 
The second time I had the salt and pepper chicken wings.. Extremely good, had the hot tea and again and you can guess my opinion on that one.. 
Today was my third and I'm afraid last time I'll be eating here.. We had the scallion pancakes; good, oily (not complaining I actually really like oily food) but sadly bland :( 
The salt and pepper squid. Fantastic 
Next was the chicken wings: very delicious 
Last but not least the soup dumplings.. Boring 
I also would add that my water glass had lipstick on it, anyhooooI discovered this little gem when my husband and I wanted to try something new in Chinatown. Now I come here regularly whenever I'm in the city and bring friends here too. 
We always get the soup dumplings (xlb) and they are very consistent in taste and quality. I've tried soup dumplings at other Chinese restaurants but they're not very good so glad to find this one... And you don't need to wait for a long time like if you were at the  popular xlb place in the area. 
Their Taiwanese pan fried dumplings are also very tasty, but a bit too greasy for my preference. The crispy chicken is also good but would taste better with sauce, so we ask for some sweet chili sauce on the side. 
We've tried other dishes like the main entrees and noodles and so far they have all turned out delicious. Definitely worth a try if you are looking for a new place to eat at!Really should be 3.5.  As they just opened, the operations and wait staff were just getting their tempo down.  But they couldn't have been kinder or more earnest.
The restaurant was brand new and looked great.
The food was above par for most of Phila China town.  Some great unique flavors.  Fresh ingredients.  An interesting mix of Szechuan and Dim Sum.  Great rice tea.  Will definitely come back.Came here on a cold winter day after new year. Wonton soup really picked me up. It was good memory. I've never talked to the person who shared the food with me tho.Not very Shanghai but still a good place for common chinese food.This tastes very close to authentic Shanghaiese food. Xia Lang bao is delicious. They have some sort of pancake with beef, but it was too heavy. The braised pork with book choy was wonderful!A friend of mine and I love their soup dumplings! Get the ones with crabmeat and pork (combination).New establishment. Since the menu says "Shanghai & Taiwanese Cuisine", as a Taiwanese and missing dearly my grandma's awesome Shanghai home dishes, I have got to give this place a try. Place was clean and staffs are attentive. Over all, our orders came out pretty good. Its Beef Scallion Pancake was a 10! The best scallion pancake we have had in Philly so far. It's flaky and crunchy...and yes...it's oily too. We could actually taste the crabmeat in its Crabmeat Dumpling and they were larger in size than typical dim sun place. Pan Fried Dumpling also taste great. Only one small issue; we both thought the dough was a bit too soft and puffy. It lacked the chewiness from high gluten dough for us. The only dish that disappointed me slightly was the Marinated Gluten. The flavor was there, BUT Its gluten was cut, not hand shredded, and not fried long enough before cooking. According to my dear grandma, those are the two things you can't mess around on a good dish of Marinated Gluten.I like their soup dumpling very much. They are fast,delicious and super cheap. Tried couple dumplings here and they were all good. We got experimental and ordered regular menu but they were so so. I will stick to dumplings only from now on.I've been to this place 4 times already, all of which were satisfying. My favorite has always been Joe's shanghai but of course philly would offer no such pleasure. So shanghai1 will do. I recommend the crabmeat and pork soup dumplings and the scallion pancakes. The scallion pancake with meat inside is good too when you want to spice up your usual. I have yet to try much else, but from what I've already tried, just stick to the soup dumplings and basics.
I use to enjoy sakura/sakuza, but it seems the chef has changed because the flaky scallion pancakes doesn't taste the same. And dim sum garden was never an option since their food (to me) is horrible. Their soup dumplings skin is too thick and doughy  and their dumpling sauce is lacking. I always preferred the red vinegary ginger soy goodness of dips.
Hope this helps!
4 stars only because their other food isn't much to rave about.I loved Shang Hai 1! Great food, casual atmosphere, good service. You'll definitely see me back here again. 
We came in and ordered food around 2:30pm. The restaurant itself was pretty sparse at that time. Here's what we ordered: 
Beef Scallion Pancake (台式牛肉夹饼): Yum! The scallion pancake was light and crispy. The beef was also very yummy. I do have to complain about the sauce. They used something that tasted like duck sauce inside the pancake, and I feel like they put too much of it in there. If they would just put a little less, this would be the perfect appetizer. 
Shanghai Style Udon (上海粗炒面): This is your basic Americanized Chinese food. It was good, and I liked that it came with bok choy. 
Sauteed String Bean（干煸四季豆): This dish had good flavor. I wish it was a little more cooked though, because the string beans were too hard for my taste. 
Fish Fillet in Chili Sauce（水煮鱼片饭): Ugh, this dish MADE my experience here. I loved this dish. The waiter asked me if I wanted it to be spicy or less spicy. I said less spicy (cuz I'm a wimp and can't handle the spice). But I guess their definitely of "less spicy" is just no spice, because there was barely any spice on it. I can't believe I'm saying this, but I wish it were a little more spicy. Next time, I'll just tell them I want it regular spicy. Anyway, this dish was so flavorful. The fish was yummy. We had a lot of leftovers, so I took home the rest, and was so excited to be having it again for dinner LOL. 
Our waiter was really nice and accommodating. He asked if we wanted extra rice to go with the leftovers, and packed everything for us! Overall, I will definitely be back here again. If my friends ask to meet in Chinatown, I'll definitely be recommending this place as one of the options.So yummy!
I want to go back!  We were in Philly for the day yesterday as my husband was scheduled to see a specialty dentist not far away.  Scored a great parking spot on the way so knew the day was going to be a good one :)  Our strategy backfired though.  For one, we didn't want to put all our eggs in one basket so we were going to nibble our way through Chinatown and hit up more than one place and we didn't want to have our eyes bigger than our stomachs with too much leftover.  But it backfired because all I can think about is ordering more food from Shang Hai 1.
We ordered steamed xlb and pan fried as well as scallion pancake, egg and chive calzone (great name for it!) and salted fried squid.  As each one came out, we were so surprised at how much we enjoyed each dish.  Service was very attentive and the restaurant had a nice clean attractive vibe to it.  
No photos to share as they were all taken on my daughter's phone but this is actually a good thing or my mouth would be watering in fond memory.  Sat near front where there was Chinese music videos playing and a slideshow of all of the dishes.  This made the anticipation more fun.
Next dental appointment is not until July but we will have to plan another day trip to Philly sooner than that.  I will definitely be back!Best soup dumplings in Philly. I've only had their soup dumplings, did not try anything else on the menu.Came in to try a few more dishes. The atmosphere is always very nice and calm here. The wait staff are friendly and attentive. I came here once with my sisters and their 5 kids, most around toddler age and everyone was extremely accommodating. I was a big fan of the Shanghai style udon and the braised pork over rice with egg.  Of course I always have to get soup dumplings and either the beef scallion pancake or regular scallion pancakes whenever I come. This is one of my favorite places in Chinatown!Stopped by for lunch with my sister because I was craving for soup dumpling. Soup dumpling satisfied my Craving, but it could be a little more soupy and the vinegar could be a little more sour. (I am use to having the vinegar with some shredded ginger mix together). Also tried the crab dumpling, presentation was cute, but didn't quite taste the crab.What a terrific new addition to Chinatown.  This new restaurant is nice on the eyes and great on the tongue.  The food is Shanghai and Taiwanese cuisines .... and a good idea is probably to order something from both of these Chinese culinary traditions.  The one appetizer you must try without a doubt are the incredible beef scallion pancakes from Taiwan.  With beef, scallions, and an oyster sauce inside - you will not want to share them with anyone else at your table.  You want to eat them all yourself! 
And to add to the great dining experience at this restaurant, the service was extremely attentive and friendly.
With the current Korean chicken craze in full flame, I'm planning on coming back to Shanghai 1 to try their Taiwanese lightly salted chicken.  Everyone tells me it is really tasty.  Judging by what I've already eaten at this restaurant, I believe it!dan dan noodles and soup dumplings are delicious. they're my go to. this place is reasonably priced and I like getting take out from here after work when I dont feel like cooking. The food tastes just as good dine-in or take out. 
  highly recommend! enjoy!Delicious!!! We got steamed soup dumplings that were amazing and eggplant in garlic sauce that was on point!!! The wait staff was also very attentive and friendly. I highly recommend!!!This place has some more adventurous offerings compared to some of the other restaurants serving similar fare. The shanghai noodles are awesome, and the chengdu fried rice is great too. Also really into the dandan tofu- what?! Never had that anywhere elseI heard there was a new soup dumpling establishment in chinatown so I made my way over. I ordered the pork soup dumplings, beef scallion pancakes, and dam dam noodles. The soup dumplings had an herbal taste to them which I wasn't a fan of but the dumplings' skin were thin and I liked that. They were also lacking in soup which is primarily the sole purpose of the dish. The beef scallion pancakes were crisp but unfortunately the bbq beef which taste of hoisin sauce was too sweet and over powering. Lastly the dam dam noodles weren't very memorable. The noodles were overcooked and spicy minced pork were too oily and lacking in depth of flavor, I could only taste the spiciness from the dish. Overall, I wouldn't make my way back to this restaurant.I thought that this place might have good food, so I came in for a try today while I was in Chinatown waiting for a Greyhound. 
There were a pretty good number of customers here despite the unusual hour (2:30/3, not quite lunch and not quite dinner) and people here seemed to like it. Perhaps I just ordered the wrong thing, but I thought they'd be known for their Dim Sum appetizers, particularly the soup dumplings...
I ordered pork soup dumplings and crispy salted chicken and asked to keep a menu, planning to order more (especially if the food was good). The soup dumplings were alright; the flavor was good and there was a lot of meat as well as soup inside, I thought the meat:soup ratio was not bad because some places make very dry soup dumplings. What I didn't like about these was that the meat inside was kind of tough (maybe cooked for too long?) and the skin was a little too thick. It was also a little annoying because the skin kept sticking to my chopsticks--I have never, ever had this problem anywhere else before, but maybe it's because ShangHai 1 uses plastic chopsticks and other places I've been to use wood? I'm not sure because I usually don't pay attention to those kinds of things, but it's a possibility.
The chicken I ordered completely threw off my appetite. I expected something like Taiwanese fried/popcorn chicken because that's what it looked like in the picture, but what I received was something that looked like fried chicken scraps. I didn't even really taste any meat... it was like I only ordered the fried outside of the chicken. I like fried and crispy things, but even this didn't do it for me because it was more hard than crispy. The flavor was not good at all, which is surprising because it's hard to mess up salt and pepper chicken... In addition, the chicken tasted like it was fried in days old oil. 
I originally thought about giving 3 stars but I knocked it down to 2 because the chicken was so awful. I don't doubt that other dishes at this restaurant are tasty, but I don't even want to eat anything else after having the chicken.I don't understand what's going on here...cold dishes arrived quickly from already prepared area in front counter...seaweed and wood ear mushrooms ( good but only had one mushroom and had to request more mushrooms) and mock duck (which I am not sure they even make in house but was light and really good for gluten)...then Mrs. Song's fish soup came out and all hell broke loose...it tasted like water with egg whites and teeny tiny bits of fish..when we mentioned it had no flavor the waitress brought over vinegar! Then the head waiter ( a tall skinny guy with a beard) tried to explain this mess to us! We said it tasted like water and that stock should of been used..he quickly gathered up the bowls but oddly placing one on the edge of the table as we told him we would like to order the smoked fish noodle soup...the bowl sat there as we did never to receive the other soup order and the waiter from that point on ignored us..we paid the bill and left hungry and went a couple of doors down and got 2 curry chicken buns...what???? This was one of many places recently reviewed in the Inquirer...The shanghai crabmeat pork soup dumpling is very good. The shanghai steamed pork dumpling is good too. The crabmeat dumpling is one of their popular dishes. I had stir fried noodles (ho fun), it is ok, not recommended.For those who don't like spicy, oily, and robust foods, Shanghai food is the lightest in terms of those categories. Think lots of noodles, dumplings, and soups. This is a good representative of Taiwan and shang hai (I'm Taiwanese) in terms of their lighter cuisines. 
This place does thier soup dumplings right. Makes sense b/c thats where the soup dumpling comes from! I recommend a sharing of this if you're gonna come here. The staff here are very attentive and definitely refill your tea often and the service is good. Its a middle aged lady and some younger women who work on the side. It's a cleaner, modern, and less dingy restaurant in Chinatown if you're into that kind of aesthetics. 
Good for family, kids, friends, couples and very casual. 
I recommend this, a good stir fry rice cake dish, and finish it off with their glutinous rice dumpling soup cooked in wine. Very traditional Shang hai meal. Everything here is a cleaner taste so it's good for the health conscious, hypertensive, and those who don't want their sinuses drained out.Came here for the minced pork over rice and bit into pieces that were hard as a rock multiple times. I decided to shift through my food and believe they are bone fragments. I also found some paper material in my minced pork. I use to recommend this place but will no longer do so. I shouldn't have to worry about cracking my teeth when eating minced pork.Wonderful service! Food was excellent! I've never had such good Asian food. My drinks were always full. I ordered general tao's spicy. Not that spicy it was flavorful and delicious! The rice was soo good I love steamed rice and I don't know why but it was the best I had! The dumplings are tasty! It was also very clean!Been here twice already. I really like the food. Taste really good. Not too greasy. Place is a little small. Even during busy hours service is still amazing. I really love the Braised rice. Taiwanese specialty. This place makes it closest to when I had it in Asia. Love it.This is my favorite place to go with my boyfriend if we wanna eat good food and fast. Anytime we walk in there's no wait and we get the food super fast. I love all of the soup dumplings, my favorite in all of Philly hands down. The scallion pancakes are delicious and so is the braised pork with rice! Also it's cheap and very filling. We go almost once a week, I love it!Best soup dumplings I've had in Philadelphia so far. Even the crab meat pork soup dumplings are not bad. I think dim sum garden's are too greasy with low quality meat, but Shanghai 1's are slightly better. Nowhere near the standards in Asia but passable. 
Other than that, the Taiwanese popcorn chicken is decent, but probably needs more (or any) basil. Other favorites include a the pork and za cai noodles, the beef scallion pancake (though I think it's overrated like some others have said), the pan fried pork buns, and the fried rice cakes with bamboo and veg. 
Good place for group dinners and takeout (went with 6 people and spent about 60 before tip)..It was great food. The pork shrimp soup dumpling was great. The service was fair, not great but exceeding china town standards. Would come again.My first time in Philly's Chinatown! My family is from Shanghai, so I was really eager to try the Shanghai Pan Fried Pork Soup Buns. They were delicious, but not the most authentic ones I've had... I would still recommend them though! I also ordered the Beef Noodle Soup Taiwanese Style. I would suggest adding chili paste to the dish if you like your food spicy. I added 2 spoonfuls of chili paste and the flavor was great. Also, the beef was sooo tender! It was like eating tofu. The best thing about this restaurant is the crazy fast service. We got our food less than 10 minutes after ordering!!The food comes out so fast while still being very fresh. The house nian gao was savory with the right balance of chewiness and toughness. The eggplant with garlic sauce was so good, and the beef scallion pancake was crispy and flavorful...just the way I like it!Very good service and food. We were only here to snack so we ordered the just the fish soup and the pancake with shredded spicy beef. Both items were delicious. We will definitely come back to try other dishes in the future.Pork soup dumplings are one of my favorite dishes and this place didn't meet my expectations. (that's probably because I've had this dish from so many places and I'm particular about it) However that's okay because the entrees made it up. I had the braised pork with egg over rice. I have to say it wasn't bad, so it's good. Their braised pork mao's style is also good.  
It's a good place to try. I'll try some other dishes when I come back again.Visited here based on previous reviews! They were accurate and we enjoyed everything we ordered! The crabmeat pork soup dumplings were good, flavorful broth! The cheese wontons were plump and very tasty! The fried rice was satisfying, good portion and lots of veggies! The minced pork with egg over rice (rich and fragrant) was OUTSTANDING and one of my all-time favorites! Bring your appetite! Service was fast and prices reasonable!Awesome place, new clean, nice prices and courteous. I didn't get to try much variety because of tooth problem but I got the beef noodle soup and it was quite good. Just the right enough taste, and definitely not too heavy. Definitely nice service though, didnt mind me asking a little too much questions because of my tooth issue and spoke english which is always a plus here, even patiently showed me what the food I was questioning about was going to look like. 
The shandhai soup dumpling was really really good. I definitely will get one of those soup dumplings again. And be back to check out the other food. 
My friends got the spicy noodle dishes, both soup and stir fry ones, and they were happy with what they got too. The spiciness wasnt over the top. 
The price is good, enough to fill you up. A great place to eat casually with family and friends when out a chinatown.Great soup dumplings and scallion pancakes. Love the crab personally but great little place! Reasonable prices and great food.This is a hidden gem in Chinatown - there was no wait on a Saturday night. We got one soup dumpling, pan fried dumplings,and braised pork rice. The servings were large and the soup dumplings were better than what we've had elsewhere in Chinatown.It was cold, wet, and a windy night in Chinatown Philadelphia. We were all hungry after visiting the Christmas Village for the holidays and with several restaurants across from us, we decided to choose this place for their decent reviews.
I ordered the Taiwanese beef noodle soup and beef scallion pancake for appetizer. I am fortunate enough to be living in Las Vegas for nine years where Asian soup from different parts of the world is not hard to find. I would have to say that the beef soup here was less than satisfaction. I prefer my meat cut smaller rather than large chunks, but the meat was very tender. The broth overall was good, but I prefer the Taiwanese  beef noodle soup at Noodle Pot in Vegas.
As for the beef scallion pancakes that seems to be very popular here, is not so popular with me. The sauce was too sweet for me and the pancake was a little bit chewy. The temperature was almost at room temperature that may had contributed for being a little bit chewy. Liang's Kitchen in Vegas has awesome beef scallion pancakes served warm and is seasoned well.
The ladies were great and service was super quick. However, when in Chinatown, I would try other places before coming back here again.Surprisingly good meal- 12 pork soup dumplings, pan fried pork buns, chives and egg calzones, stir fried shredded potato, and a Buddhist delight casserole. 
Soup dumplings did not disappoint. The wrapper wasn't too thick.Hmmmm i was confused about what to eat tonight
I passed this place and i thought yeahhh we will try why not...the place looks new and clean
But the food is way beyond expectation
Compared to other chinese or asian resto like empress,penang,tai lake,sang kee or jade harbour even mai lay wah...thumbs down
Dissatisfied! Sorry from the chicken...soup or veggies...not a fan...i was about to peek who is the chef...
The portion is very small..and most importantly unflavour
I'm sorry to say...but i won't recommend this place :(Forget about the cheese steaks, this is absolutely a Philly must try. (If you wanna have some authentic Chinese food).I decided to try soup dumplings for the first time yesterday. I noticed across the street from the supermarket this restaurant was open. As soon as I walked in the door I was greeted by a hostess and was seated promptly. I must've walked in just as they were open because they were getting ready for service. I ordered the soup dumplings and a large fried rice w/shrimp. The food was ready quick and served nice and hot. One of the waiters at the restaurant was nice enough to show me how to properly eat a soup dumpling. For this being my first time, the experience was a very enjoyable one. The place was clean and the service was excellent. After downing my dumplings, I ran out a room for the shrimp fried rice. So I took it home and ate it as a midnight snack. I must say that was one of the best shrimp fried rice dishes I have ever had!!I want to thank the staff at the Shanghai restaurant and I promise I will be back soon!!We happened to be driving through Philadelphia and decided to stop by Chinatown. This restaurant was right on the corner. It wasn't very busy when we walked in because it was off peek times but it definitely picked up during our lunch. 
The guy working the front and also taking our order was Chinese and very Americanized, so he was friendly taking out orders. The restaurant is very clean, organized and up to date with tablets putting the orders in!
HOLY SMOKES! Please order the soup dumplings, it was the best I've ever had. It's like a big steamed dumpling with meat inside and a delicious broth. You put it on a big spoon and slurp! If you want added flavor they have this soy sauce  vinegar container on the table. I also ordered the basil chicken ginger in a clay pot but that was just ok. It was very boney and dry with a sweet flavor. I'm used to that dish being saucier, I took a lot of the leftovers home but it's still sitting in my fridge. We also ordered the cucumbers for some refreshing crunchy veggies. It was heavily salted but really delicious. 
If I ever drive through Philly Chinatown again, I would have 2 orders of the soup dumplings!I have gone here before and I can truthfully say their soup dumplings are the best in chinatown! Do delicious! It's always easy to find seating, and their beef scallion pan cakes are the bomb. I have always enjoyed the customer service and the food. Highly recommended.Shanghai dim sum, my favorite food. Ordered Shanghai crabmeat pork soup dumpling and Wuxi soup dumpling. Great!My go-to spot for authentic, homey Chinese food in Philadelphia. 
When I moved to Philadelphia two years ago, I was pleasantly surprised to very quickly find this gem of a spot that served all my hometown favorites, in a clean, comfortable environment without the bells and whistles. 
I'd highly recommend for anyone looking for an authentic, low key Chinese restaurant that has an extensive menu with all the childhood favs of a Chinese American.Been here twice now. Both times got Xiao Long Bao and pepper fried chicken. Both are very good. Xiao Long Bao I would claim to be the best I've had in US. 10 pts for the flavor and 9 pts for the appearance. The skin was thin as it is supposed to be. The filling was just sweet enough. Just feel like breakfast restaurants back home in Shanghai. For that alone I would recommend this place. Pepper fried chicken was also on the sweet side. The sauce was a good complement to neutralize the sweetness in the chicken. This time also got pork over rice. There was, I think, too much meat and soup. The rice was a little drenched in the soup from the pork and the meat portion starts to take over rice. The portions here are big. I finished only half of my food so guess tomorrow morning I'll have a big breakfast.
Parking in ctwon is hard on weekends. Service here is friendly and fast. The price isn't cheap but I would say it is fair.At first, I didn't notice this was a restaurant until my friend decided to eat in here. It was small and had simple decor. The waitress leaves a sake bottle filled with water on the side just in case you need to refill your own glasses. 
I ordered some dam dam noodles and pork soup dumplings. 
Just a tip, stir the dam dam noodles thoroughly and add salt if needed. It was somewhat bland and wasn't as spicy as I thought it would be. 
The pork soup dumplings were steaming hot and were great for their price. You probably won't need any sauce for this but I recommend chili oil if you want a certain kick out of it.
My friend ordered some pan fried noodles and the sauce beneath was sooo flavorful. It was worth it but there was one thing in there that was somewhat disgusting to me. I think it was either a bamboo shoot or lotus root. It tastes bitter and had a nasty aftertaste that I could not put my finger on.
My other friend ordered some beef pancakes and volcano chicken with rice. The pancakes were subtly sweet and fluffy and would recommend as a starting appetizer. The volcano chicken had soooo many chili peppers but apparently not spicy at all and so it came off as somewhat bland. 
The service was okay since we had to wait a while for our check to appear. 
All in all, food was great and prices are superb.Best thing on the menu were the scallion pancakes with beef. The sauce that was used tasted like Peking duck wrap, except in a crunchy scallion pancake. Everything else was good but not memorable.The Wu Xi Dumplings were very good (the shrimp & pork soup dumplings just okay.)
I would be willing to try them again - but need to be more adventurous in what I try because some of their sauces seemed very bland to me, and there are too many ridiculously good places around to stick with bland...
Their white rice was probably perfect however- the best for eating with chopsticks and that perfect slightly sticky texture I haven't had in ages!
Staff was friendly and food came out pretty quickly, which along with decent prices made it a good spot for lunch hour during the week.小籠包的價錢是不貴，但是汁太混，肉腥味太重，顯然是處理的時間太倉促。其它小菜還可以，價錢很實惠！
一般不是太挑剔的客人，可以吃個飽餐！Visiting with another family and kids. Surprisingly even the kids found something to eat. Everything we ordered was great (soup dumplings, peking pork chop, shanghai udon, cheese wonton). Staff was helpful in making recommendations.Super nice staffs, clean and good location, price is fare, most importantly the taste is so good! Totally local shanghaied and Taiwanese cuisine! So American Chinese food!Food is not the best. Took for ever to get menus after getting seating. Only odered fried dumpling, soup dumpling and a rice bowl. Rice bowl came out. Took the soup dumplings a while to come and after seating and ordering for over half an hour the fried dumpling didn't even come. Asked waiters they say it is coming. Waited an additional 5-7mins and still hasnt come. We left paying only for what we ate.We were pleasantly surprised by the very home cooked and fresh food.  The restaurant itself is extremely clean and the staff spoke very good English.  They have a single restroom however, it was by far the cleanest of any place in Chinatown.Ran in for a quick lunch and wanted soup dumplings. Big yum! Fast service and good prices.Ask for extra spicy if you want .A authentic Shanghaiese restaurant but also offer Sichuan and Taiwanese food.From left top to right corner:Pan fried pork soup dumplings,Fish fillets in chill sauce,Spicy beef noodle soup and house special rice cake.I left Shang Hai 1 with my stomach being totally satisfied.Pan fried soup dumplings are tasty,fish tasted fresh,noodles and rice cake cooked 100% perfection.Hit Shang Hai 1 if you want treat your self well!!!Stopped by here last night for dinner. I had a bowl of hot and sour soup, and an order of vegetarian dumplings. It was very good plus they give you a lot! I couldn't finish them, so I had to take the rest of it home. Service was also very good, and fast. I was impressed.As someone that has eaten a lot of xiaolongbao, I was pretty happy with Shanghai 1. It's extremely difficult to find decent xiaolongbao, and while there's isn't bursting with soup, it is there. Definitely worth getting. We also got the fried chicken, doumiao (Chinese vegetable), the fried xiaolongbao, and the scallion pancakes with meat. All good, but a bit on the greasy side. Overall good restaurant, clean, and just a little pricy by Chinatown standards. Would go againClean, affordable and amazing dishes! Came here one evening when we couldn't decide on where to take a friend visiting from London and we are so glad we picked Shang hai 1! Only bummer is they dont deliver.This place is as average as it gets for Chinatown eating establishments. Wanting to try both the Taiwanese and Shanghainese items on the menu, we ordered the beef scallion pancake (TW), rice cake soup (SH), and minced pork over rice (TW). The beef scallion pancake was spot on flavor wise, but was messy due to poor construction. The rice cake soup had snow peas and carrots in it, making it a very Americanized rendition. Finally, the minced pork over rice, while authentic, lacked seasoning. 
ShangHai 1 is very new, so perhaps the food will get better over time. Maybe I'll come back to try the xiaolongbao other reviewers have enjoyed!Came to try it out for the first time. Order dumplings noodles and a pan cake to go. Sitting here waiting for around 30 minutes plus. While others who came before me ordered more than me got their food and left. Not good!!!! I've still haven't even try the food yet!!!!
So finally after 40 minutes of waiting I got my foods. Dam dam noodles, noodles over cooked. Feels like mush in my mouth. Noodles should be aldente correct me if I spelled it wrong. Shanghai dumpling, it's bigger than the two Shanghai gardens old one and new one. But not better. I think the frozen I buy from the super market is better. Oyster pancake or omelette. It had no crispy was to it. It's more like mush and it doesn't seem like it been cook on a hot pan or skillet. I've worked in the restaurant for ten years. I been trained on Chinese, Vietnamese, American, and a lot of different cultures of food. So I know my stuff. This is sad. If I could make your food at home and better. I'm not going back to your place anytime soon. I might give it one more shot but not anytime soonService was good..
Takes credit cards 15$ min..
The panfried pork soup  dumplings were great...but drier inside than most..
Spring rolls just average..
Beef and chilli pancake was good but not spicy as expected..
Overall goodThe pork soup dumplings are sooo bomb and their mascot is so cute too :))  this is my second time coming here and everything was clean fresh and very tasty12/27日去这家店里点了酱鸭，我的家人吃了后当晩不舒服，拉肚子，第二天28日下午去店里找经理解决，一天后，29日下午才接到经理的短信，要求必须要有医院检查结果，这已经是两天以后，一个18岁的孩子吃了不新鲜的东西，拉了一天肚子全空了，凭着自身免疫力就能慢慢恢复！请问去医院能查出什么？很烂的店This place is one of my favorite new discoveries in Philly.  We've been getting take-out from here 2-3 times a week, and are showing no signs of slowing down.   
Everything seems to be delicious here, but some favorites are the Cold Cucumber appetizer, Shang Hai Bok Choy, Taiwanese ginger basil chicken (I prefer boneless), Double Cooked Pork, and their fish dishes are usually great too.  My girl likes the Pork Soup Dumplings, and I'm really looking forward to trying the Beef Scallion Pancake that everyone seems to be raving about on here.  
Do yourself a favor and try this place!Given all the reviews I was hoping to walk out of here amazed. We came for lunch while in the neighborhood because the line of another dumpling place was too long for us to wait . The pros: we were seated immediately, with a smile, offered tea, and had our food order taken and delivered almost instantaneously. Our one pork dish with noodles was very, very tasty,  but the steamed pork soup dumplings weren't out of this world. In fact, they were rather fatty and didn't seem to be fresh. As a matter of taste, they just weren't the best I've had. The chicken and corn soup was decent. All in all, the restaurant didn't make any mistakes with our experience, and the waiter/staff were all very pleasant...it just didn't deserve anything above a 3 as a whole.I would recomend the soup dumplings most of all. I got one of their soups which was ok, but not the best I had, but still decent. The dumplings on the other hand were amazing. Surprisingly light and flavorful, quite unexpected from the usual dumplings I have gotten. Next time I go I am going to focus mostly on trying the different onesTwo out of three items were OK tasting-the cucumbers and the cheese wontons. The garlic chicken was basically eggplants with some kind of sweet sauce. Not very good at all. Also I thought the delivery guy was going to flip when I told him I didn't have cash and had to put the tip on the card. Yikes! He even called me twice from his cell phone to give instructions on how to tip, which didn't work. Double Yikes!Tried the restaurant twice - with take outs.  Overall, while the dumplings were okay, the food was flavorless and sub-par - compared to the Taiwanese/Shanghai restaurants in NYC.
For my first visit, I tried the Wuxi Dumpling and the Steam Dumpling.  They were okay - but would like to have more broth.  For my second visit, I had the Beef Noodle Soup dine-in, and ordered takeouts for Chicken in Ginger Basil, Cumin Lamb w Leek; Spicy Beef Noodle Soup, Pig Feet Noodle Soup, and Beef Tendon Noodle Soup.  With the exception of the Cumin Lamb, all (particularly the beef) were flavorless and disappointing.  And the Cumin Lamb and Chicken were overcooked and not-tender.
The takeout wait was also a bit long - about 40 minutes.
This is the only Taiwanese/Shanghai restaurant I tried in Philly - hopefully, others in Philly would be much better.  Otherwise, I would have to satisfy my craving at Joe Shanghai and/or Taiwanese Specialties in NYC.We went here today for lunch. Although the name is Shanghai 1, they actually have lots of Taiwanese food too, which was very exciting for my Taiwanese boyfriend, and was our main reason for going. We ordered the braised pork rice dish, the popcorn chicken (which they call something else), and some dim sum dishes: beef scallion pancake, soup dumplings, and shao mai. Everything was delicious and cheap! 
The Taiwanese food (braised pork rice and popcorn chicken) was incredible, the best we've had in the US. The dim sum was good, in my opinion just as good as dim sum garden. 
The service was good, but we weren't there at a busy time. The place is nice and clean, which is not always a given in chinatown. 
All in all, we'll be back, probably frequently.We came here after we were informed of the long wait at Dim Sum Garden (This is the more popular restaurant for Soup Dumplings).  After looking at the high reviews while we waited in the line at Dim Sum Garden we decided to come here.
Since we wanted to try multiple things, we ended up ordering things on the appetizer menu.
1. Soup Dumplings (Pork) - Comparable to Dim Sum Garden.  The dumplings are good, I feel like the soup is less than what I'm used to.  Also, I can't tell if they make the dumplings fresh or not.  Dim Sum Garden actually make it fresh in front of you so you know you're getting something fresh.  If I need a quick soup dumpling fix in the Philly area without the wait, I wouldn't mind coming back here again.
2. Oyster Pancake - I haven't had this in many places.  This is a Taiwanese specialty and when I saw it on the menu, I knew I want it.  Reminds me of the times when scavenging around the night markets in Taiwan!  Although not as authentic but the taste doesn't disappoint. (You gotta be a Oyster fan to like this thought!).  Definitely try!
3. Shanghai Pan Fried Pork Dumplings - You get 6 of this mother of monkeys.  Sounds intense? Yes, because these will fill you up if you try to stuff yourselves with all 6! Lol So, bring your fam bam, and your home boys/girls and enjoy these together!  Is this a must get? Probably not.  They are good as they're unique
4. Braised Beef (Cold Dish) - I always order a plate of these whenever I'm in a Shanghainese restaurant.  I don't think I've had a bad experience ever.  These reminds of my childhood food growing up.  Definitely great dish to compliment any dining experience.
Service here is great as they were very attentive and food came out fast.
All in all, I'm glad Philly Chinatown is stepping up on their soup dumpling game.  While we still haven't had the mouth explosive soup dumplings of Joe Shanghai (from NYC) LOL.  It's good to see some variety!This restaurant is similar to dimsum garden but without the crowd. The Soup dumplings were okay. Nothing crazy. Also I'm not the biggest fan of them anyway. 
The beef pancakes are good. I had the pan fried seafood noodle and that was a typical safe choice. The Dan Dan noodles were basically just in oil. There wasn't really a peanut sauce flavor to it. Service was fine. No complaints.We had the wonton soup, pork soup dumplings, pork meatballs with brown sauce, and chicken with broccoli.  All were good.  The meatballs were 4 fist-sized portions.  The wonton soup was great and served three of us.  The pork dumplings were really "pork soup" as in there was real liquid content.  Staff was wonderful.  Service was quick.  What more could you want from a Chinese diner?Came here for dinner and ordered the Shanghai bun, stir fried rice noodles and regular noodle, and oyster pancakes. Shanghai bun is decent but definitely could beat the one I had in the past. Oyster pancake is made more like a Japanese style with sauce over it instead of the dry pan fried. Stir fried noodle was good but the rice noodle was terrible. Overall, the food is slightly above average and service was great so I think it deserve a 4 stars.Totally recommend this restaurant for its Xiao Long Bao (Soup dumplings)! One of the most authentic ones I've tried in the US! The soup inside the dumplings is on-point. Definitely less MSG than the ones from Dim Sum Garden. From the staff's mandarin accent, I think most of them come from Taiwan. So they have Taiwanese food as well, apart from the Shanghainese food they are serving. The Shanghai fried noodles have a great Yelputation so I gave it a try. The presentation wasn't great but it's delicious! Apart from that I also recommend the Double Cooked Pork on rice. The seasoning reminded me of Han Dynasty a lot, though the spice level was toned down. Go for it! Certainly won't disappoint!I'll give this new place a three star. It's a great new addition to Chinatown. More dumpling places = more happy people. I highly recommend the Beef scallion pancake and panfried pork dumplings. On the other-hand, soup dumplings and the sauce that goes with it were ok, does not beat dim sum garden though. I'll come back for everything else, just not soup dumplings.Great place in Chinatown to get some non-Hong Kong style, authentic Chinese food. I'm a fan of their egg & chive calzone which I always order.  This is a dish that isn't offered by many restaurants, so I'm glad I found this one in Philly. Portion size is decent and there is a lot of finely chopped filling which I enjoy. Other good dishes include the mock duck and fish w/ snow cabbage. I've tried their soups twice and these were underwhelming. I hope they always continue to offer these which are some of my favorite go-to dishes!New place just opened up that replaced Tea Magic. A nice little tawainese cuisine restaurant in Chinatown. It's new so of course, there will be kinks but I didn't really see any at the most. The wait staff were nice and friendly, made sure everything was okay and kept my water cup filled. The food was pretty good as well. If you get a rice dish, expect a lot of rice because I was so full halfway through. Also, try the beef scallion pancake!Was very excited to see another Taiwanese place in Chinatown. This is my new favorite restaurant! Everything we've tried is delicious and authentic and the cold appetizers are especially good. Definitely try the Taiwanese popcorn chicken (鹽酥雞 ), which they make extra spicy for me! It's definitely as good as any of the street vendors in Taiwan. 
Other tasty dishes and appetizers:
(1) Cold cucumbers with garlic and chili. Very zesty and refreshing, with lots of garlic and spices. Definitely a favorite!
(2) Marinated Gluten with peanuts. Another cold dish that takes me back to my childhood. Very savory and tasty.
(3) Do not forget the pork soup dumplings! This is a must! Until this place, Sakura had the best soup dumplings, but now Shanghai 1 is my favorite go-to place. The broth is exellent and the meat is seasoned well.
All the entrees are excellent. Definitely try the beef noodle (broth is excellent and the meat is tender), and any of the lunch rice dishes are excellent value.  For dinner I would recommend the pork with scallions and ginger as well as any of the fish dishes (my wife loves the sweet and sour crispy fish). The dry hot pot is excellent as well.First time in Chinatown and found this place on Yelp! Great Food! Definitely a place to try!The food was pretty good!!!Go to try guys,it won't let u down Further more, the service was terrific.This is one of those places where you should stick to ordering their appetizers. By that I mean they had great appetizers but their main courses were "meh." I got the soup dumplings and the pan-fried Shanghai soup dumplings. Both were so good! Although I do prefer the soup dumplings from Sakura Mandarin more so. The service, unfortunately, wasn't so great. The waiters tend to ignore the customers. If I'm ever back, I'd probably stick just to the appetizers.Pretty good portion sizes and really friendly and accommodating waiters! Food came out quickly too! Menu had a pretty good variety of stuff. Pan fried soup dumplings were really good but the regular soup dumplings were just average. Overall, would definitely stop by again for a filling and reliably good meal.the best resturant i have ever eaten!!!!!! the food is amazing!!! The place is very nice and clean!!! The people are extremely nice. i love itThe food was pretty descent but I am a bigger fan of Dim Sum Garden. Everything is very reasonably priced and I liked the environment. The servers were also polite and nice! :))Came here with a group of friends for lunch when they first opened. This spot, by far, has the best crab soup dumpling in Philly. Better than dim sum garden.  Their other dishes were just so-so.Authentic and delicious. If you come around lunch time they have a lunch special that is more than enough food! I came with a girlfriend and we ordered two lunch sized dishes and one rice cake dish and we hardly made a dent! 
Get their dried tofu, pork and hot green pepper dish. The peppers don't contain seeds so it's not really that spicy. I have always found the flavors to be delicious here. I wouldn't really get the house special rice cake dish again because it just wasn't to my taste, but everything else I have tried has been superb!Came for dinner with a friend.  Ordered their snow pea leaves, pan fried soup dumplings, and pork with peppers and bean curd.  The pan fried soup dumplings didn't have enough soup in them and so were kind of dry (I think the ones at Dim Sum Garden are much better) but everything else was really yummy.  They did a great job on the snow pea leaves.  Cost was roughly $15-20 per person.
Service was excellent and food came quickly.  Would want to try the steamed soup dumplings next time.
They also have lunch specials which are very reasonably priced.Shang Hai1 was delightful.
We came in today, a chilly Sunday afternoon, ready for some yummy and warm deliciousness. Within a minute of being seated, a waitress came and poured us all tea. I skimmed the menu and saw they had xiao long bao (小籠包), dou miao (豆苗), and niu rou mian (牛肉麵). Also saw they had oyster omelette, which I hadn't tried yet. Everything was hot, fast, and delicious...so much so that I had to post this review (my first Yelp review ever)!
I will also add, my son had more American fare (general tso's chicken), which was quite delicious.
Prices were good. Dou miao was expensive (over $13), but it's always expensive, and this is an average price for this area. 
All in all, I will go back again, many times. :)Very good dim sum and Shanghai cuisine restaurant, best juicy bun in Philly Chinatown! Been here many times they always busy service always nice and quick!!One of the places we regularly go to in Chinatown. The beef scallion pancake is something we always get, good balance among the marinated beef, scallions, and hoisin (?) sauce. Also perhaps somewhat surprisingly, they have the best three cup chicken in Chinatown, in our opinion, not overly saucy like some other place nearby. Their Shanghainese soup dumplings are also best that we had in Chinatown, although still not living up to the standard expectation of a native Shanghainese person.Finally - I've found a restaurant in Philly that serves legit Taiwanese food! As a test I tried only the braised pork over rice with egg and chives pockets, and both were legit and delicious! I can't wait to try the other dishes on the menu!The costumer service was extremely good. That I would  give it a 5. However the food tasted ordinary. But the people that work there made my day. They were friendly and talkative.Not bad; decently authentic Taiwanese dishes with friendly service. The cold cucumbers didn't taste very well marinated (it didn't have the sweet rice-vinegar-tasting and spicy flavor that I'm used to getting in Taiwan). The pan fried noodles were good. The 3 cup chicken was fine as well. The oyster pancake had a pretty good sauce, but the oysters had a strange sour taste, and the pancake itself lacked the usual generous amounts of stuffing with the chewy gelatinous component that you'd usually get in Taiwan. The scallion pancakes were nice and flaky.After a guided tour of Chinatown, we stopped in here by chance. This restaurant has now become a staple whenever we are in/near Chinatown. We typically order a table full of appetizers and split it between us. Everything we try is so good. I highly recommend the soup dumplings, dan dan noodles and especially the beef pancakes!Amazing waiter helped us navigate the menu and steered us to some of the best soup dumplings I have ever had.Saw the picture of veggie dumplings posted outside the door and we hopped in to grab one of those. However, they suggested to eat them here as it would be easy, and we did. We ordered two of them. They were fresh, delicious and perfectly balanced. Humble food and service in a cute setting. I would recommend them for authentic flavorful dumplings and polite service.Delicious. Arrived at 10pm with expectations bring that it was too close to closing time for them to entertain a party of 2. Quite the contrary.. the staff was very helpful and welcoming. 
We ordered the scallion pancakes with beef, an order of pork soup dumplings, and a pan fried noodle dish. All three were exceptional in flavor and came out in a timely fashion. 
I am looking forward to my next visit.The xlb is amazing,just the same favor that I eaten at New York.i will be back with my friends and try others items.I was very eager to try this place. I recently got into Taiwanese cuisines and this place popped up on one of my searches. Upon visiting the restaurant however, the waiter warned us that the Taiwanese dishes here were very unauthentic. I thought to myself how bad could it be? I continued to order my two favorite Taiwanese dishes: dan dan noodles and oyster pancake omelette. Aw man was it bad! The dan dan noodles had no flavor, it was bland and all you tasted was spicy with no salt or meat. The oyster pancake had half a piece of oyster and was so sweet it might as well be a dessert. I also had watercress stir fry with garlic. It was one of the worst watercress I've had. It came out watery as though it was blanched instead of stir fried. The only good dish was the dan dan tofu, which was crispy and had great seasoning. The rest of the food was horrible, especially the eggplant, all you could taste was sour. If it weren't for the waiter's honesty and service I would have given it a 2. There are so many good restaurants in Chinatown, I can't recommend this one.To start when we walked in the AC was not working so they were just using small fans to keep us cool in 93 degree heat. Appetizer wise we got the beef scallion pancakes and the oyster omelette. The pancakes were probably my favorite part of the meal-crispy and not too greasy. The oyster omelette was decent-maybe just a touch too sweet (although I know it was a Taiwanese version). For my entree I got the diced chicken in chili oil-little spicy nuggets-not the best I have ever had but decent. This place did not blow me away but I left feeling satisfied-probably not enough to make me return but it wasn't a total waste of a meal experience.3.5/5
I came here recently as a part of my search for more soup dumplings aka xiao long bao in Chinatown, and I was not disappointed. Shang Hai 1 is a bit on the smaller side, but my brother and I still managed to get a seat on a Saturday evening without a wait -- I'll definitely keep that in mind in the future, since other XLB places (like Dim Sum Garden) are super crowded on weekends. The restaurant was clean, and we were quickly given hot tea after being seated. 
After looking at other Yelp reviews, we ordered the beef scallion pancakes, pork soup dumplings, and taiwanese beef noodle soup. The beef scallion pancakes are one of the best dishes I've had in Chinatown so far; they have everything you'd want in a flaky scallion pancake, with thin delicious strips of beef in between. We got another order of these after finishing the first. Pork soup dumplings were also great. They had a good soup to meat ratio, and the dumpling wrap wasn't too thick. Although these were good, I think i like Dim Sum Garden's more. The Taiwanese beef noodle soup was only okay -- nothing too spectacular, and I thought it lacked flavor. 
Overall, I would definitely stop by again, especially for the beef scallion pancakes.Very delicious, soup dumplings were amazing. Food is affordable and so fucking tasty.Stumbled upon this place and it caught my eye during lunch time on the weekend. I decided to give it a try and was really glad I did! I ordered the Shanghai steamed pork soup dumplings, pan fried steamed pork dumplings taiwanese style, the beef & chili pepper pancake, and a noodle soup. I'm pretty particular about my soup dumplings, but I was extremely pleased with the taste and also cost! The soup dumplings are piping hot and have the perfect level of flavor to the broth inside. The beef and chili pepper pancake was a hit as well, and was stuffed with meat and spice inside (it wasn't overly spicy and if you want more kick, there is chili sauce available). The pan fried steamed pork dumplings were juicy as well, though I definitely liked the soup dumplings more. The noodle soup was your average shanghai styled noodle with beef broth and vegetables inside. There was a decent amount of meat. My party of 3 was so stuffed that we could barely finish what we ordered. Attentive service as well and the staff was very pleasant. The food came out very quick, too! I would definitely recommend coming here to try out the soup dumplings!Good place! Nice waiters and delicious food!! I like there and will bring my friends go there again!We were craving some food my parents cooked for us. We were pretty excited to have their marinated gluten and oyster pancake. I have to say the flavors were good but probably would not have been all that impressed if I didn't have any sentimental values, hence not 5 stars. We also had their leek & egg calzones which were tasty but kind of loosely packed, though that might be too tough of a criticism since what I'm used to is what my mom makes. A friend of us had their Taiwanese beef pancakes and he seemed to like it a lot.I'm sorry, but ShangHai 1's XLBs are much better than Dim Sum Garden's XLB!! The dough is slightly better, but the meat inside is tastes much much better. The beef pancakes are also great. I definitely recommend them. The fried chicken, beef tendons and tang yuan are also good. The service is fast and friendly.We came to this place for lunch on a Saturday. We ordered the Dan Dan noodles, oyster pancake, and the pork soup dumplings. Being Taiwanese, the Dan Dan noodles were nothing like what they should taste. The pork sauce was a hot mala spice when it should be a bit savory and sweet of rich pork flavor but it was neither and a bit dry. The oyster pancake, the oysters didn't taste fresh. The soup dumplings were fatty and the pork tasted old. There's nothing really exceptional and that's probably why people go to Dim Sum Garden or the other soup dumplings places instead for much better quality.
Coming from Flushing, I'm disappointed in what they offered as Taiwanese food.Got the xiao long bao,  beef lo mein and minced pork rice.  The food was good and reasonable priced.  Found the minced pork rice to be a little salty, aside from that everything else is good.Great dumpling place in Chinatown. We loved the soup dumplings but didn't care for the pan fried versions as much. The environment is very clean and pretty Americanized. Prices were low and they had a lot of options. 
Maybe not top of the list for an "authentic" experience but the food was very good.This restaurant shall have 0 star if I could. A lot of reviews gave such a high recommendations which this restaurant does not deserve. The food they prepare are not Shanghai food. The matter of factly are average or even below average Chinese food. They put shame on Shanghai food and they shall not belong to Philadelphia China town.Good food and authentic. Price is reasonable as well. The estimated time for pick up is usually pretty good. Me and my husband eat here probably at least few times a month and never had any problemsSo I came with a friend for dinner on a saturday night. I expected it to be more packed, but there was very few people there (found that to be a little bit odd already). Set down and ordered the soup dumplings, mao pork, and mushroom and bok choy. Service was good (which is why I didn't give this place a 2 star). Food came really fast, but everything at once. Usually the soup dumpling should come first. Soup dumpling tasted good, good amount of soup in the dumplings. What was odd was that the dumpling sauce came in a little plate, and it was not easy to pour it on the soup dumpling. The veggies (bok choy and mushrooms) were okay, but it was overpriced at 10.95. This is something that I could make myself at home. The pork was not as good as I expected it to be, it was priced at 14.95 and it was sort of dry. The dishes normally should have came with rice, but they actually charged us for rice, when the dishes overpriced already. The rice also came out cold and dry. We ended up paying around $40 for dinner for 2 people. We could have definitely got something better elsewhere. GO SOMEWHERE ELSE.I had high hopes for this place as there are not many places with good xlb in philadelphia. But I was disappointed by xlb as well as the dish I ordered. Food overall was very salty and the only thing I could taste in my food was soy sauce. I wish this place could have been better as the atmosphere was pretty nice and price was affordable. I would probably not come back again.I am only giving this place 3 stars because I was not too impressed with the beef scallion pancake nor the pan fried pork soup dumplings. The beef scallion pancake was too doughy for my taste, the beef was not proportional to the amount of dough it was wrapped in, there was very little hoisin sauce and scallions were practically non-existent.
The pan fried pork dumplings weren't the worse, but again, I felt they were too doughy for my taste stuffed with little meat. 
The service was great, however. Servers were really nice and attentive. They even brought me extra hoisin sauce when they saw me licking up the last drops of sauce smudged on my plate.Went in for soup dumpling as that was advertised as their specialty. But the crabmeat dumplings I ordered did not taste right. Hours after I had them, I ended up having food poisoning. Should have trusted my taste bud and not eaten them. Not sure if it was just a bad batch but will not trust the quality of food there or return.I've always had a great experience at Shanghai1...although I do think it's ironic that their name is Shanghai when they actually serve Taiwanese food :P But their food is pretty good and very cheap. The minced meat over rice (ru rou fan) is a huuuuugeeee portion and delicious. I can never finish it, plus they let you order it off their lunch menu any time of the day. The xiao long bao (juicy buns) are also very yummmy! Beef scallion pancakes, which are a bit small for the price, could use some extra sauce since they're usually pretty dry, but can't really find this anywhere else in Philly's Chinatown so I keep getting them...heh. Also, great lunch specials if you're in Chinatown during that hour. Overall would recommend for a hungry stomach on a low budget.Everything we had was delicious and super flavorful. I had the twice cooked pork and the pork dumplings. The price was very reasonable and would Definitely recommend!Kid Foodie Friendly Rating: 4/5 they gave little man a plastic utensils and bright colored plate and a cup with a straw and lid. 
Delicious. I have been to Dim Sum Garden twice for XLB in past visits to Philadelphia and I was intent on trying a new spot. We also arrived to the area at prime time on a Saturday so we weren't really trying to stand in the crowd/line there so I knew it was the perfect time to convince the mister to try this new spot. We waited only about 15 minutes and ordered off the dim sum menu only.  Crab & Pork Soup Dumplings, Pork Dumplings, a scallion pancake, and pork with scallion sauce noodles (my little dude loves his noodz!) 
IMO I liked that I could taste the crab in the dumplings here vs dimsum garden. I appreciated the less cramped tables.  Delicious meal for us 3 for less than $30!
Parking in the area is a b*tch (not their fault)
They only have one bathroom, which isn't the cleanest, but I am entertained by their sign.When I have a coupon to use, it tells me you need to show it before ordering. Non sense on this check out process. Will not come back any time soonThis place is pretty hard-core, very authentic we were all pleasantly surprised. Interior is clean and the staff is caring and friendly or so it appears. BEST DIM SUM IN THE CITY.! Try the "soup dumplings" #1 on the menu (Shanghai steamed pork soup dumplings). The beef and scallion pancakes are all so awesome. The hoisting sauce gives it a nice Peking Duck a vibe to it. I will certainly be back next time I'll even bring company.This place is good. Tried it out with a few co-workers this week. What an awesome surprise. Haven't yet tried the dumplings at Dim Sum Garden, but have had them at Joe's Shanghai in NYC. I'd dare to say that these were pretty comparable.I walked into Shang Hai 1 one day for two reasons: 
1) We wanted to try a new place
2) When you walk by, the place smells amazing
And I am so happy we decided to stop in. 
We ordered the Crab & Pork Soup Dumplings, Shanghai Style Stir-Fried Udon Noodles, and the Pork & Bamboo platter. 
The dumplings are probably my favorite in Philly Chinatown at the moment. Although you only receive 6 for the same price as 8 dumplings at other establishments, the taste is far superior. The crab taste is clearly evident, which probably accounts for the price difference. I found the skin to be on the thicker side, but it didnt take away from the overall taste. 
The noodles had great flavor and was a larger portion than we anticipated. However, I did expect more meat/veggies, or other toppings. And the pork with bamboo was also good. 
I also enjoyed the customer service. They were attentive and extremely nice.First time here, and I loved my experience. The food was delicious, service was great, and very inexpensive. This is a good alternative to Dim Sum Garden, which can sometimes be a wait, especially during the weekend. I can't wait to come back and try something new.Delicious classic shanghai food and good service. I enjoy everything I order: double cooked pork, mapo tofu, eggplant, soup dumplings...YUM! There's never a wait even when I go on the weekends and the food comes pretty quickly. I have grown to love Shang Hai 1 after frequenting Dim Sum for so long and having some meh experiences. You won't be disappointed here!I have found my new go-to place in Chinatown. With delicious traditional Taiwanese and Shanghainese food, fast and friendly service, and great prices, what's not to love? I came here on a busy Saturday for lunch with my family; the place was packed, but we were able to be seated right away. We ordered the beef scallion pancake, pork soup dumplings, Taiwanese beef noodle soup, and crispy salted chicken. The dishes came quickly and were all delicious. The soup dumplings in particular had a thin, delicate skin and plenty of hot flavorful soup inside. Definitely the best in Chinatown! I love that this place also accepts credit cards on checks over $15, so no cash needed. Will definitely be back for more!Clean and friendly environment with the feel of a local hot spot. This place has fast service and it's clean. It looks like the place was an old coffee house or that's where they got the chairs from. But I felt like it added character to the place. You have to see the neutral bathroom sign. We had the steamed pork soup dumplings(OMG!), spring rolls, crispy salted chicken, and the pickled cabbage with pork noodle bowl. Do not think that the chicken will be too salty cause it was definitely tasty. It seemed like it was thigh pieces in corn meal. The spring rolls were nothing special. But that's how I feel about most spring rolls. The soup bowl had very fresh vegetables. The pork was done just right. And the quantity of meat, veggies, and noodles was spot on. Oh, don't forget the broth! Good taste that does not have that cheap oily crap taste like in some cheap Chinese eateries. 
This is a definitely a go to more than once spot.Came here for some dim sum based on the great reviews this place had! We got there before the dinner rush and the place was pretty empty. Our waiter was very nice and very attentive. We order a few items to split. We got the fried pork dumplings, pork and crab soup dumplings, scallion pancake and egg fried rice. The fried rice came out first and was very good. Oily and salty but still good. Then the scallion pancake came out and it was a real disappointment. Barely any scallions in the pancake and was just bland overall.
We then got our dumplings. The fried pork ones were just okay. Also needed some additional seasoning and the crab/pork soup dumplings were super disappointing. The meat tasted super bland and the broth from the soup dumplings was just meh. It was my husband's first soup dumpling experience and he was not impressed. :/ Overall place is okay. I don't know what the big hype was. Service was good at least.We ordered smoked fish, Shanghai Cisco lung Bairey and the snow cabbage pork noodle soup. 
No ginger was served with their Shanghai dumplings which as any Shanghai dumpling aficionado knows is a big no-no. The smoked fish was ready but overly soy sauced. When we asked for ginger and vinegar the waitress brought over four condiment plates and pointed to s bottle of black vinegar already in the table. But no ginger!
The soup noodles were good: chewy strands of rice   With fresh veggies and pork. Good but not exceptional.This place is not very good. The food isn't very fresh and Veges seem to have been cooked with repeatedly used oil...do not recommendWe stumbled upon this place recently.  So glad we did.  We ordered fried dumplings, scallion pancakes, and a few noodles dishes.  Everything was amazing.  The bill for 4 people came out to $58.  That is ridiculously cheap for a great meal for 4.  Also, it's BYOB.  This is our new go to place in Chinatown.Its a debate to see whether this place or Dim Sum Garden has better soup dumplings! Friends argue for both, but for me Dim Sum Garden is better for that and other dishes.
Don't get me wrong the soup dumplings are definitely good here; but, the other dishes were sub par to me. The only other dish besides the soup dumplings that we enjoyed were the scallion pancakes. Our other dishes were 1 noodle dish with chicken and 1 braised pork (picture is on the menu). 
The noodle dish was very saucy yet it still did not have that much flavor. Then the braised pork was probably one of the worst I've ever had. If you want to eat all fat then this is your dish. 
The ambiance is good and on a cold day was very warm :)) We really like that. Also, the service was attentive always pouring us tea when needed. 
A good place to hangout and talk while only ordering soup dumplings. 
Tip: Can only use credit above $15.
For 4 people we ordered 2 soup dumplings, scallion pancake, noodle dish, and braised pork. Total came to $13.50 each with tax and tip.Party of 10 with little kids, got seated quickly.. Staff is so friendly and accommodating.  The crab meat steam dumplings are so good!  The rice cake noodle, & Shanghai style noodles was great, the taste & texture was just right.  We will definitely return the next time we visit Philly..Stopped in place was empty (5pm Sunday night)  within 10 min of sitting down the place was getting crowded. Food was delicious the tofu soup was different but still good jot that much seafood in it. Overall I would come backIts dim sum is pretty good and its service is satifiedWow! A meal with 3 orders noodles, 1 order of fried chicken, and 2 orders of XLB set my party of 4 back $56 which included tip. I was originally going to go to Dim Sum Garden, because my friend recommended it (she never visited Philly before) but I saw I had a negative experience previously, which lead me to eat at Shang Hai 1. The service here is great, better than typical asian restaurants! The tea was piping hot, and the food came steaming. I ordered a variety of noodles to test out the broth, and the meat. I also tried their regular pork xlb. As a appetizer, I ordered the fried chicken. Honestly, everything tasted amazing and I'm sad that I didn't discover this restaurant sooner! My favorite dish was definitely the fried chicken and XLB. Let me tell you how WELL the chicken was seasoned, I didn't even need to use the spicy mayo that came with it! The XLB skin was thin, and very JUICY. Did you know they ground their ginger into their vinegar? I found that very convenient and I didn't have to get ginger pieces in my teeth. Overall, I had a great experience and I will definitely return!We were here on a Friday for dinner. Tried their pork soup dumpling and the hot pot chicken. The pork soup dumpling was really good. Will definitely be back for more. The hot pot chicken was good too. The service was good. Will be back soon!!taiwanese lurou rice is very nice！ pork steak noodle is also very good. the service is very good. I will come again next time.I came here to try soup dumplings and Taiwanese food. I've been eating at dim sum garden for so long I wanted to try something different and the soup dumplings here are definitely good. I think the skin is slightly thinner, which is a good thing in my opinion. 
We also ordered scallion pancakes, beef scallion pancakes, braised minced pork over rice, and watercress. They were all very tasty, though the watercress may have been out of season. The braised minced pork lived up to my memory of the dish, and the beef scallion pancakes were a hit as well. We were very full! 
The atmosphere is clean, new, and nice. It was nice there was no wait but it wasn't empty.Excellent soup dumpling.  Fast service.  The beef roll was not freshly made but still good.  Definitely get the pan fried soup dumpling.AMAZING. Found this place in Chinatown while visiting Philly. I didn't know the wonton soup didn't come with noodles, and the manager was kind enough to add them in. The service was great and the food was delicious. We ordered one order of soup dumplings and decided to order a second order cause they were so savory and filling. You get ten wontons with your order and they are homemade and delicious. Prices are great, too! For two orders of soup dumplings & soup, our order came out to under $25. Love it! Will be back if I'm in the area again!We were pleasantly surprised to find this restaurant.
We had Chicken in Ginger Basil Taiwanese Style, Spicy Eight Treasure Noodle and Shanghai Steamed Pork Soup Dumplings.  All dishes is delicious.  We will certainly go back there and try other dishes.It was a cold, drizzy night and my parents were craving some soup dumplings. Everyone knows about Dim Sum Garden but not everyone knows about Shanghai 1. Part of me wants to keep it that way, but a bigger part of me wants to flourish more. It is less busier than its counterpart, but the quality here is a step up from Dim Sum Garden. After being served complimentary barley tea, we were served by my favorite bearded waiter whom I have yet to ask his name for. He was always friendly in every visit I've been. Compared to Dim Sum House. The soup dumplings ($6 for 6) have more flavor and the meat melts in your mouth better as well. We also ordered some Pan Friend Noodles, which were like any other pan fried noodle dish, and Mushroom and Bok Choy on the side, which was very soft and barely chewy. I'd say it was well worth the craving and we left feeling very satisfied.I am a hugh fan of this Chinese restaurant, one look at the menu and you will see things like , dou miao, yu choy, choy sum, gai lan, Shanghai Bok Choy and chicken, beef and seafood entrees you simply will not find on the menus of Chinese American restaurants. This restaurant is billed as Shanghainese and Taiwanese and let me tell you it was a positive delight to dine there. The service was prompt, friendly and the food arrived from the kitchen quickly. I ordered Dry panned chicken and Shanghai bok choy. The chicken dish was somewhat spicy with some vegetables I was familiar with and others I had not seen before, it was simply a remarkable preparation with a unique very flavorful sauce. The Shanghai bok choy was blanched then stir fried with garlic, this too was a master piece of perfect flavor and texture. I always love stopping in Philadelphia"s Chinatown and you can bet Shang Hai 1 is now at the top of my list of reasons why.Ordered 5 items... all were top quality and great value for the money. The steamed pork dumplings were definitely over the top... definitely recommend! The bok choy and mushrooms were fantastic as well... as was the beef noodle soup. The pork fried rice was good... but its fried ricr... tough to mess up. You will not go wrong with this restaurant!Soup dumplings were great. Dan Dan noodles were excellent. Scallion pancakes were delicious.Great Shanghainese food in Philly! Came here with my family and we thoroughly enjoyed the experience. Lu Rou Fan, Xiao Long Bao were definitely my favorites here! Very tender meat and juicy. We also ordered a stripe bass with orange sauce on top, which was surprisingly good. Definitely would come back here for more!Beef Terige in Chili Sauce - HIGHLY RECOMMENDED. Extreme tasty, delicious and wonderful. The great mix of spice and its taste is strong and delicious. I crave for it whenever I think about it. It's THAT great!
Shanghai Steamed Pork Soup Dumplings - The wrap is very thing which is a good thing. It's tastes is just ok. A bit sweeter than normal.I went into this place because I wanted to try xiao long bao (aka "soup dumplings") so much since it is a food from my bucket list. Once I arrived, it has a nice Asian American vibe across the interior of the restaurant. The staff are generally really nice and are able to be fluent in both english and chinese, which is great for me as a foreigner. I had the three main types of soup dumplings, they were all so good and we actually easy to eat. My favorite out of the three was the Wu Xi soup dumplings. Although the prices and tips can be a little expensive, I would definitely go here again for the soup dumplings and much more.Great food (especially the Soup dumplings), Kind and efficient staff. They're real quick. Prob one of the best places here in Chinatown. And the foods are reasonably pricedFirst meal of our Philly weekend trip and ShangHai 1 did not disappoint! 
I recommend the minced pork over rice (卤肉饭), which was really tasty. I'm a fan of the generous portion sizes and how authentic it tasted compared to other restaurants I've been to. The xiao long bao was also pretty good, though not the best I've ever had- I would order their soup dumplings if I could go back.
Service was attentive but not intrusive. Our water glasses never dipped below half full, so props to you Shanghai 1! I was very impressed with the level of attentiveness. 
Try this place out, you'll like it!A nice place for chinese steamed food. Baozi is very nice. Noodles is not so good in my opinion, but it is still a good place to goVery tasty food, would recommend it to anybody. And even better the staff was really nice. The one guy in particular was super knowledgeable and provided great choices of food to pick from. Such a genuinely nice guy.After making our way through the alleys and popping out in Chinatown confused, we took chance. Small but cozy, old somewhat organized with mailbox numbers on the wall to identify each table, and cash only sign with the ATM located in small entry way design for three. BUT! with all of that aside, the food was most excellent!! to the point my wife doggy bagged approximately two scoops of her meal to take home to Virginia LOL!!!3 for the food, 5 for the service, 4 for the overall ambience, 3 for the pricing
Setting: Sunday lunchtime around 1pm with 1 other guest, we were seated promptly with Chinese music playing in the background and fun decor inside
Ambience: The wait staff are incredibly efficient and attentive
Food:
Xiao Long Bao Soup Dumplings - have a weirdly acidic aftertaste, definitely could do better at other locations such as Dim Sum Garden, would NOT recommend
Crispy Salted Chicken / Popcorn Chicken (Taiwanese) - pretty good crispy texture, large pieces of chicken with a standard serving size and price, comes with a slightly tangy mayo sauce - partially would recommend
Taiwanese fried rice noodle - also pretty standard quality food, comes with a large serving, has egg, some meat, not overly salted
Tips/Takeaways:
-Would recommend return every 5-7 months, would recommend the Taiwanese fried rice noodle
-Would recommend against the Xiao Long Bao here.
-Good overall ambience and service, nice music in background, clean, quick servicePretty good Shanghai/Taiwanese food for Phili.  Xiao long bao have great filling.   Jiu cai he zi vey authentic!   Yu Xi paigu also very good but I personally would've liked them cut a little smaller.,
Staff are very friendly.To be honest, Shang Hai 1 has never quite wowed me, but they've also never really served me anything I didn't enjoy, either. I live very close by and have eaten there or from there maybe a handful of times. My girlfriend, who's a...cautious eater, seems to have designated it one of her  Chinatown restaurants that she's comfortable with, and so there have definitely been a time or two that I wanted Chinese food and this was the safe pick. 
I've had their steamed soup dumplings, "eggplant with garlic sauce" (yu xiang qie zi), kung pao chicken, the crushed cucumber appetizer, and one of the beef noodle soups, but I can't remember at this point if it was Taiwanese or Spicy. They've all held their own and satisfied me, and my girlfriend is a big fan of their friend soup dumplings and has taken friends and family there, all of whom I'm told were happy with their orders. I don't know that any of the dishes I've had there was necessarily my favorite version of that dish in Chinatown, but I've had worse kung pao and soup dumplings for sure, even just on the same block. 
The place doesn't excite me per se, but it's been consistent, both in terms of everything I've had there and its ability to please people with various tastes. I've order takeout and eaten in and never had any issues with service, so you could do worse than checking out Shang Hai 1, even if this review seems a bit backhanded.Another new place in Chinatown. 
I always get super excited when I discover a new Asian restaurant. And ShangHai1 offers both Shanghai and Taiwanese food. 
I went there on my lunch break to order take out, and the menu was a bit overwhelming. Even though the staff were very helpful, still I was confused. 
I ended up getting the scallion pancakes, Shanghai style udon and sesame rice balls.
The tender beef scallion pancakes were crispy and surprisingly sweet. As I expected, the shanghai style Udon was pretty good. Two thumbs up for the stir-fried chewy and thick noodles with baby bok choy, shiitake mushrooms and chicken in dark soy sauce. Wow, simple, delicious and became one of my favorites.
My meal is never complete without dessert, that being said, getting the sesame rice ball with chinese wine was a big mistake. I opened my dessert container, and the thick and viscous translucent broth-like, that killed my appetite!!!  Challenged, I processed exploring the mystery of my container. I just had to. I picked up a gooey, rubbery and squishy little white yellowish Nerf ball-like. I cut the little ball and the black sesame paste was revealed. It's true: Asian cousin is not known for dessert. 
Three and half Yelps!One of our favorite restaurants to go to in Chinatown, so much that they have memorized our usual orders!  The people that work here have gone above and beyond for us...one night it was down pouring and we didn't have an umbrella. We were waiting by the door contemplating what to do when one of the waiters suggested we take one of the old umbrellas a customer left. This really helped us out instead of taking an uber to our car. Great food and great people!Order a beef noodle and soup dumpling. The beef noodle have no teast and the soup dumping is too oily. service is bad. I would not recommend to come to this restaurant.Shang Hai 1 offers the best soup dumplings in Chinatown for sure! The soup dumplings are fresh and juicy. My favorite dishes here are the beef scallion pancakes and the oyster pancake Taiwan style. Try them. You will not regret if you love Chinese pancakes. The menu is long so I get something new every time and usually they turned out to be delicious. Love this place. Highly recommend.This place is AWESOME!  I wish I could back this up with epic pics of the fabulous food we ate but I was with my sister and her seemingly ravenous three children so everything was devoured within minutes of arriving.  We were 5 people and ate 30 dumplings AND all these other big plates of shared food.
Stand outs we enjoyed---
Pork soup dumplings
Pan fried pork/shrimp dumplings
Pan fried Shanghai? Dumplings with pork?  The big bulky kind my nephew loves-- they come on a plate and not in the bamboo steamer container.  
We were otherwise sort of boring because of the kids, despite me longing to try the food others were consuming here...
The general Tsao's-- very crispy and the spicy version is perfectly spicy.
The 'fried' green beans--- wonderfully crispy and well seasoned!
The pork lo mein and pork fried rice-- both fab.  The rice was particularly good!
The shanghai udon noodle dish-- wonderful.  
The hot tea left a little to be desired-- too weak.  But that wasn't terribly important to us.  The service was exceptional.  We had been touring all day and we all drank about a gallon of water each and they refilled our glasses without asking and before they were empty--- maybe 100 times? :) I felt certain they'd soon bring a hose or ask us to pay their water bill. :)
The restaurant is very clean and the interior is nicely decorated.  It's a little tough that they have just one unisex toilet but that is survivable for the AWESOME food!!a haiku for review: 
"super nice waitress/didn't laugh at our Chinese/ and the food was great!"
my friend and I (both chinese school dropouts) walked in after drooling at the images of food that remind us of summers at our grandma's houses in Taiwan. The waitress was patient with our chinglish, answered questions, and brought out some deliciousness. Would recommend for a Taiwanese food fix!Absolutely love the soup dumplings here. Get takeout all the time. The size and flavor are perfect. I tried around a couple of other spots just to see what else is out there and I've since come back bc other places haven't lived up to Shang hai 1 for me.
The beef scallion pancake is also very good. Nice variety to choose from on the menu as well. Definitely recommend this spot for the soup dumplings.Food was delicious and  friendly service 
My friends were first timers with dim sum and Taiwanese food so good made me
Think of home cooked mealsThis became one of my favorite places in Chinatown. They have great service! Everyone is attentive and moves fast! They also take reservations! You can't beat that! My favorite dishes here are the soup dumpling, scallion pancake with beef, and the crispy chicken! I've been here during lunch, dinner, with colleagues, with family. And all I hear are positive things!Ordered some appetizer to go. Great food and quick service! Btw, this place is close to the entrance of Chinatown. Took a nice photo with the Chinatown gate in the background.The fact that there is never a wait, and its nearly empty when its neighbors are full and others have lines is a big red flag. Ordered several basic items like pan fried soup dumplings and noodles with minced pork among other things, all were decidedly sub-par. Why bother even having a restaurant if you're going to do such a poor job. That said, theres no reason they cant improve. So maybe I'll give it another try in a few months or a year. Hey, maybe I'll even walk by one day and I'll see that other people are willing to eat there.We ordered Dan Dan Crispy Tofu, Taiwanese Oyster Pancake, Scallion Pancake, Fried Chicken, and Shanghai Pork Soup Dumplings. Besides the dumplings tasting satisfactory, everything else was too oily and too salty for our taste. Our palates are all different. Not my cup of tea! We ended up here accidentally since my mom thought this was Another restaurant. We won't be returning to this restaurant again.We came here for lunch and it was delicious. The xiao long bao was good, but I loved the tofu and I highly recommend it. The beef dish was also savory. The rice cake was one of the best I've had.This is a nice cozy place in the heart of Chinatown. You usually see a wide variety of customers and it's always been busy when I went there. The staff are attentive and quick to tend to the tables. The food does take a while to be served so be hungry, but don't be starving.
The food was so delicious I came here twice with two different groups and they each loved it. 
The toothpick lamb was delicious for those that enjoy a slow burn that build up gradually. The lamb doesn't have the typical gamy taste which could also be due to the heavy cumin. So if you like cumin, it is the dish to go with. The cumin was powerful, but balanced with the spices making it flavorful and aromatic. The only thing i personally would change would be the toothpick part. It feels very arbitrary. 
The volcano chicken was good as well. The chicken was stir fried well so it wasn't dry and it had the right combination of flavor. The red onions brought a slight sweetness to the dish. Very well balanced dish, but it wasn't very spicy like the name might indicate.
The soup dumplings here are pretty good. It's not out of this world, but well made and flavorful. I would say these dumplings can easily contend with other very popular places in the city.
All in all, everything is very reasonably priced and the dishes come with rice as well. A great place to just get together and share a couple different dishes. The food is a lot so some people might have to be prepared to go away with a doggy bag, but it's delicious enough to eat those leftovers.Mediocre food, forced us to tip and then told us we were missing money off of our tip. Bad experienceI do not profess any expertise in Chinese food, other than knowing what I like and what I don't like.  But based upon the food, service and authenticity, in my view Shang Hai 1 is first rate.  Like many Chinese restaurants the menu is overflowing with choices.  Our party had General Tso's Chicken, a couple of varied chicken dishes, and an eggplant dish.  Everyone in our party of four agreed, that the food was quite good.  Only our son was able to finish his whole meal.  Main courses are accompanied by a bowl of rice.  Place settings include nicely lacquered chopsticks--not the throw away wood ones.  Service was first rate.  Our water glasses and tea cups were never empty.
Two things stood out for me as a visitor.  First, the majority of customers were Chinese or Chinese Americans.  Second, the menu is in Chinese completely, along with English translations.
Putting together an authentic Chinese restaurant, where many local Chinese folks go, the use of the Chinese language, which says even more about having Chinese guests, and first rate service, makes this a first rate place in the eyes of my family and me.  We all happily recommend Shang Hai 1.Very casual and fast. Trird this place for the first time and got the soup dumplings, fried dumplings, and cold sesame noodles. Everything was delicious and the owners/workers were so sweet. One of the few places offering dine in right now in chinatown amidst covid. Would definitely recommend :)