This place hasn't changed in over ten years. Opens late in the afternoon. Closes well into the early morning. The tables are still just as wobbly and the seats are still comfortable. 
Food is as always delicious. Beef chow fun and salty baked squid are must gets. But I could have sworn the portions have gotten a bit smaller since a few years ago. I mean... it's now better portion controlled. :-) wouldn't go anywhere else because it's so good!Great late night option.  Decided to do late night run in Chinatown and we stopped here. 
I had the Singapore Noodles which were very good.  My fiance had Big Shrimp soup which warmed her up.  She really enjoyed it. 
Service was meh but I wasn't expecting hugs so no surprise there.  
Definitely will go back.My favorite Chinese place! Peking duck is sublime and so baby bok choy.  The menu can be a bit overwhelming (it's huge), but the waiters will help you along the way if you are lost.  Strongly recommended!You simply can't go wrong at The Kung. Drunk or not and stuck in philly? It's the place to be! Great service and amazing food, best restaurant in the city
I recommend the fried and steamed dumplings as well as the beef chow funUghhhh...used to love this place..losing its touch. Im gonna give it one more try at some point, but our love affair is on thin ice..everything lately is either waaay too salty, or literally tastes like nothing. Shame, i love family run joints.This place opens late and is one of the highest reviewed place that opens late in Chinatown. I got a congee take out and it was kinda bland.Just call it "The place with the lace curtains."  That's what all the cool kids say.
So I went here with a group of friends for a meetup dinner.  The place is a byo which is always nice and the prices are very reasonable.  The decor inside is not much to speak of.  It pretty much looks like any other run of the mill chinese restaurant I've ever been to.  One cool thing about our table was that it had a lazy susan in the middle of it.  Gotta love that, ya know, because it spins.
So onto the food.  We were a relatively large group so we ordered quite and array of items.  This place really excels in the food department.  The salt baked squid is phenomenal.  It's like there is salt running through the batter but it's not overwhelming.  The sliced chiles on the plate as well just make it that much more awesome to eat.
The hot pots that we got were very tasty and definitely enough food for one person.  The service was very prompt and they were extremely nice and accommodating to our fairly large group.  I ordered the sizzling wor ba which I expected to come out with huge fan fair.  It was tasty but I was a bit underwhelmed by the dish.  Still, there is enough good about this place that I won't dwell on my tasty but not stellar entree.
Oh, and also as a nicety, it won't break the bank either.  Definitely a new go to spot up in chinatown.Yum, yum, yum in my tum, tum, tum. Jumped off the plane and came straight to Chinatown! We were not disappointed! The service was great even though we walked in just before 1 am. Lucky for us, there was a large group in the restaurant eating after a concert. We had an order of shrimp egg rolls (huge), giant fried pot stickers drowning in sauce and two entree specials. Dragons nest and lucky family. Both full of chicken, seafood and veggies. The restaurant is small, I'm sure it gets packed at dinner time. A number of people walked in to get to-go food while we were eating and the phone was still ringing. There's not really any decor but I felt the food made up for it. Overall- great experience.We tried this restaurant 3 times and so far it was excellent . My daughter got half of a peking duck and it was great . The dumplings were good too . When we came home my daughter wanted the whole Peking duck
and today we are getting delivery and she is getting the whole . Over all Shiao Lang Kung was great . You are going in for a real treat ! We recommend the steamed dumplings , the whole duck , the chicken with veggies , and more .This has got to be the WORST restaurant I've ever been to!
I can sum up this joint in three phrases:
1) Gross & filthy atmosphere
2) Tastless, greasy, UNHEALTHY food
3) Rude, obnoxious staff
The table clothes were full of stains. They didn't clean them. My buddy got his pants dirty because of spilt soup on his chair. (So watch where you sit if you risk going to this place!). The waiter was ridiculously rude and unfriendly. 
The food was horrible. I've never had worse Kung Pao chicken in my life! The soup was cold and felt like it contained 80% water.
A Disgusting, NASTY place! Stay away folks!We were trying to find food in the city the other night around 1am and decided to head to Chinatown.  We happened upon Shiao Lan Kung and I recalled reading positive reviews about it.  We ordered the Vegetable Lo Mei Fun take out and went home and devoured it.  Two days later we decided to head back for a full dinner.  
The restaurant is small, although there was only one other party there when we arrived so we were seated immediately.  The menu is a decent size offering both meat and vegetable dishes and specializing in seafood dishes.  
The service was very attentive and prompt, though not too intrusive and our food was delivered in just the right amount of time (I was starving!).  The decor is a bit outdated - with essentially zero ambiance...
The food however, is delicious! As we were eating our meal the tables kept filling up (always a good sign) We ordered the Vegetable Lo Mei Fun again- I loved it...I'm a big fan of this dish and I'd say this is for sure the best I've had in Philadelphia.  We also ordered the Sweet and Spicy Shrimp which was delicious as well, I'm usually not a fan of any of the 'Sweet and Sour/Spicy' dishes but this was really good.  The shrimp tasted fresh as well.  
The price for two of us for dinner came to around $20.  I look forward to returning here again soon! My favorite restaurant I've tried in Chinatown so far. Highly recommended!
Also I believe it is BYOB.This place does not adhere to their scheduled hours of operation. I arrived at 11:50 PM when they close at 2AM and simply said "this is our last table." They were rude and not accommodating. When I confronted them about their hours of operation, they closed the door in my face.The best Chinese food in Phila small place but check it out you will be happy you did.This place was awesome. Very small and great service. I was here as a party of two, and we had the Pork Dumpling Appetizer (great), Hot and Sour soup (great), Salt Baked Shrimp (extremely great), and the Ginger and Scallion Beef (great). Price was very reasonable. I am visiting only for a few days and I might come back.Really tasty Chinese food.  My sister and I like to stop by china town for some food after she picks me up from the airport.  The past couple of times we have gone to mai lai wah and it's just been kinda average so I wanted to try someplace new.
I'm glad we did!  We had a very delicious satisfying meal at Shiao lan Kung and will be going here from now on.  
We started with the hot and sour and hong kong style wonton soups.  The hot and sour was really good (I order it whenever I see it on the menu) with a lot of spice and perfect amount of sour.  The wonton soup was huge!  and the wontons tasted fresh and yummy.  I had the leftover soup for breakfast the next morning.  
For the main course I we had szechuan shrimp and maopo tofu.  Both were amazing.  The serving sizes were more than plenty for the two of us.  The only thing i was disappointed in was the egg roll.  It came out darker than it should have been like it was left in the fryer too long and didn't have much flavor.  Can't wait to go back the next time I'm in Philly!OMG the fried dumplings were so good! Get them! Unfortunately, I only had that as I was on a Chinatown food crawl, but I would definitely recommend this place for a quick bite. Yum!The best Chinese food in Chinatown. I love the family style portions. I have been going here for ever 15 years. Highly recommend the roast duck. Great flavor food very authentic.Came here with coworkers on a early Tuesday evening, and this place was super empty and quiet. As the night goes, it got more filled and mainly non-Chinese diners. Usually you know a Chinese restaurant is good if it's filled with Chinese people, but this is not the case for Shiao Lan Kung. Even though there were rarely any Asian eating there that night, he food here is pretty good.
I had:
Salted Baked Trio, which consisted of lightly battered squid, scallop and shrimps. I really the light batter, just wish there was a little more seasoning. 
Dragon & Phoenix's Nest: I really like this dish because you get both veggies and seafood.
Homemade Style Rice Noodle: Super flavorful and interesting since they use fermented veggies in this dish. It's also filled with that "wok" flavor. 
Spinach with Garlic: Quite oily and bland, but garlicky at the same time. 
Pa-Chien Tofu In Hot Pot: Taste typical and flavorful. I just wish the tofu is deep fried a little more.
All in all, a decently clean, small but spacious Chinese restaurant to eat at with pretty good service and food.The roast pork wonton soup was flavorful and delicious. The salt baked scallops were extremely salty, as expected, but over white rice were super good. My family loved the pork and bean sprouts and Peking duck. We will definitely be back!Came in around 6 on a Friday night and about half the restaurant was filled. Had the house style tofu and eight treasure clay pot. They both came out sizzling hot and were flavorful. Unfortunately the tofu was not the soft fresh fried tofu that I've seen at other restaurants. It had a firm texture and did not stand out. The portion sizes were  normal and appropriate for the price.Stopped by Shiao Lan Kung for a late dinner after walking around chinatown for a bit looking for a place that was open late. This place had lots of awards and Zagat ratings on the front window, so we thought itd be a good place. Since it was late on a Thursday night, there were only a few other tables occupied aside from us. The service was very good, for a Chinese restaurant. However, the food was incredibly salty. We ordered pretty traditional Chinese dishes, not the westernized-chinese food (It was a small group of Chinese/oriental guys. It was hard to finish. We needed lots of rice and water to go with it. Perhaps it was a late night thing, but I won't be back. Unless it's with someone who has been there before and can vouch for their food.Every dish we got was delicious!
We got the chinese broccoli with oyster sauce and the greens were cooked perfectly - crunchy, not soggy and the sauce was delicious. The salt baked shrimp and squid is so delicious, I love the jalapenos in there. We also got vegetable fried rice, delicious with water chestnuts, baby corn and bamboo. We got a hot pot with tofu and mixed vegetables and it was delicious. There was nothing we didn't like. We liked it so much, we went back the next day for dinner again. Everyone is so nice there too.With so many restaurants in China town in Philly, we were hoping we made a good choice when we picked this restaurant. Glad to say that this turned out to be a winner. It's a small restaurant and always quite packed, which goes to show how good their food is, and clearly there are many regulars at this place. We ordered the mashed chicken with sweet corn soup, and it was delicious! In addition we ordered some egg rolls, a seafood and a chicken dish. All the dishes were great. The staff are friendly and will always welcome you promptly and with a smile. 
So the next time you  are wondering which of the many gray restaurants to try in Chinatown, go for this place!Situated on Race street away from the main street of Chinatown (which is 10th street), this place appears nondescript amongst it's neighbors but the quality of its food, and that alone, distinguish it. I too would not have tread upon its threshold had Pho Xiet Luan been open on Wednesdays. But here we were and I'm glad to have eaten here.
This place has all the marks of an authentic Chinese restaurant- no frills, very modest table service, meaning no one is going to actively ask how your meal is but if you just look up and look around, a waitress is by your side in a flash. We got the seafood and bean curd hot pot, the chicken and eggplant hotpot, and a third dish whose name I can't remember (fail, I know). All the dishes were piping hot and flavorful. The portion sizes are moderate, so you'll definitely fill up but without having leftovers to bring home. Between the three of us, we paid $13 each. They do accept credit card but prefer cash. I'll definitely be back to try their other dishes. I do wish they opened earlier bc they don't open until 3 pm, but they stay open until 2 AM so that's probably the reason.Had to bump this down to a three star rating. Here's why:
It gets SUPER crowded now late at night. I guess the word got around that this is the new late night spot for food, but my friends and I got to Shiao Lan Kung, and waited fifteen minutes at the door, when clearly there were tables open for us to sit at. Strike one.
When we finally got seated, it took another twenty minutes for the waiter to take our order. We said we were waiting on two other people and they were late, but I figured the waiter or someone would've came over and asked us if we wanted to order first. Common sense much?
The food wasn't that great this time around as well. The pan fried dumplings weren't as crispy or hot. They also upped the price to $6 for 8 dumplings. The salt and pepper squid seemed to rubbery and WAY too salty. The sweet and sour BBQ pork just did not satisfy my needs for that night.
Side note, there's a sign that says their credit card machine isn't working, but they'll swipe your debit/credit card if you pay more than $20. 
Overall, Shiao Lan Kung is a better spot to eat at late at night compared to Rising Tide, but it's not the best spot anymore.Awesome place to eat. I randomly chose this place because I wanted to get away from the tourist traps on my trip. The prices are great, it's quiet, and the services is quick.A little expensive for the portion sizes. All items a la cart.  I had the general tso's chicken. 1 small Shrimp Fried Rice and an egg roll.  The Egg roll was awesome and big. For the general tso's I am used to a thicker spicier sauce. Sauce was runny and bland. The chicken was more sauteed rather than fried and a little crunchy.  It was a decent experience, I still ate it all, just not my cup of tea. I would go back for egg rolls. 
Egg roll - $1.85
General Tso's Chicken (just the chicken) - $12.95
Smal Shrimp Fried Rice - $4.50
To me, This is expensive...Not a lot of bang for your buck.The great thing about this restaurant that it is all about their food. Forget about fancy decorations, or anything else. If you want excellent Chinese food in Philadelphia you need to stop here and nowhere else. 
My favorite dish is the "Salt-Baked Shrimp, Scallop and Squid." Other items I would recommend to try are "Sweet and Spicy Shrimp", "Bean Curd in Spicy Garlic Sauce" and their "Oysters with Black Bean Sauce". 
Overall the pricing is very reasonable. You can choose to eat at the restaurant or get take out. The take out service is very fast. On the rare occasion that your food is not ready when you arrive they will take it out to the car for you as long as you are park on the small side street close to them (N Hutchinson St). I would discourage people to order  "Spring Rolls" or "Egg Rolls" for take out as they tend to be somewhat burnt. They are closed on Mondays and on most nights open until one or two in the morning.As many have mentioned, Shiao Lan Kung offers a variety of salt-baked specialties, which I enjoy as well. Often we also get down with some chicken and eggplant or chicken in black bean sauce. We always order one of those saucy birds... but sometimes all I want for these rum-soaked bones is some spicy lo mein noodles in the night. I'll admit it. 
Usually I'd be more about the more authentic and interesting side of things, but the ole gal gets hit with these kinda hankerings hard after a night out and about. Noodley comfort food, that's the ticket.
Shaio Lan Kung does not have such an item listed on their menu, but when I asked if the cooks could stir up their vegetarian lo mein extra extra super spicy, they really did and gave me some extra chili oil on the side t'boot, and I appreciate it. 
Open late 2 Am every night and 3 AM on Fri & Sat. That there is some helpful information for someone like myself, you know.food is not very fresh and the service is kind of badOnly went here because it's open until 3am on Saturdays. Food was decent enough, but some serious issues will probably prevent me from returning.
I got the fried dumplings, chicken and eggplant, and beef chow fun (this is one of the standards I judge a restaurant in chinatown by). The chow fun was just OK. Definitely not one of the best I've had in Philly. The pan fried dumplings were actually surprising good. The chicken and eggplant would have been great, except there was barely any chicken in it. No seriously, the amount of chicken I got for $11 was insulting. They also up-charge for white rice..seriously? 
Decent Chinese place in Philly Chinatown, gets an extra star for being open late night. May give it one more chance to see if I went on a bad night, but tonight's experience was really mediocre.I've been here a couple times, and it's all right.
The salt-baked seafood was very good -- taste & texture are great.
Cold sesame noodles didn't have much flavour.
Other stuff was just okay.  Maybe I haven't tried enough of the right dishes.Goods and bads and I'll break down both. Keep in mind this is my first negative Yelp post yet. I try to keep it positive but felt the need to share my experience. 
We walk into the smallish venue and the host/waiter is sitting at a table and "points" us to our seats without getting up. Interesting. 
We order our food and then subsequently two other parties walk in and order. Their food comes and they leave before we even get our entree. We inquire to the manager and she quickly yells "it coming, it coming." Meanwhile, the one party that arrived 20 minutes after us has now opened their fortune cookies, paid, and left. The kicker is that they appeared to have ordered the same or similar dish (sesame chicken or general tsos - same dish, different sauce) as us. Perhaps they're ability to communicate in Chinese allowed for quicker/better service (?!?!) Again, interesting. 
Moving on. The sesame chicken finally came out. Sesame chicken often comes with broccoli, however my dish looked as if I ordered broccoli with a side of sesame chicken. It's chunks of dark meat chicken, not filet mignon. Pile it on! 
Sesame chicken:
Quantity: F
Quality: B+ (it was pretty good) 
My guest got the "Chinese delight" which was a mixture of chicken, scallops and shrimp with a spicy garlic sauce. 
Quantity: A
Quality: A-
The food was overall pretty good, which is the SOLE reason I even gave it two stars (there was no option for 1.5 stars) but the service was dismal. Any request we made seemed to be met with hostility and a sense that we were bothering the staff. Our party felt very unwelcome. Native speaking guests, however, were getting hugs and smiles upon entrance. 
For some, I would recommend it and believe the service would be great. For others, such as myself, I would not recommend this place to anyone. I will certainly be avoiding this restaurant and the awkward and uncomfortable experience that went along with it.My absolute favorite Chinese restaurant in Chinatown!
Alllllll attributed to one amazing lip-smacking tastebud-melting heavenly perfect dish.
THE EGGPLANT HOTPOT.
Nono, it's not the typical let's-stick-anything-n-everything-into-a-boiling-pot-of-water kinda hotpot. It comes in it's magical dish full of flavorful TENDER pieces of eggplant that instantaneously melt in your mouth with an explosion of garlic brown sauce.
You HAVE to order it. Trust me, I've had friends that first looked at me apprehensively when I ordered it but they too became believers once they experienced this magical hotpot.
Oh, and their other dishes are tasty and inexpensive too. I'm down with that.After being recommended to this place and seeing the reviews up here, I was sure this place would be the real deal.  Let me assure you that it is not.  I am Chinese and this is NOT Chinese food.  It's completely Americanized.  Like Rose said, the sauces are way thick and sweet, and the soup we ordered was extremely bland.    
If they serve Sweet & Sour Chicken and General Tso's then it's def. not the REAL DEAL.I live on the edge of Chinatown and, while I haven't tried every spot, this is my go-to for food. The prices are completely reasonable and relatively inexpensive. The service is great, quick, efficient and the staff friendly.
The food is very good. It's delicious, but not overly greasy, as most other places are wont to do. Portions are large - if you're not terribly hungry you could probably get by with splitting an entree. The only reason it gets 4/5 is that rice costs extra.
Overall, this is probably the best food in Chinatown at perfectly reasonable prices. I'd recommend the Beef in hot bean sauce and Green beans in garlic sauce.The dumplings were the best I've ever had.  Everything else was o.k.  Don't get the general tso's chicken.Open till Eleven thirty most nights.  This place is amazing for a great authentic Chinese meal ..... my favorite spot in Chinatown was closed ..... so I tried this place and I was very happy ... I did .... great prices great food ... lots of vegetarian optionsService on the slow side today. Arrived at 5 pm when fairly quiet but suddenly got very crowded. It seemed like several larger tables that arrived later than us were served their entrees before us.
Our fried pork dumplings were very good, but then we waited a while until my salt baked squid was served. It was excellent. My wife had moo shoo (?) chicken, which was good, and we shared chicken fried rice and baby bok choi, which were also very good. Portions here are generous. They could use some decent wine glasses.During a trip to Philly, I walked around the rather nice little Chinatown in the city and found Shiao Lan Kung. The window was posted with some acknowledgements by local publications and it had a good family owned cafe vibe. 
The food was surprisingly good at moments...the Roast Pork Wonton soup actually smelled delicately of sesame oil that must have been sprinkled on top (a touch that recipes always recommend but a flavor that usually gets lost in restaurant preparations for some reason). The egg roll I had was over-fried (dark brown) but filled with good east coast style ingredients. I had a wonderful duck dish called Wor Siu Duck which comes with julienne snow peas, bamboo, and shitake mushrooms. 
I have heard rumors there are better places in the city but this is a great spot to start.
5 stars for the food and friendly atmosphere in general but minus one for the over cooked egg roll.
Enjoy!Wooow wow! I am continuously impressed with getting dinner at this hole in the wall spot in China Town.
Last night I took my parents for their first time and we were all blown away with the quality of the food and how quickly it came out, nothing new here. We got our usual order: pan fried pork dumplings, fried wontons, garlic green beans, salt bake jumpo shrimp (ask for no shells), walknut shrimp, chicken ho-fun with bean sauce....
AND something new! Which blew my mind.
I asked our waitress for her opinion on the best fish dish to which she goes, "OH! Ok, ok, I know." Within ten minutes out came a whole, steamed sea bass that was sitting in the most delicious ginger, soy sauce. I have never been so happy and I am already craving it again. I could come for just this once a week....and probably will!
Happy eating!Overall, the food is solid and served very quickly (less than 10 minutes), although the portions are still on the small side.  Our stir-fried Chinese sausage with shitake, shoots, snow peas, carrots, dried radishes, and mushrooms was pretty authentic, but they did use canned mushrooms rather than fresh ones.  The sausage was cooked perfectly, with just the right amount of heat.  We also had the fried bean curd toast with shrimp, which was light and crispy, and not at all heavy.  The curry shrimp was solid, as well, with a flavorful gravy.  Service was very good, and the small, quiet setting was cozy and great for a family dinner.Excellent little place.
I went with a large party.
Food: A
Most of the dishes were absolutely delicious. I especially liked the Beef Chow Fun and Salt Baked Shrimp/Squid. 
Service: A
The lady who served us (I believe was the owner) was very attentive and kind. She also gave us another plate on the house!I've eaten here countless times and can't believe I'm just getting to writing a review. The food is solid, better than most traditional canto places I've been to, and they even have lazy susans! I recommend the dumplings (they're huge and fried and super savory), salt baked squid, and pan fried noodles. Prices are cheap and portions are sizeable! It's become our go-to spot in Chinatown and I don't see that changing any time soon!This is a Chinatown staple for Philly. They hold weird hours, I think they're open for dinner most nights and Friday lunches (but I could be wrong). Anywho, Joe and I ordered to go from here since we didn't feel like the hassle of looking for parking in Chinatown. We split two dishes. And staying true to the spirit of take out, we didn't use any of our own dishes or utensils to save the trouble of doing dishes later on.
This dish was amazing but tiny! for the price, I would've thought the box would've been more than 1/3 full. come on! the pieces of white meat were dredged in a flour batter and deep fried and then cooked in a black bean based sauce. I liked that the black bean flavor didn't overwhelm the other elements going on here (dried red peppers? garlic?)
the salt baked shrimp and scallop is my favorite in all of Chinatown (that's right, I'm putting my 2 cents down). I'm not a fan of squid but luckily Joe eats everything so this worked out for us both. Usually when you eat it at a restaurant, the batter is crispy but since we had gotten it to go, the batter had a chance to become a bit soggy. whoops! fortunately, this is a testament to this dish, when I ate it, it was still delicious!Had a family style dinner here after a softball game. Woo, some much flavor and taste. We had a few dishes but I recommend the braised pork with the Baos/buns and the Salted Baked Squid. You won't be disappointed. The only comment from me would be the portion when you're doing family style. 
I was left fairly hungry although the group tried to figure how many dishes to get. It doesn't go well if your stomach resembles a black hole while there are some people who have mouse size stomachs and appetites. 
May the odds be ever in your favor. 
The service was pretty friendly and active. We had a party of six or so and they kept coming back and forth whether we needed more water or more rice. The overall atmosphere of the restaurant is more of a causal Chinese restaurant. It can be tight with space if you're at the table near the door or the certain. 
Overall, don't mind if I come here but won't be my first choice.Great food! Used to come here all the time when I lived in Philly. Now we stop by when we visit from out of town. Usually get the salt baked squid and beef chow fun. They've been here for a while so I can only imagine the owners of this place are killing it.
I seriously wish they would fix up the place though, ESPECIALLY the bathroom. Perhaps they are too afraid to mess with success?I think that they have changed owners because somehow the food didn't taste the same and the portions are smaller.  The triple delight was okay, but the yellow chive frog legs were a bit bland.  I didn't see any of the old, familiar workers, but maybe, hopefully, it was just their day off.The food is alright, but the service was very bad in my experience. It is very hard to communicate with the waiters. They got our order wrong, and then took it out on us that they cooked an extra dish that we didn't order. They were in no way hospitable after that.Pan fried dumpling, I could stop there.
Been coming here for over twenty years and you need to get with the program to understand this place, it's not for everybody. They are not trying to impress with the decor but all of the skill are in the kitchen. The soups are excellent, pork and watercress my favorite. You can place special orders or go as far off the menu as you like and they will accommodate. Not many tables and very close together but come here for the taste and you won't be dissapointed. The shiao is old school and I like it that way.What does it mean when you walk into a Chinese restaurant in the middle of Chinatown and there are NO Asians among the patrons? Our party of five found the entrees to be consistently good but not great, except for the egg drop soup which was the best ever. The sauces are too thick, heavy, and sweet. The pupu platter came with no flame, and was mostly tough and cold.I haven't been here in a while because each time we've tried the last few times, it's been packed and we couldn't get a seat without waiting in the cold.  But I will say that is a sign of a good reputation, and based on the food quality we have had when we were lucky enough to get in, it is a well-deserved reputation.  I'd give it 5 stars if I could get a seat more often.Excellent food for vegetarians and meat-eaters. The portions are great as well. 
The shrimp curry and mapo tofu were EXCELLENT. 
The place is a bit small, and the tables etc. aren't the cleanest. Our table was super sticky, but when we told the server about it, they cleaned it up and it was fine after that. 
Their food is very very delicious and I think we will be back, for sure.I was born in Taiwan, so I have been to a lot of Chinese restaurants in my life.  (When my parents eat out, they either do Chinese food or American fast food...weird.)  Shiao Lan Kung is spectacular--probably one of my top 5 restaurants of all time.  Sure, the decor sucks.  You might have to wait a while for a table if you go during the weekend dinner rush.  But the food is worth it.  The menu descriptions can be a little vague, but even the most boring sounding menu items have turned out to be at least good, if not excellent.  The salt-baked squid is a must have.  The prices are a great value for the large portions, especially the hot pots.  I love this place.My husband and I have been ordering out and eating here late night for years! It's our favorite! We have tried other places but this is by far the best in Chinatown, Philadelphia! :)Its been a LONG time since I've been here and its just as good as I remember.  Salt Baked Squid, Beef Chow Fun, and Spinach with garlic sauce.  It was so delicious!This is a small and relatively plain restaurant with great service in Chinatown that needs to work on its food quality. My group ordered chicken and broccoli, shrimp fried rice, white rice, baked duck, and beef and vegetable dish that the kids loved but did not impress the adults. The shrimp fried rice and white rice were good. The beef and chicken were chewy, vegetables bland, and the duck cut up in a way that made it hard to eat, although it tasted okay.Everyone has a favorite Chinatown place--thanks to some friends, this is mine.  It has a good overall menu with some great favs (I'm a fan of the egg drop soup.)  A lot of people have mentioned salt baked squid/shrimp--also try the salt baked tofu.  My veg friend introduced me to it and I always get it, even if I am a meat eater.  Also good is the veg pan fried noodle.  Good and cheap!Tastiest Chinese food in Phiily. Delicious fried dumplings, hot & sour soup, salted seafood dishes and lots more. I've been coming here for years. Always worth a stop. And when not overwhelmingly busy the owners and servers are warm and friendly.The most amazing salt baked squid I've ever eaten and it keeps me coming back. I'm absolutely addicted. The service is great - everyone is so friendly and they definitely make you feel like you're at home. Definitely recommend!After reading all of the great reviews, I went with the salt baked combination. For anyone that hasn't had anything salt baked, it's all basically breaded and fried seafood. It was gross. The squid was so rubbery, after 2 minutes of chewing I gave up. It was as tough as a tire. The shrimp were okay but the scallops weren't good. Our service was spotty at best as well. Will not be returning.Have probably come close to 10 times in the last year now, and I don't know why I ever gave it less than 5 stars. Every meal has been solid, definitely my to-go place in Chinatown. The desire to try out new places in Chinatown has shrunk incredibly because I know I can always go to SLK.
Recommended: Salt baked squid (the best), Sizzling beef with black bean sauce, Mapo Tofu, Chicken and Eggplantwithout question my favorite chinese place in philadelphia. as everyone else mentioned the salt baked triple delight is phenomenal. I always end up getting the same exact thing everytime, pan fried dumplings, salt baked triple delight, sizziling beef with bone in, and razorneck clams. always a pleasure.Came here for the first time St. Patty's day weekend. After a long day and night of walking and partying, we were hungry for some good authentic Chinese food. Everything around us was closed, but luckily, this place was still open at 2am in the heart of Chinatown. A 20 minute walk from our hotel, but it was soooooo worth it! The fried rice was AHHH-MAZING and shrimp eggrolls were crispy and HOT!! The best decision as far as food choice for the day by far! The food was so good I had to go for a second time while I was in town this past Sunday and it did not disappoint!! The place is very small and crowded, so I wouldn't suggest dining in, but it is perfect for takeout. I will definitely be back!This is the real deal. Take your trendy places like Penang and leave them by the wayside. Food is meant to be delicious and real; not built around a facade.
This restaurant offers some of the best tasting Chinese food around. Not to mention it has many authentic dishes on the menu like shark fin soup.
Speaking of soup, this may be the best hot and sour in the city.
The dumplings are another great story.
I'm not sure about cleanliness...I see complaints here but I don't recall having ever felt like the place was at all dirty. Small Chinese restaurants aren't supposed to be the picture of sterility though.
All in all, this is my favorite Chinese restaurant in the whole of the city. Never disappointed. And the service is great too.My girlfriend and I came here on a Saturday night at  10:30 pm.  5 people were in there.  We were served tea which was nice.  My girlfriend was served her chicken eggplant with garlic sauce.  There was a small vile looking plastic in the dish.  I asked the waitress about it and she explained it was a pen cap.  It looked nothing like a pen cap.  We were lied to.  The waiter refused to comp our meal despite the insulting situation.  Avoid this place at all costs.A friend who lives in Philly introduced us to this place many years ago, and we fell in love with it. Whenever we are in Philly (we are from NYC), we always make an effort to come to this place. In our recent visit, we ordered the hot pot (chicken and black mushroom) and sautéed clams in black bean sauce. The hot pot was excellent as usual. The clams were so delicious. My younger daughter couldn't get enough of the sauce. She was putting it over the rice. We will be returning again the next time we are in this area.I stumbled upon Shiao Lan Kung while on the hunt for hot food on a late Friday night. There weren't too many options in this area, but the restaurant was packed so I decided to give it a go. 
I ordered the General Tsos tofu, and vegetarian hot & sour soup. 
PROS - Service was fast, and pleasant. I ordered both of my dishes to go and received them in no more than 7 minutes. The food was good, fresh, and flavors were strong and not too oily. 
CONS - although the flavors were strong, something tasted a bit off to me. The soup was overwhelmingly sour, and smelled too strongly of sesame oil. The "hot" element of the soup only really described the warmth - although there seemed to be a plethora of chili flakes at the bottom, the sour element overpowered any sort of spice that should've been there. The general tsos tofu was not bad, but wasn't good enough to leave me wanting more. 
All in all it's a decent place to get a late night meal in Chinatown, but I won't be making it a priority to go back anytime soon.This is the best Cantonese Cuisine Restaurant in Chinatown in Philly. They have a great variety of food, starting with a soup is always good!
Everything is good there, the sizzling tofu pot is the dish i order ALL THE TIME!been eating at shiao lan kung for years and it's always great.  not the most fancy place inside but the food is legit.  tried the Lucky Family tonight, another yummy dish.  see you next week SLK...Having recently moved into the Chinatown area temporarily, I was looking for a solid Chinese restaurant suggestion.  Rebecca S. came to the rescue and suggested this spot.  I went with my mom for a Friday night dinner.  I started with wonton soup.  It was okay, nothing special.  My mom loved her hot and sour soup.  We shared an order of steamed dumplings.  They were fantastic, especially after I added some chili oil.  For my main dish I went with veggie moo shu since I had two pork dishes.  They added tofu for me.  It was really good.  I used to order it from my local Chinese take-out place and this was a million times better.  I'll definitely be back.If you find yourself in Chinatown after a short or long night of drinking, do yourself a favor and get the house special congee.  Its probably the most underrated dish in this place, so don't be fooled by its simplicity.  What's so special about rice porridge you say?  Perfectly seasoned and hearty bits of seafood mixed in with tender grains of rice...  On the other hand, I may have been so far over the legal limit that I might be completely wrong as to how fantastic it tasted.  Either way, this place does great food in appropriate portions and at reasonable prices.
To the hostess/waitress of Shiao Lan Kung:  Thank you for taping my c-note back together while face down in my new favorite dish...mixed vegtable in hot bean sauce=SO good-basically a huge bowl of spicy soup with vegetables. 
hong kong wonton soup=tasty stuff
golden mushrooms with bean curd= the tofu was soft, fluffy, and fried and had a very thick sauce. like gew. i wasn't a fan, but my dining partner was.
NOTE: $8.00 minimum PER PERSON. most dishes are at least $8.00, but be prepared to have leftovers unless you go really hungry, stoned, or with lots of people who like to share. 
perfect place to go at 12:30 am on a sunday night. it was totally empty. fast service, hot food, friendly waitstaff.I wanted to try something very Chinese and something very American, so that I had an overall sense of the food. (For those of you who think I'm an authenticity whore, nothing is further from the truth. Authenticity is a big lie we like to tell ourselves. I loves me some good American Chinese schlock, or any other mongrel/fusion food for that matter, when it's done well.) So I had the steamed sea bass in hot bean sauce and beef with snow peas.
The fish was perfectly cooked, tender and flaky (the MP was $22). The sauce was watery (I would imagine you'd want to start with a very concentrated sauce since steaming will introduce a lot of water) though some might like it that way, since it mixes easily and not too heavily with rice. I did have a couple scales in my mouth, but I am not as horrified of this as Ming Tsai on Top Chef. In fact, I'm not disturbed at all by it.
The beef with snow peas was passable. The thick brown sauce looked like yesterday's gravy. Both the beef and snow peas were well cooked. However, the peas did not have the lovely snap crunch I love in snow peas. They had that right-cooking-time green but were a bit tough. They didn't seem previously frozen, but perhaps they were a bit old.
The rice was quite sad. There must be a category of chinese-restaurant rice that they don't sell at the supermarket because no one would buy it.
They obviously were using chinese-restaurant tea (those big 10 pound bags of dirty looking flaky leaves that are kinda oolong and kinda puerh). This reminds me of old man (as in my father, who will drink plain hot water, etc.) and smells a bit like wet leaves in autumn that are just starting to spore. Julia Child would call it dishwater. I'd suggest it is better for washing your hands (with lemon) after eating a good roasted crab. Cheap jasmine or oolong tea is preferable.Food tasted authentic. The workers there speak Cantonese & English and are very friendly. 
You must try the hot & sour soup!
[Edit 5/27/2012]
Came here again on a Sunday night.  The hot and sour soup was too sour and it was slightly greasy/oily.  Still tasted ok though, but not as delicious as when I went here the last time.
Also tried the fried dumplings.  I was expecting pan fried dumplings, but the whole dumpling was tossed into a fryer!  They looked like egg rolls on the outside and the pork/cabbage filling made it taste slightly like an egg roll... The dipping sauce was a good complement to the dumplings though.... Overall it was okay, but I was expecting something different.Ever since our neighborhood Chinese restaurant closed, we've been on the prowl for a new go-to restaurant. This weekend we tried out Shiao Lan Kung. How did we pick it, you ask? Well, because they're one of the few Chinese restaurants that actually have their menu online (http://philadelphia.menupages.com/restaurants/shiao-lan-kung/).
Here's everything we tried:
- Steamed dumplings ($5.50)
- Egg rolls ($1.40)
- Spicy shredded pork with red pepper ($8.00)
- Dragon And Phoenix Nest ($14.50)
- White rice (yes, you have to order it separately - $1.00)
I was really surprised by the dumplings and have to say that they're some of the best dumplings I've ever ordered at a Chinese restaurant. They were big, covered in scallions, and not at all like the wontons you get in soup. I've been to lots of places where their dumplings are just straight-up wontons from their soup, and it annoys me to no end. I really liked the ones we got here, and for $5.50 for EIGHT of them, you really can't go wrong.
The egg rolls were also really good. They were filled with tiny shrimps and pork, and by the time I was done with the dumplings and the egg rolls, I was full! I continued to eat, though, for the sake of this review.
The spicy shredded pork with red pepper was a big surprise for me. My husband was the one who ordered it, and I wasn't too excited because I thought it sounded plain, but it was mighty tasty. It ended up being my favorite part about the meal.
As for the dragon and phoenix nest, which is described as this: jumbo shrimp and white meat chicken sauteed with broccoli, asparagus and snow peas in a hot & spicy sauce blended with garlic and pepper................I was let down. Everything that was in the dish tasted like it was boiled and then covered in sauce. And the sauce, might I add, wasn't spicy at all - and that's the primary reason I got it.
The next day, though, I combined all of the leftover entrees, reheated them, added a little chili oil, and it was one of the most delicious things I've ever tasted.
I'd certainly go back to this place, but I think our search will still continue.I have to say, Shiao Lan Kung is the diamond in the rough in Chinatown. I've never even heard of this place before my friend jokingly suggested we go there after we left the club.
When we walked in, it was fairly empty for a Friday night. One of my friend's friend suggested we get the pan fried dumplings, and so we got three orders of those. We also got the salt and pepper squid and the sweet and sour pork bbq.
The salt and pepper squid was fantastic. Perfectly fried and the tiny slices of jalapeno added perfect flavor and was a great complement to the salt and pepper. The squid was not too rubbery and it was a decent portion for only $8.
The dumplings were amazing. They literally tasted like candy. Perfectly fried and crispy, yet when you bit into the dumpling, it melted into your mouth like perfection. I swore angels were singing hallelujah above my head as I ate dumpling after dumpling. The best thing is that the dumplings are only $5.50 for 8 dumplings, and the size of the dumplings are slightly bigger than half the size of a grown man's fist.
The main dish was the sweet and sour pork bbq. The pork came in bite sized pieces and was topped with a nice bbq glaze. It also had slices of pineapple on the side which added a nice sweet flavor to the pork, and the glaze wasn't too sour. The pork was cooked very nicely, and the amount of pork we got was pretty generous. 
Overall, I have to nominate Shiao Lan Kung as the best afterhours dining spot in Philadelphia. Best salt pepper squid, best fried dumplings, and the best boneless sweet and sour pork.I stayed at NYNY and came to eat here with my friend. We ordered Spicy Eggplant-brown rice, Wonton Soup, and Crap Cake app. The Wonton soup was so salty, we had to send it back for a new one. The Eggplant was okay as well as the crab cake. Anyhow, both I and my friend later got sick....diarrhea all night for no reason. I had ice tea while my friend had lemonade, no alcohol nor dessert.  So our experience here was not a good one. Just be careful with what you order here.We stop here when we are hungry and in our way home from philly. Holy crap the food is soooo good. Salt bake shrimp, roasted duck and steamed dumplings=a perfect meal for 2. MmmmmnFive star food two star atmosphere.
Here, you go to eat authentic cantonese food. You chow down and your gone. Absolutely no atmosphere and no reason to linger. The waitstaff are very friendly and a they're a bunch of characters...but the food is great. The  standouts were the lowly lo mein.
Super fresh noodles in a very clean sauté.
We loved the Szechuan shrimp although not really cantonese. The shrimps were crunchy delicious. The classic wor shu duck was 
a crispy masterpiece. The garlicky Snow pea greens were spot on. Loved  this place !!
So go to eat and run at this first rate cheap eats.Best chinese and best value for money. We eat there a lot, the place is clean and the food is fresh. Orange beef, Hot Pot with beef and eggplants, Salt baked seafood and Peking duck are all perfect. BYOB. It's not a fancy place, just a regular looking chinatown restaurant, but the food is amazing. One of my favorite restaurants in the city.We had a take out order very late at night while returning back from Philly. Food was pretty good.Came in around 6:30 on a Saturday and it wasn't crowded and got seated right away. Service was prompt and ordered the steamed pork dumplings which were fantastic. The portions are big and had to take some of my meal home with me. Would highly recommend this place and would return.We were originally headed to Lee How Fook, but they were full, so we ended up here. While there are other cuisine options in Chinatown, we were just feeling in the mood for unfussy Chinese food for a change. It's not fancy, but no place in Philly's Chinatown really is, and our service was actually quite friendly and relatively attentive. Started out with hot and sour soup, which was tasty, though a bit heavy on the sour/vinegar taste--probably the weakest thing we ate, but still solid. We had three mains. First was lo mein, which was one of the better versions I've had of it, as the noodles felt clean and not so greasy, yet still with good flavor. Second was hunan beef, which was tender and delicious and was probably the table's favorite. Third was lychee duck, which was a substantial portion of duck that was generally quite tender and flavorful (and properly rendered), with a crisp skin.
All in all, it seems like the textbook definition of a four-star spot. They may not be the absolute champ, but the food is tasty, service is solid, portions are generous and prices are fair. That works for me.Late at night, when nothing is open...this is the place to be.
My flight got in late in the evening and often there is nothing to eat other than WAWA's...this place was wonderful!
There was a man who was dining at the same time, he was difficult to say the least.  He seems to think that people with accents are deaf, and in order for them to understand what he is saying, he has be speak VERY SLOWLY AND LOUDLY - and ultimately embarrass yourself.
Regardless of this man's behavior the waiter was very gracious and did an excellent job - so they go from 3 stars to 4 stars for service!!!
Great place to go for a inexpensive, good chinese meal late in the evening!I use to came to this place since 1989 
When I was single and now I have 3 boys 
13, 8 and 7 years old.  My family love most the foods in here. Good service.by far prb one of the best chinese restaurants in the tri state area... (this is from someone who've tried susanna foo's ...margaret's... yao ming)
MIND THE DECOR!!!:D... this is NOT ur 4star restaurant... so for those going for the total "dinner" experience (ambiance...service..etc)... you'll be quite disappointed... but if you're a foodie like urs truly... you'll appreciate what's more important... the FOOD... 
FOOD...you could prb pick ANYTHING on the menu and you'll leave satisfied... my favs: general tso's chicken (not ur typical take general tso's)... other dishes ya might consider ordering... salted baked squid, chicken with eggplant, beef chow fun (ask for chinese broccoli and with gravy or "wet"), sizzling beef with black bean sauce, and long clams with black bean sauce (it's seasonal so ya havta ask)
SUGGESTION... eat it AT the restaurant with good company of friends (not more than 8 due to space issues):D... tastes best when it just comes outta the kitchen to the table... if you can't stomach the surroundings... eat it fast as you can when ya get home:D!!Salt baked shrimp is on point! Will definitely return to satisfy my taste for quality food!!!We pretty much haven't tried any Chinatown restaurants because we don't know where to go! But when a group of friends wanted to get dinner together at the last minute (inexpensive, at a BYO, and at a central meeting point), I thought Chinatown would be best and turned to Yelp for guidance.
I pretty much randomly picked Shiao Lan Kung from the list that appeared, and we met up at 7pm to take over one of their large round tables. The menu is large, but somehow we managed to agree to share dishes and the seemingly endless ordering began. 
I can't even remember exactly what we ordered, so here's my best shot: one roast pork wonton soup, one duck noodle soup, spring rolls (one vegetarian, one regular), chicken with mixed vegetables (spicy), deep fried pork intestine, black bean sauce (maybe?) squid, baby bok choy with garlic, general tso's bean curd (not spicy), some beef dish, a hot pot with frog, and something else...seriously, there was a ton of food for 6 people, and yet we managed to plow our way through it. 
I couldn't try everything (a shrimp allergy makes me extremely cautious with any Asian cuisine), but considering how little remained at the end of the meal, and how we couldn't stop talking about how good everything was, I would say that Shiao Lan Kung is a definite repeat for delicious Chinese food. The staff was quite nice, and brought out our food quickly while constantly refilling water. And when we got the check, we were all pretty amazed at how reasonable it was after SO MUCH FOOD! Yum!This is a smallish Chinese restaurant in Chinatown. Food is decent. I think their claim to fame is they are open very late (as in past midnight), so many people go there because it's the only place open at that time of night. It's a BYOB and cash-only. Allegedly their credit card machine is "temporarily broken", but the sign with the notification looked too old to be temporary. There's better places in Chinatown, but if this is the only place open, it will do the trick to satisfy your late night food cravings.Shiao Lun Kung is where you go for the classic Cantonese dishes. That means black bean anything, salt baked or salt and pepper anything, and anything in a claypot. I realize I am saying a lot of "anything," but that is because when it comes to Cantonese food, it's about the STYLE of cooking.
I can confidently say that if you stick to my rules you will leave satisfied. My personal favorite is the salt baked scallops. They are perfectly cooked, even shimmery in the center. The black bean chicken is also solid!
Their hot and sour soup is just okay, as to be expected when you order something that doesn't originate from Guangdong.
The food at SLK is a little on the bland side as far as Cantonese goes. I don't mind that because it reminds me of home cooking. 
I have not tried some of the big ticket Cantonese items, such as steamed whole fish or lobster noodles. One of these days I will bring a gigantic group to SLK to try a whole spread of dishes. Until then, I will stick to my tried and true favorites!Yum! I dream about their salt-baked shrimp and snow pea leaves. The hot and sour soup is good- pretty standard compared to other places (and the best thing to eat when you have a cold). I've occasionally gotten other dishes; the sauces are thick, but everything tastes fresh. They are great about keeping the teapot full.
The salt-baked shrimp can be a little expensive- I think they use smaller shrimp than they used to (or maybe it's a seasonal thing). Still so worth it!
BYOB and open way late.This place gets 4 stars but it's really more of a 3.5.  The food is solid, probably a slight step above the other local spots like Wong Wong or David's Mai Lai Wah.  Not quite as good as Lee How Fook, though.  
Per Yelper recommendation, I tried the salt baked shrimp, chicken with hot pepper, and a Mei Fun-type of dish with pork.  Also tried the dumplings.  Nothing really stood out as "amazing."  Most of the food was still pretty greasy and seemed to use similar ingredients as the other places, with a slightly more deft hand in the kitchen.  
BYO+cheap+pretty good eats = worth a look.Late night muchies after a drinking outing in center city lead us to Chinatown, where the wok never stops.
I was really happy with the service at Shiao Lan Kung at 2 in the morning, as well as the pace at which the food was brought out and the overall cleanliness of the place.
Food was pretty good- No complaints about the quality, quantity, or the prices. I wish I could remember more, but I think my brain was too tired. All in all, a good experience and only $60 for 5 people with lots of leftovers.
I would return in a less intoxicated state to try more things!Best Chinese food so far in Chinatown.  Good hot and sour soup, good dumplings.  The lemon chicken was not exciting but still well-prepared.  The show pea leaves were delicious, with lots of garlic.
On our recent visit we tried some new things, things we'd never eaten at other places.  There was a salty squid dish that everyone loved.  I wish I knew what the other dishes were, but trust me when I say that nothing I've ordered has been bad here.
They also serve on dishes created as a local art project.  Worth checking out.This is the best chinese restaurant I have ever been to. It blows away its counterparts in chinatown, and I would take a meal there over any gourmet asian fusion restaraunt as well.
It is absolutely impossible to go to shaio and spent over $25 with tip, and honestly the food is worth $50.
Here are the best things IMO:
Start off with the Hot and sour soup, it is some of the best around.
Appetizers: cold sesame noodles and fried meat dumplings. The noodles are a good, light refreshing app, and the dumplings are byu far the best ive ever had, and could be the number one dish on the whole menu.
Entrees: The best is dry chicken and black bean sauce off the bone (you nave to order it exactly like that) it is heavenly.
Salt baked seafood (squid, shrimp and scallops) like many others have said, this is a phenomenal dish.
Other standouts are the lychee duck, the peking duck (huge and amazing, the razor clams dish and the szechaun shrimp!I dine at this restaurant often, main reason is good food and on top of that small and quiet place to dine with my GF.  My GF and I always get the seafood hot pot and salt baked seafood and 1 or 2 other side dish which varies.  Well i gone there last night after a few weeks break from them.  Our favorite seafood hot pot wasn't the same anymore.. Many main ingredients were missing.  One in particular that i like in there was a crunch long orange "snail".  It give textures to the dish because those pieces are crunchy where everything else in the dish are soft. 
Tough economy calls for Tough down grade in ingredients.Ordered pork/duck egg congee and clam with black bean sauce. Clam was decent but congee tasted like water and pork was overly cooked and in huge chunks. There is also a forced minimal charge of $8 that you must have. With so many other restaurants around, I would stay away from this.Don't believe the hype.. they're okay.
I don't see what all the fuss is about. The service was inattentive and forgetful. Two of my family's dishes were forgotten, so I reminded them. A few minutes later they produced one of the missing dishes and kept promising the other was on its way, but it never arrived.
Food-wise, nothing here stood out at all; everything we tried was average at best, and inedible at worst.
The tofu was good enough, same as you'd get anywhere. 
The sweet and sour chicken, usually considered a safe choice for the less adventurous, was mostly pretty good but about a fifth of the pieces had a large portion of tough gristle.
The beef with ginger and scallions was just plain awful. I was really looking forward to it because the menu highlighted it as a highly recommended dish, but it was rubbery and mostly flavorless. I couldn't make it past the third bite and ended up wasting it. I hate wasting food but this tasted like it was microwaved from raw to finished. Considering that this was the one they initially forgot, that is quite likely what happened. It shows they have no pride in their food and they'll take shortcuts to turn tables.
All in all, nothing here was good enough to make it stand out in a greasy sea of cheap Chinese restaurants.Food quality is not worth the high price they charge. We requested hot mustard and chili oil neither was provided. Food came without white rice. They should have informed us of that. Stick to your local Chinese restaurant. You'll be happier.Came here for some late night eats inebriated so I may be off.
Ordered watercress, fried flounder, crab and fish maw soup and the braised pork in peking sauce. 
Every thing tasted great and if i recall, the bill was only around 90. I think this place is better than the NY equivalent Wohop if you are ordering family style late night.Favorite place to go late night since they're open till way later in the night! The food is so good and comes out very quickly. They have amazing customer service as well, accommodating my party of 20+ people last minute! Highly recommend their salt baked squid and black bean chicken!My boyfriend and I stopped in for some late night food around midnight on a Friday. It's a nice, cozy little restaurant, and the staff were friendly. There was a table of two when we went in, but later, it got really loud with a group of five or six right next to us. The menu is pretty large. I ordered the roast duck noodle soup and he got pan fried noodles. We also shared an order of dumplings. The dumplings were good and my boyfriend enjoyed his noodles. I really liked my noodle soup especially because it was a cold night. The duck was flavorful and good. I was surprised that the noodles were like the pan fried noodles, yellow and squiggly, but they were good and cooked just right. The soup also had bok choy, which I enjoyed. Overall, good food and one of the few places in Chinatown open so late.we read the reviews on yelp before going to this place and have to admit the reviews were correct!! this place is yummy to my tummy!! my bf & i ordered... won ton soup, clams w/black bean sauce, ma-po tofu, singapore rice noodles and rice... everything was extemely tasty! especially the singapore rice noodles! we tried going back on sunday, but they were closed! as most of the restaurants in chinatown...so remember, if you go - don't go on a sunday!! :)I am 100% Chinese and lived in Hong Kong from the age of 3.
This is legit Canto-style food. Do not miss out on the water spinach, and be sure to bring a few beers to enjoy along with your food because it's BYOB.
Huge portions for a good price - just like the rest of Chinatown. If you're in the mood for authentic Cantonese-Chinese food, this is the place to go to.Had a really large party come in on a Friday night, and they were very accommodating. Food and service are really great, and between 9 people we paid about $10 each for a feast.
Recommended:
Salt baked squid, lychee duckThis is, by far, my favorite place in all of Chinatown.  The inside may seem a little depressing because it's so stark, but the food makes up for it.  The food is more authentic and less Americanized than most restaurants and super delicious.
I go here at least once a month, and, no matter what, I always order the fried dumplings.  The dumpling dough is  thin and fried  perfectly crisp and they are served  in a yummy ginger soy sauce.  The sauces are never gluey and the spicey never really gets too spicey  (which might be a downside for some).  
The menu is fairly extensive.  I'm not adventurous enough to try the more exciting dishes, although another table's jellyfish looked tempting...  All of the dishes are priced cheap to reasonable.
The servers are always incredibly attentive and are willing to answer any questions you might have.  I've never had bad service either dining in or getting take out. 
They are also open late, a lot of nights, which is convenient if you're hungry after a show at the troc! One of it's only problems is that it's a smaller restaurant, so make sure you put your name in early so you know you have a table.  I love this place, and i recommend it to everyone.things to get here - fried dumplings (better than steamed!), any beef dish (so tender!), and any casseroles/hotpot dish. staff is very friendly and always prepared to serve you. most if not all of them speak english which is a plus if there are any communication issues that can more easily arise at other chinatown restaurants. they accept both cash and credit card (not sure if there is a minimum). small restaurant space but it has many tables for 2-4 and 2 big tables for a group of ~8 so accommodating to both small and large groups of people.  great for dinner or late night!Oh god, delicious. I had my first beer dinner here (they're BYOB), and the authentic atmosphere and delicious food deffinately made that one of the best meals i've ever had. Their sweet and sour chicken is the best because the flavoring has more a spicy kick rather than sour. The portions are perfect (one dish is ideal for two), the chicken and eggplant (i believe that was it, correct me if it was a different vegetable) was delicious too. The staff is very kind and make a tremendous effort to cater to anyones needs. I need to go back and try a beef dish ASAP.Wow. My family and I would travel 1.5 hours from Central PA just to come to Philadelphia's Chinatown and we often stopped by Shiao Lan Kung. We stopped coming after a while because the food seemed to be going downhill.
Eight years later, I convinced my parents to go to Shiao Lan Kung thanks to all of their great Yelp reviews. I'm so glad we did it!
We had the seafood with fish maw soup, salt baked shrimp, water spinach ("ong choy") with shrimp paste, and some sort of beef in a clay pot. Everything was delicious and authentic. I was especially in love with the water spinach, which is usually cooked with too much oil. Not here! For some magical reason, the water spinach and shrimp paste were perfectly melded together.
Kudos to the clean bathroom, patient and friendly staff, and most importantly, the stellar food. Shiao Lan Kung is now officially my favorite restaurant in Pennsylvania. Well done, my Chinese brethren!One of my favorite restaurants in Chinatown!  My family has been coming here since I was 5, and we have never been disappointed.  This is still our go-to place whenever we have family or friends visiting.  I would definitely recommend the fish maw soup, sizzling stuffed tofu, eggplant and pepper, stir-fried shredded beef with peppers, seafood casserole/hot pot, fresh oysters (their specialty), salt-baked seafood, and clams in black bean sauce.  They are known for their cantonese dishes, and there's a reason for the Zagat awards and reviews.  The portions are very good, and the service is awesome; they will tell you what the freshest items, as far as seafood is concerned, of the day are and will go out and get you a fish from the seafood market if you want a kind that they don't have in their kitchen tank.  My family always orders way more food than can be consumed in even 2 sittings just so we can live off of the leftovers (which are still good!) for the week.  You have to stop by here if you're in Chinatown.  Just don't get Americanized dishes because you're coming here for authentic cantonese food!This is one of my favorite restaurants in the city. I go here about once every two weeks and always order the same 2 things (-which I'll get to in a moment.) 
What spurred me to write this review is that I went to Shaio Lan Kung last night- alone. I've never gone to a restaurant by myself before but after a grueling weekend at work and with a pocket full of cash and a good book, I decided that a quiet evening gorging myself at my favorite hole-in-the-wall (and it is a hole-in-the-wall... no one goes there for the atmosphere) was just what the doctor ordered. However, I was afraid that I'd be hurried, or ignored, or have to deal with an annoyed waiter (less food= less tips) but was both relieved and surprised when my service was on-point as always (though a little forgetful, which I find charming. "Oh! Your tea! I'll get it right now!" *scurry in the back, run to my table tea in hand looking slightly but endearingly embarrassed*) I read my book for a long while and slowly munched my food while my water magically refilled itself every time I turned the page (Shiao Lan Kung- the enchanted eatery of China Town?) and the food was, as it always is, orgasmically delicious. 
As a vegan my options are somewhat limited in a place like SLK, but it doesn't matter because they have two of the most delicious vegan meals in the entire city (rendering other options superfluous.) This is what I get (and my friends get, and their friends get, and so on, and so on...) 
SALT BAKED TOFU ($7.95) 
EGGPLANT WITH GARLIC SAUCE IN A HOT POT ($8.95) 
This is food enough for two people (though I ate it all myself last night and waddled home with unbuttoned jeans.) The tofu is not baked at all, but rather fried (or enchanted to appear fried) and comes out sauceless, topped with chopped scallions and hot peppers, and outrageously delicious. I don't even like tofu, but this is undeniably amazing. (My meat eating friends even order it!) Salty, crisp, yummy. 
The eggplant hot pot is of another world. It comes out spitting and sputtering in a thick garlic sauce with wood ear mushrooms, scallions, and thick pieces of superbly cooked eggplant. When my Dad visited Philly we got this dish 3 times in 2 days. The portion is huge, the price is right, and thus far I've never got that slimy-coated-greasy-stomach that some Chinese joints leave you with. 
Also, as for the reviewer who said they never see Asian people at SLK, they must have gone on backwards day. It's usually filled with non-english speaking Asians when I am there (or non Asians like myself that know good food when they find it), in fact I was first introduced to this restaurant by a Chinese friend who ordered for me in Cantonese so I wouldn't know what I was getting (...so I couldn't go without him.) 
This is a great place for vegans and vegetarians to go with omnivores, or go with each other, or, as I found out last night, to go alone. I highly recommend you witness the magic for yourself.Once again I am reviewing a Chinatown establishment based on their mapo tofu. I decided to try this establishment since they are one of the few places open late that serve mapo (the other ones I have tried were not good). Their tofu was decently soft and the dish loaded with meat, however the sauce did not hit the spot: sweet and I had to add chili oil. Even though the sauce was not what I desired it wasn't terrible. Overall I would eat the dish again if absolutely needed some form of mapo tofu. 
We also got the seaweed salad which you can't really mess up. 
Price point was great and the convenience of it being open late gains it some stars for me.Had food here fri night and was excellent. We ordered salt n pepper soft shell crabs, clams with black bean sauce, and snow peas with garlic. It's a small place but can't believe food so good.Pretty good food, but service was poor and they charged me for white rice which really pissed me off.
I got wonton soup, BBQ roast pork, salt baked wings, and orange beef. The wonton soup had that strong sesame oil after taste, but was decent otherwise. The BBQ roast pork was phenomenal. The wings and orange beef were both pretty good.
I guess the waiters are all sons of the owners, but they just sort of floated around. There was only one other table besides mine, and they left pretty early into my meal, meaning I was the only table in the restaurant. The guy who took my order kinda unprofessionally leaned back at the table next to me when taking my order. I get that it's not a fancy restaurant, but it wouldn't have killed him to stand up straight for one minute to take my order. They were poor about clearing plates/bowls and refilling water.
I would probably give it another shot, but it's nowhere near the best I've had in Chinatown.This is the place for late night food, especially after a night out.
Shrimp balls
Huge Oysters
Many many other great dishes!!!!Wonderful hole in the wall Philadelphia Chinatown institution.I have been going to this place for many years with my friends Food is great and consistent.   Really a great place to go with a group and bring a lot of beer and wine.
Staff super friendly.  
Must try the salt baked shrimp ( or Squid).  Unlike any dish i have ever had.Came here with my friend because she said the hot and sour soup was really good including the fried pork dumplings! The place is small and comfortable. We ordered the dumpling and it was really good. The hot and sour soup not really, because the vinegar was overpowering everything. I had asked the waiter if I could get a new one, he apologized and brung out a new bowl. This time the soup is not overpowering but I still didn't like it. Black bean sauce was Good atleast.I won't go back, and suggest you not go there at all. The hot and sour soup was good, but the shrimp-chicken-scallop dish featured tough, dry scallops, chewy chicken and only a couple of shrimp.  AND, they charged $1 for a small bowl of rice; none was included with the entrée. The service was not at all gracious, like they were doing me a big favor allowing me to be their customer.  THEN: there's a sign inside ( nothing at the door) saying cash only because their credit card machine is broken. My bill was $18 with tax. I presented my credit card, and they said minimum $20 on cards. (Apparently the machine was only out of order at their discretion). When I suggested the card company would not approve of their policy, they processed the charge.   There are plenty of other choices in Philadelphia's Chinatown.How the mighty have fallen! I've had so many 5 star meals here; I didn't want to accept the reality of new management. These guys just lost the magic, and it has consistently deteriorated over the past couple of years since they changed over. 
Hot and sour soup was goopy and microwaved. The seafood in the salt baked platter tasted slightly turned. Pork chop in satay hot pot had a slightly sweet but rancid flavor. It's not atrocious, but the only thing keeping it above one star for me is the memory of greatness of this place and the still excellent dumplings. 
Time to find a new Chinese restaurant in Chinatown! Change is hard...Late night Chinese!  It seems other people like myself have made the direct journey from Hop Sing to the front door of this place.  I'm pretty sure we found this place thanks to Yelp too.  Anyway, considering one's needs at this hour, this place satisfies most of them.  The food is SO-LID and just what you need to go with your middle of the night revelations about life.  Twenty dollar minimum for credit cards.  There is also a TV.  Can this get any better?  Well it can but only by a little.  I tried the door to the women's room at least five times and it was locked.  I didn't see any women go in or come out, but this was not the time to ask questions because let's face it: it's 2 am, and the eggplant with garlic sauce isn't going to eat itself.This is one of our new favorite places!  So good - it simply reminded me of delicious, old fashioned, extremely flavorful Chinese food. 
The Hot and Sour Soup was wonderfully sour, they used a heavy hand with the vinegar.  The Cold Sesame Noodles were fluffy and tasty with thin slices of crunchy carrot mixed in and lettuce to cool the mouth on top, it was a big bowlful for just an appetizer.  
We love love, loooooooved the Dry Chicken in Black Bean Sauce - No Bone - it was lightly fried cut up chicken pieces that had a delicious sort of grilled taste served in a salty, spicy sauce with yummy little tidbits of scallion and beans.  We also got the Tofu in Garlic Sauce that was very good too - generous logs of tofu dressed in a sour, spicy, slightly sweet sauce.
It is small and a bit of a hole in the wall - clean enough but nothing fancy.  The service was fine. 
We even liked the fortune cookies - they weren't  those cardboard tasting ones served in cellophane wrap - these actually tasted good. Just writing this review is making me want to go there right now.20 years going to this and only this place in China Town. The worlds best dumplings. All my friends and family's favorite dishes are "better here than anywhere" without fail. 
It had been 2-3 years since our last visit and this could have been the best meal ever. Jason (our server) was awesome. A real ambassador for the legacy that is such a gem of the city.  I hate that this place is so far away from "home" - but always the priority stop on a trip near Philly.I'm by no means a food expert, but I have had my share of Chinese/Asian food. I was not impressed by the quality of this food. My favorite of the dishes we ordered was the tofu hot pot. If anything, get that. It's jam packed with flavor, and is very filling. We also ordered lo mein and a seafood dish. I didn't even try the lo mein, because I was told it was pretty much drenched in oil. Another turn off was the lack of cleanliness of this place. The white table cloths were very disheveled, with old food stain markings. I also noticed a mouse trap in the women's bathroom. The older reviews seemed to be very pleased that this place was open until very late. I guess I would've enjoyed this place a whole lot more after a night of drinking.While I was visiting Philadelphia for a conference, a local friend highly suggested this place and brought us here. Now, I'm from North Carolina & we don't have many restaurants that serve authentic Chinese food. Having said that, we have ONE that I've been to and thought it was sooo good. How naive was I?! 
Don't expect any sense of order or cleanliness. It is a very small and probably family-owned restaurant. Oh! And don't be afraid to ask for recommendations since the food titles are not very descriptive. I did, and I loved what our server/owner recommended for me. 
Shiao Lan Kung is not only authentic, but it's DELICIOUS. It was sooooooo good that even when my stomach was full and hurting, I was a happy, full lady. I wish there was one here in NC.  /:Went here for dinner at 9:54
Interior: Small place but clean. Maybe 10 tables at max.
Food: Food wasn't too bad. We ordered the salt baked squid since most people said it was good. It wasn't. We also ordered Yeung Chow Fried Rice (their Cha-Siu is REALLY bad. tastes plasticky), Black bean clams (not bad), Ong choi with Ha Jeung (not bad), Dow Miu (not bad), and their fried tofu with shrimp on top (also not bad). Food was okay...
Service: Pretty good. Kept calling my dad "Pretty Boy". That was kinda awkward
Overall: 3.5 stars.
No parking so walk.I have found my FAVORITE Chinese restaurant  From the time you enter Shiao Lan Kung until the time you leave, you feel as though you are a welcomed guest in someone's home. The staff is hard working and they cannot do enough to make sure everything is OK and that you are enjoying yourself.
The food is so different from other restaurants.  Nothing tastes like overused oil.  In fact, not one thing we ordered had grease of any kind.  The dumplings are outstanding, and the largest, most stuffed dumplings i have ever seen in my life.  I loved the salt baked triple---just perfect with a hint of salt and not overly crispy.  The string beans with fresh garlic were another hit. I also enjoyed the chicken with black bean sauce.  All 6 of the members in our group left very satisfied and raved about the restaurant. I definitely cannot wait to go back.We went out on a limb and ordered The Jellyfish and 1000 year old egg appetizer, as recommended by our Chinese friend Yue.  We even convinced our semi-vegetarian friend to overcome his fear of seafaring beasts and take a bite.  The jellyfish was presented as a refreshing, mild salad tossed with cabbage and sesame oil.  The 1000 year old eggs were actually quite edible (and interesting).  The tofu with spicy garlic sauce was excellent.  The pan fried Buddha noodles were forgettable.  Our Kung Pao chicken was tasty, but seemed undercooked.  The service was a bit slow, but the great atmosphere more than made up for it.  In closing, this is a great place to stop by for a meal, but is certainly not the best Chinese food in the city.oh where to begin....i love this place, it has served the best chinese food in philly ever since i can remember (have been going there for at least 15 years). service is always friendly (seriously), the food is always delicious and it is a great place to go with a group of people who really like chinese food (not the lemon chicken crowd). things that i have to order at least 300 times a year or else i die:
seafood beancurd soup (no mushrooms) add plenty of chili, a touch of soy or just a dab of vinegar and you're off!
pork with ginger and scallion
salt and pepper squid
soft shell crab
kan kung with shrimp paste
clams in black bean sauce
the massive seafood feast in a big ass bowl whose name i always forget...(any seafood here is delicious. no matter how odd it may sound, if you try it, you will like it)
i know i'm forgetting something i order, but it;s hiding behind other memories at the moment. and i know i don't like either their hot and sour soup or their wonton soup, but i can't remember which, but that is a small small small blemish on the joint. you won't be dissapointed there. trust.Ths Shiao still rocks. Not being a fan of MSG, this is the only place i trust that will prepare your dish without it if you ask. Soups are all good. Dumplings are off the hook as is the hunan beef.We stumbled upon this gem at 2:15am after consuming copious amounts of cocktails at Hop Sing Laundromat..... This was our saving grace to not having such an excruciating hangover.
We started with snow pea leaves, pan fried dumplings, and salt and pepper seafood -  All of which were fantastic.  We proceeded to have some other delicious things that I honestly cannot remember but know that there wasn't anything that we didn't enjoy!  
Good Food - BYOB - Open late :) :) :)I would totally try this place again for some Chinese take out!
My boyfriend got the Schezwan shrimp, it was so delicious! not as spicy as it claimed to be though. But just tremendous flavor and lots of ginger!  I got the Singapore rice noodle, only $8! it was very good. lots of fresh shrimp and the roast pork was very yummy!
we also got two spring rolls. they might be the best spring rolls ive had from a Chinese joint in philly.
Have to say though, after reading reviews of this place, it seemed everyone was saying "GET THE HOT AND SOUR SOUP".  We love hot and sour soup, so maybe we are just not used to it being made this way, maybe its the proper way for real hot and sour soup. But Shai Lan Kungs version of Hot and Sour Soup is just plain SOUR. REALLY SOUR. And there was way too much sesame oil, after eating a spoonful it was just sour and an after taste of sesame oil. Felt like oil was just left on my lips.
But do no let my judgment of the Hot and Sour Soup send you packing somewhere else.  We will DEFINITELY be coming back for the food! Just not the hot and sour soup.You would be hard pressed to find General Tso's chicken on this menu... definitely not a place for a romantic date, but if you're hungry and feel like chowing down some delicious food, this is the place in Chinatown. Somehow my meals here always pass by in a blur... a combination of the BYO beer/wine and the hot dishes that come out minutes after you order. Things to try: 
Salt and pepper baked seafood (scallops, squid, shrimp)
Pa Chien tofu pot (the previously mentioned "seafood feast in a big ass bowl" 
Satay tofu hot pot 
Sizzling beef platter 
Sauteed bean shoots 
I think they take reservations but I'm not sure how well they honor them...I came in with friends when it was a cold, windy day outside. As a result, I guess, business wasn't doing well. We were the only customers. This may means two things: quick service and not-so-fresh ingredients. I'm not sure that's relevant, but that may have something to do with how the food was that night. 
The food was inexpensive. Great!
Quality, meh. Eggplant with Garlic, vegetable noodles, mabo tofu. They weren't bad by any means, but nothing too delicious. The sauces were too viscous. This is a solid place, but I wouldn't be a regular. Another chance in the future, maybe.My favorite restaurant in Chinatown, maybe because I grew up coming here. 
Some of my fav dishes: jellyfish, salt pepper shrimp, seafood birds nest, fried chicken, sizzling beef 
Also the oysters are a MUST try. They are ginormous and perfectly cooked with soy sauce, ginger and scallion. Very affordable.Best Restaurant in China Town, location is small but very warming, awesome staff, excellent cook, if you love oysters, their the best here and the fish maw soup is delicious, this is the only restaurant in Chinatown I'll always visit, you will never be disappointed in their food... It's a must if your ever in Philly china town!!Should of read the reviews about this place before going last Saturday night.  This used to be our favorite restaurant.  Last time we were there was at least 15 years ago.  Was about 8:30 pm on a Saturday night and only two tables had customers, that were not Asian.  That's the sign for any Chinese restaurant in a Chinatown that means BEWARE!  First thing,  carpet was really stained with trash all over and under the tables.  2nd, three young ABC young guys that acted like they didn't want to be the one to have to be our server (we're Asian).  3rd, we went to the back table and one guy spoke up and said that it was reserved.  Well,  our favorite was the salt and pepper squid.  That's what we came for. One of the boys came over and we ordered in Cantonese and he quickly ran into the kitchen and I guess called some older woman to come out and take our order.  My husband asked if anyone of the boys spoke any Chinese and she replied " they do ". Then he asked why they didn't take our order and she didn't answer.  Anyway ordered the squid and black peppered sizzling beef ribs.  Meanwhile there was one young teenage girl playing computer games at the table near the register,  and the waiters were just sitting down talking to each other.  A couple more groups of all not Asian people came in and were greeted and promptly seated and then a white couple came in and sat themselves in the back table we were going to sit at but told we couldn't.  The same boy said it was reserved when all of a sudden the girl just shouted out "let them sit there" without even taking her eyes off the computer.  We get our food. Squid was totally different. The beef was ok.  So,  the food was okay.  You could probably get the same at any of the restaurants in Chinatown.  And yes, they charge 2.00$ for a large white rice that they automatically bring out without you asking or them asking you if you want any.  They repeatedly refilled every tables cup of water multiple times automatically,  NEVER once came to our table after the food was brought out.  Refilled the table in front and behind us like we were invisible,  I guess it's because we were Asian.  Ironic right?BUT when we finished eating one of the waiters showed up instantly and asked if we were ready for the check and then asked "oh,  do you want more water?"  Yeah right.  Just give us the bill.  Forgot to mention,  the whole time the older woman that took our order was speaking to the two waiters and the girl in Cantonese.  That's what's wrong with a lot of the ABC in the USA now.  They think they are not Asian.  They're rude to other Asians but nice to every other race.  Go figure, do they look in the mirror or realize that they are in a Chinese restaurant in a Chinatown?  I am an American born Japanese and my husband immigrated from HK more than 30 years ago.  I'm embarrassed for them,  how so many people have also noticed how rude they are to their customers and posted about it.  It totally ruined my evening after that.  Scroll down to the reviews not recommended. They probably paid yelp to hide them.  Yelp does this if you buy ads from themCame out to dinner here over the weekend for a birthday celebration with some friends and it was the most fun I've had all year! We got there around 8:30 for the late dinner crowd and started off dinner with the place to ourselves. 
There were a lot of us out, and we were being very loud playing table games while eating and drinking, and the staff was fantastic! There were cheering us on, and in full support of our Drunkin Fun! 
Will definitely come back out here next time someone's hungry for Spicy shrimp and a good time.Came here after poets in autumn at 11:30 pm with my sisters and brother inlaw and we sat down and enjoyed some great food! We will be back. Customer service was great and all the recommendations from staff were excellent.  Thank you!  We loved the cute older women with the glasses :-)Absolute best salt baked squid in Chinatown. This place is small, but it's okay because well, you suck. I win. The end.I have no idea what happened to this place. It used to be a terrific, if overly MSG'd restaurant. I think that there are new owners. the food was overly greasy, under seasoned and gross. At least I have an MSG headache. We all feel sick.We are visiting from California and use Yelp all the time.  It has never steered us wrong - until now.  Plain and simple it was not good.
We grew up in the suburbs and would go to Chinatown several times a year.  It was something special that we all enjoyed.  Occasionally you would get a bad dish but so what.  You could count on every restaurant getting the americanized basics right (wonton soup, fried rice, egg rolls).  I regret to say this place did not.
The sweet and sour soup was thick but just not tasty at all.  This was the first time in my life I had not finished a bowl of soup at a Chinese restaurant.  My sister got the won ton soup and did not finish it either.
My wife and I shared the kung pao shrimp which was devoid of taste.  I had never eaten something so colorful with so little flavor. My experience with kung pao dishes is that they are spicy.  No luck here.  I hoped this was just one bad dish.  To my chagrin, sampling the other entrees did not help.
My sister liked the shrimp in lobster sauce.  My wife and I did not.  The shrimp was mushy.  I think my sister was just happy to have a rare day away from home.  She would have raved about cold lumpy oatmeal which is what the lobster sauce resembled.
My son liked his General Tso tofu dish.  My daughter ate it later as leftovers and also liked it.  They are both strict vegetarians.  So they are used to eating tasteless food and pretending to like it.  And my daughter was starved because her flight was 3 hours late due to weather.  She also had very low standards because "belly hungry!".
Maybe we angered the staff which may explain the poor food.  Our party of five arrived in two stages 30 minutes apart (due to the airport fiasco).  The coup de grace was when my mother-in-law threw up at the table.  I can't blame the food since I ate the same uninspired chicken fried rice she did and felt fine.  In retrospect it was good timing as it prevented us from picking through this awful food.  To my amazement, my wife had the staff pack up the remains which we later served to my starving daughter.  So much for "our parents of the year" award - again.
Oh, but the tea was pretty good.
We will go back to Chinatown - just not this place.My experience of the food here has always been pretty good - I would say a solid three or four stars. However, even compared to the other nearby places in Chinatown, the hygiene is so bad that I cannot return. (I did return, many times, until finally I had had enough such experiences.) On one occasion friends of mine that had finished a meal there with me took home their leftovers in a paper bag, and on returning home, opened the bag to have three large cockroaches immediately escape from it into their apartment. On at least four other occasions, myself or my friends have suffered short-term stomach illness from the food here in the hours immediately after eating. So although the food is honestly very good, and I would often like to return, I can no longer find anyone to go with me to risk those statistics.Fun and tasty!  We made a reservation for 7 and were seated at the smaller of the two large tables, but they offered to let us move to the biggest large table as it was not occupied-- awesome! It was a good thing too, because three more friends wandered in to join us for tea and wine only.  SLK didn't care about the fluctuating size of our group and were incredibly accommodating.
Food was delicious.  Best dishes were ma po tofu (husband dubbed it, "tofu that will change your life"), lychee duck, clams in black bean sauce, singapore rice noodles, and the salt-baked "triple" (squid, shrimp, scallops).  Even those professing a lack of interest in squid and scallops loved the salt-baked incarnations.  Good but not as amazing were dragon and phonenix nest, eggplant in spicy garlic sauce (should have gone for the hot pot, I suppose?), and chinese broccoli in oyster sauce.  We hung out for quite a while over our glasses of wine after we were done stuffing our faces-- no pressure on us to skedaddle. Very inexpensive for such a fantastic and laid-back meal!Stop by for a low-key dinner. Prepare to bump elbows with other patrons if you stop by here during prime meal hours and don't be shocked by the *quaint feel of the restaurant. Bring a bottle of wine or other booze of choice and order the Chicken Corn/Egg Soup, Salt Baked Seafood, Sizzling Beef Pepper Steak and Veggie of the day (usually they're similar to spinach) fried with Garlic. Sharing is caring so eat family style. They'll give you a big bowl of white rice and some water glasses for your wine. They're classy, what can I say? Food service is a bit slow and feels even slower if you're hungry. Other than that the service is good and the check will make your wallet as happy as your tummy.
*And by quaint, I mean dirty.If you want real authentic traditional Chinese food, this is the real place to be. There's a lot of places in Chinatown that offers Chinese food but what they don't tell is that some cater to her American audience and some still to their roots. This place stays with their origins and it's delicious. A huge thumbs up.I would say that the food is actually good here, but i was shocked when ordering takeout ($90 worth) that there was literally no rice included.  I am posting this because i am almost 40, and i have never seen chinese takeout that did not come with rice. There are probably equivalent places in Chinatown that will not nickel and dime you like this. Try somewhere else.I ordered take out and the food was delicious! I ordered beef chow fun and it was the best I've ever had. I,also, picked up some hot and sour soup and according to my father it was very tasty. For my take out purposes it was great. The restaurant does not have the best ambiance. It would not be a place I'd take my co-workers or out of town guests. But it's a great place for some good Chinese food!FYI: They are CASH ONLY 
Believe it or not, I've only been to this place two times, but they don't disappoint.
PROS: Their food is honestly pretty authentic. I mean I had my doubts walking in, considering their questionable interior design choices, but it definitely has my stamp of approval. Like most people who come here, I recommend getting the salt baked squid. It's a must have and probably their most popular dish. Don't let the name fool you, seriously. It's so freakin good. Eat it with some rice and throw in a order of bok choy or Chinese broccoli and you're good to go. The black bean chicken is also extremely good if seafood isn't your thing. Nice strong black bean flavor that's not too overpowering. Service was also fast. We ordered, ate, and paid all under an hour. Friendly people, good food, I'll definitely be back.
CONS: Well, the fact that they're cash only is a bit inconvenient but aside from that, there's really nothing negative to say.Tried couple dishes, they were either completely unauthentic or downright nasty tasting. They also charged for cheap low-grade rice no matter what was ordered, quite uncommon in Chinatown. Take all the praises with a grain of salt, just like you would with online product reviews. Personally I'd just avoid this place since you can easily do better in Chinatown. If you must or feel adventurous, start with just a dish and see how that works out for you. Best luck!3.5
Figured I'd pop into Shiao Lan Kung at around 5:30 yesterday to beat the rush.  Calculated wrong.  Two large circular tables taken up by an incredibly drunken family, all of whom seemed to be celebrating the fact of their unemployment.  They'd clearly taken BYOB to heart: I counted a sixer of Miller Lite; a sixer of Heineken; a sixer of Yuengling Light; a bottle of red wine, a bottle of rose, two tallboys of Budweiser; and a soft-sided cooler full of Coors Light.  At one point, things got a little testy, as two of the hammier louts got into a semi-screaming match about who knew less about the mechanics of television sets.
Despite the great, rousing atmospherics, I don't think Shiao Lan Kung is the best Chinese restaurant in the USA.  It's probably more reasonable to say that it's likely in the upper echelon of Philadelphia spots.  The menu is a good mix of Americanized and grittier, so timorous dining companions won't feel ill at ease (evidenced by the screaming party, who asked for, and received from the solicitous staff, a "huge" platter of egg rolls).
The salt baked stuff is pretty good.  I'm sure the way to go is to order seafood, since the lion's share of the menu is given over to it.  If I go back, I suppose I'll give the frog hot pot a whirl, just to see what's what.  But I don't imagine making Shiao Lan Kung a destination in the near future.  Unless, of course, I hear that the Drunko family of tables 8 and 9 will be making a return engagement.We have been to this place at least a dozen times. It was always excellent. However, the last two times, it appears that ownership has changed hands (everyone there are new faces) and so has the food.
We always get the salt baked shrimp and the dish has gotten smaller as have the shrimp. The hot and sour soup was the best and now is just OK and the General Tso's is not suited for even a private, let alone a general.
Even the spare ribs, which were the BEST are now greasy, boney and fatty. "Where's the meat?"
It is hard to find excellent Chinese food in a pleasing environment, which this place now doesn't offer either. I suggest Sang Kee or Lee How Fuk for a better experience.
They lost a loyal customer.Never order Chinese food (chicken with garlic sauce) and had to pay extra to get rice with it. Also no vegetables added in dish. Just chicken in garlic sauce for $14.00. Disappointed.  Who eat just chicken on plate with no rice, no vegetables. Did not like. No wonder few customers in here. Waiter stated I should have ask for vegs in dish...who knew you prepare dish without????? Lousy.Decent little after-hours spot. I had ordered the 4 Seasons and watercress, but they always seems to run dry out of watercress both times I visited! I wasn't too happy with their fish maw soup either, but I do like their food better than the other Chinese restaurants around Chinatown that's open late.Such great service!!! Brought in a cake for a friend's birthday and they were so nice in serving it to us. 
All the food was great as well, especially the salt baked squid. There were some really spicy peppers in it though, so be careful!This hole in the wall place is a diamond in the rough. I love love love this place! Even though i was disappointed many times in the past because of their weird hours (open late and stay open until late) they are never disappointing with taste! My must have is the sweet and spicy shrimp. I donno any other Chinese restaurant that does it this way. Their black bean sauce was spot on taste! over chicken.An average Chinese BYOB restaurant. The price was acceptable. Service was friendly.
We were a group of 3 friends but the food did not arrive in time that we could eat together. I had already my meal and it took 5-10 minutes until I received the rice.Had dinner last Sat night and the place was packed like sardines.  My first impression was that it didn't feel very sanitary but I don't expect any sort of spic and span atmosphere in any establishment in Chinatown.  But I was willing to overlook it b/c my fellow diners had said their salted squid was good.  And indeed it was, it rivaled the ones in other similar dives in NYC Chinatown.  Also enjoyed their garlic eggplant in hotpot.  I could've eaten that whole bowl myself.  The other dish worth mentioning was their shrimp with spicy black bean sauce.  Although the sauce itself was a bit slimy (perhaps too much corn starch) and I do love anything with black beans, their shrimp was jumbo.  This was a pleasant surprise b/c I loathe when restaurants try to skimp on shrimp and serve the really, well, shrimpy sized kind.  No pun intended.
The idea of one cockroach spotted by other people is enough for me to only get take out from now on and not have sit down service.  Shudder.Best Chinese Restaurant in USA!
Start your night with:
Seafood with corn soup. ( add little vinegar and hot chili oil) Yummy!
Salt bake shrimp, scallop and squid.
Sauteed snow pea leaves with garlic.
Clam with minced meat.
Cleanse your palate with tsintao!
Good Eats!I've been eating here since my college days... they have the absolute BEST salt baked squid... and since I know they're not open late night anymore it makes me sad for myself but good for them because they must've made so much $$ that they can afford not to be open super late since their food is bangin. I will still go though...  gotta get my fix.Located on Race Street, Shiao Lan Kung is a relatively small restaurant, yet has some of the best Chinese cuisine you can get at Chinatown. I have been to this restaurant a few times already, and most of the time, this restaurant has not really dissatisfied me with the food that is offered. 
Inexpensive, quick, and friendly staff.  
First, the salt baked squid is really good. Hands down. 
Got the pan fried pork dumplings. 
Great appetizer, love both the texture and sauce that both had which made it tasty overall. 
Also got the Pan Fried Noodles with Seafood
Not bad, although the fish cakes and scallops tasted a bit fishy & not cooked thoroughly. 
Finally, got the Chicken and Eggplant hot pot. 
This dish was really good, but i didn't expect the sauce used in this dish to be sweet. Usually from other prior restaurants, this dish usually is not sweet. 
Overall, Shiao Lan Kung is one of my favorite restaurants in Chinatown that I recommend everyone should try at least once.place was OK but I have had better.  standard green tea for the table, fried dumplings was a huge plate and they were tastey.  the egg roll was different than most places but I didn't jive with me (to many veggies in it).  I got the triple delight; the sauce was good, chicken was good but there were only one or two shrimps, and the few scallops in the dish were terrible.
averages out to be an OK place, but with so many options in the immediate area, I would not go backI've been here a couple of times, most recently with my girlfriend last night for dinner. She's a huge fan of the place - says it's the best Chinese food in Philly Chinatown, and having been there a couple of times I'm inclined to agree it's definitely one of the best. It's not the biggest restaurant in town, so you may have to share one of the bigger tables with other people or wait for a spot to open up if it's crowded. Luckily, I've gotten a seat right away, and the waiters are very good at bringing out the food promptly as it's ready and making sure you have tea and water handy. I'm a fan of that, because a good number of Chinese restaurants I go don't bother with the water unless requested.
The sauteed clams in black bean sauce are very, very delicious. The sauce adds a very nice marinade to the clams, and it works well to eat them with rice. Last night, for some reason, they didn't do it in black bean sauce and instead altered the dish, unrequested, by adding very ground-up pork. It was okay, but the sauce really brings out the flavor in the clams. The other problem was that some of the shells chipped, and I ended up getting chunks of the shell in with the pork. The fish maw soup is also really good; it's a light way to start off a meal without filling you up. The dumplings are decent, if not memorable, but their lobster is extremely delicious. It's the first time, surprisingly enough, that I've gotten lobster to eat as a standalone entree, and was it good. It was very fresh and succulent, and my only complaint is that we didn't get a bigger lobster!
All in all, this is a nice little spot to grab a meal, and as noted the service is pretty good compared to other Chinese restaurants I've been to in the past. The clams are a must-try, and they seem to do seafood in general quite well.Best Asain Food in Chinatown hands down!!! This is my favorite place and their salt-baked triple is super delicious. The salt-baked tofu is a great vegan option and I love their snow pea leaves. Make sure you get some hot chili oil on the side if you like spicy food.If you asked me about Shiao Lan Kung about 5 years ago....I would have hands down said this place was a 5 and was THE BEST Chinese Restaurant in Philly.......but since there has been a new owner and dishes have changed it's not the same restaurant that I have been eating at since I was 10 years old. 
First thing to order...get that hot and sour soup! This still tastes the same so they must have kept that secret recipe!! It's pretty sour and my family LOVES that and we still will go here to this day to get it. Salt baked combination is delicious as well! The portions for this have decreased dramatically, but the flavor still remains pretty much the same. We used to order the pachen tofu seafood hot pot from here, but again, they have cut back on a lot of the ingredients and the portions are very small as well compared to the old times. While the taste for most of the dishes that I have always gotten remain the same, the portion size has shrunk significantly. 
The biggest difference other than the food is the service. I no longer feel at home here since almost everyone has been replaced. Now whenever I go there, it just feels like they are trying to get rid of us as soon as we sit down so they can give the table to other patrons that are waiting in line. 
Pros:
- Delicious dishes!! Just wish that they were bigger portion sizes like old times!
- Service is really quick! Dishes will be at your table within minutes of you ordering!
- Authentic Chinese recipes......lots of people order lo mein, but try something that's REAL Chinese food people!
Cons:
- The staff their could be more friendly...I always feel so rushed there the moment I sit down!! I know that they want to turn tables over quickly, but I think they can hide their impatience better
- Wish this restaurant could expand!! I've been saying this for years, but I guess this gives Shiao Lan Kung its charm...plus it feels awesome when you grab a table!!
- Groups larger than 5, expect to be squeezed into a table!!! You'll get to know your friends a lot better since your elbows are basically touching
Why I gave it a 4.....
This once was my favorite restaurant, but with the new ownership, I dislike how they try to rush you through the meal the moment that you sit down. The taste is still pretty much the same if you know what to order (stay away from that lo mein...this isn't a Chinese take-out place!) but you don't get that bang for your buck like old times :( But I still love you Shiao Lan Kung!My family and I ate here last month (January) and had a really nice time. I'm not sure why the most recent reviews have been so lousy, but I know that we had a nice time.
The service was good, the food was really yummy. The pan friend dumplings are a must! I had the Dragon and Phoenix Nest and was very satisfied. Although there was some strange vegetable thing in there, and it was in the shape of a clam shell. It was very odd but tasty. The shrimp in my dish were fresh and I thought the sauce was nice and light. My boyfriend thought the Lyche Duck was ok, but maybe a little too sweet. 
It's definitely BYO, so make sure you bring your favorite beverage!BEWARE: The manager will raise the price of your orders intentionally. I took my friend to Shiao Lan Kung after reading the good reviews on yelp. We ordered Pa-Chien Tofu In Hot Pot and Seafood platter with a large bowl of rice. The food was average at best. Once we got our receipt, we noticed that the Tofu Hot Pot price was raised from $11.50 to $12.50 and our large bowl of rice was raised from $2.00 to $3.50. I also noticed that other people's receipts that had ordered a large bowl of rice was charged $2.00. We were completely shocked and outraged. We will NOT come here again because of the shady business with average food; not worth being treated unfairly. If you're new to this restaurant, take down the price as the manager will mark up prices for new customers as they do not know the prices.
I would give this a 0 star if I could. Shady business and will intentionally cheat you out of your money.Went here off of Yelp reviews and wasn't disappointed!  It was semi-late on a Tuesday night...I was the only one in there for a few minutes and I felt perfectly comfortable.  The two workers were very friendly and helpful (I wanted to try something different, but I'm picky....they had no problem explaining a few items on the menu).   In the end, I had wonton soup and garlic chicken with veggies (....adventurous, right?).  Very fresh and delicious!  
I'd definitely go back. Service was excellent, food was good, and the price can't be beat.  They're closed on Monday nights, but open late every other night!Very nice people and good food. The wanton soup was great. Fresh chow fun and generals chicken. Ate it all. Will be coming back here againWent here on a Thursday night for take-out.  The place is small and was crowded with a gathering of Hong Kong Students Association members.  There's no waiting area, so I got moved around as they arranged the tables to accomodate the large crowd.  I ordered an egg roll and chicken and garlic sauce.  I specifically asked the waiter "very little oil" and "extra spicy".  The chicken was a bit rubbery, but the sauce was very good, but TOO OILY.  And it WASN'T SPICY.  The egg roll was kinda small and soft on the outside (I like it crispy), the mustard was extra hot, but too watery.  I'd go back and try something else.My #1 for Chinese in Philadelphia.  Everytime I must order the Salt Baked Tofu, Snow Pea Leaves with Garlic and Chinese Vegetable Soup but I love everything I try there.
Great place to take visitors to the city, especially if they don't have good Chinese Food where they live.
The negatives I live with?  It's not clean.  Tablecloths are dirty and once (only once) I saw a cockroach climbing the wall.
Since I still go there you can guess how good the food is.I got shrimp with broccoli, white rice, and pork fried dumplings... which were AMAZING by the way. I could have eaten the entire plate. Service was quick and everyone was very courteous. Definitely going back for more dumplings!!!Always love going here with my family. Their seafood birds nest is delicious. Service is great.Walking into this place you know that the reason why it stays open is b/c of the food.  No decorations really, just tables covered by white table cloths.  I had the sauteed clam in black bean sauce.  I could sit and slurp the sauce all night...I think I did actually.  I can't wait to come back and try more of their awesome food.Best food in Chinatown in my 30 years of frequenting the area. That said maybe there's something better out there, but I have yet to find it. Cozy, unassuming space and friendly service. Food is so fresh. Soups I've tried(almost all of them) are flavorful and chock full of what they are supposed to contain. Dumplings you ask? Best of the best, steamed or fried. Salt baked seafood is such an absolute incredible experience you won't mind the increase in blood pressure. Chinese sausage, any vegetable entree, congee, apps, all exceed expectations. Vast menu that you could never get through, yet even the more obscure items are fresh as a spring daisy. Love it, can't say enough. 6 stars.It is definitely the best Cantonese Style restaurant in Chinatown!
Everything there is really good, I love the the hot and sour soup. Wonton soup. Green beans in garlic sauce, Assorted tofu in hot pot, fried tofu with shrimp. The singapore rice noodles is amazing ( lot of restaurant make it oily but not this one!)
It is a small restaurant and usually the food doesn't come very soon. (the owner cooks the food himself) It is worth the wait !Cold sesame noodles and hot and sour soup were good. Ordered beef with snow peas and shrimp with cashews as our main. Shrimp were not deveined and beef dish was very bland. Extremely overpriced! They also charge extra if you pay by credit. Cmon now. We are in the 21st century. Everyone pays with credit card.Seafood is not as fresh by the end of the day. It's great to have a restaurant open til 2am but the quality of the food dramatically worsens. Fish and lobster are also quite expensive compared with other Chinese places (fish $20, lobster $26). Kong pao chicken is listed under chef's special but it certainly doesn't taste as delicious as a specialty dish should be.Second re-review for Shiao Lan Kung. Keeping it at 4 stars, as I think I have a good handle on what I like from the menu now.
Recently had an order with the following items for family: Steamed Dumplings, Hong Kong Wonton Soup, Chicken in Hot Bean Sauce (no bone), Salt Baked Jumbo Shrimp, and Orange Chicken.
Steamed Dumplings: FIlled with shredded pork; among my favorites places for steamed dumplings in Philly (I also recommend Lee How Fook and Sang Kee). Size is quite good and sauce is as I expected.
Hong Kong Wonton Soup: Merely good; wontons are quite small and filled with shrimp primarily; don't think there is any pork, which would add depth to the broth. Inclusion of Chinese broccoli is nice, and overall, isn't a bad option (prefer hot and sour soup, or regular wonton soup.)
Chicken in Hot Bean Sauce: Sauce is quite good and fairly spicy. Chicken taste is good but pieces are quite thin making texture a bit funny at first, but this dish grew on me. Ordered without bones, but might be better with them.
Salt Baked Jumbo Shrimp: Among the most iconic dishes here. Always tastes very good, but size is a tad bit small. Don't order it by itself. Flavor is among the best of any food in Chinatown though
Orange Chicken: Didn't try myself but relatives liked itBest rinky-dink chinese restaurant ever!
This place is a virtual hole in the wall... but I have been loving it and coming for over 10 years now.
The best thing about this place is that it is still small (only downside is waiting for a table in the restaurant.. - probably only has 8-10 tables)!
I've tried just about everything on the menu aside from the more exotic items..
My favorites are:
Dragon and Phoenix Nest 
chicken and shirmp tossed around in a wine sauce with veggies in a fried taro nest.
NEVER too greasy.. nice flavor
Salt Baked Squid
great texture - not overcooked so its not super chewy.
I would love to see it served with jalapeno spiked, vinegary soy sauce on the side though
Beef Chow Fun with Black Been Sauce
ok.. this dish is ridiculous good and great for those who are used to the Americanized Chinese cuisine
Giant Clam -
MmM so good, just try this tender, briney seafood dish
Choy Sum/Water Spinach with Garlic.
Just a good garlicky veggie dish.
They have added a few menu items over the past few years, but I swear I will get around to trying them soon!
GO.. wait in line.. try everything =)Best Chinese Restaurant in Philadelphia Chinatown. We go there almost every week. Food to order: salt baked seafood, hunan beef, fried tofu with stuffed shrimp, fish maw soup, fried dumpling, sweet and sour pork (not an ordinary Chinese take out), eggplant with garlic sauce. 
The place is not too big and usually is full on the weekend so if you bring party of 6 or more, please give additional time to wait for the table. They don't open for lunch but they open pass midnight on most days.It's small place but the foods and the service are great. All my kids liked the foods there
I took them for last year Father's Day. 
RecommendedI have eaten here for many years, I have recomended this place to many , many people. if the old man cooking in the picture in the front of the rest. given 3 stars by craig le ban ever ate the food they are serving now he would cry and turn in his grave shame on you. any chinese food in the city would blow yours away. no one is sader than me.Hands down the best salt baked squid I've found. Very fresh, great sized pieces, and never soggy. Also got the snow pea leaves which are delicious, and some kind of pork in red sauce that was excellent although difficult to eat with the bones. HIGHLY recommend as a seafood option!Honestly this place deserves all the credit. One they have some really nice people working. The boss lady and what seems to be her kids are always friendly and ALWAYS refilling my water. Secondly, their food is a good share portion! Their prices might be hefty at first but if you share with another person it's definitely worth it. Lastly, c'mon fam who else serves you some good ass food at the times they do? They're there for us in that time of need!!! 
I miss the old waiters Ricky and Jason though they were the best .Truth be told I was looking to go to David's down the street but it was PACKED. Was craving that Mapo Tofu that I had from there a while back but it was not to be. 
Decided to pop into Shiao Lan Kung since the reviews showed that it was pretty good. And it really wasn't that bad, it reminded me of eating at some HK auntie's place who's really not trying to impress you. The torn table cloths, broken sound system, broken credit card machine sign that's still up even though I see them accepting cards, its not exactly the best of decors and when a place that isn't exactly impressing you with the stuff around you, they usually make up for it in the stuff in front of you and this wasn't the case. 
The food while not bad is a bit underwhelming for being a downtown joint where their quality is about on par to a local takeout place and $2 bucks for rice just seems a little nickel and dimey. 
And please have some ambience going whether its music or something so I don't have to listen to the med students the next table over talking about bowels in this cozy 10 tabler, give or take.Although I think it's a cool neighborhood, I rarely stop in Chinatown for meals. On Saturday my good friend Callen and I were wondering around Philadelphia, and walked through Chinatown. The mid-autumn festival was in full swing, with street blocked off, traditional dances, and people everywhere. We figured now was as good of a time as any to grab dinner. I didn't have a single recommendation; I didn't even have an idea of what might be good. Luckily, we stumbled upon Shiao Lan Kung.
The front windows of this small eatery are almost completely obscured by reviews and awards. Philadelphia magazine, Craig LeBan, and Citysearch, among others, have been giving this spot props for over fifteen years. Despite the positive press, I was a bit skeptical. One inside, the interior has about as much atmosphere as a roadside diner.
Shiao only tries to impress with their food. We were quickly seated and offered hot tea. A quick look over the extensive menu and Callen and I were ready to order. We split orders of rice, hunan chicken, and the Phoenix and Dragon's nest. The pork fried rice was excellent; a great base for our other dishes. The Phoenix and Dragon dish was a mix of chicken and shrimp with snow peas, broccoli and carrots tossed in a light butter sauce. It was served in a hardened bowl of crunchy noodles (the nest) although they weren't really edible. The hunan chicken was the real hit of the meal. This dish was perfectly prepared and the hunan sauce was excellent.
Between the two of us, we couldn't finish our food. This is surprising, especially considering the bill was $20 each, after tip and tax. And, the food tasted great reheated. At the end of the meal, we were full and satisfied, but didn't feel gross. This is a hard feeling to find after a Chinese meal.
Bottom Line: Shiao Lan in a small operation, a bit shabby and quant, with friendly faces serving up delicious food. Callen and I really enjoyed ourselves, and want to make this a regular stop when he has the chance to visit Philadelphia. Most impressively, Craig LeBan gave it three bells. But I wanted to give my spin first. If you're not a vegetarian and you are looking for great Chinese food, Shiao Lan Kung is definitely worth a try. We didn't BYOB, but you can, making this small place even more versatile, and a great cheap and delicious option.This place was horrendous. There are so many good reviews here but I wonder if it's because they are all from late night after party people. Our soup was okay (hot and sour soup was downright bad (contained unidentifiable meat) and the wonton soup was nothing to write home about), but the real trouble started when the entrees arrived. General Tso's Chicken can only be described as disgusting. Either they are using the absolute lowest quality of chicken on earth (think slimy and chewy with a short of gluey texture) or that wasn't chicken. Same gross "chicken" in the Dragon and Phoenix Nest. That was another dish people recommended on Yelp and it's served in this awful hard shell that both looks unappetizing and tastes terrible. I was just really surprised at how bad this was given all the good reviews. Gross!!Solid and authentic Cantonese cuisine. Don't be bothered by the old decor. The chef in the kitchen has skills! All plates arrived super hot and maintained the right temperature after 20 minutes - the key to traditional southern Chinese cooking. We order a number of traditional dishes like hot pots and sautéed meat and veggies.We had reservations for 11 for Chinese New Year dinner. They serve good Cantonese food. The atmosphere and decor is pretty standard, nothing fancy. The service is good and quick. 
Their Cantonese food was great and not all that pricey. I recommend the Lobster in garlic sauce, Seasonal Greens (Always my favorite), Tofu Fish and Soups.
Stick to the Cantonese food. We tried a Sichuan dish Fish in Pepper Sauce and it was quite different from what it should be. The Peking Duck was average as well. Will return for the Cantonese food though! Happy Lunar New Year!I got the chicken with salted fish fried rice and snow pea leaves with garlic, and both were delicious! 
Totally worth sitting silently and alone in a mostly empty restaurant on a weeknight, would definitely do it again. The amount of food could have been easily split with another person, but that is assuming I have friends to eat with in Philly. I ate all the snow pea leaves (my favorite veggie - if you have never tried them before, definitely order a plate!) and about half of the fried rice (saved the rest for later).Update: Really good fried dumplings.Move over Vietnam, Shia Lan Kung is my new favorite restaurant in Chinatown!!
Not a date place, not a fancy place, and definitely not a pretentious place but, hands down, is one of the best places. This is great place for a small group of friends to get together with a few bottles of wine and a few rounds of salt baked seafood.
Sometimes there is a wait for a table so get there early or go later. BYO so bring your own vino. Every dish is good. Wide variety--lots of seafood dishes, meat dishes, vegetarian dishes but what we really love is the salt baked seafood. You might have to order two.
I can always pig out here but ironically, never ever feel full after leaving.
Divine!Very disappointed...We ordered take out from here. First, The portion of the entrees was super small. It barely covered the bottom of the container. It looked like that they just packed up someone else's leftovers. Secondly, the dishes lacked of favors. The two dishes we had tasted almost the same. Definitely not worth the time and money we spent.Just ok.  Low Mein tasted burnt.  However, the other dishes are probably good because everyone in their was from the neighborhood.Twenty-five of us were looking for a late night eatery, and a quick search on Yelp led us to this Chinatown restaurant. Initially, the server said over the phone that they are able to host a group of this size, but the interior turned out a lot smaller than we had envisioned. Upon entering, you will see a score of small tables tightly stacked together and two larger ones in the back. Seated elbow to elbow, we easily took over this hole in the wall for several hours on this very late evening.
Shrimp Wonton Soup ($15.75/4 people serving size): Great size of pork and shrimp wontons, perfectly thin wrapper, firm shrimp textures, and light tasting soup. One of the best wontons I have tasted. Plenty of wontons for four, but the price was way too high.
Seafood Tofu Hotpot ($13.50): The seafood was plump and juicy. Among the seafood, I enjoyed the large slices of fish filets and scallops. The fried tofu cubes were silky soft on each bite. This is my favorite dish of the night. I could sit there and eat the tofu all day. 
Chicken with Black Bean Sauce ($9.50) Great black bean stir-fry. Juicy and moist chicken. Great addition of onions and scallions to layer on top of the deepening black bean flavor. 
Shredded Chicken Black Bean Pan Fried Noodles ($8.50): The noodles were crisp and softened by the black bean stir-fry. The taste of the chicken was nicely integrated and flavorful. The same can be said about the House Pan-Fried Noodles with Shrimp, Chicken, and Beef ($14.50), as there was a good amount of toppings to go around, and the noodles were crisp and soft in all the right places. 
Beef with Scallion and Ginger ($10.50): The scallion and ginger stir-fry had good form to add to the tender and flavorful slices of beef. This was one of the highlights of the night.
Vegetarian Singapore Noodles with Tofu ($10.50): Nice curry flavor, and the noodles were fried to dry with good separation. However, I thought the additional $2 charge on the tofu was a rip off. Since we ordered so much food, I didn't like how they nickled and dimed us on this particular plate.
Beef Ho Fun ($9.50): The thick flat noodles were slippery and easy to separate. The beef again was tender and flavorful with good chew. This was another highlight for us.
Asparagus Chicken ($12.95): Nice thick and firm asparagus and the thick chicken slices were easy to bite into. They seemed to be able to bring out the flavors in simple dishes in complicated way.
Shrimp Fried Rice ($7.95): Wok fried rice with eggs, onions, and bean sprout. Nice texture coming from the onions and bean sprouts as the rice was airy and dried. The scrambled egg added a finesse element, and the wok fried flavor made it delicious.
Overall, the flavors on each dish were surprisingly tasty, had good form steeped in Cantonese traditions, nice wok fry wow factor, and tremendous food temperature. In addition to my complaints about the prices, each dish also came out one at a time, prompting those who ordered last to get their food when everyone else had already finished. Structurally, this was probably not the most ideal place for a group of our size. Given the number of competitions in the area, I would only return for late night small gatherings, and all food, no-frills experiences.Came last night after the wait at Tai Lake was over an hour long. Pretty quiet and the service was great. 
However, the food was very lackluster and the portions were not as generous compared to the other late night places in Chinatown. Probably explains the busy lines at Tai Lake. 
We ordered the lobster with ginger and scallion, the honey walnut shrimp, salt baked chicken wings, and some water spinach. Our total was about $82 and that is without any alcohol. 
The lobster taste fine however the portion was so small and had about 8 small pieces. The honey walnut shrimp has no sauce whatsoever and was basically just fried shrimp. The rest of the items were okay. 
Despite the food being just meh, I would say I am still impressed by the attentiveness of the wait staff. 
I would not go back and stick to my usual Tai Lake even with the long wait times.Open til 1:30AM on a Sunday! +10000000 points.
My friend swore by their pan-fried noodles and I had been craving them all day, so we came here. The beef pan-fried noodles were AMAZING. I've had them at Mai Lai Wah and Ting Wong, but these were definitely the best I've had. My friend ordered the shrimp pan-fried noodles and he said they were good, but they overdid the sauce.
We also ordered the deep-fried tofu topped with shrimp. I wasn't that big a fan.Fried Pork Dumplings!
Fried Pork Dumplings!
Fried Pork Dumplings!
This is the place for the BEST Fried Pork Dumplings! They are exquisite. The order comes with 8 and are under $10. I often come just to have an order to myself as they are so crispy yet hot overly greasy and will definitely fill you up. I'm also a big fan of their Hot and Sour Soup as it comes with large chunks of tofu and they add chicken into it. It's so fresh and yummy. Another big ready why I love to eat here is it's clearly a family owned and ran restaurant and you really get that vibe when you are sitting here. My friends and I often come here and we have yet to have anything bay that we did like.Just wanted to update some info on pricing and add a few more dishes...Going to leave paragraph below basically as is.
Really about a 3.5, but going to put in a 4...Good late night option (along with David's Mai Lai Wah, Sang Kee, and a few other places in Chinatown). Ambiance leaves some to be desired, although by Chinatown standards, it isn't terrible. Very old school Cantonese joint, so make sure you know what you are getting into. Time has passed it by to some extent, but I still think some of the food is outstanding. Will just list some recommended dishes here that I have had and like or have heard from others as being especially good...I have not tried anywhere near all of these myself but have tried many,and have had from friends about the others (or seen them order it and like it, etc.). Warning long!
Soups: Pork Dumpling ($6.50-extra large only), Hong Kong Wonton (Shrimp and Pork; $6.50-extra large only), Roast Pork Wonton ($1.95 for small; $3.75 for large), Egg Drop Soup ($1.95 for small; $3.75 for large), Chinese Vegetable ($1.95 for small; $3.75 for large), Hot and Sour Soup ($2.95 for small; $5.90 for large), Seafood Fish Maw Soup ($10.95-extra large only)
Appetizers: Egg Roll (shrimp and pork; $1.60), Shanghai Spring Roll (shrimp and cabbage; $1.60), Fried Wonton (pork; $5.50), Steamed Dumplings (pork, 8 pieces; $6)
Poultry: Chicken with hot bean sauce (bone in or bone out; $10.50), Chicken with eggplant in spicy garlic sauce ($10.95), Sweet and Sour Chicken ($10.95), Chicken with Mixed Vegetables ($10.50), Shredded Chicken with Hot Peppers ($10.50), Wor Siu Duck ($12.95); whole Peking Duck (order in advance, $33.50),Lemon Chicken ($10.50)
Pork: Spicy Shredded Pork with Hot Pepper ($9.95), Deep Fried Pork Intestine ($11.50)
Seafood: Shrimp with Snow Peas ($11.95), Sweet and Spicy Shrimp ($12.95), Salt Baked Jumbo Shrimp ($12.95), Salt Baked Whole Shrimp ($12.95), Szechuan Style Squid ($11.50), Salt Baked Squid ($11.50), Salt Baked Soft Shell Crab ($15.95), Salt Baked Mixed Seafood ($16.95), Lobster with Ginger and Scallion (m.p.)
Beef: Hunan Style Beef ($11.50), Sizzling Beef ($13.95), Beef in Hot Bean Sauce ($11.95), Orange Beef ($11.50)
Vegetarian: Snow Pea Leaves ($11), Baby Bok Choy ($8), Dry Sauteed Strong Beans ($8.50), Eggplant in Spicy Garlic Sauce ($8.50), Spinach with Garlic ($8.50),  Bean Curd in Spicy Garlic Sauce ($7.95), General Tso Bean Curd ($8.50), Ma Po Bean Curd ($8.50, with or without meat)
Noodles: House Pan Fried Rice Noodle ($12.50), Chicken Pan Fried Noodles ($8.50), Beef Pan Fried Noodles ($8.50), Singapore Rice Noodle ($8.50 for vegetarian or with mixed meat), Beef Chow Fun ($9.50), Pork Lo Mein ($8.50)
Fried rice: Chicken ($4 for small; $6.95 for large), Roast Pork ($4 for small; $6.95 for large), Fisherman ($11.50-large only)
Congee: Pork with Preserved Duck Egg ($5.50)
Chef's Speciality: Pa-Chien Tofu ($11.95), Kung Po Chicken ($10.95), Lucky Family ($11.50), Lychee Duck ($13.95), Dragon and Phoenix Nest ($15.50), Szechuan Style Shrimp  ($12.95)