Always amazing. Menu changes. Most delicious tomato soup w grilled cheese croutons, the most amazing asparagus Parmesan truffle soup you will ever meet, life changing huevos rancheros, and many hard to choose from brunch options. Lunch and dinner are also deserve high fives. Retro diner set-up inside and eclectic and colorful backyard seating.Very cool spot and unique spot in philly. It's got the diner look to it but the walls on the outside have very unique painted art on it which gives it character. The outside of the restaurant is so unique that we did engagement photos there. There's very nice outdoor seating in the back that feels like you're in a garden with all the trees around but also provides some much needed shade in the hot summer months. During the day it's a restaurant - with GREAT food and at night the other side turns into a nightclub with fantastic music.
Food & Drinks - Thai chili wings are a must order every time we come here. Even if it is for brunch, we always order these wings. Blood Mary's are strong with a slight kick. All other brunch items we've had over the years were also great. We came here a lot over the years we lived in philly and never had a bad meal.
Night club - awesome dance music. I used to have a blast here and leave with sore feet from all the dancing.I have to be completely honest.  I had the french toast and it was really good UNTIL I found a bright orange food label (those cheap price stickers you see at a farmer's market) on a piece of the sliced fruit and hidden under some whipped cream.  At that point I was done with the meal.  The waitress apologized and just took the food away, didn't offer to replace the food or make something else.  She came back about 10 minutes later to ask my girlfriend if she was done with her meal and if we wanted dessert or anything else, no mention of the foreign item found in the french toast.  We just asked for the check.  When she delivered the check she informed us that french toast had been taken off of the bill (obviously).  Then the manager came over and made situation even worse.  My girlfriend and I had just come from the Punk Rock Flea Market so we both had pink wrist bracelets on.  The manager again told us that the french toast was taken off of the bill and said that it was a pink piece of a bracelet (like the one I was wearing) that was in the food.  He was insinuating that I either accidentally or purposefully put a piece of my bracelet into my own food.  I told him that he was wrong, there was a very distinct difference between the bright pink bracelet I was wearing and the bright orange label with a price inked on it, that I found.  He said, "No, I'll show you, I have the label right over here."  He came back with a very shamed look on his face when he realized that I was right and said, "Oh, it seems to be a label, someone told me it was a wristband.  Anyway, we took care of it for you."  Still never apologizing and still acting like he was doing me a favor.  I was very disgusted with the customer service more than anything.  In any other case I'd expect the waitress and especially the manager to not only do everything they could to replace the meal or offer something as a substitute, but not argue or bring conflict in the middle of the establishment.  My experience was that the staff was very unprofessional.  Just because the diner is trying to set itself apart as being "hip" and "eccentric" doesn't mean the service should be anything less than professional and courteous towards their customers.Dance floor is a blast, drinks are good, and all over a lot of fun. It's usually pretty crowded, but it's still a good time.What else can you ask for in a place... diner, out door seating and dance club all in one. 
I went on this past Saturday night, not expecting too much because of the holiday weekend. At 10:30 it was pretty dead, but I wanted to get there before they started charging cover.  My friends and I went to the bar/club side, only a few people scattered around. Then we decided to head over to the other side to get something to eat. Pretty nice space we opted for the out door area since it was so nice out. Definitely more crowded than the other side.
They have $2 high lifes that my friends took advantage of. I stuck with the food again. Some plain old wings and fries. Not to shabby. The wings were very well cooked, the meat fell right off the bone, you didn't need to fight with it to get the meat off. 
After the little snack we decided to go back to the dancing. The place filled up. And people were all over the dance floor, had a bit more life than when we first walked in. 
Next time I stop in I'll have to try the breakfast.Currently dancing my labor day wkend awayyyy! Hey silk cityStrictly A Brunch Review !
I would venture to say that I have eaten brunch at damn near every place in or around no-libs... and this place has emerged as my favorite.  I had a former favorite that I will not name, but we go here everytime we want brunch now.  They have awesome specials, and a great menu otherwise.
The lounge may smell like old booze early in the AM, but suck it up and enjoy the food.Name me a SINGLE other restaurant where you can get steak and eggs with grated truffles, truffle vinaigrette for $14.
I'm still waiting...I love this place, where else in Philly can you dance your butt off and then eat pancakes? 
The music is always fun, the drinks are ok, ... the pancakes are ok too.Recently went back to Silk City for some late night munching. This time I was not tipsy and still thoroughly enjoyed the food and drinks! I'd recommend the burgers and calamari appetizer.Solid beer selection
Good service
Atmosphere outside is perfectly chill
Food is hit or miss, when the basics (burgers) are sub par I'm hesitant to go for good again.I need to flash back to 2002 for my first Silk City experience....
A freshman in college out in the burbs, I jumped at the opportunity to go into the "big city" with a friend who had a car (score!).  I put on my finest 5-7-9 tube top, along with some facial body glitter and my mini butterfly hair clips and we were off!  
Although a night of awkwardly dancing to R. Kelly's "Ignition" while confined to the "under 21" section of the club was fun, the highlight of that big night was heading to Silk City afterwards. 
Flashforward to 2012, I exchanged the tube top for a cardigan, the facial glitter for muted earth tone makeup, and the mini butterfly hair clips for... well, those were just in the trash.  My husband had seen the Diners Drive-Ins and Dives episode there and had been dying to try it.  We were in the neighborhood so we said why not.
My pastrami reuben was delicious, but definitely not something I couldn't get elsewhere.  I really, really liked the fries, but I think if they added a homemade fry dipping sauce (like the one at Royal Tavern) it would push it over the edge.  The place was pretty packed when the kitchen opened at 5 pm- I was actually surprised how many people were there right when they opened.
Just a note- on Saturdays, the bar opens at 4 but the kitchen doesn't open until 5.  We got there at 4:15 and found this out.  They will let you hang out and drink before the ktichen opens, but just something to keep in mind before you visit.Totally reliable brunch spot on the verge of Spring Garden and by Northern Liberties. Summer is the best, their patio is amazing.  
They have grey brunch specials- the Huevos are my favorite! Try a Bloody Maria with it!
The grits are also delicious. 
Line to get seated can be pretty long on the weekend, so go early or post brunch rush.  
Service is ok- it can take a while for a server to come back to your table. Oh, and bring ID if you plan to drink. Even if you look 50 you'll be asked to show ID. 
All in all one of my favorite spots in my area to grab a bite to eat.Great night spot!!! I went here for my friends birthday and was so excited about it!! I have been driving past it since moving to this city and always wondered about this eccentric looking spot. I never knew what it was from the outside. We got here around 10pm (directly from dinner) and the place had a decent amount of people but not so many that makes you frustrated. The music was awesome when we got there- throwbacks and some good hip hop. We ordered drinks but I was not happy.  I ordered a Malibu bay breeze and though the drinks were reasonably priced (especially for the location) the actual drink was not well done. It's a sweet drink but this was super sweet (even for me!) my friends ordered drinks and they weren't too happy either. As the night went on the music (in my opinion) got worse, not better. By the time I decided to leave because I couldn't stand the crowd, the music was overplayed stuff from 3-6 years ago.  It was overcrowded and I think fairly overrated. Sorry silk city, the drinks and the music were just average. Nothing to go out of my way for again, especially if I have to pay $5.Don't get me wrong I love dancing here but the diner didn't really live up to my expectations! The calamari was good but a lil chewy,our drinks took a lil while I guess because it was crowded. I also noticed the drinks on the diner side are cheaper. Our waitress was drunk we saw her spill our drinks a couple of times but she was ok for the most part. Our food came quick & it was hot so that was good their asain wings are good! My friend got the porkbelly empanadas she wasn't impressed because they gave her 2 she was drunk tho & starving! I told her it was an appetizer but she wasn't going for that,lol! & she said the crust on them was 2 thick. I would return for the wings but ask for them 2 go!This is my fave place to dance! The diner (milk shakes=yum!) and beer garden are cool, I'm sure, but I never leave the dance floor long enough to find out (truthfully, I haven't been to the beer garden portion yet). 
This place used to be cash-only but I think it accepts cards now, and since they upgraded the bathrooms, sweating my ass off is the only thing I have to worry about (wish they'd crank the AC though!). 
The DJ's always pump out great, uninterrupted music (a rare thing, apparently) and everyone seems to have a great time, every time. As always, I recommend coming early to get adequate space on the dance floor and (as my hubby says) "make yourselves big" before it gets packed!!For the record, I have never eaten at the diner. This a review of the lounge. I'm not sure how I feel about the "new" Silk City. I don't want to rush to condemn the place compared to how it used to be, since I have only been there once under the new ownership. Its no longer has the dive bar feel it used to, which in some ways is a good thing (the bathrooms were spotless). They got rid of the stage and there is a doorway there now leading into the diner. I agree with some recent reviews that say the crowd was mixed. The old Silk City was just so fun and so bad ass. I used to go there and dance, drink, bump into people I know, and then have new music and fashion ideas for months afterward. Totally 5 star worthy. The jury is still out on the new place.I remember when I used to come here for all of their insane dance nights pre-Barbary. Those were a magical time, but, for me, it was the past. 
Fast forward to today and I still enjoy Silk City for different reasons: their bangin' brunch. I really believe that if Silk hadn't have stepped up their food menu and brought their brunch game, they could have faded away quickly. I know Silk is still a popular place to go, but other than their food I haven't really been impressed with their nightlife schedule lately.
On my most recent trip here, I got a pretty decent sized mimosa (a little pricey but whatevs...it's brunch), quick service, and a meal that wasn't too small or too big. The menu has lots of choices and it's one of those menus where you want everything no matter what type of food you had been craving all morning. Everything reads so delicious! I got an omelet with feta and asparagus. Perfect size. 
Only thing I would suggest is if you don't mind waiting a little, opt for a seat in the dining car, not in the lounge. Even during the day, the lounge can be a little dark. Can't wait until warmer weather when I can brunch in their backyard!Surprising!  It does not look like much from the outside. But ,  Fun upbeat atmosphere inside, the food was very good. drinks from the bar and service (Zachary) was great!  
They are open everyday for brunch!  I will have to come back for dinner too! 
I recommend this neighborhood restaurant. Enjoy!Stopped here to grab lunch. I had never had a shrimp burger but gave it a try. It was pretty good. The sauce that they put on it went perfectly. We loved the homemade fries and the baked macaroni and cheese too. Prices aren't too bad. Parking is my only complaint since I'm not use to parking on the streetStayed in Philly for a night a couple weeks ago with my girlfriend.
Went here for breakfast after an early morning 5K Cancer Charity run.
I like how Silk City is split up as a diner and a lounge.  We were not able to sit in the diner area since it was busy, so we decided to have breakfast at the bar in the lounge area.  
The omelette totally filled me up, and I quenched my 5K run thirst with two Hoegaarden beers on tap.  Friendly bar service and seems like it would be a decent place to partake in night-life as well. 
The lounge has a retro-rock-a-billy, and 80's feel to it.As one of my friends commented, "The Silk City patio is where God has happy hour".  I couldn't agree more.  As a Texan, I get nostalgic on Silk City's patio because it combines my favorite Mexican ktisch with bricks and fire pits.  
I am going the 4 star route because I don't love the food.  Don't get me wrong, the food is *pretty* good.  But it's not mouth watering.  Here's how an insular Silk City evening should go:
Arrival: 6 ish for a prime patio spot.  
Marinate: Drink outside for awhillllllllllllleeeeee.
Dance Face: Hit up the dance floor after you're nice and boozed.
Face Melt: Round 2 on the dance floor
Late Night: slide into a booth in the diner and order anything.  Your tastebuds won't be quite as acute at this point and everything will be so amazing and delicious.
Depart: on foot or by cab
Sidebar: The waitstaff is really awesome.This review only pertains to the diner, which was ok but not great.  The dance floor looked fine from the door but I didn't experience it.
Went for a late dinner.  The dance party was in full effect, so it was loud and conversation was difficult.
The staff was friendly enough and service was fast.  The calamari was also pretty good. However, the burger was a lot of bread with not much meat or toppings.  The turkey BLT was overpowered by the aioli.
I probably would have felt fine if it had been one of those $20 Applebee's deals, but since this is supposed to be better than Applebee's, I was not impressed.Just had Father's day brunch here with my man and 4 year old... Everything was delicious, servers were fantastic and we were able to order 1 giant pancake instead of 3 for the little guy. Great grits and bloody marys!OK, I'm not a local, but the two times I have visited Phillie, I have always had fun at Silk City. The diner itself has good food, beautiful tables, great view, and the waitresses are sassy and actually good at their job. Casual, hip, kinda hipsterish, but good ambience and open late. Fun fun fun. AND it connects to the lounge, a velvety red lounge with comfy places to sit and pass out on. The bar is smaller and the bartender is great and the drinks on tap were well poured and one can SMOKE in there...yippie!Chicken and waffles - Best I've had! Saw the restaurant on DDD. Glad we made the stop on our travelsI have been there twice already and both times I had a great experience. I'm a vegeterian therefore of course not always I find choices for myself. Here that wasn't a problem. Many very tasty choices :) The staff was very attentive and nice. My most favorite part about this place is their outdoor seating. Not ,any places in Phily with such cool "backyard".Great place to grab a bite and drinks late night. The red lighting is dimmed, setting a nice little tone. Not only will you get a taste of good food you also get a sight sample of art made from glass plates and cups on the wall. 
*** Recommendations:
Cornbread with pepper jack cheese 
Tomato Soup 
Purple DrankFire..... Way too fire. That's all that's really needed, but I'm not hitting the minimum characters requested by yelp.This place is really cool.  The atmosphere is great.  I really enjoyed the music and dancing.   The DJ was really good and mostly played MJ and other old school dance music.  Although it was crowded on a Saturday night, it did not feel overwhelmingly so.Silk city,  I love you. 
From my drunk college days, dinner dates, and brunch with friends silk city has always fit the bill. 
Silk city is not fancy or pretentious. Just new and delicious takes on comfort food.  My favorites are the fried chicken, Thai wings,  Mac n cheese,  and chicken and waffles. 
Always has some interesting beers on draft.  Cocktails are hit and miss.  Don't try to make silk city something it's not. .. but for what it is - amazing.Silk City Diner is definitely eclectic...  diner hooked up with night club where the food was dynamic and very good...  my girlfriend had eggs over short ribs which was different (I ended up eating the ribs)...  and mine was basically eggs and grits...  the grits creamy and delicious...  this also was another of Guy Fieri's triple D spots...Highly recommend. Perfect for a late night meal with quality food. They even have options if you're looking to try something new. I tried a Shrimp burger which was amazing. Also, great personable staff!Silk City is A-Ok.  Very 3 star.  The music was 5 star, the drink prices were 3 star, the crowd was really 1-2 star.  Just not nice, not cool people - nobody I'd want to be friends with.    The staff was rude - we got there around 10 and went outside for some drinks before hitting the dance floor.  We asked for a table, and even though 90% of the tables were empty and it was clearl the dining crowd was long gone, they wouldn't let us sit at the table.  We had a big crowd, so the dancing was fun - but based on the 1-2 star patrons, it would probably move down to an overall 2 star rating if I was there with a smaller group.I rarely write reviews. However, I felt it necessary to write this, as my experience was so negative that it was difficult to enjoy my meal.
My friends and I decided to go for brunch Sunday afternoon. I was 1 out of an 8-person party, though 1 member of our group did not eat and only drank water. As a sidenote, I used to be a server and understand that an extremely busy shift can entail a lot of situations that are (sometimes) out of your control. 
It WAS very busy, so a wait was very understandable. We received glasses of water while we waited for a table, which was very appreciated. After about 25-30 minutes of waiting, we were seated outside because it was the first table available. I would estimate that we sat for about 10 minutes before our waitress actually came to our table (she breezed by several other times, saying she'd be with us in a moment), and at that point another employee had brought half of our party more water. Already, the group and I were feeling restless, hungry, and a little annoyed. The waitress introduced herself, counted how many of us needed more water, and then took our drink order. It took another 10-15 minutes to receive our drinks (where only 1 out of the 8 was an alcoholic beverage). After this, she would disappear for moments on end. We actually had to ASK her if we could put our food order in, and then waited another 30-40 minutes.
The food was good. However, the overall experience made us rush through the meal just so we could get the heck out of there. The waitress was inattentive and borderline rude. Again, I understand being busy - but it's important to be kind and as attentive as possible to your tables; this is especially so when you are attaching an obligatory 20% tip to the bill.
The manager has already been notified, so I found it unnecessary to use the server's name. I hope this experience was a fluke, but I can't say I'll rush back to Silk City for food anytime soon.Very "meh." Food is similar to but not as good as every other gastropub in the area. Lounge/club area is an asshole magnet and it is always SO HOT - we apparently have no handle on air conditioning in this place. That for me is a deal breaker. There is no reason to have dancing/DJ nights that are very crowded in the middle of summer and not have a good cooling situation going on. Will most likely not be going back.When you type 'Silk City' into Yelp's search thing, the results show it's the third listed option. The first two don't even have 'Silk' or 'City' in their names. I guess that's why Yelp is free.
Anywho, went here with the Mrs. (don't tell her I called her that, she probably hates it) the other day when Honey's, Jaxon, La Maude and Green Eggs were all so crowded, would-be customers were pouring out into the street like the festering sores they are. I'm a people-person, can you tell?
So Silk City is was. Hostess: friendly. Booth? Check! Some guy dropped off two glasses of water almost immediately, smiled, and said Skylar will be with you in just a moment. Every time I think of a name like that, it reminds me we are living in the future. "Lord Sky-Lar has requested your presence for the telepathic meeting in the..." -- Where was I? Right. Skyla(e)r is a weird name. No one should have it. It's like naming your kid Optimus Prime or Table. What ever happened to Johnny or Billy? Fuck. Whatever.
Schuyler(maybe?) was nice. He reminded us that his name was Skyler and I felt a jolt of electricity shoot up my back. I winced. The specials, he said, are on this magical tablet which you must insert into the -- wait, no, he said here are the specials and handed us a piece of paper.
I got a salad and the Mrs. got a Monte Cristo, which she'll be complaining about later, am I right fellas? Right to the thighs. Right? Fellas?
Skylar watched us like a hawk ready to leap into action and scoop up a mongoose. Or is it the other way around? Can a mongoose beat a hawk? Like in a hypothetical battle?
The dinner was quickly brought to our table and eaten just as quickly as it was brought to our table like how I said it was at the beginning of this sentence.
Skylar wished us a good night, once again reminding us that he, our waiter, is Sky-Lar. I wince again but pretend to smile. He is genuinely courteous. 
Fast, efficient, and affordable.
*****Would Skyle(a)r again.Went on a Tuesday night not too long ago. Wasn't busy and took awhile to get someone to us to take our order. Started off with the wings which were AWESOME. Had the eggplant parm sandwich which was just eh. A little too much bread not enough eggplant. Definitely would go back though because the atmosphere was pretty cool.Had an amazing time last nite.!!!!!!!e anytime i go the experience is always top notch. Last night my server  Dennis  was the BEST all of his suggestions  were the best .looking forward  to more new exciting menu choices.  #myfavspottMaybe I'm biased because I live right down the street, but Silk City is personally my favorite brunch in the city. I challenge you to find me a better plate of chicken and waffles in this universe (the sausage gravy really makes the dish!). I would be remiss if I did not mention their phenomenal, yet simple, breakfast sandwich on a croissant.
Silk City really shines in the warmer months when they open the back porch area. It's very easy to come with the intentions of getting a meal and a drink, but wind up staying for hours enjoying their awesome cocktail menu in the sunshine.Silk is an okay diner.  The food is good, server was nice.  The only complaint would be that it took very long time to get our food.  A total of 20 mins. and no, it wasn't busy.  I ordered the eggs benedict (which is why it was taking so long, so I was told) but as we were waiting the waitress did come by to tell us our food should come out soon.  This isn't first time we had to wait for our food. I would give it more stars if it didn't take so long.Great Place, can get a little tight and busy ( SO WHAT) go enjoy the food enjoy the swanky atmosphere, and appreciate how hard the staff strives to pleaseHot tip: bring bug spray if you want to sit outside. Yikes.I've had dinner at Silk City a number of times, and made an effort to try different things. They have a specials menu that changes every night, so there's definitely pressure to try something on there that you won't be able to get next time. I've had some great luck with the specials menu. As far as their regular menu goes, I'm in love with the eggplant parm sandwich and the side of mashed potatoes. I'm very picky about mashed potatoes, and the ones at Silk City are delicious - smooth, creamy, and buttery. The buffalo chicken salad is also good, but beware - they do not have ranch dressing, so if you (like me) are not a fan of bleu cheese, plan ahead when ordering.
Inside seating is comfortable and the dimmer, red-tinted lighting is easy on the eyes after a long day staring at computer screens. Outdoor seating is also lovely, and the colored lights give the patio a nice ambiance. The one thing I would note is that I don't believe they have the outdoor heaters like some places do (or else they weren't on at the time), so depending on when you're going, bring a sweater. Service can be pretty slow even when they aren't very busy, but the food is delicious and worth the wait.
One thing that I absolutely love about Silk City is that there is always parking on the street right out front. I can often sit at a booth and see my car from the window (not that I need to for security reasons, that's just how close I can park). In most of the city parking is a real hassle, or pricey, so it's awesome that Silk City has ample free parking right up close.Didn't have any food there but, got plenty of drinks from an awesome Asian bartender one Thursday with my friend. I'm not a dancer, but, the music selection was alright, too. Mostly Old School (80's-early 2000's) Hip Hop/ R&B and remixes.I hate lines. And waiting. But a table outside for brunch at Silk City is well worth it! I've returned several times for weekend brunch, and the service and food are consistently good.
This past weekend, I sat at the outdoor bar. Ali (?) the bartender, was amazing. We ordered the white sangria and the elderflower sparkler, and both were delicious. It's rare to find a sangria where you can actually taste the alcohol, and not just the sugary filler. Ditto for the elderflower drink- it was mostly champagne. 
To eat we had the huevos rancheros and the chicken fried steak and eggs. Both were full of flavor and huge portions. Despite a packed restaurant, our food came out quickly. 
I'll definitely be back for another brunch soon!I have to thank Yelp for helping me find this place. I don't live in philly and wanted a place that wasnt gonna play Call Me Maybe every 3min. The DJ was excellent and the dance floor is plenty big for you not be dry humped by the ppl around you. Wait til after midnight to come here tho to find the right atmosphere for having a good time. Def wanna come back and maybe even try the food hereI came hear last night after dinner and I was so excited because my boyfriend raves about their music/dancing. Unfortunately, the DJ last night was terrible! But the decorations for the Halloween party were great, and the bartender was very nice. I'd definitely go back, but hopefully next time the music will be better.This diner has high energy. Everyone in the place was having an excellent time. The dance club attached to the left was booming, and I had an excellent high end diner late dinner. Rolled in around 11:30pm and ordered a Philly favorite: italian roast beef. It's was super good! Perfectly tender beef, peppers onions, and a very tasty cheese. Au jus on the side along with house made fried for $13 in center city! Miller High Life was only $3 a pull! Excellent late night eats.Really enjoyed my late night visit to the beer garden at Silk City the other night. The hostess could not have been nicer, accommodating a group of nine at an outside table. We waited to 5 minutes at the outside bar while they set up the table. The bartenders were very friendly and helpful. Prices are decent & good beer selection.
I had the cheese fries (fries, housemade cheese sauce, scallions, and a chipotle ketchup). A HUGE bowl for $4! I couldn't even finish it. Friends enjoyed the mac & cheese & the quesadilla. However, the buffalo wings were horrendous. "Worst ever" my husband called them. 
Overall a great time outside.Got there before the cover, Its a really adorable retro atmosphere. The place is part diner-part bar which I loved so much. When we got there it was still slow and we had time to hang out at talk (around 9 PM) after an hour or two the place started to fill up really quickly and the place was filled with people dancing. 
The outside bar was also really nice and comfortable. You have to exit the dance floor area then cross through the diner to get to the outside. I didn't mind that though since the diner area smelled amazing and the bar next to the booths was lit up by a red light. They really do a nice job making the place comfortable/cute. The drinks weren't too expensive either.
My only complaint is that the bathrooms are small/too few and the lines really get backed up. Also, the rush for a cab at the end of the night is sort of ridiculous (but that can be said about a lot of places in Philadelphia)The out door space is a nice Chang of pace for this neiborhood. Food is not your typical diner.This place was recommended to me by a friend and I was really excited to have brunch there for my birthday. The food was delicious. The customer service however, AWFUL. We were seated and waited about 25 mins to be served. Our waitress was incredibly rude. She spilled water on our table and literally said "it's OK, it's just water". Then she came back with napkins and threw them on the table. Her attitude was such a problem that we had to complain to the manager and he ended up discounting the check. Terrible first experience and probably the last time I will go there or recommend the place to anyone I know.The best possible way for me to metaphor Silk City, is to say it's akin to a lover you're not right for. Things start out great but progressively decline as your lovers nature and nuances wear on you. It's tolerated because there's a reservoir of goodwill from which to draw. But slowly that deteriorates and you decide the relationship needs "a break."  Well, within that break you date around and start to remember about some of the good times you had with your former flame. You think to yourself..."maybe they've changed..." but when you go back to them it's the same old story. Last night we ventured back to our old stomping grounds to be met with a higher cover. ( $6 for guys ) They also now have a cover on Thursdays which was never the case.  This is blasphemy imo due to the fact that local similar venues 700 club, PYT, Lucy's all with similar drink specials and music ( well i'll get to that) have no cover on either night...the nerve. That being said, I plunked down my six dollars and entered anything you can shake your hips to. I WAS actually enjoying myself given the scenic eye candy and the passable music. My buzz was extinguished when out of the blue DJ DeeJay decided to come on to the mic and announce that for the final 45 minutes he would be commemorating John Lennon for the rest of the night. Boredom ensued and I was no longer interested in shaking my hips. Apparently I wasn't the only one who felt the betrayal, as people awkwardly attempted to adjust to the remixed music not originally made for hip shaking, and eventually had downsized to about half capacity with 15 minutes to go. DJing is not about implementing your own personal agenda into your music repertoire, rather giving the paying patrons what they want, and not playing interminable dross. Once again cut deep, I'm breaking it off...This is probably one of my favorite spots to go to for breakfast, brunch or dinner! I've haven't had a bad meal in this place! The staff is friendly and helpful. I recommend having the huevos rancheros with a side of grilled chicken, breakfast sandwich, chicken and waffles. I regularly come to this place since it's in my neighborhood, and I love the old school hipster style this place has. This is definitely not just a typical diner. This place beats a lot of other good places in the northern liberties area. Def recommend if you wanna go out to a nice brunch .When I first came here, I was impressed by the outdoor seating area and its decor. Also the front entrance's display is amazing. The food was also good; I love the calamari, which was the best I had. Then when I returned for a late lunch, the food I ordered wasn't good. I had the BBQ quail. I would have to visit this place many times to sample their food. Overall, it is a decent place.What's all the hype about? The music is good if you enjoy dancing to top 40s; the layout for the club section is narrow and cramped. And the bartender appeared to hate her life. I had a great time though, cheers to that! I'll have to check out the diner part of it sometime, but it's cramped there as well and there are like 23198 people for one ladies room.I have never been treated so horribly at an establishment.  After spending 2 hours (5-7) and $100 on non-happy hour drinks we closed out and decided to check out the live entertainment.  Doors we're scheduled to open at 730 but didn't. It was no big deal. By 750 we were waiting by the doors and we decided to use the restrooms since the staff thought doors weren't going to open until an hour after they were supposed to. We tried to use the bathroom close to the entrance of the performance area and were accosted by Tony...the owners brother...who thought we were trying to avoid the $10 cover charge.  He was awful. It was unreal.  Seriously...if I was that frugal I would have gone to an establishment that actually has a happy hour. The manager tried to make up for it but damage done. No thanks. It was the rudest treatment I've ever experienced...i love this place! the food is always great, they serve breakfast at night so you can go dancing then feast! i heard theres a new outdoor area i want to check out!It's one of my top picks in Philly for sure. Killer food, good beer selection and absolutely beautiful women working behind the bar. Crowds always seem genuine and out for a good time. The new outdoor tiki bar is perfection on a chill summer night. Keep it up Silk.Got the chicken and waffles, best I've had and staff was friendly, clean environment.I like Silk.  I've had some great times here, and some just decent times as well.  But overall, this is a good staple in the Libs for breakfast, reasonably priced drinks, and a cool place to dance.  
--Breakfast:   I really LOVE the CHEESE GRITS here.  I think people caught on though because now the portion size is smaller :-(.  I also order my eggs "over-medium" and the last time I was there they were cooked perfectly!
Tip:  Don't sit in the club/bar part for breakfast (dark, dingy, and smells like beer).  Unless you are absolutely starving, wait for a table in the main diner (much better atmosphere!)
---Drinks:  The Beer Garden is such a nice place to chill in the summer.  You can literally sit there for hours and unwind. Besides beer, the strawberry basil margarita is quite tasty.  
----Bar/Club:  Cool on Thursday nights for hip-hop, yet the crowd can get a little rowdy (nothing I can't handle ;-) ) and the guest DJs are sometimes disappointing.  I know that music is a very subjective thing--I just don't like it when a DJ plays House music allllll night:  HEADACHE lol!).  Nevertheless,  it's a cool place to get some cheap drinks and spend like an hour or two before you hop to somewhere else.  
Still got to try that Sweet Potato Waffle and Fried Chicken combo---sounds damn good!I've been to Silk City for both dinner at the diner and hanging out at the lounge.  The diner is cool -  good food, good drinks, easy to access / park. Service is good.  Ambiance is great.  Food is REALLY good as are the drinks (which I already said - just emphasizing how good it is!).  I didn't like the lounge experience THAT much.  It was good at first, but then it got SUPER crowded, super gross, and super busy.  It was impossible to access the bar, and the men were trying to grind  up against me all night, which got me weirded out after a while.  Also it gets really touchy, elbowy, and not so much fun after midnight.  Also starts to smell like body odor (bo).  Not a ton of fun.Contrary to everything I've heard about this spot, I've yet to be impressed. 
My friend and I first stumbled in here on our search for a pre-game spot before hitting up the Electric Factory. Although it was a warm summer night, there were not many people at all. The bartender was pretty unfriendly, and seemed to be serving large groups preferentially over us, even though we arrived first. The expensive mixed drinks we ordered were more juice than anything else. After another beer or two, we hit the road. It was just a flat out disappointment.
I did eventually come back here with some friends for brunch and it was an improvement over the bar. The waitress was nice and the food was decent. Still, it was an underwhelming experience. I would never go out of my way to come here.I really tried to give this place a try this time around, but it was the second time on a Saturday night. It is horrible because the bartenders are horrible with how quick they are to respond to the customer. I tried to close out and the bartender completely ignored me for a whole 15 minutes. I am a strong believer in tips for bartenders because that is the base of their income for their shift, so I left her a tip. It will be a while until I return to this place. POSITIVE: their drinks are pretty good and strong.Have you had their fried chicken?OMG... I almost NEVER order fried chicken at a restaurant, but the girl at the table next to me ordered it, and it looked delicious, so I decided to as well.  It came with mashed potatos, jalapeno cornbread (which I LOVED), and I ordered spinach with mine.
My food was soooo good! Silk City was already one of my favorite places to eat. but the buttermilk chicken just solidified it for me.The atmosphere at this place is cool.  Give it a try.  They have a cool indoor bar/nightclub type area, a diner, and an outdoor dining area.  Great place to have a few beers.This is our go to place!!! Great place to come on a Saturday night to party with friends. Very laid back and cover is usually $5 for girls and $10 for guys, which is very reasonable. You can find parking all around so that makes everything worthwhile."Meh. I've experienced better."
You got that right. First time going here was a while ago and just for a late night dinner. Unfortunately, I don't recall what I had but I thought the food was overpriced for a "diner." 
I went here recently for a 2nd time to experience the bar/lounge scene on a Saturday night. DJ Deejay is not a good DJ. Who plays Spice Girls right after a Jay-Z song? Who even plays a Spice Girls song at any bar or lounge?? At least the drunk people who were there enjoyed the music no matter what was playing. Bad music transitions and bad song selections. If you don't care, then by all means come on a Saturday night. I've heard that Thursday or Friday nights are better here music-wise.I really like this place since its got its "makeover". I"m happy it kept it's diner roots in the lounge area and the food is pretty good but nothing special, athough my piggy self would appreciate larger portions. But, the wings, duck spring rolls, salmon, meat loaf, mac are all ok. If it was just on food I would prob rate the place 3 stars.
        I esp like the music at night , plus Im usually only the second worst dancer on the floor as I shake my flat ass next to the crowd of hipsters gyrating on the dance floor. My only huge complaint is it is F***in hot  .. like Africa hot , when it gets crowd esp on the warmer nights. I swear I saw a herd of giraffe go running thru doing my buddy's bday in June, but otherwise thumbs up for something different than your normal lounge in center cityTerrific brunch! I ordered the eggs Benedict and it was definitely something I would order again. I also shared the macaroni stuffed corn bread ... which had just the right amount of mac n cheese! The service was great as well. My friends and I sat in the lounge, but it was a cool environment to chill and enjoy a good meal.I had my surprise 30th birthday celebration at Silk City lounge many moons ago so it was so awesome reuniting with 2 of my closest Philly friends for brunch there this past weekend. 
Awesome outdoor seating area! We got a cute table in the corner and could not have had a better time. Food (huevos rancheros, eggs benedict and grilled cheese, not to mention the bloody marys) were fabulous. Likewise, the service was exceptional.
My friends and I cannot wait to return to Silk City.  Highly recommend!!!Always a good time. Particularly with DJ Deejay's Saturday Night dance parties. Good drinks. Bathroom line gets long probably from aforementioned good drinks, or other things. One bouncer/security guard was quite the dickhead but I suppose it comes with the territory. Sweaty and fun. I heard jazz nights are a lot more mellow and relaxed. I prefer Silk City to the Barbary and 700 Club, as I know there are some similarities. My best friend tells me that the restaurant is pretty amazing, but I never made it there. 
I also remember sitting on the curb after last call on 5th and Spring Garden where people were intermittently throwing up onto the sidewalk and making out with each other.This place is always good. I went here recently for brunch and had a delicious mediterranean omlette, which I ate out in the garden  . Even the coffee was delicious. I have been here for lunch and the food is always tasty.I also like the funky decor.This review pertains only to the Sunday Brunch.  I have not yet been to the dance club
Silk City is my favorite Sunday brunch spot.  I love sitting in the outside beer garden area - it reminds me of an Antoni Gaudi park or something.  I usually get teh southern breakfast which has fried eggs, cheddar grits, pulled pork, and fried green tomatos.  It's a great variety on a plate to start the day.  I also usually get one of the special cocktails on the menu and they always have a good mix of flavor.  The bloody marys come garnished with a variety of pickled things, including tomato which are delicious.  
The servers can look a bit hipsterish at first, but they are always very friendly.  They also do a good job of letting you know if the kitchen is behind - they won't just leave you hanging for half an hour wondering where your food is.Since the beer garden opened they have the best outdoor space in Philly. Where else can u drink tecate out of a can and sit on a keg and wear a straw fedora... yes I'm that guy.  Still the hottest dance floor in the world no I don't mean hot in like this place is "off the hook" or " jumping  and banannas" or whatever kids say these days it is literally the hottest- temperature wise dance floor in the world. If Satan wanted a disco in hell it would be the Silk City dance floor. Was recently there for a buddy's grad party and almost saw an altercation between my buddy who can lift small automobiles and a bouncer who I'm pretty sure played for the Eagles last year. It would have been a fight you would seen in an old Godzilla movie and I would have played the role of the asian guy mouthing "Holy shit" and "run for your lives." One downside  I felt like a goddamn sheep herder but instead of fending off dingos and wolves  from my sheep,I had to fend off the strangest looking dudes w/ the social awkwardness of a sex offender from my friends. Plus the stamp that DJ Ipod put on us when we came in must have been a tattoo b/c I can't get this bitch off of me.Don't get the empanadas, they have no flavor and the slaw that comes with it as well doesn't have any flavor. I would skip out on the late night food here and just stick to the drinking. The late night menu is pretty boring.Came here for a Saturday night out celebrating my friend's bachelorette party. We arrived around 10:30 and the place was essentially dead, maybe there were 5 other people in the lounge. But things did pick up pretty quickly, much fuller by 11. The DJ took our requests which was great and the clientele were young and having fun dancing. Drinks were pretty pricey and there is a cover charge, but not a bad choice for a night out.Just got back from Sunday brunch here- I don't think I had a bad moment when I was there.
When we got there, we were told it'd be a 20 minute wait- pretty reasonable. So we went to the outside bar to wait and there ended up being 3 seats, so we just sat and ate there. Liz the bartender was awesome and made some pretty awesome drinks. I had the Bloody Maria- made with tequila instead of vodka and it had a spicy salty rim. It also had almost a salad to garnish which I LOVE. My roommates had the strawberry mimosa's- delicious. 
For our meal I got the huevos rancheros- OMG. It was amazing. It was layered starting with hard corn tacos, black beans, eggs, cheese, tomatos, salsa, and a creamy sauce.  Sour cream, lettuce, guac and pico were on the side. I also opted for the chorizo which was delicious!
My one roommate had the braised pork belly hash. This was seriously one of the best things I had ever tasted. I'm absolutely getting it the next time I go there. It was sweet and cooked perfectly, topped with 2 eggs and it also had sweet potatoes.
My other roommate got the crab omlette- also really yummy. But I had to admit, it was my least favorite of the 3.
We finished our meal with a pitcher of white sangria- perfect desert! Hint: get the pitcher, a glass is $6 and a pitcher is $18 but for 3 people everyone gets 2!
I loved being outside too! It was such a beautiful day and the beer garden is so eclectic and fun! I think I need to go here every Sunday.JUST NO! Let me start by saying I've been here to brunch on wkends and everything was ok. This is the first time I went during the weekdays, but it changed my opinion of this establishment. 
Where should I start? First, the temperature.  You walk in on a winter day and the diner is so cold the waitress has on long sleeves and her hands are cuffed in the sleeves! Between the club and the diner, this place makes too much money not to have space heaters or something in here for the staff and customers. Next, the waitress. She's waited on me more than once. And each time she makes you feel rushed and like she is not listening. Maybe thats why part of my order was served incorrectly.  Then there was my hot tea, served luke warm. I dont know if its because they don't boil the water or because it was so cold in there.  After that, its the "cheesy grits" which are overly cheesy with cheeses that don't go together and is just nasty. Next is the waffle, clearly made with water. You cut into it, and it kinda separates. Served not warm, the ice cream I asked to be served on the side was not, but it also was not even melting on the waffle. I am done.  Will not be back on the wkend or otherwise.The polar ice caps may still be melting but, I finally got my act together and  went to Silk City. It's a diner that has it goin' on with a dash of Magic Gardens (just search Magic Gardens if you have no idea what I'm talking about). Dancing + greasy diner food = hipster hang out. Okay, maybe that equation doesn't make a ton of sense but it seemed like there was a good percentage of folks who looked like their worlds were centered around the arts. 
Anyway, the food. Right, I'm reviewing a place that serves food. I had a cheese burger and the chocolate brownie ice cream thing for dessert. Yum. No complaints. The burger was cooked exactly the way I had requested it. The waiters and bartenders weren't necessarily super speedy but based on Silk City's vibe, I wasn't expecting a waiter to hover by my table. 
Next time, I'd like to come back for some dancing. I will report back!Silk City is my old standyby.
If I'm coming out on a Thursday night, it's 96% I'm going to enjoy myself, with decent priced drinks, competent employees and the excellent sounds of DJ Sammy Slice & TuPhace hosting. The food is yummy and also fairly priced. I'm a fan of the calamri and ahi tuna burger.
The dancerfloor crowd can be a little too hipster-friendly on most nights, but Thursday is usually a decent mix of students, locals, hipsters & other people just coming to enjoy the scene.I've been to silk city a million times.  Some of my best hangovers originate here... as do some of my best dance moves!  But what do I not typically do at silk city?  Eat!  Why not?  I have no freaking clue... but that ALL changed this weekend, and it was an overwhelmingly positive experience.
The hubby and I swung by after a show at the electric factory.  We were hungry... and silk city was close.  He has eaten here a ton and had great things to say.  We arrived to learn there were no tables, so we bellied-up to the counter and were totally happy about it.  We were greeted right away by two really pleasant bar tenders.  I envied their calmness as there was a bachelorette party behind us that was clearly towards the end of their night... and they were sloppy.  They did a great job keeping them under control without harshing the ladies mellow.
So I went for the shrimp burger, and the beau got the ruben.  The food came out pretty quick for how busy they were, and everything was delicious.  Typically I'm wary of processed seafood... but I didn't even think twice about it as this sandwich was delicious!  It was a hair on the salty side, but overall- a grand slam.  I ate the entire thing in no-time flat and felt like a million bucks afterwards.  Then I ate all the fries too... because they were also delicious.  
So now, in addition to being a great dance spot with a top-notch beer garden and strong, affordable drinks and a great draft list, Silk City, I can report, has awesome eats!  1 stop shop; the total package!  Love this place thru and thru!One of my go-to spots since moving to Northern Liberties 6 years ago. Chill spot for brunch and on nice days, the outside yard is great. The silk cakes, tomato soup, salmon and chicken sandwich are some of my favorites.Went here for lunch today got the California Chicken Burger with fries. The burger was not good too salty. Fries were ok. Customer service was good.I came to Silk City for a halloween party on Oct 26. The official name was "DJ DEEJAY presents: SILK CITY SATURDAYS ***SPECIAL HALLOWEEN COSTUME PARTY!!***" It was a great time. Online it said cover was $5 with a costume and they were true to their word. We got there around 11:15 and the place slowly got busier over the next hour or so. Drinks were reasonable ($3 for a beer, $5 for a rum and coke) and the bartenders were really quick with their service. If you're looking for a place to dance, look no further. The DJ played an amazing mix that was a ton of fun to dance to and overall just a great blend of genres. No sketchy guys coming up behind you like they would at a typical club, so my friends and I definitely appreciated that. This place is very chill and not at all pretentious. No requirement for heels, which is nice because charging $20+ for cover and requiring heels does NOT automatically make a great club. It was a great place to kick off Halloweek celebrations that'll continue into the following weekend. Keep it up, Silk City!drinks = good.
dancing = good.
brunch = amazing.
wait for brunch = not as amazing.
two blocks away = excellent.Went here Saturday night. It was fun because I was with a great group of people, but the place was pretty empty and the music made me feel like I was at a barmitzvah.  I must have been there on a bad night but I wouldn't be overly excited to come back here.Consistently good beer, delicous food, and good service in a cool casual setting.  Love the outdoor seating.Really fun spot for dancing in a super-packed, sweat-dripping-from-the-ceiling kinda place. The music is eclectic in every sense of the word but I bet your @ss will be shaking. 
Also, if you are in NoLibs late night and a little tipsy after a show at the electric factory stumble on in and get some food at Silk City Diner. I may have been tipsy but the mac and cheese was really fantastic. He may have been tipsy, but my boyfriend was raving about the burger. See for yourself - best to try when tipsy.LOVE the outdoor patio seating!  Hubby had the burger and I had absolutely delis shrimp bisque followed by appetizer fish tacos, which was plenty.  The beer selection is outstanding.  Cannot wait to go back!!  Service was friendly and quick.I went to this place for brunch, the food were great! all of my friends loved the food. our waitress was the worst ever! It was the 6 of us, so they added 20% tips to the check, we did not mind tipping 20% at all, but def not for the service that we were given. she knew that she would get the 20% out of us, she didnt even try at all. 
i dont think i will go back again because of the bad service.Their dinner menu is pretty good, I always get the wings, but really this review is about the brunch. Their brunch menu is to die for. Everyone I go with finds something they find phenomenal.  I love love love their creme brule french toast. I crave it all week.Silk City Diner was amazing. It is one of the first places I went to when I came to Philadelphia. It made me feel right at home, and all of the food was phenomenal. :\ Man, I miss it.My husband and I went her coming back from the airport one night. We know it was on Triple D so we had to try it out. The place is small and there was a little wait. It seems like this is a hot spot in this part of town and is always busy. The food was amazing. Their meatloaf was to die for and their french fries with truffle oil.; Great. This is definitely a place I will go back to.Ugh, another vegetarian disappointment. What's crazy, is that I remember this place having pretty good vegetarian food at some point -- but more recently they are just into serving up the meat. They don't have ANY vegetarian entree options. They used to have this awesome cornbread battered tofu dish that I liked so much I would order it just about every time I went there. Now nothing? The only options are a grilled cheese, or an eggplant sandwich (with roasted red peppers, OF COURSE): that's just great, "let's get the two slimiest vegetables and put them on a sandwich together and serve it to the vegetarians! That will keep 'em from coming here"! 
I "liked" them on Facebook a while back, so now I see their specials menu every day when they post it. There are almost NEVER any vegetarian things on the specials menu. It really bums me out. 
I give it two stars because the cocktails are awesome. The brunch is still pretty good (you usually can't go wrong with breakfast food, even for vegetarians) and They make a great Bloody Mary.LOVED IT!  I was in town for a girls weekend and this place was so fun.  Great DJ, so fun to dance!  Cheap beers.  Very crowded though.The breakfast sandwich was okay. The crab omelette was a bit off. It was crowded and we waited at the bar for 30 minutes. The bartender was very pleasant and our mimosas were great. Our waitress was friendly, although service was on the slower side. The atmosphere was the best part of the experience. We might go back.I wasn't expecting to love this place as much as I did! The food was delicious, the service was AWESOME and the menus were very friendly to my friends' nutrition needs. Will definitely be coming back!What a great place. This old train car diner has been in this spot for a long time. The current owner has expanded it by opening up an outside patio and bar and adding a nightclub on the opposite side. The diner is just that, but with an expansive liquor selection and 6 beers on draft and about 40 in bottles and cans. I only stopped in for a beer so I can not comment on the food. However the staff were very friendly and helpful. They had a great porter brewed by Evolution, their lucky 7.
I am definitely going to come back and try out their food.
OK, now I have tried their food. The food they prepared us was excellent. Everything was cooked fresh and to perfection.  In their french toast they used fresh strawberries and real whipped cream and maple syrup and tasted phenomenal. I ordered the Angus burger. It came out exactly as I ordered med rare. I can honestly say that in the last 5 years that may have happened only one other time.
If you are in Philli and don't eat here you are cheating yourself.Love it. ?estLove serendipitously was a high-light of a recent Philly trip. (That night it was kind of small, but with some room to move it would be lounge-y. Used to love the chocolate bread pudding here years ago but don't think they have that anymore. After-hours round the corner from 2 to 3 sucked.)After living here for 10 years finally made it Silk City.
Fried chicken eggs benedict.,Cider Hash, Shrimp and Grits. Need I go on,
I left happy and will be back.I had brunch here on a Sunday afternoon. It was pretty crowded but the wait wasn't extremely long. We had a drink at the bar and our table was ready shortly thereafter. I ordered the shrimp and grits. It was absolutely amazing! I've been dreaming about it. Lol. I can't wait to go back and I'll be ordering the same thing.I love this diner on spring garden, close to BFB. I use to eat here all the time when I lived in the city and they had the best diner food!! They've changed to add outdoor seating and menu additions but the well cooked food is the same! Hope this diner always stays hereNote: I only come here to eat... not to "lounge"
Silk City Brunch is wonderful.  The spicy bloody mary is fantastic and I have also had happy hangover-soothings with some of their mimosas as well, particularly with something grapefruit that i can't name.
I love them for their vegetarian options-the tofu scramble is fantastic, and despite the fact that i could easily make it at home, i just like it when they do it. 
In the holiday season they have an apple cider concoction that I still dream about.  Try it. 
Sadly, a lot of people love brunch here so plan on waiting...but its worth it :)duh. i'd give this place 10 stars if i could. i'm rating the heaven, known as saturday night @ silk city when dj deejay djs:) this is the type of hangout that i was looking for when i moved here. i was 25, new in the city looking to dance, drink, dance, drink and not get hit on or pushed around or judged by a bunch of buffoons. the eclectic crowd, disco balls, dance floor, crowds, the bar, the diner attached and of course the dj makes it my favorite hot spot on saturdays. 
sure, the dance floor is small. big whoop. even better everyone together, dancing and cutting up a rug. dj deejay really brings everything together with his pop and old school spins. something everyone can love and appreciate while there. his britney nights are amazing too. come awn...who doesn't want to go to a britney, madonna & gaga themed party? it also helps that girls can go to be girls and dance and carry on and not be groped, robbed, drugged and just have a blast. i wish i could get there on a weekday for other themed nights. 
ps. their food in the diner is pretty amazing. the beer garden also helps with the crowd as well:) 
i love you silk.The food was alright, great sauce! Meat was cooked alright, place was not bad at all!Awesome service, great food. Hubby got the fire roasted parmesan corn on the cob, bacon wrapped meatloaf with mashed potatoes and english peas & baby carrots. I ordered several appetizers as my meal: Thai chili chicken wings, pork belly empanadas and mac & cheese.  Excellent!!  We got everything our server Lauren suggested. She did not stir us wrong. Wings were out of this world. Empanadas were so fresh, pastry was buttery, but not heavy.  Try this place...atmosphere is cool. There is a beer garden and lounge there as well. You will not regret going here. Guy Fieri knew what he was doing when he featured Silk City Diner on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives!!!Not much I can add except maybe a different perspective? And my review is solely for the lounge...
I would come here anytime to dance any night, all night long. As others have mentioned, most people are just here to dance, they always have great DJs (I love you, PHSH), and most importantly: that AC pumps and I felt cool and breezy all night long...
I would never come here to look for a guy. Maybe I've been out of the club scene too long, but all the guys looked too old and shady, as well as just plain angry? maybe I just mean hostile? Definitely not my scene in that respect, altho-ooo-ough I heard recently that Chooch hangs out here sometimes, so maybe I'll have to add an exception to that statement...
I love the back corner of the bar. Take it over with friends and you'll have room to dance and sit and laugh. not to mention steady access to quick drinks.
Speaking of, reasonably priced beers and surprisingly fast and good bartenders. The bouncers are good at their jobs and surprisingly nice, too. Especially Roscoe, who was kind when he caught me outside with a beer and actually f%&ked around with my head using the flashlight from the door instead of just grabbing me. Which I thought was a cool way to flag me... and funny, to boot.They used to have this French-type go-go dance night here called Vampyros Lesbos, and I finally went once and only once.
I came early and started pounding. The DJ was playing 60s French-style pop music. There's two girls go-go dancing--one an attractive Asian girl and the other an okay looking white girl with cut-offs. They have pasties over their nips and no one else is dancing, just nervously pointing and laughing at the girls and their pasties.
The night wears on and the place starts to fill up... four, seven, now nine of my friends are hanging out in there along with maybe sixty other people. I'm standing there watching with my friends and one of them suggests I give his one dollar bill to one of the dancers, but I have to do it in a funny or provocative way and he'll buy me a shot. I'm game.
I stuff the bill in my mouth, step up to the platform of the cut-off shorts girl to give her the money mouth-to-mouth. She says "We don't do that here" and pushes me off the platform: one hand on my shoulder, the other gently cupping my breast. It's like she was saying "no" with one hand but pleading "yes" with the other.
I walk back with my tail between my legs, drink my shot, and sit down. I start pounding shots and start to feel a little dizzy. I tell my friend that I'm going to hurl and to take me to the bathroom. I turn around and spill a table full of drinks on the party behind us. Between drunken apologies, I manage to stand up. The one girl's pissed and had her foot in the air and was about to literally kick my ass. My friend gets in her face and says "I'll fucking kick your ass if you fucking touch her."
I'm escorted to the bathroom and barf on the doorknob before I even enter and fill up the bowl with vomit two more times. I'm driven home immediately and hang my head out the window like a dog. I crawl into bed and promise never to go there again while placing one foot firmly on the ground to stop the spins.
I look at my clock on my nightstand, and it's 10:45PM. LAME!!!Silk city was actually recommended to us by a Lyft driver as we were out and about visiting Philly. We decided to come here for breakfast and check out this area of the city. Really glad we came here!  The staff was literally probably the friendliest people I've ever encountered. They all seemed genuinely happy to be working there which really makes a difference in the whole dining experience. The food was also delicious. Menu was pretty classic with a few hipster tweaks and everything really came out so good. Prices were on par for a diner in a city and really the portion sizes were worth it! 
I ordered the breakfast sandwich on a croissant. Croissant was fresh and flakey. Bacon was crispy, avocado was fresh, and all seasonings and sauces were sooo flavorful. Also served with a heaping portion of fries. 
It was pretty cool to check out a spot in Philly which originated near my hometown in Jersey. Would deff check this place out next time I'm in the area. They also apparently have a really cool night life scene here!I came here for dinner on a Friday evening with my boyfriend. It was my first time here and I heard good things/it looked like a cool place. When we walked by I was super excited to see they had outside seating because it was a gorgeous night. I asked the hostess to be seated outside (there were lots of open tables) and was told they were no longer seating outside due to the weather. We were promptly seated inside the diner HOWEVER for the entirety of our meal I watched almost EVERY person that walked in get seated outside. I really should have asked the hostess what the deal was because I was so distracted by this.
The food was good (upscale bar type food) and the service was also great, unfortunately the hostess experience somewhat ruined the meal. My boyfriend really likes this place and I really like eating so I'd come back to try brunch or a night when I know we could sit outside.My roommate and I came here for brunch and were not impressed. The service was standard; the server was just disinterested and monotone. The real problem was that our food was plain and overpriced. I had huevos rancheros with a very plain sauce that I had to smoother in hot sauce to give it flavor, plain, soupy black beans, standard pico and some lettuce strands. This was $11. The guacamole and tortilla were the best parts of the dish. My roommate got a burger cooked that she requested to be cooked medium. It was well done and the fries were soggy. This was $13. The best part of the meal was the fried pickles. 
Overall it was not horrible but not worth eating there considering all the better places in the city where you can go.What can I say? I like the food at silk city.  I've ever had a bad meal whether it be brunch, an afternoon snack (beware they close in the evening for an hour or two between lunch & dinner), or a late night meal (if you're on the club side I think the stop serving meals a 9 so they can get ready for the party). 
They're consistently good and I like the variety of food, with vegetarian options available.  If you can grab an outdoor seat during the warmer months, it's great for brunch.Not your typical diner, and that's a good thing!  If you're hung-over (since Silk City is also a night club, it's possible you are), you can stumble into the diner and get some really fabulous hangover food.
Granted, you must appreciate good food.  Waffle House this is not.
Try the Silk Benedict.Very good cocktails, fun good-looking crowd and amazing food when you want to pay the money.We were just here last night. I had never been here before and I have to say, I was pleasantly surprised! The atmosphere was not very appealing or inviting. It just felt like an old, dingy diner with a questionable nightclub attached. That being said, the patio is a different world and the food takes you to another planet! 
The pork belly empanadas were just...oh my goodness. The meat was so tender, the shell perfectly crisp without being oily at all, flavor was incredible! The gravy fries, where do I even begin? I didn't even know they were a thing! SERIOUSLY SINFUL! They make fries seem humbly gourmet. Go here for the food and the service -- very friendly and personable! The atmosphere is off, but worth working past for every other aspect that is perfectly on point!SIlk City is the place I take my friends from home when they come to visit. I believe it says to them, "Hey, I know you like bars that have Bud Light specials. I also know you want me to get the eff out of Philadelphia and move back to New York. But seriously, Phila isn't all bad. Aren't you having fun?"
I think the best word to describe Silk City is "accessible." No matter who you are, you can feel comfortable there any day of the week. The music doesn't typically stray too far into the obscure, and the crowd is also a happy, unassuming bunch.
I've seen DJ nights at Silk, live music, just hung out, and even celebrated my 23rd birthday there. All have been great times.
The dinner offers a nice break from the bar / dance floor area, where you can step over for a bite or just a less-loud drink. 
The food in the diner follows the trend of late - American diner food with a gourmet flare. The meatloaf is delicious as are the mashed potatoes. In fact, nothing I've sampled on the menu has been disappointing.
All in all, it's not a bad place to find yourself on any night of the week.There was a hair in my food. I complained and the manager acted professionally, but still it was not a pleasant experience. Portions not large enough.Came here for brunch on a Sunday for the first time and was impressed by the quality of food. I had the omelet but my boyfriend had the breakfast sandwich on a croissant and it was full of flavor! I would come here again. It was also cool looking inside almost felt like we were part of the 50s. Check it outFavorite place to go dance.  For some reason i just have to drink a crappy miller high life while i'm there, it's just the atmopshere. I've never been to the diner side because i'm normally to buzy dancing.My boyfriend came here because another brunch spot we heard about was too crowded. We sat down right away at the counter-the stools weren't ver comfortable but the food was worth it. I couldn't decide what I wanted between shrimp and grits or pork belly hash with sweet potatoes but I got the grits and they were amazing but very very filling. My boyfriend absolutely loved his pancakes. Would definitely recommend.Went there and wasn't really thrilled.  It was dead. No one was there at all and we felt quite awkward so we actually left.  Had a small appetizer to coat our stomachs before drinking and that was okay but the waitress was a bit rude.Great, great food... I had the swordfish and the brownie for dessert.  All amazing.  I stole someone else's fries, and those were great too.
But we got seated at the "lounge/bar" part, and it got really, really loud in there.  Holy crap.  Twenty not-too-obnoxious-but-still-very-loud folks in their 20s-30s.
I wish they told us that it was gonna be so loud; we would've waited a little longer.I have been here two times once for lunch and one time for dinner about Seven months ago. Nice atmosphere at night (busy) most recently for lunch and was very quiet not many people. The food is good had a burger and fries last time months back and enjoyed it very much. This time I had the chicken and waffles also pretty good but a bit pricey. (13.00) lunch menu. Again a little pricey but consider the area. I would return for sure! 
Enjoy!!This is one of my go-to spots.. I love their food and the whole atmosphere! 
But... On our recent visit our waitress was soooooo inattentive and rude. She took forever to get us menus, serve us, and bring our check. 
She never stopped in to check on us and we were contemplating ordering dessert and another round of drinks but she kept walking right by us so it took too long. I ended up having to get out of my seat as she passed by to stop her and ask for our bill. 
Then she sort of tossed it onto the table and said "here!" And went to work behind the bar. We had to push through people at the bar to give her the envelope with credit card, and THEN... She passed the envelope with my credit card back through the line of people... The customers waiting in line passing back my credit card to me! 
She acted like nothing was wrong and just kinda chatted up people near her. 
If this kind of thing becomes the norm I wouldn't continue to drink and dine hereI've been to Silk City on 2 separate nights: once for the diner, and the other for the lounge. 
The diner night was on a Friday; nice crowd of people, and luckily we found 2 seats at the bar. Bartender was incredibly friendly, from the looks of it the rest of the staff seemed laid back and amicable. I got a glass of sangria which was pretty tasty and reasonably priced ($5). Whatever dipping sauce they are using for the calamari is kickass, better than just plain marina. I ran into my friend while I was there and he was there for the lounge. Mind you he is NOT a dancing guy (he went there for a girl) and he said he danced his butt off all night if that is any indication of how good the lounge is already. Plus, its free for everyone on Friday nights.
I returned to the lounge on a Saturday to see what the infamous DJ Dee Jay was all about. He was definitely a lot of fun, mixing old school and new hits and keeping the crowd going. The people in the crowd were fun and even all the guys were dancing! 
Random other things: 
-There are 4 single bathrooms which wasn't too bad but I wonder how crowded it can get, especially since they are on the dance floor. 
-The music was a tad too loud; my ears were screaming by the time we left. 
-Oh n there's a coat check for $1 which comes in handy on those cold nights. 
Definitely check this place out if you're looking for an alternative of the skanky Olde-City and the pretentious Rittenhouse and seeking a cool, laid-back place thats a lot of fun. I'm coming back here for my graduation party for sure!My fianc and I are in a mission to go to as many Diners,Drive-Ins, and Dives places as possible.  SilkCity is one of the Philly ones.
We went for brunch and I had the sweet potato, pork belly hash.  My fianc had a burger.  We both absolutely loved our food!!!  The hash was savory with a little sweetness-I wish I could have it all the time!  My fianc is a burger snob and was very happy with his choice.
Drinks are well made but take longer than most places to get to the table.  
Atmosphere is really cool- we sat in the lounge side but there is also a more traditional diner part and an outdoor garden area.love this spot, i pretty sure its vegan friendly, lots of good drinks, music, desserts.This "diner" is so much more than advertised. It is a diner, beergarden and club. I have experienced all three and enjoyed them all.
Let's start with the diner. I have enjoyed the service and food on every visit except my last. I had the hot roast beef and it was spiced with something I couldn't put my finger on but did not enjoy it. Every other time I have eaten here the food was great. From the roasted beet salad to the chicken wings to the burgers, the food is great. The beer list is reasonably priced and fairly extensive. The happy hour is $1.00 off all drinks. 
The beergarden is fantastic when the weather is warm. With the 75 degree weather last Friday this was our destination after work. Totally enjoyed eating and drinking outside to beat the winter doldrums.
The club space is small but can be a really fun time. It attracts lots of good djs and bands alike. A good time can be had here shaking your ass and gettng your drink on!Philly  oh Philly. How i love thee! Such a selection of places to eat with sooo little time. What to do what to do? 
Plan your day accordingly i always say. 
After a few places were super full we ended up here. Obviously after reading some yelp reviews...lol
Silk City Diner looked like it would not dissappoint and everyone in our party collectively agreed. The wait was short and the food came quick and the service was good. Not great....just good. It is hard to find great service now adays but it is what it is. Sitting outside on such a beautiful day is highly recommeneded. Everything on the menu looked amazing! I had a traditional breakfast platter with eggs, bacon and some whole wheat toast and home fries. All i can say is that it was delicous and i wanted seconds! thirds! and yes even fourths! I was soo enamored with my breakfast that i really didn't pay attention to the other dishes on the table. : ) 
Silk City Diner - see you on my next visit! 
Long live breakfast!It's back -- Silk City Lounge.
I recently attended their Thursday night "Mo Money Mo Problems" dance party.
It was fun, but I've got a bone to pick.  "Mo Money Mo Problems" is a 90s Hip-hop dance party.  Sounds like a good idea right?  Yeah, it is.  I should know.  I came up with it.  Some friend of mine and I have been DJing a 90s Party at Sal's for months now.
Someone reading this will obviously point out that I have a personal bone to pick.  They'd be right.  But come on, you have to concede that it's lame that they couldn't come up with their own idea.
I'll readily admit that Steven Bloodbath, their DJ, is a better technical DJ than we are.  But, his play list was less than inspiring and the hip-hop got old after a while.  Mix it up a bit too.  I'm as big of a Wu-Tang fan as the next person, but you should see what happens when you drop some Gin Blossoms.  Ironic cheesiness gets you a long way in the hipster scene.  Trust me, the kids will love.
And speaking of Wu-Tang, please...."stop biting our shit."
Thank you.
Ps.  And can someone please let me know where there's a dance party that plays good music and isn't filled with the same five hipsters?  Thanks.Went there on a Monday night, walked to the bar with two minority friends. Was completely ignored for first 10 minutes. Finally got drinks than bartender proceeded tohave conversations with people at the bar for another 20 minutes. Finally got the bartender attention and got my check and left immediately . Not really a mixed crowdsuper friendly staff. food wise..pretty good. i wont call it mind blowing but am intrigued enough to try more in the future.When you get tired of the club, there is the diner. When you want to get outside, there is the awesome outdoor seating. Food is great, their original take on common dishes like mac and cheese are perfect and the drinks are killer.Yoo this is my favorite brunch spot in Philly! Great outdoor seating with cool art and designs. The food is amazing- try the pork belly hash. It comes with pured sweet potatoes that go well with the pork. 
Great vibes, check it out.Excellent shrimp and grits! My friend had the vegan wings with Thai chili- surprisingly good. And the music next store was jamming.Fried chicken and waffles here are AMAZING. I love coming here when it's warm out, the outside bar is adorable.  I used to love the throwback hip hop they used to play but I went a couple weekends ago and it was house and trance music. I hope they bring back their old choice of musicBest fried chicken you will ever have!   The entire Buttermilk Fried Chicken entree is excellent.  Thanks to Guy Fieri for the recommendation on DDD.I still enjoy coming here for their weekly Thursday night party: Mo Money No Problems. DJs Sammy Slice and Cool Hand Luke, along with Mike Taylor on the mic hyping up the crowd, always provide a good dance party.
No cover for girls, guys are $5. Drinks are decent. Crowd is like a box of chocolates...you never know what you're gonna get (very eclectic crowd). It gets packed around midnight and so it gets very hot in here too so be prepared to sweat a little and/or have sweaty people around you. FYI, there are also black lights along the wall so please make sure you take care of that dandruff and run that lint roller over your clothes. Kthnxbye.I have loved Silk City for years - the diner part, the bar/club part, and the outside part.  It's generally a place to go for things of good taste, music, food, and otherwise.
Today I had a really bad brunch experience there.  The bartender/waiter dude was SO RUDE.  I don't know what we did (or didn't do) to piss him off, but he was rude from the second we sat down until the second we got up.  He gave us dirty looks the whole time, was rude while taking our orders, didn't refill our waters or coffees without us asking, didn't ask if we wanted another drink or if we liked our food.  After we finished our food, we kept shooting us dirty glances until we paid and generally made us feel unwelcome. 
Maybe his skinny jeans were too tight today?  Or maybe his band just broke up?  Or someone stole his bike?  Or maybe be got in a fight with one of his 8 roommates in Fishtown? Not sure why he was taking it out on us, but it was not appreciated rude brooding hipster dude.The chicken and waffles here are my favorite. They pour gravy on top of the chicken, which is different from other places. Chicken comes out juicy on the inside and crispy on the outside. Portion size and pricing are fairly average for a brunch place. Only downside would be the selection outside of the chicken and waffles isn't as good.Maybe, if it was 2008. Service blows now. Ever since diplo left philly this place has really gone down hill. Also if you call they ignore the call, and (like everyone's grandmom) they don't know how to set up their voicemail.Some friends and I were in the mood for a little booty shaking and decided to roll over to Silk City on Saturday night. I had never been there for dancing before; only food in the pre-Mark B. days. Boy ... 13 years of living in Philly and still a Silk City virgin? Imagine what the cool kids are whispering right now.
Anyway, we started out the night in the new outdoor area, their take on a beer garden. It was pretty cool with it's colorful picnic tables and lights, though not exactly trashy enough to be a beer garden. My friend kept commenting that she felt like she was still in California. I'm guessing that's a good thing?
The menu was interesting and the portions were huge! I ordered the cheese fries (served with chipotle ketchup!), which were pretty awesome if you have a craving for that kind of thing, but I barely got half way through 'em. Again, those god damn large portions--this place means business when it comes to filling your belly! 
Since I wasn't drinking a lot that night (still in a fog from the previous night's drinking sesh), I didn't spend much time scouring over the drink list. They do have a decent selection of beers, both local and imported. There's bound to be something on there for low and high brow beer drinkers. And because I'm not a big frou frou cocktail drinker, I didn't really check out those offerings. Maybe another night, when I feel like pretending I'm someone I'm not. Whoot!
The service outside was not the worst I've had but also not the best. Our waitress was nice enough though clearly quite busy. She didn't bother with any small talk and that was just fine. It worked with the setting. The other dudes clearing tables were the epitome of brusque. I think I could've done without those two.
On to the dancing! I was sort of surprised that it was not at all the crowd I was expecting. I have a feeling it might have changed a lot over the years. There were quite a few bachelorette and sorority-ish girls there. I'm still trying to figure out how women dance in heels. Someone want to give me a lesson? The crowed reminded me of the type you see standing in line outside Finnegan's or McFadden's. Weird, right? I guess if that's your kind of thing, you'll love this place. It's not mine.
Also, the place was packed by 11PM. We're talking body to body, someone's-ass-is-about-to-be-permanently-fused-to-mine packed. I kind of couldn't take it. The songs the DJ was playing were fun, radio friendly hits. I don't mind those. I'm a big fan of guilty pleasure pop songs. (My brain sure could use a break from Beyonce, though.) We stuck it out for an hour or so, until feeling like a sardine was no longer appealing. We ended up peacin' out and heading over to 700 Club for a more low-key environment. 
A-OK for the outdoor area. I'd go back there. The dancing, not so much. At least not on a Saturday night.
PS. Get the cannoli for dessert. You won't be disappointed, I promise!I came here for brunch on the weekend and enjoyed the cocktails and food on the patio, which is so eclectic and cool. I had the breakfast sandwich, salmon Benedict and Mac n cheese muffin, all very good but out of the three I would order the breakfast sandwich again. The waitress we had was very nice, the only thing is they get busy so there is a bit of a wait for drinks and food. The cocktail menu made up for that and the drinks were worth the wait. Brunch for two ended up being around $50, I recommend this place and will be back!Back to Silk City yet again, this time for dinner!  We just can't get enough.
This time, we tried the wings (both traditional with spicy buffalo sauce, and a new take on wings:  Thai style).  Both were absolutely delicious - crunchy and flavorful on the outside, tender and hot on the inside.  I had the "Sloppy Joppy" for dinner - Silk City's take on the Sloppy Joe, with melted Vermont Cheddar and tomato.  Yummy!  I also tried their white sangria this time.  $4 during happy hour from 5-7 makes it that much better.
Only downside, my $36 parking ticket that occurred while I ran in to get change.  That PPA must have radar or something.Havent been here at night and im not from philly, but  the only 3 things To do in philly is get a cheesesteak from pats, the rocky steps, and get brunch here. Service is slow and a lil tude always lowers the gratuity, but the food selection and quality definitely makes up for phillys lack of amusement.  
the Silk brunch salad was a little bland but last time i had the corn beef hash and that was very flavorful.  
also the outside patio is nice especially hung over sunday morning!! 
Michelle the bartender outside is hot!We first dropped in on a hum bug because the restaurant across the street was closed. We got there in between lunch & dinner so the menu was skimpy so I was already upset. 
That is until the food we ordered arrived. OMG the macaroni with bacon was mind blowing. All of the food was tasty & we all left extremely content. My daughter's grill cheese & tomato was nothing to play with.
We returned today for breakfast & they've officially become my favorite place to eat. 
Don't take my word for it. See for yourself.Let's start with the food.  It's awesome.  Next.
The drinks are delicious (last night I had Purple Rain.. extreme pomegranate hits the spot).
Three tequila shots for me and my friends was $15 even.  That's not too shabby.  DJ DeeJay is kind of the shit.  We danced to a lot of Spice Girls last night, just sayin'.Delicious and unique food in a cute renovated bus. Lol. My only complaint is the cocktails are disgusting and the servers could be more attentive. Everything taste fresh, full of bold flavors and exquisite meat.The food was good(I got grilled cheese) but it was a lunch menu and only like 5 things were on it. I wish it had more of a variety. The service was a bit slow and kept us waiting when we were like the only ones in there basically. I mean overall I wouldn't recommend considering I've been to so many delicious places in Philadelphia.I went to this place one Summer evening and we loved the food! She had Salmon and I had the Fried Calamari with the most amazing sauce, and there Buffalo Wings. The Fried Calamari was perfectly fried and flavorful and the wings may have been one of the top 5 I've ever ate. The Mac and Cheese was just as good as a homemade dish it wasn't no Mac with some cheap cheese sauce it was homemade. baked, and real cheesy with bacon bits at the top. If your looking for a place to eat quality food with a large variety of options this is a perfect place to eat. I loved it!Service was good but it took a little longer than we thought it should have. I had a hamburger. It was slightly better than average. My wife had a salad which she thought was good. The price was appropriate for the type of meal. This place offers an outside dinning area which is nice. I would return when in the area and when I am looking for this type of fare. Not great but good enough.I have lived a few blocks from this place and always pass it but tonight I finally took the leap and entered. The ambience is awesome, great throwback music, great service and over all cool vibe... Oh yeah the Mac N cheese is tits!!! I also ordered the chipotle chicken and bacon sandwich which I had to wrap up for lunch tomorrow because I grossly underestimated the size of the Mac N Cheese... Will def be back in the near future.Great food horrible service!! The bartender Tom had a nasty attitude from the moment he walked to our table. Our entire time there we were not checked on. However the manager Butch sat and watched as we clearly needed service. Apon leaving we had to pay a tip which clearly was not earned. When requesting the GM contact info was given a fake number. Just horrible experience.It was so nice when Silk City reopened a few years back. It filled a hole in the reasonable eats within walking distance of my house category. Parking's not so bad either which is always a plus when I am too lazy to walk. 
Our most recent visit, this Saturday night was one such occasion where we had to park the whip and a close, free spot was part of the Silk City draw. Another part was the low, red lighting to disguise my post NYE pallor. It sucks if you have to sit in one of the little tables and is worth it to wait for 5-10 minutes for a booth to open up. I had the meatloaf with peas and mashed potatoes. It was topped off with the brownie sundae with vanilla in lieu of chocolate ice cream. I am a sucker for a brownie sundae. I passed out into a food coma immediately upon our return home (at 8 PM). Sometimes that's exactly what you need on Saturday night.Let me just say that I was pleasantly surprised at the transformation of Silk City Diner...I swore it off before the makeover because, while you can't be too picky when it's 2 am and you're in the mood for a plate of french fries, you can expect a certain level of cleanliness.
But now it's just lovely (and virtually spotless)! I must have gone on a good night, as the service was good and nobody gave me the evil eye. I dined on the wings, which were good but very, very spicy. Luckily a cold beer extinguished the inferno that ravaged my tastebuds and I left happy, full and chock full of good intentions to come back again.
When I'm in the mood to dance, this is also one of my favorite places to come. It's always packed, which makes for some interesting experiences (such as getting beer spilled down the front of your new silk dress - that's the price you pay, I guess). I don't always love the DJ's as they can get a little show-offy at times but I always have a good time and meet someone who says or does something to amuse me. You can't put a dollar value on that.I was really happy with the reopening of the diner,and have found the food to be much better than it once was. The burgers are really delicious in particular.
My problem is more with the lounge- namely the security guards. On a recent Saturday night a very large guard was walking around sticking his flashlight into people's faces while they were dancing. He stood at the top of the stairs and was intimidating and menacing. Everyone there was just having a good time, and this guy made me feel like a criminal just for being there.
Then as soon as the lights came on at last call, he and and another guard started SCREAMING at people to get the f*ck out right now. People were of course trying to finish their drinks, get their bags, find their friends and were basically being pushed around by these guys acting like drill sergeants.  It was a total smack in the face to what was otherwise a fun night.
And it didn't stop there- security guards were literally taunting people that were upset with how they were being treated- even mocking one girl who they practically shoved out the front door. It was despicable, and made me never want to dance there again.I went there around 9:30 at night on a Saturday and enjoyed there outdoor seating with a group of friends and there Blackberry Lemonade was very good. After a drink or two we then proceeded to the dance area ( guys 10 dollar cover, girls 5). The music is very upbeat and dancing is fun and a good time was had by all.  I would recommend this place for people who like to go out to Bars and Dance but don't enjoy the whole club scene. 
Though a word of caution it is very hot in the dance area so dress accordinglyThe food at Silk is pretty good; it's not the best I've ever had but it definitey got the job done.  
First, my major problem was that the food is actually pretty over priced.  It surprised me because their drinks are fairly cheap.  My friend and I decided to get two appetizers to share to cut down on the cost.  We had the mahi mahi tacos and the braised short rib flatbread.  The tacos aren't really made to be enjoyed taco-style.  The tortilla falls apart really fast.  But otherwise, the mango salsa that accompanied the fish really made it worth having to eat it with a fork.  the flatbread on the other hand was delish.  
As usual, props to silk for having cheap cocktails and fantastic service! But I'm not sure if the food is worth the trek from West Philly.This is a review of the diner side only.
Why it is called a diner is beyond me. I guess the fact that they have the layout of a traditional diner makes it easy to give it that name, but the food is anything but diner fare. My only memory of being at this place before was when I enjoyed some delicious pb&j bread pudding.... a long time ago. On this visit the menu came as something of a shock. Mussels, cilantro calamari, blackened fish tacos, asian spiced tuna burger, etc..... I was really in the mood for diner food, not fake fro fro grub in a lounge/diner. No need to visit again for the food, but will probably be back at the lounge at some point.COME HERE FOR MMNP THURSDAY NIGHT DANCE PARTY!!  You won't find a better place to dance in the city.  Be wary of the scene though - huge variety of people from no. libs hipsters, hip hop enthusiasts, tourists, and dance maniacs.  The DJs are phenomenal, though, spacing out the 80s classics, 90s throwbacks, and modern hits perfectly.  The sound system on the dance floor also hits super hard, so be ready.  The crowd starts coming around 11pm and can get packed in no time, so come early and get drunk on the $2 PBR cans and no cover.04/16/2011 - my brother and I we just driving around Philadelphia when we saw this spot.  
I ordered the meatloaf, wrapped with bacon with mash potatoes.  Yum yum yum.  My brother had the Asian spiced tuna burger.  The wasabi mayo was tasty. 
The service is friendly so it feels homey.  Wish we could stay for the night life.  Looks awesome..Disclaimer: This review is for brunch only.
I came here with Hubby, sister-in-law and father-in-law for some brunch. We decided to try Silk City instead of the usual Green Eggs because we didn't want to wait in that long line, and I'd recently heard that Silk City has a pretty legit brunch. Well, I can definitely say that assessment was spot-on.
I really loved my Bloody Mary. Any time a bar actually has Absolut Peppar, I know I'm in for a real treat. The addition of the cornichon and the pickled green tomato were also awesome.
After consulting with our server, I decided on the popular Huevos Rancheros with the optional house made chorizo. I'm a huge fan of all things Mexican for breakfast, and this did not disappoint. The portion was huge and every flavor was excellent. I expecially enjoyed the chorizo. It was well-seasoned and had just the right amount of spice. This is one of their best sellers, and with good reason.
Hubby had the chicken and waffles, and he said it was the best he'd ever had. I tried some and I agreed. For me it was just the right balance of sweet and salty. SIL had the french toast with caramelized apples & pears and whipped ricotta. This was tasty but admittedly not something I would order, but just because I don't typically eat sweet brunch foods. If you are into that sort of thing, this would be right up your alley. FIL had the special that day, which I honestly don't remember other than some pretty fantastic horseradish hash browns. If I see those on the menu again (regardless of what they come with) I'm ordering it. Those hash browns were that good.
As far as service, it definitely could have been better. It took us longer than 20 minutes to be greeted by a server on a slowish afternoon and the service continued to be very slow for the rest of our stay. I noticed the bartender goofing off for quite some time after seeing our drink tickets print up on multiple occasions. Again, it really wasn't busy at all so there is no reason why I should have to wait 15 minutes for a Bloody Mary. Normally I would deduct more stars for bad service, but the food was just so good I can't bring myself to do that.
We sat outside in the beer garden, and I definitely recommend that if it's a nice day. There is a lot of seating, so there is was no wait for a table.Great place to eat at. Been a few different times and every time I def have the thai glazed wings. Great desserts and burgers too. Only knock is them not having bigger screens for the Eagles games!Ahh, the Silk City Diner. All new and shiny, you really look just like a real diner! 
And you were! Once. Today you are an upscale boutique version of your former self. I'm not complaining, really--I appreciate the portobello mushroom on my meatloaf. I love the trendy presentation of the food. And I love your decor.
I just think--and really this is just a suggestion--that if I'm going to plunk down $19 for carne assada that your service should no longer resemble that of a roadside greasy spoon. Actually, I think I've received better service at a greasy spoon. 
The food was so tasty, I ate it all and almost asked for seconds! But the staff was so off putting that I was almost scared to.
But, hey, what do you expect from the guy that owns North Third? At least I could see my food, but I attribute that to the evening sun and not to the decorator's lighting abilities.Diner and Lounge? ! Now you're speakin' my language. A great spot to catch the DJ spinning, dance your @ss off, and vibe the vibe. What could be better. A diner next door to end the evening with a fresh, tasty bite.The best thing about this place is Samantha, but the food and drinks are also really good.Great food. Great atmosphere. Great service. Best bartenders in the city. Sammy slice, tuPhace ftwFirst things first, Shannon was our waitress and our tour guide for the evening. Guiding us through the city to all the best spots before and after we enjoyed our concert at the Fillmore! 
Don't order the Mac and cheeese without the bacon. It's incredible with and cooked perfectly crisp! Sat on the patio around 3 and enjoyed the atmosphere of their beer garden. Menu for midday was small but had everything you'd need. Sandwiches and fries were good.I had brunch here this morning with my girlfriend and it was absolutely delicious!!! The waitress was lame and really needed to blend in that pound of cover-up on her face but nonetheless the food and bloody Mary was out of this world. I got the huevos rancheros and it was a 10!!!  The lame waitress tried about three times to take it away from me while I was still eating it was so annoying. My girlfriend got the dill salmon Benedict, again amazing! So many items on the menu looked out of this world I can't wait to come back and try some! Hopefully I don't get the want to be hipster waitress again whose name I can't put on here because she never even told itI love the outdoor dining here, especially in the fall and spring. The servers here are speedy and nice. The food and drink never disappoint. This is a solid spot for a good meal.We went for brunch and arrived before it was too busy. The hostess was unfriendly and preferred to talk to her coworkers than seat us, the waitress was inattentive, and while the food was decent, there are plenty of other places around that blow this place out of the water for the price. I would look for something else for brunch.This review is based only on the clubbing scenario, as we reach at 1 am and danced till the end. After having a bit of trouble finding street parking on Spring Garden St, we paid about $5 per girl, $10 per guy cover charge at entrance. But the club had great ambience, nice crowd and the UV lights just made everything look magickey! The music was a mix of pop and trance, and kinda okay. True, it's a bit crowded, but when you're drunk, you barely care about it. Overall, I would like to come again to try their food and more drinks.They now have a beautiful outside dining area to go along with the great food and a few good local brew selections.Silk City is a consistent performer we have been here many times and are never disappointed, good specials with great flare for out of the ordinary.Besides the entree's, you should try the backed mac,french onion soup, corn bread all are extremely good.
Recently Visited September 2011Good food! Large servings, all very fresh! Excellent mixology at the bar. If you're in Philly, this place is worth a visit. Very reasonably priced especially considering the size of their servings.ok so not only is their danceroom weird their food is mediocre at best.. that's not even the problem though.. When I ask for yellow mustard please , please give me yellow mustard and not wasabi mustard.. when did wasabi mustard become yellow mustard? NEVER!.. 
I have a problem when a lame ass bouncer asks us to leave.. because it's 2am like we are loitering.. don't ask me shit until your waitress has bought me my check... unless you want me to peace out and not pay.. is that' what you want? probably not, so shut the F#$@ up and wait til we are paid in full to be annoying.. and don't then wait and start talking to the waitress who needs to come take our money , when you were in such a hurry for us to leave..
apparently if you tell the waitress you wantt to pay she cries.;.. grow a spine b$#@$.......that is allStepped out of my comfort zone and tried the sweet pea risotto. Thought I couldn't go wrong with creamy risotto with grilled shrimp and sweet peas. WRONG! This wasn't my first time having risotto so I had a pretty good idea of what to expect. This risotto wasn't cooked thoroughly and was a little "toothesome" to say the least. So, I ended up resorting to my usual: the Thai chili glazed wings.
These chicken wings, when done right and perfectly fried and covered w/ Thai chili sauce, are the perfect hangover remedy, snack and/or meal (for me). They're the BEST wings in the city--BAR NONE.
No matter what time you come to Silk you're bound to get great food. Brunch=awesome. DInner=awesome-r.
Other side of Silk is a dance party/live music area and that's always a good time as well. Check out my homies Sammy Slice and Cool Hand Luke with TuPhace on the mic on Thursday nights for their weekly party "Mo Money, No Problems".I only went once. It was pretty bad. The dance floor was packed, the music was awful. (Just the hit's, not  "dance" music. Wasn't really my style.) The prices were about average. 
I'm giving a 3 stars because I went on a Saturday and people keep telling me it sucks Saturday and I have to go during the week. soo... we'll see I hear Thursdays are great and aren't insanely crowded.First time here, patio seating and atmosphere is great. Sunday morning brunch, didnt wait long to be seated despite being busy. Food was quick to come out, but delicious. I had the Huevos Rancheros and my friend had the chicken and waffles. Both were delicious and not a disappointment. Drinks were great although a little lite on the alcohol. Fresh squeezed ok in the mimosa was wonderful. Prices for the quality was unbeatable. Waitress was polite and prompt. Mixed crowd of patrons which added to the enjoyable atmosphere. Was not a big fan of their bloody mary but all in all great experience. Would definitely come again and recommend.I want a Silk City in Brooklyn!
This combination dance-club/diner/beirgarden truly has something for everyone. Since it was Allison B's birthday, we pretty much stuck to the dance floor.
Drinks were reasonably priced (le sigh Philly), and DJ Deejay played songs that 90% of the crowd knew 90% of the words too. AND he took requests via Twitter, which at first I thought was stupid, but THEN I realized that I could constantly tweet song requests without having to stop dancing to fight my way through the crowd. "Party in the USA" please?We went here for brunch and it was delicious! There's a great outdoor area where you can eat and lounge. We had the peach danish and it was hands down the best danish I've ever had. The crust was flakey, the icing wasn't too sweet, and the peach was still a little tart. 
We ordered the chicken and waffles. It was smothered in gravy- just the way I like It! It was sweet and savory and the portions were huge. I split my meal and felt perfectly full when done. My friends ordered the breakfast sandwich. She said it was the bacon was thick, croissant was perfect size, but the potatoes were the standout part of her meal. It was seasoned, soft, and also crispy! 
I had a great experience and encourage anyone in the area to stop by!My bf and I found this place on Diners drive ins and dives and wanted to go. The biscuits and gravy WERE AMAZING!!!! Def recommend them. The pork belly hash was awesome and the breakfast burrito, although it was good, it was too spicy for me I couldn't eat it but my bf did. This place deserves a 5 whether I thought that was too spicy or not. It was still fantastic!!This place is a diner turned into nightclub/lounge/outdoor drinking place. Went here on a thursday and hung out outside at the tables. Outside is AWESOME! the decor is friendly and it makes you want to have a good time. plenty of room for larger parties. they have a bar outside too. perfect summer drinking place!! the drinks were inexpensive (the specials and domestic beers) and the food was great. The food is kinda overpriced, however. The place is really cool tho. They got DJ's at night and it feels like a club in the evening.What a unique place! We came a little later in the evening on a Friday and got a seat right away. Our waitress was nice enough and the white sangria is to die for!! My burger was OK but my fianc's burger he loved (with the liver moose). As we were leaving the night club half was looking pretty crowded but we were all tired and just wanted to goto sleep. Overall, if I am in the area I would go back but probably wouldn't go out of my way. Try it out, you won't be disappointed.Funky, new american cuisine that seems to always provide a no-frills but fun dining experience.  Their retro-diner, hipster style may be considered trendy, but this was their style long ago, and long before their menu was worth remembering.  With new ownership a few years ago, and some much needed improvements to the menu, its become a consistent staple in our brunch routine.
The brunches in the summer are what will bring you in for your first time, there's a great outside patio with eclectic artwork and sculptures around the garden.  In colder months or bad weather, there's the traditional diner vibe in the main room, or a more open space in the nightclub space that's used for overflow seating.
Eggs benedict is a classic dish but with a better substitute than the traditional canadian bacon.  Also available with crab for a lighter breakfast option.  The potatoes served on the side are roasted just till they're browned and crisp, but still soft and tender inside.
The French toast with apples & pears is a great dish to share as a side for the table.
The Belgian wafffle with ice cream is light and a good compliment to the pork belly hash with it's large salty chunks or pork.  
Their most famous dish is the Fried chicken and waffles, it sells out early so be sure to put your order in right away before it's gone.
The main menu has some great staples on it, but don't forget the daily specials!
Come back for a dinner, the food is just as good as brunch, but with the added bonus of amsocial scene that turns your dinner into a night out with the option of staying on after for live dj/music, and a very chill bar scene.I always enjoy silk city when I go for brunch and I wasn't disappointed during dinner but I was just a bit underwhelmed. The inside was very lively with groups at the bar enjoying their time and they had the Eagles game on which added an extra element of rowdiness to the group. The staff were all super nice and not only one but multiple came and took care of the table. I was really craving Mac and cheese last night so I remembered from the first time I had dinner here it was really good and flavorful. So I was hoping my second time around would be the same. Unfortunately, not so much. The Mac wasn't as flavorful as I remembered, it needed some salt and the cheese flavor was really mild that it kind of made you forget you were even eating Mac and cheese. It also wasn't as gooey has the batch I had before was. It was creamy kinda but it definitely had time to sit and stiffen a bit before coming to the table. My sandwich was what I expected it to be and it was pleasant but I was still left wishing that I could have gotten their brew sandwich from their brunch menu. Overall, I do like this place and will be back and most likely give the Mac another shot!Well.  It is not 5 stars as some recent reviews gave way over stated.  People have little idea how to rate restaurants. But.  Is is very good and lots of comfort food and a fun place to dine.  Sheppards pie. Very good.  Beat salad , great   Service very good.   Drinks great. But.  The best.   The home made apple pie is spectacular.  Get it. BTW.  Forget the caramel ice cream.  Their vanilla is excellent. Go for it.  Bathrooms could be cleaner.  Food is fun.  Place is fun.  Go.  Enjoy.  Go to the bathroom before you go for dinner.  Fun.I wanted to like Silk City. I'm even giving it 3 stars based on what others have told me about the place. When I went it was the perfect storm of a DJ willing to play whatever, every bride-to-be from here to 'down' the shore and me not being NEARLY drunk enough to enjoy a playlist of 90's tween dance hits. 
It seems like it could be cool spot, but fucked if it was that Saturday. I'll give it another shot.Sooo I had an interesting experience here. It was a really amazingly hot day in Philly, and we decided to come here for a few drinks and apps outside. Took forever for them to bring us water and take our order. Fries with cheese sauce ($6 + $1.50) was unbelievably good (too much cheese sauce on the side -- such a waste). The empanadas were delicious and very crunchy with alright filling ($9 for two though?). The empanada was beautifully wrapped and fried though. My blood orange cider was pretty warm. The drinks my friends order were okay. The Purple Rain isn't purple...it's PINK. So we thought it was Pretty In Pink. Our waitress was super nice, but she seemed sooo busy. I guess they were understaffed? But we saw other people just standing there counting money and didn't help her out. Not sure what that situation was. I felt bad. Good thing the weather was nice or I wouldn't have felt chill. It took FOREVERRRRRRRRR to get our checks. We saw like 10 tables get their checks before us...and we asked first! She said we could put our cards down, write the last four digits, and charge us that way...but honestly we didn't want to wait so we just put one card down. I wanna give this place the benefit of the doubt though.For the last two days I've been trying to think what I can write to describe my experience at Silk City on Saturday night.  I think the best way is to list pros and cons:
Pros:
-  Great selection of music - DJ Deejay played everything from old-school Madonna to Kanye West to Katy Perry
-  Everyone in the crowd is there to get their drink on, have a good time, and DANCE.  It doesn't matter if you have two left feet or you just won "So you think you can dance," you will fit in here.  The dance floor is basically a sweaty mosh pit of writhing bodies.
-  Silk City has a really unique ambience.  Not bad unique, just... different?  You kind of feel like you're in someone's living room who has invited 100 of their closest friends to have a dance party.  There are no fussy decorations, just a string of lights and a few benches around the perimeter of the room.
Cons:
-  We got there fairly early on in the evening, around 10:30, and my boyfriend had warned me to dress accordingly because it gets really hot.  I was pleasantly surprised that the temperature was comfortable and there were several AC units up on the walls.  I realized quickly that with each additional person crowding into this fairly small place, the temperature rises a degree.  I ended the night much sweatier than I would have preferred.
-  There is only one bar, with two bartenders on a Saturday night.  Again, Silk City is relatively small so it works, but be prepared to wait a few minutes to stake your claim at the bar.
-  Cover charge:  $2 for girls, $5 for guys.  Not terrible, but hey that's another drink for all you economics majors out there.
-  The drinks were a little bit unpredictable.  I got my usual vodka tonic, which was normal for the first round, possibly gin for the second, and vanilla vodka for the third?  
I think that Silk City is a place that you will either love or hate, but you definitely need to be in the mood to set personal boundary space aside and dance your little heart out.Dude, I totally dig this joint. Let me tell you what...
Brunch: this place is awesome brunch. I pity the fool that isn't enjoying biscuits and gravy or huevos rancheros here at least once a month. Is that the produce section in your bloody mary? I believe it is. Garnishes galore. Really nice time, every time.
Dinner: this place is awesome dinner. We tried a variety of dishes and they were all a hit. Get the mac n cheese. Get a corn bread. Then get it on! Pick any entree, you can't lose.
Drinks: this place is awesome drinks. That freaking patio is the best outdoor space I have been to in the city. Even on a slow night, you can have a blast. I promise.
Dancing: I didn't mention the club yet, but it's also rad, but not entirely my scene most nights. But if you cut rugs for a living, you will dig it like a backhoe.
My, my, my. A mi me gusta.This place has amazing brunch food! Went yest for pre-Mother's Day and i had the special roasted pork over grits with a sunny egg. One of the best things I have ever eaten!This is a mainstay-favorite for our family. The service is always good and the food is always delicious. Their brunch is excellent and their dinner is divine. My personal favorite is their tomato soup. What? Yes, seriously, they make the most delicious tomato soup I've ever had. If I could have no other soups for the rest of my life I'd be perfectly satisfied. The mac and cheese is also pretty excellent, my daughter is a huge fan. 
And, once spring hits their outdoor seating is so wonderful my mother has commented, and I've agreed, that it almost feels like you're on vacation when you're sitting out there eating on a warm, lovely evening.Very unique place and that's a good thing.
Even though it says its a diner, don't believe it.  The only diner part about this joint is the edifice.  Actually, its 2 places rolled into one.  On one side is the Lounge.  Didn't go there but stuck my nose in (Can't help being nosy).  Typical lounge with lounge stools and tables.  This must be where they have the live bands.  The night I went, no live music.  The other side was the "diner".  Typical diner set up with stools and counter set up on one half and the other with booths.  That's where the diner connection ends.
Once you get the menu you know immediately you're not in diner Kansas anymore.  The menu and fare are more in the style of 2 star Michelin modern American dining with an Asian flair.  Not you're usual nachos or mozzarella sticks appetizers here.  Instead you get pot stickers but filled with lobster and crab meat?!?!?!  Spring rolls but filled with duck confit!!!  The main courses are no different  Ahi tuna burger!!!  Wasabi mash potatoes!!!  Jalapeno corn muffins?!?!?  And dessert was the same.  Chocolate bread pudding with creme anglaise!!!  Peanut butter cheese cake cannolis?!?!?  
The food was excellent.  Fine dining food in a down to earth place.  The ambiance - interesting.  The wait staff was decent - aloof but functional.  Slightly pricey but again, it might say diner but it ain't no diner.I've been a silk city goer for a sold 10 years. It was my go to breakfast/brunch place throughout college. I can only speak to their breakfast/brunch-  I've never experienced their bar scene or beer garden but I'm keeping it on my list of places to check out....
Most recently I went to brunch with my man- I had the pork belly and sweet potato hash. I liked it but after awhile had to stop eating because be became overwhelming- I think it would be better in a smaller portion. He had the crabcakes eggs benedict and enjoyed it very much. 
Its definitely a good brunch spot- just a slightly pricey.Visiting from DC, came to eat here for the first time today. Nate was our server. Had the Commonwealth Cider that he recommended & the shrimp and grits. Good. GAWD!!!!! SO FREAKING AMAZING!!!! SO IMPRESSED!!! Well seasoned, cooked to perfection. great service. I will definitely be returning every time I am in the area!!This review is for Saturday nights: 
My best friends and I have been going to Silk City for about 7 years now, and it is hands down the BEST dance club in the city!! DJ Deejay is AWESOME, and the crowd is great.  People actually come here to DANCE - not to just stand around.  Usually no assholes in here to bother you, so that's definitely a plus.  It gets PACKED, but it's worth it for a really fun night out.  The drinks are a bit pricey but you'll pay pretty much the same at other places.  They have 2 bars which helps when you are trying to get a drink fast (I go to the bar that is in the dining area if the other one is too packed).  Overall, we've never had a bad time here! Won't have more fun anywhere else if you're looking to dance the night away!Friday night: played old school for an hour for no reason and cleared the place out. Like, I know we payed $10 but not for subpar music, they think they can do what they want but this place has gone down through the years I've been coming here since 2012. This used to be the spot but I'm pretty discontent...probably won't pay again.Since I was teenager, I've been eating here.  The food is always solid and they boast a nice beer selection. In the lounge, music is a mixed-bag of old school hip hop ( a personal favorite) with spanish and gypsy thrown in (this is on a friday night, by the way).  The crowd is...well, you don't care because you're there for the music, right?