Good University City choice for decent South Asian buffet food.  Buffet has a good, albeit small selection.  Vegetarian choices are the best with the eggplant/split pea dish and chickpeas my favorites.  Naan was a little hard and chewy, probably from sitting in the steam table too long, but the fried puffy dough triangles were wonderful.  Potato samosas were heavy and dense, but otherwise tasty.  The chicken dishes were flavorful, but the meat was universally dry, including the tandoori chicken.  All in all a nice respite from the sea of fast food near by and this one doesn't cost as much as the pricier Distrito and Bobby Flays.Not worth it if you're vegetarian. $13.95 for dinner buffet. Everything I tried was too salty (chana masala, Dal, saag paneer). Yogurt/raita had sugar in it; tangent: perhaps a guju owns this place. Rice was thankfully good. Naan was awful; I couldn't eat it. For the quantity of salt in the food, water service was done right (pitcher at the table). You'll need that pitcher.Definitely my favorite Indian buffet in west philly. As another reviewer said, it's pretty consistent and has a good selection of vegan & vegetarian options; I especially love their paneers, spicy aloo gobi, and baigan bharta. Their green chutney and yogurt sauces are delicious, and they have great samosas. Free mango juice during dinner service is obviously a plus, too! 
Life rules when it's a Gulab Jamun (the honey ball dessert) day at Sitar. I can't even.Their buffet is pretty good. Went there for the first time today. Variety of choices.
Good number of veg and non veg dishes. Samosas are amazing and the chutneys along with it makes them . 
Wednesday's are better with cheap beer. Prices are very reasonable and great service.
I would prefer ekta over sitar but not at all bad for the value.
Would love to go again for lunch buffet.I must have been to a dozen Indian restaurants in this city and Sitar India isn't horrible and it isn't great. It's fine, just fine. Honestly, I have trouble recalling the differences between this place, Tandoor, and New Delhi. I think New Delhi does the best job in labeling what's vegan and what's not. Otherwise, all the University City Indian restaurants are about the same to me.The food is okay. It's not a wide selection of buffet. I like the restaurant atmosphere. The dessert was really good. I ordered for catering here once and they gave us a lot of food for very reasonable price!I've had the buffet and LOVED it, but IMO the best dish is the chicken kadai.  So sad to be moving a little further away from Sitar in the fall - it's my go to whenever I need a cheap, filling, delicious meal.Why order one entree when you have the choice of a dozen? Sitar offers  affordable buffets for lunch (~10$) and dinner (~$14) with an impressive offering of both veg and non-veg options in addition to salads and fixings (chutney, ichar, samosas) and dessert. Located smack-dab in University City, its always bustling. Therefore it might be warranted to make a reservation in advance.
Tips and tricks: 10% discount for students and 5% discount if you pay in cash. Also the waitstaff  assume you will be doing the buffet so just go grab a plate and head to the back of the store front to get started.I discovered this place back in the golden days (aka 11 years ago) when I was in college. It was an attractive option back then because we got 10% off with our student IDs which they still honor to this day. Nothing has changed since then. The food is superb and it's an AYCE buffet- what's not to love about that? They have a good assortment of both vegetarian and non-vegetarian options. I love finishing off my meal with the coconut rice pudding.I've never written a review on any site before but I'm bored right now so I will.
I go here a lot because I live 2 blocks away. The food is the best Indian food on campus in my opinion, which might not mean much to some but I think it's really tasty. Negative reviewers were complaining that one shouldn't order off the menu, but I didn't even know you could to be honest. I just eat the buffet and especially at dinner time (when they have free mango juice and gulab jamun for dessert) I think it's really good. 
Also for reference I'm actually Indian unlike most of the people reviewing this restaurant.I go there from time to time for lunch with colleagues. The buffet is good and there is lots of variety like chicken curry, chicken tikka masala, goat curry, chicken briyani, and today they had a yummy butternut squash sabji. Was definitely a treat on a cold winter day!Typically, I'm not a fan of buffets, but this is the exception to the rule. This place is clean, the food is good, and the price is reasonable.Best Indian buffet in University city! The biggest plus for Sitar is its CONSISTENCY. Sitar's buffet has a pretty wide selection for both vegetarians and non-vegetarians with tasty curries, rice and snack items that are reproducibly great in taste, and very affordable.
As I mentioned in my tip previously - I make my own yummy samosa chat using the samosa, chutneys, chole (chick pea) masala and raita (yogurt sauce). :) Among the sides/curries, my favorites are the palak paneer, baingan (egg plant), aloo matar (potatoes n peas) and the mild yet flavorful dal. The chai (at lunch) or juice (at dinner) is an added bonus, love them both although I do wish their tea were less sugary. 
I like their fruit custard and rice pudding for desserts, surprisingly they do not contain artificial coloring/flavoring agents added in many other places.
The service is good, the staff doesn't come across as friendly but do their job efficiently cleaning up empty dishes off the tables, given the tables are tiny and you need more space to fit every round of buffet items ;)Amazing food. Chicken Tikka Masala and Lamb Saag are the best. Really good Tawa Rotis.
Worst possible delivery service. Delivery guys are have no manners and are really really rude. I complained about the delivery guys to the owners who didn't take any action. Really disappointed with the delivery service.After nearly 10 years in Philly, the verdict is out: Sitar India has the best Indian food around. And this is after dozens of visits here, at New Delhi, Tandoor, Saffron, Mumbai Bistro, Indian restaurant, Tiffin, and many others across the city. Can't beat the diverse selection of curries, salad, dessert, and mango juice and a reasonable price. My two favorites are the goat curry and the chicken tikka masala.
TIP: bring a student ID and cash to save a bit on your meal. And it's BYOB, so bring your favorite beer or wine. You can bring some liquor and mix it with the mango juice!I was alone in the city and desperately craving some Indian food. This place had me at the words "$10 Indian dinner buffet". For $10, it's a pretty good feed with all the Indian standards, naan, a salad bar, and a dessert. I tried a little bit of everything and had no complaints. The food was seasoned well, tasted fresh, and each buffet tray was well-stocked. I particularly loved the goat curry (lovely flavor, plus goat at a $10 buffet? !) and the chicken tikka masala (really tender, juicy chicken). No frills, no fuss. Just an honest-to-goodness tasty Indian meal at a great price. 
The service is less attentive than I'm used to at Indian restaurants, which I didn't mind at all. The place quickly filled up with students at dinnertime, and it's clear this place is very popular. Seems like they're doing everything right. I'll be back next time I'm in Philly!Went here for dinner last Friday. For $10.99 you get to enjoy all you can eat dinner buffet with free mango juice and dessert which isn't bad at all. I don't know if the food is consider authentic Indian food but I would definitely recommend people to give this place a try if you want some good Indian food. Parking is metered parking which if you go during weeknight shouldn't be an issue looking for parking.Yelpers do it again! On your recommendation, we ate here last week. The food was so flavorful but not hot spicy (I personally like hot spicy though!) we got parking right in front and paid $2 for one hour...we were out in plenty of time. Good value and great taste!  Atmosphere was OK. It was clean. It's not romantic or anything like that...it's buffet.  If you like Indian food, definitely give it a try!Sitar is the BEST Indian buffet in Philadelphia. The selection of food is great for vegetarians and meat-eaters. They are always make sure everything is full on the buffet and hot. The only negative might be the service, as they could be friendlier, but the food makes up for it!For a dollar or two less, I could do without the free canned/boxed mango juice...
Either way, the food is delicious! For a $11 buffet dinner (after you get the 5% discount for paying in cash + the student discount), the food is actually quite good. Authentic as curry in London? Maybe not. But it TOTALLY hits the spot. Much better than many places I've been too.
Decent selection. Dessert sucks, but I don't go there for dessert. Dosas, saag paneer, and korma were all good.
Don't order off the regular menu though.Lunch buffet! Plenty of food, ohmygoodness samosas, very cheap for the giant spread they have. Plenty of naan, curries, etc. They've got a lot a lot of vegetarian dishes as well, which I'm thankful for. Staff is very nice. You even get a discount for paying in cash! Can you believe that?
So! Solid four stars for having good range of stuff in buffet with really good samosas, prompt staff, cheap prices. Minus one star for being incredibly dark in there, and having the most creepy painting in the world on the wall by the entrance (it appears to be Death, wearing a cloak).One of the more well-known Indian buffets on Penn's campus, Sitar is extremely popular with students, and you can expect this place to be incredibly packed during their peak hours.
Sitar's buffet is small and tucks away perfectly into a tiny corner of the restaurant, but it still manages to offer a pretty decent selection of traditional Indian dishes. The quality of the food is nothing phenomenal, but from a non-Indian's perspective, it's still pretty good. During lunch hours, they usually have chai tea on tap, which I love. I usually sit for an extra 10 minutes after finishing my meal just to drink more chai.
The best part about Sitar is the price. Students get a discount, so the lunch buffet only costs around $8.  For poor college students, that's a great price for an all-you-can-eat meal!
I've never ordered anything off of the menu here, but I don't really see why you would when the buffet is such a great deal.
Overall, decent food. Fantastic price. I would definitely recommend Sitar to everyone in University City.Go when you are starving, because you will definately fill up at Sitar India.  Loud, often crowded with families and students, it is definately my favorite Indian buffet in university city (preferred over New Delhi and Tandor Kitchen) with  yummy channa masala, and carrot halvah,as well as other buffet standards.  They do have an a la carte menu, but i've never used it, and never seen anyone else use it either. Students get a discount.All you can eat dinner with the student discount comes out to $14.69. They also have a stamp card available where if you come here 10 times, you get a free meal. I prefer this place over New Delhi. It's a bit smaller, but I feel like the overall quality of the food is better.  Love the eggplant and lamb curry. The chutneys (especially the mint chutney) are super good. They have mango juice, and tend to alternate between rice pudding and fruit cocktail for dessert. Sitar also offers a few imported Indian beers (Taj Mahal, Kingfisher...). Be prepared to feel bloated and like crap when you're done.This is a great Indian restaurant.  It is very small and not so pretty, but what it lacks in appearance, it makes up for in buffet!  While I have only done their buffet, it was fabulous food at a fabulous price.   I cannot tell you exactly what I was eating, but it was fantastic. While admittedly,  I am the type of person who will ultimately try anything, it was all very enjoyable.The food was good. Plenty of choices for vegetarians. The dessert is mainly Indian so some people may not be interested. Fairly fast service and polite wait staff. I come from an area with a dense Asian population, so I was pleasantly surprised by the quality. The food was surprisingly good.Best Indian buffet around UPenn/University City area! They always have a good and varied selection for vegetarians and vegans.  The buffet section is not that big, but the food is always really good.  Plus they offer student discount! An additional discount if you pay for cash!Best Indian food on Penn's campus. This place is way better than New Delhi. The variety in the buffet here is a huge plus. There are a lot more different things to try, and they actually change things up every time I go. They have mango juice on tap for dinner and even desserts as part of their buffet! There used to be chai tea on tap, but I'm not sure if they got rid of that or if it's only served during lunch. My favorite food items are the chicken tikka masala, the fried bread, and the chutneys (tamarind, mint, and mango--YUM!). Meat is typically dry, but the sauces dousing the meats are flavorful and make up for the dryness. 
I would not recommend ordering from the menu. The buffet is spectacular and pretty cheap. If you show a student discount and pay with cash, you get further discounts. This place is also BYOB.We heard a lot of good things about this restaurant from university students and decided to give it a try. Was very glad we did. I must say, the atmosphere is a little crowded and compact for a buffet, but the food is top-notch at a decent price. One thing I especially liked was the amount of vegetarian options available. There was food ranging from North to South India--chat, idli, samosas, batura, and of course, chicken curry. Deserts and chai spice tea were good as well at no additional cost. If you like Indian food, you have to check this place out. Service is fast and friendly. Will definitely be coming back soon!Great indian restaurant. Good service and and ambience. Buffet is excellent. Roti and mixed lentil dal is the best combination and it tastes awesome. My wife also liked orange chicken very much. Appears little crowded. Will come back again.I've been there before with my buddy at dinner time. He was so thrilled about that, so he dragged me over, but I couldn't remember anything.
Then I went there this Monday lunch time with my wife. I was planning to have a fasting to clean up my system starting from Sunday, I was so hungary. 
First sight, I felt that is too small, much smailer than New Dehli on Chestnut st. But the truth is it is not that small, it's just concentrated in that corner. 
They have white rice, goat, lamb, tofu, chicken. AND the best is they have the CHAI. Pretty much like milk tea, but definitely different. 
I had three plates then I just can't have more. 
It was so nice.Buffet has never been this good! I can only imagine their a la carte menu items.
Alex and I went here at the recommendation from an Uber driver. As recent transplants to Philadelphia, coming from Cincinnati where there are many good Indian places, we have been looking for a new mainstay. This will certainly be high on our list!
I'll start by saying I have serious skepticism about buffets, particularly Indian ones. I have had some very meh experiences in the past. Usually the food is not even warm or the spice level is so minimal I feel like I'm drinking straight cream. Here is not the case! 
The selection of food items is relatively small compared to other places, but the food is (mostly) hot and savory. (The only thing I had that could have been warmer was the chana.) I started by making myself some chana masala over a samosa. Next round, I tried the mixed dal, chicken tikka masala, Tandoori chicken, and dahi aloo. The mixed dal is best with rice. The chicken dishes were very good--moist Tandoori chicken and the tikka masala subzi was unlike most I have had, but in a good way. The dahi aloo stole the show along with the great halwa. I mixed the the halwa with the kheer and it was surprisingly good. 
Next time: I might try something a la carte to see if my suspicions are correct. 
Sidebar: You can even take a to-go container from the buffet for the same $13.95 price. Most to-go options I have seen from a buffet weigh your dish, so this might be a good deal for some!Not-so-good:
Hot pickles are rarely available as part of buffet
Service is a bit slow and somewhat intruding at times
Good:
Best Indian buffet in Philly (the Chana Masala is terrific!)
Seating always available
10% student discount!I love this place, but due to the buffet style service I find I generally overeat! Inexpensive Indian food at its best.  The chili chicken, samosas, and saag paneer are all dynamite, with several spicy eggplant or chickpea dishes and spiced rice to fill out your plate.  Sometimes they have chicken wings which are awesome and for dessert the Gulab jamon and rice pudding are delicious if overly sweet.  I will keep coming back here for lunch as the price is right and the food is good.  Come early as there is generally a wait at lunchtime!I forgive them for their service because their chicken tikka masala is perfect for me.  Also, the mere fact that they are a lunch/dinner buffet and just two blocks from my campus makes them an automatic local-favorite (and 4 stars).
I am no connoisseur of Indian cuisine, so this place serves me just fine.Fan of this place! Been here more than 5 times and never disappointed. Affordable, delicious Indian food. I love there curry with "Indian tofu", it's sooo good! The staff is welcoming and friendly. It's a popular spot in this neighborhood so be prepared to wait for couple of minutes in rush hours.I ate here on Sunday 31-Aug and I really liked it. I had the dinner buffet to sample their cooking styles. Overall the food was good  with well balanced flavors of the ingredients and spices. The samosas were perfect. The makhani chicken was sweet with a subtle tomato taste with some really tender chicken. Their chick pea masala was simple but spicy and well seasoned. The rest of the food was good. However, the naans werent too good (probably because they were left on the buffet) and the tandoori chicken wasn't very good either. The interior is plain but clean. For the price and the quality, I would definitely go backGood food. The curries taste great and can be made spicy upon request. Go for Chicken tikka masala, achari chicken, vindaloo dishes. The mango lassi is amazing. Buffet is totally worth it. The staff need to know more about the dishes.this is certainly not fancy-pants indian food. i haven't found the presentation to be as nice as that at the indian restaurant on south st; however, don't be deceived by appearances, sitar's food is solid. i LOVE their saag paneer; i could eat my body weight in the stuff. i've had some other dishes, and while they're good, i'd stick with the saag paneer. 
nota bene: the rice pudding is entirely too sweet. i thought my teeth would fall out while eating it so it wasn't a pleasant ending to my meal.Excellent Indian buffet. I think it's well worth the price. Amazing tandoori chicken, naan and paneer. I think about it all the time, and I will certainly be back soon! Good stuffBusy Friday night, but fresh delicious Indian food buffet style.  Line was out the door when we got there and there is not really a place to wait inside without hovering over people's tables (which happened to us - i did not approve...).  It's a small buffet with limited dishes, but it moved pretty quickly with dishes being refreshed/replenished fairly fast.  Student discount - 10% off.First off: always ask for the 10% student discount! Don't let them charge you extra! Second off: mango juice! Finally: lunch special!
FOOD: 5/5
I come here to shamelessly eat my soul away. Whether if it's right after starving myself for 24 hours straight while studying for an exam and then coming here to comfort my soul, or simply just that I have a craving for Indian cuisine every so often, this place is great! Every single type of curry, every single type of meat, every single type of rice is delicious. The nan is great too. Most importantly, unlimited rice pudding and mango juice! So delicious. The lunch special is such a bargain for under $10, and I promise you that this place is the restaurant to go if you want to make sure your stomach doesn't growl for another 24+ hour. 
SERVICE: 4/5
Limited service since it's a buffet, but the food never seems to be depleted, and the staff changes plates fairly often. The cashier is not always the nicest. Oh, and this place is a BYOB, so make a group reservation if you want to avoid the trek to Center City
AMBIANCE: 3/5
Small, cramped, difficult to find tables. It's often quite rowdy because it's always packed during peak hours. The aisles are pretty narrow and hard to navigate.
One Sentence Wrap-up:
Come here for the food and value, go to New Delhi two blocks away for the atmosphere, and avoid Tandoor!Great lunch buffet, and gluten free & vegan friendly! Everything labeled on the buffet.Haven't been here in about six months. Always get a great meal here.The vegetarian options and the whole buffet seemed to have been expanded since my last visit. Food was a bit heavier(oily) than I remember,(not a terrible thing) and the spice(heat) level has definitely  been kicked up a few notches( a great thing!)
As always the samosas, chutneys, naan, and some other type of puffy triangular fried bread(can't remember name) were great accompaniments. The mattar paneer, chana masala, and the two veg curries I had were very tasty. Didn't try chicken(ususally disappointing here) 'cept for the wings which were O.K.Some kind of soy nuggets were a bit nasty.
Some dessert(wheat halva; not bad, mine is better;) and some masala tea and I left satisfied; full and wanting to come back again soon. A great value for lunch. I ate 5 hours ago and still am not hungry.Got there about an hour before closing and there was still fresh hot food and naan being brought out to the buffet.  $11.95 for all you can eat (and all the mango juice you can drink) is a great deal made better by the variety and quality of the dishes out there!
Nothing was yucky, a couple things were forgettable, chicken tikka masala was standard.  But channa masala and tandoori chicken drumsticks were fantastic, and there were some kind of chicken wings that were lovely as well.  Vegetable samosas were huge and packed full.
Chutneys (we tried mango/mint/onion) were good too!
This place is a winner!  Bring your student ID for discount!A solid Indian buffet. My only complaint is that there isn't as much variety as I'd like there to be. For example, I'm a HUGE paneer fan and there only is ever the palak paneer (paneer with spinach) dish in the buffet menu. Would love to see shahi paneer or paneer masala, for example.
The naans are usually tasty-- can sometimes be too oily or a little on the harder side, but the inconsistencies are marginal.
Good value for the price, definitely! Give it a try.i try to go back to sitar every time i'm back in philly. i personally prefer it over new delhi a few blocks away and do appreciate the consistency in food at sitar. 
the variety is great - not overwhelming but enough to try different stuff. my personal faves (chicken tikka and saag paneer) are almost always there, so i appreciate the consistency for that. i also like that they have goat as well as the giant silver tray of sizzling chick peas. all the food tastes very good and the waiters are good about clearing dirty plates as soon as you're done. 
as others have mentioned, chai and mango lassi (lunch/dinner respectively) are delicious!  
i think price is great for the quality (and obviously quantity, since it's a buffet) of food that you get. i always leave here feeling like i'm going to explode from fullness - probably not a good thing, but yolo...
i've never ordered off the normal menu but love the buffet so much that i doubt i ever will. haha.I was used to eating at really good Indian places back home and thought I would never find a place as good as the restaurant in NY, but Sitar is pretty damn good. I feel like it's a great value for the price. 
When I'm too lazy to cook, I come here to get a takeout box for ~$12.00. You can load it up with what you want from the buffet. They provide you aluminum foil wrapping for naan as well. (Show you student ID and get a discount!)
Additionally, if you order from their menu, they have courses freshly made at much higher quality than what they serve at the buffet (for a higher price). 
I especially love their paneer Tikka Masala, the different naans you can order, and their biryani. It's a lot of food, and I'm always left super satisfied! Totally recommWent here for an early dinner. Decided to go with buffet, but after we had already started, we realized that they would not serve fresh naan. This is quite disappointing. The naan was cold and hard and not at all fresh.  When our older parents (who were having trouble breaking off and chewing the naan) told the server (young Punjabi fellow) that the naan was cold and hard, he rudely said "buffet is buffet, what do you expect, the naan for the buffet are cooked earlier. If you want fresh naan, order it!'  Seriously? Does that mean that if we choose to eat from the buffet, we should expect and are getting old and stale food? That is a problem!  It does not matter if you are paying $10 or $15 for buffet, I expect freshly cooked everything every-time!  The 'pakoda kadhi' in the buffet also did not have any more pakodas in it, so when we asked the server if they were going to replenish, he came back with some pakodas in a dish, added just about 5 or 6 pieces to the entire platter in the buffet and took the rest back. I don't know why he would do that... :-)   
We also ordered some items from the menu, one of which was the mixed tandoori grill ($14.50) and it was to include a number of items including chicken, shrimp and fish.  The shrimp and fish seemed fresh, but the chicken items were not and it was quite obvious. The chicken was hard and dry as if it was cooked the day before, or it was cooked earlier, frozen, and then recooked to be served again. This is unacceptable!
Sitar was so much better than New Delhi, but now it seems to be going in that same direction...  The buffet prices have gone up and quality is starting go down 'again', and so is the service.  If I am going to get stale food, along with an attitude from the servers, I will just go somewhere else.  The manager (who may not know all this) seems to be very nice, but when he is not there, the rest seem to play...The food is your standard India cuisine and they do it well. Would've given them a 5 but they didn't take our drink order.The website said it closes at 10.30pm. We were here at 9.40pm. And the waiter said sorry we are closed. There were ppl eating. He said do you want pick up? We requested no we want fine dining and will be done quickly. And then he said actually no food. And initially he said pick up is fine. We all were very disappointed. Either fix the website timings or don't make people drive 100 miles for a unfriendly restaurant.I'm a little disappointed the server did not tell us Mango juice was included in the buffet price as previous reviewers have written about. MY BAD for not doing my homework on a busy, move in day at PENN, Saturday night. With that said, I had  coupon so we saved 15% so I am happy. They also offer student discounts to take advantage!
Wonderful place to enjoy a buffet. It was loaded with all the staples and all were enjoyable. I love it all. Can't say a bad word about it. 2 people had a tasty, well stocked buffet for 11.99 apiece minus 15 %. We left there barely able to walk we were so full. 
Inside is pretty and the clientele is a richly diverse. A very nice city dining experience.Sitar has been my go-to Indian place for years.  The buffet is consistently delicious.  The salad bar/chutney (especially mint chutney!) section lends a balance to the heavier, creamier, spicier, heartier entrees in the hot section.  They have a huge selection of various vegetarian items each night, I just have to try them all. 
That leads to the only problem here, which is my potential to eat to the point incapacitation. After walking it off for a few blocks, however, I usually feel ready to do it all again.The buffet here is an amazing bang for your buck. Come with an empty stomach, for sure! It's not the freshest tasting food around and I've definitely had Indian that was more spicy. That being said, you're getting an incredible deal. The atmosphere is nice and the service has always been very polite.I love this restaurant.  I don't even know what I'm eating sometimes since I just blindly load up my plate, but I sure do enjoy it.  The buffet is a bit small, but as long as you aren't looking for something specific and you aren't some kind of food snob, you'll be very satisfied.
The restaurant is great for conversation, as it's not too loud and the tables aren't practically on top of one another.  I very much consider Sitar a treat for a fun dinner with friends.
Bring cash for a 5% discount, or (and?) show a student ID for a 10% discount!This was my favorite place to go for dinner when I worked at Penn several years ago. My friends and I usually went just for the buffet and it was always delicious. I like too that they give you mango juice to go with your dinner and their dessert offerings are always fabulous. 
I still like this place and try to get there when I can.They recently re-did the entrance and the atmosphere is a LOT nicer as a result. The good: the buffet is a fabulous deal. Their chicken biryani, often on the buffet, is some of the best I've had in the US. The goat curry is sumptuous. Love the included chai at lunch and mango juice at dinner. The less good: Their tandoori chicken is very disappointing. It's usually dry and not very flavorful. Minar Palace in town is much better for this particular dish. Considering so many people associate that dish with Indian cuisine, they really ought to step up their game there.
The staff are always friendly and keep the food fresh. I'm glad I live so close!My to go spot for authentic Indian food! My friend (Simcha) put me on back in college and I have been hooked ever since. Great variety of food and their quality has always been consistent throughout the years. I've tried out some of the other Indian buffets around and this one reigns supreme. All of the sauces are rich in flavor and spices with no expense spared. The college discount deal is also great if you're a starving college student - wait, that's all college students...Great buffet. What shines is their mango juice as a part of their buffet. For $11.95, the price can't be beat, especially when a la carte menu items average at $9.95. The green spinach "goop" (as we called it) was delicious and they had a great dessert selection. My only disliking was their flat, dried our naan. I felt like their meat was a bit dry so unfortunately their chicken tikka masala was not the best I've had. However, I would definitely come back here again.I have dined at Indian buffets for lunch at Palace at the Ben, Mumbai Bistro, and more recently, Sitar India Restaurant. I have to agree with one of the Yelpers when they say Sitar has the best buffet in the city of Philadelphia. Well in my case in my case, thus far. 
I am glad my coworkers and I arrived early because this place became crowded and people were patrons were lining up outside. It would have been a travesty if we had to wait forever, or didn't have access to that goat curry, chili chicken, and the other appetizing items at the buffet. I need to get back here when I don't have to get back to work or have plans in the city so that I could eat myself into a stupor.Went in for their lunch buffet and was really impressed! Wide selection of dishes - both vegetarian and nonvegetarian. It's just something about their food that tastes authentic. Price is reasonable too. Lots of people there during lunch time so be prepared to wait a little bit but I think it's worth the wait.From a student's point of view, there's not much to fault with a sub-10$ buffet.  It gets the requisite meal out of the way and still leaves your wallet feeling good.
However, Sitar India, from the point of view of an ethnic, completely falls apart and makes you wonder what kind of food people try to pass off as "Indian" food these days.  I'm not saying that I'm expecting this to be up to part with the Dawats and Madhur Jaffrey restaurants from NYC, but please at least make some decent food!
Every time you go, the same oily samosas and chole bhature are there without fail to greet you in the starters zone.  Rarely, assorted pakoras show up to liven the deal.  There does always seem to be tandoori chicken there, although I cannot comment on the taste, being a vegetarian.
On to the main course, you can call it decent at best.  All dishes seem to be prepared from the same (or similar) base sauce, which is very disappointing.  
To the Chef: Indian food isn't all supposed to have the same heavy cream and tomato base!  You are allowed to use other bases!  
That being said, the accompaniment of naan and rice is a welcome change from the regular dining hall food.  Salads don't possess much to be noted; it is just a collection of chopped vegetables.
Desserts vary upon the day you go there; sometimes it's been edible and sometimes it's been very nice... hope your luck is good!
As for my biggest gripe, above and beyond all food issues?  STOP WATERING DOWN THE MANGO JUICE!  There... I said it.  Owners of Sitar, it is very easy to taste this modification to the juice and it really reflects badly on your business practices, so please stop... Thanks!
Students, don't forget to show your PennCard or DragonCard; they won't automatically give the student discount (or rarely do, from my experience)...
All in all, if you're looking for sustenance food, feel free to go here. Also works if you're here for the price, although Cafe Spice Express (17th and Chestnut - Liberty Plaza Mall) is very much in the same price range and the food is much much much better, albeit not buffet.
Good eats!This place is awesome! Cheap, DELICIOUS and lets you do carry out for the buffet without weighing your container of food. We all know going to Kiwi and having your yogurt weighed is the worst thing on the planet. I go to this place constantly and love it.I like this place a bit better than New Delhi because this place has a bit of variety in the entrees they serve. They serve curry dishes that have different textures so it is really nice (and i dont mean the texture of the protein but the actual sauce if that makes sense) because after a while I quickly get tired of eating/tasting and my palate just gets confused with flavors.
And they also give a discount for students with valid id and they serve chai tea which is always a good thing. They also have a spring mix in their salad which is really nice if you dont like lettuce and such.Best Indian buffer I've tried in the area. The chicken in their curries was quite high quality, and the chickpea and vegetable curries were particularly good. The only let-down is the cold, hard naan (and we ate here at 5 pm, so it should have been fresh). If you have a small appetite like me, a better deal is to order from the menu: chana masala ($10) was a HUGE portion and served me for 4 meals. 
They also offer a number of discounts:
Student ID=10% off buffet
Pay with cash=5% off
Loyalty card=1 buffet free after 10I moved out of west Philly years ago and still go out of my way to grab food from here. Best Indian food in the city! Awesome vegetarian options. And super affordable in comparison to most Indian restaurants in the city.TIP: Don't forget to ask for student discounts for buffet prices! 
Great indian food, nice presentation, casual and nice atmosphere, and great service.
Sitar is a staple Indian restaurant in University City. My boyfriend and I came here for their dinner buffet and we tried varying amounts of curries, Tandoori chicken and samosas. They also offered rice pudding, mango juice, and naan as well. The food was nothing super fancy or amazing, but it does make for a great buffet place. Maybe one day I'll come back to try out the regular menu items. 
If you're super hungry and in the mood for some Indian food, I would definitely recommend this place. It's also a BYOB, so you can mix some vodka with their mango juice ;)My favorite Indian food in the city. The food tastes fresh and satisfying. Its a great place to go for fast, cheap, delicious food.Delicious lunch buffet for around $12. Student ID gets you 10% off. Get there early on the weekend, you don't want to be stuck in line.The prices is very suitable and the food was Awesome, Also I like tekka masala chicken or lamb and Bryani rise !This restaurant probably ranks in my top 3 best Indian restaurants... EVER! The food is always good and fresh! Their mango ice cream is a staple, that I order with every meal! That being said, the customer service is subpar, the employees are not accommodating, and getting delivery is always like pulling teeth. If you are "ok" with  pick-up, know exactly what you want, then this spot is for you. If you value customer service, and want delivery, order early, or not at all.Buffet Indian food, the best kind in philly. Literally! Smallish selection, but very good quality. And there is some awesome mango lassi too. Perfect for vegetarians as well as the vegetarian options are delicious and fresh. Coming back today! If it doesn't rain.I was certainly not impressed by this place.  I've had much better Indian food. I ordered take out and while it arrived promptly, it did appear that the food I received was from the buffet table, so I had little tandoori "stains" in my rice which was packaged separately. While it wasn't the worst thing I've ever experienced with take out, it was a little disheartening to learn that my food wasn't fresh.Sitar is as good as it gets in the University City district. I've had both their lunch and dinner buffets, as well as having had delivery--nothing disappoints. Their buffet offers a lot of options, usually with at least five meat dishes, and plenty of vegetarian options and soup. Not only is the food always smoking hot (unlike New Delhi's buffet), but it actually has a bit of spice to it, which many Indian buffets seem to shy away from doing.
For delivery, I ordered the chicken curry (extra spicy!) and vegetable jalfarezi, both of which were delicious and large-sized portions! All of the chicken dishes here feature white meat, another bonus in my eyes! I've had both the Chicken Achari Tikka and Chicken Malai Kaber at their buffets, both of which are hands-down the best chicken I've ever had from an Indian restaurant. I haven't had a single dish at their buffet that I did not like, and for the price, it is well worth it! (Don't forget about the student discount!) 
As far as looks, Sitar is definitely somewhat of a hole-in-the-wall, dim interior kind of establishment. Nevertheless, it seems to do good business, and the noise level in there can get a bit loud. I, however, like the "cozier" feeling of the place. 
Overall, great food for a great price. You won't find better in University City; Sitar surpasses New Delhi by a long shot, at least with the quality and quantity of their buffet options.Really Cheap Indian buffet! 
I went to eat here with friends. 
Lunch + Student discount + paying with cash, it came out to be $9.25! 
For the price and unlimited food it was a great lunch. 
However the chicken was very dry, and some of the dishes were not hot, if at best lukewarm. We did go at 3PM but I would expect them to still be hot, especially since they were still turning over/refilling the dishes. 
There was a decent amount of choices and for the price it was satisfying but I wish there were more arm room and better labels for the dishes I was trying. They do mark what is vegetarian and gluten-free, but I wish there were a better way to mark the ingredients for certain dishes. 
I would give this a 4/5 for my overall experience, but in terms of the food quality, although pretty tasty, I'll choose to be critical.I generally consider myself as someone who doesn't like Indian food at all...but Sitar has a special place in my heart and I am really glad my friend convinced me to try it.
I'm a real wuss when it comes to spicy food, which is why I usually don't like eating at Indian restaurants, but there is still a wide enough variety here so, when I'm feeling brave to venture a new dish, I'm more satisfied than I am coughing and trying to drown myself in water! The chai tea is always nice, too, especially after I'm finished the meal. The atmosphere is also really nice, and even when it's crowded with everyone talking, I've never felt like it was very loud.This place has an awesome buffet!
I've been here twice for dinner and I haven't been disappointed. I came here last year as a meat eater and now I'm a vegetarian. I loved all of their choices and their mango juice is so delicious! 
The Chana masala and lentil curry is amazing. The naan and raita is also a favorite. 
The price is great and you can eat as much as you want! I really enjoyed it.I ate here last night during a conference trip to Philadelphia. My colleagues and I split our efforts between the buffet (which seemed like a winner at abotu $12) and ordering from the menu. I think the people who got the buffet did better overall. I had chicken saag and was disappointed. Everyone else seemed pretty happy so I think it was probably just me. I might go back when I am at UPenn again, but there is definitely better Indian in Philly.
The service was friendly but slow and a bit uneven. Dishes arrived in uneven spurts and we waited a long time for our naan after we had had the rest of our meal.Indian buffet enthusiast at your disposal.
I hold New Delhi's buffet on the pedestal so my review is really in comparison to that.
Sitar was packed at lunch time but we did get a seat. I had decent hopes, assuming that only a quality place would translate to so many patrons.
The Chicken Tikka Masala was the best I've had in a while. Perfect flavor. Not too creamy, not too watery. Just right! Worth the $8-9 fare alone.
Saag Paneer was great as well. I can eat that stuff for days. The Samosas were perfect!
They also had something I've never seen before. I can't remember what it was called but it looked like a Samosa except it was not stuffed with anything. Tasted like a zeppoli. Just fried, sweet dough. Very good desert. 
Definitely a worthy alternative to New Delhi. I would just go to whichever is closer but I definitely am a bit more loyal to New Delhi still.
Enjoy!Disappointing!!!
The "free" Mango juice was watered down as mentioned by other reviewers. Dinner buffet had pretty limited options- and what was available didn't taste like what it should have!
There are several better Indian restaurants in the area in the same price rangeJust tried the Khadai Paneer and Gobi. Both were excellent. The samosa were also good, the delivery was prompt and the rice was fragrant. Great dinner!I have been to Sitar twice for the lunch buffet and it is very good. The dishes are tasty and while it is obviously they aren't extremely healthy, they don't taste overly oily like some other establishments. I particularly enjoy the vegetarian options, but they have plenty of meat options as well. This is a good go-to spot for ample food for less than $10. But expect a pretty bad food coma if you have to head back to work!I love Indian food so how come its taken me soooooooooo long to try this restaurant? I've been to new Delhi and Tandoor India several times since moving to Philly. The reason? the friends I would go out for Indian with liked the other two and had a bad experience years ago.
So, this restaurant is a block away from my church, I just had a spontaneous urge to try it instead of going to the movies.
The restaurant itself is very clean. The buffet looks well maintained and stocked:  Plenty of vegetarian selections. The foods I tried Chicken Tikka Masala - nice flavor, spicy, Tandoor Chicken: Zesty and flavorful, Chana Masala - chick peas plump and sauce had nice flavor and spice,  Chana Palak (spinach and chick peas) - flavorful, Papri chaat - good and refreshing, Mulligatawny soup (lentil soup- spicy and flavorful, two types of bread: pleanty of naan and puri and samosa - yum. 
The left side had a pot of chai tea and two desserts (which I did not have as I was full). but it was cool to have a couple of cups of chai tea! 
Will come back and bring one of the friends who had the bad experience  all those years ago.Saturday, 7 March 2015 lunchtime. As usual the place is near capacity but we were pleasantly greeted and seated. Still a big fan of the buffet which is very reasonably priced. My student daughter received a dollar discount off my bill total. WoooHooo.
The buffet is very nicely placed in the back of the restaurant so you never feel like you are in a traffic area no matter where you are seated. Is this the best Indian around Penn? No, BUT there is a nice variety of items on the buffet so you will find something to keep you happy and well fed. And the decor is very pleasant.
Today we lingered over Chai which was available on the buffet and we were not made to feel rushed at all. 
Service is very attentive and pleasant. Worth a drop in while at Penn,Get the buffet- ordering off the menu is a waste of your money unless there's something specific you wanted that's not on the buffet- which is unlikely unless you're too cool for the good stuff. The buffet is same price or cheaper than most of the entrees and you get dessert and mango juice at the buffet. It's fresh stuff because so many people do the buffet so they constantly replace the trays. 
I wish the naan was a little fluffier. It's chewy and makes me sad.Delicious every time we visit Philly! You get some discount when paying by cash and there is a good variety of different dishes to try. All super yummy. It's a buffet so make sure you try everything! :)My favorite of the three University City Indian buffets. Their curries are less watery and thicker than New Dehli's, and there are a lot of vegetarian options.
Sometimes the naan can get a bit dry, go during prime hours to get fresher food.This place is delicious! Being an indian I can def say I know my indian food! I enjoyed this place every time I went. I have to admit their hours are a bit confusing because they have odd hours but Its okay I can work with it for the food. The food here reminds me of home and which college kids doesnt crave that? Def worth a visit :)I've only ever had takeout/delivery. 
And it's delicious! I highly recommend the Chicken Do Piazza (5/5 stars)- it's a tastier and a little more adventurous option for us tikka masala lovers. The dish has definitely become my version of comfort food when I cant stand Chinese takeout anymore. 
I took one star away because well, I've never stepped foot in the place and don't intend to, the locale isn't very inviting from the outside. Also, the garlic naan (3/5 stars) could use some more garlic, and butter, and fluff...I have nothing but excellent things to say about Sitar India.  My friend tipped me off to the magic that is getting takeout at Sitar.  They give you a standard takeout carton with one large section and two smaller sections and rather than charging you by weight they charge you a flat rate (around $11 for dinner buffet and $9 for lunch buffet) for the carton.  I fill that sucker to the brim!  I just went there today and was able to fit numerous types of entrees, 7 samosas, and 4 slices of non in my carton and with a student discount it came down with taxes (and I added a small tip) to only $10.  I then go home and make a side of rice or couscous and have lunch for the week.  Today I was able to get lunch for today and 6 servings of lunch that I freeze to be eaten at work.  The food is always excellent.  I have never had anything I that didn't taste great there, and it even tastes good reheated after being frozen.
In short-GO THERE!The buffet had a lot of options, but the naan was a bit stale. Waitstaff were not as friendly as the ones at New Delhi.One of the Best Indian restaurant in philly... Buffet rate is economical...  Don't miss the lamb curry..I have no clue why this place has been given such good reviews. The food was not tasty, it lacked spices, it was bland. If you want to try indian food avoid this place coz this was not actually indian food. We did the buffet and regretted our decision.Value for price. Especially of you're a college student, you get a discount. Saag paneer, chicken tikka masala, and samosa are my favorites. Great desserts too, and try the mint and onion chutney at the salad bar.I love Indian food, and I have found only a few Indian buffets that can pull it off. This is not one of them. The food is ok, but nothing exceptional, and everything looks the same. I did not think it had enough vegetarian options, and it appeared that chicken was in everything.  On the plus side, we were able to find parking right in front of the building during lunch on a work day; the price is right;  and the renovations make it a little brighter (or at least less cave-like) inside.  It is very difficult to comment on the staff as you come in, sit down, serve yourself, and interact with the staff very briefly when you pay. 
It's ok in a pinch, but you can do much better in this city.Whenever I'm feeling healthy and want to get rid of that feeling, I come to Sitar. I have a tendency to keep indulging in the same choices over and over again, and for that fact, I keep returning to Sitar instead of other Indian buffets. 
I'm a huge fan of Sitar's dark lamb curry and rice biryani. The lamb curry isn't too soupy and doesn't have too many bones in it. The rice biryani has a lot less miscellaneous bones in it than other comparable Indian buffets. On the other hand, I don't love the naan here. But for a buffet, I understand that it's not filled with garlic and diamonds.Only tried this place once or twice and wasn't too impressed. The food was average and the buffet bar was pretty small and cramped. I tried everything, but only stuck with a few food options throughout my meal. Nothing really popped out to me as noteworthy, but it's definitely not bad.Every time I leave this place I need to loosen my belt. Everything is so good that I always end up overeating! Try everything on the buffet. Great food and great price (for the buffet). Its a little cramped in the seating area but other then that I have no complaints.Good value for the Indian buffet. The curries are excellent, nice selection, decent size buffet bar.they have cheap food and cheap quality as well. food has not taste at all not even close to Indian eatery. that unlimited mango juice, you hardly can find mango taste in it...The best out of the three Indian buffets (New Delhi, Tandoor) in University City I think - it gets pretty crowded especially on Saturday nights, but serves a solid variety of Indian food. What distinguishes it out of the three for me is their mango juice (for dinner buffets; they serve chai during lunch hours) - it is a delicious accompaniment to the spicy food. 
It seems to have risen in price gradually, but there is a student discount and a pay by cash discount to counteract that.Pros:
5% discount if pay on cash
Student discount , 3 persons buffet ~41$
Several types flavors and seasoning
Cons: 
Crampy space
Smell can get to your clothes
Limited choice of food
Slow refill(vegetable section)A few months ago a coworker ordered from here and let me have a taste of what she ordered. Needless to say I meant to ask her about it then, but it kind of slipped my mind. On Friday I seen her and got the info. I ordered the Makhani chicken (house special) and Naan bread through grub hub. It arrived a few minutes before the projected time. It was very good. Not to spicy in fact there was a hint of sweetness to it. I didn't use all the rice that came with. They put the rice in a separate container, which I like cause it doesn't force you to eat all the rice. I've seen reviews saying they have a eat in buffet I can't wait till I have time to indulge in it.Really, really great Indian food! Sooo cheap. $9 for lunch. I couldn't believe it. I cannot get enough of the food here! Love the naan~One star for being open later so college kids can hit this up after evening classes. 
One star for the service being really nice and pleasant.
Other than that it was not a remarkable buffet. It had the basics and that was about it.I am a HUGE fan of Indian food and Indian food buffets is probably one of my favorite things in the world. This buffet is awesome! The people who work there are always refreshing the food and ensure that you have a great experience.
My favorite part about this place is that they have a decent salad bar, so I don't feel like a fat load after I eat about 7 pieces of bread and 8 scoops of rice. Seriously, this place has good food.
For dessert, I would say get the rasmalai or the gulab jamun. The gulab jamuns are warm and soaked in honey and it's better than a unicorn singing in your mouthIt's tasty food and unlimited! Nowhere authentic though. Too oily and if you are a regular lunch eater here, you will start getting fat.
Be careful.Buffet is cheap and amazingly delicious.  Worth it for both lunch and dinner.  The best Indian buffet near Penn's campus hands-down.  I can't even eat at New Delhi and Tandoor anymore because Sitar is just that good.My favourite Indian buffet in University City. If you pay in cash and show your student ID, you get another 15% off. Lunch and dinner provide the same fare, but ofc lunch is cheaper. You don't often get buffets for below $10! 
I also love the Chai, and sometimes they have a free flow of mango juice instead. But I am in love with the Chai. I walk by Sitar to work a lot, and even if I'm not eating at Sitar I would sometimes grab the Chai/ Masala Tea to go. It's dessert in a cup, I tell you!I don't go out for Indian food all that much because I don't know which kind to pick from. This is a good place to go to for that because it's buffet style  so you have infinite possibilities! 
I went there at around 3PM and they were still serving lunch, which was $10 so it was really affordable. They had a good selection there. My favorite was definitely the masala options they had. I was a little disappointed by the naan because it was a little harder than I thought. But that might've been because we went at 3PM so it might not have been as fresh. 
Overall, I would definitely go back. The friend that I went with (she's Indian so she had a better opinion of the food than I did) thought it was decent and it's comparable to New Delhi, which is nearby.Its hard to find better Indian food at this price. If you are a fan of this kind of cuisine, then you'd realize its quite a steal. And one would imagine that affects the food quality, but it does not. The food is in fact, very good.  Great vegetarian options as well.
I only wish the food was spicier like the more finer Indian restaurants. But I guess that makes it a great place to take first timers.
Not very big, so I'd recommend going for a weekday lunch when it's not as crowded. Also the design is cafeteria style, it's not meant for people who like to be uber comfy while they eat. Ambiently, it lacks. There is, however, a really great and eerie painting of floating abaya that I couldnt stop staring at.This is the best Indian food restaurant I've ever tried. It's also the most reasonably priced I've ever tried. If you come here for lunch, expect not to pay more than $10 for the buffet.Went here on a friend's recommendation and found it delicious and very reasonably priced. Originally I wanted to go for just the curry, but found that the buffet would work out cheaper and I'd get a variety of dishes to get a feel of the restaurant. This was a better option in my opinion. 
I don't know if they had different items each time but what was available for the lunch buffet to name a few were: Makhani Chicken, Goat Curry, Chicken Tikka, Chicken Vindaloo, Saag Paneer, Sambar Soup, and Naan Bread. I especially liked the Makhani Chicken, it was cooked just right to keep the tenderness of the chicken and the sauce was not too heavy and mixed into the Chicken very well. Although, I'm not a goat person, the goat curry was good too, and my partner had second's and thirds of it. Well worth it considering if you were going to order just that dish alone it would set you back $11.50. The Chicken Tikka, also was tender and flavorful. The Chicken Vindaloo however was a bit on the dry side, I'm guessing it might be because the turnover rate isn't as high, I could be wrong. The soup is similar to other lentil soups, but packs a kick in the end from the spices. 
There were other items there that I didn't touch base on, mainly because I wasn't able to get to it and try it. There were two dessert options, one was the Badam Kheer and the other another type of pudding that I wanted to try but didn't get a chance to because I couldn't fit anymore in. I do want to touch on their tea, which shouted at me to drink 3 cups of, had good finishing notes. I want to say it was the Masala Tea which was Darjeeling tea flavored with Indian spices, cardamom and cinnamon, but I wasn't able to taste the cinnamon - which was good for me, because I'm not a fan of cinnamon to begin with, so this might be a bias tea review. 
I'm glad I went with the buffet option instead because it allowed for me to try all these things out that I normally wouldn't have. Oh, student's get 10% off.gross. not fresh. too much masala. too heavy. I dont know what they put but i was always overwhelmed after having the buffet. Just not good quality Indian food.Very good Indian buffet and very reasonably priced. $10.25 for lunch if you pay in cash (5% discount). The paneer was very good and the chicken tikka masala was excellent. Very moist chicken and a flavorful sauce. Naan and all the basics were great too.This food is horrible. The nan is inedible, the chana masala complete mush, absolutely disgusting. You can tell everything is old on the buffet. Also, the ambiance is awful, it's like eating in a bathroom.Pretty good Indian food and the cost of the buffet is not too bad especially with student discount. Not the best Indian food I have had but I also have high standards as in DC there are many amazing Indian food places.  The variety of the buffet is alright and they have pitchers of mango lassi's available. My friend loves it there but I am not as big of a fan. The place can get pretty busy as it is popular with many college students.The lunch Buffett is 10 bucks. For ten bucks you definitely get the bang for all 10 of your bucks. However, I have had much better Indian food. I guess I am spoiled by all the great Indian restaurants in the Washington, D.C. Area. 
I guess I was constantly comparing this Buffett to the Indian buffets I am used to. 
This restaurant has a smaller selection than I am used to. The buffet station is a tiny section in the back of the restaurant. 
I was pretty disappointed in the food. I was craving Indian food so I was so excited to eat here. But I am not going to lie the food was a bummer. The selection is tiny and they only serves two types of desserts. 
They also serve chai tea which was the one thing I really enjoyed. The tea used the right spices and was not an artificial tea that is usually served in the mainstream.This place is amazing. I went here on Saturday after craving Indian food for the past 2 weeks. It was worth the bike ride from way South Philly in the freezing rain. There was no wait whatsoever (and the place was crowded). There were tons of vegetarian choices, as well as a toppings bar and dessert. We got free mango juice, which was amazing (normall $2.50!). The naan was the best that I've ever had. For both of us, plus tip, it came to around $20, and we stuffed our faces. I ate so much we had to take SEPTA back because I felt like I was going to barf when I was biking.i was raised on a diet of punjabi food and i can affirm that sitar is the best indian buffet around penn. rare is the indian restaurant with paneer entrees in its buffet. those are usually kept away from the buffet so customers cannot gorge themselves endlessly on the relatively expensive item. also, the chole bhature, while not the best-- you have to go to new delhi (the city in india) for those--, are also a very welcome and rare entree regularly served at sitar's buffet. one caveat is that last time i visited i assumed that as a byob i could take my own beer. i guess the 'b' in byob means bottle, not beer for the managers of sitar; one of the waiters came over and told me that i was not allowed to have my beer in the restaurant. other than that mild slight, which was probably my own fault, sitar is a top choice.This review is for a lunch buffet. It was a solid "meh...." I did not really find anything special about Sitar. I was on the Penn campus with my daughter for new student days, and while she was off doing campus activities I searched Yelp for a place to go for lunch. I am always up for Indian food, and so when I saw Sitar and the good reviews I walked over from the campus. It was pretty crowded, but I got a seat after only a short wait. The buffet I would say is pretty typical Indian fare standard to buffets, but unfortunately nothing jumped out as really flavorful, and the chicken in the tikka masala was somewhat tough. I did sample a good number of both main course dishes and side dishes, but as mentioned it was a pretty average experience.Nice place of sitting, food was tasty, lunch buffet is value for money, chat and dahi baray are tasty. 
Just to recommend to improve on goat curry as it doesnt taste good. Rest of all the chicken items were good.Great selection and flavors are full and wonderful too. The pice is right too! About $11 a person for dinner buffet and I nice cozy atmosphere depending on the crowd at the time too. The curried goat is always a go to item if you enjoy good curried goat, tender amd very tasty. The Naan is great and usually everything is kept fully loaded and topped off without delay too. Staff is very kind, courteous and attentive so tipping is a no brainer. It's nice to have an Indian buffet of this quality for a dinner selection since most only offer buffet option at lunch times. These guys have earned my repeat business and will continue too. I'm hungry again for some curried goat now, see you there! NamasteI was disappointed with this place after eating their buffet the first few times, but the place is better if you order off the A la carte menu. They have student discounts as well.While I'm not a fan of buffets, I cannot give up going to this place. They have the best Indian food in this area of University City. They have a full menu as well, but are mostly known for their buffet. They have a flat rate for takeout buffet as well, and even cheaper if you're a student. My favorite dishes here is the chicken tiki masala, samosas and curry goat. Every single time, I get these 3 dishes. During lunch time, it's extremely busy so you might not get a seat right away. Besides that this is a very inexpensive meal and you will leave out wobbling.Everything was delicious and the price point is perfect! I only wish I could have eaten more.I'm surprised people are giving this a 4 or 5. I'm not saying this is a horrible restaurant at all. Far from it! It has good food and good waitstaff. But see, I'm kinda lukewarm with the adjectives here. The food in the buffet sometimes can get stale ( one time my naan was very baked and crispy to the point that I couldn't chew into it), and it is essentially north indian food most of the time. So if you're looking for a wide spread of Indian cuisines, nope, not here (Nowhere in Philly actually). Not much of a buffet selection either, BUT you can get really full off of whatever they have. And dayum, this place can get packed during mealtimes ( a.k.a buffet times), so if you come in a huge group, good luck! Also, because of the large clientele, the waitstaff do get swamped, so don't expect things too fast. Other than that, they obviously have a great business running.  And oh yeah, 10% student discount. What what.Great food for the price 
Not to mention it is tasty and never disappoints me 
They have student discount and loyalty card too .Made a reservation for 10 at this place on New Year's Eve 2014. Did it over the phone. Called AGAIN another day to make ABSOLUTELY SURE they would be open.
Then we all showed up and they were closed.
Not much more to say than that. We went to their main competitor, New Delhi, instead.Why are all the good Indian buffets in the 'burbs? Probably because that's where the Indians live. Too bad for me.
Sitar India is merely average - anyone who thinks this is top notch is just naive. I'm sure you could find something much better near office parks in Conshy, KOP, or Malvern.It took me awhile to write this review, but since I have the opportunity here it goes.  Food great, atmosphere great, bathrooms yep, and service outstanding.  The buffet may not have many items, but the items they have there are pretty good.  It's very reasonable and the food is prepared hot.  Well done, Sitar.  I will visit you when I'm in the need for an Indian cuisine.I went here with my co-workers.. Never again.  This place is disgusting.  The buffet, had many  typical food items, and the food was COLD.  It was just sitting there under heat lamps.  The food was dry and had no flavor.  If you want to order from the menu, the waiter/manager said it would take up to an hr to get to the table.  What kind of restaurant is that.good prices, great food, great service, what more can i say? 
standouts: the tikka, the saag and the turnip!
beast3 stars for food, -1 star for horrible customer service. 
Things to try - 
+vegetable shahi kofta
+vegetable jalfrezi 
+onion kulcha 
Things to not do- 
+Do NOT order online (delivery.com is their supposed delivery provider) - both times I ordered, I called Sitar to see where my order was and both times they claimed they didn't get it. Instead of offering to expedite my order at that point (after I canceled my order on delivery.com / telling me why they never got my order), the manager gave me tonsss of attitude and sass. He continually claimed this was in no way his fault (is delivery.com not your partner...?) and that he didn't get many orders from delivery.com as it was, so this isn't a high priority issue (really?). He then promised the dinner to arrive in the standard 45-60 minute slot, which it did, but my bad experience with him and disastrous hunger overshadowed the otherwise good meal. 
Will not be ordering from here again, out of principle. Tons of other good Indian restaurants to order from.I really like Sitar.  I've been several times over the past two years and they never disappoint.  Their pricing is good and they have a student discount.  Generally I prefer ordering the lamb tikka masala medium spicy with a side of naan and taking it home (this lasts for at least 2 and sometimes 3 meals).  More recently we've been doing the buffet bc the boyfriend prefers it and its good.  Its just never AS good as when they make it the way you want :)  The mango juice is good but they arent very good at clearing plates when you go up for a second (or third) round of food.  
I accidentally ordered from New Delhi once early on in my Indian food ordering days, and it really wasn't the same.  I'm pretty particular about my lamb tikka so maybe I just had different expectations, but I haven't returned there.Typical buffet food. I've had better. What do you expect when food is made in large quantities and only replenished every hr pr so??? Next time I will stick with the menu.Sitar consistently delivers! This was the first place I ever had Indian food when I transplanted from Texas and I've been continuously going back. Its hard for me to go in a straight line around the buffet because I'm fleeting from one thing to the next. Everything is so damn good. The customer service is phenomenal. Even when it's packed everyone is waited upon in a timely manner, dishes are cleared and water glasses are full. The servers are very good at check backs. I can't think of one negative thing to say about this place. Sitar is my measuring stick for Indian food.It's all about "meh" for this West Philly Indian joint.  It's not that Sitar is so terrible, I mean, as Yelp says, two stars is AT LEAST "meh," it's just that if I'm going to splurge on Indian buffet, I want it to be worth the calories.
From the buffet, the mattar mushrooms, saag paneer, and chicken dosas were decent.  The free mango juice was also a pleasant suprise.  
We did order chicken vindaloo off the menu, and it wasn't nearly spicy enough.  I was underwhelmed, and had that "uncomfortably full from greasy food" feeling by the end.  
I've heard good things about New Dehli, so I'm stoked to see how that buffet compares to Sitar.  But for now, when I want Indian, I have Tiffin on speed dial.I'm about to kick it right straight here, so if you can't handle the truth you better close your web browser, sell your phone, and use the cash to buy a one way ticket to the hills of culinary inferiority. 
Sitar is not a restaurant, it is an experience. From the moment you walk in, you feel it in your bones like a good kind of osteoporosis. The delectable smells slide into your nostrils like a bat out of heaven, and the ambience drowns you quicker than that big boat that sunk in the 1997 hit drama/disaster film Titanic. The waiter, a cultured man with a taste for hip hop, borrows a line from Kendrick, suggesting that you "sit down." He fills your cup with ice water, but don't be fooled. The water is a formality. The real goods - - chai and mango juice - - await you at the buffet.
You make your way past the tables to the buffet, pulling a warm plate off the top of the stack, ready to go to war. I remind the humble reader that war is no children's game, no fairytale, no romantic affair ripe with cheeky optimism and redemption. War is hell. I offer here one final chance to take the opt out posed in the first paragraph.
But you, reader, are on the quest for the riches that are North India's finest cuisine, and for that you will be handsomely rewarded. Basmati hot and moist, eager to slurp up the runaway sauces of the finest chicken tikka masala. Naan so soft you wonder how the Gods ever let it out of their grasp. Vegetable dishes that will turn even the most aggressive carnivore to a more peaceful and sustainable way of life. And the paneer, Gods be good, the paneer! Should I be allowed to taste something so flawless in texture and delectable in flavor ever again, would I be remiss to not spend the remainder of my life spreading the word of this cuisine so that others may metaphorically bathe in this Aqua de Vida. Plate after plate I wallow in sorrow as I remember I am only a man, and that my stomach shares not the enthusiasm of my taste buds. Alas I surrender and accept a punch on my loyalty card as a mark of defeat, but a promise to one day return. 
Of the Big Three (sitar, etka/tandoor, new delhi), Sitar takes a page out of Shiva's book and destroys the competition. Ignore the address listed on the business's web page, you'll find Sitar at the intersection of 38th St and Value Town. Come hungry, brave explorer. Greatness awaits. 
Edit: a previous version of this review contained the following remark, verbatim:
"Also it would be cool if they had gulab jamun." 
Today, the dessert option was in fact gulab jamun. I redact this statement and apologize for the amateur mistake.The Indian buffets people are used to must be really, really horrible if you think this is a good buffet. It's ok - just barely. The naan is decent but the curries are basically flavour-less. I guess it's good if you don't care what you food tastes like, but just want a lot of it.A staple of University City dining, Sitar is one of the best everyday Indian buffets in the area. The food is simple but consistent, and there is just enough variety to keep things interesting. The selection usually includes several types of curries, Tandoori chicken, cheese, and usually samosas and a biryani as well. Lamb is usually also on the menu. Nothing fancy, and I'm sure you can find places in town that make these individual entrees better, but for a buffet it is pretty good.
Particularly good here are the desserts and drinks. The mango juice is always refreshing, and various puddings offered are always well-executed. I like the salad bar also--it's nothing too fancy, but there are always at least two types of lettuce, cucumbers, and oranges. As with the hot food, the salad here is prepared with a type of precision and consistency that is Sitar's trademark.
Very affordable-- dinner can be had for around $11-12, and lunch for under $10. Student discounts are available, and credit cards accepted.This is my all time favorite indian buffet! I basically live at indian buffets and frequent them 1 to 2 times a week in addition to ordering take out. I have tried several in the city and this is my staple that I always go to! I've tried karma, palace at the Ben, New Delhi, ekta, tiffin, San samosa, tandoor, etc and this is my favorite! Their food is so flavorful and Authentic and they have some dishes that I don't see at the other buffets. The only thing I don't like is that they don't make fresh naan and bring it to your table like karma does. They have great prices and offer student discounts! Yum, I wanna go here right now!Came to Sitar for their ten dollar lunch buffet on a Monday. Place was almost completely empty when I got there around 11:20am, but it filled up to capacity (with a wait outside!) by the time I left an hour later. 
Food wise, I think I like this more than New Delhi. For a ten-dollar Indian food place, I base this mostly on the fact that I feel less gross after Sitar than I do after New Delhi. I"m not picky at all about service/restaurant vibe/classiness, and Sitar doesn't really move the needle in any direction. It's perfectly fine, the waitstaff were perfectly nice and attentive. No complaints.
Now, the buffet: things were hot, it tasted good, and it didn't make me feel bad. Mostly North Indian fare. I thought the naan was a little bit soggy, but the parathas were delicious and more than made up for that. Lots of veggie options, and your standard meat options (tikka masala/chili chicken/tandoori chicken) are there as well. There's a salad bar, though it looks pretty basic and I gave it a wide berth. Nice that the lunch time meal comes with all you can drink self-service chai (very sweet), and I hear rumors that there are lassis during the dinner buffet. All in all, I can't complain. I paid little money for like 5 plates of food + dessert. I count that as a win.  
Also make sure to do the 10% (I think?) student ID discount, and there's also a 5% off if you pay with cash.This is a fun little buffet In the city I really loved the chicken tikka Marsala the rice was excellent and so was the goat. Good vegetarian options. Across the street from two lovely churches.The all-you-can-eat buffet is good, but the sneeze guard was really dirty (as was most of the restaurant).  It was a nice touch to get a free glass of juice with the meal and the student discount was a pleasant surprise at the end.  Not bad, but not good enough to go back.LOVE - my fav Indian on campus!!! They are getting better and better. The price is great and the food is delicious. Love their goat and veg curry - the taste is awesome!I'm Indian and a student.
And therefore, this place's lunch buffet is the best in terms of how much you pay (with student discount of course!) and what you get.
Granted their buffet items remain the same - and you might get bored of it. But it's good 'almost-home-like' food.They serve really good chai also - you don't find it that often around Penn! Their idlis are a hit and miss. The first time, I went, they were hard and cold. Some other times, they were fresh and perefectly just soft to sink you teeth into.
Always a good place to go when you're super hungry and want to hog!My brown friends consider Sitar mediocre but I don't care...I love Indian food.I'm an "All You Can Eat Indian Lunch Buffet" frequenter and snob, having indulged myself for years in the Bay Area.  This is one of the best that I've tasted. In particular, the Saag Paneer (always my litmus) was excellent. At $7.99 the price was very reasonable.  The environment is cozy and the presentation of the food is immaculate.  I strongly prefer this to New Delhi, where I had dined at lunch two days prior.We were next door for the School of Rock show and came here afterwards on a whim. I am SO glad we did, because the buffet was delightful. Fresh, lots of variety (meat and gluten free for me and no problem there!) and the service was speedy as far as removing dirty plates. 10% off with college ID. Bill was around $24 with that discount for 2 people, just water to drink. Worth it!The food here is delicious. That being said, if I didn't have a buy one get one free coupon and if it wasn't byob, I would have probably left feeling a bit dissatisfied. The reason being; the service for people not doing the buffet is terrible. 
My friend and I came here one week night around 6:30 and it was pretty empty, so we were seated and immediately given water. We were given menus and a bottle opener. This is the first byo I've ever been to that just places the bottle opener on the table, fully expecting you to open it. We did, but I was still surprised. It then took them 15 minutes to get back to us for our order. After we ordered it immediately began filling up. A huge group of college kids came in and the waitress politely asked if we could move so they could use the table for the group. We had no problem with that. 
It took a good 30-45 mins for our food to come. And during that wait it was a struggle just getting someone's attention to find out what was going on with the food. This is definitely another place that because I was drinking, I was mellow and willing to wait. But, when the food did come it was delicious. And that is why I give this place 4 stars. That food was stellar. 
The place was full around 7-7:30 and almost everyone but us was using the buffet. So I'm guessing that the buffet is just as good as the menu items, which definitely means I'll be back. We got the garlic naan, which was good, but a bit expensive with 4 pieces for $3.50. My friend and I shared the chicken tikka masala and the sitar special tandoori mix. Delicious, delicious, delicious. 
I'll definitely come back for either the menu or the buffet. I can deal with the crappy service as long as the food remains stellar.I was thoroughly impressed with this spot. When I first heard Indian buffet, I had reservations as I had never been to one. But this place was amazing. They offer many different options while maintaining high quality food. It does get busy, so I would call ahead for large crowds. Also in Wednesday's they have 1.95 beers. I would go out of my way to come back here.5 worthy stars, for 9.95 for buffet, Masala tea, better than we have in South Jersey, goat curry wasn't salty like some places, just seasoned right, new fave - paprichaat, the only thing that I guess I didn't prefer was bathura which was little thick for my taste and used to having slimmer naan. All in all, 2 heavy plates of goodness!!  I also like the fact they leave a pitcher for patrons who do drink a little more water, in the words of Arnold "I'll be back".  Cuz I didn't have enough room for the paneer  grrrWe went here for lunch on a Friday and it was packed. There was a wait, but the wait wasn't too long, so we were pleasantly surprised.
Definitely worth the trek into West Philly. Best channa masala I've had in a very long time--perfect texture & perfect amount of spiciness. I like that they keep a pitcher of water on the table--such a great strategy in a restaurant full of spicy food.
There were 3-4 vegan options at the buffet, I enjoyed them all. I'd definitely go to Sitar again.This is my favorite Indian restaurant west of the Schuylkill, and I'd call it a tie with Cafe Spice, although that's an unfair comparison. Sitar doesn't aspire to be a hip, upscale restaurant with DJs and cocktails. The focus is on delicious dishes and prompt service.
Sitar India isn't much to look at. That's OK. Their food is excellent, with a great buffet, very attentive servers, complimentary mango juice and they recently started serving beer. The place is always nearly full but it's never hard to get a table. They've got the best samosas, channa masala and navratan korma I've had, hands-down. Other rotating dishes in the buffet also hit the mark, except for the fried chicken wings, but that's not what you're there for anyway. 
New Delhi ain't bad, but if you're in the area, Sitar is the better bet. I've had friends say the same thing. My girlfriend considers Sitar India a paradise for vegetarians, so there you have it. Plus, their delivery for lunch is fast. What's not to love here? Highly recommended.HORRIBLE FOOD AND SERVICE. The buffet has no veggies only stale meat. Then I tried to order for delivery and they don't seem to understand english.This is my favorite Indian buffet in Philadelphia. The food is packed with flavor and always fresh. I like that they rotate what's on the buffet. I've been here several times and there is always something new on the buffet I have yet to try. Their saag paneer is delicious. I also love their chana masala! It's actually spicy unlike some places which dull down their spice level for buffets. With their student/ paying cash discount, this place is an awesome deal!This place has improved dramatically over the past few years, and has gone from my least favorite Indian food joint to my top choice.  They have exceptional variety in the buffet and the food is delicious.  My relatives, who were raised in India and are usually unimpressed by Indian buffets, were genuinely pleased and wowed by the food at Sitar.  They also relished the Masala Chai.This is my Indian Buffet of choice in the Philly Metro area.  I think this is a notch up from New Delhi, around the corner.  I like the way the food tastes here, and I like how I feel after eating it.
There is quite a big selection relative to the small area that the buffet takes up.  There are very good vegetarian options.  There's not much variety from day to day--I've been here many times and I usually see most of the same dishes.  There have always been two desserts and mango juice, included in the buffet, which is great.
There are also pretty good specials on Kingfisher beer, which I like.
I really like this place and I plan to keep coming back.  It has been consistently good.Dropped into this local spot on a day trip to visit UofPenn. It was exactly what I wanted! A great and fresh Indian buffet, with attentive service to boot!I visit Sitar quite often for both their lunch and dinner buffets. I think that while it's a solid Indian buffet, I also think that buffet Indian food isn't the best you can find. They always have a lot of different options, so definitely come with an empty stomach.
Their best items are the channas/chole, chicken, channas, and of course the mango juice. Most items are pretty good though, but the food overall is pretty heavy, and if you eat too much, you will probably get sick. Still a great value for what you pay.
FYI - there is a student discount!I love this restaurant  , the food is the best Indian food buffet I have had in university city . The saag paneer and achari chicken are truly awesome . quite a decent selections of dishes in the buffet . I only have one quibble is the delivery person for the restaurant is very rude and does not give you the impression that ordering food at home is a good idea  ( or maybe he has bad days ) . Either rate great restaurant .I love Sitar!
4 stars for the cheap tasty buffet with a student discount to boot.  :)  The selection is pretty good and there are quite a few vegetarian options, usually including a delicious paneer dish.  They give free mango juice for dinner too!
The dessert usually off a bit for me... but no other major complaints.I love that when I go to Sitar, I know what to expect. Even if it's busy at peak hours, the hosts try to seat my party as quickly as possible. We're immediately given water. Sitar consistently delivers on taste. Bravo.Food is very typical of what you find at other Indian restaurants. They do a good job of consistently having vegetarian options. Prices are pretty good, especially if you are a student.fear not the sketchy storefront. i do takeout here, not buffet. their entrees are always fantastic, and i have plenty of NYC spots to compare it to. what's best are the reasonable prices and the consistency of their good quality. i don't spend too much time with the staff, but they have always been kind, helpful and fast. i'm considering asking the establishment to just move in with me so i can save a trip every week, just trying to find the right wording.I'm pretty sure my husband and I were their best customers before we moved away from Philly. Their buffet has been consistently good. There was one time that was a fluke-they use pre-packaged something for their saag panneer (likely it's pre-packaged paneer), and they left a piece of the plastic in the tray that made it to my plate. I told the manager and they took care of it right away. They tossed the entire tray, brought out mango lassis and paid for my meal that evening. Their response was professional and showed me that they valued my patronage. That little incident did not keep me from coming back. 
Compared to New Dehli or Tandoor (the latter of which I will do a separate review of how awful it was), this is the best place in University City to get Indian food. 
If you come here, make sure to go during their lunch buffet when they serve their chai. Wow. So good. I could drink cups of that stuff (not recommended though, can you imagine the caffiene buzz?). My other favorite items are the saag paneer, tandoor chicken, vegetable samosas-which go great with the mint chutney, and the peppercorn chicken. I've never really enjoyed goat but my husband loves the goat curry here, so he would recommend that to you. 
I've had better naan at other places but sometimes they serve battura. It's not Atkins friendly but it's delightful. 
They also remodeled in the last couple of years and it's much more modern. 
On most days, they have a line that goes out of the restaurant, that's how popular it is. The wait is worth it and don't be too worried about the length of the line, it moves fairly quickly especially if you are not dining alone. 
Hope you enjoy this place as much as I have!Absolutely love the food. Reasonable price and authentic taste.My husband and my friends came in here for dinner one night on sunday at dinner,We love Indian food and eat it often so, why not do it at the best restaurant in Philly.
The food is amazing definitely the best I ever had!!! my favorite is Chicken Tika Masala and Saag Paneer  it's all SO SO GOOD here..we had an unforgettable dinner.
The staff there is friendly and attentive,
Highly recommend goin here for a enjoyable lunch or dinnerOnce again, this place is still the bomb. We came here for valentine's day cravings and because one of us are catholic and it was Ash Wednesday we couldn't eat meat.   They have a great selection of food that is vegetarian, thankfully. My only issue is that I wish they can label things that vegetarian and not just vegan. I had to look up the names of the dishes to figure it out on my own as the workers were super busy and I really didn't want to bother them like that. Otherwise, it was wonderful! Heck, I feel like going there again to eat in secret without my boyfriend haha
--------------------------------------------------
Buffet Indian food, the best kind in philly. Literally! Smallish selection, but very good quality. And there is some awesome mango lassi too. Perfect for vegetarians as well as the vegetarian options are delicious and fresh. Coming back today! If it doesn't rain.I visited this place at lunch and I must say that I got a taste of good Indian food after a long time. The price is very affordable, $10 for lunch and $13 for dinner buffet, which is great value for the food. They had a good variety of vegetarian and non-vegetarian dishes that include several types of curries, achari alu, palak paneer, navratna korma, chana masala, samosa, tandoori chicken, chicken butter masala, chicken biryani and goat curry. The Chicken biryani that they had was the very delicious. The chicken  butter masala, goat curry, navratna korma, achari alu was also pretty good. The food was not very spicy and had a creamy texture.
They also had various types of chutneys, I liked the pudina and the mango chutney. In dessert option they had only milk rice and fruit custard. The custard was awesome.
Go there and try it. I want to go there again.OK, their food is good but they didn't give free fresh naan! I've definitely gotten free fresh naan at Ekta and New Delhi so boooo. Sitar is also a lot more expensive than Ekta and New Delhi (sorry, but I just gotta compare Indian buffets to each other). Their food variety and quality was the best though - their chicken tikka masala and palak paneer was BOMB. Kind of expensive, $18/person with the $3 naan -.- If you pay in cash it's 5% off and student discount is 10% off and you can stack them (use both together)I always enjoy my visits to Sitar India. I most recently went there for dinner with a young lady on July 13, 2011. Everything was as I had expected from my previous visits: a variety of tasty Indian dishes on offer at the buffet with ample choices for both omnivores and vegetarians. Beers were on special for $1.75 (if I recall correctly) which was quite a treat: there's nothing that goes quite as well with an Indian meal than a cold, yeasty beer. I especially enjoyed the two chickpea dishes available. I thought the samosas were first rate.Nom nom nom! Can't go wrong with their delicious lunch buffet! Great options for both meat and leaf eaters and everything is clearly marked.  Great food at a great price!Their buffet is slamming, a lot of variety, (including a vegetarian option) and nicely priced.
I would give them 5 stars, but......
The oil they use in their food does not mesh well with me at all. 
Suggestion:
Perhaps an olive oil base for your food??Very good lunch buffet.  Lots of vegetarian options.  Dinner buffet is also good with mango juice as an added option.Reasonably priced buffet. Always packed during lunch hour. Food is much better than many other Indian restaurants in the area.Very tender meat, and a lot of it in the lamb biryanis. Mango juice tasted watered down. Gulab jamun was very good-the sprinkle of coconut was a delicious addition.Their Chicken Tikka Masala is the best in the area(I spent alot of time debating this between Sitar, New Dehli, and Tandoor.  Though all of them have strengths and weaknesses.  I finally settled on Sitar).
Their buffet is adequate and they've been offering a great happy hour lately.  They got 4 stars up from 3 due to their exceptionally friendly service.I've been here many times several years ago and then once again last month.  The buffet is smaller than the other U. City Indian buffets, but probably a bit fresher.  The most recent time, we ordered off the menu instead.  It was truly excellent--some of the best Indian I've had in Philadelphia or Boston--and it doesn't cost any more than a typical cheap Indian joint.  We'll definitely be back.  The free mango juice at the beginning didn't hurt anything.I love this place.  The lentil salad on the buffet is great, the chicken tikka masala is my favorite anywhere, and their baigan barta is unrivaled.  Great, family-run place with no frills but good food.Holyfuckingshit I love this place. I recently went back to sitar and they have renovated the entire place and it looks much better than their old red tile layout. The food is still amazing and they have even more of a selection than ever before. It is a buffet for lunch and dinner and much more affordable than most Indian buffets/restaurants. This is by far the best Indian I've ever had and will always come back for more until this place closes or I die.Terrible service. Terrible food. The staff would not seat us and when they finally did the staff was unfriendly and the food was greasy and nasty.The place to go for any indian food lover any time! Great buffet selection and cheap prices. Chole bature and samosa are the best I have had so far in Philadelphia. The place is always crowded but the waiters are very courteous. Also offer student discount. Highly recommended.We were visiting Philly for the July 4th long weekend and decided to try this place out for dinner. My husband went for the buffet which had a huge variety but no paneer dishes unfortunately (a bummer!). He enjoyed the channa batura & gajar ka halwa the most. I ordered a Paneer Tikka Masala which was yummy!! Could taste the fresh home-made paneer & variety of spices in the masala. Definitely worth a visit!I have only been here for lunch and I have no complaints. For $10 you get to sample a variety of Indian foods. Compared to other Indian restaurants I have been to it seems on parWaited less than 15 minutes on a Sunday.
Enjoyed the buffet.
It's a nostalgic place from my Grad school days.
I'd go back if I were in the area.Not the best Indian food we've had but definitely above average and a really amazing deal for all you can eat lunch or dinner with a nice variety of dishes. Our favorite is the goat curry. The chicken dishes are very average here which made me sad as I am obsessed with Chicken Masala. The desserts here aren't really up my alley but you can tell they give a good try.
The service is very friendly and there's usually street parking which makes this place such an easy place to dine when you're starving.
Definitely save room for the unlimited mango juice refills! Sooo good.got delivery from Sitar on Sunday night--this was my first time trying Indian food and I'm glad it was with Sitar! I tried the Chicken Korma with a mild sauce and it was delicious. They gave my friend and I a huge bowl of rice to share, with some garlic naan (AMAZING) on the side. Delivery service took about 45 minutes, which was to be expected. I would definitely order from here again!Service doesn't usually come with a side of racism. 
Came with a group of 10 around midday on a Sunday. The food was about average for an Indian buffet. A pitcher of mango lassi was $16, which seemed a little high but gave each of us about 4 ounces of juice, so it was sufficient. A reasonable amount of curry, a decent chickpea dish, a goat stew, and all the standard buffet fare, including some floppy naan. 
Checkout time arrives. We are all paying individually and splitting the mango lassi, which the restaurant is surprising okay with. The table's total bill (~$117.00) is rung up on the register. The cashier takes each of our payments but randomly doesn't reduce the total amount. At the end, we are informed that someone hasn't paid. We confirm from our end that we all paid up and tipped ($2-3pp for a self serve buffet seems overly reasonable to me). Twenty minutes later, some of us are still inside debating with the cashier. He says, 'bring everyone back in and I'll point out who didn't pay.' As we begin to comply, he says, 'oh I can't tell, YOU ALL LOOK THE SAME'. Wtf? We just left at this point. While this may seem like a minor offense to some, that's entirely unacceptable to say to a group of Asians. This might have become a regular eating place after weekly practices but this level of service deserves to be shut down. 
Okay food. Service - I'm still somewhat shocked. Never again. Done rant. Cheers.I love Sitar India.  It is worth the trip from Center City.  The price is right for the buffet, and they even offer a student discount.  The service is quick, in that they always clear your dirty plates in a timely manner and refill your drinks, but I have never been rushed out despite the relatively small dining room.  I can't recommend it enough!The best! So many choices. Complimentary chai for lunch and mango juice for dinner. Reasonably priced. Great go to spot!The food here is delicious, but the place itself is small. I like to dine in because they have hot chai during the lunch time and it's cheap. The select is small but it's a good size when you look at the overall size of the place. If you would like something that not on the buffet line you can always order it. I do love this placeI've been here a couple of times because a bunch of my male classmates love to come here for the cheap all-you-can-eat buffet.  It's a decent buffet with a large selection:  chicken tikka masala, tandoor chicken, chickpea curry, lamb curry, nan, basmati rice, rice pudding, salad, all the sauces you can think of, etc.  The student discount comes in handy but it's so cheap for lunch and dinner, it doesn't amount to much!
It's a bit grungy on the outside and has poor lighting on the inside, but it's a reliably good place to eat in University City with plenty of seating.I've eaten at a decent amount of Indian restaurants in Philly (10 or so) and this is by far my favorite!
We often walk over from work and go here for the great lunch buffet and I routinely order take out for dinner
FYI be sure to bring a Penn ID or pay cash to get a discount
For takeout its usually speedy and friendly, give them about 25 min when you call ahead for your order as they are almost always packed to the gills
I'm pretty picky about my saag paneer and I can say every time the paneer is cooked to perfection, not too soft and not too hard--delicious!!Come hungry, and stuff yourself silly such that you roll out the door, satisfied and selling like Indian food. Swear you'll never eat so much again, and then come back 2 weeks later and repeat the cycle.
That's usually what happens when I go to Sitar. This Indian buffet restaurant has a good variety of foods, from the typical curries and paneer, to the tandoor chicken and naan (and salads too, if you are looking for something light or trying to make yourself feel better after eating all the other rich foods). You can't really go wrong with any of the dishes there, they are all rich and satisfying and you will want to go back for seconds, thirds and even fourths. 
The best part, in my opinion, is the mango juice! It's sweet and complements the savory Indian dishes. What's more, Sitar is a BYO, and the mango juice is a perfect mixer to whatever you decide to bring! 
Since it is a buffet, the service isn't that great - basically self service and sometimes you have to wave the server over so that they will bring your plates away and clear room for your next round of food.
Tip: students get 10% discount! This makes the ~$11 dinner deal even better and worth your money.Awesome!  Not too spicy to make you unable to taste the distinct flavors, but well seasoned.  I really enjoyed this food.  We had the lamb in two forms, tikka masala, and the spinach yogurt one, both were tender and tasty.  I never write reviews, but this food deserved a good review!  Thumbs up!Indian buffet for lunch was pretty a-ok. A little bit too mild for me, I like a little more heat to the sauces. There were alot of choices , but the food was cold. The highlight of the meal? Chai teaa. Omg, the best stuff ever. I probably had like 5 cups of it. The lunch was overall a pretty good deal. 9 bucks for ll you can eat plus chai tea. Good meal if you want to eat some indian food, but don't like too spicy.
Oh and btw. Don't get the soy curry. It tastes awful.Over decades of trying out many Indian, Pakistani and Bangladeshi restaurants, I have found that rarely if ever, does a restaurant prepare all its dishes to perfection. I therefore am delighted at finding the handful (usually one or two) dishes that are excellent at a restaurant and then running around to accumulate a takeout meal that is made up of many outstanding dishes from several restaurants.
I had been hearing about the great food at Sitar and every time I went there I walked away disappointed. I finally discovered what I was doing wrong. Sitar serves buffets with an incredible spread both for lunch and dinner and each time I went there I would go for the buffet. However the dishes served in the buffets were dumbed down in terms of spices to cater to the tastes (or rather intolerance for authenticity spices Indian taste) of the diverse customers who keep this small restaurant always busy.
On the advice of the helpful young woman (from South America) at the cash counter, I ordered spicer versions of dishes and was blown away, particularly with the daal makhani and the mattar paneer. From then onwards I practically lived on this food during my Philadelphia years, combined with other dishes from elsewhere. I have rarely been able to find such delicious food -- I would recommend "medium" spicy orders which come out just like in India while hot is too hot.
Now, if I think I of reasons to fly across the country to Philadelphia, these two dishes from Sitar feature prominently. I have to believe that there are other restaurants that prepare similarly outstanding daal makhani and mattar paneer and I have found a couple but not in the Bay Area, with the exception of Saffron in San Carlos and to a lesser extent at Rangoli in Fremont. Lotus in San Rafael used to be in the same league but not anymore with the same story being true for the old Amber in Mountain View before they expanded to other locations and moved to their swanky new Mountain View address but as I think Michael Bauer also noted, watered down their taste.  Kanishka in Redmond, WA also comes close. Otherwise it is a couple of East Coast establishments I may Yelp about at some point.Came here for the first time over the weekend with my boyfriend. We had been craving Indian food for a while and this restaurant definitely satisfied those cravings ! It was pretty packed when we got here but I was pleasantly surprised that we were seated right away! The food was amazing! I tried a little bit of everything and I can honestly say there wasn't one dish that I didn't like! Yummy, authentic Indian food . Doesn't get much better than this! I only regret not having more room in my belly to get more food! Will definitely be back here again!