I always hit this place when I come into Philly!  I love the butter truffle burger with chipotle fries.  If you love burgers try this spot! its small and has a great vibe!Still on of the best places on girard.    Consistent and high quality.   Great neighborhood place ...... probably the best place to get a burger in PhiladelphiaIt is 8:01on 12/17/2014, and I just got off the phone with the rudest woman EVER. I simply called to see if Grubhub's 1 hour and 45 min delivery estimate was right for my food.  She went into a tirade acting like I was the biggest inconvenience ever, about how they use a 3rd party delivery service and all they do is make the food so she can't tell me.  I say ok, thinking to myself why is this lady being so hostile? She offers to see if they made my order and I said that would be nice.  She confirms it went out and then says, "Bye," hanging up on me while I'm trying to thank her.
Honestly, if you don't want to deliver, than don't.  Or at least tell your employees that it's part of the business model, and they need to treat ALL customers the same - respectfully.  Because guess what, if I don't get delivery from you guys, you won't get my business because I never go in to the restaurant.  There are plenty of other places to get delicious burgers from in NoLibs now.Soooo much food!! Really easy to accidentally over order... Get the Mac and cheese! It was fabulous. The vegan burger was really heavy but tasty especially with the horseradish cheese! Make sure you bring your a game to draw your most creative burger... As for mine, fail.Absolute joke of an establishment. I order a burger w/ fries, and when I get home and open up my food I see that neither the fries or top bun of my burger are there! Like seriously, how idiotic are you that you forget these things!?!? Plus the food itself was like $16 which is a complete ripoff. I guess when you're selling to delusional hipsters in Fishtown you can justify charging that but to us normal people that's absurd. 
Bottom line: don't waste your money at this piece of s**t restaurant. 
Make America Great Again.Absolutely the best burgers ever. We tried the Kobe burger with wasabi, the smashed onion burger and the truffle burger. The fries are amazing. Maybe the best we've ever eaten. The Macaroni and cheese is awesome. And the desserts . . . well you get the picture. The biggest problem was that we all ate too much.Sketch is one of my favorite spots in Fishtown! I've been here with my partner 3 times and we've never been let down. The atmosphere is cool and low key, and the people are super friendly. The burgers are incredible!! I haven't explored most of the menu because i'm hooked on the burger. They are tasty and big. Most of the sauces are good too, and the bun is outstanding. My girlfriend gets the black bean burger, and loves it. I would definitely recommend this place for anyone interested in some local, non-pretensious eats.
The chipotle and aioli sauces are our favorites.Woah, who knew the burgers would be so gigantic! Well I had a good idea, but seriously...
I think next time I will split a burger because it was a challenge to eat it all. It was just too delicious to waste, so I forced myself to enjoy the whole thing. I had a regular burger with the horseradish cheddar, bacon, and sauteed onions. I was very pleased that I could actually taste the cheese, because sometimes cheese can get lost in the mix of flavors. The roll was fresh, and the burger was cooked just right. I also had a milkshake, which the girl at the counter made "extra thick" so it would survive the 5 minute car ride home (how sweet is that?!). Oh and the fries were awesome! I think that their pricing is pretty good. Maybe the extra toppings are a little pricey, but the quality is there so we didn't mind too much.
My boyfriend said that he heard some talk of an ostrich burger and an antelope burger while he was waiting for the food... Not really sure what is going on with that! Maybe there is a new special in the works.So glad my wife found this place.  We travel to philly regularly and this is now easily the best meal I've ever had there.  Far superior to the cheese steaks.  We had the Mac & Cheese, fries, and I had a burger with grilled onions and mushrooms.  May have been the best burger I've ever had in my life. Chipotle mayo was fantastic.  The service is unbelievable.  You order at the counter but they visit your table more then a five star restaurant.Delicious food, comfortable atmosphere very chill spot I loved my Dr. Pepper pork sandwich, sides are extremely good definitely a good spot in Philly on a chill night.Just a scooter ride down Girard to this new place. Sketch is super cute inside, I was staring at the colorful walls and bright colored paintings while we waited for our food. The prices are great and the portions are huge, my daughter and I could have shared a  single burger.... Service a was delightful as we talked our servers ear off. There are a few booths and bar seating a a table outside. There are also vegan options and a grilled chicken sandwich if burgers are not your thing. They have a variety of sauces and toppings to add if you choose while they come with tomato and lettuce and their token cheese balls. While some might not like this, their burgers are big and juicy and filling and really the fries aren't even necessary- I will say it again- another reason not to leave fishtown.This place had literally one of the best burgers I've eaten in Philly. 
To be honest, the place is a little hard to find at night and it's kind of a hole-in-the-wall restaurant. There doesn't seem to be much seating for large groups, but I came with a group of 5 so a booth was good enough. 
First, the service was pretty great! Our server was helpful in giving us suggestions on what to order and telling us her personal favorites. But note, it's cash only! I ended up shelling out $20 for the whole thing, but it was WORTH. 
I ordered the Cyclops burger and a Salted Caramel and Pretzel milkshake (can't remember the exact name). WOW. That milkshake was SO good. It was the best milkshake I've had in such a long time and I would get the same one again. The cool thing is that you can mix and match flavors that you like. The server was telling us about a Peanut Butter and Jelly one (Peanut Butter + Strawberry). It all sounded delicious, forget mixing... I'm ordering that shake. 
The burger was cooked exactly how I wanted it (I asked for medium), the bacon was crispy, and the fried egg just took the whole burger over the top. I asked for the garlic aioli sauce and provolone, and I had to give myself props for making good decisions. I also tried the sweet potato fries and the Green Chili Fries. Both of them were really solid, but I think I'd go back for the Green Chili Fries. I think the sweet potato fries would've been better with a different choice of sauce (we got the Green Goddess). 
Lastly, one of the coolest parts of the restaurant was being able to "sketch" on a piece of construction paper with some markers and crayons. Not gonna lie, some people hacked and busted out their professional cartoon drawing skills, making the wall art seem pretty intimidatingly good. I spent a good amount of the meal (neglecting both friends and food) trying to draw something worthy of being put on the wall. I ended up with something I was pretty proud of, but was sure it wasn't quite good enough. To my surprise, all we had to do was ask and they gave us scotch tape to put up our drawings. Lesson learned... just ask and you shall receive.I stopped by Sketch this week with a friend when we were looking for a quick bite in Fishtown. I ordered a burger with bacon and she ordered the chicken sandwich. There is a large variety for people looking to pick and choose how to build their burgers or sandwiches. It should be noted that the fries are AMAZING (and Belgian style). And they come with a free dipping sauce of your choice (the sandwiches come with free sauce as well). You can also order cheese with the fries. 
The burger was tasty but not the best burger that I've had in Philadelphia. It was good though. I would definitely stop back in here again if I was in the neighborhood. The service was fast and the burgers were big (so big that I had to take most of it home).There is nothing vegan friendly about a place that charges you $8 for a not-anything-special vegan burger in a cheap baguette (because the hamburger buns are coded in eggs), iceberg lettuce and one slice of tomato. Not to mention you will be charged $1.50 to add a pinch of avocado. Other than this pathetic veggie burger this place does not have anything else for vegans. They simply took off the vegan menu... You might as well go to Chillies and find more vegan options. Their tables are sticky, they don't accept cash and you are surrounded by sketches of people advertising the killing of cows for their God given right to eat a burger.For those who know me. My favorite word is "SKETCH." So naturally I had to come and check out all that Sketch had to offer.
These types of small businesses is what I love about Philadelphia. People are just makin' good food, people are eatin' good food, there are smiles on faces.
Jaime O and I came over on a cold Wednesday night looking for deliciousness.
There was a bit of a wait - ALWAYS a good sign. Especially for a place in Fishtown that might not be in the thick of the activity.  We ordered our food at the counter and sat down after a table opened up.
I got the lamb burger which was AMAZING. Jaime got the smashed Onion burger which she also enjoyed. The people working gave good descriptions of all the questions we had.
The best part about this place is the "no frills." Just Burgers, Fries, and other amazingness.
Highly recommend. I want to come back for the other burgers.
FYI - They also do takeout.I've only gotten take out from here but OH MY Mac&Cheese. Their fries are pretty good too, and i'll let you know how their milkshake is...i'm going for the 2nd time in 5 days. 
I hope i don't die of a heart attack. This stuff is heavy....but its worth it. At least i'll know i died satisfied.Terrific bean burgers.
Delightful atmosphere.
Pleasant staff.
Reasonably priced.
Tasty menu.
We will definitely be returning in the near future!I heard about this place a while ago and noted it as a potential destination for lunch with vegetarians, a situation that I put to the test last week. 
I did the onion burger with tahini and horseradish cheddar, which turned out totally messy but also quite good. she had the seitan tacos special and gave it a good review after raiding the salt/pepper/hot sauce bin to make it a little more interesting. 
Id like to go back and try some of the more outlandish menu items / make more crayon and chalk drawings as I wait for my order.I saw this place on one of those celebrity foodie shows so, as I live nearby, I had to give it a try.  Because it's in Fishtown, I wasn't surprised to find that the place was crawling with hipsters when I walked in; it was matched by the non-conformity radiating from the decor.
Hipsters aside, my friend and I were promptly greeted by a friendly waitress who directed us to their drink fridge and subsequently received our orders in an equally timely fashion.  
I had high expectations for the food and it did not disappoint.  I got the Cyclops burger which has an egg on it.  It was perfect.  I also crushed a tasty side of fries that I ordered, which was a large serving considering I ordered the smaller of the two offered.
One big drawback for me was that they didn't have any soft drinks (so hipster) and we weren't offered water as an option.  That's a big thing for me when I'm eating salty food.  
Overall, my objective was to eat a delicious burger, so despite some minor complaints  I was very pleased with the experience.I was starving one day and went in here after a long run... my mistake started by ordering two sandwiches.  Good lord, I had so much food in front of me, I could barely start the 2nd. 
Burgers. HUGE. Fries. DELICIOUS. Shake. VEGAN (and yum)!
Simply awesome.  Just don't over order.After hearing great positive reviews about this place decided to come check it out myself. I got the truffle burger with a fried egg added and a order of sweet potato fries. The price is definitely a bit on the higher end for a burger definitely not a cheap burger like you would get from a fast food and not something I can justify on getting everyday. I love that you have the option to choose the type of sauce for the fries and burger. This place is definitely better then 500 degrees in center city. I'll write a separate review on that later. Space is very limited and its cash only. This place is definitely a hidden gem.I have recommended this spot to many....it is a solid burger joint with lots of offerings for your veg and vegan friends.  The Pomme Frites are awesome as are the sauces that accompany.  The burgers are great and the seitan specials are quite special.  Don't forget to get a milkshake!!High quality burgers, a bit expensive (10 dollars/person), but it's worth it.  Great vegetarian options.Delicious food - everything we ordered was excellent. Only 6 tables, but worth the wait. Cash only. Lost a star due to being remarkably dirty, but I think that's an understaffing issue - our server was waiting tables, bussing them and prepping food, which meant she could barely wipe tables as they turned over.Very big, yummy burgers! Shakes could use a little work (not sure if you can add malt, if so that would help).
Very cool place though and would recommend, especially if you like to doodle or have kids!! But even if not, the burgers are very yummy!I am no artist but the cook at Sketch sure is.  I loved building my own burger with a fried egg, horseradish cheddar, avocado and BBQ sauce.  It was cooked to my medium-rare perfection and served HOT.  My friends ordered the onion smash and the cyclops but since we were all elbow deep in our sandwiches I didn't have a chance to try theirs. We split one order of fries which was plenty to share and the selection of sauces made this "condiment-mixer" a match made in heaven.  Definitely a do-over (just don't expect to see my art anywhere).Very good burger. I truly respect it. And I like the space a lot, truly truly. The staff was sweet as I can ask for, and the burger was juicy yeah. Fries were thick, crispy out and soft in. The sauces  add a fun element. If you could ask for a better burger, you'd be asking too much.The kobe burger is GOAT. But seriously, their burgers are amazing and the deserts are even better. Customer service is good so basically if youre in the mood for a good burger, come here.Great food, a little pricey but about the same as shake shack for a lot more food that is better tasting. The staff were extra nice and accommodating of any dietary needs and the dipping sauces especially the BBQ were great. Nice little first date or Friday night spot in a decent part of town. Just make sure you look out for it can be difficult to see the sign at night.Sketch's is not located in an area of the city I usually frequent, but whenever I am even slightly near here I want to stop by. We went here for the first time in about a year the other weekend and the service was not as good as normal. I think maybe the place has gotten more popular or they were just having a bad night. We called on the way there to place an order for take out because we knew by the time we got there it'd be less than a half hour to close and I felt bad doing that to the staff. We called and a girl answered and I said I wanted to make an order for take out. She said okay and put us on hold. We waited ten minutes on hold and at this point we were almost there so we just hung up. We got there and the lady who I assume was the same one on the phone seemed to have a bit of an attitude and wasn't very pleasant. She was also waitressing and it was pretty crowded. We ordered a kobe burger, but they were out of that which was disappointing. So, we ended up just getting a sirlion burger. The food was definitely as good as usual. My boyfriend and I split the burger because they are pretty large. The burger was great, definitely the best burger anywhere in the Philly area. We also got cheese fries which are extra amazing from Sketchs for some reason. Normally, we would get one of their yummy desserts but we didn't since we got it to go this time. Despite our experience, I would still recommend Sketchs. Normally the service is really good so i'm not sure what happened on this recent visit. Also all the drawings on the wall are awesome and really amusing to look at. Hopefully, next time we go it will be more similar to our past visits which are usually fantastic.Butter. Truffle. Burger. Yes please, the only thing that would take it over the top is some duck paté.  I also get super down with the smashed onion burger, add avocado, bacon, and BBQ.  Make sure to take a second and soak in the decor.I love a good burger every once in a while, and Sketch definitely delivers. 
To get:
The cyclops burger: egg over easy with bacon, cheddar cheese, lettuce and tomato. I got my burger medium and it was cooked perfectly. All burgers come with a sauce as well and we got the Harissa Aoili. The burger was crazy heavy so I just ate half and saved the rest for later. 
Hand cut Belgian style fries: Also with Harissa Aoili (on the side). The fries are super crispy on the outside and soft on the inside, with just the right amount of salt.
...and a milkshake! I got a mix of chocolate and vanilla, but I'm sure whatever you get will be awesome.
Also, don't forget to draw a picture and put it on their wall!Color while you wait!  Make origami!  Delicious and veggie friendly options!  Try to save room for dessert.Really great burgers at a really reasonable price. Had the standard beef burger. Total price with fries and drink was under $15 including tip. Burger was great, and was as-good as many places (read: "gastro" pubs) that charge double (although maybe it came out medium-well instead of the as-ordered medium...no biggie since meat was good quality). Fries were great with a decent selection of dipping sauces. Just a no-frills burger joint. Highly recommended.I'm so glad one of my coworkers told me about this place.  Definitely one of the best burgers I've had in the city.  It is PRICEY, but it's so worth it and you get so much food!  The fries are delicious and come with a variety of sauces to choose from.  The aoli is amazing!  The smashed onion burger was sooo good!     
I especially love all the Sketches on the walls...so fun to read while chowing down.  It is definitely a hidden gem for those who don't venture beyond Center City.
Sketch is a place I'd come to once a month or two because it's expensive and more of a "treat".  Maybe I'll try the pulled pork and a vegan milkshake next time...ironically delicious?Are you kidding me!?!?!?!  Punch yourself in the mouth and go get one of these!  Also try the fries with the aioli.  Hands down best burger I have had in the city.  I will be back SaturdayRecently went in for the first time! SO GOOD! My burger was perfect! The atmosphere was so laid back and the staff was super friendly!WOW!! Absolutely amazing! Their burgers were delicious and plentiful. There must have been a full pound of meat in each burger. Their toppings are soooo good and sauces delicious. I love the chipotle and wasabi. Would go back over and over again!This is my favorite burger place, and I regret moving away from Philly whenever I have a burger that is not from Sketch.  The Kobe burger is amazingly tender (consistently.... and yes I have ordered from here more times than I am willing to admit). I alternate between the aioli and green goddess sauces.  Only other decision you need to make is sweet potato vs. truffle fries. If you are in the area, I definitely suggest eating inside of Sketch at least once as it is fun to see all of the different drawings they have accumulated throughout the years.Oh so, so goood. Totally unique but a bit of a dive. Amazing burgers and fries, expensive for burgers, but I think you get what you pay for.YUM!!!!! WORTH THE WAIT!!!!!!!!!!
Tables/floors are kind of gross but the food was just so goodWhen in Fishtown, definitely the go-to place for good burgers.  The place has a fun feel with all of the hand drawn notes lettering the wall.  Apparently its claim to fame is that it was a regular haunt of the crew during a Gordon Ramsey restaurant makeover nearby.  
I tried the frites, Kobe burger and something meatloafy..  all quite good and cooked to order (easier said than done for many places some reason).  The drawbacks of Sketch are the early closing hours (due to location) and the lack of beer availability.  Normally, that would bump this to 3.5 but personality wins out.  4 it is!Sketch was the second stop in my on-again off-again national tour of burger joints.  The first one was Louis Lunch, one of the restaurants who claim to have started it all.  Amusingly, Sketch's dining room is about the same diminutive size as Louis', barely room for a few small tables and booths.  But while Sketch doesn't have the lore of Louis, the buzz has drawn me to Fishtown to experience, in my mind, the ultimate burger: the Cyclops, a hefty burger toped with a fried egg and bacon - the new platonic ideal.
My take out took about 50 minutes to complete from the time of order.  One of the servers explained that the cook was new and it was his first Saturday night. Both servers pitched in the kitchen to help out.  It would be easy to get upset over the wait, but the server was nice, really apologetic and offered to comp a cookie for the wait.  I appreciated that.  What I really found amazing, even though the orders were backed up, there were no Gordon Ramseyesque tirades in the open kitchen.  The staff was supportive of each other and encouraging instead of letting the stress get to them.  Gotta love that.
The food, unfortunately, was disappointing.  My medium rare sirloin burger was medium-well and dry.  The over easy fried egg was pretty salty and overcooked.  I was craving a runny egg, but the yolk was pretty much dry.  The saltiness of the egg combined with the cured bacon (which, by itself was fresh and tasty) made the sandwich overbearingly  salty.  
The Belgium fries may have been good right out of the fryer, but I sampled some as I was leaving the store and it was lukewarm.  I reheated them at home in the oven and they tasted much better.  
The best part, though was the pistachio shake.  Overloaded with whole nuts, thick and redolent with nutty flavor, it was pure bliss.  
So kudos to the professional service.  I may want to return when the cook gets some time under his belt, or maybe I'll just get the shake.Sketch: It was love at first bite!
I'd been dying to try this place so imagine my surprise when I went to a friend's house one night and he lived right next door! Totally Jelly! He would rub it in my face how whenever he was hungry, he'd just call them up, roll out in his PJs, run next door, grab a burger and get his munch on. 
I finally went for the first time on New Year's Eve. Sauntering in in my fancy NYE attire, I sat down at a small table and ordered a Cyclops burger. The waitress asked how I wanted my egg and I said "Cooked?" She told me "No no - you don't want a scrambled egg on top of your burger. Get it over easy. Trust me." So I did. There was no turning back. When my burger appeared, there was a delicious fried egg on top with delectable looking bacon peering seductively out at me from underneath. On first bite, the yolk broke, blending - NAY - melding in the warm, delicious, perfectly medium burger sandwiched between two lightly toasted brioche buns. I was in heaven. If the clock had struck midnight and the world ended that evening, at least I would have died knowing I had just sampled the best burger I'd ever tasted. 
Fries are huge and hand cut, made in house. If you're with a friend, get one to share. There's plenty to go around! Try the aioli for the dipping sauce - you won't be disappointed. PS: They have stuff other than burgers and they also cater to all your hipster vegan friends as well - plus desserts! 
Oh, and can we talk about the decor? Bring your art school skills (or your Draw Something skills) to a real piece of paper: construction paper & crayons & markers are provided at each table so you can be a Burger Picasso. And I mean, come on, who doesn't effing love coloring!? 
Subsequent visits (Once to go, once to eat in just last week) have tried to get me to steer clear from the Cyclops and try something new, but I just can't do it. Me + Cyclops Burger = BBFFL (Best Burger Friends For Life).This place is fantastic. The women that is the server is so nice and sweet and makes it a pleasure to dine in. Next, the food is amazing. One of the best burgers in the city for sure. The fries are really good as well. When I went in for a dinner and they had a special of pulled pork on biscuits which was absolutely amazing. I will always go back here for really good burgers and service.How do I love thee?  Let me count the ways.
I love thee to depth and breadth and height 
Your swiss and bbq burger can reach, when feeling already full
For the ends of my stomach and tastebuds.
I love thee to the level of everyday's
Most quiet need for your creamy, peppery macaroni and cheese, by sun and candle-light.
I love thee freely, as (wo)men strive for Right milkshake thickness;
I love thee purely, as you turn from soggy french fries.
I love thee with a passion for drawing put to use
In your colorful crayons and paper.
I love thee with a love I seemed to lose
With my dissatisfaction in other Philly burger joints --- I love thee with the dollars,
Quarters and nickels of my entire college loan! --- and, if God choose,
I shall love thee better after graduating and moving out of town.Sketchy **hehe** but delicious. It has a slightly uncomfortable atmosphere, typical for the area, but the lady was really nice. The burger makes up for every indiscretion. Perfectly cooked, large sized patty that tasted like the cheese was soaking into it with all the juices, yum. Bunch of fresh veggies, went with the chipotle sauce, was like a very light jalapeño mayo and provided a solid kick and smoothed it all out. Instantly on my top 5 list for taste. This is a 5 star burger, hands down. Not cheap, 9$ with cheese. Overall I'd give the place a 4/5 only because of the price and I felt a little creeped out, by like I said, amazing burger.Great burgers and fries. The pork and biscuits is next level. Fully recommend it.
The shakes are also great. Hard to think of something bad about this place, though there isn't a lot of seating. That's not really worth docking points though, so I have given them the full amount. 
I recommend the Kobe burger with the Cyclops treatment and the wasabi sauce on fries.I agree with most of the reviews I read.  We got great service because we must have hit them at a slow time, although there seemed to be a lot of takeout orders happening.  I enjoyed the thick cut fries with the dipping sauces (garlic aoli and chipotle mayo).  The burger was big and very fresh tasting.  My only issue is the burger temp explanation.  We were told medium was pink all the way through and med well was a little pick in the middle.  I'm usually a med rare guy but went with medium based on that explanation.  There was not a hint of pink in my burger.
Otherwise, still a really good burger and good value considering the prices you see elsewhere.Such a cute spot to have delicious burgers!Had to wait in line to get a table though, but was worth it! The walls are filled with customers' doodles so waiting for the food is never an issue! Green chili cheese fries and sweet potato fries are the bomb. Burgers are just as amazing!! A definite "must visit" place. 4 stars because the place could be a little less crammed & they only take cash.Ducked in here before a show at Kung Fu Necktie in early November 2015.
I think my expectations were a little too high for this place. I wanted it to be akin to my burger faves, like Edzo's or Kuma's in Chicago. What I got instead was a passable/pretty good burger, with toppings like cheese costing extra, for around 8-10 bucks/person. I got the regular burger, my partner got the turkey burger. As I said before - pretty good, but nothing world beating. They have good looking shakes as well, though we didn't opt for them this time. 
Fries and BBQ dipping sauce were rather delicious, I will say.
For the price, it's about the same as Shake Shack. I think I would rather have Shake Shack 7 times out of 10, though I will grant that Sketch does have more variety and personality than the cold metal tray land of the Shack.This is the best burger I've had in Philly.  What's good:  Truffle butter burger w/ bacon and cheese cooked medium rare, harissa aioli on the side.  Green Chili cheese fries.   Yea it's 20 bucks but it's the best damn 20 bucks you'll spend on a burger and fries in Philly.  And you don't even need to dress it up with a piece of foie gras.Huge burgers, awesome homemade fries, sauces, and atmosphere!This was my first, and last, visit to Sketch Burger. I kept hearing super great things about this place, so I decided to give it a try. The service was terrible, the staff unpleasant, and the food not that great. 
I ordered a turkey burger that had not an ounce of flavor whatsoever. I really could have eaten cardboard with more flavor. The chipotle mayo had no hint of chipotle spice or smokiness or anything at all. I think it may have just been colored mayo honestly. The bun was super greasy too.
My fiance got a beef burger that was supposed to be medium rare and was closer to medium or well. He said it was ok.
The fries were pretty decent, but for being a spectacular burger joint, I wasn't impressed.
Also, for two burgers, fries and iced teas, the bill was $30. That's outrageous. If you're looking for a good burger in the Fishtown-ish area, just go to PYT. That's where I wish we had gone instead.I swear, this place gets better and better.  I felt kind of guilty for exaggerating how much better the sketch burgers are compared to anywhere else in the city because I've been raving about em.  
I decided to go for another today and damn, every bite was a mouth orgasm.  The fries must be in truffle oil since they're so SO rich and good.
I love this place.The turkey burgers are out of this world! Although it was a little cluttered, the meal made up for it!Delicious. Burger and fries were cooked perfectly. The staff were very nice. Their garlic Aoli is amazing.I am not thrilled with the level of quality in what appears to be a personalized burger spot with a hip vibe. The burgers are greasy, fall apart in your hands, and are overpowered by enticing sauces that get lost in the messiness of the burger itself. Now I don't tend to shy away from menu options that could potentially be quite a mess to consume, however when your fries and reputation are greater than you are, maybe it's time to rethink the concept?Best burger in Philly. This is the type of place you come, and spend your money. It's not expensive, but don't come here on a budget. Get everything and spend the money. Get the kobe beef burger. With the truffle butter. With the bacon. With the avocado. All that is only like $17, which is a crazy deal for what the quality is. So good.
Also, their shakes are out of this world. $5 a shake, one size. Worth it. You can split it with someone, its big. So rich and good.
Get the burger I said, and a oreo shake, and you will literally be high off of food. Like better than a food coma. Their food had me high. It is dope--literally.
Only downside is their service has been kinda slow all 3 times I've been--but the food is so good that I don't give a crap. Eat here.oh sketch burger:
 your huge (and awesome) vegan burger and your delicious fries make me very very happy--and full.  the vegan milkshake is pretty decent (although a bit pricey.)  it's although i couldn't eat at sketch everyday, for fear of gaining a million pounds, it's perfect as a comfort food sort of treat. in my head, walking to sketch instead of driving might help offset some of the calories, but that's probably wishful thinking..Food is delicious! Milkshakes in the winter! The seitan sandwich and veggie burger are amazing as are the Mac and cheese and truffle burger (super super rich). Unfortunately the service is often horrible. They are generally understaffed on the weekends and the woman who is always there is super frazzled and really rude. My roommate just called and asked for the specials and she gave him attitude. If they updated their Facebook regularly then a call would not be necessary. She also gets really annoyed at you easily if you have a question or need anything other than what she gives you when you eat in. My friends and I  Would eat here way more if she didn't make you feel stressed out and nervous that she was going to flip out if you say the wrong thing. The rest of the employees have been great. If the food didn't rock we would never go based on service. I will say she is better when it's slow, I wish they could have other people work there during peak hours.Okay...let me start by saying that I've been bugging my bf to take me here after seeing it on the best burger list from CBS news and after a whole week we finally had the time. 
First lets start with staff and service. The staff was definitely understaffed for the amount of volume of orders they had. With so many options of sauces, burgers and sides and being it was my first time there I felt rushed when placing my order.
Second is the burger: Okay so I read reviews after reviews and everyone mentioned that the Cyclops Burger was a must try so of course we had to try the most famous burger. And I was not impressed. It wasn't bad but nothing special either. And at $8.95 I felt like I could of made a better burger at home. 
The second burger that my bf and I ordered was the Beef Burger that costed $6.95 and $1.00 extra because I wanted cheese. I must admit that the burger was big but sometimes bigger and more isn't better. It was very dry and for the amount of meat there was just not enough cheese.  After paying almost 8-9 dollars for a burger and taking only two bites I'm highly disappointed.
Third is the Belgium Fries. Now I'm definitely a fries type of girl. I can eat fries everyday and still crave for it the next. And on most occasion cold fries are still appealing to me but the fries here were not only cold and not cooked fresh according to orders but they were hard. And at $5.50 for an order of cheese fries I really am disappointed. 
Altogether, my take out dinner for two was about $30.00. Which isn't bad but I wished I had picked a different spot because after only taking two bites out of my burger I had to go fill my stomach with something more appeasing. I will not be back for a second try and only giving two stars for the look and feel of the business and because I'm a fan of small businesses. These burgers are definitely not the best in Philly in my opinion.You will never be able to convince me that I can find a better burger.
I first went to Sketch Burger about a year ago when I saw how high of a Zagat rating it had. I was skeptical of a burger joint in the Fishtown area, but I went anyway. Best food decision of the last year!
I've been back to this place about dozen times and every time I try something new. They update their specials menu often, so you always have new choices. The burgers are mouth-drippingly good, cooked perfectly, and have just enough options not to be overwhelming. Sweet potato fries are excellent. Milkshakes are pretty good as well (although I like mine a little more liquid-y than they serve em).
The service is very good, not perfect, but definitely very good for a place like this. Locals flock to this burger joint and it's a perfect place to grab a bite to eat, stave off a hangover, or BYO for an early start to your night.
Despite not having perfect decor or service, I can't give less than 5 stars because the food is THAT good. I crave this place.Awesome burger! Very good service! The burger was huge and very flavorful! Had a working lunch and server was very accommodating as I had my daughter in tow.   This is really a "no frills" kinda of place and I really like that! Just good and fresh food with a smile! What more can you ask for?Their hospitality was great. The place is cozy & chill. The food was really good. I had the loaded fries and they're yummy and plentiful. Serves 3-4 easy. The burgers were delicious. A must try.I've eaten a lot of burgers both in this neighborhood and around the country but this is with about a doubt my favorite burger. I dont know how they do it but they continue to amaze me each time. 
The fries are killer. better than the swanky NYC places that only sell fries. 
I'm not a huge fan of milkshakes in general but this ones are worth it. 
baked goods should open their own shop cuz they sell themselves 
All the customer drawings that litter the walls make for fun each visit. get it "sketch"?
If you haven't been here yet, decision made, get off your phone and get fat with this burgers
*awesome veggie/vegan options*Incredible burgers cooked precisely as ordered.  Great selection of options (sauces, toppings, meat-or-non-meat burgers), and very reasonably priced.  Good selections from start to finish from starters to desserts for carnivores and vegans alike (and everyone in between).  
We all ordered sirloin beef burgers, and it was freshly made, cooked (mid-rare!) as ordered, and portioned with the perfect balance of lettuce and tomato.  Toppings were good (the cheddar was sharp, the bacon crisp), with one exception: the bleu cheese was not very flavorful, and (contrary to expectations) appeared to have been a slice of bleu cheese.  Odd, but perhaps it simply melted?  Either way, it was a strange thing to not be able to taste one of the strongest cheeses imaginable.  Everything else was great, however.
Staff were polite, attentive, and more than happy to chide you (gently but appropriately) for ordering a burger well done.  
The restaurant itself is quite small, but still unique and charming in its own way.  There's plenty of space - so you won't feel cramped.
Sketch succeeds in that they serve damned good food at decent prices in an environment that is fun and welcoming.  More restaurants (another local burger joint that fancies itself a Pretty Young Thing comes to mind) should look to Sketch when they want to see how a business that wants customers to come back should be run.
We will definitely be back.Question:  You are a first class carnivore, but your bleeding heart, out to save the world, rabbit food loving best friend is a vegetarian or even worse, a VEGAN!!! Where on earth will you be able to get a delicious bacon cheeseburger and milkshake while still allowing your tree-hugging companion to indulge in a bit of hedonism themselves? 
Answer: Sketch
The burgers are huge and delicious with so many ways to customize. All sauces are vegan friendly and you can get your shakes made moo juice or with soymilk. Yum!!!
*The only downer about Sketch is that it's really expensive. I try to limit my visits because I can't really justify paying a $1/pc per topping, but when I do go, it's worth every penny.I love this place!  The service, while a bit slow (they only have one cook), is otherwise excellent: the waitress is friendly, funny, and attentive. They make the best veggie burger I've ever had in my life! Their empanadas, particularly any that have homini or guava, are to die for. And they make a rose-flavored milkshake that is heavenly. I'm only taking a star off for the slow device and their desserts (the desserts are just alright). Otherwise, I love, love, love this place!Burgers were great! Had the Cyclopes burger, Bacon, Egg, and cheese. Big burger extremely filling, also split the Dr. Pepper pulled pork. Some of the best pulled pork I have had! Fries were good however extremely heavy seasoning.Great little burger joint. The Sketches on the wall add to the warm feel of this place. Hidden but well knew gem in Philly. I had a excellent Cyclops Burger. The sweet potato fries were tasty too. Try and enjoy for yourself.
Did I mention I had a Chocolate shake too :-)Came here one night around 5:30 and the place was empty. At first sight, the artwork on the wall is amazing. I wasn't feeling too hungry so I split a cyclops buger and a order of mac and cheese. Now the burger looked huge and was full of flavor. My only complaint was that it was really greasy and was a bit hard to eat. But the egg, cheese, and bacon was awesome. I wish burger joints could put a fried egg on their burgers and the bacon was the best I ever had. As for the mac and cheese, it was oily and not much cheese. I would not order it again. Would I come back to this place for their burgers, YES and I would try their milkshakes.I went to Sketch with my boyfriend on a Friday night and was not super impressed.
We walked in and weren't quite sure what the deal was, since there was not a hostess and no one reallly knew what was going on.  We ended up waiting bout a half an hour to be seated, which was understandable - it was a Friday night, afterall.  
Once we sat down, we ordered fries and it took about 25 minutes for the fries to come out.  In fact, a group who ordered fries a few minutes after us received their fries first.  At about the twenty minute mark, when we asked our waitress about the fries, she kinda rolled her eyes and gave us a little 'tude....the waitress seemed really busy but we asked nicely so I'm not sure why we got the attitude. But when the fries came out they were really good, especially with the chipotle sauce.
About 15 minutes later, the burgers came out.  The BF ordered some sort of a cheeseburger and loved it.  I got the turkey/cheddar/avocado/mushroom/onion/aoil burger.  The burger was OK, but Sketch forgot about my mushrooms, and by that point I was so hungry that I didn't care too much.  The turkey was a little on the dry side, even for a turkey burger. My burger was OK, but nothing to write home about.  I wish I would have tried the beef burger, since that's what Sketch is known for.
The BF ordered a peanut butter milkshake, which was pretty good. I may have had some too :-)
Bill came out to be $35ish, which was a little higher than I expected.
Overall, 3 stars, because the burger wasn't super impressive, and because the wait time was ridiculously long.  I do give this place props for letting customers completely customize their burger, but do wish they had more toppings.so uhhh i walked in w/ my wife around 4 PM after a looong day in PHL. we were in the general area to visit a friend who opened a storefront down the street. our intent was to take a look at the menu so we could get some stuff to go. there were a couple customers standing there. some woman behind the little counter starts talking and looking up, then away from us, then at us...all over the place. she is saying something about some table and we're not sure if she's trying to communicate to us or what. speed talking, google eyes, the whole bit. so finally, i ask her if she's talking to me and she confirms. she was assuming we were taking a table and someone was waiting for it? i still have no clue what she was talking about. i said we were simply looking at the menu to order some food to go and she said it would be 45 minutes and they are busy. we noticed it was cash only and we had just enough cash on us to probably make it work but at that point, it was just too weird on top of the prospective 45 minute wait, haha, so we left.
one of the guys who was inside w/ us mentioned to go down the street to kraftwork and i'm glad we did. everyone there knew how to communicate clearly, was attentive, respectful and the food was awesome.I ordered a calypso burger here awhile back. Something I make at home often since. The food was good, but as far as accommodating my dairy allergy goes, I had to walk to the corner store and buy a loaf of bread to put my burger on, because they didn't have a dairy-free roll. If they were more allergy friendly, I would definitely go back.This place is hit and miss. If the owner is there, you'll get a great burger and fries. Otherwise, you'll probably end up with a meal that's overdone and flavorless.Walked in at 8:45 pm and am greeted with "Sorry we're closed".  Really?  Can't prepare a burger in 5 min?  Don't even offer something to go?  God forbid you stay open an extra 10 minutes, guess that's typical Fishtown life for you though.  I must be too used to being in a work environment where you get the job done even if it takes you a bit longer than expected.
This was our first and last time at this place.  You can't have that kind of service with the numerous excellent restaurants within a short walk of this place that oh, by the way, are open later than 9 pm.  Major fail, I'll gladly stroll to Kraftwork, where I'll undoubtedly have a better meal anyway.Best (and one of the largest!) burgers in Philly! Tons of topping choices.Finally I made it to Sketch and it was worth the wait and more than lived up to the hype. I have tried to hit all the big burger places in the city and my favorite is still Shake Shack but Sketch is a really really really close 2nd. The place is tiny, doesn't take CC, and has sketches all over the wall and some of them are really good, funny, and witty. Sat at the table and ordered an American Kobe burger cooked medium rare with cheddar cheese, lettuce, tomato, mushrooms, onions, and bacon (I would have added avocado but they were out). Also got a large side of fries with wasabi sauce. The burger was ridiculously good, juicy and messy as hell which is how it should be. It was cooked perfectly and it was gone in no time. The fries were awesome and the wasabi sauce was perfect with it. Ended the meal with a cookies-n-cream milkshake which was awesome, now that I live about 1/2 a mile from this place this will be my go-to on the weekends when I am too lazy to go into the city for Shake Shack, thank you Sketch you are my hero.once my boyfriend suggested getting dinner here before hitting up a show at JB's this past thursday nite, it was all i could think about. he had raved about his previous experiences there, and the reviews i read only helped to solidify my craving. sketch had a lot to live up to...and did not disappoint!
i went with the seitan sandwich special which featured chunks of seitan grilled up with onions, cabbage, roasted red peppers, green peppers and tomato on a ginormous bun. you have your choice of 4 sauces (harissa aioli, chipotle, wasabi or goddess)* i opted for the chipotle - an excellent choice, in my opinion, to add a sweet little kick without overwhelming the flavor. 
bf got the turkey burger topped with pepperjack cheese, grilled onions, avocado and the chipotle sauce. all toppings (except lettuce, tomato & sauce) are $1 extra. kinda steep, but in total, his burger came out to be $10 which he said was competitive with any other comparable burger he's had in philly.
baskets of fresh-cut fries on other tables looked so enticing that we ended up getting one of our own for an extra $4. i'm not one to order fries, and these (served with a side of the wasabi sauce) thankfully tasted just as fresh and yummy as they looked. we also eyed up a massive plate of mac n cheese, but that, as well as the milkshakes, will have to wait for our next visit.
* note: much to my bf's dismay, the [apparently delicious] thai chili peanut sauce is no longer available.Sketch - just like all the colorful drawings adorning its walls - is a darn cute little joint serving up burgers to the hungry masses (ie, the two boys who were at our table). Our two friends kept insisting to me and my bf that Sketch had the best burgers in Philly and we HAD to go there for dinner with them at some point. Well, "at some point" got dragged out by a few months until finally, FINALLY we hopped on the L train with them and found ourselves before their colorful storefront. 
Even though we arrived a little before 8pm on a Friday, there were no seats and we had to wait - which only made the boys hungrier. But we scored a booth and when our food came out it was well worth it. My bf got the sirloin burger with a few toppings while I was the odd one out and chose a special spicy Italian sausage and lentil soup (OMFG DELICIOUS!). One friend chose the truffle burger while her boyfriend ended up going for the bbq seitan sandwich, which oozed gooey yumminess. We shared an order of fries which came with wasabi aioli; good hand cut fries, but not the best fries I've had. I love that they have vegan/vegetarian friendly items on their menu, including the milkshakes! I have no idea how one could consume both a burger and a shake since only the boys finished their meals and were so stuffed they turned down the thought of dessert. Sketch is such a great local no frills restaurant, with friendly staff and reasonable to cheap prices, you just have to come and try it - no matter where in CC you live!YUMMMMM!
messy and i mean VERY messy but very good.
i'm a huge fan of the vegan burger... i know i know, it's a burger joint and yes, the meat ones are delicious but the vegan burger is one of the best i've had. they also have sweet potato fries! and shakes!I made a quick lunch stop in philly and was told to try this place instead of johns roast pork.  While i cant speak on how good johns roast pork is, this burger was definitely a good decision.
Their burgers are huge, 1/2lbers.  It was juicy and not dry.  I got the cyclops burger which had bacon and a fried egg...love the runny yolk.  I put ketchup on the burger, but i felt it didnt do it justice.  I probably shouldve asked for one of their sauces, like the aoli to give it a little kick.  My mistake.
I was a little dissapointed with the fries though.  They were thick cut, but not really crispy.  We got it with green chili cheese, so it was definitely tasty, but I definitely wouldve prefered crispier fries.
Overall the place was really good and with their multiple burger combinations its worth a repeat visit.I was in the mood for a post hurricane burger yesterday and finally made it to Sketch!  After much hype from my girlfriend I had very high expectations.  Sketch did not disappoint.  I had the smashed onion burger with cheddar cheese, lettuce, tomato and bbq sauce.  We also shared cheese fries.  Both were delicious.  The portions are huge (we could have easily shared a burger) but once you start eating it's hard to put it down.  The atmosphere is perfect for the neighborhood.  Casual and artsy with paper and crayons to sketch with at each table.
My only complaint is the price.  For three of us it cost $42.  We did get cheese fries but I think $14 per person was a bit much for what you get.  That being said, I will definitely be going back next time I want a great burger!I didn't know a burger could be hipster until trying Sketch! The ambiance (if you can call it that) is very divey in a super cool Girard Ave type of way.  Every inch of space is covered in-you guessed it- sketches by burger patrons.  Some of them are really amusing...the titanic parody iceburger right ahead comes to mind.  
I ordered a chicken parm burger which was really good.  The basil on it was fresh and delicious.  Oh, and how could I forget the green chili cheese fries??? They were amazing.
My husband got the cyclops burger, and said it was OK.  However, he was appalled when a $30 bill rolled in for two burgers and an order of fries, so that may have weighed on his opinion.  
So the moral of the story? Pretty good burgers, a little on the pricey side.caribbean green, bbq and tahini sauces are vegan.  sweet potato fries are great, and they have vegan desserts available. 
when in fishtown this is a nice go-to!Best burger I've had in philly. Every time I have ordered a burger it has come cooked exactly right. A great medium rare. They make a pretty hefty burger, too. Then there are the belgian style fries. These taste so good, especially with the harissa aioli.
The sketches are cool and fun. Great idea.My favorite is the Kobe burger, wasabi sauce, tomato and lettuce (no cheese needed). I normally get medium rare and they are really great! 
The normal beef burger or chicken are very good too.
One time I had a bad experience, but it seems that it was a one off. Their cook and waiters have recently changed. I hope they keep it up because I really like this place.This was my second time at Sketch after being impressed on the first visit. This time it was take out. Went in with an out-of-town friend to whom I had raved about the place. We ordered 3 burgers, all medium, a chicken salad and 2 large fries. We were told 35 minutes. I was fine with that. It was a busy Saturday evening. My friend and I strolled the neighborhood and returned 40 minutes later and checked back in with the server. Our order was still not ready. We took a seat and proceeded to wait another 20 minutes until I finally had to ask how much longer. I was told it was coming now. After another 5 minutes they brought the bags up, we paid the $47 and were on our way. Once we got the order home, we discovered 2 of the "medium" burgers were raw/rare. Travel back and return them? Not practical so we deconstructed the burgers and microwaved the meat until they were cooked properly. The fries were disappointingly cool and soggy. The chicken salad and the third burger were passable. Needless to say, it was disappointing to get raw burgers after waiting so long. My guests were not impressed.We ordered take out from them today. Was told it would be 20 minutes. Went to get the food at the time they told us to, then we waited for another 25 minutes for the food. They were totally unapologetic, like this is normal or something. Customer service is terrible. Completely unacceptable. We will not be back- it's absolutely not worth it.I have loved every burger I've tried here and always want to bear hug the chef.  I never tire of the fries dipped in aioli sauce. I like that it's a casual, no frills place.  I can't believe they serve vegan food here too.  I love the mac & cheese, although I didn't used to.  My husband and I would sit there eating this mac & cheese complaining how it's too peppery, but not be able to stop eating it.  WTF?  Now, we crave the stuff.  Pretty cool if you ask me.  Great milkshakes too.I've become quite fond of ground beef and all of it's many incarnations. Meatloaf to meatballs, tacos to lasagna, it's versatility knows no limits. Heck, even though Hamburger Helper tastes just fine by itself , we all know that it's the beef that we crave. Clara Peller knew this and I'm sure you do too. 
Of all it's incarnations, what beef aspires most to become is a Hamburger. I'd go as far as to say, that if a country had to pick a single icon to represent them, America would choose a burger. Fuck Apple Pie!  ( on second thought, knowing my audience, some of you may actually try that).
I've made it my goal to try as many burgers as I can and have already torn through this city, like Wimpy on a bender. The name Sketch had been tossed around frequently, whenever I mentioned my quest. I simply had to try it, but Sketch was playing hard to get. The first time I intended to go, they were closed for a spring vacation. Other times we were nearby, sustenance was found in other places chosen by haters.
Finally, on a recent North Bowl outing, the stars aligned and we all agreed to get our burgers on. As with any worthwhile quest, the journey was difficult. We attempted to walk from North Bowl to Sketch, which isn't too terrible but between the sleety, cold weather, to the darkness it proved difficult. We ended up overshooting it by a few blocks because we were deep in conversation. During the day, this would have been impossible, as the facade of Sketch is as gaudy as a Pastel pimp but We eventually made it inside of the establishment.
It was much smaller inside, than it's reputation led me to believe. I was pretty hungry by this point and was happy that the menu was simple. I chose the onion burger ( it wasn't a burger made out of onions as someone from my table led me to believe, but a beef burger with sauteed onions pressed in) and we decided to share regular and sweet potato fries.
As we waited for our food, it was clear that the name Sketch is not just a name. There was paper and drawing implements on the table and many doodles posted on the walls. We had fun "sketching" eachother and examining other peoples work on the walls. Sketch has a Trader Joes vibe. Kind of a friendly hippy dippy atmosphere that really works for a burger joint. 
The fries came first and they were among the best fries I've ever eaten. The dipping sauce was also a gem. We had made the decision to share and I was beginning to take on a Gollum-like greed towards them counting how many others were taking, searching the table for a sharp knife. Luckily, the burgers arrived, squelching my murderous feelings.
What a burger! Sketch holds it's own among the best burgers I've had. Luckily, I wasn't planning on kissing anyone that evening because there was an entire fried onion patty on that sandwich. Super tasty! 
I sat in the booth afterwards, completely satisfied and feeling like Jughead from the Archie comics. Our server had been excellent ; funny, knowledgable, available.there were interesting homemade dessert options that tempted us but I was content to simply ride out the meat coma I had been placed in.
Overall, I'd have to say that Sketch does ground beef proud. I not only had it my way, but I was lovin' it. I can say with confidence tray the little shop on Girard has the Beef.this local eatery is about 2 blocks from my favourite intErnational turmeric flavored hangout. the burgers at sketch are large and delish with my fav the truffle burger(yeah it's an acquired taste) with the chili cheese fries, share the fries or "itis" will set in quick. it was worth the ride to bumpy girard ave. order roll  scooped for less messy eatdaym.....im super excited i finally got to try this place. top notch burgers and friendly service. unique interior.I want to be a fan, but they're on and off. When they're on they're really on, and if they're not, well, be prepared to eat burnt stuff. The last time I was over there, they burned the onions on my burger. The fries were still really good and the burger was really wet and drippy. 
For the most part it was  ok.Excellent burger for reasonable pricing, sketch also makes their own fresh fries which you can feel in every bite. The tables are filled with paper, crayons and markers which leads to unlimited fun and opportunity to display your art. The staff was very friendly. Would of been 5 stars if only it wasn't freezing while I nipped on my burger and created my masterpiece. If visiting sketch while it's cold out prepare to be chilly. Besides that wonderful experience and definitely would go back.Very good! After a friend of mine deemed Sketch one of his favorite burgers in Philly, I had to try it. He was on the money... Very good! I had the turkey burger with avocado and horseradish cheddar, it was very good! They season the patty which works very well! The staff were extremely friendly as well! I got it 3 hours ago and I'm still full! Try it!I heard so many good things about this place so I decided to give it a shot. Got here before the school rush, so it didn't take long for the food. Tried the regular beef burger and grilled chicken sandwich. Enormous, so it'll be worth your money and it seemed like they used fresh ingredients and buns. I enjoyed the burgers and a random conversation with a septa worker. Waiting to be more adventurous burgers next time.Ever been to a place and then find yourself trying to go back? This is that place for me. I never get around to it due to the universe getting between me and the burgers "I'm always talking about at work". MUST find time to come back! My only regret is being on a diet last time I went. I ended up splitting a burger with a friend... And I didn't want to split or share anything after the first bite! Ugh...A cool, unpretentious burger place in the fishtown area of the city (which is kind of getting big these days). Burgers are monstrous and pretty tasty, though you generally cannot move afterwards. I'm a fan of the cyclops burger - burger with an egg - but you will find a few options for everyone - including vegetarians. 
There are few other good burger places in the area, but I would probably hit up sketch because it is laid back and the staff is nice.Can't wait to try everything they can cook!! Loved the bison bacon burger with horseradish cheddar cheese and avocado, put me in a euphoric food coma!!- super friendly staff and cool atmosphere too!Stopping in for a burger for lunch with a couple friends I was surprised to find a totally empty burger place, at least with such variety, in such a location.  Walking in your eye jumps to the walls covered in crayon drawings of ideal burgers, jokes, etc. made by previous customers. I know because my friend was rather excited that his was still up by the register. That being said, I was told to get the kobe beef burger and to give my reaction in comparison to 500°, Marathon Grill, PYT, DiBruno Bros., and Squareburger. My companions ordered the same, two well-done, and I being the snob that I am ordered mine medium rare. Now let it be known that I'm not one to complain, I'm always the guy that eats his food in silence, good or bad, you got one shot.
That being said, the burgers arrived burnt to a crisp, almost an insult to well-done. and in addition to that, the harissa aioli that was to adorn my burger was on my friend's sandwich, which he wiped off. Eating my hockey puck, I found the only saving grace were the fries, which tasted to me as though they had been partially cooked earlier and refried to order. I'm all for pommes frites, but I don't think that's quite what they were aiming for. They weren't bad but not what I had hoped for, the availability of dipping sauces saved it (good fries don't need condiments!).
Don't think I'll be returning anytime soon. Maybe if I need a soda...or shade.This place is very very good.  Bring your appetite as the burgers are big.  Both my daughter and I had the onion burger and thought they were as good as anywhere and the fries were excellent.Food and staff are amazing. I used to live in Fishtown and this was a favorite stop for dinner or lunch. Their specials are always delicious as well. I will go back whenever I visit and always recommend to others.This place was perfect for a Saturday afternoon with a toddler.  Family friendly, quick, and delicious.  Excellent burgers, perfect milk shakes, yummy seasoned fries with your choice of dipping sauces.
I am always in search of my next favorite burger, and this might just be it.  What I liked most of all- the staff, they were all SO kind, friendly, and accommodating.  Will definitely be going back.
Come with an empty stomach- these burgers are big.Best burgers in Philly! Check out my full review here! :) http://goodyummyeats.wordpress.com/2013/09/10/sketch-burger-the-best-burgers-in-philly/Yum! Around the corner from my house, it's filling (huge burgers), and I'm envious of the mac and cheese. It's sooooo good. I've so far had the regular burger and the turkey burger. You also get a choice of sauce for the burger, and I chose chipotle. Choose chipotle!
They also have a special board, and my b/f got some fish tacos (fried fish). They were okay, but I like unfried fish in my tacos. I can't remember what else I've had here, but their baked goods look insane too! I wonder if they're open in the morning for those...
We've always gotten takeout, but sitting in would be cute. The place is full of sketches (duh) and kitschy decor. There are 3-4 booths and some other tables. I like the counter by the window. Very decent. Thumbs up, and all that!The first thing that struck me about this place wasn't the food, but the amazing service I received from the minute I walked in. The delicious food is the cherry on top!All of the food I've had here has been absolutely delicious and the staff have always been excellent. The restaurant itself has a bit of a hipster feel to it which I kind of like, but may leave something to be desired for some. Appearances aside, this place is fantastic!The best burgers you'll probably ever have. Definitely order truffle butter on your burger, you'll thank me later. They also have great Belgian-cut fries that come with your choice of dipping sauce. The space itself is really small (I'd say only about 20-25 customers can fit) so you may have to find the right time of day to go, but its not one of those line-out-the-door places. All in all, Sketch is a Fishtown staple and a Philadelphia gem, and every time a friend of mine visits Philly for the first time I take them here.Amazing fries, great burgers! BYOB? Even better. A must visit in Fishtown. The Cyclops Burger and aioli sauce are the best.I'm pretty picky with burgers and Sketch totally delivers.  The beef is what stands out to me.  Great flavor and freshness.  Not too salty but not flavorless. Also not oily.  The burgers sit extremely well in my belly.  No drama.  
Best of all is the incredibly friendly service.  It's great to get a smile and cheerful personality.  It makes a difference and shows that they care about what they are doing. Burger temps are accurate which is great.  If you can't get that right..,.
Anyway.  I work in the city so it takes a lot to bring me back down on my free time and sketch burger is often a reason to make the drive.   There are always people here which is another sign of good food.This place was referred to me as "the best burger in Philadelphia" and so far, I must agree.
I had a truffle burger, rare and without cheese and it was GOOD. Perhaps one of the best hamburgers I've ever eaten. The waitress was reluctant to put it down on the table when she brought it out, she kinda wanted to eat it herself (and told me as much).
The fries were also good. I could not finish them, due to the immensity and nature of the burger I ate with them. I suggest two people per cone.
Will definitely bring others here for the tasty experience.I've been trying for months to actually go here, and last night was the first time they were actually open.  Mostly worth the wait.  
The burgers are kind of huge.  Delicious, but gut busting.  I don't think much would be lost making the burgers more reasonably sized. The vegan burger was really good--had a texture similar to a well done meat burger, but was a bit flavorless.  Good thing for the sauce and additions!  As a vegetarian, I'd rather have this burger than one down the street at the burger place on the Piazza.
Fries?  Outstanding.  Seriously.  They had sweet potato fries as a special and, well, yum.  Possibly the best sweet potato fries I've ever had.  The standard fries were also delicious.
Cookie for dessert was taken on the road, because I just didn't have room.  It was pretty good--kind of greasy, but deliciously indulgent. 
My dining companions got shakes, so it's no wonder they had no room for dessert. 
Price was very reasonable,Went here last night w/ the BF. It's a little weird being in love with a meat-eater, but I'm trying to get used to it. He seemed to really enjoy his burger, but this is my [vegan] review, not his.
Great atmosphere, really fun, I love any opportunity to use crayons! LOVED the fries. Had the seitan sandwich & well, I kind of hated it. I also kind of hated their BBQ sauce.
Nevertheless, I'd go back for the fries alone, and I'd give the veggie burger a chance...as well as the vegan chocolate shake (duh).
If I really like the veggie burger, I'll update my review. But awesome fries alone can't carry any more than 3 stars.Pros:
-Great burgers
-Great food in general
-Cool theme!
Cons:
-Doesn't accept cards, ATM inside
-It's slightly out of the way for most people
-Fairly small.Biggest patty I've ever seen and ohhhhhhhhh so juicy. Could've used some more salt in the meat but I know a lot of people don't like seasoned beef so I won't hold it against them. Fries were delish too. I'd definitely recommend. Visiting Philly and was pleasantly surpriseI really like their burgers here, like.. a lot. I've never gotten anything other than the Truffle butter burger + mushrooms + swish cheese. They actually cook the burger however you order it, it's always perfectly medium when I order. It's juicy, truffly, and you just can't go wrong there with a solid burger.
My friends have raved about the Dr. Pepper Pulled Pork and also the Cyclops burger. I just can't say no to truffle.
The sweet potato fries were also perfectly crispy and nice and tender on the outside.
The burger will run you between $8-11 most likely depending on type / toppings you get . 
2 burgers + sweet potato fries + 2 sodas ran us to a $29 bill.
Friendly staff as well. And I love all the sketch drawings on the walls!Solid burger, not worth the wait.  Seated immediately, waited 30 mins just for fries then another 20 minutes for a burger that took me 5 minutes to eat. Ridiculously slow wait staff as well.Hands down my favorite burger in Philadelphia, I always get the same thing but my god why would I change.
I get the truffle burger, angus beef cooked in truffle butter, with truffle seasoning topped with mushrooms.  I add a fried egg, thick cut bacon and some advocado.  Mmmmmm, so good.  But the fries could take center stage on their own.  Handcut, fried till every bite is ultra crispy and then dip them into sketchs spicy garlic aioli sauce.  Omg soooo good!
And when your done drop the 2-3 bucks on a fresh cookie. Add a soda and your looking at spending $20.
Not to shabby, if I say so myself!Oh. My. God. This is the best burger that I've ever had in my entire life. 
I've been hearing a lot about this place, but haven't been to check it out myself. I'm so glad that I now have first-hand knowledge about the awesomeness that is Sketch. 
I went with three friends, and we all got something different...then switched plates so we could each try everything. I got the burger with truffle butter and mushrooms, and I cannot say enough good things about it. It was absolutely mouthwatering. Another friend got a Kobe beef burger with avocado and bacon, which was also amazing. It had a garlicky aioli sauce on it that our server (I think the owner?) said was homemade. Delicious! 
The third person in our party ordered the pulled pork sandwich. It was sweet, with a little bit of kick, and juicy...not dry at all. As much as I love the burgers, the next time I come in (and there will be a next time), that's what I'm ordering. Finally, another friend ordered a couple of different empanadas from their specials board. They had a few different varieties available, and everything we tried was yumtastic.
Lots of people love the fries, and I'm no exception. I'm so glad that I found this spot, and will make it a regular Philly visit. Oh, and the staff and servers were awesome...very helpful and friendly. Wins all around!!Great place. I can't not get a burger every time I come here. The fries are awesome. Everyone here is kind and helpful.I'm going to keep this short.
The burgers are overrated. I ordered mine medium rare because I like 'em juicy, and what I got was medium well. The first few bites I was fooled into thinking it was delicious but as I continued to chow down, I started feeling like I was duped. I almost had dry mouth. Ugh! Not even the freshness of the lettuce and tomato could help that poor, bland wannabe burger.
Needless to say, I was disappointed. I was really in the mood for a delicious burger and based upon the good things I'd heard about theirs, I thought for sure this would be a four or five star experience. Wah, wah, I'm crying now.
While I won't go back to Sketch for a burger, I will go back for their phenomenal milkshakes. Those babies are super thick and mighty tasty. Best milkshake I've had in a long time, possibly even in my entire life. (They really are that good. I'm not exaggerating.)
Oh, the green chili cheese fries are quite scrumptious, too, but overpriced for the amount you get. The plain fries, on the other hand, just fail. We're talking FAIL Blog fail. Maybe Sketch was having a bad day?
Overall, the milkshake is Sketch's saving grace. Now that I think about it, maybe my review is biased because I prefer milkshakes to cheeseburgers. Hmm ... just maybe.
PS. What's with the little signs all over the place basically asking you to tip your server? Um, what server? You order at the register and the woman brings your food to the table when it's ready. That does not a server make. I think they should decide what they're going for here. If I'm going to tip someone, I shouldn't have to order and pay at the register, as well as clean off my table afterward. Hmm ... a little sketchy, no?okok, so im writing from the vegan's perspective. 
I have heard lots of great things from people about their meat and other nonvegan food but I am vegan, so:
I get very excited when places are vegan friendly and even will pay the extra money in order to enjoy a vegan coffee milkshake, because how often does that happen? not often at all. I loved sketch, and never stopped recommending it to people.
BUT I have finally had it. Too many times I have gone into this vegan friendly joint to be served something that i thought was vegan with non vegan items on it. For example, I order a vegan burger, its served on a nonvegan bun, or they change their sauces from mostly all vegan to only two that are and not mention it. So I find out when im re-reading the menu while i wait for my boyfriend to finish. 
I am no longer going to spend 22 bucks on a grain based burger (THAT TASTES DIFFERENTLY EVERYTIME) french fries, and a milkshake. I was a sucker a few times, but no longer.I haven't had Belgian fries like this in a long while.  They are really crispy on the outside and hot and fluffy on the inside.   They come  before your burger and really hot.  My only criticism of them is that they aren't long enough.  You end up fishing in the basket for fry pieces which is really annoying.   I still ate most of them.  For $2 with a sauce for a small order, it's a bargain.
I got the beef burger.   Extremely huge burger, I wish there was a mini version or a 6oz one instead.   Half a pound of burger is a lot.  I asked for it medium and it was slightly over medium, but I can be really picky about burger temperature.   A little annoying, but still a good burger.  Also, the cheese was really gooey and kinda slid off the burger and then the burger began to fall apart.   The caramelized onions were cooked down a lot, but you could tell they were prepared well in advance and was cold.  
All things considered, I'll be back and please the the Harissa aioli on the fries, it was great!I'm a bit of a burger snob.  Maybe it's specificity that I search for, but this place didn't really impress me.  The burgers are monsterous and messy (though I got mine mid-rare and a fried egg) but it seemed like it was almost an inch thick and served in a paper tray.  There weren't a whole lot of tastes and textures, but it wasn't a "bad" burger either.  I think that the burgers at Abbaye or Standard Tap are better than this place.  The Belgian Fries are pretty decent (though nothing like Pommes Frites in NYC) and the sauces (I only tried two) are also pretty good and lardy.  
It's got a quaint interior, colorful, small.. but it's very comfortable.. complete with paper and markers to "sketch" your own drawing.  Get it now?  The employees and servers are really nice.  
Worth a visit, but I wasn't completely sold.We found this place extremely randomly, we were on our way to the Sugar House, and happened to see this place on the way.
Those fries. Those Belgian cut french fries. a large order for only $3. I'm loving this place. Fancypants restaurants also put these "pommes frites" in a cone with mayonnaise and charge like $12. not the case at sketch.
My husband got the Dr.Pepper pulled pork sandwich, ( i tried a bite..or 3) it was awesome, came on a nice soft bun. Just delicious.  I wanted a burger really bad because they all sounded so good, but i knew I wouldn't be able to eat something that big so I opted for the hot dog, which was delicious and came on nice baguette bread. The highlight though was definitely those fries, and the garlic aoili it came with. 
I am a compulsive doodler, so it was great that we could sit and draw little pictures until our food came as well.
I can't wait to go back.Because of the menu, location, and yelp cred I could definitely see myself being a regular here.... if the burgers were three or four dollars cheaper.Not only are the burgers delicious but the staff is super accomodating, they have a fun dog walking around the restaurant and the milkshakes are to die for!!
I got the vegan burger with mushrooms and onions (i am not a vegan but wanted to try something different) It was amazing and the french fries made the meal!! Can't wait to go back and try something newOne of The Best Burgers that I've had in a while, Awesome! My Kobe Burger was Tender and Juicy through every bite, paired with Fresh Toppings(Lettuce, Tomato and Pickles)and Great Cheese Selections-It's a match made in Heaven. The French Fries were "The Bomb"! We ordered the Cheese Fries, Parmesan Truffle Fries and Regular Fries. They were All Great and with Their House-Made Sauces We were in French Fry Heaven! We Loved every minute of Our Eating Experience! We plan to return soon!Sketch is a great find.  Love the enthusiasm of the owner Phyllis.   She's truly a Foodie and it shows in every way.  You must try her homemade desserts as well as her great sandwiches and fries.Terrific food, my favorites are the Smashed onion Burger, the Falafel, the sweet potato fries with Garlic Aoli sauce and there yummy desserts. Also the server is awesome, music is great and the atmosphere is fun. I love the sketches on the walls.I don't understand the bad reviews! They make their own vegan burgers which is pretty awesome. Plus they're creative with toppings and sides. Decor leaves a little to be desired, but I can look past that for delicious food.Tried this place out last night. I had the kobe burger and it was grilled to perfection..very, very good! I'm giving them only four stars because I also had the fries which were nothing to write home about. But I would definitely have the burger again.Best burger in the city. They REALLY need to start accepting credit cards and delivery...even grubhub or postmates. I would order WAY more if they offered delivery services.OK, I'm very disappointed that I have to write a less than stellar review of a neighborhood venture. I just cant look past the fast that I paid over $12 dollars for a burger that I ended up throwing away.
I decided to check it out one night while my wife was at work and I had the house to myself. Seeing all the positive feedback Sketch has been receiving and the fact that I live one street away had already formed a good opinion in my mind with out actually eating anything yet.
I ordered the Kobe burger with pepperjack cheese and aioli sauce. I believe the total came to just below $13. 
First of all, that instantly takes it out of the family friendly category for me. I can't fathom spending $39.00 before drinks and tips for my wife and son, but then again, I'm middle class. Seems like there are many new to the hood, where this isn't an issue, I'm envious of you.
Now I took my burger to go. I'm sitting at home, unwrapping the large sandwich, looking forward to my first bite. That's when I encounter my first problem and probably a personal preference, but it was an issue for me. The cheese was sliced way too thick. I had two quarter inch thick for a total of one half inch thick slice of cheese. They didn't melt at all and I like my cheese to some what melt. Maybe others like it this way, if that were my only problem, I'd give Sketch better review and make sure I tell the food prep person to slice thinner.
My main issue and this is the deal sealer is that the burger was so salty it was gross. I could feel the salt crystals on my teeth when biting down. It was the nastiest taste. My best guess is that the slat shaker lid fell off when making this, I cant see how else this could happen. i was able to eat about a quarter or so before the taste was so bad I tossed it.
If any of the Sketch people see this, please ditch the salt, leave it up to the individual eater to put salt/pepper on their own burger. I'm sure this was just a aberration since I didn't see anything in other reviews saying this, but it was enough for me.Cool customer artwork on the walls and great food. The place is super small but service was quick and burgers, fries and shakes are delicious.Sketch is one of my favorite burger joints in Philly. Way better than PYT hands down. Their smashed onion burger with green goddess sauce.. WOW. The burgers are always moist and juicy!  I also love that they make vegan treats. Their sweets always look so delicious, but I'm usually too stuffed to thing about more food after I shove down a burger and some sweet potato fries. 
Only complaint is the service is spotty. Sometimes is can be really slow. It's also cash only which can be annoying when you forget to get cash out prior to going.Good prices. Veggie burger with chipotle sauce is amazing! The seitan special was really salty- which was unpleasant so ask for no salt! The sweet potato fries are amazing- I didn't really like the table service tonight- I miss the old fashioned way order at the register and then they bring you food- but I guess that way you didn't have to tip so they now make more moneySketch WTF!?
I've been coming to your business for awhile & have noticed a steady decline - especially since the new owner of the business.
Taking the falafel off the menu?!! So sad, it was by far the best item on the menu. The veggie burger is just meh at best.
We have ordered take-out & items have been missing from our order.... including the top of a bun to the burgers. Items have also recently been cold. 
Not sure how I'm feeling about Sketch lately. :/The seitan sandwich I had tonight was really, really good.  Their seitan sandwiches have come a long way from when they first opened.Unfortunately, we did not love this place and there are much better burgers elsewhere in the city...
Pros:
Quick, friendly, and efficient service
Cold toppings (lettuce, tomato, onion and pickles were fresh, cold and tasty)
Buns were fresh and sauces were pretty good
Fun decor with drawings of patrons on the wall - great for kids!
Cons:
Sirloin burgers did not have any flavor on their own - so cheese and sauce are necessary 
Ordered the sweet potato fries and they were mostly burnt and basically inedible
Average milkshakes (not a ton of flavor) - bit pricey at $6 a pop
It seems others enjoyed the Kobe and Truffle burgers more so if I went back I'd be inclined to try one of those, but other than a huge fairly cheap burger, there's not much to praise here in terms of taste.Bf brought me here after he saw this place on some food show. It's a good find. Based on the reviews, we tried the green chili cheese fries. They were good. Seasoned well. We shared a veggie empanada. That came with this tasty green dipping sauce. I ordered the vegan burger with hot mustard. Really good. My bf got the beef burger w wasabi sauce. He liked it a lot. We saw some really cool artwork on the walls too. Staff was friendly and attentive.Huge burgers and all of them are delicious. If ordering the cyclops burger, ask the egg to be cooked enough that the yolk won't explode all over when you in that first bite. And the sweet potato fries are the best. Get them and share because again the burger is gonna fill you up. Only thong is that this place is small and a max of 4 per table can fit but that shouldn't make this any less of a place for good food. Haven't tried the milkshakes but they look good and a prettty large order too.Best veggie burger in Fishtown. That's saying something: best veggie burger in a hipster enclave where the veggie burger is of equal importance to the meat version. Tons of topping options - truffle butter, for example.The burger was HUGE and tasty however there could have been a bit more flavor- maybe it was because I only got the beef burger. The fries with cheese were amazing and the waitstaff was awesome! I loved the idea of drawing sketches. 
My only complaints were I wish you did not have to pay extra for cheese on your burger and I wish the place was bigger - which can't be changed. But it was clearly popular and more seating is needed! 
I'll be back if I'm in the area again!I checked out sketch burger about a month ago because I'm seriously into burgers. Like SERIOUSLY into burgers. I heard a lot of good things from friends in the city. We walked in and placed our orders and got some sodas out of the reach in fridge they have there. Cash only place which I didn't mind and they also have an ATM in the dining area in case you forget cash. Now let's go on to the food. The fries came out first and they were absolutely fantastic. I was impressed and I was excited for the burger. I ordered a bacon cheeseburger medium. Well upon the burger coming out it looked delicious. I took a bite and much to my dismay the burger was cooked completely well done. Now I'm not sure how you can be known as a burger joint and not cook the burgers at the temperature people ask for. Maybe the cooks had a bad day or something but this was a super disappointing trip for me. Maybe I'll give it another try and hopefully they will cook my burger properly.Okay, Sketch is a super dangerous place to go to satisfy the munchies. The food looks and is so delicious, but it is also plentiful. Almost too plentiful. 
Against good judgement, I consumed an entire vegan burger that was about the side of my head and half of an order of french fries. My boyfriend had a sirloin burger that was "perfectly cooked" (medium). My burger was brown and crispy around the edges and flavorful. The patty extended about an inch all the way around the bun, but I was okay with that. It was massive. That's what she said.
The only downer - we called our order in ahead of time, asking for our respective sauces on the side, since the last time we brought burgers home from here, my burger was too saucy (I know, hard to believe). We got home and there were no sauces! But it wasn't so bad - we both sauced up on our own with a little ketchup and the burgers wound up perfect. Delicious. 
I ate my burger sometime in the six o'clock hour. I went to bed several hours later, still super full. Maybe the chocolate chip cookies I made for dessert, or the absent-minded snacking I continued to do for the rest of the night had something to do with it. But I'm going to go ahead and blame it on the Sketch.
To counteract this and the massive helping of free goodies at yesterday's Yelp event, I am eating a giant bowl of fruit.Hands down the best burgers in Philly and more. I have been going to Sketch for about a year now and never had a bad meal. To the reviewers that complain about the price for the quality you can not get a better price. Also the place is cool just to hang out and chill. This is one of the best kept secrets in the city but I do not think it will stay that waySketch Burgers definitely lives up to the hype.
My journey began with me narrowly missing the location, but finding a primo parking spot right down the block. The building/eatery is unassuming and was faintly hidden behind some trees, adding to the mystery as we walked in.
The decor was cool and simple, foreshadowing the feel you get from their amazing food.
My gf and I both ordered the vegan bean burger, asked for it to be well done, and added our own spin with additional toppings. Also got the Belgian fries and the brownie w ice cream, and they too were phenomenal.
The burger patty tasted fresh with that made from scratch texture to it. The green goddess sauce added a perfect spice to it, and I will def be choosing that sauce again when I return. 
Overall, this place made it to my top 2 list for burgers. Its only competition lies with the veggie boom burger from UBurger in Boston.... But it's an epic tie. Can't wait to come here again!I am obsessed with burgers. In fact, I'm defrosting one right now so I can eat it for lunch. After hearing all the commotion about Sketch, I decided I had to try one on for size. I wanted to start out simple, so I said, "just a cheeseburger with sauteed onions, lettuce, and tomato." 20 minutes later, I'm racing home, burger aromas overwhelming my car, Giles in the backseat threatening to steal my meat with one swift move...we arrive. Up the stairs, I hit the living room and unwrap my burger. Mushrooms ooze out the sides, bacon sticks out at all ends, bleu cheese encrusts the top of my meat, sauteed onions...
Let's just say this wasn't the burger I ordered, but it's probably best that it came home with me. Clearly, the actual owner of my mistake-burger was on mission: death by burger. I attempted to eat it, but found it nearly impossible to take a satisfactory bite. I could only fit half the thing in my mouth. 
For those of you who prefer size to compactness, this might be the place for you. I prefer the burger and toppings to be tightly hugged by the bread. Think: 5 Guys, In n Out, Shake Shack type places. 
I'm not knocking the mistake they made by giving me the wrong burger, I'm just saying their burger-style isn't my cup o'tea. Still, I'm willing to give it another try.Sketch is one of my favorite places to grab a bite in fishtown. The service and food here are great and the specials keep me coming back for more.  I usually get the Kobe burger with a fried egg and bacon. If it's not that ill pick one of the many daily specials they have here. 
Also don't forget to try the shakes and homemade desserts here. Green ice cream floats are bombI love this quirky burger shop so much. Such a good find in fishtown. There is seating outside for a nice day (beware of crackheads, remember you're in fishtown). Or you could get served inside and look at the great sketches taped up all over the walls. My boyfriend and I have gotten the cyclops burger and cheese fries. The cyclops burger is huge and good. The ingredients that are on the burger are what make the burger so great. Otherwise the actual burger itself is a little dry and not so juicy (maybe because it's so huge OR maybe because they over cooked my medium into a well burger). As for the cheese fries -- THEY ARE THE REAL HERO HERE. I think they put crack in their cheese. And the order is huge so you really only need 1 order for 4 people. My bf and I decided to reheat the fries in the oven. They were still so good we were even eating the burnt pieces lol.Came here during a quick burger run on Friday night with my sister while visiting her in Philly. Maybe our expectations were too high for a good burger but it wasn't what it was chalked up to be. It's not in the nicest area and they only have a few tables. The servers are really nice but the actual service is super slow. The burger is thick but it really takes a long time to come out from the kitchen. We got the mushroom truffle burger with green goddess sauce on the side. We shared the burger because we were doing a mini burger crawl and heading to PYT afterwards. The burger was just okay, still juicy despite the thickness and being overcooked for a medium temperature. The sauce was the star of the plate though. We took the rest of ours home to use on chicken, fish, etc to cook during the weekend hah. Overall - unmemorable.I have been coming to sketch for over a year and I absolutely love this place! 
It's BYOB! wohoo
They offer a salad for your burger rather than a bun and as a diabetic, i am very very happy about that. 
A week ago was my boyfriends birthday and since we both adore Sketch I decided to plan a surprise dinner there. It was a success! 
Not only did Sketch take my reservation of 12 people, took my order for 18 cupcakes with the words "Happy Birthday" but they put candles on the cupcakes and made them half reg. and half vegan!
Everyone loved it and the service is superb! Love you Sketch and love the good people that work there!I LOVE SKETCH. I'll say it again: I LOVE SKETCH. Their food is AMAZING. It's not always the healthiest, but it is SO good. The burgers are great, they have a ton of vegan/vegetarian options, I'm in love with their fries, and their mac and cheese is ridiculously awesome. They're great for take-out too (no delivery). The service is sometimes slow, but always worth it. Plus, you can make your own drawing to hang out the wall. Seriously. I love Sketch.This place is the tits! Michelle is super cool and awesome. I mean who doesn't like delicious burgers and drawing. But for real though, burgers here are great. Big, but don't fall apart all messed up like some other places. If you commit, it's definitely eatable without getting everything all over yourself. 
They also have way cool drawings by patrons who have come before. Def SnapChat worthy. Just try and draw something as cool. 
Intimate without being stuffy, with great burgers and fresh specials you won't find many other places.Charming little place in Fishtown..  The walls are filled with sketches made by the patrons. And they give you supplies to make your own drawing. And good food great atmosphere. I tried the farro salad with mixed veggies which was a generous portion and was very delectable. I would go there again for sure. They have a really good black bean burger. Yummers! 
Definitely try their sweet goodies too I tried the salty nut and pecan pie bar. And some of my friends got the little hearts and the dark chocolate truffle. Very very tasty.I loved the cool, fun atmosphere of this restaurant. There were probably hundreds of patron artwork plastered on the walls of this place, which gave it an unique vibe. My boyfriend used to live in PA and when we visited, he insisted on bringing me to the best burger he's ever had. I got the American Kobe Burger with Pepper Jack and an egg. My boyfriend got the Truffle Butter Burger. Both were cooked on point and the patty was very juicy. Although the burgers looked really plain, it was actually full of flavor. We also got a side of fries that came with marissa aioli. They were thick cut and not too greasy. 
The restaurant is a little hard to find and parking isn't great. However, you'll forget all about it once you try their burgers!I'm not usually one to write a place off because of bad service, but this place is the exception.
To start, the girl behind the counter was confused about taking our order, didn't understand simple questions about the menu.  I was expecting to wait a little bit for the food, but our wait was excessive.  Let me also preface this by saying, my group was only 1 of 3 groups of people in the place.
They gave part of our order to the wrong table, then blamed it on the other customer.  The people that came in about 5 minutes after us, got their food way before us.
I was with a group of 3 people, they then brought 2 of 3 burgers, and seemed to totally forget we ordered another and fries.  Our server came over, not once, not twice, but three times asking, "what are you guys missing?"  
I must say, the food was very good, which makes me feel bad about writing this negative review.  The milkshakes were great, and I love that you can get a vegan one (i'm lactose-intolerant).  The burger was awesome, very filling.  But $40 for 3 people having burgers is kind of ridiculous as well.
Oh, and even better, when we went to pay, the cashier, who took our order and brought it out to us, had to again ask us what we had.  I should have told her i had just a coffee.  
To sum it up, if you want an expensive, tasty burger, want to wait a long time for it, and feel like putting up with horrible service, then this is the place for you.  There are plenty of other local places, like Memphis Taproom, that make even better burgers, that come with fries, for almost half the price, with spectacular service.This place keeps my ADD butt busy. Sketching eating drinking. I love this shop of BurgerBliss"I'm building the most ridiculously sloppy burger possible!  Why?... because the beard is officially gone, fuck napkins" is how my most recent conversation started with one of the employees here!  Ohhh believe me, she made sure it was as sloppy as it was delicious.  
  A great selection of meats, cheeses, sauces and fixins', build your baby as you see fit & you will not be disappointed.  While you wait for your creation, grab some chalk, paper, markers, or crayons and create another masterpiece on the construction paper at the tables & add it to the collage that is the interior walls.  Where the hell was this place when i was 6, all Friendly's ever gave me was a 2 pack of crayons and a shitty place mat.  
  I have eaten here countless times, & am yet to be disappointed.  Anyone that has ever accompanied me here has left at least a half a pound heavier in need of a lounge chair contemplating the idea of becoming bulimic.  Hell it was that good I wanna taste it again!A burger joint for people who like to sketch!
The place itself is nothing to write home about.  In fact, I think they paper the wall with all of those sketches to hide the fact that the inside of the restaurant is in fact, a little sketchy looking.
That aside!  If you like burgers and are, like my fiance,  in a constant quest to find the best burger in town, then you should definitely check out this Fishtown spot.  I got the "cyclops burger" with provolone, bacon, and a fried egg on top.  Ooey-gooey, meaty goodness!
+     Fantastic, juicy burgers
+     Fun, witty Sketches of things like the Heisenburger
+/-   Good spot for hipster watching if you're into that
-      For a burger joint, I was surprised by the long-ish wait for our food
-      CASH ONLY (annoying)Some friends have been telling us we HAVE to go and we finally got to try Sketch's burgers.
I'd say it lived up to the hype. The burger was juicy and delicious. A little rarer than I prefer but that's my fault.. they cook burgers exactly to how you ask which I'm not used to so I usually ask for "medium rare" in order to get "medium" and Sketch actually gave me "medium rare" so that's really a pro for them. 
The decor was fun and it was nice having something to do (doodling!) while waiting for our food.
The fries were incredible.. I'm dying to try them with cheese next.I've been wanting to try a Sketch burger for a long time. I've heard many good things about this place. I finally got to check it out the other week, and all good things I've heard turned out to be true.
I had the American kobe beef burger, and it was pretty awesome. I'd say the 2nd best burger I've ever tasted. (Bridget Foy's is my number one!) I asked for fries with a side of cheese, but the waitress told me that they have good sauces and she REALLY wanted me to try their sauces instead. (Ok, whatever lady).... she gave me a chipotle sauce, and some other kind of garlic sauce which was pretty good. I also asked for the mac n cheese( I was super hungry that day), but the waitress told me NO! She said that the mac n cheese is a meal in itself and that I should come back another day and order that by itself. Haha. this lady was pretty ballsy. but she was also super nice and friendly soo it's cool. I will just have to come back again one day to try out this mac n cheese that I've heard so much about.
I've also heard that on certain days they serve ostrich burgers and buffalo burgers which iI wouldn't want to try but I find it pretty interesting. 
All in all, Sketch is a cute little burger place, and I will defintely be back!really big fan of the creativity going on in the restaurant. Burger was cooked to perfection, however they lose a star because i once overheard the owner talking to what seemed to be a family member saying that they accept cash only so they can make extra money on your service fee at the ATM inside... not a fan of your loophole antics to take my money. ITS 2018! buy a Square for heaven sake.This place is exactly what you want from a burger place. If I am ever craving a juicy burger, I come here. Sketch burger has a great variety of traditional and eclectic choices. Even though I don't need to worry about it, they have a pretty good selection of vegetarian selection (including the seitan cheesesteak which my brother tells me is delicious). I also highly recommend the green chile cheese fries. They alone keep me coming back!After scouring the area for the best local food our feet could carry us to and by that of course i mean using yelp, we came across sketch burger. It had four stars at the time and after our experience i could say its a true 4-5 star. If your looking for a large delicious burger with thick and crunchy fries this is the place. The dining area is small and cozy but your quickly distracted with all the customer own drawn decor. The walls are lined with cartoons and sketches ranging from amateur to prodigy either way all worth a laugh while waiting for your food. The food comes out quickly and the burger choices are minimal but people often overlook the flavor and worth of just a good burger. Can customize your burger with cheese and sauce options and the LTO toppings are hearty. Be sure to check out the menu on the wall because its different than there menu at the table. The chili was a silent front runner especially in the winter. They have can and bottle type soda drinks that are self served but they only accept cash. They had an ATM in the building but it was out of service when we went but there is one a block down. Overall a good experience.Can be amazing but not consistently enough for a higher review. When it's good, it's the best burger you'll find anywhere in the greater Philadelphia area. It's just only that good about 1 of every 3 times. If you dine in you'll get your fries 20 minutes before your burger which doesn't work for people like me that want to eat them together. That being said the fries are fantastic and pair really well with the sauces offered. As far as consistency, I often get food from here for my girlfriend and I and we can order the same burger cooked to the same wellness and they won't resemble each other at all. The last time we got food from here, a few days ago, the burgers were unrecognizable as being from sketch and far from the best we've had there. We keep coming back on the chance we'll catch them at their best which is an overwhelmingly satisfying experience, but for the price we're let down more often than not.
UPDATED 9/7/18
This place used to be hit or miss, now it's just miss. I completely regret going back at this point. At $40 for 3 underwhelming burgers and some semi raw fries it almost feels like they stole the money right off of my dresser.Fantastic in all ways. The service is exceptionally nice and pleasant. The smashed onion burger was great - same for the fries and dipping sauce. Love the down home feel to the place. Can't wait to go back and try the shakes.I wish I could have Phyllis cook for me all the time!  The best pulled pork i have ever head, an amazing burger, and daily specials, including new empenadas that will blow your mind.  I spend way too many nights eating there, but I never complain cause it's always something new and always something delicious.Hands down the best burger in all of Philadelphia and the best burger I have ever eaten in my life. I have been here so many times and am always impressed by the quality of meat and how juicy the burger is. Also you have to try the sweet potato fries with the garlic aioli. That is money right there. I recommend try the truffle butter burger and you will never eat at another burger place again.  I wish I could rate past 5!!!!Great beef burgers.  Great vegan burgers.  Great fries.  Great sauces.  Excellent baked goods.  The milk shakes are a bit pricey but delicious.  Overall, an excellent meal.  The decor is fun and funky with church pew seating and lots of customer's sketches hanging on the walls.  We prefer to take our food to-go as the seating area is somewhat awkward and small...and we have a toddler who wants to run around.I stopped by here for the first time on Saturday with a friend to watch the Kensington Kinetic Sculpture Derby go by on Girard Ave.  I've heard great things about this place but had never ventured there.
Hands down, the best burger I've ever had in Philly!  Also, a shout-out to the fries; I don't know what they season them with but they were perfect!  They even included malt vinegar on the table, which I love, but I didn't use it or ketchup or any sauce on them.  As for the burger, I ordered the cyclops (bacon and fried egg) which was cooked to a perfect medium with just the right amount of pink in the center for me.  The burger was extremely juicy and made a giant mess on my hands and serving dish which to me is a sign of an awesome burger!  The messier, the better!  Also, the milkshakes were also quite delicious!
The sketching-while-you-wait is a whimsical touch too.  As many have mentioned prior, the walls of this joint are filled with other people's artwork.  It gives the place a cozy, artsy feel.  The wait staff was very friendly as well.
2 burgers, a large fry to share and 2 milkshakes came to about $30....a great Saturday lunch which kept me full the rest of the day.  Thanks guys!!!Ok.  This has gotten ridiculous.  I discovered a penny at the bottom of the shake cup.  Pretty gross.  Down to 0 stars.Sketch offers burgers of epic proportions. I find it unfair that they don't have small cots to pass out on after you've ingested your weight in burger. 
BURGERS: The burgers themselves are great. Cooked the way you want them, and with many creative options. I usually go for Onion smashed Kobe burger. Also, if you're feeling extra gluttonous, try to the truffle butter burger. Your body will hate you, but it has so much flavor. They come with lettuce, tomato, and 1 sauce. Everything else is extra, so choose wisely young padawans.
CRAYONS: Now the best part, you're seated at table equipped with crayons and construction paper! The whole place is decorated with their patrons artwork. A really fun interactive way to keep customers distracted from their hunger pains.
SERVICE: The servers are always very friendly, never a bad experience.
If you're looking for a place to gain a little weight for the winter and have some fun, this is your place! Get those creative juices going!This burger is one of the best I've ever had! I got the classic burger done medium with sweet potato fries  my bf got the same, except he got normal fries. The burgers are so juicy and cooked to perfection. They also have huge portions for good prices. The menu has a lot to choose from and they also have Lotsa specials. It's a small casual place, and it is Byob so bring some beers to go with your burger! I do recommend the regular fries over sweet potato though, I couldn't keep my hands off them"This place is awesome.  Try the Dr. Pepper pulled pork sandwich if you're looking for something different than a burger (though they are Sketch's specialty).  Other great options include the chili cheese fries which are fantastic and the shakes which aren't too bad either.  They also have a lot of vegan options which is a plus!I've only had a milkshake but oh my word it was good. Vegan pistachio milkshake was maybe the best shake I ever had. And the crayons, construction paper and markers at the table made us feel like kids.Sketch Burger is awesome and nails it for a local delicious burger joint! The burgers are absolutely mouth watering, fries are phenomenal and the service is great. A must try and a burger go-to in Philly.The burger, fries and even the fried Cauliflower was good. Would of gave it 5 stars but it kind of looks dumpy and the bathroom was kind of grungy, however the sketches on the wall are pretty cool. Service was pretty good too. The food was so good, it made u forget about your surroundings! I will definitely be back here to eat!!!!OK, been back too many times to count and the over salting problem is fixed. Still way to expensive to take the family, but good burgers.I'm reserving the 5-star for another go at this place, but on the first go around, the burger was amazing. I got the Cyclops Burger [burger, cheese, bacon, and an egg] and the homeboy picked up a Kobe Burger.
BANGIN', these burgers were off the hizzeeeeeeee. Luckily, there weren't many people in the joint, so we were able to relax and take in the decor and scope the place out. As a spaceman, this is a cool place to hang out and eat, the random ass images all over the walls were of an eclectic mix to say the least.
The burgers? Great. We both got 'em medium, and his Kobe was a fair bit bloodier than mine, but damn if it wasn't delicious. We skipped on the fries, and for good reason; these things were big. Fat ass patty o' meat on a greasy ass bun done-the-fuck-right. PYT around the corner? I don't care, I'm coming here...
Fuck it, it's getting 5-stars. Can't wait to go back.The place is adorable. Bright and clean. Cozy, but with plenty of seating. Sketches of hamburgers drawn by customers are hanging up all over the walls.
The service is super friendly and really helpful. I went in with Burger Club Philly, 20 of us took the little place by storm and the servers didn't get stressed or overwhelmed or rude. 
I got a rare cheddar cheeseburger with fried onions and wasabi sauce. It was probably the juiciest burger I've ever eaten. Really really delicious! Just super messy. I think the meat was too big or something. It was all sliding all over the place and coming out of the roll. Hardly something to complain about. It was worth the messy fight!
Also, this place is a BYO!I came 5 minutes before closing time and I'm so glad they still served me! Although, they did tell us right away that they were only doing take out orders. Still, since my friend drove us all the way from Temple campus, we were happy to take out.
I got the smashed onion burger (no cheese, harissa aioli), whereas my friend ordered the Dr. Pepper Pulled Pork. My burger was extra oniony and huge! Satisfying patty. I regretted the harissa aioli, since I had been eyeing the green goddess sauce for ages... but still delicious nonetheless. My friend's pulled pork was also delicious, but I was put off by his dish because it was lacking in anything green. Are you supposed to eat pulled pork sans lettuce? Not sure.
Anyway, I'm totally a fan. The place is adorable, with all the drawings customers put up on the walls. The burgers are substantial, full bodied, and delicious. Parking outside was no hassle, the wait was fine, and the servers friendly.I went to sketch burger this past summer and had a great experience so I was excited to return! However, I was extremely disappointed. First, the service was very poor. Wait staff was inattentive and unhelpful. We arrived at 7:30pm (the place is open until 9pm) and were told they were all out of regular fries. We asked how the sweet potato fries were and our waiter responded "well, the regular fries are better". Not helpful considering we could not order them. It took a long time to order our food and even longer to get the bill at the end. The waiter also forgot my friend's regular milkshake.
Sketch burger has also cut down it's vegan options. One of the things I was excited to order upon returning was a vegan milkshake, but they no longer have them on the menu. I decided to just order the vegan burger with green goddess dressing, but was informed they were also out of the dressing! 
The burger I had tasted average, but considering there are so many better places to eat in Philly with better food, better service, and more options, I will NOT be returning.Great burgers! This is probably one of my favorite burger joints in the whole city.The regular mix burger is always juicy, and served with great fixings. My wife, normally a shy eater, decided to try the Cyclops burger and loved it. The burger was a perfect medium, and the egg was a perfectly cooked bit of artery hardening decadence piled on top.
I had the kobe beef burger with bacon. The kobe was definitely juicier and tastier than the regular mix, and the bacon was tender and lay on top of perfectly melted cheddar. The chipolte sauce was a tasty compliment,
My daughters shake was rich and creamy, with a generous amount of delicious ice cream (I wish I could remember the dairy they use). The fries were hand cut, fresh, hot, and delicious with a choice of sauces...we had the aioli and wasabi sauces..delicious.
The only noticeable issue was the bun. On this visit they were slightly dry and crumbly, though on other visits they've been fresh and soft. Not sure what happened there, and hope its not a recurring issue.I'm struggling a bit after seeing all of the positive feedback this place gets.  All of the glowing-ness of 4 or 5 stars makes me think that folks need to normalize their excitement.  At this point, I know that I'm doing more to review the reviewers  but I'm having trouble understanding.  
My thoughts:  Decent bun.  No one should charge for raw onions on a burger.  You get three automatic sides:  lettuce, tomato, onions.  At minimum, those three are provided.  The burger itself would've been average, and by that I mean, backyard-burger-on-the-4th-of-July average, had it not been overcooked.  I like my burgers rare and I got medium.  Its something burger joints should get right.  We had the Belgium fries which were tasty, if not a little over-seasoned.  The fries could also benefit from being cut a little thinner.  A few were cool in the middle.
The brightest point here were the empanadas.  The bean and cheese pockets were cooked perfectly.  Golden-brown and flaky.  The interior of the bean and cheese was tasty and had a great spicy bite to it.
All of this said, my biggest issue was the dog.  Yes, a dog came in with one of the waitresses and roamed the room freely.  It was a very nice and seemingly obedient dog, but unless I'm in my buddies back yard on the 4th, I don't want a dog wandering around my table.  There was no attempt by the staff to corral the dog or send him away.  He made several customers visibly and obviously uncomfortable, especially after spelunking underneath their table.  The dog smelled like he is kept outside.  Next time you eat a burger, you should try to pair the taste of well cooked beef with the smell of a musty dog.  Its gross.  Its probably not the reason the health department forbids it, but it should be one of the many others.
Apart from the dog, this place is heavily over-rated.  If you must, get the empanadas to go.  Hopefully the dog hasn't nosed through the line.I LOVE SKETCH!!! as far as burgers go, this place is KING, from burgers better than ANYWHERE Ive ever been to amazing fries with awesome sauces the smashed onion burger is great, the kobe beef burger is really something special. but my personal favriote, the cyclops burger, bacon egg and cheese on a burger amazing.Now this is a burger joint... for meat eaters and vegans alike. 
My eyes immediately locked on the American Kobe Burger so the SO and I both went for it w/cheddar cheese cooked med. rare.  It did take a while but that's fine for a small place like this.  When it came out, it was a monster. It had to be at least an 8oz burger cooked good enough (a little on the rare side but I don't mind). I'm guessing it wasn't 100% american kobe beef but you could definitely taste the difference from a normal beef burger. The bun could use some work. I don't like mine as dense and dough-y as this was.
The fries were good, Belgian frites style. The harissa aioli was very very addicting. It's the perfect sauce to complement the fries and the juicy burger. 
I'd go to Philly for that burger again over any of the overhyped cheesesteak joints.I tried the vegan burger, it tasted great.  I had it with the truffle butter, (cause I'm not actually vegan) and avocado.  The fries were really tasty, too.
The downsides were that the patty fell apart a lot as I ate it and that it gave me crazy gas, haha.Sketch is probably the right name for this experience, that I wanted badly to feel but didn't. Hungover and needing the revitalizing hot beef and cheese injection experience, I was led astray into the sobering grunge of Fishtown in midday sun and felt worse for the wear pretty much across the board.  The place is going for laid-back neighborhood vibe, but finishes a note too swarthy. 
Pros
-Dipping sauce... it's just mayo in a variety of disguise but still delicious.
-Old dog on the floor.
-Crayons
Cons
-A burger too far - some inventions are too good to mess with. You don't need to reinvent the wheel, you can't build a better mousetrap. Same with burgers. Sketch got too high concept on the 'smashed onion burger' for example, and I paid the price with his huge mess. Unwieldy and over-complicated, it seemed all I could taste was cheese and burnt onion. Maybe that's someone's thing. Not mine.
-Cheese - I never thought I'd say this, generally being a big fan, but when your entire enormous patty is covered in a half-inch thick layer of congealing pepperjack, it's a little off-putting.
-Milkshake-down - big, undifferentiated soft-serve with a pump of coffee syrup for like $6.Friendly service. Was expecting to taste the best burger ever since they were featured on the travel channel but it was at best "ok".The overall experience is great! Everytime i go i get a black & white shake, they are to die for. Their burgers are really good also. I like how they have all the drawings hungup on their walls.I always wanted to try this place and I am glad I did. As soon as I walked in I was given a friendly greeting and the waitress complimented my shirt ( she seems to like punk). That is always nice when someone goes out of their way to make you feel welcomed.
She took my order promptly and my food came out fast. I just ordered the sirloin burger and fries. The burger was huge, meaty, and juicy. The fries were thick and the chipotle sauce went well with them. 
The atmosphere was fun as well with a ton of sketches on their wall from patrons. I know most of my carnivore friends will love this place. I will definitely return here when I am around the neighborhoodI had the cyclops burger and the sweet potato fries! Both were awesome and the sweet potato fries are the best ever, with their chipotle mayo! Service is awesome too!This place is ok if you want a grungy atmosphere  with  mediocre and overpriced food. I had the KOBE burger made medium well and it was boring. The fries are huge and flavorless and the same goes for the mediocre peanut butter/chocolate shake I ordered. At one point, while I was prepping my burger, the guy walked over, and without notice GRABBED my cheap paper tray and said "that's not your burger. . .this is". So, I wonder what I ate in the first place. Four burgers, three shakes, and two orders of fries wound up totaling  over 100 dollars. you decide. I will leave this place to loser hipsters who think they're cool by going here.I love Sketch, I'll be the first to admit it, but I have come to learn the hard way that the human body has only enough blood either to function normally, or to digest a Sketch burger, not both. I frequently find myself engaging in the act of self-immolation that is eating a Sketch burger with all the fixins' and tackling an order of fries. Time and time again I hear my heart (and its surrounding arteries) scream, "NO!" but my stomach and brain stifle its cries and eat the monster burger anyway, only to pass out for the rest of the day.
Sketch burgers are real show-stoppers and should only be attempted by the seasoned professional or the serious masochist. I recommend not eating for the entire day and going on an empty stomach. You won't regret it.the burger menu, decor, service, and spirit were great. But the taste of the burger meat was  definitely lacking. I ordered the cyclops burger with the aioli sauce and wasabi sauce. Also the burger was WAY TOOO  GREASY!This has been bookmarked for awhile and I finally had the chance to go. We went at an off time around 4:15 pm to beat rush hour traffic and not having to worry about parking. There is only street parking no parking lot. 
It's on the smaller side for a restaurant and they have about 8 tables to sit out and a few to able to sit outside. I love that they have beautiful "sketches" on the wall from other restaurant patrons before. Some of the art work is truly amazing. I especially loved all the ones with cats. There's a specials board with apps and special burgers. We decided to try the special of loaded cheese fries that came with fried onions, bacon and jalapeños. It was amazing, I could have ate the whole order to myself! I also decided to try the burger special of the "Nashville Spicy Burger" it came with pepper jack cheese, jalapeños. The burger was delicious and you could see how fresh and juicy it was. Everything our party ordered looked amazing and everyone was very happy with their meal. The servers Rachel and Michelle were very attentive. 
They offer milkshakes and desserts, if your still hungry. 
The best part is that it's a BYOB. I highly recommend trying this place if you love burgers. It's worth the drive!