Ate here last night with a groupon.   Pizza was pretty good   thin crispy crust.  I thought the sauce needed more salt but hey  maybe i just like saltier pizza.   Service was outstanding.       I wasn't a big fan of their garlic bread kind of bland  so  go here for the pizza.  BYO is also a big plus.if i want pizza delivered to my house, i order slice.  i am a big fan of the florentine (white pie with spinach, sliced tomato, and ricotta).  the traditional is also a favorite, although i like it better when i request extra cheese.  slice can be kind of stingy with that.  i've tried the georgio as well (sauce, mozzarella, pepperoni & portabella mushrooms) with good results.  the mushrooms are very fresh and i like the thick-cut pepperoni.  
i definitely need to branch out and try some of their other toppings.  i am intrigued by the onion, goat cheese and bacon, and i've never tried the americano.
another plus here is the arugula salad -- i order it without the bowl.-- which comes with garlic bread triangles, grated parmesan, and  a tasty balsamic vinaigrette.  there is always enough salad left over to eat for lunch the next day.
sometimes the pizza is on the cold side with delivery.  it just depends.  kind of hit or miss in that department.Ordered it online and the pizza and salad got delivered in one hour, which is not so bad considering the whether (pouring). Georgio Pizza is really good, and the best thing is, they actually make their own pepperoni, instead of using the stored one.The best pizza I've had since coming to Philly.  The only competition is Dock Street's pizza however, if you don't want to trek all the way to west philly then this is your place.  BYOB is a plus.  I'll be back, then i'll be back again, and then i'll be back again.Best pizza in south philly. 
Hands down. 
Fresh ingredients and tons of choice.Ok, let's first set the expectation. This is more of a takeout fast pizza shop. They only have 2 or 3 tables set up in the store, most people don't stay.
That said, I loved their pizza. One specialty is that they every pizza can be made gluten free, which made the thin crust even thinner and crisper. Love it! They also have many unique and creative options. Lots of new things to try! Last but not least, this place is BYO. If you ever dine in, make sure to bring some beer or wine. We walked down the street to go to a bar to pick up a six pack. Good beer + good pizza. You can't go wrong with this combo!Everything I have ever ordered from Slice has been amazing. I always order delivery, and usually through Grub Hub. Slice always delivers before the quoted time, and  they have never, ever gotten my order incorrect. The food is DELICIOUS. The pear & goat cheese salad - heavenly. A perfect Philly dinner spot!Alright, Slice. You are great in my book. The pizza we ordered tonight was the bomb and it arrive within about a half an hour -- thank you!!! We will order again soon.I've walked by here all the time but never decided to stop by until today after the Run or Dye. We were all covered in chalk and didn't want to ruin their seats and it was nice out so we sat outside. The workers there were very friendly and did not mind that we were a colorful mess.
We water bottle & plates were cute! We ordered Sweet Potato Fries with Old Bay $4.25 that came in a matching bowl. It was also big enough to share between 4 people. My friends really like how thin it was but I would personally prefer if it was a bit thicker.
My friend had the Bianca Strombolis $8.95 (Olive oil, garlic, mozzarella and ricotta) and shared it with us. It was really good when it first came out hot and the cheese were melted but after a while when it cooled down, the ricotta cheese was too much to deal with.
We also ordered the Large Margherita Pizza $15.99 (San Marzano tomato sauce topped with fior di latte & finished with basil). Yummy yummy! I would personally like more cheese on this and probably more basil but the crust and bottom was awesome! So thin and crunchy! Not floppy and oily.
Next time I am around, I will definitely stop by for some more pizza & fries.I may be biased , and my review may be muddied because I from northern NJ. I have eaten a ton of pizza in my life; good, bad, and everything else. I would give slice a meh. Crust was ok, and the amount of cheese left a lot to be desired; I desired more cheese. I will say this much though, their customer service is excellent. The manager was excellent squelching my complaint about the lack of cheese, and delivery was fast.  Now I am sure some people think it is good, and I don't disagree I am sure to some it is. To this die hard New Jersey native; it just does not stand up to home.Although I have not been here, my room mate has brought their pies home on a number of occasions and have to say they are easily the best Ive had in this city.  I'm originally from the Trenton area so Delorenzo's will always been my measuring stick - Slice is sooo close!I read all the "great things" about this place, but then i had to remind myself these reviews are mostly written by Philly hipster transplants, who probably would pay for a pile of dogshit if you told them its organic.  This pizza is not worth the price it commands. Far better places charge much less, no ATM... And you big timed a group of Philly Police. Go back to the burbs where you belongAh I'm so disappointed. Been wanting to try slice for a while and finally got an americano pie delivered. Quick delivery but I wish they mentioned that what they consider a traditional pie is anything but that. Perfectly fine by me but picky children did not want anything to do with this pie. Of course I dug in and ordered from a separate place for them. But no flavor at all! Really bummed. And super bummed my fries were soggy but that's nothing throwing them in the broiler won't fix.Went to slice tonight south Philly with my two daughter had a living social voucher it was excellent we ate outside and are waiter who happened to b the manager Jeff was awesome will def go back not just because the piazza was great but because of the service Jeff was just amazing such a great guy and brest place! !!!Pizza as it should be. It's more expensive than Papa whathisname, but it's the real stuff. And it's great. The decor is nothing to write home about, but who cares. It's good food. And it delivers!We went here on a Groupon and were pleasantly surprised. Despite the walk into the depths of South Philadelphia, we were greeted by a cozy front entrance. We appreciated the cash only sign, because that helped us avoid surprises. We sat and were greeted by a waitress (there is no hostess, the place is small, you seat yourself) who was quick and helpful. Our pizzas came out pretty fast, but in the meantime, we had a blast watching jeopardy on their big screen TV, which was at the perfect volume. I was also struck by how clean the place is (a nice change of pace in Filthadelphia). The pizzas were delicious and the perfect size, and the prices were appropriate. We wrapped up with another waiter who was even nicer than the first, and snagged a delicious brownie on the way out.Not only does Slice have mouth watering white pizza, but the owners/ workers are the most down-to-earth and easy-going people.
I've ordered delivery and dined in here, and both times have been very pleasant.  I found that the red sauce isn't my favorite, but I'm eternally picky, and the white sauce is my cup of tea.  The sausage is fresh, the dough is crispy and soft at the same time, and my friend's Gluten-free crust tasted just as great, just a little crispier.
If you're looking for a little bit more of a selection and superb service that's relaxed but friendly, definitely hit up Slice for a pie!After reading all the good yelps, passed this place on the way to brunch and grabbed a slice. I love good pizza and had to check it out. Grabbed a slice of regular pie. The only way to fairly judge pizza. They put a big slice in the pizza oven for a minute and plated a piping hot slice. Sampled it in the car with the family. The name says it all. A really good Slice at a good price.  I like it.I live really close to Slice so I find myself here quite a lot. I usually prefer thicker, doughier crust on my pizza, but the quality of ingredients here just seems so high that I can overlook that. Also I never feel gross after having a slice or two, which definitely wins points. If you're looking to punish your tummy and hate yourself in the morning, there are plenty of places to do that, but this isn't one of them. Also I should point out that their salads are simple but so good. I actually crave them more than the pizza, to be honest. And they will put that salad in a bread bowl for you--a *garlic* bread bowl oh hell yes. I'm sometimes surprised by how much the total bill ends up being, but generally I would say it's worth it.This is officially my favorite pizza place-- thin crispy crusts with great flavors for toppings. I've had the truffle and the Italiana-- amazing! The balance of flavors were great and I appreciated that fact that neither was dripping with grease or overly cheesy. 
The atmosphere is casual and cute-- great place for small groups or for friends to catch up over a meal. The person who served us was very nice each time I went.When I craving for junky fast food to screw my diet, I go to slice. Pizza and Greek salads are amazing!!!
 Want junk grab/go to sliceI've ordered from this place before a few times and the pizza has always been nicely prepared, but today....
I ordered 2 gluten free pizzas, vegetable only choices as Im Vegetarian. The two pizzas arrive and.... One soggy beyond belief, undercooked and looks like mess! The other has bacon on it. Yeah. It said on the GrubHub menu (Bacon Temporarily Unavailable) so I felt safe ordering it. But know I guess the bacon was added anyways. And this pizza also looks like mess and is not well cooked. 
The worst part was the lady on the phone at Slice.... She had an attitude and kept arguing that it doesn't say that on her screen do they did it right. I even took a screen shot of the menu and she still argues and kept going on with her attitude. Wow... Finally I asked what could they do for us to help and with the biggest attitude she asked what do we want. All we asked for is at least 1 vegetarian pizza w/o bacon.
Oh my....  I'm not mad, just trying to solve this miscommunication. Why can't we just communicate in a nice way like people....?the name indicates one should be able to purchase a slice of pizza that can stand up to being reheated prior to sale. individual slices are dry and bland. I have tried multiple times and all I can say is that they are consistent. Young man behind the counter more interested in TV than customer [take your earphone out when someone's trying to talk to you] no place outdoors to dispose of your trash. if so I may have considered throwing away my order of American cheese and pepper pizza as well as the Florentine. I'm sure this place is great but not for a slice. the bad part is that is their name.  maybe they should create a pie can be sold by the slice, everything else whole pie only.I was trying to reach the Rittenhouse location of Slice and the woman who answered the Slice at the Itlian Market was super friendly and offered to take my order and have it delivered by the Rittenhouse Slice, which is the Slice that delivers in my area.   Can't say enough great things about this place.  Their whole wheat crust is amazing and makes eating pizza just a little bit healthier.   Their Truffle Pizza with WW crust is to die for!   Going to try the Margarita on WW crust for the first time tonight and I am sure it will be just as delish!I waited 90 minutes for delivery, which eventually arrived at 2:30 am. The pizza wasn't bad, just late. The fries were soggy.I have enjoyed Slice twice now, in-house and delivery.  Slice offers a lot of basic options, but then there are more complex toppings like arugula, eggplant, and broccoli rabe.  The truffled ribeye is a fun choice, but personally I love the caramelized onion and goat cheese which also comes with a hefty amount of bacon.  
Slice offers some gluten free options and vegan cheese.  Neither interest me, so I cannot comment. 
The Italian Market location has limited seating, but they seem to do more delivery business.  The delivery is pretty quick.sometimes what a lonely nyc girl living in philly needs in this world is a slice. But just not any slice, not that Lorenzo stuff. A slice, a no frills New York Pizza style with heaps of mozzarella cheese, fresh basil and oh yeah that thin crust... that's you Slice.The best Neopolitan style pizza in South Philly, hands down.  Maglio sausage makes for a wonderful topping.  Pies are baked to a golden crisp, and the San Marzano tomato sauce bursts in your mouth.  The margherita pizza I ordered a few weeks back could have used a bit more mozzarella, but they're usually very consistent.  The owner is a great guy, too.This place has my favorite pizza by far because I love a crispy crust, but because of the price, I only order it on my birthday or when I have a Groupon for it. Their toppings are always fresh and tasty, and their pepperoni alone is a reason to order a pie.Really solid pizza - Horrendous, long-ass wait and super expensive for delivery.  Such a shame too, because the other pizza mainstays that I lurvvvve do not deliver to my 'hood.  Fo' shame.
I've ordered from this location plenty of times, and each time, whether it's during the day or at night (and usually NOT on a busy weekend night) - we have waited no less than an hour and a half to TWO hours for delivery. Simply inexcusable, and so disappointing because I really dig the pizza.  The crust is thin, crispy and delish - the sauce is right on the money, not too thin, not too thick, and the ingredients are fresh and plentiful - however they could work on their cheese selection (bland) and quantity (barely makes an appearance).  Also, in what world does a small pizza and a large pizza with a delivery fee equal to up to forty dollars?  Maybe where the crust is encrusted with gold leaf, but there shouldn't be a delivery charge for the delivery of PIZZA, that's downright un-American, no?
I'm pretty much convinced that save for an establishment or two (that don't deliver to my neighborhood - boohoo), there is really no good place in the city for good pizza and that delivers under an hour.After coming here twice I have decided that this is definitely my favorite pizza place in Philly. Both times I went, I had a groupon, so price was not really an issue. However, I feel like that is the only thing that may keep me from coming back, due to my poor college student status, but even so, the slice prices, considering their size, are pretty comparable to other pizza shops, and I am just a bitter suburban-born girl used to $1 slices. Also, my boyfriend and I ordered the sweet potato fries with old bay, and AGAIN, best sweet potato fries in Philly. They are really thin cut, so it may make you feel like you are not getting your bang for your buck at first, but once you taste them, and realize that they are pretty well packed into their little cone, you think otherwise. Also, for it being a fairly busy Friday night, service was great and the staff went out of their way to show their appreciation on both occasions that I have been to Slice.Slightly above average slice.  The pizza tends to be dry and a little over-cooked.
Also please start taking credit cards.Slice is consistently great.  
Went on Tuesday around 7:30 and we were the only two people eating in, which was a little surprising.  The people are always super friendly here.  We ordered a large margherita and ate the whole thing in one sitting.  Slice's pizza is amazing - the margherita was fantastic and had a million balls of perfect buffalo mozzarella.  The basil was also pretty beautiful - they must grow it in house.  The only thing I would change about this pizza is cutting the basil up rather than keeping the leaves whole and in tact because I like to have a little basil with every bite...but that's a pretty minor complaint all in all!Pizza was good but there was a major problem literally no cheese! Only sauce on our pepperoni pizzaI just love Slice. I love everything about it, the food, the atmosphere, the employees. EVERYTHING. We had some family in from South Carolina, and we had a mix of ages, a 5 year old, 17 year old, people in thier 20's and 40's. We needed to find a place that everyone could enjoy. We decided on Slice and picked up a couple 6 packs of beer. We were served by the girl at the counter, who was really nice and brought the 5 year old a plain slice of pizza when she got freaked out by arugula. We got the ceasar salad in a breadbowl (best ceasar in the city) and an apple salad, also incredible. Then we all split two pies, an arugula and prociutto pie, and BBQ chicken. EVERYONE was happy with the food and my future brother-in-law could not stop talking about Slice the next day. I have had most of the items on this menu, and can safely say I will try anything on it. It's all that good. We fed a family of 6 for $65 (that includes tip). Can't beat that. This is now my go-to place for when family visits. Well done, Slice. Well done.mmmmm.....Slice. I love a really thin, crispy pizza and Slice is the place in South Philly to get it. AND, they just opened a new location right around the corner from my office. It's as if they knew I needed them. Here's where they win points with me:
-I've never gotten a soggy pie or slice from here. Always crispy and yummy.
-The sauce is made from actual tomatoes and not canned tomato paste. I love that. The flavor is always fresh and awesome.
-great toppings. The other day I got a portobella mushroom, artichokes and truffle oil slice. So good. The bbq chicken is also good.
-the cheese is always good and the right amount.  When it comes to pizza, I hate when there is a ton of cheese with oil puddled on top of it. It sicks me out. If the cheese is thicker than the crust, don't even get it near me.  Here it's always enough that it's flavorful but not dominating.
-Salads in a breadbowl! Love it.
Yes, Slice is going to cost you more than most Philly pizza places, but it's going to be that much more delicious.  J&J is fine if it's late and you just want something in your stomach.  But if you really want a tasty pie that's going to make you happy, walk the extra block and spend the extra few bucks and go to Slice.I have a single requirement for a pizza place--don't skimp on cheese/toppings.  I have given Slice two chances to get this right, once with a Stromboli and once with a large 3-topping pizza (about $20).
The Stromboli was mostly bread, and I had to search for cheese on the pizza.  I know the tiny, thin splotches of cheese are supposed to be a gourmet experience, but the pizza tasted like crust and tomato sauce.  I gave two rather than one star because the sauce was excellent, at least.
In both cases, however, I felt cheated, especially at the premium prices they charge.Yikes. What a disaster ordering from this joint was. We received our pizzas and were TERRIFIED by the long black hair resting gently atop our overpriced cuisine.  Also, the taste was mediocrity objectified. So I sat, dissatisfied,  questioning the reason why i would make a life long commitment to a woman who would recommend ordering from this place.This place is my corner pizza joint. I wish i had a different corner pizza joint. 
The ingredients are great, but the compositions are always disappointing. Not enough of this... way too much of that. I am consistently disappointed with nearly everything i've tried at Slice.
I specifically suggest you don't bother with the calzones. They're super boring. Also, for some reason, they dont come with any pizza sauce for dipping.
also, i hate that they are cash only. not only that, but they didnt bother to put an ATM inside the restaurant. so if you go and forgot that you needed cash, you have to hike at least a block to get money. stupid. 
on the other hand, it is super convenient and the pizza by the slice seems to be a good value. the crust is thin and the toppings are sparse, but you get an entire quarter of a pie monster slice. It fills me up in a pinch. And i guess thats what a corner pizza joint is really for.This is a pizza shop I want to like they just screw up to often.  
A couple years ago when they first opened we had three different deliveries that took over an hour to deliver and then what came was wrong. The pizza was good it just wasn't what we ordered.  We gave up and didn't order again until a few months ago. Things seemed to have changed and we had a few great experiences, until last night. We ordered a pizza and a salad, it took an hour and a half to deliver and they sent the wrong pizza. The pizza they sent was also under cooked. We called, they apologized, and offered to send another pizza. This pizza took almost another hour to deliver and was also under cooked. 
Maybe they just can't handle a busy Friday night. Regardless, we'll be finding a new go-to pizza shop. Most likely Santucci's will be getting our business going forward.I read a lot of the reviews for this place, and I got excited.  I'm always looking for a great pizzeria.  This wasn't it.  The ingredients were fresh, but it was too overcooked.  This was my second time ordering delivery, and both times had the same results.  I felt like I was eating a charcoal brickette.  I love brick oven pizza, but crisp and burnt are not the same thing.  Being from Italy myself, we take pride in cooking pizza properly.  Slow and steady, and don't rush it.  Also, don't forget it's in the oven.  The photos do not even compare to what I got.I got a groupon deal $20 for $40. Got 2 specialty pies and a salad. I payed $10 extra  so total I payed $30. The pizza was cold and not tasty and I threw out my $10 salad without even opening it it looked so gross. I wouldn't eat here again if it was free let alone get jipped out if my $30.Awful. Ordered last nite and it was crap so were the fries. Granted we took them to go.Enjoyed eating outside at Slice on a gorgeous Sunday afternoon.  In complete honesty, we only ended up here because the two sandwich joints on the same block were both closed on Sunday, and we weren't feeling the long wait for an over-hyped cheesesteak down the street.  
It wasn't crowded (ie, no one else there) and yet I still felt like I was interrupting the employees by ordering and asking to have my drink while I waited.  Kind of awkward.  We had a Margherita and a Veggie Pizza and both were good.  If I found myself on this corner of South Philly on another beautiful Sunday, I might try it again, but I probably won't go out of my way.I'm taking slice down a notch.  It hurts me to do this, but it has let me down multiple times.
Each time I've dined in (2 times) there has been some problem with the service.  Once my order was just forgotten about.  To be fair, the woman behind the counter apologized and gave me a 10% off coupon for my next visit.  I ended up using it for a pickup order the next time.
Recently, we dined in and this time, it was a solid 40 minutes before we saw our pie.  I'm not sure if it takes this long for all the pies they make, but it seemed excessive.  I think there must have been some mess up because the workers thought the pie was "to-go" even though we were sitting there the whole time.  By the time the pie came, we were so hungry that we devoured it.  It was tasty pizza, but with the frustration level of dining in, I'll opt for take-out from now on.My boyfriend and I dropped by this place because they had vegan cheeese. Seems like more of a take out place, than a sit in, but the pizza was pretty good. They had interesting toppings and were very open to customizing. It was a bit expensive, but the ingredients were very nice and fresh, so worth it. The staff was super friendly.i was super busy at work one evening and couldn't leave to pick up food so i ordered a pizza through grubhub. i was delighted to discover that this restaurant serves gluten-free pizzas. i ordered a basic margherita but added feta. the pizza was delivered very quickly and was really tasty. it wasn't the cheapest pizza by any means but most gluten free meals aren't. 
nota bene: they might be out of gluten-free crust so make sure you either call or look at the grubhub app to check availability.Great little local BYOB. My bf and I had the clam pizza and it was delicious, I can't wait to go back and try all the other kinds of pizza. Our waiter was very attentive and friendly. It was our first time but def not our last, well be back. Reasonable prices and the thin crust pizza is delicious.Great Pizza! If you have not been yet this is a small Pizzeria in south Philly. They have 4 or 5 tables if you prefer to eat in house. They offer a great and wonderfully delicious Caesar  salad. The menu features probably 20 different variations of pizza all of which are probably great if they are anything like the ones we have ordered. The last visit I ordered the BBQ Chicken pizza and it had a great taste. If you are hungry you can probably eat a large by yourself. This place is a must go for all Philadelphian's that like authentic pizza prepared right in front of your eyes.This is the best place I have found in Bella Vista to get a good thin crust pie, all of their pizza that I have had tastes great! BYOB also!Overcharged for terrible fries. Paid eight dollars for "truffle fries." But they were just overly soggy poorly cut gross fries.We've recently been a little disenchanted with Marra's and live closer to SliCE, so we ordered in the other night and were not disappointed. Thin crust is the modus here, and it was really good and crispy. I found it a little oily, but in a good way, not in a orange-grease-running-down-your-hands way. We got a large 'Quattro Stagione', which is 4 toppings on one pie, each only on a quarter of the pizza. We went with sausage, basil leaves (big and fresh), garlic and red onions. I'm starting this off with 3 stars, and will no doubt add more as I try more varieties and perhaps dine at the pizzaria (byob). I feel sorta silly living so close to this place but never having gotten their food before. Consider me converted.
March 18th update: We recently ate in the 'restaurant' as a party of three, sharing a byo bottle of wine. It's pretty no-frills as a dining experience, but it's nice that you can sit and eat and bring booze. It was a cold night and the doorway lacks a vestibule, so there was a harsh drop in temp every time someone walked in, but all the tables were filled regardless. The restroom is alllll the way in the back...I recommend washing your hands etc before you head over if you're going to dine here. But the pizza is wonderful and the service is good, though bring cash because they don't take plastic. If Bitar's weren't across the street and Chickie's hoagies around the corner, I would eat here all the time.I went out to eat with my mother because we wanted to try something new, so we went to SliCE, in South Philly. She ordered the spinach, caramelized onion, and tomato pizza, while I ordered the goat chesse, bacon, and caramelized onion pizza. We also bought an order of donuts with chocolate sauce.
Everything was DELICIOUS. The thin crust was perfect because we didn't feel heavy or full on dough. The sugar donuts were light and the dark chocolate sauce complemented them perfectly. The cashier even gave us extra donuts for no charge since it was our first time there. I will definitely be back.There are definitely plenty of other places to get a yummy pizza, especially in the South Philly area. It's not Slice's pizza you want... it's their salads (you can even opt to have in a bread bowl).
My favorites are:
-Mozzarella Caprese: nice, thick slices of mozz and tomato, topped with a vinaigrette and fresh slices of basil. YUM.
-The Mandarin: light and refreshingly crispy, this salad is always a good choice (especially if you love mandarins).
Long story short:
Go with the salads :DNot to be missed!  Is it possible that a new standard has been set for a true "Philly pizza", distinct from but on par with NYC and Chicago? Slice may very well have single-handedly made that so.
We finally got around to going here and what a treat it was!  Ordered the Clams Casino and the Chicken Scallopine (pizzas) and both were outrageously good. 
Slice is inexpensive and completely unpretentious, but with service that was very nearly at the level of "real restaurant", several cuts above "corner pizza joint" level (the complimentary bottle of chilled water for the table was a wonderful touch, e. g.).
Thin crust, highest quality ingredients, no evidence of "canned" taste anywhere. Officially my favorite pizza in Philly!I am not sure why i bother to order from Slice. Sometimes I get a great pie, other times, eh. 
We ordered a Americano Pizza (American regular pie with pepperoni) and it was the most blah tasting pizza I've had in awhile. What made the flavor so blah was that the sauce tasted as if they just placed a can of crushed tomato on top, a few shreds of mozza, then quite a bit of non-spicy, non-descriptive pepperoni that was also on the greasy side. 
Quite frankly, Marra's down the street does the same brick oven, thin crust with much more zest. 
We also ordered buffalo wings, and they were very dry, it looked like they used a dry rub and then sprinkled hot sauce over them. Thank goodness we asked for extra sauce- or not- because it seemed to be a cup of hot sauce, not wing sauce. I come from the holy Buffalo Wing ground of Upstate NY, and worked in a few pizzerias. I know wings. I know how they should be done. This is not the place to buy them. Thank goodness for Wegmans and my ability to have Anchor Bar wing sauce (the original!) on hand to at least give the dry wings excellent flavor.
With all that said, I do like some of their salads, especially in the bread bowls. Yes, as other reviewers point out, their salads are lacking, and I believe given the competition in the city, expensive. 
I will order from here again- but I will be selective, and now that I know they skimp on certain salad toppings, ask for extra of what I like.I crave pizza. It is one of those food items that I get my mind set on (another craving: pho!) and decide I must have it. And must have it that evening. Slice is perfection. I feel guilty after I eat Domino's or Papa John's, but for some reason, I can convince myself Slice is better for me. Maybe it's because it is a thin crust and I usually fill up with one of their delicious salads (try the Mandarin!) first to limit my pizza gorging. We typically order the Americano (very basic cheese and sauce) or the pesto, which my husband loves, but I find too be too olive-y. And olive olives (get it?), but they are extremely pungent on this pizza.What a bummer. First time here and my husband and I were very disappointed. We got a cheese pizza with green pepper and onion. It was burnt and had zero flavor. My husband put Sriracha sauce on his and I added cheese to mine and put it in the microwave to help it out. We could have gotten a Lil Ceasars for $5 and enjoyed it more.I hate writing bad reviews - and am so disappointed with this one. I heard Slice had gluten free pizza so I thought I'd pick one up on my way home from a weekend out of town. When I called to order the man who answered was super friendly, and it made me excited to support them - and trust them with my gluten allergy. He mentioned they also had gfree wings so I figured I would just bring home dinner for my boyfriend and I. I ordered the gf pizza, 20 wings, and a Greek salad. I was disappointed to arrive and they had made a regular pizza (scary thought if I hadn't mentioned I ordered gfree). To make up for it they apologized, said it would be just 10min and that they wouldnt charge me for it. 10 minutes later I was surprised to walk up and be charged $40 for my order. The wings aren't on their menu, so I didn't know they were $1 each. My mistake for assuming they would be smaller than they were. Then I realized they are cash only - yet do not have ATM on premises... Is there any excuse for this today? You have a website, but you can't run my visa? Or have an ATM? Strange. I had to drive around the corner to then get cash. By the time I returned and paid, they told me they didn't totally take care of the pizza - just took a few dollars off...
I guess I wasn't the most prepared customer, but I won't go back. There wasn't anything from the gfree standpoint that was worth going thru all that again (wings were boring and frozen gfree pizzas or Bobs redmill are way better). To top it off they enclosed pizza crust in the salad therefore I couldn't even eat the salad.
Overall - not a great spot for my gluten free friends. Seems like they are still figuring things out. I wish them luck.I ordered from this place late night and it did not disappoint! The mushroom and truffle pizza was amazing. The wings and fries were also a great treatWe were in town visiting a friend this summer who wanted to take us to a neighborhood pizza joint she enjoys.  We were all for it!  
Cute, very tiny place on the corner.  Not too many tables so it seems crowded all the time.  It's so small, when I needed to use the restroom, one of the employees literally walked me through the kitchen to get to it!!
Anyway, the pizza is ok.  I do like a more upscale pizza every now and then, but I usually just prefer your everyday ordinary toppings.  It's obvious the ingredients are of high quality and the prices reflect that.
The waitstaff is friendly and quick to get to you.  One thing I really liked is they keep large bottles of very cold water in their stand up fridge that they bring to your table and will replace when you run out .  If memory serves me correctly it has lemon slices in it too.  Nice touch, especially since it was hot out & hot in the dining area!!  I guess cos it's such a small place it's not easy to get away from the heat of the ovens during the summertime.These pies have a thin, crispy crust. That makes me happy. So does the San Marzano tomato sauce. I've liked every slice of you, Slice. And I've had plenty. 
Clams casino, Americano, Eggplant parm, on and on. So good. When you eat the slices there, they're hot and crispy perfect. I'm gonna keep repeating the word, "crispy," cause I apparently need to stress that I care about this A LOT.
You know even the best pizzas can go south to sogville somewhere along the delivery route. I was pleasantly surprised that this was not the case when we got some pies delivered the other night. I kept repeating like a parrot who has eaten a lot of good pizza, "The crust is still crispy, SQUWAK...the crust is still crispy, SQUWAK..."
That was lovely. But now we have to have a word about Pizzaz. No I'm not misspelling the word in reference to your dashingly flamboyant and flashy sense of style. I'm talking about this style of pizza that is apparently a South Philly tradition? Now I've been around the block, but I never hearda no "Pizzaz." Recently I was informed that this sauceless slice topped with mozzarella, american cheese, hot peppers and tomato slices is a South Philly thing? I keep using question marks to suggest a skeptical eyebrow. 
Now, just the mere mention of american cheese on a pizza is enough to ruffle my feathers. Let's just say I wasn't raised that way. I'll cut to the chase here. We had to try it to see what the hell. It was an experiment. Pizza scientists. Anyway, I liked it. My mind said no but my mouth said, "Gimme another slice of that." It's a nice grilled cheese and tomato flatbread with a smatterin' o' pickled hot peppers. I'd do it again and still show my face in pizza society.
I can say that I'd enjoyed every slice. Even the ones that sound crazy.I've ordered from them for pickup or delivery at least 5 times and every time the pizza is ice cold. Tonight the chicken wings were hard as a rock- I couldn't even bite into them. Everything is over cooked. Highly recommend fixing some things to improve the quality of your food or at least make sure it's hot enoughWe were recommended this place from a friend and wow.
Literally the worst pizza I have EVER had. I cannot think of a worst pizza. It was SOLID. ROCK SOLID! and so cold!
We live only six blocks away and when we got home it was already freezing cold. 
The sauce and cheese were tasteless. It was an overall disaster. 
We also got the doughnuts. How you can sell a hollow doughnut is beyond me. They were entirely hollow all four of them. And the chocolate sauce they came with was horrible as well. 
Also ordered a side of marinara. Charged for it. Didn't come with the pizza
This was a complete disaster of a meal! Do not order!If you like thin, crispy, well-done pizza, this is your place. If you like a thicker crust, I recommend La Rosa. 
Last night we ordered the truffle pizza and a calzone. My husband said the calzone was very good (I didn't have any) and I am using all my self-control not to pig out on the leftover pizza for breakfast! 
Delivery is a little bit of a wait, but I promise it's worth it.Ordered 2 pizzas from here tonight (1 large, 1 small).  The delivery man first showed up with only the large, apologized profusely, "my mistake." He promised to get that other one to us asap. I said ok and started to shut the door. "Do you like tiramisu?" he asked. I said sure and he promised to bring an order of that also to make it up to us, which I then relayed to my 4 year old son and his visiting grandparents to keep them happy while they awaited their pizza.
30 minutes later Mr. Forgetful shows up again with just the small pizza. "My mistake, I forgot the tiramisu," he tells me. "But I have your address, so the next time you order," (which will be never) "I'll be sure to remember" (somehow I doubt this after his forgetting twice) "and bring it to you." (assuming he's working on the night that I order 2 or 3 weeks from now, and it's hard to picture this amnesiac seeing my address and going, "Oh right, I owe them a free tiramisu."). 
Ludicrous, and now I'm dealing with a crying 4-year-old, late food and a false dessert bribe.
Grubhub contacted them for me to ask about a full or partial refund for all of the trouble they caused and Slice refused, meaning the person who made that decision either doesn't have kids, hates kids, or is a cheapskate who stands by their deliverer's goofy actions. Fortunately Grubhub, unlike Slice, had the common courtesy to step in and give me a modest coupon for free food the next time I order (which won't be from Slice).
Sheesh.Took 3 hours for delivery. Ridiculously overpriced for the quality. The tiramisu was frozen in the middle. The homemade "brownie" was a mystery of modern physics; seemingly held together only by its saran wrapping, it crumbled into a million dry pieces at the first bite. This place is a joke.love love love slice. I decided to do veganism for lent and checked out slice ordered the truffle pizza with vegan cheese a buffalo chicken and plain for my girlfriends and my friends ate my pizza!!! super jealous over the fact i didnt order the pizza larger. very good food for a reasonable price.Awesome Margherita Pizza!
Best Margherita Pizza that I have found in South Philly!  Real basil leaves, real tomato slices and real fresh mozzarella.I haven't had a chance to try them again, however I WAS contacted by the owner soon after my first review & good customer service is enough to warrant another star where I'm concerned.  Thanks for going out of your way to make amends- I'll definitely be giving Slice another shot very soon.Moved into the neighborhood and I dig their thin pizza. I have always preferred pizza with less dough. Only draw back is that when you eat in, it can get hotternhell with the ovens on blast.Do not recommend. Although I prefer thicker crust, I do enjoy thin crust from time to time - IF it's actually crispy. We got a BBQ chicken pizza yesterday where the crust was almost inedible. It was totally burnt, overcooked, and almost impossible to bite through. There wasn't much flavor either, it was like eating cardboard. It was pretty sad. Their pizzas seem very inconsistent, as I've bought from here a year ago and the crust was much better.Spinach salad in a breadbowl and an Italiana pizza with cooked proscuitto is where it's at.  With the proliferation of gourmet pizza places in town, it had been too long between deliveries from Slice.
I'm reminded why they're on my speed dial.  Great pizza, and way better salad than you'd expect from your pizza delivery.Slice is a fantastic neighborhood pizza place. The employees are very pleasant and always willing to go the extra mile to make the customer happy. I ordered take out this evening and can't say enough about the Quattro Staggione pizza. The sauce is delicious and the crust is perfectly crispy. They also have plenty of toppings to choose from.  This place is in my rotation of regular take out establishments.Best pizza I've had while living in South Philly! Highly recommend, crust is a crunchy goodness. Toppings are plentiful, only wish the pineapple was fresh and not from a can.Only pizza joint in the city where the whole pie seems to be better than just getting a slice.  Maybe they should be called Whole?
Naturlich, serving pizza by the slice can turn mediocre pizza into great pizza.  When I'm rich I'll order a whole pizza, from any jon', and have them seperate and cook each slice seperately...then reassemble back into a pizza.great pizzas! great/friendly service. cash only is a negative though!The stromboli was great! The pizzas, great! The salads.... eh.  For a place that uses great ingredients, I just expected the salad to be better.  It was $11 for a spinach salad with a hardboiled egg, bacon, and mushrooms.  The mushrooms were pretty brown and the bacon wasn't fresh crispy bacon. It was the already cooked bacon that they use to top the pizzas with.  Can't say that I would get a salad again, but i would definitely get the pizza type items. Those were excellentSlice is absolutely my favorite pizza place in Philly. Hands down, they have the best thin crust pizza with delicious chunks of fresh sauce. The toppings are fresh and the staff are friendly. The owner is really cool and is almost always there. Since it is so thin, one person can easily eat a small pie to oneself - and i'm a small girl. Buyer beware- they only take cash. Also, one slice is pretty pricey because it is the equivalent of other pizza place's 2 slices. So, expect to pay $3 or more for one slice. But def a great place to try!Slice is flat out, hands down the best brick oven thin crust pizza in Philadelphia. Last time I ate in and talked to the owner who knew all about his competition and what made each one great. Obviously he then put it all together in one place. If you prefer New York style (flexible and big) or Chicago deep dish then this is not your place. However if you like brick oven thin crust well done pizza, Slice is the best around. Tacconellis comes in a close second.This review is based on a delivery order, which was my first and will perhaps be my only from Slice.  The delivery service was prompt, but that was the only good thing about it.
I got a buffalo chicken pizza that was bad to mediocre in all respects.  The menu tells us it has gorgonzola, which I didn't see, then after performing a little excavation of my first slice I did find some small nuggets that were supposedly gorgonzola.  But you couldn't taste them, not only due to the pithy amount but also because of the fact that the pizza was drowning in hot sauce.  I don't mind a lot of hot sauce, but not when that's the only thing there's a lot of.  There was only a tiny, thin layer of cheese, and you could tell that the chicken breast was cheap.
The crust was a bit hard as well.  I'd give this place one star, but I've never stepped inside the restaurant so I don't want to be too harsh.  But this pizza sucks.Stopped in to grab some lunch before the eagles game. I got a slice of plain and a slice with spinach, tomatoes and ricotta. From all the good reviews, I was looking forward to thin crust and delicious toppings but I would have settled for a decent slice to make it through the eagles game. Instead, I got violently ill with in 20 minutes after finishing one slice.  I got sick thanks to excessive amounts of oil or rotten tomatoes. Might have to do with the Papal visit but I won't blame the Pope. After spending the second quarter of the game with my head in the toilet, I will never forget or go back to this place. In sum, Slice is highly over-rated, expensive and vomit inducing. Do yourself a favor, stay healthy and find another place to grab a slice.My family and I go to Slice every once in a while because we take advantage of their deal on Groupon (not sure if it's available anymore). We usually order fries, mozz sticks, plain and pepperoni pizza all to share. Everything is delicious. Their pepperoni pizza is to die for, literally. The pep is thick and a little spicy... just SO GOOD! It is a good size inside and they have a few tables outside as well. Service is great. Good area and decent parking for Philly. Overall, love it here but it is a once in a while treat for my family and I.I always call in an order for pickup when housesitting for one of my friends in the neighbourhood and haven't tried delivery. The Slice menu only has salads and pizza. 
Pizza crust is a dry medium thick cracker crust, not pillowy doughy or super thin. I thought their sauce was fine/nonremarkable, and I like both the Florentine (evoo, garlic, spinach, tomatoes, squiggles of ricotta) and the Caramelized Onion and Goat Cheese (w/ bacon!).
(There's a large step up at the entrance which I think would be difficult for wheelchair accessibility but enough space around the tables to maneuver.)Slice is one of those neighborhood, pizza joints that appears to be typical, but then you look at the menu and realize that there could be a kick ass pie coming your way.  Not to mention they use Groupon, which makes the good pizza even better.
The staff is friendly, they let you drink tap water out of nice glass bottles while you eat their pizza.  It's the perfect middle ground between lousy corner shop pizza and somewhat pretentious pies you find at Nomad (or many other equivalents).  I happen to like this middle ground, and anyone that mixes bacon, onions, and goat cheese scores points with me.
We'll be back with our dog to have more of their pizza, and we'll sit outside and eat off plastic plates and drink tap water out of a very nice bottle...cheers!Took them 2.5 hours to deliver a pizza and they had said an hour. I mean I would've even been okay with 1.5 hours (I mean hey I'm sure it gets crazy) but this was ridiculous. They told us an hour so I was prepared to wait that long. Anyways they did refund my money which I appreciated. This was our second time using them and the first time the pizza was hard (I was willing to give them a second chance) and this time with the wait we won't be using it again. Its a shame because there are such good reviews! of note our pizza was not flavorful either :(This place is fantastic.  Quick polite service and the food is well above average, with a much needed focus on quality and wholesome ingredients.
If this place incorporates organic ingredients it will easily be in the running for best in the city.Everything we ordered was burnt. Everything. It was the worst meal we've ever had. I will not go back.I cannot possibly express to you enough just how much I love this place!  Their pizza is fabulous, nay, incredible!  I noticed that Vicki M. commented on their clam pizza, she is sooo right, it is delicious!!  I have tried their Margarita, Pineapple and Prosciutto, Clam, and their Clam Casino; each one was incredible!  Their salads are pretty darn good too!  The only thing that is not so fabulous is the cash only policy, a bit of a bummer for this debit girl.  I strongly encourage you to try this place out.i am from north jersey/nyc and have spent the past 5yrs tasting terrible philidelphian pizza's however after my plain SLiCE today ...i can say that philly feels more like home! :)One of the best pizza places in Philly.  Good prices too.  I miss living a few blocks from this gem.Do you like thin crust pizza like me?  Then you'll love Slice's pizza.  Fast and delicious pizza in south Philly.We decided to splurge on "gourmet" pizza for a change from our usual favorite, La Rosa, and were incredibly disappointed.  We ordered the Truffle Pizza: Extra virgin olive oil, garlic, mozzarella, portabella mushrooms & artichokes, finished with black truffle oil and a pie with Maglio Sausage.  The crust was definitely overdone for my taste (despite loving La Rosa I do also enjoy a thin, crispy crust) and tasted of cardboard.  The sausage was good but there was hardly any of it and for close to $20, I expected more.  Sadly the "truffle" pizza was pretty bland.  The mushrooms were watery tasting and I detected barely a hint of truffle flavor.  We won't be wasting our money at Slice again.Who would have thought groupon would lead me to my new second favorite pizza place? (Sorry slice, Tacconelli's will always be #1 in my heart).  But nonetheless,my experience here definitely ensured my return as a full price paying customer.
Right off the bat I was loving the idea here. Sometimes you just don't feel like going to a full on restaurant and wearing pants that button or zip...so on the days you are looking for a quick bite in stretchy pants Slice is perfect.  But the food is way better than similar establishments. It's like classed up pizza, and a BYOB to boot.
Before our pizza I ordered a crispy apple salad, which was perfect. Craisins, apples, Gorgonzola, and everything right with the world in one bowl! They have lots of other tasty looking salad options as well.
Unfortunately I went here with my sister the elite Ms.Gina M., who doesn't eat anything red,thus severely limiting our pizza options.  Usually pizza eating with her is an exercise in bland futility, but we agreed upon the artichoke spinach and truffle oil pizza, which miraculously we both loved.  Definitely the best I've ever had of its kind.  I can't wait to go with someone who has a more sophisticated palate and dive into their more adventurous choices.
All of this fabulousness in an adorable setting with an adorable waiter/possible owner, and BYOB status.  Five stars indeed!Very good pizza with a lot if fresh high quality topping options. This is thin crust style and has on occasion been a little burned. The clam pizza is my go to pie. Super tasty, garlicky and a little oily. The marguerite pie is good and there sauce is made with high quality tomatoes and is rich and a little sweet. Just be aware that Slice is more expensive than most pizza joints.Delicious pizza. Very friendly staff. We said we wanted to come back for breakfast the next day but they were closed and they snuck in an extra few pieces for us for the am. All this after serving us at the last minute. Thanks guys!I have to say, I was actually quite surprised how good the pizza was. A few years ago I did an area wide search for the best pizza, checked out all the top spots, tacconellis, delorenzos(both) vinces, and had my favorites, also notched off a few that people said were awesome but to me resembled high school pizza. I have to say Slice is the best pizza in South Philly. The sauce is sweet and every pie is nice and crispy, the crust is thin and tasty... I actually enjoy eating the crust. 
Ive had every other pizza place worth going to in the city, since i live around the corner, this saves me gas from driving far to get pizza, unless I wanna make a trip to trenton, Ill stick with slice for nowvery, very very good pizza.
I have tried and loved Buffalo chicken, BBQ chicken and I liked the Italiana.
They can give you 2 flavors at once if you order a large ( get a 1/2-1/2 pizza)
pizza was better the first time than it was the second time.i have heard a LOT about slice lately on several different message boards i frequent, and i am both hungry AND broke so i decided to check out slice.  NOT a good idea if you are broke.  small pizza = $12.  
pizza plusses: 
- BEST crust in the city
- fresh toppings (good olives)
- excellent, tangy tomato sauce
pizza minuses: 
cheap-ass BLAND mozarella cheese!
price
i am not usually one to complain about price, so i should state if it were THE perfect pie, which it could be if they fixed their cheese problem, i would probably say it's worthy of the whole five stars.  however an inferior pie at a slightly inflated price - three stars.  still worth a visit though.Slice on 10th street in the Italian Market. The food is fresh and fantastic and the staff is just great (and very chill dudes from what I've observed).
1st time we only got salads and then decided we wanted to get a 2 liter soda, but didn't have enough cash money (they don't take cards, but do on grub hub). The guy at the counter most hospitably offered to give it to us for free, and after a long stressful day of moving in to the neighborhood we graciously accepted it. Seriously great service on their part.
So then last night after a vicious day of fighting with my boyfriend, we made up and ordered the BBQ Chicken pizza and I'm pretty sure it was so good that it brought us closer together. It smelled amazing and tasted even better.
The only things I'm not a big fan of are the salad dressing (too acidic for my taste) and that most toppings (like red onions) are $2 extra, but then again I think the pies themselves are incredibly well priced so I don't really know why I'm complaining.
Also props to the whole wheat and gluten free crust options. Stay rad, Slice.This pizza is amazing!!! I had the margarita pizza and I seriously can say I think about this pizza daily. I highly recommend the margarita.Terrific pizza, lots of gourmet options.  Business might consider a standard traditional pizza for the less adventurous.I came here really tired and slightly hungry. Great menu but I just wanted a traditional cheese pizza. Great staff but the pizza was... Ok. The pizza needed more cheese to ever be a cheese pizza.Great pizza but need to catch up with the times and accept credit cards. Their other location on Sansom St does. Very odd.This place has gone downhill ever since they expanded. Every time we ever order from here no lie our food takes an hour or more to be delivered. Tonight it's been two hours and it's still not here. What has happened to this spot? If it wasn't that Franco and Luigis was closed on Mondays, we would never order from here again.Okay, I'm offended by myself.
No seriously, I am offended that the hubs and I have lived 2 blocks away from this place for 6 months and have only just gone here.
Silly. Sarah. C.
The digs...cute, homely little pizza place, open kitchen and chalk boards.
The folks...super friendly and very knowledgeable about their menu.
The noms...awesome selection of salads (roasted pear and goat cheese...twas divine) Actually Italian style pizza (the italiana...Gorgonzola, prosciutto, and arugula. Ah Mah Gawd.). Yes, people the frickin' crust is supposed to be crunchy, not a big ole' sloppy greasy mess. You want that shite? Go to Pizza Hut. 
The cherry on top... B-Y-O-mothaflippin'-B! Wine and pizza...yus!We've been here once with some friends of ours and they recently brought it over for a party. If I could compare this place to another place - it'd be Peace A Pizza with more gourmet flavors and MUCH thinner crust. We really loved their goat cheese and bacon pizza but I don't think you'd find a bad option on the menu, plus it's a BYO!
The only thing that sucks about this place is that it's cash only. Get with the times. I don't care how "inconvenient" it is for you to take credit cards, you're the business. It's "inconvenient" for me, the customer, to have to go find a fee-less ATM to get cash out so you don't have to pay credit card fees - or whatever reason you have to not accept plastic.The only thing keeping this from a 5 star rating is the mediocrity of their Margherita pie. With amazingly thin & crisp crusts (still somehow plush at the same time), their pizzas have the perfect base and, unfortunately, it shone through the sauce, mozzarella and basil just a bit too much; the pie was exceptionally dry and the crust seemed to be the only outstanding component. In contrast, their specialty pies are a must and each is packed with a creative combination of flavorful toppings. Currently number one on my list is the Clams Casino - piled high with clams, bacon, red onions (cooked to perfection, so as to not overwhelm the salty melding of prior mentioned ingredients), and peppers. I don't even like clams, never have, but after experiencing them in this application - I might have to reconsider, and so should you!I went to Slice for the first time last week after stumbling across it by chance walking through South Philly. I've only lived in Philly a short time, but this has got to be up there with the best pizzas in the city. We had trouble deciding between white and traditional style pizza, so the waitress suggested we try a half and half, which turned out great. The toppings were great and obviously fresh, and they let you substitute whole wheat crust and part skim mozzarella (though the menu doesn't tell you it costs extra). 
The staff was super friendly and accomodating. A little pricey for pizza, but the upside is it's BYOB.  Great little neighborhood spot.I don't understand why anyone would go here. There are so many amazing pizza spots in Philly, many of them in this neighborhood. I prefer thinner pizza but this was like eating a saltine with half melted cheese. And for the price? Absolutely ridiculous. Take your money and go somewhere elsethe pizza is so good along with the crust that gives it its unique tastes from other local joints. thumbs up!Garden salad - fresh, but very ordinary.
We ordered the Pizza of the Month, with chicken, mozzarella, provolone, broccoli, no sauce.  Sounded good when we read it on the blackboard, but it was, well, how can I describe it?   Dry.  The crust was dry.  The chicken slices, although plentiful, were dry.  Overall, pretty disappointing.  Also ordered a tiramisu to share - the waitress said it was homemade.  Didn't look very homemade.  It came frozen, in a plastic cup, with plastic spoons.  (Why do they give us metal forks and knives, but plastic spoons?)
With so many other good options for pizza,  this place just wasn't a good choice.Decided to try this place just based upon the reviews and we ordered the Americano...big mistake. There is hardly any cheese on the pizza and it tastes like dough with tomato sauce spread on top.My fiance and I wanted to try something new in the neighborhood so we stopped by last night. We ordered a large pear, candied nut salad for $10 and a small pizza ($10). The food was alright. The pizza seemed overcooked and a little burnt on the edges and it lacked a lotta flavor; we ordered the Italiana with cooked prosciotto (sp). The salad was not already tossed with the dressing and the crumbled cheese had huge chunks.  It was a good meal overall but I don't think that I will be back to tell you the truth. Just not a compelling case. Oh, and they only accept cash which we did not find out until we were served the check.Absolutely loved the pizza! Recommend the white pie with spinach and tomatoes, delicious. My daughter had gluten free and loved her pie too. Salad was fresh and refreshing. So Nice to have a gluten free option!I haven't tried enough pizza here yet but the first time (standard cheese pizza) wasn't remarkable enough for me to recommend going there. The only reason I will return is the promise of having supposed Philly award-winning pizza. When I do I'll give another update :)I got a salad and it was good. My daughter had a gluten free pizza, which she really liked. My son got a regular BBQ pizza which was like cardboard and he could barely eat it. He'll eat anything so that's significant. He also said that the topping was basically ketchup. We have a restaurant in our hometown with the same name that is awesome so maybe our expectations were too high!!Ordered a pizza an hour and a half ago.. Literally just got it now.. Burnt on the bottom and not even edible .. I had a good experience the first time I ordered that's why I ordered again. Last time I ever order from this place . I couldn't even finish a whole slice without feeling like I just ate a piece of cardboard.Delivery was on time but pizza was cold and rock hard, flavor wasn't there and a large marinara pie with a salad came to $35 with tip. Way over priced for the quality of the food. Wouldn't order from Slice again and would not recommend.The best pizza in Philadelphia, the owners and staff are friendly, the delivery option is great and the topping selection is wonderful.  I am really pleased and commend the owners for providing an excellent product.Great crust 
Family owned
Will do anything you want
Finally... Great prices!!!I have to start off saying that my relationship with Slice has been rocky at times.  A while back (maybe 2 years), we ordered a pie and had it delivered.  The driver was rude, then the staff on the phone was rude, and the pie had slid around.  We decided to not order from them again.  About a year ago, we decided to give them another shot because you cannot find any decent pizza in this town.
Saints be praised!  The staff on the phone is polite, the drivers have been polite and speedy, and the pizza is top notch.  There have been a few instances of some issues that are unimportant, but those issues were handled professionally and with no attitude.
I am a big fan of the truffle pizza.
Their sauce is fresh tasting without being too sweet.  The crust is the correct thickness and crispy.  The cheese is delicious and the toppings all taste good.
I am very picky when it comes to pizza (and other things, I am told) and there are exactly three places in Philly that serve good pizza: Slice, Dock Street, and Stella.  Every other pizza that I have tried in town (15+) has cheap tasting cheese, awful crust, sweet sauce that tastes like it came out of a can marked "Heinz", and toppings that would be at home as garnish for a wedding reception buffet table.Slice occupies a blurry space between the average philly pizza joints and the drool worthy gourmet pizza places. 
I appreciate the thin, crispy crust and the long list of pizza and salad options. The eggplant parm pizza was yummy but not super fancy. The goat cheese & pear salad was good as well, but could've used a little more cheese and pear... Will probably grab food here again sometime. Good value & it's a BYO, though it seems most customer order take out or delivery.DE - LI - Cious! 
YUM YUM! ooooh...goood! Ok, I'm getting carried away, but for someone who is not a fan of pizza, this place was great!!!! 
We tried the Chicken Scallopini (large for $16.95): Mozzarella topped with chicken breast, portabella mushrooms, roasted peppers & red onions in San Marzano tomato sauce....YUMMY! 
And the Caramelized Onion & Goat Cheese( $15.95): Extra virgin olive oil topped with mozzarella, caramelized onion, goat cheese & bacon. 
They were both a hit! But here is what you do: take that pizza home, add some impromptu dancing...and voila!.... that's a fun evening!!! Get the pizza, its good!Talk about a comeback.  Slice definitely won me over again.  I've always loved their pizza but their customer service has rocketed them to the next level.
After my previous review, the owner contacted me via Yelp to learn more about my experiences dining in.  I liked how he was professional, and used our conversation as an opportunity to improve the customer experience he and his staff provides.  I'm glad that their are owners out there who realize what a useful tool Yelp can be for gauging how you stand in the community.  I think the whole process was handled extremely well and it has left me a very satisfied customer.
I love the pizza at Slice.  I always have.  It's thin, it's crispy and the flavors/topping combinations are stellar.  I now have another reason to love them and that's because they did right by me and made me feel special as a customer.Awful. Service, pizza, phone courtesy..lack of. Never ever again. We ordered two pizzas at 3pm on a Wednesday for delivery at 6. They were delivered at 6:30, cold. Charred and burned as well.Excellent thin crust pizza with fresh ingredients.  I ordered a takeout margherita pizza with sausage added. The tomatoes have a fresh bold flavor and the sausage is a good addition to this pizza. I will definitely be returning to try their other pizzas.This a good place to eat all the food is good the wraps is good there's a quiet place to eat by love going there in the afternoon all the people in there are niceThis place is awesome in so many ways.
Boyfriend (vegan) and I (gluten-free) were in Philly on vacation and Slice was highly recommended by a friend. Seeing that the menu catered to both of our diets, we were both considerably psyched.
When I tried to order my GF pizza though, the server grimaced. "Hold on a second," he said.
I gave my boyfriend a look of agony. "They're out of GF crust, I know it." I resisted the urge to drop to my knees and wail, "NOOOOOOO!!!!"
The server came back with the owner in tow, who apologized profusely to us - it appeared that his supplier only delivered half of what he usually orders in for the GF crusts. He apologized again, and assured us that the delivery would be coming in tomorrow, and that if we came back, I'd be guaranteed a GF pizza. ON TOP OF THAT, he gave us a $10 giftcard, shook our hands, and said that he hoped we'd be back.
So of course we went back, the next night, bottle of white wine in tow (did I mention this place was BYO? To a Bostonian, this is still a concept that makes my head spin). The previous night's server recognized us, said hello, and brought the wineglasses over.
I ordered the Truffle pizza - white pizza, mozzarella, parmesan, portabellas, artichoke hearts, and garlic, with a drizzle of white truffle oil over the top. On a perfectly crispy GF crust - I grunted in ecstasy with ever bite. This was seriously one of THE best pizzas I have ever eaten, and I know I'm going to wake up in the middle of the night in the future, drenched in sweat, with a craving for this dream pizza.
Thanks, Slice! You guys rock.So disappointed. Second time I've ordered from Slice (first time wasn't great, but thought I'd give it one more try).  Ordered Americano with caramelized onions, wwt crust.  Really bland. Such an ultrathin layer of sauce (and there was supposed to be cheese-- but it wasn't visible), I felt I was eating plain crust. For $19.  And it took over an hour. Sorry, I like thin crust pizza, but you can't skimp on the sauce and toppings to this degree, or it's just ridiculously expensive bread.Very disappointing. I ordered a vegan pie. The pizza was as dry as cardboard throughout. There was only the smallest amount of sauce and vegan cheese on top. I cannot speak for regular pies and hope they are far better. I would advise anyone to order elsewhere for vegan.This pizza shop is as good as it gets.  Manager goes out of his way to satisfy his customers.  Spending 34 years in food service calling on many pizzerias, Jeff knows the restaurant business.  You can't believe how many in the restaurant business who are clueless.  Very few restaurant managers sample products because it might affect their bottom line but the opposite is true.  You have to sample product on occasion when the time is righto increase sales  That when there is a difference in being a restauranteur and thinking you are a restauranteur!  Great food, a lot of creativity and many topping options.  Great high gluten flour dough.  Great thin n crispy  with baking pizzas in a brick baking surface ovenLove, love love this place! Gourmet pizza, tasty salads served in bread bowls and outdoor seating...
The owner is very cute and friendly, and staff is very helpful. No gruff pizza workers at this joint!
My favorite is the veggie pizza, minus the eggplant.Gluten free crust!
If I had to review based on the toppings alone, I would give it 5 stars. It's not your average grease joint. I was delighted to find that my hands were not greasy even after getting covered in excess pizza toppings. But two small pies at $35 makes it a bit less easy to stomach. 
But I would come here again despite the high prices. A great place to get gourmet pizza. So you can indulge in your guilty pleasures without the actual guilt.The owner contacted me to turn my experience around, which I really appreciated.  I feel that my initial observations were not calibrated with proper expectations.  I was looking for a cheese-heavy, thickly-topped pizza, but these guy have something different--and worth checking out.  Let me re-review!
Slice is not your average pizza.  They have obviously worked hard to perfect a gourmet concept.  Pizzas are crisp yet chewy, and completely hand-made.  The lightly-topped approach strikes a clean balance with the thin, blistered crust.  If you stop in for a slice pay attention to the sauce, which is easily the best I've encountered anywhere--worth the experience alone.
I'll be back soon, this time for some extra cheese ;)To all my vegan friends, get your ass here, it's as good as it gets for vegan pizza!! 
I love this place, great selection of toppings, thin crunchy crust and the sauce is AMAZING. I don't know what the hell they put it in but it's as sweet as playing candy land on gum drop mountain with lord licorice. 
My favorite is broccoli rabe and caramelized onions.We had our daughter's birthday party here and the overall experience was great-the restaurant owner was very responsive when we were planning, and the kids loved making their own pizzas! The only downside was the available seating-we told the owner we would be a party of 15 kids and their parents and were assured that the place could hold us all, but we found out on the day of the party that there was only seating for half of us. We made it work, and the rest of the experience was overwhelmingly positive. Just would have been good to know about the seating limitations in advance!Disappointed with this restaurant! Not only is the gluten free pizza crazy expensive, but they also deliver your food late and don't care. Will never be eating here or ordering for delivery again.I had high hopes for this place, the menu looked great.  They have vegan cheese, lowfat cheese, whole wheat crust- exciting.  What a tremendous letdown.  The execution is less than extraordinary.  We ordered the Italiana  Calzone, but that's not what was delivered.  What we got was lacking proscuitto and ricotta cheese.  We also ordered a truffle pizza, which would have been great if the crust hadn't been burnt (and I'm a HUGE fan of the thin, crispy crust- just not the one with blackened edges) and if there had been any truffle on it.  Maybe they ran out, I don't know.  After waiting 45 minutes for delivery was it really worth it to call them in order to complain?  Not if i wanted to eat last night.  Next time I'll order tacos.Food: 4
Decor: 3.5
Ambiance: 3
Service: 4.5
Value: 4
Good pizza, great service, good location, okay decor, reasonable price.Best pizza in the city by far! always worth the money, the wait, consistently delicious. had a delivery issue that might have been my fault and they happily sent me another pie in the middle of fri night rush. quality business.Love this place! Gourmet pizza and pretty speedy delivery time. Never had a bad experience here, always delicious!Almost walked out. The pizza is okay but some 20something addict walked in and smelled horrrible. Horrible! We were gagging at our table. 
He wanted to use the bathroom (loudly complained nobody wanted to let him use it for obvious reasons! He wanted to shoot up!) and took like 20 mins back there while his sketchy equally smelly friend stuck around. Then he came out high as a kite and decides to hang out, charge his phone and ruin dinner. Over it. Not coming back.ive had the goat cheese and carmelized pizza which was off the charts. also had the bianco calzone which was also really good. Salads are good too. Id give it 3.5 stars if I could.I normally only yelp when I don't like something. SLICE is by far the best pizza in the city for gourmet.  The staff is super friendly and inviting.  My favorite pizza so far... Sausage and peppers!I am writing this review based on one pizza because (a) it was that good and (b) I'll never order anything but that pizza when I go back.
The truffle pizza is a white pizza with portobellas, artichokes, and finished with truffle oil. I ordered the vegan mozzarella, which was generously heaped on. I'm pretty sure they use Daiya shreds, which melt really well and turn creamy and yummy. So basically I had a creamy, earthy white pizza and it was pure heaven.
Slice is a tiny space that does mostly take-out, but if you sit inside it's relaxed, no one rushes you out, and it's BYOB. Besides offering vegan options, they offer a gluten-free crust option.Expect delicious pizza. Pizza by the slice is one of the best deals in the city. I got one slice and it was enormous. The guy who owns this place honestly cares about his customers, reputation, and pizza. He always acknowleges his guests, asks for opinions, and takes to heart critisism. We used to order extra sauce until one day we were ordering a pizza over the phone and heard him ask the girl taking our order to find out why we were ordering extra sauce. he wanted to know "if it was because we like extra sauce, or if it's because there isn't enough sauce on the pizza". We were honest and said there wasn't enough on the pizza. Needless to say, we do not have to order extra sauce anymore. Highly recommended.Consistently good, but very over-priced. Hoping that competition from Santucci's cleans up some of their pricing issues. Wish they had some sides or starters on the menu.New to the neighborhood and purchased a living social deal to try Slice.  One of my better decisions.  Tasty pie cooked perfectly. We tried both Americano and Margherita pies; whole wheat crust is offered so we had that with the Margherita. The menu offers many pie combos and numerous toppings along with low fat/vegan options.  Will definitely enjoy a Slice again.  Delivery available and  Slice is also BYOB for dining in.  Prices are reasonable. Can't wait to order my next pizza.Ordered a small pizza for delivery and it took over an hour and a half. Pizza was cold upon arrival and had no bacon as was ordered. Extremely dissatisfied with the lack of quality, will not be ordering again.this place is awesome. i recently had the crispy apple salad and the truffle pizza. both were phenomenal. this is now my go-to place for gluten-free pizza and salads.Best pizza in the neighborhood! The salads are great, too! Not your typical corner pizza joint. Delicious super thin crust, subtle sauce and perfect toppings.i just ordered a simple salad. the guy who took my order said they didn't take credit cards. unfortunately, i did not have any cash so i said sorry and i will not be placing an order. he said actually ill just take your card info, yeah we can do it. this should have been my first sign, very suspicious. i ordered the salad at 630ish. it did not get here until 825. i felt bad telling the delivery guy i wasn't going to accept it, i usually don't do that, but almost 2 hours is ridiculous. its unfortunate because that salad description sounded delicious.A great place for gourmet pizza. This place would get 5 stars from me if not for a few less than ideal delivery situations. I've learned that it's better and faster to just pick it up myself. They offer vegan cheese, which makes them one of only a handful of pizza places in the city at which non-cheese eaters can enjoy a pie. Yum!Me and my BF wanted to try somewhere new. We seen this place online, read a few good reviews and decided to try them out. We wasted 25-30 mins of our life driving to this place. Not to mention gas! The pizza was not made with whole wheat as we requested and paid for. It also was hard and the crust taste burnt....Not to mention We pretty much paid $20 after requesting whole wheat and adding extra cheese. Which was skimpy!....Anyway lets get on these disgusting parmesan fries. The fries taste and looked like burnt fries that were made the day before and reheated before given to us. Needless to say they were thrown in the trash soon as we walked in the house. Now maybe we just happen to get a bad batch of fries and pizza at the same time......But that my dear will remain a mystery for us Because we won't be going back to this lovely establishment making it rain with our dollars ever!So, I think I'm done with Slice.  Don't get me wrong - I love their white pizza.  But my experience tonight was enough to make me go elsewhere for good white pizza.
I ordered for delivery - one large white pizza to be delivered approximately 10 city blocks.  The guy on the phone was very nice and said it would be here within the hour.  I specifically asked if I could give him directions (I live on a hard to find, not on a lot of maps, cul de sac) and he assured me they had it in their system from the last time I ordered (at least 6 months ago).  OK great, I'll have wonderful, hot white pizza within the hour, right?  Nope.
After an hour and 15 minutes, I called.  I spoke with a woman this time who informed me the driver had left 15 minutes prior.  I very calmly & politely pointed out that they probably shouldn't have told me "within the hour" if the driver wasn't going to leave until an hour after I called.  At that point, the woman got fresh with me and told me it was busy because it's a Friday night.  Now, seriously - that's my point.  If it's that busy, then you should not have promised me delivery "within the hour."
Fifteen minutes later (so now we're at 90 minutes after I ordered), the driver shows up.  Apparently, he wasn't happy with the $2 and change tip I gave him and snapped, "what, was I late or something?"  I told him, yes, he was a half an hour late.  Then all of the sudden he tells me he "was given the wrong address."  Yeah, right.  I specifically asked if I could give directions and was blatantly told no.  On top of that, my pizza was ice cold.
Thanks for the crappy dinner, Slice.  I'm now officially breaking up with you.We are so disappointed and will NEVER order again. We've eaten Slice a couple of times before about a year ago. This time was out last.  The pizza came early and we were thrilled. Except it was cold, SOO salty, and sloppy looking. It was tough to chew and my jaw hurt by the end of the 1st Slice. The mozzarella sticks were cold and extremely salty as well. The small pear and goat cheese salad was SOO small, I had chicken added to it which cost me $3.00 and there were 3 thin slices in there. The small salad cost me $11.00 !!!! Such a bad experience.Slice is a great little spot for either dining in or taking out. Since we have been the only party dining in several times, it seems to be more of a takeout place, but we still enjoy bringing a bottle of wine (yes, it's BYO!) and just relaxing.  
As for the food, it's great. Not only does it have a variety of really interesting pizza choices, but it offers several different doughs from which to choose, including whole wheat and gluten free!
The service is pretty good too. In fact, one night around the holidays my husband and I were the only people dining in and the server came up to us to let us know a private party was coming in. He said he just wanted to let us know because it might get noisy, but he told us we could absolutely stay if we wanted to. Any other place might have rushed our meal or told us they weren't open for dining in, period. So, we stayed, took our time, and enjoyed our bottle of wine, in the middle of the private party. 
Slice is definitely a "no frills" kind of place, but it's perfect for a really low key night. 
Cash only, though.The regular pizza dough is GREAT but the Gluten free crust is ehh! I am really glad that they offer it though so i can go out to pizza with my fam and enjoy it!   toppings are awesome though!We came from NYC to visit Philly and bought this Groupon which I am sooo glad we did. It was a bit of a walk from Central Philly were we stayed but there are many trains and buses that went that way, we just choose to walk to look around. 
Slice located in a pleasant quite neighborhood and most importantly they had VEGAN options for me!
Though it is a bit pricey... a Veggie Pie with no cheese is $14 (added diaya mozz for $3) and the pepperoni pie (large) is around $17. We are used to prices like this in NYC but in the heart of the district area not outskirts. We still enjoyed it though and thankfully we had the Groupon to ease the costs. The staff was so friendly! And we enjoyed the pizza.Let me start by saying that I used to deliverer and manage a pizza shop some time ago, so do know something about this business.
It's difficult to find a decent pizza in Philly and Slice makes better pizza than an average Philly pizza joint. At the same time it's nothing to brag about and considering the price point, I expected more from Slice's pizza. The crust is good, the rest of the ingredients are lacking flavor.
If judged just by the quality of the pizza, I'd give it 3.5 stars. What made me rate this place at 2 stars is the unreasonable amount of time it takes them to deliver. Two first times I ordered, it took just over an hour, which is already a long time, today it took 1.5 hrs to get my order. When I called after an hour and 10 mins, I was told it's on its way and will be there in 5 min. When I called again in 20 min, I was told that the driver had a flat tire and that's the reason it's taking so long. The driver showed up 2 min later and the pizza was hot, which is of course a good thing, but it meant that they simply lied to me about the fact that the order was on it's way the first time I called, as well as about the flat tire situation. I know exactly how long you can keep a pizza hot, even in a pizza bag, when it's 35 degrees outside and it's not even close to half an hour.
Bottom line, won't order again.We went to Slice for lunch on a Saturday afternoon - a friend told us it was his second favorite pizza after Tacconelli's. I would completely agree. I love thin crust and this is perfect - thin and crispy. My kids loved the plain pizza because it had a good bit of cheese, but not a ton of sauce, which is how they like it. We also got a roasted vegetable pizza with mushrooms, eggplant, onions, etc - it was delicious. My kids also liked the selection of sodas - bottles instead of fountain soda is always considered cool. I also thought the people working were nice. We would definitely go back and recommend this place to others.Awesome  pizza n garlic flat bread! The americana is my family's favorite. The fries aren't always great on delivery orders, but crispy and delicious when fresh. Parmasean or truffle oil topped fries are AMAZING! Slice is definitely the go to pizza take out spot!The pizza was flavorful although a little overdone for my taste.  I would've given it four stars, except the otherwise friendly gentleman waiting on us insisted we pay in cash after just having accepted a credit card from a loyal customer over the phone.  I don't appreciate favoritism of this variety and it kind of spoiled what could've been a very pleasant pizza dinner.Ordered delivery last Friday! Amazing pizza.  Ordered the Caramelized onion goat cheese bacon pizza(hold the bacon) and the signature salad. Food arrived hot and in less than 45 minutes.  Pizza crust was perfect, thin and crusty.  Salad was full of flavor and not soggy at all, full of delicious goodness.  Will order again soon! Had the pizazzaz pizza before, also a must! If looking for gourmet pizza that can be delivered, don't miss slice.I don't know how (or why!!) this joint elluded me for so long!!
As I grew up and my taste and preferences changed, I thought I finally found, what I considered to be, the best in south philly to be at Mara's on Passyunk Ave...Sorry folks, I was wrong.
Slice is where its at!  I'll let you read all of the other reviews here, but I'll back them up, 100%.  This is the first pizza I have eaten in the area that does not make me feel bloated and disgusting afterwards.  There regular cheese pies are not even the slightest bit greasey!  Best of all, the crust is thin and crispy--not doughy to the point where you have to rip through it!  It's even awesome the next day--hot or cold!
I went with the traditional pie since it was my first go around and was not the slightest bit disappointed.  I also decided to go for a small Pizzaz pizza since they recommended it...equally amazing!
I'm now excited to try a slice of everything they have to offer at Slice!I had a craving for traditional thin-crusted pizza tonight.  Nothing exotic just a bit of red sauce, decent mozzarella and a good, crispy base with some chew and snap.  Easy, right?  I live in So Philly and I have a go-to place for this very need -- but it is Monday night and I arrive at "my" pizza place and it is closed!  
I pull away from the curb, mentally reviewing the contents of the fridge.  Nothing appealing there.  Then I think of Slice on 10th Street.  I've always meant to try them. I check to see if they are open and quickly peruse the menu.  The site comes up with a Bruschetta pizza on the splash as pizza of the month.  It looked like what I was craving.  20 minutes later I pick it up, take it to the car and peek.  It isn't much like the menu picture.  I don't see any cheese.  The grape tomatoes are halved not crushed.  I'm disappointed.  But it's Monday, it's getting late, I'm getting tired.  I'm not in the mood for challenging food but I'm not in the mood for conflict either.  
Another 20 minutes later all is forgiven.  The tomatoes are tender, sweet and sauced with a piquant yet comforting wash of balsamic vinegar and finely chopped basil.  They are resting on a crackle-ingly thin crust layered with toasty Parmesan.  It is true that there wasn't any mozzarella - and there probably should have been but I will certainly order again.  I want to try other things too!I'm definitely a snob when it comes to pizza, and gourmet style pizzas like this don't usually cut it for me. But slice is so delicious and disguises how unhealthy pizza is enough for me to not feel bad about eating half a pie! The owners and employees are also so friendly and inviting, which is refreshing. Also, BYOB - win!!It's ok. Not good enough for the price, two stars because the toppings were decent. Crust and sauce were flavorless. Pretty disappointing, there's too many better options available in the area (at a much lower price) to justify ordering from here again.I HEART Slice.
If you want to have a cute, cheap date... take a bottle of wine to their South Philly location and order the black truffle pizza and the arugula pizza.  
Cute, cheap date complete!I really wanted to love this best but it's a disappointment when I don't visually see spinach in a spinach Stromboli. Vegan pizza pie with all three vegan toppings was flavorless and tasted like cardboard and when I don't get a physical receipt even if the customer doesn't request for it.
$38 for the total is a bit outrageous.It's really a shame how a bad experience can ruin your taste for a place.
That being said, I've had Slice on a few occasions before and thought it was fine. Nothing spectacular, but fine.
This time, we ordered through Grubhub and paid with a card. We ordered the whole wheat dough, which costs extra, only to find out they were out of it. (After we'd paid.) We ordered a soda, which was free through Grubhub and I was craving like crazy. It never came. They also tried to make us pay cash when it arrived at the door. The delivery guy was incredibly rude, my calzone was burnt.
Basically, I have nothing good to say about it.
Sorry, Slice. You lost customers on this one.We have been ordering from Slice for several years.  They have whole wheat crust available, as well as a slew of toppings to add or choose from.  We have recently started ordering vegan pizza, and we have found them to be delicious and the people to be very friendly and accommodating.  Especially Jeff, who at this point recognizes our phone orders and remembers our preferences, is extremely nice and gets the customer. :)  He works with ownership and is a major asset for repeat business.  Sometimes Slice leaves me wishing for some better coverage of toppings on the crust, but other than that, it is one of my favorite order in places. And kudos to Jeff, he made us love the place even more! :)Phillys best pizza. Period. Thin crust, Trenton style with sauce on top. BYOB. Nice staff. The white pie with spinach is good too but I love the traditional pie most. I like it better than Delorenzos  in Trenton which the owner cited as an inspiration in an article. Winner of a number of awards, cleans up at the South Philly Pizzaolympics and rightly so. This pizza snob votes it better than anything else he has sampled - including Philly supposedly best Taconellis. But you must buy it by the pie to get its full greatness even though you can buy it by the slice.1  Americano Pizza  $ 12.50
I got the Americano and it was a really good pizza. The crust was very crisp and thin, the pizza is obviously cooked at high temperature. The sauce is the show. San Marzano with very light seasoning. The Americano comes with a bit of cheese on it which is delicious, but don't expect the pizza to weigh a lot. A very hungry person such as myself could easily finish the whole pie. 5 star taste, but 3 star quantity.90 minutes for delivery- kinda crazy... I ordered gluten free wings and sweet potato fries. The wing sauce leaked everywhere causing a huge mess when I opened the bag, but the wings were good. A little fatty, but good. What I got in place of the sweet potato fries was shoestring fries (they sent the wrong thing) they were oily and congealed together and the plastic from the container melted into them. Even if I planned on eating them, I wouldn't have been able to... I won't order from here again.Great Pizza! No matter what you pick it'll be good and you won't be disappointed. Have ordered delivery several times and pizza usually gets delivered in under the time they tell you. Delicious!Slice serves up pizza
with different tasty toppings
and friendly serviceSlice makes a very good pizza.  The pizzas have a thin, crispy crust, and are cooked well done using good quality sauce and toppings.  The eggplant parmesan and veggie pies are personal favorites.  The staff has always been friendly and helpful whether eating in or getting delivery.On fridays during lent I am always looking to try a new pizza.  Slice was great, and we tried something totally new.  Black truffle oil pizza.  The owner (who was also waiter) strongly suggested the item.  I appreciate being guided towards certain items if they are off the hook, if you will.  Pizza was great, never had a pie which resembled this flavor.  Not going to try and describe, just give it a shot.  I also found the entire staff to be friendly and willing to engage me in conversation. Just regular normal people.  My girl and I also brought a bottle of wine, and after we finished eating we hung for an extra 30 minutes to watch phillies on the flat screen they have in there.Came here with a Groupon on a quiet Tuesday. We were the only ones in there, but it looks like they have a steady business for takeout and delivery. Had garlic bread, which is more like a thin crust personal pizza bread with fresh garlic and sauce on the side for dipping. Delicious! Also ordered the clams casino pizza. Their pizzas are thin crust, crispy, fresh and flavorful ingredients, it was really good. All together the bill came to $30, with the Groupon it was $10..even without the coupon I'd still have gladly paid full price. We'll definitely be back to try the other pizzas and the salads looked good as well. You can get salads as a side or entree size. Definite must check out.Best pizza in south philly, hands down.  Thin and crispy with gourmet toppings.  Not the cheapest, but not outrageous, and worth it.  The pepperoni is excellent!Don't get me wrong, the pizza was very very good. Slice's style of pizza was very similar to Nomad and Stella, but much more affordable. The only reason I am giving 3 stars instead of 4 or 5 is due to the fact we ordered delivery and the pizza was cold.Service really good. Liked the calzone. Pizza just ok.I like Slice. Nothing too spectacular here, but the flavors are pretty unique and worth a try when you are craving something different. Also, the staff are friendly and the pizza is ready quick. 3 slices cost me around 10 bucks. 
-Caramelized onion with goat cheese- I am a big fan of anyone who puts goat cheese on pizza. There was just enough but not too much. The saltiness was well balanced by the sweet onion. Highly recommended.
-Truffle pizza with mushroom and artichoke- Unique yet satisfying. Depends on how much truffle oil they put on it though...mine had a little too much. The artichokes improve the flavor. 
-Cheese and pepperoni- very pedestrian, but also pretty good.Ummm not worth 18 bucks..but I enjoyed the crust and the delicate gravy. However!!! I wanted more cheese on the pizza!!! That's the main component of pizza, the damn cheese!!Slice, i cheated on you last night and went to Francoluigi's because i was too lazy to go to the ATM. I am so, so sorry, it will never happen again. You are the best pizza in the city, and your customer service, dedication, taste and quality are what keeps you a staple to our community. After eating the cold slops that francoluigi's sent me an hour and a half after i called for it, I remembered your cheese, and sauce and crust. I will never cheat on you again. Never.What else can be said about SliCE?
Pictures above
Great thin-crust pizza. I had the pepperoni & goat cheese toppings. Pepperoni was spicy and plump...no weak little grease discs here.
The cheese & sauce meld into a perfect blend...the goat cheese, while flavorful, really didn't bring much more to the party...next time I'll try the sausage.Great slices, generous portions, reasonable prices, friendly service.We went here for the first time last night after hearing so much about the place on here and on other web forums. We are from the Northeast so it is not a neighborhood spot for us, but we took our bottle of wine and sat outside and ordered the Margherita pizza. 
Despite other peoples criticisms of the Margherita pie we found it very tasty. The amount of cheese was good as was the sauce and basil. No complaints here. The only thing that was funny to us was that nobody else was eating here at around 8.00 pm on a Saturday night, particularly wit h all the activity in the area. The good pizza spots up here in the NE are jammed with people. At Vince's you are lucky to get a seat and that place is four times as big. But the pizza was good and we will be returning to try a different pizza next time with some more wine.EDIT:  See the owners explanation below. Seems Reasonable. Still the best specialty pie around and what I didn't say about the Tiramisu is that it is really really good. MORE STARS!
So the pizza is by far the best in the city, especially in that specialty pizza niche.
Where I get bummed out is when they claim on their website not to even have a freezer (b/c their dough is so fresh) then I get the tiramisu and that shit is frozen and tastes like freezer. So I'm calling bullshit. And honestly, if you do ONE dessert you should probably make it in-house.(Update - VERY Important!!!)
When ordering, especially via Grubhub or the like, YOU MUST TIP IN CASH or you will wait forever for your order and it will be beaten relentlessly.
I spoke with ownership about it and the response was a denial of cash required, but no remedy.
I tip 25%, but I don't always have cash on hand.  You'd BETTER!!!
TIP CASH FOLKS!!!  (It still is great pie, but BE WARNED!!!)
Folks, if you're looking for a light, healthy, thin crust, gourmet pizza, you just can't do any better than Slice.  The San Marzano Tomato sauce is quite simply the best I've ever had.
The crust, the oven, the super high quality toppings, you just couldn't do any better.
With that said, I ordered the Greek Pizza tonight, sounded kind of weird, but I figured, "If anyone can make this work, it's Slice.  Not bad, but not a home run.  While this may sound like I'm panning the place, I'm not.  I hold them in such high esteem that I was willing to try something that didn't sound that great on the surface.  (If the feta, olives, and onions were baked with the pie and then finished with a mesculin mix, I think that'd be much better).
If you're in South Philadelphia, there's Marras for a heavy, topping laden pie, or Slice for a light gourmet pie.  There is nothing else.Really great gluten-free pizza and crisp apple salad. Michelle, who I believe helped us, was very accommodating and knowledgeable about gluten-free options. The gluten-eaters I was with loved their pizza and fries too. A bit pricey. Cash only. Next time I'm in Philly, I'd stop in.I want to love this place but just can't get past liking it. On my most recent dining experience with a Groupon, I ordered a pizza and spinach salad. The salad was literally just a bowl of raw spinach with some grated cheese and side of vinaigrette- couldn't be more basic. I've tried a few of their pizzas and they are fresh with a thin crust but again nothing amazing. And there is a lot of competition and amazing pizza in Philly.
Place is byob and service was good.Loved it! Had the chicken BBQ, a fresh Marguerite pie and traditional. MMM good stuff!! Thanks Jason from Paul and KathyThin crust, wonderful toppings.  I got the Scallopine chicken pizza, which had chicken, mozzarella, portabello mushrooms, and San Marzano tomatoes.  The only problem was that there was not enough cheese on my pizza, and the crust was slightly over-cooked/burnt.  The staff was super friendly, and I loved the cozy feel of the shop.  I would go back, but would probably need to order it with extra cheese.Went there this week because i had a Groupon.    So glad I found this place!  I will go back and tell others.
Food was great.  I love how crisp the crust is on the pizza.
Manager Jeff is a terrific guy!  Welcomed us and gave us some extras to sample,
You dont see that much these days.  He was wonderful.... his kind gestures and good food will bring us back!Stopped in to get a few slices of pizza after a long car ride from a road trip. Ordered the goat cheese pizza, the slice was HUGE but very good. Crust is thin and crispy just the way I like it. 
Also ordered the sweet potato fries, which was also tasty. Had a dash of Old Bay seasoning on it.
The person I was with is allergic to cheese, so this is great for vegans as his pizza was cheese-free and still delicious!Don't by any means dislike Slice, and definitely appreciate that it's open late. But I feel like Slice is sort of caught between your regular pizza place and a more upscale-style pizza, and this identity crisis is evident. They shoot for a higher-quality with the crust, sauce, cheese set-up and ratio, but I don't think the ingredients measure up. Due to this, I think -- especially in this neighborhood -- I prefer a firmer commitment to the bistro-style or corner-style pizza.Slice is so good it almost makes me cry. I'm very picky about my pizza- I like my crust thin, my toppings fresh, and the sauce and cheese to work together. Slice does all this and so much more.
Their specialty pizzas are divine. The Buffalo Chicken pizza is the perfect balance of spicy with the gorgonzola soothing the fire. The Italiana pizza is probably my favorite pizza ever, the procuitto, which I get baked on with the pizza, is the perfect salty crunch.
Slice also offers a wide variety of salads if you feel the need to be healthy. They are great to share and a perfect alternative for friends who don't want pizza.
Just remember, it's cash only. Delivery is fast and the food is still hot and fresh. If you live within their delivery distance, order. NOW! The phone number is listed above!
Also, don't confuse this location with the one in Rittenhouse. This one is superb.