I go here when Erawan is closed. There I said it. I'm sure a lot of people do the same thing. The food is fresh and tasty enough, just not nearly as flavorful. The last time I ordered a veggie dumpling for my appetizer it actually had some weird kind of meat in it that even my cat refused. But for $8 overall it's a decent enough lunch.The glowing reviews of Smile Cafe on this site prove not only how pathetic and useless Yelp is but also how low-rent and uninformed the reviewers are. Yes, I know the irony of making this statement through a Yelp review. I'm a walking conundrum.
Anyway, the food was disgusting. When I say disgusting, I don't mean it was kind of ok, or under-seasoned. I mean it was gross. My one friend spit the chicken from his pad  thai out into his napkin because it tasted sour. No, this was not some kind of ancient Thai recipe for sour chicken. It was just old ass chicken that was starting to spoil. My chicken coconut soup was even worse. Same sour ass chicken, but this time floating in a pathetic excuse for coconut soup that was watered down and starting to separate. 
I seriously thought about calling food inspectors. I still might. I gag when I think about it.
No love. Negative stars. Hate. Loath.Went here for lunch. Small place with very closely spaced tables. If you want to eat here, probably go little earlier or later than the usual lunch time of around 12.30 pm. People are friendly.
Menu is like a 40-50 year old book and gives the feeling that pages might wear off by your shear touch. Quite a few choices on menu which is good.
I had the spicy fried rice with chicken. The portion is good. DONT look inside the kitchen even if u get sneak peek, you might barf or leave the place altogether. 
Word of Caution : Don't get the chicken, it stinks when u eat it. Get tofu or down other meat. 
Don't get the spring rolls, they are frozen and deep fried just before bringing out to you. I saw them getting those out from freezer and makes u feel bad for literally drinking oil.I get food here far too often for my own good! It's great to eat in - Byob - or take out. I adore the curry dishes and they come with tons of veggies in addition to your meat choice. Cozy spot, delicious food, and good value.Would not return. The service was poor and they were apparently having a party upstairs which had wait staff not attending to the restaurant. The oil in the noodles made me ill and my date had taste less seafood dish with clumpy noodles.I ordered "Duck Half House Special" to deliver, in the menu is written "Roasted boneless served with tamarind sauce.", when I read "boneless" I expected that the duck without any bone however it came with two bones and some joints and I paid $16.95 for the plate!! You can get pretty similar duck in the Chinatown for less than $ 7.I ordered different dishes and asked for modifications to suit dietary restrictions. While I appreciate their willingness to adapt them, the dishes were bland and tasted identical (they were supposed to be different). I am used to Thai food and know these dishes can be made for special dietary needs and still be tasty -- all Thai places I've been to before have been able to do it. Alas, not this one. I don't think I will return. I appreciate their customer service, though.I've been to Smile once for lunch and last night for dinner. It's a cute little Thai place, and my boyfriend eats here at least once a week.
My lunch experience was definitely better, probably because of what I ordered for dinner.
We split a few appetizers, Spring Rolls and Ka-Nom-Jeeb: crabmeat & shrimp steamed in thai pastry with sweet soy sauce, which were both average, but no complaints. Then I got the Nam Sod: ground chicken, ginger, cashew nut, scallion with spicy lime dressing, which was disappointing. Promising flavors, but poor execution. My boyfriend had their coconut soup, which he loves, and the Pad Thai. The Pad Thai would definitely have been good if it wasn't mouth numbingly spicy (for me).
They have a lunch special which is great. Choice Of Two: Soup Of The Day, Spring Roll, Salad, Steamed Dumplings, and an entree.There are a lot of cozy little Thai places in this area, but I think Smile Cafe stands out.  I've done both delivery and eat in and I think the food is better when you eat it there.  I split a panang curry and duck pad thai with a friend.  The duck pad thai was SO WORTH the extra cost.  The pad thai was perfect and the duck was really crispy and tasty.  The Panang curry was very flavorful and packed quite a punch in heat.
The location is hard to beat, a good place to unwind after a day of walking around Center City.Pretty good Thai food and good price! I like it cause it's spicy  but it's not the most authentic Thai food I ever had.Smile is the best Thai food I've had in Philly. We had a feast (we came hungry) for about $40.
We went on a Friday night and called for a reservation. While we were there, a few people were turned away because there was no seating available. Just one tip - try to sit away from the front door, because there was a lot of traffic in and out.
We started out with Thai iced tea - always a favorite. For appetizers, we had chicken satay (delicious), spring rolls (same), the "wonderful crispy" (boring), and the coconut soup (tasty). I had the Paneng curry (excellent) and my girlfriend had the Pad Thai (very good). Portions were generous - we both had substantial doggy bags - and service was good.  There was a big group of annoying people next to us (the seating area is very small), but that didn't ruin our experience.
All in all, very good experience, good service. Will be returning for sure!!
Update: came back for a double date for the excellently priced lunch special (2 appetizers and an entree for $7.95 I believe). The basil chicken was a little uninspired, and the BBQ chicken was very bland. However, the pad thai and curries are excellent, so I'm keeping my 4 stars.Great Thai food and good amount of vegetarian options. The spring rolls, and make your own entree w/basil sauce is the best! The white chocolate creme brulee we had was a bit burnt so not a sweet ending to a nice meal.
The service upstairs is slower than if you are seated downstairs, but overall the staff is attentive when they are in the area. They are very accommodating for large parties if you make reservations ahead of time.This place is great. The costumer service is wonderful and the food is amazing. We had to wait for a long time to get our food is my only complaint but the atmosphere and food when it arrived were great. You should definitely try it. It's a BYOB so make sure to bring your favorite bottle of wine. Also, if you are a vegetarian, they will make any meal vegetarian for you which is amazing!Good Thai food, nearby enough that it's great to have this option within just a few blocks. Nothing mind-blowing, but really hits the spot.Awesome, hole in the wall thai place. Went there for lunch with some co workers and everyone's food was amazing. Great lunch place.On my most recent visit...
I had the shrimp Tom Yum soup.  It was incredible, per usual.  My main course was pad see ew....delish:)I had a order to go of fried salmon salad and a half of roasted duck in tamarind sauce with a side of sticky rice. The salad was just ok. The sticky rice was not the  original one and a very small portion.  The duck was good, a little bit dry but still tasty. The place restaurant seem very cosy and the staff very friendly. I will recommend this place.It was pretty good your standard thai place. 
I got duck but I wish I would've gotten something spicy.
The staff was really nice. 
The restaurant is really cute but kind of small$10 lunch specials, 1 entree with 2 appetizers. Good food, friendly staff. Limited seating.The spicy noodle was good, the chicken though was dry and bland. They are good BYOB and have a secret upstairs room that's good for large crowds - they were able to squeeze in 15 of us in there.Came here for an excellent BYO dinner with friends and this place was pretty great. We shared four entrees family style (more than enough for six adults). I really liked the pad thai, the seafood spicy noodle, and the "wonderful crispy". Cheap, good service, and really cute inside. I'll be back soon!Holy cow. This is the best Thai food I have ever eaten in the U.S. It felt awkward entering for the first time because it was so quaint, but the other patrons were a table of hilarious old folks who all wanted to try the mock meat dishes. The food tastes homecooked and always comes out hot (temperature wise, or spicy too if that's what you like) and absurdly delicious.  My fiance and I couldn't seem to find many Thai restaurants when we lived in Philly, but this was an oasis. It kind of leaves you in a daze. Oh my goodness, I wish I could go now!The red curry with chicken will make you smile.  The dish itself is a bit soupy, which makes it perfect to have with rice.  It is The seating is a bit cramped but the service is fantastic and extremely fast.  Lunch specials are very inexpensive and pretty generously portioned.  I still like Thai Orchid's red curry the best but this place definitely gives my beloved standby a run for its money.I love Thai food but this one kill the reputation of Thai food... Never going back again!I have been to this place for lunch. I strongly recommend you to try this place because the lunch deal is great and delicious! You can get choose two appetizer and a main course for only $8+. You also have the option to choose the protein like shrimp, chicken, beef or pork.  The portion isn't huge so you won't be having a heavy lunch. However the restaurant is rather small, they can accommodate about 20-30 people max. If you are coming with a group for lunch, you might need to wait. (I'm not sure if they do reservation) You can do take out! 
I tried the soup, spring roll and dumplings. I would recommend the soup and spring roll. The dumpling is on the sweeter side for me and the skin is thicker too. 
As for the main course, I have tried several of the dishes like Pad Thai, spicy noodle, spicy fried rice, tilapia special and Thai spaghetti. I love all of them, though Thai Spaghetti isn't my preference. It's covered with peanut sauce and I didn't really like the combo with the steamed rice noodle. 
Also I LOVE their Thai iced tea. It's not overwhelmingly sweet. It balances out just nice. Try this if you are looking for a drink! 
Overall, love this place! 4 stars because I haven't try their dinner menu, so leaving room for that.Philly is an absolute heaven for BYOB lovers. I wanted to find some spots in Center City where I can wine for free and dine for cheap before dancing away with my friends. Smile Cafe fit the bill perfectly.
What's not to like about this place? It's inexpensive, no frills, and a brief walk away from the nearest SEPTA station. When they see you with your jumbo wine bottles, they know what's up and bring out wine glasses and a corkscrew. It has SOLID Thai food and the portions are generous, so that your empty stomach will be history by the time you're done. Definitely a go-to place for a group of broke students going out in CC.I've eaten at Smile Cafe more than a dozen times. The food is consistently tasty, fresh and satisfying. One order of cabbage salad at $4.00 is a great first course to share. The dressing is tangy and authentic, not Americanized. Main courses are modestly priced, offering a wide selection of seafood, meat and vegetarian choices. Service is fast and friendly. The other diners always look happy--  mostly romantic couples or small gatherings of friends. WiFi is free. The restaurant is also an art gallery, displaying modern oil paintings that are changed often. We root for this kind of restaurant because it makes our city unique, diluting the saturation of chain restaurants in Philly.I've been coming to smile almost once a week since I moved to Philadelphia over one year ago. In the opinion of my significant other, our friends, and I it is the best Thai food in Philly. The curry dishes are phenomenal. Cheap and service is great! Highly recommend!I've been here a number of times and will continue to come back, although sparingly. The food is great and the prices are very reasonable but certain things just don't add up for me.
They have a lot of great things on the menu and a pretty good selection of stuff for vegetarians also. I'm a big fan of their spicy green curry, but that's about it. The pad thai is also decent, everything else is somewhat forgettable or just not something I usually order. I've experimented with the appetizers and haven't been really impressed by any of them, although they aren't bad, just somewhat simplistic. 
The place is really small and you can end up sitting super close to part of the kitchen/take away/delivery stand. It's all crammed near the back. All together I think they have maybe 15 seats here. 
The service is friendly, that's for sure, but the workers get confused easily. As an example I'll take one of the times that I ordered the green curry, which always comes with rice which I always combine with my green curry to eat. The rice comes as a big half-dome scoop, wihch is fairly usual at these kinds of places. What I didn't like was that the plate it was served on was just as big as the bottom of the scoop itself. Where was I supposed to put the curry? The curry comes in a huge bowl, so it's not like I was just going to throw the rice in there. I asked for an extra plate. They brought me one the same size as the rice plate. Err, not what I was looking for. I wanted something big enough to combine the two dishes and eat them together. Took me a few tries before they figured out what I wanted and brought me it. I'm thankful that they got it in the end, just not sure why it took so much back and forth to accomplish.
The same confusion has occurred on other occasions, eg trying to split the bill.
Anyway, that stuff aside, the Thai food here is good and that's usually the only thing I'm looking for when I come here. I'll be back sometime in the near future. I suggest everyone try it at least once.I placed an order for delivery for the first time, and there was PUBIC HAIR in the rice!!!  DISGUSTING!!!Decent BYO close to home.  The servers are extremely attentive and sweet and the serving sizes are quite large.  The pad thai was a little bit dry but flavorful.  My bf got the tom yum soup to try to warm up but it was just ok.  Not too flavorful and nothing impressive for $4 or $5.  The radna was ok.  I may be back but then again, there is also Erawan and Thai Chef Noodle...The food and service were both excellent. We had the salmon house special entree, yum woon sen (cold vermicelli salad with shrimp and onions), and BBQ squid. The salmon was a HUGE boneless fillet (tender, moist, and flaky) bathing in a light penang sauce (highly recommended). The BBQ squid was a nice appetizer -- not chewy or overcooked! The yum woon sen was a refreshing and tart salad full of elevated flavor from the fish sauce and lime juice, it had the right amount of seasoning -- I've had others that were just too sour because of the lime dressing. For the location and price (almost all of the entrees were under $16), the exceptional service and yummy food was a steal! A definite go-to place for a nice dinner date. There were only two sets of patrons there when we went during dinner time on a Tuesday.Pretty good pad Thai and pineapple fried rice, quick service, and a nice atmosphere. It's a pretty small place but I went in around 5:30 on a Friday and no one else was there.My brother's been nagging me to join Yelp for two years, but dinner at Smile Cafe tonight is what finally convinced me. It's small (seats maybe 30) and cozy, but despite being seated less than arm's length from other tables we had a quiet, good-for-conversation dinner. The intimate space must somehow encourage moderation in people's voices.
Lighting & decor are great - I didn't make it upstairs to check out the gallery, but that's on my to-do list for next time! The food, though, is what really made the night. We had grilled octopus for an appetizer, which is what kept this from being 5 stars. It was okay, but maybe I'm not a big grilled octopus fan - I probably prefer it fried. The peanut sauce it came with was yummy, sweet & spicy, and the server brought lemon slices at my request.
For dinner we had the salmon "encrusted everything with panang sauce." Oh, yum. So yum. I would say it's the best Thai dish I've ever had, except I tasted my date's dinner, and that won. It was a "choose your combo" dish: veggies, mock duck, and mussaman curry sauce. Never had mock duck before, and I think I like it better than real duck. It was more tender than duck, had plenty of flavor, and looked good! Both dishes were of generous enough portions that we took leftovers home for dinner tomorrow and were too full to try dessert. 
Great food, good service, but small. If you have your heart set on it, you might want to make a reservation. Oh, and bring your favorite beer or wine - it's BYOB and they'll supply ice buckets for chilling your wine.You seriously can't beat their lunch specials! They are anywhere from $7-9 and includes 2 apps! It's a very quaint little place, not a lot of tables, so I imagine they have a decent wait during peak times. We went around 11:45 on a Friday for lunch and got there right before the lunch rush. It was almost completely empty upon arriving and within minutes every table was full. Service was attentive and quick.
I ordered chicken lemongrass soup and a spring roll as my apps. They were both amazing. Lemongrass soup was super flavorful and a perfect portion. The spring roll and sauce accompanying were wonderful as well. Chicken Pad thai was my main dish and it did not disappoint. One of the better Pad Thai's I've had. They allow you to pick a spice level between 1-5 - I chose 3 as someone who enjoys spice, but doesn't love it to overpower my dish. It was the perfect temperature for me. Honestly, I can't imagine what a 5 tastes like since this had a good kick to it.  My coworker ordered the Mock Duck and I tried a bite - very good, but I have nothing to compare it to since I've never had Mock Dock before. She was also very satisfied with her meal. She has also been before and has always been happy.
Definitely recommend trying this out whether you're a thai food fanatic or a newby to the cousine.got delivery from here through grubhub one night when i felt like trying a new spot. the food arrived 40 minutes later nice and hot. i asked the dish be spicy and it was not what i would consider 4 out of 5. i will give it another shot.Great ambience and delicious food. You can't go wrong with either the red or green curry. Also, the place is BYOB.This is by far my favorite Thai place in my neighborhood.  I've eaten there numerous times and have always been satisfied.  The prices are reasonable and the portions are fair.  I also love that it's a byob.I went to Smile Cafe a few weeks back with friends (and had been CRAVING Thai food for weeks).  And they did not disappoint!  I ordered the "Create Your Own" with chicken, rice and yellow curry sauce.  The service was quick and all of our dishes were delicious.
Great serving sizes (had enough for some leftovers) and beautiful presentation. I could definitely tell that the ingredients were fresh!  Chill atmosphere with plenty of room for any size group (we had approx. 9 people, but there were others around the restaurant with 2-4 diners).  In my opinion, the prices were fair (since you get so much food!).
All-in-all, I had a great dining experience and can't wait to go back!I ordered take-out for lunch because my favorite go-to Thai place was closed.  I was super hungry and all I was craving was noodles...my expectations were not that high.  Yet still the food managed to disappoint.  
The drunken noodles seemed a bit dry to be "drunken".  There wasn't any sauce to be seen or tasted, except the occasional pocket of oil.  The noodles were mushy and stuck together in one giant lump, more like potatoes au gratin.  They were lukewarm, so I started eating without worrying about it being too hot, except suddenly I found myself scrambling for water because I hit a hot spot so hot it burned the top of my mouth.  What this tells me is that this was sitting around and microwaved when I ordered.  On top of that, the steamed dumpling was doughy and tasteless, despite that it was floating in sauce and had some sort of filling (pork??).  I have never in my life thrown away a steamed dumpling, but today was a first.
I don't see any point in going back.  This was hands-down the worst Thai food I've had.As far as Thai food goes in Philly... Smile Cafe has to be a go to. I've enjoyed their food twice, the first time was a delivery which arrived promptly and tasted delicious. 
The second time we decided to eat in the restaurant bringing our own drink.
The restaurant is clearly a converted house, which makes for a nice petite cosy feel.
Between us we ordered a Salmon Panang Curry and Spicy Seafood Noodles. The food came out promptly and tasted wonderful. My only problem with the delicious food was that it was delivered with "fancy Thai restaurant syndrome".. you know... where it is comes out all very pretty but on a flat plate that doesn't hold enough sauce. It was back in spring 2010 when I last was able to visit and so I am hoping they have remedied this since. I do however suggest giving Smile Cafe a shot. The food is good, the staff are nice and there are few better places to satisfy a Thai craving.service was 5 stars, no doubt. although small, the restaurant became quite busy. and, as anyone with a waitressing background can attest, it's not the size of the restaurant but the quality of the customers. i digress.
the food (i had pad thai with no meat, extra tofu and the tofu soup appetizer, and the gf had panang curry with the squid appetizer), was really uneventful, unimaginative.
boring pad thai coupled with an equally boring tofu soup, was not what i was expecting after reading so many wonderful reviews. however, my gf's curry was exactly what i read: runny, not very much flavor. she really enjoyed the squid app, however. oh! i should mention that the dipping "sauce" which accompanied the calamari was quite good, esp. because it flavored my tofu soup. 
2nd oh! the veggies were really fresh in both our dishes. 
price was consistent with other thai places, $10-15 entrees and the like.
all in all i wouldn't go back, but it was a good experience no less (decor, atmosphere, excellent service)Eh. 
Eh.
I got pick-up yesterday from Smile.  I ordered a house salad, seafood lemongrass soup, and pad sew ewe with tofu and shrimp.  The salad was delicious, and I enjoyed the peanut dressing.  The seafood lemongrass soup had shrimp, scallops, and calamari and was also very good.  However, the pad sew ew was simply lacking in flavor.  There was no basil or red pepper in it at all - I needed to douse it in Serrocha hot sauce.  Next time when I go, I will request they make it extra spicy.  If you are like me and you like your Thai food to be flavorful, I would suggest doing the same.
The restaurant is small and cozy, and although I did not eat in, it looked like a nice intimate place.  I also want to check out their art.I can't believe how many times I've walked by here without stopping.  I think I need to have my head examined, especially considering how much better it is than much of the Thai in the city. 
I  had the Pad Thai, which, with the exception of needing a bit more acid (lime), was quite good and reasonably priced -- especially since it had shrimp, chicken and tofu.  My friend strayed from her usual Pad Thai to try the Broken Sea -- in part because of its name -- and wasn't disappointed.  It was a beautiful presentation and she was pleased with the seasoning (flavorful with a little kick, but not overly spicy) and with the quality of the seafood and vegetables.  The service was pleasant and prompt to boot.Everyone tells me that Smile Cafe is the best Thai restaurant in Philadelphia. I am not sure I believe that. I came here for lunch a few days ago and I wasn't impressed. The service is stellar and quick, but the food just doesn't inspire me to return. Perhaps I ordered the wrong thing? I had the drunken noodles, which I thought were overcooked and too oily.  The dumpling appetizer was good but mine came out cold. They do have a tilapia entree that is sweet and sour (but fried) and pretty tasty. I think my heart still belongs to Erawan but I am up for trying this place out again because everyone was shocked at my lukewarm impression of this place.Yummy, reasonably priced, generously portioned Thai? Sounds like a winner! I like Smile Cafe...admitted, it's not the best Thai you'll ever taste, and getting something spicy requires a bit of convincing on your part, but it's definitely very good for what it is.One of my favorite restaurants in center city. They serve very authentic Thai food, which is very difficult to find in Philadelphia. I love the red curry with roasted duck and the Thai ice tea. The service is good. Price is reasonable also, but their inconvenient and small place keeps me away from dining inside, especially with a toddler and a huge stroller. It's really difficult for me to bring them onto the staircase and open two doors. Everything else is wonderful to me.this is actually my favorite thai place to go to.  super cute and tiny little place with delightful staff.  it's byo, the prices are great, and i always have a super meal.  
they have a make  your own page on the menu which (as a control freak) i totally love.  you pick your protein, your sauce, and they will steam or fry it for you! (i always say fry, duh) 
they have tofu available and if you order a pad thai just say "no egg" to make it vegan.Smile is a sweet, homey, clean restaurant and the staff is always knowledge and helpful. I enjoyed the food, but I'd recommend that if you don't like things super sweet, let them know. They'll adjust the dish to your preference.This is the place to go if you are craving delicious coconut soup or sour soup, they make it perfectly. I have never dine inside, always take out. Also, they are closed on Sunday! That's a real downer for me. When it comes to how quickly your food is cooked though, they are fast. Their curries are okay, but I much prefer Bangkok 9's curry.This review is only based on take out food. We ordered couple dishes for delivery. Spring rolls, chicken wing with sweet chili sauce, pad see ew and Tom yum soup noodle. 
Food got delivered in about 40min. 
There was some good and bad about their food. 
Spring roll was not so greasy and crispy but lack of flavor. 
It was already kind of cold but it was delivery food so understandable. 
Chicken wings were actually delicious. Was good choice. 
The most disappointing  dish was my pad see ew. Noodles were all stuck together so it was like gigantic rice cake and half of them got no sauce on them and uncooked. They put generous portion of vegetable and seemed fresh ones so that was plus. 
My hub did not enjoy his Tom yum noodle soup. I tasted it, it had too much lime in the broth and I prefer little less but everyone has different preference.
Overall was average experience for me. We enjoyed their appetizers but not much luck with main dishes. I am not sure because it was my first try and it was take out. If I dine there it might be total different experience. But no more delivery from this place.Best Thai lunch special deal! For $7.95, you get an appetizer, soup and entree. I really don't think anything can beat that price and deal. I'm a huge fan of Drunken Noodles and always get it here! It's really delicious, especially with shrimp! Just wish it wasn't such a far walk from Center City so I could get it more often..I guess the exercise is useful...I went here for a friend's birthday. It's a small place, but our table of nine fit just fine. The food was amazing (out of nine people, one complained about their noodles being a bit on the salty side) and the staff were super accommodating and friendly. We sat around and got a little stupid with real Jamaican  Rum. We could have had a bottle of coke (to go with our rum on the table) if we had wanted to...they also let you bring in your own birthday cake :):) 
Everything I ordered had seafood in it--seafood soup with a coconut broth (very good and I remember it fell in the $4 range) and a rice/seafood platter with lemon grass (and then maybe there was some garlic and coconut in there as well). Yum!
We also asked them to open the upstairs for us so we could check out the artwork on the walls (I think there's a gallery next door and they display their work)...they totally didn't have to go out of their way like that for us, but I'm glad they did and I'll be back.Had a great dinner here last night. The coconut soup & chicken satay apps were perfect. I had the pad thai & my bf had the spicy noodle- both were delicious.
Great atmosphere although it is very tight...we were basically sitting at the same table as another party- but otherwise it was great! Will be back- they do take out too!As a recent immigrator to Philadelphia, I have recently been inundated with restaurant recommendations by my coworker friend natives. I specifically requested my friend's FAVORITE Thai restaurant IN THE CITY. Low and behold, Smile Cafe.
I was meeting another recent immigrator, one from the homeland in fact (by homeland, I mean NYC) for dinner and drinks. His first recommendation only had 3.5 star average rating on yelp...blasphemous. Mexican is our usual go-to but I like to reserve tequila for nights when I am able to drink at an olympic level.  
We met here at 6pm (6:08 to be specific) on a Friday evening in late July. We sat at the table nearest the window, joined by the view of that playground across the street. 
I immediately scanned the table for the drink menu. When I could not find the drink menu, I flipped through my menu's pages to locate the drink page. Neither of which exist because this place doesn't serve alcohol. So, as it turns out, this place is BYOB. Call me crazy for just assuming a restaurant serves alcohol. I'm actually not super crazy about BYOBs because I'm lazy af but they do have their perks. At the end of our meal, I believe I paid with tax and tip and shit like $12 or $13. I cannot recall a time in my life where I spent that for DINNER. 
Anyways when given the option to go with Addie to pick up a few bottles of wine at the nearest liquor store or wait to hold down the fort, I made the obvious choice. Let me share something with you: while sitting at a restaurant by yourself waiting, you are given the opportunity to eaves drop/people watch to a tremendous degree. Some girl on the other end of the restaurant from us had this weird disease she was telling her date or brother about and the couple sitting next to us had the WEIRDEST dynamic. Like the girl kept saying like random tidbits about like "oh we should get a vegetable steamer to make that" and "I may go with the shrimp pad thai" to which her boyfriend/husband wouldn't say ANYTHING. So strange.
Addie came back after what seemed like an eternity. Maybe the server didn't think I wanted to order anything but she didn't come over once to find out. I would have possibly ordered vegetable dumplings or spring rolls but I never got the chance. That was a little bit frustrating. Otherwise she was really nice. 
I decided to get my usual (panang curry) and Addie went with the pineapple fried rice. 
As a huge Thai fan, I have had my fair share of curries. This one was particularly soupy, on a scale of 1-chicken noodle this was probably an 8. The flavors were decent and I've had better but I thoroughly enjoyed it none-the-less. Much to the delight of my clothes, my chop stick grip was on par because I managed, via some miracle, to not lose any pepper strips/carrot slices/whatever that leaf stuff to gravity and subsequently splash sauce everywhere. The dangers of soupy sauce and chop sticks. 
Besides the fact that Addie's pineapple fried rice was literally a giant mound of rice, its flavor profile was really unexpected/unusual. It had a maple-syrupy character (I spent about at least 90 seconds trying to think of the right word there and that's the best I could come up with). Initially that flavor was so unexpected that I wasn't into it but after I finished mine and had nothing left to eat and hastily accepted his invitation to have a few bites, it grew on me like fungus. It was really good. I would enthusiastically recommend trying it. 
Come here if u wantI've only ever had Smile's food as delivery from Diningin.com, so there' my disclaimer. 
That said, it is one of the more solid Thai places in the city, I think. First off, they nor only nail the mango sticky rice, but they do it with black rice, which is a nice way to add some panache, yes? And their drunken noodles are top notch. Simply put, the food is hearty, filling and done well. it's nothing fancy (even for the price), but it's dead on. 
However, I would like to note that, by far, the most outstanding Thai (really Lao) food in the city comes from Baltimore Ave's Vientienne Cafe. I have wet dreams about their desserts.AMAZING. Ordered delivery, had requested it to be delivered a little later, was not a problem. Super affordable, generous portions, and DELICIOUS. Got beef salad, chicken wings with spicy chili sauce, and lemongrass shrimp soup (tastes like tom yum). All for under $20!Ate here Saturday night as we wanted Thai, and, well, there are a lot of average Thai restaurants in Philly, and I don't like average. This place had good Yelp reviews, so why not go for it? Plus it is a BYOB, always a plus to bring your own bottle of vino along with you. 
This place is very Philly BYOB - small, intimate, and hectic.  Nothing terribly outstanding about the decor, but it definitely was not uninviting.  Our server poured some water, uncorked our wine, but did not pour, nor did he offer the cork, nor the traditional "swig" - might be some sort of law I know not of with BYOBs, but at least for me I want to see the server at least pour the wine.
Instead of being very inviting, our server was quick and talked to my back - a quick "what do you want?" rather than the hospitable spiel I'm so used to.  
We ordered barbecued octopus because...How often do you see that on a menu? It came quickly, and was cooked quite well - nice taste to it, nice light flavoring, and not rubbery.  It came with a peanut sauce that was, in my opinion, tasty but a tad too sweet for my taste.  Still the octopus made up well enough for it and I'd not have a problem eating it again.
For the main I had a seafood spicy noodle.  Very well done. Being a seafood lover, I appreciate it when seafood is cooked well, and this was extraordinary! Nothing was rubbery, everything just perfect.  The noodles were firm, spicy, and plentiful.  The entire dish seemed to have just as much seafood as noodles, and for under $20, you cannot go wrong.  Also, while plentiful, it wasn't overdone - there wasn't too much food, but there definitely was enough to leave with a full stomach, especially with a bottle of wine. 
Our bill - two entrees and an appetizer, came to under $40.  Definitely cannot complain about that.  What I can complain about is the service - the waiter not once spoke in front of us (always behind the back) and seemed to try to rush us out.  Also, the food came out almost too quick.  By the time we were done our appetizer we didn't even get a chance to drop our forks before the entrees came! A bit more spacing would have been welcome.
All in all, I'd recommend a visit here if Thai is an option - it's tasty, convenient to many things, and for a Rittenhouse Square restaurant, very affordable.This place never disappoints. Year after year my favorite Thai food. Keep bringing new guests and everyone always loves what they order. 
It's BYOB and accommodating for special occasions. Not very big but cute inside and service is good. Hope they stay in business for long time!This is a cute little thai restaurant, pretty tasty.
I came here post snow storm with some friends. It was my first time here, and I liked the cozy setup. There was actually no space when we got there, so host opened up the 2nd floor so we could avoid the wait. I was slightly concerned that we might not get any attention from the wait staff since we were the only ones upstairs. However, they came upstairs periodically, constantly checking if our waters were full or if we needed anything. 
I can't attest to the pad thai, since I opted for a basil curry. It was a good meal, decent portions. Overall a good experience.Good Thai food, but the restaurant is small and is good for small groups-- I wouldn't go in a group larger than 4.  
I'm a huge fan of seafood pad thai and usually get it here. I have also had and liked radna.Pretty Pretty good. Came here with a big group of friends late afternoon. It was pretty empty, but I didn't mind that. We ordered from the special lunch menu with 2 appetizers and 1 entree. I think that was a pretty good deal. The vegetable dumplings and the chicken coconut soup was a great starter, I really liked both. We shared 5 entrees, and they were all pretty huge portion sizes. To name a few we had the pad thai, the fish katsu, the bbq chicken and a few more I don't remember. All delicious and flavorful, I wish I had more!!! My favorite was probably the fish katsu. that was really delicious. 
The staff are very friendly and attentive and the food was really good for the price. I would probably say this would be one of my favorite Thai restaurant in the city.It's called Smile cafe for a reason! You will leave with a big ol' smile on your face. The food, ambiance and service were great. My friend and I started out with  tofu soup soup and spring roll for appetizers. The soup is probably the only reason that kept me from giving it five stars. It was extremely salty and I couldn't finish it entirely, however the tofu was cooked perfectly. The spring rolls were delicious and the sauce added a sweet tanginess, which was amazing for the taste buds. For the main course I  had Pad Thai with chicken and shrimp while my friend ordered chicken with red curry sauce from 'create you own entree' option. The portions were very generous. I couldn't finish mine and asked for the box. Pad Thai was very good, I liked that it wasn't drowning in crushed peanuts (had this experience at a different place). The chicken curry was amazing, and I secretly wished that I ordered that instead. The server explained that they have 5 levels of spicy, with 1 being mild and 5- the hottest. If you like spicy, I'd recommend to start with a 3 because it packs plenty of heat! But if you can handle more, which is admirable ; ), they can bring you the sauce and you can "build" it up to your level of hot/spicy curry goodness!Great food, nice place, good service, appetizers are delicious!!! Fair prices and delivery is free on Eat24!!This place is relatively small and very cute. It has good art on the walls, a water fountain, and more "proper" art gallery on the second floor.
I like the $7.95 lunch special. You get a small appetizer (soup/ salad/ dumplings/ egg rolls, I think) and a generously portioned entree (lots of choices.) The place is also BYOB (no corkage fee) so you can bring some beer or wine if you like. 
The service is friendly and nice. The place is also often quite busy, making it a cozy environment to share a meal with a friend.
I highly suggest this place! In terms of the entrees, I've had the drunken noodles,  tilapia, pineapple fried rice, regular fried rice, and salmon before - all were very good.The first time I was exposed to Thai food at a naïve 16 years of age, I thought it was the most amazing culinary invention ever created. Who would have thought to combine spicy, salty, sweet, sour, and bitter flavors ALL in one dish?!? However, since that initial encounter, I have found it difficult to locate quality Thai food that can reignite that first fire. Smile Café is no exception.
I gotta give it to them though - $7.95 for a lunch special with an entrée and two sides is a pretty awesome deal. But I found the lemongrass soup just a tad too watery, the dumplings just a hair too soggy, and the drunken noodles just a bit too mushy. They did succeed in making it quite spicy (with actual chili peppers, not just flakes!), but when I order a 5-star spice dish at a Thai restaurant, I kind of expect to be incapacitated, maybe comatose, and all I did was minimally perspire (like somewhere in between nervous first date sweats and "I just walked up three flights of stairs and am trying to pretend I'm less tired than I actually am"). 
It is possible that I'm treating Thai food like my favorite, pretty, athletic, straight-A child. I may be holding it to a higher standard just because I see so much potential. So take it all with a grain of salt, but this is my review, and I'm sticking to it!I'm going back and forth on the rating for this restaurant.  Some things definitely great, some things could be improved upon.  So, I settled on a 3.
I ordered the lunch special, which was a great amount of food for the price.  I had the dumplings and salad, and the pad thai with shrimp - all for $8.60 before tip!  What!?
The dumplings were very savory, which was exactly what I had hoped for.  The salad was pretty typical with a ginger dressing.  The pad thai was nice, but I thought it needed some heat and less peanut flavor.  Overall, tasty and cheap, just how I like my lunch.
One thing I was hoping for was some music in the background as I ate.  This is a small restaurant, where you can hear everything - even the chewing and slurping noises of those around you.  If I could change one thing, I'd have some kind of ambient noise or smooth jazz.  Otherwise, not a bad experience!Barely better than a run of the mill chinese take-out joint.
I paid 16 dollars for a tough piece of duck that tasted defrosted on top of steamed vegetables sitting in a pool of trader joe's sweet thai chili sauce.
My friend got fried rice that tasted mealy and under-flavored.
This is thai cuisine we're talking about here.
where's the complex flavors? lemongrass, lime, coconut, curry, cilantro chiles ...
terrible.
I can only imagine the high ratings are from people in the neighborhood used to inadequate thai offerings.My favorite Thai place in Center City so far. I like it loads better than Erawan!
The place is small, but comfortable. It's a very homely and relaxing environment, great for a date or good conversations with friends! 
They have a great lunch special for appx $10 that comes with 2 appetizers and a main dish. I always choose the lemongrass chicken soup as one of my appetizers. The main portion is large enough to have leftovers! 
I also like the create your own curry combo option: choose your meat / veg and choose your curry. Veg friendly!
Good value for money!This place was wonderful. I really enjoyed their coconut soup with shrimp, and the Thai iced coffee. I would get those two things everyday if I lived close by...it would be dangerous.
Our server was very kind and extremely professional. 
The restaurant is tiny, yet has and calm and airy feeling too it which is nice. 
They are also vegetarian friendly, and will accommodate your veggie desires if need be.I was *this close to giving Smile 5 stars. First 2 deliveries and eat-in's were nothing short of amazing. The food packs much more flavor than you expect and will blow your taste buds away. The prices are exceedingly reasonable and service is good. Far and above the best Thai I've had in Philly. So why not 5 stars?
The last time I got take-out the spicy noodles were unbearably hot. The only other time I've had food this hot was at an Indian restaurant where I asked for the spice level to be "as hot as you can make it" and then sent the dish back for lack of spice. The dish that returned could start a wildfire. So the takeout from Smile was ordered to be spicy, but it was so ridiculously over-spiced that I strained the noodles 3 times using a colander and still couldn't eat it. Hopefully it was an anomaly but I have to ding them a star.
Their spicy noodles are to die for (if it doesn't kill you first) and their curry is exceptional. You won't find a better bang for buck in center city.I went here once more... it's been over a year... 
It was early. We were going to the Roxy at 7:30. We were the only people there! for a while... then around 7 it got packed! So it was actually very romantic, just the two of us in the place, sharing wine and the crispy shrimp roll appetizer. 
The shrimp was amazing! Talk about crispy! I wanted that to be my meal, could I just get a bowl with like 20 of these and maybe some white rice? 
I had some noodles with chicken and shrimp. It wasn't spicy, it was in a brown sauce. It was like a stew but not, it was by far the best thing i've had in a while. My boyfriend had some seafood dish, mussels, clams, shrimp and scallops. It was spicy, I wasn't a big fan. HOWEVER, I have never liked mussels, and it took me a while to finally get it in my mouth but I ACTUALLY enjoyed it! 
To sum up:
1. Romantic because we were alone.
2. New item on menu should be a bowl of shrimp rolls.
3. I like mussels now.WOW small cute delicious and great serviceGreat food & atmosphere. The quiet and calm setting makes it a great place for catching up with a friend. I suggest the Thai Spaghetti if you like peanut sauce!Smile Cafe is definitely my favorite Thai restaurant in the city! I ordered the Pad See Ew and the Steamed Dumplings and both of plates were delicious! I do not remember what my friends ordered, but they both enjoyed their meals. Each of us ordered an appetizer and an entree and we each spent about $20 so the prices are very reasonable. The restaurant was very busy and the staff were friendly and not too forward about ordering .It's also a BYOB so don't forget your favorite wine!Amazing food! Great service! And most of all, vegetarian and pescatarian friendly! This was my first time dining here and I will indeed be coming back. This place is also a BYOB so I'll be sure to have a bottle of Red in tow upon my return.Love, love this place. Great lunch specials for an EXCELENT price. Delicious soups. I will happily take a friend / business guest to lunch here. Small but intimate comfortable feeling.Fresh & Authentic.  (or as close to authentic as we are going to get in philly)
If they would just expand their delivery area by 2 blocks They'd get 5 stars!The food at smile cafe really took me by surprise. We stopped by for a quick meal while visiting the area. The service was prompt and the food was delicious. I would definitely stop by at your first opportunity.Smile Café is like your little hole-in-the-wall Thai café on the western edge of Center City Philly.  It's more a neighborhood place than a destination restaurant.  But the food is still pretty good ... even though it is not as adventuresome a menu as I prefer.  And in addition,  the service is friendly, the prices are right, and it's BYO.  I guess that's why a lot of people are smiling inside the Smile Café!In the mood for Thai food last night with very limited options (open up already random Thai restaurant on 15th and South!), I ordered delivery from Smile Cafe. 
The good: the Spring Roll ($3.50) was crisp and the dipping sauce was great, and the Panang Curry with Chicken ($10.95) was fresh and tasty, with the right amount of spice. 
The not-so-good: delivery took an hour, when I was told 30-45 minutes. Not unforgivable, but annoying nonetheless. The Chicken coconut soup ($3.50) was verrrrrry milky and bordered on difficult to eat.
The portion sizes were generous (had enough curry left over to eat for dinner tonight), and the sticky rice was well cooked. I'd order from here again, but really only because there isn't anywhere else that delivers for free. It just wasn't particularly memorable. But if you're in the mood for Thai delivery I wouldn't count Smile Cafe out.I had the duck green curry here and it was very good...especially considering the low prices and that it's a BYOB.It's a shame a place like Jasmine Rice in CC closes down while this place continues to exist. 
The spicy fried rice had barely any spice or flavor and the rice was mushy. Probably the blandest Thai food I've tried out of Jasmine Rice, Circles, Sawatdee, Erawan, My Thai, and Lemon Grass...
I appear to be in the minority however as this place generally gets good ratings.Great Thai takeout/delivery option in the center city area. Good quality food and flavor, not greasy, good prices, and less busy (i.e. faster) than other Thai takeout places.This tiny Thai establishment is great if you like simple, authentic cooking. The portions are well matched so you won't leave hungry. I enjoyed the pad see ew and a friend tasted a seafood curry. Both delicious, but the curry a tad spicy for my liking. We were too stuffed to sample dessert, but I will be interested on my next visit.Been months since our visit but it's sooo good, I just have to write about them. This place, though small has very good, flavorful food. I always order duck when we go for Thai and this place has the best hands down. Crispy but not greasy.  It seems like there was only one girl serving that night, but it was not too long of a wait despite all tables being occupied.  Planning another weekend trip to Philly and my daughter already requested that the hotel be near that Thai restaurant...SMILE!food was okay, not sure how they mess up rice though, it was hard and uncooked, otherwise I would recommend checking it out.Last night, we ordered the seafood Pad Thai and the lovely creamy spicy duck.  Very yummy!!!!  I am not a huge duck fan but even I enjoyed the duck.  The Pad Thai came with shrimp, mussels, and squid chunks.  My only small critique of the food is that the Pad Thai was a bit heavy on the sauce.  
The delivery driver was rude!  I'm sorry, but if I pay you a tip, I expect you to bring the food to my door.  He called me to see if I would come downstairs and out of my building because "he didn't want to find a parking spot".  This is wrong!
We will be back to smile cafe, but next time, I will wait to give a tip by cash instead of prepaying by credit card.Cannot begin to express how great this place is. I've been here on a girls night out, on dates, and birthday dinners. Great service, BYOB, cozy ambience, and DELISH food! I am obsessed with the Seafood Radna, and probably will not get anything else because it's just that good. Before that I've gotten their Duck Pad See Ew and Spicy Basil Noodles, both delicious! And I always finish the whole thing. Next time you're in town, Smile Cafe is a great choice. I would call ahead (I usually do an hour ahead) just to see if they have tables available, and they usually do. GO GO GO!My husband and I stopped in for dinner.  The exterior is unassuming, but the interior is fairly nice.  It's quite small, I counted only about 20 seats.  A good intimate setting for dinner.  We got there about half past 5 and we were the only patrons.
I ordered the Pad Thai and my husband got the Seafood Spicy Noodle dish.
I thought the Pad Thai was really good - sweet and with more sauce than I'm used to for pad thai.  Not excessive - it wasn't pooling or anything.  It was not spicy at all, but was very flavorsome.
My husband thought his dish was delicious! Most of the seafood was cooked very well, though the squid was a little tough.  It never really got above a medium heat level, but the heat did build as you ate it.
We would recommend going here if you are in the area.This place is very small but the food is amazing. The sweet spicy chilli wings are my favoriteWe came here with family member who had eaten here before and enjoyed it. It's a really small space. The decor was nice and simple. It was during the lunch hour and they weren't too busy, we sat in the back near the kitchen. Try to get a seat in the front! The back was dark and not as pleasing to to eye. There's only one waitress but she was attentive and food arrived at a reasonable time. We ordered the lunch special. You get to choose any two appetizers. The cousin highly rec the spring roll. I also chose the salad with creamy dressing. The other two got the spring roll and dumplings. Oh def order the Thai tea, it is the best I've ever had. Great tea flavor and not too sweet. The spring roll was awesome. It was crispy and had alot of flavor. The salad was just a salad lol. We ordered 3 diff entrees so we could share. We had drunken noodles, salmon Penang, and tilapia. The fish dishes were breaded and fried. They also came with its own sauce and sautéed veggies. They were pretty good. I'm not a big on spicy foods but it was such a perfect amount of spiciness. They also had rice on each plate. I def prefer the salmon over the tilapia. The drunken noodles had chicken and veggies. It was ok, nothing special. We finished off lunch with fried bananas and ice cream. It was pretty darn good! I love my sweets and it wasn't greasy at all.  I would come back again. 3.5 stars! The only con, looking for a parking spot.My BF lives close by, and I absolutely love Thai food so we end up coming here fairly often. Almost every time we order an appetizer, a noodle dish, and a curry dish. For appetizers, chicken satay or bbq squid are both delicious and come with a side of pickled veggies. My favorite entrees are the masaman and panang curry. Bf likes the pad thai, and we tend to get that more often than the spicy noodles. They are always very generous with their proteins--loads of shrimp, chicken, and tofu mixed in with the noodles.
Yesterday we didn't feel like going down to South Philly to honor our V-Day reservations and ended up back at Smile Cafe. I have to admit that I was a little disappointed with their pad thai yesterday. In my opinion it was way too saucy so I didn't eat much of it, but the BF still ate it all. As a free V-Day gift, the super sweet waiter gave us some almond jello, a traditional Asian dessert I used to make as a little kid. Nice touch.
Philly Thai food, in general, is not all that great and yet it is always priced too high. Smile Cafe is no exception to this rule, but it's close by, has good service, is BYOB, and has interesting art so I'll probably keep coming back.This place is a great little restaurant with byo and Eve better for takeout, it is for sure our go-to thai location! The thai spaghetti is delicious and comes with tofu or can be made veggies only or with chicken, the peanut sauce is delicious! Their spring rolls are also a must for an added side dish and they're pretty inexpensive. 
Price-wise overall is not necessarily cheap, but not expensive either, it falls somewhere in the middle and for takeout for two people we usually fall in the $25 range. 
Will continue to return and recommend This place!Smile Cafe was quiet, delicious, affordable, and fast--it was objectively a 4-star place, but nothing really stood out for me.
It's strange that I'm giving this place 4 stars but I don't really see myself returning to it. I came here on a Saturday when everyone in Philadelphia happened to be out to dinner--but fortunately, Smile Cafe had space for a friend and me to have dinner. We were placed in the corner of an intimate, modestly-decorated room that seemed lovely but got WAY too quiet at times... to the point where if no one else in the restaurant was talking, my friend and I felt uncomfortable talking ourselves... it was spooky.
Regarding the food, it's fantastic that Smile Cafe has the create-your-own-entree section. Both my friend and I did so--he got the Mock Duck with Peanut Sauce and I got the Mock Duck with Massaman Curry Sauce. Both of our entrees came out within 15 minutes of ordering them, which was nice... but also made us uncomfortable. Both of them were decent, but nothing to write home about. They just tasted like... vegetables and seitan drenched in sauce. They were flavorful but not outstandingly so. The portions were big enough that both of us were very full. If this sounds very repetitive and bland, it is... the food was great but not special enough to warrant me raving about the place and coming back, I guess.
Overall, I would certainly recommend going to Smile Cafe for a solid, uninteresting Thai meal at a decent price. It's BYOB too, which is great. Just only go if you can handle the awkward quietness of the place.Small and beautiful restaurant right next to the Mütter Museum. When you walk in, you're immediately greeted by delicious smells. Probably the best Thai that I've had here in the city. Gotta try the Thai tea, it tastes just like the homemade stuff. Value is solid. Drunken noodles and their salmon salad is delicious. Nothing tasted frozen, only fresh. Very friendly service. Will be back.This place is small and cozy so it can get full very fast. Friendly staff and service was good. We got spicy noodles and pineapple fried rice both with tofu and veggies. The fried rice was alright but we liked the spicy noodles a lot. Beware of the spice level you request because they are not kidding. We asked for 4 (on a scale of 1-5) and the dishes were really hot n spicy! I love spicy food so I enjoyed it.A great place to get Thai food. The atmosphere of the restaurant is very chill. The food is great, I especially enjoy the spring rolls when I visit.Great Thai food & staff is wonderful!!! Have tried others in my neighborhood but this is the best!$8 lunch special for 2 appetizers and one big entree! If you make your food spicy it is legit. Rank 0-5 hotnessA small little place that has become my goto thai restaurant. Very good Thai food. Lots of veggies. Customizable options. Everything I've ever gotten has always been delicious. Staff is attentive and nice. Always a pleasure going here. Definitely recommended.Nice menu, beautiful & artsy decor. Food was delicious and met up to my expectations. Nice for a lunch date or casual dinner.Great place: quiet, nice, pleasant, cheap, the menu is big enough, food is delicious. The place is small, but very nice. Great place for a couple.great food, plenty of vegetarian options, and they will work with you if you want to alter  something and substitute with veggies. Generous portions and well seasoned. Definitely my favourite thai place in philly for now. The food is a little too spicy, which though perfect for my Indian palate may be a tad too much for others, so make sure to tell them your preference in advance. Lunch specials are very reasonably priced. A must try.Really love going here for lunch.... they have the best lunch deals! Great find.  I had the chicken and broccoli and it was delicious.  I am not a huge Thai food fan (mostly because I never had it/I'm a picky eater), but everyone recommended this place, and now I'm a fan!  Will definitely return.Nice cozy spot for dinner. Sat by front window great for people watching too. My duck with red curry sauce was amazing, partner's duck pad thai was also good. Service was excellent, although we were the only ones in there as it was early, 5:30 on a Thurs. We would be back.The drunken noodle is mediocre.  The noodles were mushy and bland flavor - I couldn't even eat it.  Erawan Thai (a block over) is much better!I love Thai food and have had generally good-but-not-great experiences in Philly. Smile cafe is definitely among the best I've tried. It's BYOB and accepts credit cards which are both nice features. Service is quick and attentive. On to the food....
I had the green curry with chicken while my date had the Pad Thai. My green curry was excellent. It is marked as spicy on the menu, and it had the perfect kick that still allowed you to taste the other notes going on in the dish. Very well done on that point. The chicken was fabulous, good quality, thinly sliced, and very tender. I have found that Chinese and Thai restaurants in the city tend to have somewhat sub-par quality chicken in these sorts of dishes, so I am always pleased when the meat is good. The veggies were fresh and not cooked to death which was also nice. Would have liked a bit more variety with the veggies in the dish, but not a major complaint. Date's Pad Thai was good, although he would have liked it spicier. Shrimp and chicken that came in it were both very good. 
We will definitely be back. The place is very small, but service is fast so turnover is likely if you're willing to wait a bit. We came around 7 on a Saturday and there was no wait, but stuff tends to be emptier around here in the summer.Love this place! Their chicken red curry is so good! They have a great deal for lunch (entree and 2 small apps for $8) and I come to this place every chance I get. All of their entrees are made to order and have a great variety of veggies. Also their lemongrass chicken soup is really well balanced. Service is very good and friendly even during busy lunch hours. Don't let the small front deceive you, this is an authentic place with delicious food!Delicious yellow chicken curry. Spouse raved about the duck. Good Service. 
Lovely vibe.Really good food. portions are a little bit smaller but decent price and good flavor from what I gotI decided to take out 3 lunch entrees for my friends. When I came to pick it up during lunch time, it was very packed. It's a small restaurant so you'll be sitting very close to the table next to yours.
I haven't had any terrible Thai food experience in the past so I was very disappointed about my pad see ew. When I first looked at it, I could tell from the color that it lacked the sauce. I was surprised by how flavorless it was. Then, I tried my friend's spicy fried rice and that too was so bland. The lunch specials came with spring rolls and dumplings which was the better part of the meal. But I was very disappointed. The portions though were plenty.Smile Cafe is a solid spot for good Thai food. I normally get the Pad Thai with tofu and the vegetarian steamed dumplings. Good combo and very filling. Service is always on point.
Be prepared to wait though because it is a small restaurant, so take-out is normally a good option. Or they do delivery during dinner, not during lunch.
I would give them five stars, but they do have some volatility in their food quality. On average, it's definitely pretty good, but sometimes it's great and sometimes it's okay. I think it's because they vary the spice levels so much. If you love your Thai food spicy, then this may not be the place for you because they are hit or miss with how spicy they make it.Smile Cafe is perfect for a small gathering of friends who like to drink large quantities of wine. 
Service is friendly and quick. The portions are large and fresh. I shared the papaya salad with a friend (huge pile of greens and a couple shrimp for $6.95.) I was surprised and how big the salad were for around $5...my go-to thai place at Penn State offered a soy sauce-sized bowl for iceberg and peanut dressing for a whopping $3. The salad was great and my entree was even better. I had the fried tofu and vegetables in a spicy basil sauce, which was divine. I am so sick of places that serve pre-fried, pre-frozen hard lil nuggets of tofu. Smile Cafe provided tofu that was crisp on the outside, soft on the inside and better yet- plentiful on the plate.
I had a few bites of my boyfriend's pad see lew, which was the perfect balance of chewiness, slipperiness and sweetness. I guess those are some strange words to describe a Thai noodle dish, but whatever. 
One complaint from the table-- the panang curry was a little watery. Why is it so hard to get a thick, creamy curry these days? Coconut milk ain't that expensive.Lovely quaint Thai restaurant I stumbled on while waiting for a class at the wine school next door. I was seated immediately. The decor is pretty sparse and unassuming but the service and food are what counts and those were both fantastic. I ordered the grilled squid salad. It was served promptly. The squid was warm and tender on a bed of crisp salad. The dressing it was served with complimented the flavor profile perfectly. I was in a bit of the hurry and the server brought my check promptly and thanked me for coming. I would definitely come back here again.I stopped here for lunch after a workshop at the Mütter Museum.  It is just a few doors down the road.  The service was fast and friendly.  The food was excellent.  Everything was fresh and the proportions generous.  Cannot wait to go here again when I am in the city.My friend and I visited during lunch time.  I didn't regret it at all, though outside was freezing.  Affordable lunch specials and I had the drunken noodles.  It was very good and flavorful.  The lunch came with soup and app.Tried this place since they seemed to have reasonable prices and good reviews.  I had Pad See Ew which is my favorite dish and what I usually try at any thai restaurant.  It was definitely very tasty; large enough for two meals. I also got some spring rolls which were delicious. I wish they had added a bit more sauce to the dish but there were some yummy veggies and mixed meat. I'm going to try some other places around the area but I'd definitely go back.I've gotten takeout from Smile Cafe a few times, but had not been to the restaurant until a friend had them open for her birthday. We had a large group so we basically took over the restaurant. I think it's great that they will do this for large parties, and it seems like a  "done thing" - on the door, their hours for Sunday are listed as "By Appointment."
The food was great and there was lots of it. The prices were very reasonable - not a cheap find, but consistent with what I expect to pay for Thai. The portions were HUGE, I barely ate half of my entree. I had the chicken satay for an appetizer, the sauce was excellent. It came with a very small portion of a cucumber salad with a great vinagrette, my only complaint is that I wish it were larger - it was mostly garnish, but was delicious enough that I'd order it as a stand-alone appetizer in a larger portion. The pineapple fried rice was good but not great, I wouldn't order it again but I'm glad I tried it. 
Service was good and very attentive (which I guess is not hard when you've only got one party to pay attention to, but still!). Water glasses were quickly and promptly refilled, ice was brought out as soon as the first bottle of white was put on the table, bottles were  opened and wine glasses procured very quickly. They did not make us feel rushed, but our server did a good job of "herding" us when necessary - it's hard to get 16 people to communally decide we are ready to order/consider dessert/etc.!
If you know you'll have a large group of people I'd definitely look into heading here for a private dinner on a Sunday. It's a wonderful idea!The Pad Thai and Tom Yum were passable. The Green Curry was a bit better but still lacked authenticity and seemed a bit over salted. The vegetable spring rolls were very good. Portions are large and service excellent.Came and left with a smile!
I admit my review might be a little biased because I went with the intention of getting a good Thai place as well as a good place to practice my Thai (been learning for a month, whoo!) I walked in a little apprehensive because I didn't have any kind of preference in mind but the waiter was patient with me and allowed me to choose one appetizer at a time, keeping the menu beside me.
The ambiance is very neighborly and feels very homey-- with the huge window, it also gives a nice, bright natural sun vibe. I felt comfortable, and the beautiful mural of the different Thai ethnic groups beaming on the wall was nice and cheery.
I came around five on the dinner side and ordered two apps and an entree.
The lemongrass soup (with shrimp!) was the best I've ever had, literally blew my mind. The flavorful spiciness, the lime tang-- it was so delicious that I ordered a second soup to take home with me. (And the soup was so inexpensive! Less than $4!)
My second appetizer was the Ka-Nom-Jeeb. I love sweet soy sauce but notoriously I am not a fan of sweet and savory mixing (as a general rule. It depends on the sweet and on the savory but... I'll leave it there.) The sweet was just enough to not be too much and I enjoyed it but I'll admit I could've gone without. This appetizer was a little more pricey, presumably because it had crab, but it was about $7~ for as many pieces, with each piece about the size and shape of Chinese shumei.
Now, I admit, for my entree, I was extremely boring-- I ordered Pad Woon Sen, which is basically vermicelli noodles stir-fried with love and also everything I want in life on a plate. (^': The portions were extremely generous and I ended up taking some home. Flavors were delicious and the shrimp stir fried in the noodles were huge! The vegetables were crunchy like I like and the noodles weren't clumpy like glass noodles can be.
Staff is very friendly and personable (and they said my Thai accent was good, so once again, biased. ;^) )
All in all, I would go again. And again. And again. (Until my wallet was empty.)Meh...wasn't crazy about this place:/ Though the place is super cute with cozy decor, it's pretty small and I couldn't imagine eating there when there's a full house. Luckily my friend and I went in as soon as they opened so we basically had the place to ourselves. 
I ordered the panang curry with duck. The duck looked way better than it actually tasted. It was just too dry, no bueno. The panang sauce was OK but nothing to wax poetic over. It's take out spot quality food, I think I would have been less bummed about not having an amazing meal if I were sitting on my couch eating it. 
One plus out of the experience, I took some Pad Thai home because everyone raved about it in previous reviews and it was quite delicious.I really like this Thai restaurant. Their lunch special is cheap yet filling. One of the best salmon panang and pad thai.Love this place for lunch! They have a great combo deal that allows you to get two sides with your meal. Food was tasty and atmosphere cozy. Highly recommend! Beware does get crowded for lunch and has limited seating.The shrimp pad thai had good flavoring, although it was a lil bit mushy but that was fine with me.  You need to get the lunch specials $7.95 for 2 little appetizers and an entree.  Service was serviceable(pardon the pun).We went to Erawan only to discover that it is closed on Mondays (not sure how we went 6 years without figuring that out, but whatever).  Since we already had Thai on our minds, and since Smile Cafe is only a block away, we decided to give it a try.
Sorry, Erawan, but I don't think we'll be back.
For the sake of comparison, I ordered the same meal I always get - Chicken Pad Thai.  And let me tell you........YUM!!  It was served piping hot, something Erawan typically misses the mark on, and it was absolutely delicious.
The lunch special is also better than at Erawan - only $7.95 and you get your choice of two starters (as opposed to having to get a salad + 1 app) plus an entree.  The dumplings were delicious and the soup of the day, which was Chicken Lemongrass, was unbelievable.  I had never had that before.....it was somehow both refreshing and spicy.  I'll definitely be getting it again!
To top it all off, the service was fantastic.  I hate to keep doing a side-by-side to Erawan, but service there is truly subpar.  If all other things are equal (which they aren't, but just stay with me here), the better service here gives it the edge.  This will definitely be our new go-to Thai spot.bSmile Cafe is my favorite Thai place in Philly. I've had many pleasant meals here, all made so by the delicious food, fair prices, and wonderful service. And, it's a perfect date spot! 
I typically get either curry or pad see ew, and both are perfect. But no meal here is complete without the lemongrass soup. Wow! I could have a huge bowl of this every day of the week. So perfectly tangy, salty, and spicy. 
Now that I think about it, for some reason I tend to eat here more in the winter than any other time of year. Maybe it has to do with how the food warms me up, or the cozy, intimate space.Hosted a party of 10 in the small art gallery upstairs  - everything was set when we arrived, they were very accomodating in bringing ice buckets, wine openers, wine glasses (2 each as we were doing a mini-tasting) - nice atmosphere. As we were the only ones upstairs we ate, drank and were generally merry - hopefully not causing to much commotion for the other diners downstairs. 
Our waiters (2 of them) took great care of us - not over the top but always seemed to be there when we needed something. 
The food, having eaten there a number of times in the past, was as expected, excellent. We left the selection up to the chef, having indicated we wanted to share some appetizers, main dishes and then split a number of deserts - the meal started with rolls, soup, shared several plates of duck (was fantastic), seafood salad, etc... - all was good.  
Never been disappointed here.Very nice place, small but cozy.
The staffs are friendly too.
The food are great , reasonable price.
I recomened Pad - see -ew for ppl who can't eat spicy .
Thai salad beef for who love spicy (I'm Thai and I love spicy !!)
My friends also ordered Papaya Salad , Grill duck and Beef BBQ with sticky rice.
Everything is very yumm!My friend and I dropped in for a casual dinner this evening, and everything hit the spot! We started out our meal with a share of the squid salad, which was nicely flavored, and accompanied by a flurry of greens.
As entrees, she ordered the panang salmon, and I ordered the spicy duck, both at "level 4" on a spiciness scale of 1-5, with 5 being the spiciest. Accompanied by sides of rice, both were enough for two meals, and so we have lunch for tomorrow!
The salmon was perfectly cooked, and deliciously flavored, with just enough coconut milk. And the spicy duck could best be described as a sweet spicy, and was lightly fried, and accompanied by carrots and broccoli.
The service was good too, and the setup was super-cute.
I definitely recommend Smile Cafe."i've been craving pad thai for two months. it's like I'm pregnant with a monk's baby" were the words of my friend when we were trying to figure out what to order for dinner. After hearing this statement there was no way I could deprive her of her beloved pad thai, but I ran into a dilemma. Where do I order it from? I'm not a huge fan of Thai food so I was clueless. She suggested we use Grubhub.com to find a place that delivers and OMG this site is amazing to find delivery in you area. Every cuisine and every place that delivers in your area! We chose Smile Cafe because of their expansive menu and location. Downside? The delivery charge was $7, which I thought was a little ridiculous. Well at least we won't have to tip the delivery man, right? Wrong! When her Pad Thai and my Rad Na was delivered the man gave me the evil eye when I asked for the cash back (our bill was $36 for two dishes, a little pricey for delivery in my opinion). He was really pissed that I asked for change from the $40 and told me that he only gets a dollar from the delivery charge. I felt so awkward and uncomfortable. Am I wrong to feel this way? But, hungry and annoyed I just let him keep it  and quickly closed the door. This food better be worth the hassle.
I was a little disappointed. My Rad Na came in two compartments, the vegetable, chicken and broth in one and the noodles in another. I would have liked them to be in the same container so the noodles could marinate and soak up all the juices. But I put it all in a bowl and tried to mix it around as much as I could. The chicken and broth were really good but the noodles were a little lackluster. They had a weird aftertaste and didn't absorb the broth well. I ended up just eating all of the ingredients from container one and left the noodles aside.
My friend was not upset with her Pad Thai at all and ate it all within minutes. She was definitely satisfied with her meal, but I was left still hungry and broke.
In my opinion, delivery should not be expensive. Twenty bucks for a dish that didn't wow me makes me pretty upset. And I'm not  a cheapskate by any means, I love to sit in a nice restaurant and just throw away my bills on delicious eats, but this was a rainy Friday chill-night. Smile Cafe delivery just  did not deliver.This place is about two blocks from our office. The lunch special is crazy good - only $7.95 for a listed entrée and two appetizers (small portions).  They do a god job with Thai specialties. Some of the dishes are Americanized but well done for that approach. I've never had a bad lunch - tilapia (with sweet chili sauce), pad Thai (a little mushy), Pad see Ewe, Salmon in panang curry, Pineapple fried rice, Shrimp satay. Service is quick and efficient.  So for lunch  - fantastic!  Spring roll, dumplings and soup (always tom yum gai) are my go to appetizers for lunch.Pretty good food! Definitely worth it for lunch ($8). You get a entree and two sides. I got pad see ewe and it was good!Thai food how I love thee. I have been to Smile Thai multiple times for lunch and recommend it to everyone that mentions they enjoy Thai. Smile is perfect for a quick lunch - it is always a man and women working (I've decided they're a husband and wife following their dreams - but I'm a bit of a dreamer) If you go around 11:45 there will be little to no wait, any later, bring your standing legs because I can almost guarantee there's going to be a wait. I think everyone within a 3 mile area knows about this place. 
Don't get me wrong, if you're trying to impress someone (like for a job interview or client meeting) I wouldn't recommend, as it is more casual but if you want to have AMAZING food with great service - come on down. 
I've ordered a large variety of things here - panang curry,massaman curry, green curry, spicy basil sauce, spicy peanut, pad thai, drunken noodles, and the mock dock meal with noodles - all of which are amazing. Please note that they are pretty authentic, so if you ask for a 5 spice - they will deliver so if you are an absolute spice-aholic,I would recommend it - even their spiciest dishes have flavor - but I typically go for a 3 or 4 if I'm not feeling spice that day. I would say if you get a 1-2 spice on the pad thai - it's typically a little sweet, but different stokes for different folks. 
Cannot wait for my next visit!Best Thai place in the city. Reasonably priced, BYO, and large portions of decent food. I usually get the pad see ew and wife gets the spicy noodles or pad thai. Creatures of habit. Golden ring (fried octopus) was surprisingly good.
A bit on the outskirts of Rittenhouse which is a plus in my mind since it makes parking quite a bit easier. Service is prompt, if a bit brusque (our waiter last time had a strange choice of words - "you want anything else?" - for a sit down meal).What a little gem!!
Last Friday, I was in need of a date night at a byo stat.  My boyfriend did a little research said some good options would be Smile Cafe or Aqua.  Aqua is closer, so we opted to go there.  Big mistake--they are packed with groups and our sans-reservations selves were told to wait half an hour.  Um, sorry, we're too hungry for that!!
We hopped in a cab and headed to Smile Cafe and I'm so glad we did!! A lovely, quaint little thai restaurant that felt very relaxed and romantic.
We ordered soup (delish) and spring rolls.  The bf got some drunken noodles and declared they were the best he'd ever had.  I order chicken with basil and it was excellent.  Perfect amount of sauce, veggies and chicken.  In fact, they have a list of about 6 proteins and 8 sauces and you can create your own meal.  and, the service was excellent.  
After dinner, we just sat for about 40 minutes finishing our wine.  We weren't rushed at all! No one came and asked if we wanted anything else... we just sat and sipped.
I didn't see the bill, but I was told it was totally reasonable.  
We'll be back for sure!!Like many Thai places Smile Cafe's entrees are a little on the pricey side. However, they have a great and affordable lunch deal. Not the best Thai I've had but this is one of those places where price makes up for a few other things.
Had the steamed dumplings, spring roll and the red chicken curry. The steamed dumplings were okay, a little thin which resulted in the filling coming out with any pressure applied but they still tasted good. Decent spring roll, not super memorable but not bad. Red curry was good, nice mix of vegetables, perfect amount of rice, and spicy enough to not be wimpy but not make me wish I'd brought tissues either. 
Tried one friend's yellow curry which was less impressive and the potatoes weren't cooked enough. Another friend ordered the mussels and said they were good (wouldn't know, I think they're gross), but for a lunch special they gave her a generous portion.
The space is a little cramped so it's not really a great place for large groups (I'd say more than 4).I have been walking past this place for the last 2 years almost everyday and always wondered. Funny thing, I didn't even know it was a restaurant for the longest time, anyhoo, that was my laziness.
So me and my friend decided to get thai takeout, and we almost ordered from Erawaan, and then I decided to check out the reviews of this place and went with it. SO HAPPY i did. The prices were way cheaper, will not lie, always helps. Placed my order through the phone and the person who took the order was super patient and helpful [ I happen to be a mad indecisive soul...] 
We got the 
Steamed Shrimp and corn dumplings
Seafood Pad Thai
Create your own Salmon dish with vegetables in Penang Curry  Sauce.
Amazing! I won't lie, I loved the Pad Thai, only problem was, where it looses a star, was the seafood was not the freshest of all, the scallop was a bit questionable, but nothing major. I would still go there in a heartbeat and order the same thing! Steamed dumplings came in a bundle of 5 and were creamy from the corn and had a great spicy kick to it! Dear god the Salmon was DELICIOUS! I thought they would be small pieces, turns out they give u a huge piece from the best part of the salmon, with beans, peppers, carrots and pineapple in the creamy rich sauce. Wish I could lick the plate. If you are sharing food, this salmon could easily be split in two. 
Point is, I would order from here in a anytime and food was plate-licking worthy! The salmon was $14.95, who could beat that? For Vegetarians, they have this thing called Mock duck and many other alternatives and will modify any entree for you too. They definitely put a smile on our face by the time we were done :]Good service. Small, but cozy space. BYO! Pad Thai was decent, but nothing to rave over. My friend had some beef noodle dish which was mush with gravy over it. Not the best thai, but not horrible...Cozy atmosphere...friendly staff...great food...what else could you ask for? Smile cafe has been my favorite thai restaurant in the area since my first visit 4years ago...I went here tonight, my first time. I can say for a fact that it won't be the last for sure!!!
I had the spicy seafood noodle, it was by far the most delicious thing I've had in days! Portions were very filling and its BYOB! come on, can't get any better... as an appetizer I got the steamed dumplings, and I don't know what they were filled with but my goodness they were amazing. I think there was no meat in them, and I love meat, so it was surprising to not taste any and still find myself craving more.
The mood is cozy and very welcoming... I felt like my friends were throwing a dinner party and they were serving me. This place is a nice little get away from the city.Just ordered take out from Smile Cafe. Because I only get a 30 minute lunch break I need to have my food on time. The service was fast and friendly. I got the lunch special, salmon panang curry, chicken lemon grass soup (my favorite super flavorful light and delish), and steamed dumplings for only $8.00. The food was good (not great but good, perhaps I need to try some different lunch items), the price was right, and the service was fast. The sauces were light but flavorful and the lunch portion was just right. Definitely one of my new favorite lunch spots.I find it really tough to find good thai food in the city, and I was hoping smile cafe would be the one to prove me wrong. Unfortunately, I was sadly disappointed by my mediocre pad see ewe. While there was a generous portion shrimp in the dish, the noodles were overcooked and the dish wasn't as savory or flavorful as what I expect when I think of thai food! I'll probably stick to my usual delivery spot in south philly next time I get a hankering for some pad thai!I am very picky when it comes to Thai food, since I worked at a Thai restaurant for years and cook my own dishes.  I also like my Pad Thai to be more tangy than sweet and this place has it :) The lovely duck is delicious!!  
Good service too
Highly highly recommend and it's affordable!First time tonight. Stopped by for take-out given the good Yelp reviews. My husband I had an order of Spring Rolls, Pad Thai noodles with shrimp and Create Your Own Entree (we chose chicken & peanut sauce). Given that we have lived the last 20 years on the West Coast and have eaten at tons of Thai restaurants, we have an appreciation for good Thai food. Happy to share that we both loved our meal from Smile Cafe! Wonderful flavors and everything was cooked perfectly - the Spring Rolls were crisp and light with yummy fresh crunchy vegetables inside, the shrimp and the chicken were tender and flavorful and the peanut sauce was delicious. We can't wait to go back and truly explore their menu!I was recently in Smile Cafe to celebrate my dad's birthday along with the rest of my family that was visiting from California and we left fans of this place!
First off, this restaurant has a very intimate feel to the place and this beautiful mural of the many faces of Thailand. It's worth to sneak a peek! They were able to accommodate our larger group of 6 in their smaller restaurant and seated us right away!
We started off with spring rolls and edamame, which were both a big hit of those. And everyone had ordered their own entrees that varied from Red Curry to Drunken Noodles to Pad Thai. The consensus of the table was that everyone was enjoying their respective meals denoted by the silence that came directly after the food arrived. (You know that the food is good when people can't be bothered with conversation.) I also was pleased that they were able to give me a respectable spice for the dish (some places barely even give you any spice when you request it). 
All in all, I found a new regular thai spot near my place! I'll definitely be back to try their lunch combo specials!Dining in, taking out, or getting delivery, smile cafe performs well. Food is reasonably priced (lunch special is a phenomenal deal) and BYOB optionality is always a nice touch. Recommend the curry dishes above all else but haven't been disappointed experimenting.I've been here several times now, and each trip secures my belief that this is the best Thai in the city!! I'm a huge fan of the yellow curry, though everything I have tried has been incredible.What a find! A small, cozy restaurant with impeccable service and excellent food. Since to me good service is equally important as the food itself, it was refreshing to eat here. Attentive, courteous, very prompt service, without being overbearing or hovering. A delight. The food was equally enjoyable. We had the lunch special ($7.95) consisting or spring roll, salad and Pad Sew Ewe----really delicious!...and a seafood Tom Yum soup, moderately spicy with the most heavenly lemongrass flavor. Can't wait to be in Philly again, we are definitely coming back!This restaurant was the worst in Philly in my opinion. Not only did I order Thai food to go but it was ready in less than 3 mins. That should have been my cue to leave, especially when the server was requesting that I pay before I get my food. I am sure he knew something was up! The food was disgusting and it cost over ten.dollars. I didn't even eat all of it. And when I thought that was the worst part, I got a bad headache afterwards. Probably due to the msg! I feel like throwing it up. It's making me really sick. I hope I do not get food poisoning. Please don't punish yourself, there are to many other Thai places u can go to. This one serves you old food!Great value for lunch.  Ate there with a colleague and our tab was $17 for two apps and an entree.
This solid thai food.  Not spectacular but solid.Smile is a cute little Thai spot with good food . I find Philly to lack great Thai but this place is one of the better Thai spots In these parts. I split the veggie pad Thai and yellow curry with my buddy. The pad Thai was worth ordering again as was the curry but next time I'd prefer to try their masa an or red curry . The Tom yum soup was not as spices as I'd like it. Staff was semi friendly but seated us oddly for place being empty ( tight spot against a wall ). I will be returning soon to try some more dishes  k spicy noodles being next on my list .Live nearby and order often, consistent delicious food so I keep coming back. The Thai cocount soup is delicious and the tofu pad thai has big beautiful vegetables and the option of steamed or fried tofu. Great!Great BYO for a group of friends. Service is fast. Also, the dishes are huge, pretty cheap, and delicious. 
Will definitely go again.Catered office lunches are a lot like checking out new music. You borrow a disc, try it out with no commitment, see if you like it. If it's good, you rip that one and hit up itunes to find more tracks. If it's really good you say, "damn I gotta see that sh*t live!" 
Thus was my experience with Smile Cafe. They've delivered lunch to the office a couple of times. Tried a little bit of everything. Each time I'd say, "I gotta go check this place out." 
Any place that can deliver Pad See Ew and have it be delicious and not all stuck together despite being carried across town has to be pretty good. 
I was not disappointed. 
The Pad See Ew was even better at the restaurant, as one would expect, and the red curry was spicy and delicious, not to mention the place is a quaint hole-in-the-wall. Service was friendly and fast. 
Definitely glad I checked the place out for dinner. Smile Cafe is now my no-frills, go-to Thai place in town. And the gallery upstairs is cool.Smile Cafe has better food that Erawan which is why I am giving it 4 stars to Erawan's 3.  But I happen to like the new Thai Chef & Noodle Fusion place that just opened on Chesnut even better.  The service here is quick and friendly and the place is as big as a minute.  
Seriously - it is very tiny in here and somewhat cramped.  It's like you are eating in someones apartment,  Lunch prices are reasonable.Enjoyed a good meal here tonight. This place is very reasonable. Was reasonably busy but enough room for us. Brought along a bottle of Fat Bastard Shiraz for company.
We had the BBQ Squid starter which was very tasty. Al dente calamari rings served with a spicy peanut sauce. I would eat this all day and all night. 
We followed on with a chicken massaman curry and a beef red curry. The sauces were both spicy and tasty. The chicken was good - the beef a touch dry but not so much as to make a difference. All round, I am glad I went here tonight and would do so again. 
I can't say I would rate it as the best thai I've had - but for $30, its a place to revisitVisited Smile Cafe for a reunion of my trip to Thailand. All agreed Smile Cafe compared favorably to the food we had in Bangkok. The place is not fancy, and there is no atmosphere. But, the food is tasty, and the server is nice. And, it is a lot closer to my apartment than Bangkok.Is Smile Cafe the most authentic thai restaurant in Center City? Of course not.  Is it an excellent lunch special at $7.99 for appetizer and entree? YES.
I went into this very small establishment with a coworker for lunch on a Wednesday.  The service was very fast - probably due to the fact that the lunch menu was pretty limited.  I had the shrimp spicy fried rice and my coworker had the spciy drunken noodle.
For those of you who like your spicy food, make sure to ask your dish to be extra spicy since the normal dishes might be slighly bland (probably to accommodate the average tolerance of spiciness).I returned- sober and super hungry... I was pleasantly suprised by the decor. Its small, but very cozy and inviting with loads of artwork on the wall. Apparently this place also serves as an art gallery. Boy did I miss alot the last time around. Service was efficient and friendly and the menu consisted of your standard thai fare- green, yellow and red curries, spicy basil, etc, etc with your choice of meat, tofu, or seafood.... We opted for the spicy noodles with shrimp (somewhere in the fog of my drunken stupor I remembered eating something spicy with noodles and being a big fan). We also got the tofu with yellow curry. 
So I'm a total wimp when it comes to hot food, but people assume I like things spicy (the hazards of being Indian).. I'm usually  super weary at thai restaurants, and end up pleading with them to make it mild, only to find that I spend half the meal in tears from the spiciness- like I said big wimp! Thankfully Smile Cafe got it just right. The food still had a kick to it, but it was just the perfect amount of spiciness. The food was very flavorful, and I loved the fact that the curry wasn't super heavy. The tofu still picked up the flavor, but it wasn't heartburn inducing. The biggest shock of the meal was the price. We had plenty of food for two, and the grand total was $32. I've spent way way more on sandwiches for lunch!! I'm definitely coming back to this place- sober or drunk....Excellent all the way around. This place is very small, but probably some of the best Thai food in the Philadelphia area. The portions are extremely generous and the quality is outstanding. If you can get a seat I highly suggest you try this place. It's very unlikely you will leave dissatisfied!Pad Sew Ewe (in between medium and spicy) - got my fix out of the way but definitely did not taste like anything extraordinary
Thai Iced Tea - not too sweet, not too strong... a perfect touch for your taste buds!
Papaya Salad - pretty good but nothing special
Steamed Dumplings - worst dumplings i've ever had... i'll never order this item againFinally made it to Smile after wanting to try it for years. It was the perfect spot for a girls night dinner. I enjoyed my curry though I wish it had been slightly spicier, next time I will ask. Their pick your own menu suits me very well and I look forward to returning to try other dishes and appetizers. I wouldn't say this is the best Thai I've ever had but it is good for Philly and the service and environment are way better than most in the city.We came for a late dinner and very much enjoyed the food and ambiance.  It is a tiny restaurant but cozy and our dishes were great:
- The garlic and black pepper stir fry was light and savory, although I did not see the black pepper.  
-The red curry tofu was solid with a spicy and creamy broth, and the pad see ew was perfectly seasoned and served with a six jumbo shrimp.  
-The chicken pad thai was very good as well with plenty of chicken and perfectly cooked sweet and savory noodles; the portion size was quite generous and is enough to last two meals, at least.  
-The grilled calamari appetizer was also a hit as it was tender with a slight char and served with a tasty slightly tangy peanut dipping sauce.  
-The chicken satay was decent but pretty standard. 
-The coconut soups were a hit but the tofu vegetable soup was literally 5 tiny cubes of tofu in a vegetable broth.  
Overall, the meal was great and service was fantastic.  We ended up talking until 10:30 before we realized that they actually close at 10 pm since they were kind enough to not even ask us to leave!Went with my best friend today for lunch! Soooo good. Be sure to try the Beef Charcoal and the Panang Salmon. DELECTABLE. Our kind waitress was the cherry on top. Can't wait to visit again soon.The friendly staff are happy to serve your BYOB, which is a feature of many Philly restaurants that an SF resident like me really appreciates. The food was delicious and included plenty of veggie options and "mock duck",  a veggie meat substitute. (I didn't care much for the texture, but it tasted ok.) Nice atmosphere, good for dates. Only seats about 20 so make a reservation for more than 2.
The art gallery upstairs is nice and hosts work (currently) by 2 artists. It can be a bit hot up there but is well lit.This is my favorite Thai place in the city!! My husband and I go here often for both lunch or dinner.  The food is always so good.  We have traveled to Thailand a year ago and the food here is definitely measurable to the authentic Thai dishes that they offer.  My favorite dish is the beef salad . . . its always a great app. to start the table off with.  Refreshing and filled with great flavors!  Its a cute little hole in the wall in the city.This is a great place to hide out from the elements - it's small, intimate, painted in warm colors and just comfortable and welcoming. I might even use the word "womblike" here.
Lots of vegetarian options, from spring rolls to papaya salad to spicy basil tofu. That last one is my standard order - it's a huge serving of fresh, lightly cooked vegetables (no gross canned baby corns here), tofu that's crispy on the outside and silky on the inside, and sauce with a peppery kick (I only wish there was more of it). I love this dish in the wintertime.
The owner is usually serving the whole (small) room, and he seems to have a great feel for when you're in a hurry and when you want to linger awhile at the table. I like it here.Food tasted like bleach. Soup was good. Delivery fastI really wanted to give Smile four stars--I really and truly did. Went here on a date last night, after not having gone in at least a year. I had used to go to Smile a lot with friends before seeing a show at First Unitarian, right around the corner (rest easy, old friend), and remembered it as a really solid Thai spot. Which it certainly still is!
I'm a huge fan of the Pineapple Fried Rice (no Shrimp), and will get it every time. When we arrived, my friend and I were the only people in (around 6:00pm), and got the great seat by the window. Our server was speedy in the beginning, but then as the night got longer, his visits to our table came less and less--to the point where other diners who had arrived after us had gotten their to-go boxes and gone, all while we were clearly waiting on the server. A mild annoyance, but still, could have been a little more attentive.
I'll definitely still be coming to Smile, it's a great little place that's off of a lot of people's radar for being located where it is. Three solid stars, nothing to be ashamed of!My mom is allergic to cheese, so when my parents visit, it's either Asian cuisine or eating in.  We had frequented Pattaya, but were looking for a new place to dine, when I googled thai restaurants in Philly.  Smile Cafe was one of the results, and I am so very glad that I made the discovery. 
This byob is fantastical!  With an art gallery upstairs, and quiet setting downstairs, I still cannot believe it took me so long to find this place!  The food is delicious and VERY filling.  Another bonus:  you can order take out if you are craving some pad thai at your own place! 
Smile Cafe is a Thai Food Gem!  I only wish I had known about it long ago!i used to live 2 blocks from here and when i first walked by i wasn't too moved, but it looked cute and small so i decided to try it out. Can't complain and I've been going here regularly since. The food is great, its cozy and the service is top notch. The gallery upstairs is also worth checking out. i approve =]Food is really really good. I am happy that found a new thai restuarant ...
I was to review with 4 star as the appetizer quantity was less but entres are really heavy and yummy so balanced out. I will keep coming here and highly recommendedI am confused as to all the good ratings. Even at its worst, erawan is a much better restaurant. This isn't remotely Thai food.Smile Cafe has decent Thai food, but it did not blow me away, and there are better options in the area.  
The atmosphere is nice.  It is small, but because it is attached to the gallery, the addition of the art makes it a nice space for a meal.  The service is nice and helpful.  But the food just really is not special.  The spicy lemongrass soup is alright, but not anything to write home about.  The curries are just ok.  The penang and massaman curries had a nice taste to it.  But the chicken was a little tough and the veggies weren't cooked that well.  I was happy to try Smile Cafe, but I think for Thai food I will go to one of the other restaurants in the area.I went to this lovely Thai restaurant this week. Their decoration was very cool and the atmosphere was very nice. My girlfriend and I had the lemongrass soup and golden rings as appetizer. Both were very tasty. The sourness of the soup was just perfect. The golden ring were basically fried calamari but much more delicious. The skin was not regular fried calamari skin but was more like tempura skin. The plum dip with ground peanut perfectly matched the golden ring. The pad sew ewe was good but not as impressive as the previous two dishes. Also the steam dumpling was just ok.
If you are looking for a cheap and tasty thai restaurant, Smile Cafe is definitely worth a try.I LOVE Smile, I really do- and you know, I'm not even really that big of a clean freak, but this weekend I saw a bathroom that really needs to be called out.
It was a busy Friday night. A group of friends and I were seated upstairs in the art gallery area- I didn't even know they had tables up there. I was surprised that there was a bathroom on the second floor because it's such a small place. 
I don't know which was the best part- the broken sink, which had a sign that said "broken" and a bucket to catch the drips, the bottle of hand sanitizer on one side of the faucet and the half-empty beer on the other, the guitar (??), the painting that was strewn face down on top of storage boxes, or the toilet paper roll which was placed on a leg of an upside-down chair. 
We laughed about it- we were just a group of 20-somethings with four bottles of wine between the six of us. We certainly weren't trying to impress anyone, or be impressed. The food was spot-on. This time I had the panang curry with soft tofu, which was excellent. 
But really, the bathroom. Get on it, Smile.The lunch special is something, like, $8.
IT IS AWESOME. You get two "appetizers" and an entree.
The salmon penang is my new favorite thing.
I really don't have much else to say about it.
I like you, Smile.Decided to mix it up and try a different thai restaurant than my usual spot and settled on Smile Cafe after reading such good reviews! 
I went with two friends on a Monday night and though the restaurant is very small, it was virtually empty! I was initially worried this was a bad sign, but as we ate, I realized the place gets a TON of take out and delivery business, keeping the kitchen very busy!
The restaurant is small but clean, the waiter was attentive, and service was extremely fast. They have a decently large menu and I especially liked a create your own section where you could choose your rice/noodles, meat, and sauce. I had chicken and vegetable green curry and thought it was really good. I thought the quality of the meat was pretty good and the meal was pretty spicy and flavorful. I did thinks some of the veggies looked a little less than fresh though. My friends had the red curry (also dubbed delicious) and the pad see ew (very bland, would not order again). 
We stayed talking long after our plates were cleared and check was paid and the staff were so kind, refilling our drinks and not rushing us out until we were ready. 
Overall, a solid option for thai food in the city, though some menu items were better than others. I'd definitely go back and will put this on my list for takeout!MMMMmmmm tofu pad thai...   Pad Thai is definitely one of my top 10 favorite meals of all time, and Smile Cafe did a solid job of satiating my craving for it.  They have a fantastic lunch deal ($8-9 gets you two small appetizers and one very ample-sized entree).  My boyfriend had been once before with coworkers and enjoyed it so much, he took me there for a Friday lunch date.  The place is very small, so we had a late lunch (around 1pm) in order to miss the rush - We got a table, no problem.
Service was wonderful, food was very tasty, and the portions were big enough that I had leftovers for lunch the next day :-DThis was a really nice lunch before going to the Mutter Museum--great service and value.  Really nice art on the walls and generous portions in the lunch specials.  I had the penang salmon--great!I came here with a group of my friends and had a great time. We made a reservation and even when we came 20 minutes early, they accommodated us quickly and were very friendly. 
The food was also good. It's not the best Thai food I've ever had but it's definitely the best I've had in Philly. I got the pad thai (shrimp and chicken) which did not disappoint. It had plenty of both proteins, which i really appreciated. And, the portions are huge! I took leftovers home and when I reheated it the next day, it was still good. 
I recommend Smile to any budget-conscious Thai lovers (who also appreciate a BYO)Love this place! I come here pretty often and almost always for the lunch special (best deal) but also for dinner a couple times. The shrimp pad thai is one of the best I've had and the entree I get every time I'm here. As for the appetizers, I've tried the spring roll, steamed dumplings, and spicy lemongrass soup. The dumplings were my favorite and the spring roll is pretty good too (pretty large in size). A great deal for the price, especially because shrimp pad thai typically costs $12+ on it's own. They are also BYOB so it's a nice place to go while also having wine you brought with you and they'll provide the glasses and uncork the bottle free of charge. The family that runs the restaurant is super sweet and will always accommodate any of your requests with a smile. Always have fast service here as well.Last friday night, my friends and I were hoping to score a last minute reservation at a BYOB. While trying to score a reservation at some of the more ubiquitous philly byobs can be tough the day before or the day of, smile cafe happily accomodated my group of 6. 
This place may seem a little unassuming from the outside, but they make tasty, affordable food. If you're in the mood for Thai, this is a solid option. 
Check out their lunch specials sometime too. It's a great deal. Can't be beat!Fresh, crisp, albeit standard spring rolls.  Spicy noodles were delicious and perfectly seasoned, but a little light on vegetables.  Spicy fried rice was also well seasoned and delicious.  Thai iced tea was great, as always.  How can you go wrong with a spicy meal and cooling thai iced tea?  I had delivery, so no idea on the ambiance of the restaurant.  I'd get food from there again for sure.Very cute small place.  We ordered Spicy noodles and Fried Tilapia with pineapples, tomatoes, in a curry sauce, which was pretty good.  Noodles were yummy, with a nice spicy depth to it (not sure how to describe it -- almost like roasted hot pepper, if that makes sense).
I'd say this is about 3.5+ stars, not quite 4 stars.  Will be back if I feel like Thai & don't want to go too far or can't find a better place for it in Philly.Hubby and I thoroughly enjoyed our evening here! We showed up on a Saturday evening without a reservation but we were still able to be seated within a matter of minutes. It is a small restaurant but we loved the cozy atmosphere. I had the red curry salmon which was delicious but I also couldn't keep my fork away from my husband's spicy noodles!!! Phenomenal!! I plan on making regular trips here, ordering takeout, having it delivered....Whatever it takes for me to explore their entire menu!! A-plus in my book!!Hard to believe but this was my first Thai experience! First day at my new job and a coworker asks me to go to lunch with her! Yay!
She suggests Thai and I'm a little "meh" inside because I don't like coconut and I don't like peanuts...which is what I thought Thai was all about...but hey I can suck it up to make a new work friend right?
So we took a short walk and the inside is adorable! She told me they also have an upstairs for when the downstairs gets too packed...I'd like to see what that looks like.
Our server was very friendly and quick to get us waters, menus and utensils.
We perused the lunch menu which has an extensive list where you can order two starters and one entree. We both landed on salad and spring rolls as our starters. First bite in and I'm excited! This is not at all what I expected...the salad was fresh and crunchy with some sort of orange dressing that wasn't gingery like a Japanese salad and the spring rolls (veggie) were full of flavor, crunchy not soggy, and had a delicious clearish sauce over them.
For our entrees she landed on Pineapple fried rice with chicken and I got the drunken noodles with chicken.
Wow again I'm super pleased with the entree..nothing at all what I expected..wide noodles..a little spicy..no coconut..no peanuts! Exactly what I wanted! The portion was extremely generous especially after I ate the whole salad and spring roll..but that's even better because I took it home for dinner!
My friend said hers was good but it didn't taste like pineapple unless you were taking a bite of actual pineapple...she thought it would be better if they cooked the rice in pineapple juice or something to give a little more of that fruit flavor.
I really cant wait to go back, super affordable lunch, adorable and friendly environment and staff and the food was excellent!I have an absolute favorite Thai restaurant in Philly which is sadly closed on Mondays. I ordered take out from Smile the other night and got the veggie dumplings, duck pad Thai, spicy noodles, and pad see ew. I think this place will become a close second, or at least a Monday night favorite. Delivery was super speedy too, and came in 25-30 mins instead of the projected 45!Amazing food, friendly service, and great value--what more can I say.  We don't live in the area anymore and haven't been here in a few years but I'm happy to say it hasn't changed from the special place I remember.  I got the Princess Dumplings and Spicy Duck and everyone else at the table said that's what they're getting next time!  So glad we made the trip back--well worth the drive downtown. We are definitely coming back here again soon. There is so much more on the menu I want to try!Perfect Thai. Perfect prices. BYOB. Credit cards accepted. Cute. Friendly hostess. Good vegetarian.Went here for the first time last week.  Our waiter was really nice, and the food was great.  I got the pad thai with tofu and vegetables and loved it, and my friend got the chicken with basil sauce which he really liked as well. We didn't BYO, but nice to have the option. Will def be going back.Great Thai food & I love the atmosphere! also.. BYO... *heart*Had a great dinner here, its a nice little place with great food. The green curry was very good coupled that with the "Wonderful Crispy" (an appetizer) along with friendly service made for a really nice experience.The four-star rating on here is a lie.  Don't eat here.  Just ordered some delivery lunch for myself and coworkers crunching on a big project (that I'm not currently working on because this review is my 5-minute sanity break).  Ordered through Allmenus and it took about an hour to arrive.
We all opted for the lunch combos which include choice of 2 sides.  We all went with the spring roll and dumplings for our sides- the spring roll was fine, the dumplings were awful.  There was corn in them (??? WTF.) and they arrived covered in the dipping sauce which was way too sweet and tasted like molasses.  Not yummy.
Shaleta and I got drunken noodles and Dawn got the build-you-own with shrimp and red curry.  Dawn loved her curry but the drunken noodles were unexciting.  The noodles were overcooked and gummy, not enough flavor or spice, with basically no veggies just some dry chicken.  I won't be ordering from here again.Let me start out with saying that I was drunker than drunk (thanks to the yelp elite event) when I met some friends at Smile. That being said the noodle dish I ordered (everything still a blur at this point but would love to remember what it was I ate) was incredibly tasty, filling, and did an excellent job of soaking up the alcohol and allowing me to sober up a bit. 
Sure its tiny, but the server was more than hospitable and accomodating to a bunch of drunk idiots (wait was that just me). Anyways I definitely plan to return, preferably sober....We started with the House Salad and loved the size (easily shared by 2 people as an appetizer), as well as the tasty peanut dressing.  I created a Beef Green Curry from the Build-Your-Own portion of the menu (don't get too excited...nothing too exotic on the list of choices) - I was happy with the amount of vegetables included in the curry.  One advantage of this place is that it's on the edge of town to the point where you can find street parking (with a little luck and some patience).I really don't understand how this place is "authentic." There was not a lick of Thai on the menu (which sometimes makes it harder for those of us who read Thai and expect the items to be named a certain way). I asked for my dish to be "very spicy" and it was so plain I asked for "fresh chilis" which I used all of. Small, cute, and charming for sure, but the taste was not to par.Thai iced tea was all ice.  Papaya salad was OK.  Fried tofu was good.  Fried chicken things were weak.I have now been here twice, and I'm a fan. Smile Cafe is an affordable, nice, delicious BYOB conveniently located within walking distance of a liquor store. 
I've been here both with a large group (20+ people) and a smaller five person dinner. They were able to accommodate the larger group by letting us book out the top floor. Otherwise, the restaurant is tiny, but I don't find that to be a huge problem. 
I got the Lovely duck, which I really enjoyed (I actually had it both times I've been here). I definitely recommend it because it's something you wouldn't usually get at your average Thai restaurant, as are most of the specials here. I also shared the Pineapple Tilappia with my friend, which was equally delicious as well as unique. Mmm. 
While I didn't get an appetizer or dessert, hopefully I will next time! Definitely recommend this place.