My partner and I split the vegetarian platter and left stuffed! Delicious food, very kind and attentive staff.  Will help you make decisions on ordering and certainly won't take advantage of you. Will definitely be back.Decent falafel wrap...but not exactly cheap. And the cave-like sitting area was cold and uninviting. There are better choices in Manayunk.Seriously one of the most pleasant dining experiences I have had in a while. Smiley himself is a true gem and the food was DELICIOUS. Had so much that I am eating it for lunch again today - and I can't wait! Please recommend to everyone you know in Manayunk, don't want to lose this place!Couldn't say it better than the below poster. Excellent food, service and prices.
Located where Mugshots used to be (RIP), one of my coworkers had been raving about this place, in particular the falafel and of course the very kind owner.
Went with my pre-wife and we shared beef gyro (carved) pita, falafel pita and hummus plate. Everything was extremely fresh (I concur on the crisp lettuce) well seasoned and just plain delicious.  A lot of food as well and complimentary baklava. We took our leftovers home (I wrapped the two remaining bites of my gyro - it's that good)
I highly recommend this place and you'll definitely walk out with a smile. I think this spot is still relatively unknown and I very rarely post reviews. This is a unique spot to Manayunk and I will be referring all of my friends as I really want the restaurant to succeed - because the owner deserves it and of course for my selfish appetite!Came to Smiley's after reading other Yelp reviews, and I was not disappointed! I ordered the beef gyro platter to go, and the portion was well worth the money. Myself and another person split the meal, and there was still some left over. The gyro meat is cut off of a huge slab right in front of you. Don't let its appearance put you off: it's delicious. The rice is delicious and doesn't feel heavy or greasy like some that I've had from other establishments in the past. With the platter you also get a huge helping of hummus and a bag full of delicious pita, and a little salad on the side. I'll definitely be back here to try some of the other menu items. I definitely need to try the baklava.This place really isn't that good. The atmosphere is sweet, but the food is mediocre at best. I'm always disappointed when I type in middle eastern and this pops up as the best available, it's definitely not.Do yourself a favor and order up a beef gyro platter. It comes with so much food you could probably feed two, but you're going to want to hoard it all for yourself. Plus you get enough hummus and pita to bath in -- win win.A hidden Jem right off Main Street!  It's a no frills place but the food is fresh, healthy and reasonably priced. The smoothie my boyfriend got was so good he took another one for the road. I had the falafel platter and  it was awesome. I will definitely be coming back!I would start listing my favorite things about Smiley's, but the list would be impossibly long. New York has incredible middle eastern food, but this is, bar none, the best I've ever had in my life. Best chicken schwarma, best seasoned falafel, best (and most massive) vegetarian platters. The portions are huge, and did I mention delicious? Two very hungry people could make a great meal out of one serving.
I've had the garlic chicken- shredded white meat with many optional sauces, making each bite a different taste experience, as well as the vegetarian platter, which was so gigantic that my very hungry friend and I still had two containers to take home. Everything tasted fresh and delicious.
The service is also five stars. Smiley and Mrs. Smiley go out of their way to make sure you are charmed and satisfied, whether that's sending over free baklava or extra smoothies so that everyone can have a try. 
I'm happy to say I'm a Smiley's regular, and will sing their praises to whoever will listen.Affordable, amazing service, and a great location. I loved grabbing dinner here with my husband for a quick date out. I would have tried everything on the menu if I could have, but make sure you at least try the baklava. :) will definitely be coming back.At the midpoint of a bike ride, we had the chicken gyros and falafel sandwich for lunch, and they were wonderful. Ingredients are fresh and flavorful, and the staff, overseen by the effusive Smiley, were consistently friendly and helpful.Yum.
I love to swing by Smiley's on my way home from work and pick up a vegetarian falafel platter. Their falafel is perfection! Far, far better than Couch Tomato (no surprise there since this is a Mediterranean joint). Prices are fair, food is super fresh. Their hummus is silky with just a hint of lemon. Yes, carryout can take a little while but everything is made to order so I'm happy to wait or just call ahead. Do not miss this great little place!!OK, I'm going to be Debbie Downer.
Awful coffee. Just awful.
Maybe that's not fair. I have yet to sample all of their fare, and perhaps it's a bad idea to fit them into the mold that Mugshots (which was gone before I arrived in Manayunk) occupied. But in the end, they call themselves a cafe, which translates into a coffee shop, moved into the location of a former coffee shop and they include baked goods and coffee on the menu, so I feel comfortable in holding them to some standard.
They were out of their banana bread. All of it. For all the flavors they described, they didn't have a single one left when I arrived. This is a significant portion of their menu, and they were out of all of it, which tells me that they have problems with keeping things in stock They had plenty of Baklava, but I'm allergic to two of the nuts they use in them, so even experimenting is a horrible idea.
There was a small child running around screaming, and I could hear arguing breaking out as I stepped through the door with my coffee. I'm not saying that without empathy, but that is never something you want your customers getting to be a part of. Even if the food had been perfect, it would have detracted from the experience
And...the coffee...I have to  go back to that. I really do. If I has handed a mug of Starbucks and was told that someone had urinated in it, and my only other option was what I had here...I would seriously have to debate that decision. This is a horrible thing to say. It's cruel, and cruel honestly isn't that much more helpful than well meaning lies. It's even more horrible to look at in the cold light of day, and determine that it's still a correct assessment. But this is someone who, during his broke college days, would drink coffee through day old grounds. Someone who used an abandoned French press that was held together with duct tape, and I couldn't finish it. Seriously, it was that bad. I don't know how they did it, and that cup was an accomplishment in of itself.
Maybe the owners are nice folk. Maybe, their Mediterranean food is really good, as other reviews seem to indicate. But they sure as shit ain't a cafe. If they want to be cheery, and have great falafel, they should do that. But dear God in heaven, who I have forsaken in so many ways, they put something on the menu so bad I am still  shocked. Combined with a lack of stock and that atmosphere, I can't possibly give this place a good rating.The customer service was great. Only rating this place 4/5 stars because the pita was a bit hard, which made it difficult to chew, and the setting was a bit crowded (which they obviously can't help)! But a nice thing is they deliver or you can get pick up. The smoothie was SOO good. Also, you can tell falafel sandwich had fresh ingredients! And the portion definitely met the cost. I would order from here again!After all the great reviews I looked forward to trying Smiley's. The staff was friendly and polite. I had the falafel pita. The sandwich was hot but the seasoning was not as good as many others I have had in the Philadelphia area. I was dissapointedHad the chicken shawarma and it was fantastic! All the ingredients were nice and fresh and the food was so cheap! Great place to grab takeout on a week night.My husband and I swung by this little cafe and was greeted by the sweetest man ever! The cafe is very tiny, but super cozy and lovely :) We ordered a baklava to share and it was delicious. Planning to come back next time for lunch!I'd say Smiley's in the best place in the 'Yunk. Sure, if you want to sit for a while and drink a bottle of wine somewhere, you'll have better options. If you want to swing by somewhere and grab some pick-up, this is a sure thing. 
Smiley is a great guy, the falafel is awesome. Go get it.I'm leaving a review because the Delbert service at this place was terrible. I ordered some delivery with my roommate on a Sunday night from this place. After over an hour went by, we still hadn't gotten our food. When I called back, the guy on the phone said the driver delivered our food to the wrong house but was on the way. When he got there about ten minutes later, the food obviously wasn't very warm. I will admit, my falafel wrap and salad were fresh and pretty good, but I obviously would have preferred it warmer. When the driver dropped the food off, I mentioned that I ordered a smoothie that wasn't with my order. He said he would go back and get it then come back. After 20 mins, I had a feeling he wouldn't be coming back. I called back the store, but they must have been closed. Lou, the man on the phone, actually called me back and told me the driver went to his other job. He was courteous enough to provide me with two free smoothies the next day, so I appreciated that. But I wasn't happy the driver decided to just go to his other job. Overall, the food was good, and Lou was very nice on the phone and professional. But I suggest he find another driver so he doesn't alienate other customers who may order delivery in the future.I would love to give 5 stars but its hard because I have never had this type of food before. Its hard for me to compare but what I can say is this place is amazing. Its an excellent place to stop for lunch when walking in Manayunk. The customer service is definitely a 5! While I was waiting on my food and smoothie, I was offered samples of other smoothies! The falafel is amazing as well as all the chicken pitas. Just started going here about a month ago and I've been there 3 times already. Must try for foodies.Very pleasant atmosphere, and great menu for the perfect price. I ordered a chicken gyro sandwich with everything on it with my friends and received a free smoothie extra because my friend ordered a large that had excess leftover, so that was awesome. 
The food arrived in almost no time! The portion size was also very filling.
The flavors are very reminiscent of what i love about mediterranean food! Overall the owners are kind and have a great personality serving tasty food. I would highly recommend this cafe to anyone who wants to stop by for a quick, delicious meal or enjoy their time with a nice ethic dish. It's even better that they deliver on GrubHub so this will definitely be one of my favorite place to order from.You moved! You changed! Why??? This place used to be a secret gym and now with this recent changes lowered its status. The service is not with a smile and food is just OK. I just don't get it. You moved, no there's no seats, And you're selling tampons and toilet paper and dog food?! Who made these decisions?!Delicious, genuine Mediterranean food with a genuine sweetheart of an owner! i stopped in for lunch with my 18mo old daughter and Smiley was SO nice the second we walked in the door. He introduced himself and answered any and all questions I had about his menu. He even offered a sample of his tzatziki sauce. It was heavenly. I ordered a chicken gyro and a side salad. Both had amazing flavor... The chicken was seasoned perfectly. My daughter ended up eating more of the food than I thought she would. Who knew she loved Greek food so much? Smiley continually checked on us as we ate outside and was super friendly. He mentioned that he was a singer, i thought maybe we'd be treated to a serenade. Maybe next time! :) I have since heard that his hummus is to die for. Can't wait to try it!  We will certainly be back!Smiley is all energy and happiness all the time! He's sure to brighten even your worst day. Plus the food is AMAZING! I've had falafel in several different cities and his is the BEST! The hummus and baba is also so delicious. Be sure to wash it all down with a refreshing raspberry lemonadeI'm by no means a self proclaimed gyro expert, but this absolutely blew me away.  I had the Chicken Kabob Gyro Pita and wow, it was amazing.
Admittedly I would have written a pretty good review either way because, like just about every other review on here, the experience of being inside the shop was an enjoyment in and of itself.  I had read the reviews and had expected great, friendly customer service but I definitely wasn't prepared for just how nice and friendly.  And not in one of those fake- let me ask you a million times if you need anything- kind of ways.  Just genuinely happy and kind.  Even gave me a free sample of a smoothie! 
But the gyro itself is what made me write a great review and not just "pretty good". The chicken was so tender and flavorful and all the toppings joined together in the perfect compliment to the meat.  I am a huge believer of ordering something "the way it was intended" at least the first time I get something.  This came with tzatziki sauce, hummus, red onion, pickle, tomato and romaine.  Typically I may balk a little at the red onion but it had none of the bitter bite I usually find.  The romaine was unbelievably green, crisp and fresh.  The pickle was the perfect companion to the hummus and tzatziki, just the right amount of tang. 
As a warning, they haven't gotten in their credit card machine yet (but they say it should be in any day)... I of course had no cash but they were extremely accommodating with that as well.   I rarely give 5 stars, but Smiley's definitely earned it! Will be going back a lot, so glad I live in the neighborhood!Excellent food, service and prices! (Like everyone else has accurately stated.)
My fiance and I are always looking for new, unique places to dine in Manayunk and stumbled upon Smileys here on Yelp. We decided to give it a try and I'm SO glad that we did!
The owner immediately greeted us with a smile upon walking in. He was so nice and very informative. I ordered the falafel pita and my fiance ordered the gyro and we split a side of the hummus. We sat down and a few minutes later, we were served our side of hummus. It was so good and fresh! Shortly after, our sandwiches came out. They were outstanding! All of the ingredients were super fresh and seasoned to perfection. We also got to try a piece of the baklava which was also delicious.
I would HIGHLY recommend Smiley's to anyone who likes food. Needless to say, this is our new favorite place to eat in Manayunk!I didn't manage to get a picture because we inhaled our pittas too quickly. I just returned from Israel and was craving some shawarma but didn't want to leave the couch. I found smileys on Yelp and then on grubhub for delivery. 
The BF and I ordered the chicken and beef shawarma at 6:30. By 6:45 the food was already here. 
I'm not proud of how quickly I ate it lol but it was delicious. The shawarma was great (not Israeli quality) but we'll spiced (not too spicy) and the tahini was very good. 
Bellies are full and we are very pleased to have found our go-to Mediterranean food.Smiley's is a hidden jewel in manayunk. The restaurant is a cute cafe with a very nice owner who cooks everything himself and makes the sauces fresh. He is super nice and the food is good and affordable. I like the beef or chicken platter. Smoothies are also very yummy!I wish I loved this place as much as everyone else seems to.  Very average falafel, served slowly, and slightly overpriced.  Banana bread was dry and overall not good.  OK in a pinch but not anything to write home about.Ordered a chicken gyro, a beef gyro, and grape leaves.
It took an hour and a half to arrive.  I live 0.9 miles away from Smiley's Cafe.  
My boyfriend was handed a sopping wet brown bag of what was assumed to contain a charming dinner for 2 straight from the Balkan tip, but could have been mistaken for a bum's malt liquor koozie.
This meal forced me to review the definition of 'gyro'  (i.e. A gyro [iro] or gyros [iros][note 1] (Greek: , gyros, literally 'turn') is a Greek dish made of meat cooked on a vertical rotisserie).  The meat in the gyros was bland, dry, cold, and quite obviously not cooked on a spit.  The chicken tasted and looked like it was boiled in water.  The beef had noticeable bits of synthesized Mediterranean flavor, but ultimately dry, downcast, overworked and underpaid.  Sloppily assembled.  I drenched sriracha and mayo on everything to find my stomach's way to salvation.
Grape leaves were fine, though I was resentful of them due to their little olive oil orgy they decided to have all over everything.
Shit happens, I get it.  I guess I just want the restaurant/delivery driver to at least feign recognition by saying, "yo, that took a long time!  sorry, my man!" or "ay, got a nondescript liquid peeking out your bag.  my b."  Complete lack of acknowledgement or a whisper of an apology just kills me.I got the falafel pita and it was absolutely delicious! The pita it came in was fantastic and there was just enough substance to the pita-sandwich to get everything in one bite which I thoroughly enjoyed. I also got the grape leaves to split with a friend and in my opinion I would say those were just okay. I only had grape leaves for the first time about a week ago at a different restaurant and I thought they were amazing... however after getting them here I don't feel the same. Maybe I just don't know what flavors to expect in a traditional grape leaf- I can only say I enjoyed them a lot more at a different location.
Either way- I will absolutely be back. Honestly great, wholesome food for a really competitive price. Thanks SmileyLong overdue review - we LOVE Smiley's Cafe. Easily the best food in Manayunk. I have a hard time parting with my 'go to' platter - chicken shawarma and an extra side of their hummus with warm pita, but it all is amazing! Not to mention - the friendliest of people to deal with which seems to get lost in today's world at times. I'll be coming back time and time again. Thank you.This place is just great. I have yet to order something I wasn't thrilled with. 
I regularly order a gyro and a smoothie from here through online ordering, the delivery is usually quite fast and accurate. My wife is fond of the shwarma platter and fan of their hummus. 
We only had one incident recently where the food was an issue. We ordered gyros and the meat was overly spicy. My wife loves spicy food and she couldn't even finish it. It seems like someone dumped a bottle of pepper into the meat when it was cooking, For this reason we dropped a star, but we are hoping this was a isolated incidentGreat gyros, family run, friendly staff, the owner is super personable and you can pick up a great lunch for under 10$ in just a few minutes. Highly recommendSmiley's Cafe deserves it's five star rating. The owner Smiley has to be one of the most grateful and therefore happy people I've met in Philadelphia. 
I am a long-time regular at the South Street Souvlaki but after one time my boyfriend was literally chocking on a piece of splintered wood in his souvlaki, have tried to go less and less. I love greek food that is easy, delicious, and inexpensive and never thought I'd find somewhere else in the city.
I am sooooo glad I did. I love to support a business with a nice owner. The smoothies were delicious. I love that he offers them. I love the outside seating. I love the taste of the food. 
I had the garlic chicken pita with hummus and salad. The chicken breast was soooo lean and yet soooo moist. How does he do it?  I'm in garlic heaven.I was excited to try but was very disappointed. Beef schwarma was very dry and so old to the point it was curling up from being so dried out. Chicken schwarma was just shredded boiled chicken breast which was also dry. Falafel was also dry and dense and not fried fresh.  Hummus may be  house made but too acidic and not smooth. Everything was coated with tahini in an attempt to cure the dryness but it didn't help.  I also ordered a side of baba ganousch which was meh with too much acid and no smokey flavor and you get a tiny container for 5 bucks. Really the Only edible thing in the platter was the salad. 
I am usually not picky and will generally eat and like anything. But I could barely eat the food I ordered. I would say that the generic schwarma carts all around the city are better and they are by no means good. Maybe they were having an off day because I can't believe that everyone who gave this place great reviews ate the same food I ate today. The staff did seem a bit confused back there. Did something recently change?  For now I would say save your money and eat pretty much anywhere else.I have to admit I'm surprised by my experience. When I saw this place had over 200 ratings and a 4.5 average I expected something more than what I got.  I ordered the falafel platter which came with Tabouleh salad, hummus, mixed vegetables & a side of pita.
As a whole, everything seemed to be at least a day old. Everything was very stale and just did not feel right as you attempted to chew it.  If I ever storm a castle and have archers firing at me from atop a tower, I would like to be wearing armor made from the falafel because I would be unstoppable.  The pita, I would not serve to small children nor the elderly because it's a choking hazard. It had the consistency of that fruit leather you used to get from the cafeteria in elementary school. 
You know how if you put a lot of sugar in your coffee people make that joke "You want some coffee with your sugar?" Well that's what they would say about the amount of parsley in the Tabbouleh.  I understand Tabbouleh is supposed to have a lot of parsley, but this was to the point where I couldn't call it Tabbouleh.  They just gave me straight up minced parsley with a countable amount bulgur grains that seem to have accidentally fallen in.
The hummus was not that bad. It tasted like it had a bit too much lemon juice going on and maybe could have used a bit more tahini, but overall it was just ok.
The overall taste of everything was not bad, but it did not resemble anything that I would call close to good. Think of a delicious cheesesteak from Pat's or Gino's or Dalessandro's that's a day or two old.  It would taste like it's a day or two old, but you could still tell that it would have been delicious had it been fresh. I can't say that with the meal I just had from Smiley's.  It didn't taste bad like I could not stand putting it into my mouth, but I can't say I found it even pleasant. I'd get as excited for it as I would for a plain bowl of oatmeal made with water.
I think I rate very fairly and it hurts me that I have to give this establishment such a low rating. I will admit that there is a possibility that, given the other stellar reviews, I may have just had a rare bad experience. Unfortunately, that is all I have to go off of. I may try it again some day if I'm with somebody who really wants to go there.  Until then, no thanks.LOVE LOVE LOVE Smileys! Came here instead of waiting in the long lines at the food trucks during the Manayunk strEAT food festival. Got the beef platter and it comes with so much food for the price! It came with beef, rice, Greek salad, hummus and pita! I shared with my BF and it filled us up. I wanted to try their smoothies but didn't want to wait in line again. They have seating in the back which is comfy. Delicious and fresh! Will have to come back again when I'm in the area!Nice people. Very affordable. Large portions that I can eat for two meals. Probably the cheapest smoothies in downtown Manayunk. 5 out of 5 for adorableness.I've downloaded yelp just to tell people about this place. Smiley's is the best falafel I've had. He's great to come chat with and he's never made me anything less than delicious. He is committed to making you happy and takes the time to create amazing flavors in his food. Go. Eat and be happy.I love this place but it is definitely not cheap. I have to say though, you definitely get a decent amount for your money. We got a hummus platter that lasted us 3 days and two greek salads which were great. I think the smoothies are great I just wish they had more of a selection! Thanks Smileys we will definitely be returning.Food: Get the gyro platters! So much food (meat/salad/rice/pita) for the value. The pita bread was hot and the strawberry lemonade smoothies have real fruit pieces in them, too.
Service: Amazing. The owner, Smiley, was super friendly and warm-this might be best hospitality I've ever received in a restaurant. He took the time to talk with my family and even sang happy birthday to my brother in multiple languages.
Ambience: Seating area downstairs is casual and looks a little like a coffee shop with some tables and a few couches.Chicken kabob pita with a side rice hit the spot. They're always timely with having orders ready. Oh, and the hummus is really great. I'd also recommend picking up a smoothie.Delivery tonight and was blown away- great salad, awesome hummus, pitas were warm and the garlic chicken was very flavorful.  They forgot my drink but returned without a phone call and delivered it about 5 minutes later. So far best delivery in manayunk areaThis place is truly as good as it gets.  
Friendliest service around and some of the best Mediterranean food I have ever tasted.  As soon as you finish your meal you will be planning your next visit to this wonderful place.
I recommend the platters.  Fresh, filling food with some fresh veggies, pitas, and a pickled pepper or two.
Curl up on one of the plush couches with a book and you might even be there long enough to eat again.Food was amazing! Fresh and huge in size! We ordered a salad (added chicken) and a chicken gyro sandwich. Thumbs up for both. Definitely my go to spot from now. Good job Smiley's :)Stopped at this restaurant after a bike ride from South Philly to Manayunk for lunch. Definitely made a perfect day even better. The service was excellent, very friendly and fast. Was greeted right away and was served with a smile. We sat outside (which had an umbrella which was great for shade) and the owner brought out our food within just a few minutes. He checked back on us as well to make sure everything was ok. We got the beef kebab platter, which was delicious. My bf and I ate every last bite. The price was reasonable, and probably a steal if you take into account the excellent service. I would highly recommend stopping in at this place when in Manayunk.A good spot to grab a quick Greek meal in Manayunk. 
I came here this past Tuesday with my boyfriend and we ordered grape leaves, the beef shawarma platter (subbing baba ganouj for hummus), the falafel sandwich, and a tropical smoothie. 
What's good:
-The grape leaves! I'm normally not into grape leaves at all, but ordered them because my SO wanted them. I'm not even sure what exactly was in them (other than rice), but they were amazing. They had a really complex mix of flavor: a bit sour, a bit umami, a bit sweet, which made them really interesting. They also came on a bed of salad, so the entire side was really refreshing.
-The beef shawarma platter: tender, flavorful slices of beef with tzatziki sauce, fluffy and fragrant jasmine rice, creamy baba ghanoj, and a really fresh mix of veggies and feta for the salad. 
-The tropical smoothie: coconut, pineapple, banana, and honey. I find smoothies a bit too sweet generally, but this was perfect. *Even better because you get bits of coconut pieces as you sip! 
What's less good:
-The falafel sandwich: The falafel was crispy and I believe homemade, but bland. I wish it had a bit more flavor, and also that there was more hummus in the sandwich.
-The pita: not bad, just not great (thin, kind of tough). I don't think their pita is homemade, so that's probably why.
-even if you eat in they give you Styrofoam/plastic take out containers. It would be nice if they gave real plates/cutlery to people who eat in their dining area!Best. Service. Ever. The five stars could be given to this place based on service alone, but the food speaks for itself. Try anything: sandwiches, platters, and even the smoothies, and you won't be disappointed. What a fantastic place tucked away in manayunk.Let me just start off by saying: THEY'RE BACK!!!! Smiley's is open and back to business as usual!
EDIT: the owner (Smiley!) had emergency open-heart surgery, hence the temporary closing. Those of you who are griping about the closure, have a heart (hehe)!
And THANK GOODNESS because this place is - no exaggeration - my #1 spot for lunch and/or dinner. I absolutely LOVE Smiley's. I have lived (and eaten) all over the world, from Amsterdam to Colorado, from Nicaragua to Italy, from Hawaii to London and everywhere in between, and this place is hands down the best Mediterranean/Middle Eastern food I have ever had. The ingredients are always fresh (Beautiful tomatoes! Crispy greens! Exquisite hummus!) and extremely flavorful. The owners are the friendliest people and they recognize their regulars (like me, lol). I don't think I'm the most memorable person but, even if I haven't visited in a while (which is very rare, because I'm addicted to the beef shawarma and struggle to not grab a meal here every single day), they know who I am. They really know how to make a girl feel special! :-)
Everything is homemade with love that you can taste. The falafel is rich and exploding with flavor, the hummus is even better than my mom's (sorry Mom, love you!), and don't even get me started on the beef! Perfectly spiced and cooked on a rotating spit... my mouth is watering just thinking about it. The prices are unbelievably reasonable and the portions are very generous. Don't think, just go: order the beef shawarma platter (or sandwich) and experience taste bud bliss!From the moment you walk in the door, you just have a "smile" on your face.  You are greeted with a very warm welcome and confirmation that you will love the carefully handmade food.  I eat a lot of hummus and baba ghanoush and this may be the best I've had!!  Yesterday I had the garlic chicken pita and it has much attention to detail as it gets.  The pita is warm and perfectly toasted, the chicken tender and juicy, the hummus cool  and zingy and the lettuce and onion was crispy and cold.  Give it a try!!Found on a whim. The food was delicious and is in a good location just off of main st. I will definitely go back and recommend. The Gyros are amazing..This place is awesome! I finally found a place where I can get a gyro that's actually good! Fresh meat, great pita. I wish I could put French fries in that ish like I did when I was in Greece. (2 times). Staff was very polite. Oh and the Greek salad is not the traditional Greek because the put lettuce which is fine but I wish they didn't. I will be back 100% though as this place is greatCame to the Yunk to look for a place to eat, came across this place and boom! Now addicted!Smiley's is delicious! I've eaten here several times and have brought friends and family members who all agree how good it is. If you're on Main Street in Manayunk, make a left when you get to Whirled Peace (also great) and make your way down to Smileys. 
I recommend the fresh falafel pita with a side order or grape leaves and a smoothie to wash it all down...tropical breeze is my favorite. The gyros are also delicious and very generous on portions. 
The atmosphere is very relaxed and accommodating. They have seating outside for a nice day or a downstairs room with couches, tables, chairs and a flat screen tv. It reminds me of a relaxing coffee house I use to go to.
All the staff are incredibly friendly and Smiley himself is an awesome guy, very funny! This area is lucky to have such a good spot and could certainly use more like it.This place is a great little find in Manayunk. The owner (when he is there) is super friendly and always smiling :) Most food items on the menu are delicious - I've had platters as well as picked up a few items a la carte. Smoothies are good too, but not fresh fruit.Ahhhh I love smileys: amazing Mediterranean sandwiches! Good smoothies. Great desserts. Staff is always so friendly and helpful. Hummus is so good as well. I love everything I have tried. Truly authentic food and def made with love!I ended up at Smiley's on a whim, and what a wonderful surprise. The place is on a strip of restaurants and is rather nondescript, but when one enters, one feels at home.
   One begins by ordering at the counter, and then the food is prepared while one waits. I ordered the falafel platter, which came with falafel, hummus, tabouli, and pitas. The man who took my order told me it would be enough food, and it was. All of the various foods tasted wonderful, and I even refrained from salting my food. 
   The greater testament, however, was that all members of my party were satisfied. We are all from different place with different pallets, but we all walked away content.
   For those with families, this establishment is extremely family friendly, so if you want an informal place with good food where you can take your kids, this is a great option. Likewise, if you want to avoided this type of atmosphere, you might want to think twice.Argh.  I want so much to like the food in this cool little place, but it just ain't working for me.  The fruit smoothies are not to thick and taste like fresh fruity goodness.  The price is right too.  The people who work there that I've encountered have been super-duper nice.  Like really nice, not just smile for the camera nice.
I somehow ended up ordering a super-size mix-it-all-up platter.   It came with lots of food, and even subbed in something for something else.  My problem was that the pita bread was so tough, it was almost inedible.  It made it hard to scoop the other components.  Left in the warmer to long.  Although there was a lot of food, a large part of it was greek salad.  I would have liked more hummus and tabbouleh, which were good.  At $18.99, less salad and more substance.  I am sure that they would be accommodating if asked.Great sandwiches for cheaper than average prices in Manayunk!The food is great and the service is awesome.  I went here on the recommendation of my roommate and I plan on going back frequently.  I got the falafel and a strawberry lemonade.  The falafel was extremely filling and the the drink was very refreshing.  I would recommend this place to anyone that is looking for a good meal at a great price.We ordered from Smiley's very often through GrubHub. Their food is fantastic and the service has been great....until tonight. We placed a fairly large order, almost $60 worth of food. Delivery was fast but when we opened the bag, it only contained half the food ordered. We called Smiley's and was told we'd receive the rest. We then got a call from the driver who seemed confused and said he handed us two bags when he only handed us one. Now here is where the really tough part comes....we were waiting for a call and didn't hear back, now two hours after the original order was placed. We called back the restaurant a really rude female answered, said the owner refuses to give us the rest of the food, that he packs it himself and that they would send out one item from all of the missing items as a courtesy. This is absolutely horrible customer service and I'm not only never ordering again but we will now dispute this order with our credit card company. 
Very upset.Great food, nice atmosphere, and the owner is a pleasure to deal with.
I had the beef shawarma gyro and it was absolutely delicious. The meat was spiced nicely, and the sandwich had a good amount of condiments (hummus, tahini, lettuce and tomato). Also, the pita was grilled which I thought was a nice touch. It was a very well-balanced delicious sandwich that is reasonably priced.
The seating area is cozy with couches and space heaters (perfect for coming in from the cold weather). It's a little small, but seems appropriate for a restaurant of this size.
Smiley, the owner, was very pleasant and friendly. We had a short chat about the restaurant and the new year, and he seems like a genuinely nice person who really cares for his customers.
Overall, eating at Smiley's was a great experience and I will certainly be back.Smiley's Cafe will leave you with a smiley face. 
 As I walked into Smiley's Cafe, I was greeted by a gentleman named Smiley. Smiley speaks in third person. He says things like "Don't worry, Smiley will take care of you." He noticed I was a newbie to his cafe and recommended his popular selling items. He also let me tried the Taziki sauce that he made himself. It was tangy and had a zing to its flavor. So, I ordered the Chicken Gyro with Taziki sauce and I was very satisfied. 
  As I bit into the gyro for the first time, I could taste the chicken, Taziki sauce, lettuce, onions, and tomatoes all in one bite. The vegetables were very fresh and the tomatoes were cut the right size since I am note a fan of thick slices of tomatoes. So, if you love salad, you should definitely try out the gyro. 
 Pro tip: If you feel that the Taziki sauce is too overpowering, you can ask Smiley to put it on the side. "Smiley will take care of you."
 Finally, as a treat I had the strawberry banana smoothie. Real fruits, no powdery stuff here. Great smoothie. 
 Overall, great customer service, friendly staff, and great food makes Smiley's Cafe one of the best places in Philly to get a gyro. Highly recommended, and will be going back for more.The only reason I didn't give 5 stars here is because the hummus lacked flavor & was bland. Everything else was delicious, had the beef gyro platter & chicken schwarama very good.This place is so cute and delicious! Tried it for the first time and the staff was wonderful. When my food took a little long they gave me a free smoothie and were very attentive to making sure everything was good. Definitely recommend on a sunny day so you can eat outside on a nice quiet side street!Best gyro I've ever had, every bite was banging.  The people who own it are awesome they gave me and my friend a free smoothie because it was our first time there, smoothie was great too.  All the food looks like it is made and prepared the original way and you can tell when you enjoying your meal.Honestly, I was expecting better. 
I just moved to Manayunk a month ago, and wanted something delivered for the first time here. After reading all the reviews about how great it was, I decided to go with the Falafel platter with a lemonade. It was a bit pricey at 19 and change (not including tip), but I didn't mind the price too much because the rave reviews were in the back of my mind. 
The food took an hour and fifteen minutes to get to my house. I'm willing to give them a pass on that, because 1) they told me it could take up to an hour, and 2) I ordered at 6:30 on a Saturday night. 
The food itself: The hummus was your average hummus, pretty good. The sides of tabouleh and lettuce/onion/tomato were good. The falafel was decent, but a bit too hard for my liking. The pita is where it all went wrong. The pita was not at all fluffy or soft. It was too thin, and almost too tough to bite through. A real disappointment cause they gave me a lot of it. Maybe I'll make some pita chips out of them though... So there was really no point in wrapping the falafel and fix-ins inside the pita because it was too hard to bite into. 
I was soo hungry and it was too expensive to not eat, yet I didn't finish all of it. I'm hoping it'll make for some above-average eats when I come home later tonight after a night at the bars. 
I woulda given it 2, but I ended up giving it 3 stars because 1) maybe I just got one of the rare bad meals, 2) I didn't wanna bring the ratings down too much because people really seem to love this place, 3) they were very nice on the phone, and 4) maybe it's a lot better when you eat there. The pita was so disappointing though... gonna make it hard for me to order from here again. 23 dollars coulda gotten me a full meal somewhere else.I can't even lie when I say this place left me with the biggest smile ever! Between the incredible employees and manager (Smiley) and how outrageously flavorful and generously portioned the food was for the price, I definitely plan on going back. To those who love Greek food, this will set a new and delicious standard for you.This place is fantastic.  The staff is always friendly and helpful and the food is amazing!  I have yet to have something that was "ok" from here, highly recommend.My son absolutely had to take me to this adorable little restaurant in Manayunk. It is GREAT. There's an incredibly comfortable dining area with couches and tables. Kind of how I would imagine the perfect casual restaurant. Plus tables out front. But more than the atmosphere is the incredibly good tasting food and truly wonderful people who run the spot. 
Delicious, inexpensive, huge portions, all the things we tried were great. We ordered a bit too much and had to take some home. The owner added more pita and stuff to the take out bag just because he's a nice guy.I don't understand how this place has so many stars. I just had the most disgusting meal of my entire life. I ordered the beef gyro platter & a strawberry banana smoothie for delivery.  The platter had hummus & a Greek salad with it.  The gyro wasn't even on the pita, the pita came on the side.  I could barely chew the pita and it was as tough as cardboard if not tougher.  The hummus was half water and the salad was horrendous.  The dressing had my eyes squinting and the lettuce tasted VERY old.  The rice was good but that's about it.I absolutely love this neighborhood gem. The reason I took two stars away was because I was recently here and the lady working there totally messed up everything. I placed a take out order which I was told would take 10 minutes. I arrived 15  mins to give them some extra time. The woman charged me wrong and over charged me on my order. She didn't even had a clue on how much a side of hummus cost. I kept repeating what should have been charged rather than what was charged. She credited my receipt but not for the right amount. She then had to give me the remaining amount on cash. 
After this I was told it was still being made. It turns out I waited another 25 minutes for the order to get made. This is normally not like them. I come to find out that the woman preparing the food had my order and was all ready when I came in but the Cashier overlooked the order and had her make a new one. There was no communication for the woman working on the register. She needs to be trained better. Overall it made me mad because I was late returning to work for this entire mix up.Smiley's is my ideal local restaurant.  It has excellent customer service, delicious food, and good character.
Smiley himself is very personable and likes to engage in conversation with all of the customers who walk through the door.  The young dark-haired girl who often works the register is also super sweet.
The food has always been fresh and delicious, whether I have eaten in or taken it to go.  The chicken shawarma sandwich, hummus side with pita, and tangy raspberry smoothie are some of my favorites to get here.
There is a seating area with a TV and bathroom on the lower level in case you want to sit down and eat.  For me it's the perfect place to grab lunch to go or bring friends for a casual dinner.  They are also pretty quick.  The one time I had to wait (not even that long), Smiley apologized for the delay and stuck an extra pita in my bag.  Unexpected and not needed, but very nice!
Overall, I really like Smiley's Cafe and will continue to eat here.Smiley's Cafe is AMAAAZZZIIINNNGGGG ! If you're looking for a place with great food and great service this is the place to go! Guarantee that you will leave this place with a smile! I'm addicted to the Sweet Blackberry Smoothie & the Baklava & his chili !  I can just keep going & going! 
OH & the prices are great (:
- Sincerely the girls at Greene Street! 
Love you SmileyI looked inside the restaurant because it had just opened up and I was curious about what it was like. We were warmly greeted and we looked at the menu. I ordered a beef gyro and a smoothie. They told me that the juice for the smoothie I wanted was not available so I ordered another smoothie and the juices were not available for that smoothie. Instead, as an apology, I was given a free large pineapple lemonade in order to make up for the fact that they did not have juices. The gyro was good, but I feel like the price was too high, which is my only complaint. I would go here again because I felt very welcome here.This place is awesome. "Thank you for smiling at Smileys. I love your smile." That made my day. I ordered the beef gyro platter. It was delicious! This place is definitely a must try in a manayunk.  Great food and service.Stumbled upon this place after being lost in Manayunk! Delicious fresh food reasonably priced. Pumpkin smoothie and beef gyro sandwich!  With amazing customer service. Smiley is genuinely friendly and has a beautiful spirit. Highly recommended.This is the perfect name for this place...every time I walk in I'm greeted with tons of smiles :). Seriously love love love Smiley's! The food is super fresh and delicious and most importantly it's consistent. The Greek salad is really big and really yummy. Top it off with some chicken and your belly will thank you for it. The hummus, baba ghanouj, grape leaves, and warm pita are all on point! Recently I read a tip about the beef gyro platter and I'm so happy I did. It's definitely going to be a new go to...you get a little of everything which is perfect! Get your smile on and stop on by :)Yikes.. Almost a 2 hour wait for delivery... "He is on the way," I was told three times, and the fourth time I asked  them to tell the delivery driver to not come. The manager wished to not speak to me when I asked for him/her.. I just wanted to validate my refund. Very unprofessional. Sadly, this would have been my first time trying their food. Never again.Ordered pickup for our office.  It was prepared quickly and right when they said it would be.  The food was delicious and all of m coworkers asked where I got lunch from.  Great food. Great price. Right on time.That was the most delicious greek food I have ever had.  I ordered the beef gyro platter and it was a great price, tons of food AND the worker and owner there are the nicest people.  Such a welcoming atmosphere and a DELICIOUS meal to follow.  Wish I could live here.  Still have baklava to eat, and I cannot wait until I have room in my stomach to eat it.I loved the food here!!! Smiley is an awesome guy who knows how to take care of his customers. I had the chicken schwarma platter with a small Greek salad and it was excellent. I'll definitely be back.We love Smiley's! Fantastic middle eastern food and the best service you could ask for. Love that you can sit outside. The owner is so friendly. I had the Shwarma pita and it was made quick and delicious. The hummus gives it a great flavor. The lemonade was the best lemonade I ever had (when I was a kid my parents used to take us for Rita's water ice before they franchised when Rita herself used to make it by hand. We always got the lemonade flavor. It had bits of lemon rind in it and was slightly sweet with a delightfully subtle bite. Smiley's lemonade tasted just like that.  This was our second or third time at Smiley's and we will be back again for sure.Awesome Grape Leaves and Falafel. About time something successful takes over this spot. Will be back for sure!My husband and I visited Smiley's right at opening time on a sunny Monday afternoon.  We were greeted by pleasant staff and the restaurant seemed very clean and orderly. My husband got the beef shwarma pita and I had the falafel pita. Both were very good and had wonderful flavor. I took off one star because the food was not quite as warm as I would have liked; certainly not cold, but more lukewarm. Overall, very delicious and we would definitely return!Put simply, Smiley is the man.
As soon as you enter, you realize you're entering Smiley's domain. He greets you immediately with such warmth and kindness. He can say 'thank you' in 39 different languages and will do so if you ask him to. He also has awesome anecdotes about serving Joaquin and River Phoenix at his old place in Gainesville, FL.
The food is awesome - I recommend the falafel pita.
That is all. Thanks, Smiley.Owner was awesome and friendly. We had gyro platters which was enough for two adults and two toddlers. Outstanding all around. Unfortunately we live in VA so it will be hard for us to come back. But if we roll through again we'll definitely be back.Loved it! Incredible authentic food. Delivery was on time. Portions were massive. So darn good!Food is delicious and fresh. 
Beef gyro and falafel are fantastic and the homemade baklava is out of this world.
... and the prices are super reasonable. 
Super nice owner and staff!!Great experience!
I have seen this place in Manayunk for awhile now and was always curious to check it out, but to be honest it look like a hole in the wall and was nervous about trying this place out. All I can say is that me and my wife were so glad we did. 
I ordered for her the gyro meat platter with tzatziki and they gave a huge portion on the side of pita bread for her order.
I ordered for myself the beef shawarma and it was awesome. It had a tahini sauce poured over the meat and also came with a huge portion of pita bread as well.
It was less than 30 dollars for both plates (not including drinks) and we were both very full. 
With each of the meat platters they give you a small Greek salad on the side. The salad had some really good feta cheese and tasted fresh. 
Would definitely recommend this place to anyone local or if you are dropping by Manayunk to go shopping. 
The place is small and you may have a problem finding seating and the wait is a bit long after waiting for your order, but it is definitely worth the wait.This place nails it on the head with every aspect of their business. They make delicious food quickly, and the workers are more friendly than you could ever expect. I have tried about half of the things of the menu and they were all terrific. I have settled on the beef shawarma and a walnut baklava when I go, but you can't really go wrong. Do yourself a favor and give this place a try.I was pleased to find a solid take-out Middle Eastern place in Manayunk, especially considering most of the takeout food in the area is average at best.  While Israel set the standard for me for falafel and obviously can't be topped, the falafel at Smiley's has a nice mix of flavors.  Though the size could be better, the price is reasonable.  My only real complaint is the falafel balls are not crispy.  An added crunch would be great.  The chicken gyro pita was just okay.  Will definitely put Smiley's in the local take-out rotation.  Bonus for good smoothies.  (I have been twice and have yet to see Smiley himself)Food was nice, service was very attentive. For two people, our total meal was $19. We were the only people in the cafe at the time and got to talk to the owner a little bit. Very nice man, very cool story. Before we left, he said, "welcome to your home away from home" -- treats his patrons like family, trulyI tried their chicken and their meat shawerma, simply put, it's the best I've ever had. No wonder they're the number one in the area! Smiley's makes me wanna just keep smiling :)Overall, we had a pretty good lunch here. The naan/bread wast very good...pretty dry. And the atmosphere is really odd. But, the beef/lamb schwarma wrap is amazing and service was good!!So good!!! The owner is so welcoming and warm and his food is truly delicious. Definitely try the walnut baklava for dessert!I must start this review by thanking the lady at the counter. We came in and my little daughter needed to use the bathroom which is behind the counter (really not for customers). The kind lady went in and cleaned the bathroom to make sure it's clean for the little girl; thank you!
We would have loved to stay in, unfortunately it was a hot and humid evening so we opted to take the food to go. We had the gyro, the chicken shawarma, grape leaves, falafel and babaganoush. Everything was truly tasty. The chicken shawarma tasted as in between pulled chicken and shawarma, but delicious nonetheless. The lemonade was refreshing as well. The only let down was the tahini, but the humus and Tzatziki sauce were tasty.
Had this place been slightly bigger, it would've easily earned a five stars. Great food and excellent service despite the size.Had the chicken gyro for lunch today. Everything was so fresh and flavorful. This plus an extremely friendly & helpful staff and owner makes this place awesome!Smiley's is truly a neighborhood gem. The food is absolutely amazing; I have never had falafel quite as delicious anywhere else in my life. Everything is always so fresh. I always get hummus, falafel and baklava! The walnut baklava is amazing, but if you can catch them on a day they are serving  pistachio baklava, do not pass it up!! The service is absolutely outstanding. And the prices are unbeatable! The portion of delicious hummus and pita you receive for $4 could last you a few days!One of my favorite places in the area. The food is quite good, and I would highly recommend the falafel pita. However the best part of this place is the nice couple that owns it. They always seem genuinely happy to see customers. If you're in the mood for a gyro, pita, etc. you should definitely stop in.This was some of the best Mediterranean food we've had in a long time!  Don't let the unassuming decor fool you. This is authentic, fresh and delicious Mediterranean food! We had the mixed vegetarian platter which we split - fantastic! Wonderful hummus, baba ghanoush(so?) and amazing falafel! Also great salad and grape leaves. We took home some baklava which we just finished - yum! I rarely give five stars, but this place deserves it!Stopped here after looking at the great reviews.  Ordered the garlic chicken, beef gyro hummus and falafel.  I don't know if it was the time (8:30pm) or day of the week but everything seemed to be over seasoned.  The garlic chicken had some sort of garlic paste on top that was entirely too potent.  Same thing with the falafel.  The gyro sandwich was toasted?  Hummus was okay though.We visited Manayunk for the first time because of the festival that was happening and we stumbled upon this wonderful and humble Mediterranean restaurant on Main St. The food is delicious and the service makes the experience even better! We had the beef gyro and shawarma and they were great especially when you pair them up with their pineapple or original lemonade. We would definitely come back to this place and if you're ever in the area, i recommend giving this place a try!Love this little place! I had the beef gyro, but I've had their chicken and falafel before too, and they're all equally tasty. You know you'll get a fresh meal here, and it's so cheap! The owner chats with everyone, and the atmosphere is welcoming. This is one of my favorite Manayunk spots.Great little spot in Manayunk! The boyfriend and I found this place the other day while looking for a spot for a quick lunch. The falafel pita is great! The falafel is crispy and delicious. I definitely will have to try it as the platter to really get to enjoy all of the falafel goodness on its own. The bf had the beef gyro which was great as well. Everything was very fresh and the service was great! The owner is so friendly and makes you feel like he's welcoming you into your home. Can't wait to go back and try more of their menu.Totally a five star hidden gem. Me and my husband stopped by this place since we were around neighborhood and we were starving at that time. We wanted to have something light and fresh, so decided on greek/middle eastern food. Although I have tried so many greek food, this place still made me WOW. First of all, the owner is very friendly and willing to answer any questions you have on the menu. Secondly, their food is very fresh...we ordered one falafel platter and one platter combo. The portion is great and we felt so full after finishing the food. The hummus amazing!!  The only thing i would suggest them to do is to make pita bread a bit soft. Will definitely go back to try other stuff on menu next time.It's a go to. I highly recommend getting take out. I love EVERYTHING on this menu.
The owed is amazing and makes me 
SMILE every time I am in there.
Also, its great inside and you can BYOB.By far the best Greek food I've had. The staff is helpful and friendly. The owner is heavenly and his passion is evident in his quality menu. Every time someone wants amazingly fresh food, I point them right to Smileys. Whenever I'm on Main Street, I always have to stop by and get some of their amazing hummus. A true favorite!Called a half hour ahead and order wasn't even started when I got there. Kid that made the food was sweeping the floor when I walked in then started making the food without washing his hands. He then proceeded to go to the sink and fake wash his hands in plain site. Absolutely disgusted and will not be going back to one of my former favorite takeout Mediterranean spots in Manayunk.I have been back to Smiley's several times and have not once been disappointed! I'm officially obsessed with their Honey and Walnut Baklava. I'm a sucker for desserts and it is heaven in my mouth. I've been getting the Greek Salad which is so fresh and the house dressing is light and complimentary to the salad. The Orange Passion smoothie is my favorite so far!! 
I genuinely appreciate a place that has fresh, delicious food and great customer service. Their staff is always SO sweet and upbeat it will brighten your day up. Keep it up Smiley's!!! :)First off, this was the best gyro and freshest hummus ever! But more importantly, the warm welcoming environment made me feel right at home. Smileys truly lived up to its name!! Would 10/10 recommendLove this place!  I typically get the Greek Salad with chicken (which is shredded), and it's amazing.  I get the small size, and it is enormous.  The grape leaves are fantastic, as is the hummus.  I have never been disappointed by the food or the service.Thank you for smiling! What a way to be greeted every time you walk in the door! Love the chicken gyro, the tzatziki is phenomenal and so flavorful. Great tabbouleh. And the hummus is fantastic. I just love this place so much and highly recommend. Great for take out (ready in 15 mins normally!) and on our regular rotation!I went here in good Friday, so unfortunately I didn't get to try the beef shwarma, but it looked fantastic! I did have a falafel pita. They menu is a little difficult to navigate but the girl at the counter was able to help my boyfriend and I make some decisions. The pita I had was delicious and not too messy like they usually can be. I was tempted to order grape leaves to go but I was too full after my meal. This is definitely a cozy lunch spot to check out in manayunk for great Mediterranean!WOW, I wish I could add another star. I usually never do reviews but I absoutly fell in love with this place. The owner and staff took the time to  make me feel like this was my second home and took the time to explain each item on the menu to me, since this was my first time ever having Mediterranean cuisine. After my first bite I was hooked I ordered the beef gyro and a side of hummus with the most refreshing orange pashion smoothie. Between the great food and good laughs I would defintley be coming back again.What a find. The food was delicious. Started with dolmades and falafel. Flavorful and so good. I had the beef gyro. I love the amount of lemon in their sauces. Perfect. The pita is a bit crisp on the edges, which I love. 
The two young women at the counter were fantastic. Sweet and welcoming. I believe they did all the food prep. Perfectly balanced. Cannot wait to go back. Bravo Smiley's!!!Aside from the delicious food (beef gyro and chicken shawrma) and amazing, fresh lemonade, Smiley himself may be the sweetest man in Manayunk... or the planet.
So happy to have Smiley's in the neighborhood!I was anxious to try this place ever since it opened.  I went during the week and the girl that was working there was extremely nice and attentive.  I ordered the chicken gyro which was not only delicious, but it was big enough to last me three meals! I plan to go back soon to try other things in their menu.  I also love that they offer smoothies so I will keep that in mind.  I did not meet the owner, but I have friends who say he is the nicest man you can meet.  I hope this place survives in Manayunk because it's a great addition!Love this place. The food is always tasty and the portions are a good size, allowing for leftovers. This trip tried the platter which includes hummus and pita with a side salad. The meat is super tender and fresh. The owner is usually there with a huge smile on his face eager to chat with customers. He told us how to say "thank you" in tons of languages. You can tell he loves being there, and loves his customers. Sometimes I forget this place is here since it's off of main street, but it is definitely worth remembering.Incredibly authentic Mediterranean food. I can't consume fast enough! First time here and simple got takeout. Will be back with the wife tomorrow to indulge again!Love this place! I'm a college student living in Manayunk, so nothing beats great food, great prices, and great service. I got the hummus and veggie sandwich along with a Tangy Raspberry smoothie. The vegetables were fresh and the pita bread was wonderful. Not to mention the hummus--so good!!!! My friend got the beef gyro and loved that as well. There is a cute little area in the back with tables, couches, and t.v. Will definitely be back!!!I heart this place.  They're really friendly, the food is great, it's simple and uncomplicated and price to portion ratio is extremely fair. They take credit cards, you could byob it, order a smoothie or just do takeout.  I realize these things individually aren't that impressive, but really think about how many places you know that have all of these attributes?  
I've had their garlic chicken and falafel platter each time I've been there (sharing of course).  I'll eventually get the gyro and shwarma but the garlicky flavors beckon me each time.Delicious falafel! Really enjoyed our lunch here this afternoon. Very friendly and attentive service. Must try!I went to Smiley's for falafel and they were out of falafel. At noon. On a weekday.The only thing that made me smile was throwing away the food. Cold, 30 minutes late, and half my order was missing. Instead of offering a refund - they said next time the order would be on the house. Thanks but no thanks.This place is great.  So much flavor to everything and excellent hummus!  
The owner is really nice and wants to make sure everyone has a good experience.  
You get a pretty big portion for a good price and the food is filling but healthy. I'm so full right now I'm just gonna lay here for a bit, haha. 
Great place all around.  I'd highly recommend!Almost once a week, my fiancee and I get a Gyro and a Shawarma, and two delicious fruit smoothies! Even if we just need a snack, we will swing by just to get some Hummus and Pita.
Highly recommended!Smiley's gave me a fresh new perspective on Manayunk. I used to feel like I have been to every restaurant on main street too many times, my friends and I would spend too long trying to think of where to go. But today my friend and I discovered an amazing mom and pop giro place after initially walking by, but smelling something delicious soon after. Smiley is a gregarious talented chef who makes everything from scratch, with love. You can taste it! My friend is the son of a well known chef and its so hard to find a place he likes. He is a relentless food snob but couldn't help in joining me in raving about smiley's. I have lived in three countries, two of which are littered with delicious giro shops (I was a regular), smiley's was the best and right here in 'merica! More than that, it is a charming venue, full of potential. He just moved in but he has big plans to offer hookah, belly dancers, and stay open until 3 am on weekend nights. Hope to see some of you there after the bars close! Places like these bring character to neighborhoods.What a great little place ! And how could you not love Smiley ! (The owner) I've been here a few times and the food is always delicious! A platter is plenty for one person and I usually get 2 meals out of it. They have a few little tables outside and some inside in the back as well. Smiley is super friendly and the others working there are nice as well. Definitely worth stopping in !We didn't have a food here because we couldn't. It's an underground restaurant, dark and humid. You can't go with little kids, no strollers can go in because no accessible ramp or way to go. I don't know how the food is but the atmosphere is zero.In my opinion better than all other area Mediterranean restaurants. It was EXCELLENT! No wonder they have 5 Yelp stars. Great, fresh food, cosy place and the owners make you feel like family. We had a great meal and lots of fun! Highly recommended.Stopped at Smiley's to grab lunch after buying books next door. No frills, delicious gyros. Since I just got back from Greece last week I had high standards...but the friendly service, and outstanding food was a great surprise. Definitely recommend!I can't praise this place enough! First and most importantly, the gyros are incredible! It's a once and sometimes twice a week stop for me, and every time the food has been spot on.   Second, the staff is the friendliest I've ever met. Good people, and very appreciative of our business. Make sure you try this hidden gem!I signed up for yelp just to review, and after seeing the nasty comment that is clearly from a would-be rival coffee shop owner --- smileys is about so much more than coffee! The word 'cafe' is used in Mediterranean / Middle East to refer to any small wondrous place that serves food but does not have a huge kitchen / servicing staff / etc. Yes, they do have coffee. No, I haven't tried it. But to critique smileys for the coffee without trying the food is like lambasting the opening act to a show without bothering to stay for the main event. 
The best food i have had in manayunk (handy nasty is also amazing) - fresh, healthy, delicious, reasonably priced, smiley service. I go there at least 2x/week, and find myself inviting people over just so I have another excuse to eat there again. The baba ganouj is amazing, the Greek salad is uber tasty (you get a side of it with the platters, along with hummus), and I've enjoyed the falafel, beef gyro, and chicken gyro. And the hummus! Owners are super friendly, offer free tastings of baklava. 
Phone number: 267 323 2098This place is AMAZING! My girlfriend and I stopped by for a quick lunch on a weekday. They are located right on Main Street. He woman behind the counter was so friendly and kind! We got the beef gyros and split a small Greek salad. If you're a light eater the small salad alone would be enough. Or split the gyro with someone else. That being said everything was so delicious and it's the kind of food that doesn't leave you feeling grossly full. The gyro was on fresh pita with a garlicy tzatsiki. So good. Definitely will return!Fast, friendly, delicious, and affordable! Best place to eat in Manayunk!Just for the amazing customer service alone I would go back, you feel like old friends the minute you walk through the door. It is just an added bonus that their food is also really good. My roomates and I are going to make going here a weekly thing.Dear, Mr. Smiley. Please please please consider opening another location in Abington. Everything you make is delicious and so fresh! Your staff is so friendly and the place is so cute. We need more places like this!Unimpressed! My coworkers and I spotted this place on the way to have lunch at the Couch Tomato one day. We made a special trip the next week just to try Smileys Cafe. First of all the food is expensive for what it is. Most people ended up spending $15 on a platter and a soda. For not being a sit down restaurant- this price point is a little too high for lunch hour. Now, you can get a gyro for about $10 with no drink. This is the way to go. The gyro was plenty of food to fill me up. It just wasn't amazing. The chicken in the platters were dry and needed lots of the in-house made garlic sauce to moisten it up. The service was surprisingly fast for only having one girl working. Smileys doesn't have bad food.. I just wouldn't go out of my way to come back again. Just being honest!Good food, good service, fair prices. Just what a guy likes! They are about a block off Main Street, but hey if you prefer to pay for over priced food, stay on Main Street! They also have a good vegetarian selection with ethnic flavors. What else can I say ... give them a try!Great food! I had the a gyro and a falafel plater for take out. My wife and I loved it and there was plenty of food to have for another meal the next day.How are the reviews so high for this place? Seems like a glorified take out joint to me. 
Came here on Wednesday to see what the hype was about and left mildly disappointed. You walk in and order at the counter. You can sit outside out front where they have two or three tables, or inside down the steps where there is a TV and some chains on the wall for I guess when they want to get all 50 Shades of Grey. 
My girl had the garlic chicken wrap, way to much lettuce and dry as hell. It was a decent size however for the price. I went with the Chicken shawarma platter, and a side of BABA with with extra pita. Baba was just okay, hummus was okay, my chicken was dry as well. Once again portions for the price were pretty good and the food wasn't bland. But 5 stars though? You yelpers getting soft man. This place is a 3 for sure. 
Bonus: They were playing hip hop audible when I was eating, 5 star music selection, NAS, Biggie, Jay. They was killin it!This place was amazing. The food was great.The owner was super nice and welcoming. We will DEFINITELY be back!!!I've gone to this place 2 times and both times I have been completely satisfied. I gave it only 4 stars bc I've only had the falafel sandwich and the greek salad. It is hard to find a good falafel sandwich in the area but look no further. Love this tiny gem.Smiley's has been great to have in Manayunk. Delivery around here tends to be mostly fried foods and pizza so it's nice to have an option that is fresh and healthy. Nothing here has disappointed us yet and today I discovered 2 new favorites. The falafel here is awesome and the iced coffee is BY FAR the best I've ever had! Also the delivery through Grubhub took 30 minutes-- unheard of around here! Definitely try this place out, you won't regret it!Great service! I had the falafel pita and they threw in a small container of babaganoush to try as they were low. I will definitely return.I'd really like to give it 3.5 stars. I also reserve the right to re-rank after a few more visits (thinking it could bump to 4)...and yes I plan on returning.  I've eaten here twice and the food was good.  The portions were a really good size and everything was very fresh.  Service was a little slower than I would've liked the one time but overall great place. They have outside seating which is a plus I've only eaten outside or done takeout so I can't really speak for the interior beyond the ordering counter.I'm not sure if they changes ownership or what, but the food is very different than it was a year or so ago.  The tzatziki had a pinkish tint and OK flavor, the chicken was passable, but the gyro meat was sliced so thin that it had the texture of notebook paper.  It was like ribbons of meat instead of slices.  Also, I don't know what spice they're using in the grape leaves, but it had a strong licorice flavor.  Not great at all.Not overly impressed with the Greek food in particular. The Italian isn't bad, but the gyro was just underwhelming.Absolutely amazing night tonight at Smiley's cafe. We were first time guests tonight and it was absolutely delicious. I got the Chicken Gyro and my boyfriend got the Falafel and it was the best we ever had. The staff was so nice it really made our experience. Thank you Smiley's, we will be back very very soon!!!Just moved to the area about a month ago and my girlfriend and I were craving Greek food.  We have a place that we love in New York so the standards were set very high.  This place delivered our food fast and it was absolutely delicious.  Definitely going to be our go to spot for weekly take-out.Smiley and his staff are always so friendly and their food is delicious. I've had their Beef Shawarma and it is so good! My roommate loves to get their smoothies, I go each week for a container of hummus for the week! It is the best hummus I have ever had, it is so fresh and tasty and a great texture and well-seasoned. It is my favorite hummus and I don't want to go back to packaged from the food store.I have a severe addiction to Smiley's Cafe, and living literally a block away does not help. Not only am I obsessed with their food (STRONGLY suggest ordering a beef schwarma sandwich), but Smiley and his wife are the friendliest people you could ever meet. Wish I could rate more than 5 stars. Its definitely deserved!The gyros are awesome
 Haven't had one from anywhere else in the city and don't see a reason to start looking when I know I can get one here for less than 8 bucksFor the posters confused by all the 5 star ratings and comparing this to food they ate in the Middle East and not being authentic enough - be realistic.
All things relative - for the area, this is the best beef gryo and shwarma you are going to get. Period. 
I am so thankful that I don't have to deal with an americanized version of a gyro by places like fiesta pizza II and Dantonio's anymore when I get a craving.
Thank you Smiley for bringing something new and fresh to Manayunk instead of just another pizza joint!I love Middle Eastern food! And now, I have a new favorite restaurant; unfortunately it is in Philadelphia and I live in Boston. Don't care--we were visiting and went to Smiley's in Manayunk for Middle Eastern food: THE best! 
     Three of us went there sight unseen- it is tiny;TINY.  Does mostly take-out (likely because it's tiny), but do NOT miss this little gem! The hummus is the best I have EVER had; the Greek salad is excellent (and NOT overly dressed) and simple; the falafel's were perfect, and because it was the owners' son's birthday, they plunked down three pieces of birthday cake for us. (By the way, their two young sons are adorable). The family is so nice and justly proud of their food. I am sorry I did not take any photos, but I'm hoping others will fill in the gap. 
     Do not miss Smiley's!Small, homey, and super friendly staff. The baklava is a real treat... as is the lemonades! Everything is wonderful, but my favorite is a classic Greek salad with chicken. Sometimes their wonderful hummus on the side, too :-)All around the service and food was good. Just two complaints the chicken was a little too dry for my liking and the basmati rice was uncooked. Everything else was pretty good. I had also order a veggie platter and falafel platter with a greek salad. Both platters came with hummus which by the way was very delicious. Going forward I dont think I'll be ordering the chicken platter or rice. (maybe it was just an off day) The service was fast the young lady that helped me was nice. We actually held a little convo while she prepared my order. I went there around 4 pm on a Wednesday it was no one else in there. PLEASE TRY the pinepple lemonade it is to die for.The lush in me wanted to add a splash of rum.. LOL.. however its was very refreshing!Smileys is the best! Phenomenal service, delicious authentic food. Relaxing setting. The pita is baked to perfection. Definite go to when in Manyunk.THANK YOU!!  Finally Fresh Mediterranean Cuisine in East Falls area . Do Not Hesitate to visit this establishment. Fast, Fresh, and Delicious is all I can say. When someone loves what they do it shows in the product that they produce. I am of Mediterranean descent and this food is absolutely healthy, uncomplicated, and authentic. Keep up the good work it shows!!!!Have to give Smiley's another shout out for excellent service.  I ordered takeout last night and everything was great!  I really appreciated how well my order was packed, and how it was 100% correct even with substitutions.
I got the chicken gyro platter and Tropical Craze smoothie, both of which I recommend.  I was happy to see that:
-The pita was wrapped in foil to keep it warm and soft
-Everything was arranged in a visually pleasing way.  Smiley's cares about the details for taste and presentation - I could tell by the fresh sprinkle of parsley on the creamy side of hummus.
-Napkins and all utensils were included in the bag, even a straw.
-Sauces were packed in their own containers: 2 of Tzatziki and 1 vinaigrette for the salad (love this so the greens don't get soggy!)
-Since I don't like bananas, I asked for that ingredient in the Tropical Craze smoothie to be replaced with strawberries or raspberries.  I ordered online so I put this in as a note which I wasn't sure anyone would read.  When I picked my order up, the woman handing me my order remembered and said "don't worry, no bananas in the smoothie at all."  Great service!
If there is one tiny recommendation I could make, it would be to look at getting a high-powered blender.  The Tropical Craze Smoothie was good but the coconut was not fully blended in, making the smoothie a little gritty.  I still thought it was good, but a better blender would probably be able to create a homogeneous product that has a more pleasing texture.
Smiley's always delivers great food with, yes, a smile.  And now I have lunch for tomorrow.  Thank's Smiley's!I accidentally found this place on Sunday. My parents were in town and needed a quick bite to eat before getting back on the road. We tried to go to McGullicuddy's, but after some terrible service, we walked out. 
I noticed Smiley's across the street, probably because of the delicious smells come out the door. We walked in and I could never have been more happy that we did. Smiley was super friendly and the food was excellent. We got falafels and a chicken gyro. I don't think I have ever had a falafel seasoned so perfectly. And the sauce! Soooo good! And not at all runny like some not so great falafels.
It was so good that my mom ordered more to take home for lunch the next day. Smiley and his wife packed her up a brown bagged lunch and packed all the ingredients separately so that it wouldn't be mushy for her the next day.
Overall, I absolutely loved the food and the customer service was amazing. I will definitely be back soon (probably tonight).Decent array of Greek/Turkish food, the falafels are a bit too dry, however. Good baba ganoush and hummus!Last time we were here we got the worst case of food poisoning. It hit 2 out 3 people in our party. It was the worst 2 days of my life. I understand that these things happen at restaurants like cross contamination and such. But I never had anything like this in my life. Our food was reheated by a bunch of college students working the front. I should have trusted my instincts and walked away.Had the beef shawarma sandwich, enjoyed it immensely. Very simple but done right, compared to your normal soggy vegetables and greasy meat, this was amazing.Food was fine, but the service was totally drippy.  There wasn't a smile to be had, from anyone working there.  The cashier could barely open her mouth to ask me what I wanted.  There was no thank you, no smile, no nothing.  There were no tips in the jar, and I can see why.  Inattentive service and service without a smile never pays.Great, authentic food. Excellent service with friendly staff. The lady at the front was a total sweetheart! The pineapple lemonade is a must.Less than a week later, I was back. Judging by the obscene noises I was making as I inhaled my food, the quality and taste of the food were not just figments of my imagination. 
If I could have dreamed of a place that serves exactly what I want, it would be Smiley's. Last week, I asked about almond milk for my smoothie. Tonight, when I arrived, it was offered to me when I ordered my smoothie. I was elated beyond belief. I can't even find almond milk in places that solely survive and pay rent on making those little ice/fruit/milk concoctions. I have never had service like this anywhere else. It was like heeding the suggestion in the suggestion box only I had just briefly mentioned it. :-)
I had a blackberry, raspberry, banana smoothie and it was by far the most delicious I have ever tasted. 
Smiley gave me a chocolate banana muffin, which is going to be one of the 15 varieties offered for breakfast. He also let us know about the differences he is making in the ambiance. 
I was happy to see he was open, and we could sit outside on the rare weekend night I have off in the beautiful fall breeze surrounded by infectious happiness and great service.
But, the best part of all, is Smiley himself. Smiley appreciates your business. He recognized us immediately. And NOTHING makes me want to support him and his wife more than feeling appreciated or even just recognized. What a dramatic difference from South Street Souvlaki!This is by far the best Mediterranean food I've had in a long, long time.  The service was quick and the outdoor seating was delightful, but even better was the food itself.  The gyro was to die for, so authentic, and it was fairly priced as well.  I could eat there everyday if I could, and with so many great options, I'd never get bored.  
Definitely a must-try if you're in Manayunk!I finally tried Smiley's for lunch today. The falafel gyro is delicious! I also tried the pistachio baklava & the walnut baklava - also good. Manayunk is lucky to have this new restaurant; the food is fresh and the owner is a delightful person. He is quite chatty and sincere. In fact, I can't remember the last time I had service with such a warm smile. Probably before I moved to Philadelphia. I plan to go back to Smiley's to sample the other menu offerings!Nothing bad about this place. Guy who owns it is incredibly friendly and accomodating. The space for eating inside feels like your living room!  Service is good, if they mess up the fix it and go beyond. Lastly, the food??? Amazing. Fresh, tasty, and even if you eat too much, you still feel great. Highly recommended.Authentic Mediterranean food for a decent price! Friendly staff, with the option of various smoothies to complement!All of the food is very good and their fresh smoothies and lemonades are awesome. Smiley, the owner, is an absolute delight. Service is pretty fast as well, and there is a little lounge/dining area. The place used to be a mugshots cafe so it's fairly comfortable to relax in. There seems to be new people working frequently, not sure if it's because they're opening for longer hours or if there's turnover, but the new people could be trained better for food consistency. I've had rice that was a little underdone and salad drowned in dressing, but 99% of the time it's great.I really enjoyed the beef gyro. The pita bread is very crispy. The portions are huge. Very well priced. The atmosphere is cozy. I need to go back and try out other parts of the menu. The menu wasn't too big, but they do have options. The staff was friendly and helpful. I look forward to going back again soon.With all the praises I expected more.
This was a simple gyro without anything particularly complex, unique, or even superior execution.
The pita is very thin and a bit dried out. The romaine lettuce, as you can see, is somewhat wilted and beginning the fast decay feared in garde manger stations the world over.
The primary issue of this sandwich was the flavor balance. The flavor profile was dominated by cool dill yogurt. This sour flavor strongarmed the beef, vegetables, and pita (all three of which only carried marginal flavor pack anyway.) 
The condiments, romaine lettuce and tomato, are an odd choice for a Mediterranean dish. I would much prefer the traditional pickled radish and mayo-based saucing.
While this gyro was ok, I was hoping for much more. This came nowhere near the kebabs in Berlin. Those were half the price. I left confused with the 4.5 star rating.Great food, best when hot. A little expensive IMO.
Delivery takes atleast 2 hours, and I live less than 3 miles from smileys.
Delivery has been delayed every time I've ordered. Furthemore, they forgot 3 items on my order atleast twice. I've ordered 5 or 6 times.
Besides that, the gyro's are great. Everything is made in house (baclava and Tzatziki are to die for) Cozy dining room. Highly RecommendSmileys has awesome food and great service. The owner is so nice and really passionate about his food! Everything I had was really good so I know I'll be back to try the rest of the menu.I don't know where does this place get all the good ratings from!
The only edible thing they have is Baba ganoush! That's it.. 
The girls were sweet, the food was disgusting!
Chicken shawarma tastes funny! beef gyro tastes like it's been reheated 100 times!
Falafel doesn't look nor taste like falafel!
Will never try it againAs I would skeptically pass by this out of the world rated restaurant I always wondered could it be that good...my first experience points to yes.
Pretty simple order of small Greek salad with chicken and small house salad with chicken did not disappoint.  There were only two top salad spots in Manayunk/Roxborough until I ate here:  couch tomato and zestos.  Now there are three.  Good price point and appropriate size.  Ease of online ordering, fresh ingredients.  Need to go back and hit up some of there other stuff.Much needed middle eastern food in Manayunk. We went here yesterday, I got falafel, which was probably some of the best I've ever had in my life, simple with tahini, hummus, pickle and tomatoes, but insanely good. Huge portion, bread was great as well. My company got some kind of chicken sandwich, which he thoroughly enjoyed. The man who runs this place is incredibly kind and gregarious, and the baklava was also spot on. In all honesty, this was probably the best thing I have eaten in my two years living in Manayunk. I highly recommend it.Share arms chicken meat platter is delish! Enough to feed two! And the Greek salad was perfect! Hummus hit the spot!Update, this place is currently closed due to family issues note put on the door for many weeks now. I would recommend you call prior to going current as of 7.11.17. Decided to try out this place, as I have a bit of a love affair for schwarma and heard this place contains them. It's tucked into a small spot but I ordered take out, not sure I would prefer to stay and eat, I think it is more of a take out place. I ordered a chicken schwarma platter and a side of tabbouleh.  Let me tell you, I moved here three months ago...this was by far the best food I've had. Everything was great...the hummus, the salad, the chicken and sauce was delicious the tabbouleh is totally in the top tier of my all time favorites! However, depending on what day you go it is hit or miss. I've gotten chicken platters that were so over salted, I had to just trash. I've ordered tabbouleh for a very expensive amount and come home to find only a half little container full of it, seriously like maybe four tablespoons worth. I've been here more than a two dozen times, and about 50% of the time my food was good. It is great when it is good, and horrible when it is bad. So be cautious, this place needs consistency.We had shawarma and gyro with tabouli and hummus. They are  *very friendly, loved the seating area. I really hate the ruin the five star streak but...The only reason I give four stars is the amount of salt in the dishes that are otherwise yummy. We brought quite a bit home and mixed the tabouli with another salad to lower the amount of salt, and mixed the hummus with home made hummus. I have to have a disclaimer here though - I don't like / need salt as much as most other people.Very friendly and comfortable place.  My husband and I decided to try it while our daughter was at dance class.  We had about 45 min so we walked to Smiley's as it has been on my "to do" list for awhile.  He ordered the chicken gyro and a raspberry banana pineapple smoothie and I went with the falafel platter and coffee.  The staff encouraged us to check out the dining area and hang out while we waited for our to go order.  It was very comfy with couches and a big tv so we ended up spending more time there than we planned to.  The food is good and the staff make you glad you stopped in.  We'll definitely be back!Smiley's food is super delicious, we are looking forward eating it again. You just cant go wrong.I placed an order to-go for a falafel and gyro platter. Everything was made-to-order, which I really appreciated. You get an insane amount of food for a very decent price. What more can anyone ask for? The service was really good -- the employees were definitely attuned to customers' needs. I highly recommend this place if you want something fast, fresh, and delicious!Very good. Decent price. I would say 4.5 stars, but since that isn't possible, I'll round up.
I usually get the beef gyro platter. The rice is really good. And the meal is very filling/usually enough for two meals for me. Plus the smoothies are always satisfying and flavorful.
The only negative is it's very slow since everything seems to be made to order. I recommend ordering in advance.Love their food. I work nearby so we order from them all the time. The chicken platter is my favorite but never had a bad experience. The owner is a great guy, always pleasant. Small little Shop but the downstairs is extra eating room. Strange but effective if you wanted to eat and hangout.This is my new jawn.  Had a beef shwarma platter delivered last night, and it was out of this world.  It was way more food than I normally eat, so I planned on saving half for leftovers.  Well,  I couldn't stop eating it.  I now plan on eating here at least once a week!  Absolutely amazing!!Such an awesome place. The food is well made, inexpensive, and the owner is probably the nicest person ever. I've only been here a couple of times but they did a fantastic job hiring staff. Everyone goes out of their way to help you and have overall great customer service skills.Great Food! Always fresh and flavorful along with a great price! The owner is always smiling and happy to greet you!! It's always such a pleasure to go here!!Great food and even better service. I always leave with a Smiley on my face. Ha !  We have eaten here several times and plan on returning many times!!The food was amazing and Smiley was great! The chicken gyro platter and humus was delicious. Can't wait to go back again.I love the falafel! Service is super Smiley! Absolutely awesome spot to feel like your visiting your funny uncle & his awesome home cooking :) a place to come & bring friends to enjoy a great vibe & wonderful food!The staff is very friendly and this place has become my go to takeout restaurant in Manayunk.  I wish I knew how they made it but their house dressing is great.This is my first review in almost 2 years, and I signed in especially to make it! Like many of you, I found Smiley's Cafe on yelp, and being a big fan of Mediterranean cuisine, I knew I had to try it. I grew up on authentic Greek, Lebanese, and Israeli cuisine, so I was happy to find a place so close that tasted so good.
The first thing you notice about Smiley's is the owner. He's extremely friendly and loves to talk with you. I have gotten takeout twice so far, and can say the place is very clean if you choose to eat in.
The food is delicious! So far I've gotten the beef gyro platter, the garlic chicken platter, the baba ganoush, and the grape leaves. All taste very fresh and taste homemade. The baba ganoush tastes amazing, and is some of the best I've ever had. Trust me, if you've had baba ganoush before, you will fall in love with Smiley's. The platters came with hummus, a greek salad, rice, and a side of pita. I have a big appetite and I barely finished my platter.
Now for the biggest endorsement. My dad had takeout from there too. When he eats, he usually describes food as "okay." When I asked him how Smiley's was, he said it was "yummy." For him, that would be like 6/5 stars on yelp!Tucked a little off Main Street, half a block from Whirled Peace, this place is an absolute gem. There was a need for a more affordable, but still high quality Mediterranean place in Manayunk/Roxborough and Smiley's absolutely nailed it. We got a falafel sandwich and a beef gyro platter which proved to be more than enough for two people. Delicious greek salad and heaps of tender gyro, more than enough for two people. The owners are also lovely - very friendly and welcoming. All fresh ingredients, homemade everything, and tasty smoothies made to order. Highly recommended!!
Btw, they have a sandwich and smoothie special for about $7. Yes please!I've never been disappointed by the quality of the good here. Everything served is fresh and the portions are great for the price.
Mr. Smiley and his staff are great!I love this place! Hands down the best gyro I have ever had, I have been here about 20 times and I'm still not tired of it. When my mom, who loves gyros, came to visit me from Florida, I took her here and she loved it as well. The falafel sandwich is also good, and the baklava is pretty melt in your mouth delicious.