In town traveling. So glad the husband and I agreed on BBQ. The setting is great as was our server Katie, very welcoming. The ribs were some of the best I have ever had, the BBQ sauce made it!!!! If we come back to Philly, definitely coming back!Was here last year for happy hour and the bar food was so-so but not great.  A lot of it sounds like it'd be tasty in theory, but the execution was off.  Wings are not that great - could be juicier, tastier. 
I wouldn't recommend the cheesesteak egg rolls.  Bad combo, with skimpy overcooked filling.  Worse than any cheesesteak I've had, and worse than any eggroll I've had.
The space is attractive and comfortable.  Service is fine.The wait staff and food was awesome.  We had a large group of people and everything was served timely and hot.Awesome place. At convention and just stumbled upon it. Gotta try the Betty Burger It was best burger i have ever had! 
Avocado,  white cheddar cheese 1/3 lb beef, pork confit, garlic aioli, on fresh bun
Coleslaw was slightly tangy but has sweet finish...creamy. Great price and good service. Other tablemates had bettys grilled cheese and bbq pork sandwich which were delicious. Lunch for 3 under $40. Great valueWanted to get some brunch as newbie in Philly, we googled this place and went on Sunday. 
Place was really crowded, but it was big so we waited just little. I got egg while omelette and he got the burger. 
My omelette was ok but I probably could make that one. He liked the burger and enjoyed fries too but we never went back there for their burger.  Maybe Philly has too many burger places.Good atmosphere, decent food, but nothing to write home about.
Party for ten on NCAA Saturday night.  The bar had the game on (yay) and we were seated upstairs at a long table with a booth on one side, but it was comfortable.  We waited a while for some rounds of drinks to come out, but the place was pretty busy so perhaps to be expected.  Good beer selection and some fun mixed drinks.  
The portions were pretty enormous... half-chicken came with a ton of other food; the bowl of chili was enormous (topped with delicious and fresh guac and sour cream); side of flourless corn souffle was tiny but aweeeesome; the burger-eaters said they were decent, and the fish taco-eaters were very happy.The Betty Burger met all my cravings - a sizable patty of beef, possibly hand-packed, definitely not the perfectly circular food service patty that some places serve - topped with pork belly (uncured bacon meat), avocado, and a fried egg. My companions had various barbecue dishes and were vet satisfied. The server was knowledgeable about the menu and the beer selection, and brought samples of the beers we were considering (I try to drink local when traveling).We went here for a special event while we were in town for a conference and the staff and food were superb. They designed a (delicious) fixed menu for us with two courses for a group of 24 people. We had a nice upstairs space all to ourselves! The only downside was that the price was a little steep (fixed at $28 per person) and the online options showed slightly cheaper prices. Based on the food, atmosphere, and price I would rate it a solid 4 out of 5 stars.
However, we had the absolute best service and server, Seth, specifically and he alone made this review go from a four to a five. He was kind, gracious, accommodating for picky eaters, polite, and above all HILARIOUS (but not overbearingly / annoyingly so). We felt like we had this professional server with a dose of stand up comedy during dinner. He also stepped in as an amateur photographer and took about 20 group photos for us and kept cracking jokes and keeping us happy. Truly, some of the best service I've ever received and I highly recommend this place for your next big group event near city centerPlus: Great burgers, cool location, good food all together
Minus: Staff is so so, last time the waiter barely came to our table, stood and starred at us and didn't take our order until I just started ordering. He also lied and said we were not allowed to have half sweet potato/half normal fries when I have gotten it several other times.Place was great. I solo ate on a sunday afternoon and had the steak and the blonde beer. overall it was delicious and great while sitting next to the bar.This was my 1st time  having barbeque in Philedelphia and I have to say this place was a great find. I ordered the Ruben Egg rolls and the ribs and it was great. Perfectly sized portions and the ribs were cooked to perfection. It will be a stop on my next visit for sure!Love this place. Great atmosphere and great food. Not too pricey especially for the portions.Been here a few times. The design of the space is really the nicest thing about it. Downstairs can open up when it gets nice out, and the upstairs area is big, good for events, and has nice windows overlooking the street. The draft list is ok, have some decent beers on it, can't really say much more than that. The cocktails look interesting but I'm never that compelled to try them. The happy hour specials don't seem that great to me. The food is pretty good also, had the chicken and broccoli rabe sandwich last time I went which is a lot of food for a low/moderate price.
It's a place though I never can get excited about.One server during brunch?. Host could care less that we waited 30 mins for our check. He stood there with his lil sweater on and did nothing. Server is good, but need more than one during peak timesOverall an amazing night. Great food. Great service. Great dining room. But the most memorable part of the meal was the biscuit!fluffy and moist, so so delicious. I wish I could order an all biscuit dinner. My Italian friend said "that's a nice biscuit". Eat here!My Girlfriend came into town and I wanted to take her to a spot that was different and where people gave good reviews. Well, I'm with Adam on this one. When we got there the place had a cool little vibe until the hostess/waitress showed up and said just pick a seat anywhere. So we sat and brushed it off but we soon got the impression that are waitress probably wanted to go home. Mind you it was only like 2:30 on a Saturday afternoon. She asked us if we wanted to get drinks and we said give us a minute to think it over. To make a long story short she never asked us if we needed drinks again, if we needed anything or anything else to be quite frank. The only times she did speak to us she was quite snappy and irritated. We ordered some of those dry rub wings but they looked like the cook went on break and forgot to take the off the grill. My girlfriend ordered the beef brisket sandwich which was pretty good and I ordered the lamb burger which was pretty bland. The highlight of the whole experience was when another employee came to put up the specials for the evening on the dinning room blackboard. We admired the creativity of the dishes while wishing we came at a different time.One of our favorite places to visit when my family comes into town, since they have "limited" palates, haha. It's a two story restaurant and there are bars on both floors. The staff is great and the food is good. Great barbeque and an excellent beer selection! Definitely worth checking out!We came for the substantial craft beer selection and unique foods.  The sweet potato strings were addictive.  The bread pudding and chocolate cake were mind-blowing.  The cheesesteak springroll was mediocre and terribly overpriced.  The beer selection included many beers we had never seen before, and we had a couple sampler sets, but only one or two were worth drinking, so we were pretty disappointed.  There is much better food and beer around the corner, but this is the place to go for dessert.This is a solid option if you want to go to brunch. We had a big group of people, and they were able to accommodate us with a reservation. There were actually a lot of open tables; I was surprised it wasn't more crowded.
The food was delicious. Everyone at my table loved what they ordered.
They didn't have enough coffee brewed, so we had to wait a while for it to be made. And then they didn't have skim or soy milk to put in it. I was a little surprised and disappointed but the coffee was fine black. I would definite come back here to try more of the items on the menu.Great experience at Smokin Betty's last night! Large menu sure to suit all your needs. The special homemade crab cake appetizer was melt-in-your mouth deliciousness. The Betty Burger was a thing of a beauty. I could barely finish it. 
Great service, fun atmosphere, reasonable prices. Will definitely go back!Eh. Good on the fly, portions are small, that's to he expected in center city. Flavored are a 4 star.My wife had turkey and dressing and it was very good. I had rib and chicken combo and it wasn't. Waitress brought only ribs and when I asked about chicken she first said I didn't order. Then when reminded that we discussed dark or white meat she said they probably brought wrong plate. Asked what I wanted to do about it, clearly meaning didn't I just want to forget it. I said no, ribs are pretty much dried out and inedible so bring me chicken. Assumed dark meat chicken would be less black and dry. I was wrong! Did not eat chicken or more than 2 ribs. Gross. Also, wife had to ask for drink refill and then when it came it was wrong drink. Sent it back but she never brought another. So, 1 star is generous.Great atmosphere, delicious food, casual dress, best bread pudding ever. Service was perfect.They've got some decent happy hour snacks and drinks! Mon-Fri 5-7pm.  I've been to Smokin' Betty's for beers, for dinner, and for a 90's-themed party they had back in October.  Every time I've been, I've had a good time.  Service is friendly and attentive, and the food and beer is good.  Yay :-)Great spot for getting together with friends. We had the Betty Burger, spicy chicken sandwich and the Cobb salad.  We finished with the chocolate cake for dessert.  Everything was delicious .  They also have a good selection of beers.The WORST place ever! I'm going to sum this up real quick. Not busy, no service, only water provided within the first 10-15 minutes of being seated. Unfortunately they lost a great customer and awesome tips. On to the next one.Good southern bbq and comfort foods in center city Philly. In an area with a variety of International cuisine, Smokin Betty gives a great choice in some old fashioned American fare.Servers were all extremely friendly and informative.  It was lunch time so she was hungry and rattling off alllll her favs!
Definitely try the riblets for a lunch appetite with the veggie chili including guacamole and sour cream!
delish :-)Ate brunch here before the holidays right after they opened one day. I had a delicious Cobb salad, my best friend had Eggs Benedict - as always. My salad was definitely worth having again and the eggs got a good review. Our significant others did not fair so well - a botched order for one and some halfway decent sliders for the other. Our waiter was not very helpful and didn't know the specials. We asked about the waffle of the day and were told it's "probably banana pecan". Probably? Ok. We ordered a stuffed French toast as a shared dessert and it was meh. Coffee tasted burnt. Overall, I wouldn't eat here again.Great little non-traditional bbq spot in Philly. Nice beer list and GREAT Happy Hour specials.I went to Smokin Betty's for a happy hour. My friends and I ware a happy bunch. My party took a while to be seated and I didn't feel rushed. The selection of drinks and food is very good. I liked that I didn't feel crowded. We were a party of 10. Weeks later my friends are still speaking about Smokin Betty's. I will be back.Food is extremely average. The best thing I had was bread pudding and I wish it came with ice cream instead of being charged 2.00 for one scoop that was small enough for a toddler. 
I had the pulled pork and my boyfriend had the chicken and ribs. Both were something that uou can easily get at a Boston market. Just priced higher. 
Service was good and ambience was good too.Went here for a friend's birthday. First impressions were definitely good as the staff was friendly. The atmosphere was fun and energetic. I requested that they put on the Flyers vs. Devils game and they had no issues with that. We killed time at the bar while we waited for the rest of the group to come. Choice of beers and spirits wasn't extensive but good nonetheless. 
Literally everything was fine until the food came out. 
I never had such bland unappetizing fish tacos before. It sounded great on paper but sucked in execution. Two of us at the table got them and we both barely wanted to finish our plates. My fiance got the turkey burger and she said that was also underseasoned and lacked any kind of flavor. 
This place isn't crazy expensive by foody standards but it aint McDonald's either. Maybe it was an off night? If it was, I still wouldn't recommend going here since you don't know what you'll be getting.
On the plus side, Mayer Nutter walked in and said hi to me. That was interesting to see him out on a Friday night like a normal person.I feel a bit schizo for updating this review so many times, but I had a brunch experience so bad that it has to lose a star!  On Mother's Day, our brunch started with being shuttled into the bar because we didn't have a reservation, though the restaurant was empty when we got there and empty when we left.  Christmas music played through the first half of our meal (because "that's what was playing on the jazz station") in spite of repeated requests to have it changed.  The food for each of our four diners arrived at different times.  The pancakes arrived without either the "fresh honey butter" or "special syrup", and upon request the pancake eater was presented with a single pat of Land O Lakes, and a paper cup of Aunt Jemima.  Two grilled cheese sandwiches with fontina, prosciutto and fig jam arrived in similarly soggy and overgreased states.  However, one of them somehow merited and extra $2 charge on our bill.
It was just not good.  I will not go back here for brunch, and you should not either.Number one maximum sliders!  Good deal at 8 dollars for three!  Very tasty and variety!Best brunch I've ever had.
Stumbling upon this place mid heavy rain shower, it turned out to be a very lucky find.  The place was cosy, the music was cool, the service was excellent and above all the brunch menu was both innovative and delicious.  
And for the not so innovative dish; the standard American breakfast; it cost a mere $7.95.   Amazing deal for a place as nice as this.
Also try the drinks here - had a warm coffee, butter scotch and baileys irish cream drink.   Perfect for a rainy day.HAPPY HOUR: This is a great go-to spot for Happy Hour. $2 Yuenglings and great draft beers. I'm a cocktail drinker and enjoy their specialty cocktails and unique seasonal sangrias.  Their apps for Happy Hour range from $3- $5 and are well worth it.  The portions are big and the quality is decent.  I like their Veggie Quesadillas although the chef could cut down a bit on the onions. I also really enjoy their Cheesesteak Spring Rolls and fun ketchupy sauce they are served with.  The BBQ chicken pizza was OK but again too many onions (I think the cook loves onions.  All in all a great deal for happy hour. We spent $20 + tip for 2 beer, 1 cocktail, and 3 apps... we were full and didn't even need dinner!
RESTAURANT WEEK: I also came here for restaurant week before and have to say is was the best bargain for your money and the food quality was excellent!  I had the short ribs and had plenty leftover for lunch and dinner the next day. 
LUNCH: I've been here for lunch twice and really enjoyed myself.  The service was great and the sandwiches I got were delicious!  Great atmosphere too!
CC SIPS: I've been here once for CC Sips and you can't beat the apps! The drinks are great too as they do a great job of offering summery drinks that are delicious and refreshing. The bartenders aren't bad looking either... I'm just saying....
All in all a good consistent neighborhood spot. Not a 5 but definitely a 4 :-)Their Saturday brunch is amazing. Since it was slow, we picked a table right near the window and sat back to enjoy our meal. My friend and I split the grilled cheese w/fig jam and the turkey sandwich. I was a little nervous about the grilled cheese but this is a culinary masterpiece! It was a party in my mouth! The hostess/server was extremely friendly and the prices were very reasonable.I finally made it out to Smokin' Betty's a couple weekends ago with a party of three. Two of us arrived first and were informed of their strict full-party-before-seating rule. 
As such, we shuffled over to the bar and ordered a couple cocktails while we waited. The bartender wasn't overly friendly or apparently enthused about his occupation (actually not sure that he even muttered a single word to us?) but he delivered on the drinks. I had the Pink Bogart -- a girly gin-based conconction served in a martini glass that didn't taste much like gin. It might just be the highlight of my visit. My friend also enjoyed her drink, of which I cannot recall the name.
Later, once seated (downstairs), we all generally enjoyed our food. I ordered the barbecue sliders trio and a side of mac and cheese. I wouldn't say that any of the dishes were exceptionally exciting in an "I must go back ASAP and eat ________ again right now because it was the best ever!" type of way. But, it was a perfunctory meal. I'd make a return trip if in CC and at a loss for another option.On a business trip to Philly we found this place after being turned away from another for no reservation.  What luck.  The food is wonderful and the service is outstanding.  Our table had the Turduckin burger, the chili, the salmon, and a variety of appetizers.  Definitely recommended.Every time I go to Smokin' Betty's I promise myself I'll never return.  The service is abysmal -- slow with an empty restaurant.  The servers are by in large moody and act as though you are inflicting a huge burden on them by trying to get their attention, or a cup of coffee.  I also find it maddening that they give you such a hard time about making substitutions, namely to the 'Betty Burger.'  I don't eat pork, but don't dare ask for it without the pork belly.  The year is 2015 and they really need to offer non-pork breakfast meat selections.  There are far better establishments with excellent food, service, and efficiency.  Don't go to Betty's.Someone in the kitchen is very creative and had some really amazing dishes. However, I assume because it was restaurant week, execution was a little off. Green Eggs & Ham = inspired! Especially pickled honeydew melon(?) gave just enough acidity to cut the unctuous pork belly ('ham'). Bison sliders had a nice smokiness, Calamari 'noodles' quite good as well. Mango chipotle chicken, pretty good (not great) idea - chicken breast was a bit dry, and (canned?) jalapeños (not chipotles) didn't match well. Bad news: the cheese whiz potato gratin was burnt on top, to the point I could smell it (with a cold!). Waiter brought back a slightly less burnt one, but the bottom was dry, and he left before checking to make sure it was okay. Really, it looked 10% better than the first attempt. Not worth sending back twice - it was probably cooked in a big pan, and end of the night probably didn't have another handy. He should have explained, in any case. Didn't finish it but I would go back. Still, why do places turn off quality control during restaurant week when they should be showing new customers why we should come back?
Hoping to upgrade to 4*s next time I go (not during Restaurant Week, thank you very much).
Oh, forgot to mention, cool cocktails! Pretty happening bar. That block is fast food chains + local pizzerias/sandwiches, but you feel like you're at 13th & Sansom instead of 11th! Worth the walk from the residential part of CC. Also, price/quantity/quality ratio was there (I checked out the normal menu).When on my way to this Southern BBQ joint, I was excited to start the night off with some fine Southern spirit, either bourbon or whiskey. However, the cocktail menu was short and didn't include anything remotely Southern spirit-like. Its totally cool to have pomegranate martinis on your menu but if you are modeling yourself after the South you have to have at least a few authentic Southern specialty cocktails to offer. For appetizers, we ordered the BBQ sliders which were ok. The amount of sauce poured on them overwhelmed the actual taste of the meat. It was as if I took a BBQ sauce bottle and just poured it in my mouth. My entree was the pulled chicken sandwich. Part of the chicken was cold, the other part bland. No reason to come back here.My bf and I were really in the mood for BBQ, and a friend had previously suggested this place, so we were eager to check it out! I ordered the BBQ ribs and he got the BBQ combo ( which is chicken, your choice of light or dark meat, and 3 ribs). They were SO GOOOOOD! The meat fell off the bone, and I really liked the BBQ sauce. It wasn't too sweet, which I highly dislike, and it had some heat/spice to it as well. Really good. 
There is outdoor/sidewalk seating for those who want to enjoy their food outdoors, and then there is a small bar and indoor seating as well. The decor is really cute and cozy. I'll definitely be back in the future to try other items! (fyi: Their burgers and salads all looked amazing and HUGE!)I went here for brunch recently and came away with mixed feelings. I had the open faced omelet which was good, but slightly overpriced at $10. My companion had the sliders which were outstanding, and cost less than omelet at $8. The verdict: I would go again, but would skip the brunch items. If you are interested in a traditional brunch (eggs, pancakes, etc) there are other places that do it better.I am going to refrain from writing a long winded yelp and focus on the main issues: food, service and decor. 
Food- WE LOVED WHAT WE HAD, and look forward to getting the wings, which are bound to be delicious. The ribs lacked smoke flavor, but the rub and BBQ sauce combo was a truly tasty treat. The chopped salad was packed full of flavor and goodies-- especially the super crispy bacon crumbles and blue cheese. The mac and cheese was one of the best in the city, and we are mac and cheese critics for sure! It was a creamy Gouda masterpiece. The BBQ chicken- once again rubbed and sauced- was excellent but again we're not sure if it was truly smoked. Although they claim they smoke some items overnight, there was no true smokiness. Their biscuits were toasty and crumbly on the outside and moist on the inside, yet lacking a bit of buttery flavor; they were certainly not a disappointment. Honestly, people talk about great BBQ places around the city, but this place is really great, and we will definitely be going back, especially for some grilled tasty wings. The Curious Georgia was an interesting beer-cocktail.
Service- It was nothing to complain about from our end. We ate downstairs for a late lunch where there was not a huge crowd, but we did see people going upstairs to dine. We'll check it out. 
Decor- The place is tastefully decorated and comfortable. We were delighted to become acquainted with this place. We will definitely go back, and if we have any problems on our next venture, we will be sure to yelp loudly! 
Overall we were tickled and I let my friend the Smoke Master ( of the old school Smoked Joint) know that he needs to go there and check it out. Flavors everywhere, decent pricing, and an overall welcoming and tasteful place sums it up. Go and enjoy.I want to give this place a higher rating but find myself hesitant to, it is solid 3.5 at least. The decor is minimal and sleek. The place is pretty well lit with dark woods and accents in the upstairs making it feel warm and inviting. The service was awesome, I wish I remembered her name because she served our rather large group with no problem and then split up the bill by individual like a pro. 
Now what makes me downgrade you ask, well the food is good but I just don't feel it is a value for the price. Their beet and arugula salad was nice, the dressing was light and tangy which helped off-set the sweetness of the beets. The should have opted to throw a little goat cheese in the mix instead of putting onion crispy springs on top. The cheese steak egg roll was nothing exciting or new, I was told by others in the group that it had a spicy kick to it but I was not getting it. Maybe I am too desensitized to spicy things since I brush my teeth with Sriracha sauce. I also got the Betty burger which was very large in size and had some nice flavor to it. My problem was that I asked for it to be cooked well done and it was very pink and cold in the center. So I left 3/4 of it on my plate. The onion rings were standard and the fries were even less impressive. 
Anyhoo the drinks were mediocre and once again were highly over priced - $4 was a little much for a champagne flute of light ale mixed with peach schnapps with a slice of peach floating in it (thus taking up about 1/3 of the glass so I am paying for even less drink by volume)... and it was on special for 1/2 off. So for price versus value on the meal it left me lacking... mostly in the wallet area.Heard some decent reviews about this place so I went here for lunch today. I ordered the Betty burger, while my sister got the Tur-Duck-En burger. We opted to get the $4 bucket of fries, & the side of macaroni & cheese (which the waitress suggested). The food came fairly quickly. The Betty burger was huge.  a 1/2 pound sirloin burger, confit pork belly, guacamole, cheddar cheese, lettuce, roasted garlic aioli & fried egg. Cooked medium rare, the burger was hard to eat but so worth it.
My sister's Tur-Duck-en burger seemed pretty good too. Stuffed with homemade stuffing, southern style gravy, & a side of homemade cranberry sauce. She seemed to really enjoy it.
The fries were lack luster, and the macaroni & cheese was standard. The waitress was friendly, but didn't bother to refill our cups with water. The menu seems similar to Devil's Alley but in all a positive first experience.I'm vegetarian and LOVED the veggie burger that marmalade Ooooo Good stuff everything was great except we had a huge fan blowing at our table so random we asked if they could move it and she (our waitress) moved it an inch over which made absolutely no difference aside from that everything was delish good beer selection too I love places that carry allagash beer! Would return!Went here for brunch, today.  It was surprisingly good!  Went around 12 and there was no wait - that's always a plus when going for brunch.  I ordered the smoked salmon with sweet potatoes... delicious.  The only thing keeping this from a 4 star review is the service; although I'm stereotypically impatient, this place is painstakingly slow.  Overall, great meal!
Oh, this time, the waitress was really nice.  : )So, here's the skinny. I think Smokin' Betty's is a victim of some mixed advertising. Some of the reviews below, by self-titled foodies and snobs, sound as if they were expecting a gourmet experience in Center City. I realize that this place markets itself as a barbecue place, but as a former North Carolina resident and all-around bbq lover, I try not to judge a place based on its barbecue (especially north of the Mason-Dixon). No offense intended, Yanks. 
However, give this place a shot. Smokin' Betty's gave me the single best buffalo chicken sandwich I have ever eaten. Real strips of fried chicken doused in buffalo sauce then with ranch pouring out between toasted buns. Not for the faint of heart, my friends. They can customize spice-level and are very flexible with most menu items. The drinks are decent, but nothing to write home about. I had a hot cider with caramel vodka, which was fine, but probably not worth the price. 
The service is great, the vibe is fun but nothing too original unfortunately. It's a competitive business, designing a restaurant. The Vetri's and the Vez's will always take the awards, but Smokin' Betty's is nice enough. Just let the food do the talking, and apparently, the bbq isn't the highlight. I'll try it next time and give an update - for all my invested readers (joke). 
The customers of Betty's is something strange, a balance betwen suits on their lunch break and sleeve-tattooed bike delivery agents, all stopping in for a quick sandwich. The music reflects the amalgamation, alternating in a bi-polar fashion between soft rock and mellow house music. All around, the aesthetic isn't what draws a crowd. It's the niche foodstuffs: the buffalo chicken and other lunch-menu favorites. It's not an entree place, in my opinion, so go grab a casual, good meal. Might be a nice, casual date place as well.A tad too noisy, but their comfort southern-style burgers were just what was needed. Turkey stuffing in a burger. Who'd have thought? Delicious.Good service, decent food... got the beef cheesesteak egg rolls which were delicious. For the entree, I went with the tur-duck-en burger which I've wanted to try for a while after seeing   Food Network's "Outrageous Food"... The turducken is basically a Thanksgiving meal converted into a burger  - homemade stuffing, southern gravy, homemade cranberry sauce and sweet potato ribbons. The patty itself is made with chicken, duck, and turkey.  It was good, but somehow underwhelming as if something was missing... I can't really put my finger on it - perhaps with everything that comes with it, it masks what the true star should be which is the patty itself.Terrible food and customer service. I ordered a pulled chicken sandwich with fries. I was so excited to receive the sandwich I tried it in front of the waiter. The chicken was overcooked and lacking in flavor. I requested to exchange the chicken sandwich for a turkey sandwich since I hadn't bitten the sandwich just tasted it with my fork. The waiter took the sandwich back to the kitchen and returned with it in hand. He stated that the chef and kitchen staff tasted the chicken and it was fine and that I could order a turkey sandwich but would be paying for two sandwiches. My response was no thank you and that I would rather take it home to the family dog or toss it at home. Since the sandwich taste so "great" to the chef and staff would hate to think I'm paying for them to eat my trash! My friend ordered half a grilled chicken that was undercooked and bleeding once she cut near the bone. The waiter took the chicken back to the kitchen for the chef to place it back on the grill. I'm sure heat kills germs but would hate to think someone's fresh piece of chicken is being cooked next to a piece that has been forked over. Overall would have kept walking if I .knew it would be such a bad experience. Would have had a way better meal from Reading Terminal a few blocks way.Wasn't bad bbq simple food not overly seasoned food.I would go again for happy hour small but very cute place in the heart of the city .Love this place! Very cool atmosphere, good food and drink selections. I've been here a few times and would definitely go back.What started out for the search of a good burger and sweet potato fries for my wife, made a bit of a turn when we decided to have a Labor Day BBQ the next day. I was not feeling back to back burger meals, but my wife really wanted sweet potato fries and Smokin' Betty's which was on my short list had a lot of options other than burgers. So, it was on. Perhaps, one of the best decisions ever.
At the center of my meal was the Buffalo Chicken sandwich. It was pass out faint on the ground and fan me back to conscious good. Hands down, the best buffalo chicken sandwich I have ever allowed to touch my belly. This is serious! The bacon was perfect. The blue cheese was just right. The chicken was battered and fried to perfection. And whatever this other cheese was that they melted on it, pure gold. The buffalo sauce was tasty. And, the bun was everything I want in a bun, whatever that means. Okay, maybe I'm getting carried away on the bun, but the rest was so good that it amounts to this train of thinking.
My wife got the Tur-duck-en Burger. Who thought this up? A genius, that's who. It's a turkey/duck/chicken burger. And it's loaded a-la Thanksgiving with stuffing, gravy, cranberry sauce & sweet potato ribbons. I mean, oh lord, I might faint, again! Soooo, gooood.
The sweet potato fries were the awesome. Nice, sweet, and crispy. The mac n cheese was tasty. Great consistency and some bread crumbs to boot. The potato latkes reminded me of the good ole times at my Jewish grandma's house. The baked beans were different, more of the pinto bean variety, but pretty good none-the-less.
The free refill lemonades were also very nice. The service was good and quick. Nice space as well. But honestly, I hardly remember the small details. Since leaving, all I can do is dream about a reunion with the Buffalo Chicken sandwich.Travelling through working and this is a Lovely looking restaurant. However, food came out rather slow and cold. Wine was expensive for the very small 125ml given ($9) . Fries portion size was good. Nothing too rave about, just okay food, I've had better else where. I then found out I was charged on my credit card for the full bill, when it was part cash too. I went in the day after to get it sorted and they were more than happy to help.
The service was fantastic, couldn't put a fault on that!My friend brought me here after looking up for suggestions of good food after our own tour or Philly in the area.  We came on a week night and in time for Happy Hour.  We started off the night with a Happy Hour quesadilla, a cute small dish to whet our appetites before moving onto our Betty Burger and BBQ dishes. What an undertaking. I have to say, portions are nice and flavor was totally there.  We loved every bite of our dishes and still managed to order a pumpkin and chocolate bread pudding to finish up the night and carry ourselves out of the restaurant. 
I read a review about poor service but the guy who helped us out was really great; checked up on us at the right times and gave good suggestions along the way.  
Overall great experience and food. Definitely will come back when I'm in the area!When am I going to learn?!?! 
A friend once told me not to go to a restaurant to try their Restaurant Week menu because often times the food seems mass produced. Makes sense... and it really seemed that way last night.
I went to SB with my wife last night for Restaurant Week. We were both really excited because we checked out the menu beforehand. On paper, it seemed so promising. Upon arriving, I really dug the vibe... modern, but not too pretentious... not too noisy with the right amount of background noise. 
Here's what I got:
1st course... Oyster Po'boy Sliders... really did nothing for me at all. It felt like I was eating mini Big Macs with a leaner meat. It didn't taste bad at all... just had nothing to really make it stand out.
2nd course... Fried Green Tomato salad... again, did nothing for me at all. The salad and side dressing had no flavor at all. Come to think of it... the fried tomato seemed to not really have any flavor at all.
3rd course... Beef Short Rib with creamy polenta, broccolini with roasted mushroom jus... ok, this was awesome. It was hearty, comforting and delicious. The short rib was as it should be, so tender you could cut it with your fork, Good stuff...
4th course... Chocolate Dipped bacon with Caramel corn... this was probably the biggest disappointment of the night. What we got was definitely not what we thought we were going to get. I thought it would be more refined, but it was literally bacon dipped in chocolate over caramel corn. I thought it would at least be chocolate covered bacon crushed up and sprinkled over caramel corn... nope... just my preference though.
As for our waiter... I don't even remember his name. I don't even know if he told it to us. A lot of the time, there would be an empty glass on the table and I'd have to flag him down to ask him for something. He was nice, but didn't seem overly attentive. 
With all of the hundreds of restaurants in the area, I won't be going back to SB. I didn't have anything that made me want to go back. On the plus side, my wife really enjoyed her meal. Me, not so much!!!Here's why my first visit will be my only visit. I knew from the ambiance of this place that the food was going to be cost cut and that there would be a less than fresh ingredients used, but I was not prepared for lies and deceit.
I was really looking forward to smoked chicken and I asked the waiter if there was smoked chicken on the menu. He said yes, and I asked to confirm that that was actually smoked chicken. He reassured me and I told him I would hold him to it. I only asked because of the aforementioned ambiance. I got the mac and cheese and the mashed potatoes as a side. Those were good. When the food came, I was impressed by the crispiness of the skin and tore off the wing to eat it. It was clear that this was not smoked chicken at all. It was overcooked. How do you overcook smoked chicken? I cut into the breast of the chicken and it was stringy, dry, and flavorless. And then it occurred to me that this chicken was never smoked, these people FRIED IT and then grilled it and then had the audacity to serve me this ridiculous excuse for smoked chicken. I told the waiter that this was the case, he took the plate (left my sides) and removed it from the bill. The right thing to do. I was rather bothered by this and did not order anything else off the menu and ate my sides.
So be careful what your order here. (The ribs are probably days old that they mask the flavor with the sauces and rubs, the beets are probably from a can, the smoked chicken is fried chicken, the egg rolls are probably mass distributed and on and on). They won't be honest with you here so spend your money elsewhere.Food was great! Big portions- we got the cheesesteak eggrolls and riblets as appetizers, and I have the Betty burger for my meal. I would recommend getting the sweet potato fries, as they were nice and crunchy (rare for sweet potatoes).I found this place on yelp and decided to give it a try on a Friday night with my friends. I made a reservation, which was a smart decision because the place was crowded and I think there was a waiting time when we got there. Service was very good and food was delicious. Thumbs up for the cheeseteak egrolls! We tried different meats and everything had a very nice and authentic bbq flavor to it. I was surprised because I am used to bbq places being less formal and this place is nice and the food is still amazing. I loved the sangria as well. Will definitely go back!I was there this past weekend with my fiance. He got the ribs, which came with french fries. I got the Caesar salad with chicken and some potato latkes. 
Initially, I had asked for a cherry coke, no ice because that's what I always order to drink. They said they had no cherry coke. I'm like, hello? You have a full bar? Don't you have Grenadine... but I decided to drop it, and just drink plain coke.
Then the food came out. My salad had several brown leaves of lettuce. The chicken just looked like boiled chicken that had absolutely no flavor whatsoever. I guess if you just wanted protein of some sort, it would've been okay, but if you wanted flavor, you were shit out of luck. There was also hardly any salad dressing on the salad. The potato latkes were burnt and tasteless.
My fiance's ribs, he said, were good. The fries, however, were caked in grease.
The prices were kind of meh. If the salad would've cost more, I'd be much more pissed. 
Also, considering this was about 5pm on a Saturday and there were only 2 other tables, kind of raises a red flag. 
Most likely won't be coming back.Hands down the best bbq pulled pork sandwich I have ever had. They also have really great specialty drinks that were a lot of fun trying. My boyfriend and I love coming here whenever we are looking for a place to eat in the city. I would highly recommend it to anyone!Boyfriend took me here for Restaurant Week but of course, we ended up not ordering from the Prefix Menu. We got cheesesteak egg rolls as an app. Delish! But you don't get that many. I got the Betty Burger with fries. So flavorful and made perfectly. I also got a side of cornbread with some delicious homemade butter they have, YUM-MY!!! The boyfriend got ribs/chicken platter. So good! And so much food! Very happy with this place! I came back another time for Center City Sips... it was crowded so we went upstairs. It was so hot,uncomfortable, and the service sucked. My girlfriends were disappointed since I talked this place up so much.Great spot for brunch. I went recently with a big group of friends and we all had a great time. Their cocktail list is fantastic! I suggest 'The French' 
The french fries are so worth the extra calories. I got them as a side to my California Turkey Sandwich. The sandwich was large and very filling. I also tried a bit of my friend's Tur-Duck-En Burger and that is delicous too! 
It's also very reasonably priced compared to other spots in the neighborhood.I really like this place. As a veggie burger connoisseur, I have to say theirs is one of the best in Philly. I honestly have never gotten anything else off the menu, and I've probably been here five or six times. During SIPS they had good drinks, and the atmosphere is nice. There's a lot maybe a block away on Sansom if you can't find street parking.Pros: The Betty Burger was really REALLY good! It will clog your arteries, but sometimes it's worth the risk.
Cons: The service was so-so. And the restrooms were dirty.3.5 stars!
I wasn't super hungry but I didn't want a salad and couldn't decide between the sandwiches, so I got the BBQ sliders -- beef brisket, pulled pork and pulled chicken. All three were tasty, but the brisket was my favorite by far. Texture was perfect and I wish I had more! The coleslaw that came with it was good, nothing too special. The presentation though...el oh el. Let's just say that it left a lot to be desired. The restaurant itself is really nice, bright and spacious, so this plate of sloppily presented sliders and coleslaw just looked out of place, almost like it had escaped a middle school cafeteria. But other than that, food and service were both pretty good. 
My friend got the Betty burger which looked pretty amazing, I'll probably get that (or the tur-duck-en burger which people talk about) if I come back.This place has one of the top 5 burgers I have ever had.  It's a non traditional burger, so keep your mind open.  It's not even beef.  Can you say Turducken?  It was amazing.  I have gone back so many times.
I have also done brunch here quite often.  It is must.  Try the french toast and they also have a cool spin on a mimosa that is delicious.  
It's also just a great place to grab drinks with friends.  They have a good variety of local beers that seem to rotate.Went to Smokin Bettys this afternoon for lunch with some co-workers. As I entered, I was pleased by the set up and decor- i'm always a fan of modern, hardwood, exposed wood- etc. We were seated upstairs. They had a nice bar set up and some flat screens- I wasn't really feeling the view I had from the side of the booth I was sititng- it looked to a warn down pink building on the other side of Samson- made me feel like I was looking out to somewhere in Mexico or something.
Since I'm trying to stick with my new years resolution- I only ordered the house salad with grilled chicken- It was good- nothing out of the norm for a house salad. Friends of mine had the pork sliders- they looked good and they both enjoyed them. Some other selections were the Turkey and apple chilli and baby ribs- Everything was enjoyed by the table. They had a nice variety of drinks on their menu- unique beer choices and fun fruity drink concoctions. I was boring and just went with some wine. 
Overall, I'd  go back- they had a nice atmosphere and crowd there and the food choices could satisfy anyone.Betty Burger was to die for! Best burger I've ever had, melts in your mouth. Brisket was not as good but burger was awesome:)Most of the food was excellent! However, the management was rude with poor customer service support. I would not recommend this establishment.I went into smokin bettys today with my boyfriend. We were disappointed in the service and the food. We waited a long time for our food to come out and when it did come out we were not impressed. Really sad because we thought the menu had a lot of great options.So don't take me wrong, the food is good but the service when they are busy or "frustrated " don't know how to handle it !!! Like our waiter rolled his eyes to us???? Like really oh I'm sorry your system is down but do I have to pay for it !!!!! Yes I am going to tip cuz I want to come back , I would try to sit at the bar so I don't have to deal with these shitty service .... customer service one /one : it no matter what's going on you acknowledge the customers/ client perception . Trouble: consolidation.... andI've lived in or near the city for over a decade and have visited Smokin' Betty's every now and then during that time. It was always an experience worthy of 3 or 4 stars out of 5. This weekend, we visited with some out-of-town guests that comprised an 11-person dinner party, and we made a reservation for 6pm on Friday. 
First and foremost, Smokin' Betty's is the most invasive, overly involved restaurant EVER when it comes to reservations. Using OpenTable, I had to give them my credit card to hold our spot, received two "reminder" emails in the 6 days between when I made the reservation and when we actually showed up, and I received a phone call the day of our reservation to remind that, in fact, I had one. I'm not sure why this restaurant is so overly involved in the reservation process, and I found it quite annoying beforehand. But whatever, we decided to ignore this and go enjoy our meal anyway.
Upon arrival, 8 of our 11 guests showed up while the other 3 were running about 10 minutes late due to traffic. Typical Schuylkill Expressway nonsense. Anyone from the area would understand, but not the hostesses at Smokin' Betty's! Instead, they insisted that we could not be seated without our full party and that our group of 8 also could not linger in the front waiting area until the party arrived. They were happy, however, to escort us to their bar so we could order drinks while we waited. So, to review, Smokin' Betty's does not allow a partial group to sit in chairs at a table before the whole group is there, but they are permitted to sit in chairs at the bar. Okay, so that's RIDICULOUS.
After having some, let's say, terse words with the two hostesses, we were escorted to our table despite their rigid reservation policy. Despite their insistence that they "could not even prepare the table before all of the guests arrive," they just so happened to have an 11-person table ready to go on the second floor. Isn't that interesting? 
It's also worth noting that the "full group" policy itself was enforced by two of the rudest, snootiest hostesses I've ever encountered. You'd think they were working at a swanky Rittenhouse restaurant instead of a divey gayborhood place with weak drinks and mediocre food.
Oh, did I mention the drinks and food? While I've never had a complaint about either thing here in the past, our happy hour drinks were weak and watery (too much ice!) and our entrees were a solid C-. One member of our party got a house salad warmer than room temperature; another got pulled pork with approximately zero BBQ sauce; others got undercooked fries with their meal. Service was so slow, despite quite a few empty tables, that it took us over 2.5 hours to get our entrees and a drink. Our waiter wasn't just inattentive, he was a ghost. So disappointing.
Given the positive experiences that I've had here in the past, this visit to Smokin' Betty's was absolutely appalling and infuriating. I've never experienced such rude people, from the front desk to the second-floor seating, and I've never been so disappointed in what I ordered off the menu. I was embarrassed to bring our out-of-town guests here, apologized several times for the subpar experience in an otherwise phenomenal city, and definitely will not be returning again in the future.This place was not very good- a disappointment.
Came here for Sunday brunch (which is a decidedly different experience at most restaurants than their normal operation).
Service was quite slow.  They were busy, but not jammed, and in spite of that we were ignored for quite a while after being seated.  I almost tackled the backwaiter to force him to summon our server.  Finally she appeared, and we were able to order. 
The Bloody Mary I got was very different from those described by the other reviewers: bland and watery.  It tasted like tomato juice with a splash of clamato. 
The eggs Benedict were serviceable without being noteworthy; they were accompanied not with hash browns or breakfast potatoes, but with a kind of homemade potato chip that was wretched: alternatingly burnt and mushy. 
My friends' orders (the sliders and breakfast burrito) were dull but edible. 
I would try this place again to see if we just got unlucky, but can't recommend it based on this experience.We went for restaurant week Jan 2017 and the food was mediocre at best. Also, I asked for the kitchen to omit the sour cream topping on a chili dish and they made it a big deal and inconvenience stating that because it was restaurant week I couldn't make any changes to my item. I could see if I was asking for an addition to my dish but I was asking them to leave off a garnish. To me that was a horrible first impression.Pleasantly surprised here. A friend suggested eating at Smokin' Betty's when I have two nickels and a ball of lint in my pocket. I ended up having a great time and ordered the house chili, a very delicious and fairly affordable meal. With tip I paid about $7 for great service and a good, good chili.
I'd like to come back to try their sliders but I don't know if I will seek Smokin' Betty's in the future, but at least I can give it props when I walk by.Yum!! The drinks are good and the food better. The layout of this spot is worth the visit. I went with my friends and we had a great time. I got the dry rub ribs with the sauce on the side and it was good.The best macaroni and cheese ever.  The Rueben egg rolls make a great appetizer. Roast turkey platter and salmon were perfect. 
Service was excellent. Will be back.We ordered Smokin' Betty's('s) signature surfeit of fowl, the Tur-Duck-En Burger, with a side of hunting knife in case any of the three species between the buns began squirming anew.  Someone ordered a marinated grilled vegetable sandwich--at a barbeque joint!--but he was forgiven this gaffe on account of his vegetarianism and lactose intolerance.  Someone else ordered fish tacos--at a barbeque joint!--and, to be honest, nobody really got over that.  But both dishes were satisfactory, even given their status as outliers on a BBQ menu.Ok, if you get the waitress whose name rhymes with "Crook" she is bound to forget something. I am not sure what kind of green bud she is smokng but I need her connection.  Went with 2 friends of mine on cold, dreary, dreadful night.  There were 12 people in the whole restaraunt and the service was terrible.  I have had experienced this here before (forget the ketchup, forget my water...) but last night spawned me to write this review.  
She brought out our entrees and forgot the soup...got the drinks mixed up, asked us to repeat our order.  These are all classic signs of the aformentioned green bud but c'mon Crook.  You are doing Devil
s Alley injustice by representing this establishment like this.  If it was busy I could understand but there was no one there.  On a side note, what is with waitress's/waiters memorizing the order. Please just write it down.  It makes the diner feel more comfortable.
The food other than the soups which  we didn't receive was good.  The best part is she said she would take the soup off the bill.  Thanks genius, did you smoke a blunt or doing bong hits before you came in tonight?  Anyway I am sure i will go back because I dig the atmoshpere and the food but they need to have a training sessions with the wait staff.....not a smoke session.Great atmosphere, decent service, tasty food, and great happy hour prices. The Betty Burger is DELISH. 
The service was a bit slow, but the food is great. Homemade sweet tater fries, crisp fresh salads, flavorful house wine. Their lamb sliders are UNREAL and I don't eat lamb. I would've had them as a whole burger. Seriously.
Definitely be sure to stop on by!Atmosphere is great. Food is good and portion sizes are generous. I also drank a sangria. Service was great.Good food. They seem to get overwhelmed with large crowds....They were definitely understaffed during Sunday afternoon brunch. Drinks are strong.I have been to Smokin' Betty's MANY times because it is right near my work (and just a two-block walk from Market East station, which is convenient) and I really love it.  
The price is just right and the food is delicious.  They have great variety, too, from the BBQ to salads to pizzas and there are many healthy options to choose from, if someone wants the company but not necessarily the BBQ.  
The space is neat, too, with two floors and and lovely big windows they open up on nice days for a bit of a New Orleans feel.  
I'll admit, the only thing that I feel Smokin Betty's does wrong is the bathroom - these super wide basins for the sinks let the dirty water run to the edges and not necessarily drain, which is strange.  But I don't go for the bathrooms, I go for the Q and I never leave unhappy.My boyfriend and I stumbled upon this gem last night before seeing Fishbone at the Milkboy. We got there between 7-8pm on a Friday night with no reservations.  They were very busy and we had to sit at the bar. Even as busy as they were, the quality of food and service was top notch. The Reuben egg rolls were amazing. Hands down best egg rolls I've ever had. I can't wait to go back and try the Philly cheese steak egg rolls! My boyfriend got the braised short rib tacos which were pretty good. I decided to try fish tacos for the first time. Oh. My. Goodness. The seasoning on the Mahi-Mahi fish was a bit spicy, but I'm sensitive to that stuff. Even at that, these were amazing. My boyfriend has had fish tacos other places and assured me these are probably the best I'll ever have. The red cabbage and mango compliment very well. This was last meal worthy.Was visiting Philly with my daughter to check out colleges and needed a casual, vegetarian-friendly place within walking distance of our hotel, which had given us a list of nearby restaurants including Smokin' Betty's.  I previewed the menu online and it seemed to be a good choice so we headed over.  BOY am I glad we did -- great beer selection and a knowledgeable helpful bartender, Nick, who also happened to be our server.  He was generous with recommendations but not at all pushy, and candidly said when something wasn't his favorite.  When I asked about something that WAS his favorite, he was so generous with his praise that I had to order it, and I'm glad I did -- the buffalo chicken sandwich was the perfect combo of spicy, tangy, crunchy; every bit as delicious as Nick said it was!  Daughter wasn't super-hungry and the kids' serving of mac 'n cheese was generous and hit the spot, but mine was so good I felt the need to spread the word!  My only regret is that I was too full for dessert -- everything sounded fresh, creative and delicious and I'm sure I'll regret passing it up in an hour or so!  I will definitely visit again, so you Philadelphians need to support this restaurant so it's still around the next time I come to town!The food is great, but as I type this we've been eating for over 20 minutes for a table even though we called ahead. Why? Because one member of our party uses a wheelchair, and apparently estimating the time it might take to get a table on the first floor (despite having been warned of all of this when we called) is asking too much.Service was great. Food was great. They accommodate kids well too. The Betty Burger is massive and delicious. The short rib tacos were possibly better. The beer selection is balanced and the mixers looked great. Portions are generous.I was pleasantly surprised when I ate at Smokin Betty's.  The BBQ was great and so was the sauce. I am not sure if they make it themselves but it was a thin and sweet sauce which goes well on everything. It is the complete opposite of the bottled sauce you get in a store which is thicker than Ketchup. 
They also a a great selection of beers from all over the country so if you are a fan of meat and beer check this place out.This place was a nice surprise. Its a bi-level BBQ place that offers some very interesting dishes. I had the BBQ Salmon with a bucket of fries and it was Delicious. The have a Betty's burger too, that look good but I was not to eating that much. Mainly because I was saving room for the triple chocolate mousse dessert.  
There are no shortage of drink specials here either. I recommend the hard cider or the Yuenling buth the have a huge selection of beers so why not just work through the list. The staff was very friendly and the prices fair. One not to business travelers, they give you an itemized receipt. ;)Serve brunch until three? Don't mind if I do. 
The sweet potato hash browns are amazing! I would suggest ordering anything that happens to also come with the hash browns. The cottage fries are also good but expect circular fries.I hosted an event for my organization here last night and the entire staff was amazing! Everyone from the event coordinator to the bartenders. It also helped that the food was really good! I would highly recommend Smokin Bettys!I didn't know what I was expecting but was  definitely pleased with order selection, quality of our drinks and food.Smokin Betty's is always a solid choice for brunch, lunch, or just drinks. As a Jefferson student, I have come here a bunch of times in between or after classes. The service and food are MUCH better than some of the neighboring places (milkboy). I recommend getting the chili because I love how it is served with cornbread on the side. As for brunch, the whole wheat pancakes were top notch, and even better paired with a mimosa.Every once in a while I have a taste for BBQ. Having lived in NC for a few years I learned there are distinct types even in one state, thus I ordered the trio of bbq sliders.  The sliders had plenty of meat on each one, and the meat was tender and juicy. The first one was Eastern Carolina style, lots of vinegar, the second was Western Style with the richer normal bbq sauce, and the third was smokey. All 3 were very good, but I prefer the Eastern style the best.
The grilled cheese was quite large with plenty of rich gooey cheese. It came with a small side salad and was more than enough for a hearty appetite.
Next time I stop for lunch I will make sure I'm hungry enough for the Turducken burger. One went by our table and it was really big, but looked soooooo good.
Make sure you have the address, because there is etched glass doors with the name and that's about it. It was even a little hard to find in the daytime.If Smokin Betty's was located in a small town, it would be the best restaurant around. But in a city with so many choices, it falls short of expectations.
Smokin Betty's is ...good? I mean, it's not bad. It's also above average. So I guess it's good. But it has so much wasted potential. I went there with my wife and kids and was really looking forward to a great barbecue meal. I was initially greeted with a sign urging folks to vote for the place for beat burger. This is alarming given the fact that this is supposed to be a great barbecue place. The burgers did look good, but it's not why I was there.
I ordered the cheesesteak egg rolls and the barbecue ribs. The egg rolls were good, but were served with a side of plain ketchup. The ribs were tender and meaty, but served with an average sauce. There were only about 2 options for the ribs, a dry rub or a sauce. I would prefer a little more creativity. Maybe a side of whiz with the egg rolls, a spicy sauce for the ribs? Something to set it apart. Even the corn bread was noting you couldn't get at Boston Market. The wife got the short rib tacos which were good, but a bit heavy. She also got the salad wedge, which was, well, a wedge of salad. They did take some liberties by adding nuts, which is a step in the right direction.
Also, it was cold outside and the seating downstairs would get cold every time someone would walk in.
We went there, had a decent meal that filled us up and left. But would I come back? Doubtful.I have to update. I went here for brunch with my brother on our birthday. It was a Saturday birthday brunch! I was sold on my first visit earlier in the week, and my brother loves this kind of eatin'.
I ordered the smoked salmon hash which features smoked salmon (obvs), sweet potatoes, bacon, and a fried egg on top. I wanted to try some of my favorite foods in a different format and certainly enjoyed it. I have to note that some people might not find this serving size to be enough, although I did. My brother got BBQ sliders which came with one hickory smoked beef brisket, one carolina pulled pork, and one carribean pulled chicken. He was a fan. We also split some cornbread muffins (because how could you not) for $2 which is a great price for something as comforting as cornbread muffins are!
Service was slightly slow, but it didn't really bother us. I usually don't drink this early, so I still have not tried their dranks! Happy hour, soon soon soon!While I can't yet vouch for the quality of the food, I attended a Purim event (kind of like the Jewish version of Halloween) hosted by Philly Spectrum in Smokin' Betty's upstairs lounge area that included drag, burlesque, and bellydancing, with easy access to the bar.  The bartending staff was friendly, the drinks were well-crafted, and the environment was fun, lively, and upbeat.  There were just enough seats in the performance area for everyone to enjoy the show, which was then cleared out for the dance party that followed.  I definitely hope to return and try some of the items on their food menu!Really, really mediocre food here, folks. Tried a bunch of different things while here with my lady. 
BBQ Sliders -- sauces were way too sweet. No heat, no vinegar, just tasted like Kraft BBQ sauce. Served on crappy dinner rolls. Chicken and Waffles Sliders -- this was a special. They must have meant especially bad because it was inedible. My waffles were soggy and undercooked, the chicken was dry, tough and mostly dark meat. Very unappetizing in a slider. It came with cranberry sauce which was off to the side -- thankfully -- because you could tell it was from a can. We also had the macaroni and cheese, which tasted more like macaroni and milk. French fries were hand cut but had no flavor or seasoning! Completely forgettable food. I can't speak to the cocktails, but the beer selection was weird and ours tasted flat. Overall, I wanted to like this place as it is really cute, but the food was so bad. Either we hit it on an off night or other reviewers just love bad food.We went on a Friday night for dinner, we had 7:30 reservations - we were seated within 5 minutes.  For an appetizer we had the wings, delicious!!!! For our entrée he had the roast pork and I had the bbq sampler, both were ok - the best part of the meal were the wings.   
We were originally supposed to be upstairs but asked if we could still downstairs after noticing how noisy it was upstairs.   Our service was good, not over the moon great, but good.   This would not be on my list of top places to visit again for dinner -  I have been here before for lunch and enjoyed the experience much better during that visit.My new go to place.  Went twice last week, once for brunch and once for happy hour. The menu is great, food is plentiful and delicious and the staff is friendly.  The prices are very fair.HAPPY HOUR MENU WAS SO GOOD... Sangria was a little watered down but the food was AMAZING. I will definitely be visiting again soon!Great meal. Really enjoyed it. Reunited with cousins that were in town, and we suggested a few spots, they chose this one and I'm glad they did. Great beer list, great looking cocktail list. Specials were impressive - the braised short rib mac and cheese special was decadent and delicious. The wings were tremendous - meaty and flavorful, really excellent. Our server was a great young man, really did a nice job. Only knock would be that he reinforced how the BBQ Combo platter was really big and that it was a giant portion...and while it was very good, I wouldn't say it was a sizable portion. Three ribs (and one of them was a lil guy), a mid-sized wing/leg of dark meat chicken, nice flavor BBQ sauce, all smoked in house. Two sides were good, a nice macaroni salad and great fries. Got to sample the slaw, probably should have had the cornbread muffins. Everything was good but I've had bigger combo platters at many other BBQ places. Great food, though, prices were good, service excellent, we would absolutely return. Recommended for sure!Too tasty for words. The man/woman behind the grill is all that! I loved each and every meal I had there. I was in Philly for a convention and stayed around the corner, so location was great, atmosphere was fantastic and the food was really great. I had a great salmon dinner one night and some great slow cooked pork the next. Keep up the good work, Smokin' Betty's you are all that!Food was just ok.  The stench from the streets coming in the open doors didn't help.  Waitress was prompt, but didn't know the menu well.  So many other options in the area.Dear Ms. Betty, 
You are SMOKIN!!! Wow, not a single thing went wrong at this place... ok maybe 1. We stood at the host stand for an awkward amount of time. You know that feeling, when you don't know if it's seat yourself or you just assume the host is being a terrible employee and not standing at his post to great you warmly. He finally arrived, asked upstairs or downstairs. We didn't care so he took us upstairs.
We sat near that chalkboard wall with all the specials! Good thing too!
I ordered the house red wine for happy hour and my bf for their featured beer which the server described as lemonade, it was really good. We also had the cheesesteak spring rolls that came with a chipotle-ketchup-y dip. we only had 1 cut in half for $4. But they were so good!
My bf got the turducken burger, idk if thats spelled right. I had the special 3 bean chili and the buffalo chicken quesadillas. Yea, lots of food but i was really hungry! 
I didnt like the burger because im not a fan of cranberry sauce, but he loved it!!! I loved my chili, it came in a coffee mug! with 2 corn muffins and some butter with jalapenos chopped in it, so good! The quesadillas were amazing. If you have ever had 'al pastor' tacos, thats what it tasted like.
Staff: She was so helpful! She gave us a happy hour ending warning! i still had most of my wine and she let me order another. she brought us water without asking, which is always a plus. she checked in on us more than enough times but she was so nice and pleasant that it wasnt annoying! She recommended that next time we get the buffalo sandwich, mac n cheese and some other stuff... basically, its all good.
We are def. going to be regulars! The atmosphere is cool and relaxed with a bit of hype during HH. It was loud but not obnoxious. Some standing room which was cool and they put candles on a cake for a party on the other side of the room. Overall, great time!
ps the music was great. i never find that place that just plays music i like.. its either terrible or things i never heard of. it was a great blend like alicia keys, beach boys, etc.Came here for brunch today. Food and drink were both great. I highly recommend the wings.I went here over the weekend for an early-ish dinner with my family. We rolled in around 6:30, and it was fairly empty.
While the other patrons may have been lacking, the food definitely was not. We had 5 very good meals, and the total for 5 was around $80. Our waitress was more attentive than I've come to expect, which may have been influenced by the lack of other diners.
All things considered, definitely a solid bet. I'll be going back.I stumbled into this restaurant on a very stormy day while visiting Philadelphia from San Francisco. First of all, as a California girl, I've never been in a storm like you guys have on the east coast, so bravo for dealing with those.
Anyway, my boyfriend and I decided to have brunch and spend the afternoon there and wait it out. The restaurant is very well styled with great ambiance. There are cute vintage couches, christmas lights, dark walls and exposed brick. It has a very cozy feeling, plus the 40's music in the background made it very dreamy.
The food we ordered was excellent - peaches and cream stuffed french toast, and breakfast flatbread pizza with scrambled eggs, bacon and cheese. I thought they were innovative twists on traditional brunch fare, and executed beautifully. The french toast in particular was sumptuous: creamy and fruity and cinnamon-y. The brunch drinks also had a different twist to them - instead of the traditional bloody mary's and mimosas, they had Mommy's Orange Juice (which is amaretto plus orange - which I wasn't sure would go well together, but amazingly it worked). There were also several other delicious innovative brunch drinks - of which I had many.
We finished our afternoon with a slice of cheesecake before braving the conditions outside again. I will definitely go back to Smokin' Betty's the next time I'm in Philadelphia. And I will definitely check the weather the next time as well.Ended up here after a long day of celebrating beer week with a couple other yelpers.  The boys went with a rack of ribs with bbq sauce, and I got the pulled pork sandwich.  I think the ribs were better than the pulled pork.  The meat fell right off the bone, and the sauce was really tasty.  The pulled pork had a nice spiciness to it, and the roll it was served one was perfectly toasted.
I met up with some other friends at the bar upstairs for one more beer.  All the windows were open which created a really nice atmosphere.  The service was really good too.Definitely a solid restaurant (in addition to its sister restaurant, Devil's Alley) in terms of menu and service.We came at 5:30 with a group of 6 people for a 22nd birthday. We were seated upstairs in a large booth. 
The only reason why this restaurant isn't getting 5 stars is the bathroom. I don't mind unisex bathrooms. It's a nifty idea. However, I am not ok with 3 of the 6 bathrooms being out of order, and the rest of them not having toilet paper. You have one bathroom. In my opinion there is no excuse why a very large, fairly nice restaurant can't keep the one bathroom they have clean. 
Regardless of the toilet paper shortage, we had a great experience at this restaurant. Our waiter was pleasant, informative, and attentive. We had a round of draft beers and sangrias. The sangrias were an interesting twist on the concept of sangrias, and they were really great. The features draft was 3 bucks, and yuengling for 2 dollars. That's an awesome deal! 
They also had everything gluten free marked on the menu, which is wonderful for me because I don't need to play 20 questions to eat! The only screwed up a little in that department though.  I told them I was gluten free and ordered my food. I ended up with pasta salad on my plate. I don't really care because I just didn't eat it. But, I feel some people probably would care. 
I would go back again in a heart beat.
I thought the sangria was great, the dry rub wings were perfectly cooked, and the grilled vegetables were flavorful and plentiful.The family and I were up for some bbq. This was closeby and had good reviews from Yelp. I had the turkey dinner, and it was enormous. There was so much turkey!! I barely finished half of the dinner, and it was really tasty. The family enjoyed their dinners too, and service was goodServer was LAME. We had to wait 30 mins on more champagne, we had to buss our own table because the server never picked up the plates when we were done, waters weren't brought to EVERYONE at the table, too much vermouth in the dirty martini, the burger was undercooked, the sausage gravy tasted like a Christmas tree and we won't be back.We visited with a large party and children. Part of our party was stuck in traffic so we had to wait for them. Graciously, they seated us and got us drinks and we ordered an app. However, we didn't see our waiter again until well after our fellow party members arrived and we had to ask them to get our waiter. It would've been nice to order our girls' dinner while we waited. I had a Caesar salad and a burger. Both were good. My husband loved his turducken burger. Girls had pizza and chicken nuggets with mac n cheese, which was eh at best. Rest of family liked their food. Their credit machine was down so we were given our sodas for free for the inconvenience. This morning, my daughter is sick, and I have to attribute it to her dinner. Overall food was okay, service could've been better. I won't say I'll never return but there's much better food in the city.Great place to go just for beers or sit down and have dinner at the bar. Friendly atmosphere without being overwhelming. Have not yet had a true sit down dinner here, but I expect it to be of similar (good) quality. Would highly recommend to others.Came here for restaurant week. 4 courses for $35. Got the buffalo chicken meatballs, salad, Dr. Pepper braised ribs, and chocolate cake. The food was honestly pretty underwhelming for restaurant week, and so not worth the money you pay. The highlight was definitely the Dr. Pepper braised ribs, just because the sweetness and tanginess of the soda made for such an excellent sauce. Service was spot on and very attentive, and I can definitely see myself coming back for happy hour.This is a great place to hold private events. There are multiple areas upstairs they have dedicated for different functions I have attended on weekdays post work hours. From what I understand, they will work closely to help set up drink specials for an extended period of time while bringing out delicious appetizers whenever requested. My only complaint if the food in general runs on the heavy side but I guess that should be expected for this kind of joint.  I have done happy hour here also and enjoyed the open feel that surrounds the upstairs bar.
As for the food, both the BBQ wings and dry rub wings are can't miss for wings fans. They come with macaroni salad which is an afterthought of this meat. BBQ chicken pizza is nothing special (too cheesy IMO). The quesadillas are nicely balanced and have some kick to them. I've had the brisket sandwich at lunch also which is finger licking good BBQ, make sure to add on fries for a buck.
A true staple of the Market East section of Philly, give it a shot.I've been here several times for work lunches and they're able to get you in and out within an hour, in addition to coming here for dinner and happy hour to enjoy BBQ/New American fare. Their tur-duck-en burger is a must try. In fact, it should be your go-to choice, assuming that you're feeling gluttonous all the time. I was pretty disappointed with the Betty Burger, yes it's huge and yes it's good, but... it came out pretty underdone so that can be a turn-off. Ordered it medium, the burger was basically rare and the sweet potatoes are just alright. The happy hour menu is pretty decent and the grilled pizza is probably your most economical choice and probably the tastiest. I found the cheesesteak egg rolls and well as the mac and cheese forgettable. Their sangria is delicious as are their wings. In general, the prices are reasonable, so I would only come here for the turducken burger and maybe some alcoholic beverages and nothing else.I went to Smokin' Betty's on a Friday night without any real desire to go to this restaurant.  Well, I'm glad someone else suggested it! I was impressed with the diverse menu and attentive staff.  It wasn't too crowded for a Friday night and they were able to seat our 8-person party right away (as soon as they pushed the tables together, of course). 
A member of my party had a food allergy and the server and the kitchen were very accommodating and maintained a legitimate concern. I ordered the mahi mahi tacos and they were awesome. I also tried someone's chicken quesadilla which was also great.  Oh, and the bartender accidentally poured an extra beer that they gave to us. We said no problem, we would probably order another anyway, but they offered it for free - hurray to a free booze bonus!
Everything seems to be fairly priced and the food is awesome.  We did a lot of drinking with our dinner and the bill came out lower than expected.  I can't wait to return. I'm hoping to try out their brunch!Stopped in for happy hour dranks and nom noms last night. The atmosphere is... hard to understand? It's comfortable and slick but hard to tell who they're really targeting. Beer list was pretty good... but we had wine. Menu had some alright choices, nothing that wowed us. However, happy hour food prices were good for Center City and, more importantly, very tasty! Cheesesteak eggrolls, BBQ wings, and a 6" flank steak w/ shrooms and spinach pizza - all delicious. Wait staff was prompt with everything except our check. All in all, not a bad place.First off I have to say I don't do this often - but after my visit at Smokin' Betty's I had to document the experience. Rolled up to the restaurant on Sunday with my homies and got treated to THE BEST brunch we've ever had. Our server Brahm was extremely personable and accommodating. The food was superb- the Turducken burger in particular. I recommend that anyone in the Philadelphia area head to this joint ASAP.Have a great bar selection, really friendly people, great for going out at night. Upstairs and downstairs bar on weekends and tons of space. I hear it has a great brunch too that gets kind of wild so I want to try that out!Delicious food! Had the bbq combo, dry rub rib and bbq chicken.  Cooked to perfection.  Katie, the server, was a sweetheart. Bulleitproof cocktail was nicceeee...banana peanut butter bread pudding with a hazelnut cocoa ice cream had my arteries working overtime.  Luckily, TJU hospital is across the street :-) plenty of healthy choices, it was my cheat day, indulge my friends!Good beer selection and reasonably priced, considering the location. Ordered the Smokin' Betty burger and it was a sloppy, delicious mess. Very enjoyable food and great overall exeprience.My wife and I visited Philadelphia the week of July 4th. It was our first time to Philly and it is a wonderful city. We used Yelp to help us pick several restaurants and Smokin Betty's was one. The food and service was great.Went here when we had a hankering for bbq, and boy did it deliver! i got the half ribs with the dry rub (a gluten free option at any bbq place is rare) and the brocolini side dish was amazing. the ribs were perfect, fall off the bone tender.  My friends said the pumpkin beer was an other worldly experience, and i got a mixed drink that was so smooth i forgot it had alcohol. headed back here again soon. wonderful spot!My first visit to Smoking Betty's was on 11/28/15 for dinner.  Arrived a half hour ahead of our reservation time for a party of 10.  They seated us within a few minutes.  Service was wonderful from beginning to end.   The food was fabulous!  We had salads, soups, apps, entrees and dessert.  All was delicious.Grilled chicken wings. all.day.long.
I like my wings like I like my...nothing makes sense. Forget it. I like my wings grilled, and Betty does it right. These beautiful babies come out looking scrumptious. Charred from the grill? Yes, please. Crispy, perfect wing dimensions. Silly good. The sauce on the side is from above. I don't know what it is, but I'm alright with that. Blind love. 
The draft brewser list is great. Curveball: They offer a beer flight. Take that, wine. I went for it. The cool thing about the beer flight is that you're in the driver's seat. Pick 4 beers, it's that simple. Once you find a keeper, place the order post-flight and you're dialed in. 
Laid back ambiance. Borderline hipster upstairs with the mega chalkboard and contemporary furniture. Not sure who was in control of the music...but they were laying it dowwwwn. With my friend, bobbing my head, crushing my wings, enjoying my beer, loving my life.My friend was in town and staying near the convention center so we planned to meet up for dinner/happy hour. I wanted to select a place that was both close to the convention center and had an all around good happy hour with both food and drink specials. I had been to Smokin' Betty's before for Sips so they came to mind as a good choice. As with normal Sips fashion, it had been packed the last time I was there. Yesterday it had a nice crowd but nothing too overwhelming. 
We arrived a little before 6:00 and were told we can sit at a table and still get the happy hour specials. Score! It is nice sometimes not having to cram around the bar. I already had some idea that I wanted to try the pizza of the day. When I found out it was buffalo chicken, the deal was sealed. Both my husband and I had the craft beer of the day to drink. I honestly forget what i was, but it was $3 and pleasant. My friend had the grilled chicken salad and the cheesesteak egg rolls and my husband had the slider combo. We all enjoyed our meals. Nothing really to rave about, but it totally hit the spot at the time. In hind site, I probably should have ordered 2 appetizers because I was hungry later in the evening, but it was still a decent sized happy hour pizza. 
The service was so-so. Attentive and friendly enough. We did ask our server for two separate checks but he forgot about it. 
My only real complaint was the little flies circling the dining room. I believe they were just fruit flies- the typical, unavoidable summer type. I didn't see any in the food and nothing bit me but they did fly by every so often. I think that just happens on hot days when the doors are open.
Smokin' Betty's fit the bill for a happy hour spot with good food and drink specials.I was here on a Thursday afternoon back in April with my dad and brother who were visiting from out of town. The hostess seated us, brought us menus (though not drinks menus, which confused me. I would've liked one), brought out our food, and promptly disappeared. Well into the meal, we had to flag down another waiter to refill our water glasses and bring us our check. Annoying, but he was a much better waiter than the missing hostess, so props to him for being great.
The food was pretty darn good. My family members seemed to very much enjoy their meat-based dishes, while my Red Quinoa Chickpea Salad was really all spinach and couldn't have contained more than a tablespoon or two of quinoa. A little disappointing. I love quinoa.
Overall, while the food was pretty yummy, the service was lacking (even though the restaurant was nearly deserted), and I'm not itching to return. I've gotten better service at Midtown II across the street, which is probably where I'll go next time I'm in the neighborhood and hungry.I've been here twice for sips and I can't get enough of it. Upstairs is crazy busy and crowded. I'm only 5ft tall and I even had a hard time getting through without spilling some of my precious beer. I got a chance to try the Shandy, which is perfect in the hot and humid weather. It's very refreshing and goes down easy. Also, you need to order the trio sliders and the spice rubbed wings. Sometimes the wings are a little burnt, but overall they go well with the beers and the wings are pretty juicy and tender.My husband and I were looking for last minute reservations for Center City restaurant week, and this place was one of the few that had an opening with a decent-looking menu. Luckily we were not disappointed! It was $35 for a generous four course menu which included appetizer, soup or salad, entree and dessert. We thoroughly enjoyed everything we ordered; out of eight things brought out not one was a miss. I think the highlights were the chicken and waffle sliders, pumpkin soup, pork ribs and sticky toffee pudding. I ordered some fruit thing for dessert because I thought I would be too full for something more decadent. Rookie mistake! If a choice is sticky toffee pudding, then son, go with the pudding. Beer, wine and cocktail selection was also great. We don't find ourselves in this neighborhood very often, but we would happily go back.I came here to try Turducken sandwich because I saw it on foodnetwork. It was very disappointing. Didn't taste good. and other food is just average for the price I paid for.I've been to Smokin Betty's a few times and while I love the atmosephere the food is less impressive. I've had the veggie burger and hated it. The quesadilla was probably the best thing I've had there. I've also had the veggie sandwhich and the pizza of the day which were both alright. 
The one awesome thing though is they have amazing happy hour deals on both food and drinks. Me and a friend went there for dinner and drinks and our bill less than $25.Came here last night with a large group of coworkers.  The place was packed when we got there and because an even bigger party upstairs was not out yet for our reserved time, we were asked to go to the bar.  The bar was not meant for a group our size (12) when it was already packed.  However, we made it work, and finally went upstairs.
It seemed even more packed when we were seated, and the biggest problem of the night was service.  However, it was not because of the servers being idiots.  There were only two working upstairs, and one bartender.  Bad planning on the Manager's job scheduling!  Bonnie, our main server, did her very best to keep everything moving along nicely, but you could tell she was a bit frazzled.
The drink of the nght was the Mrs. Daly - citrus vodka, sweet tea vodka, iced tea and lemonade.  The food ranged from sliders (2 of 3 were really good - brisket and pork.  Chicken not that good), to burgers - no complaints, to grilled cheese (we had no kids - what's up with that order "manly" coworkers?), riblets which were tasty, and everyone had a good time.
The bill came to about $280 for everything, and I appreciated that although they say the tip would be automatic on it of 18%, it was not added on the bill.  This is good, because Bonnie got a better tip that way.  She was really trying hard to do us well!The management and customer service was great. I had the ribs and I thought it was good. I was not a huge fan of the pasta salad, the bread pudding (too sweet), and baked beans but overall everything else was good. A friend got the Turkey burger and she thought it was good. The tuna on the other hand was more like an overcooked steak  but I was understanding because the party was a bit large. Overall, the atmosphere is nice. There is a space to have a private dining experience and I thought the prices were fair considering what you get. I think I would return. I am always a fan of good service so thumbs up smokin bettys.My husband and I can't seem to resist barbecue whenever it pops up as "nearby" on our Yelp app.  Hence, we made a beeline for Smokin' Betty's.
It's situated on the northwest corner of 11th and Sansom, so there's a lot of nice sunlight coming in during lunch.  The seating is open and airy.  My long-sleeved shirt kept sticking to the edge of the table, so either the table was not completely wiped clean or the veneer got soft in the sunlight.  
Our waiter was friendly and kept our drinks full, but wasn't super descriptive when we had a question about the food:  "What is a corn souffle?"  "It's a souffle made out of corn, and no flour."  Okay.  I eventually got enough information out of him to decide I'd skip it.  
I ordered the BBQ sliders as my meal, and my husband ordered the daily special: pulled beef brisket wrap with a with a side of hand-cut fries.  The pulled chicken slider tasted a lot like a sloppy joe...that was my first and enduring thought.  The pulled beef slider was my favorite because it was tender and had good BBQ sauce on it, but I had to pick out some thick slices of fat before I dug in.  The pork was moist, but kinda flavorless and needed more sauce.  The buns were potato buns, I think...very soft, a little sweet, and slightly yellow in color.  The small side of Carolina slaw (not the creamy variety) was okay...not super flavorful, but added a nice crunch to the sliders.  As for my husband's meal, he liked his fries, but didn't seem thrilled with the wrap.  Oh well.
There was no distinct BBQ style at Smokin' Betty's.  They seemed to take a little bit from everywhere, and the flavors we tasted today didn't wow us.  Plus, I got the distinct impression that my sliders were made haphazardly...I know sliders aren't intricate gourmet fare, but unequal amounts of meat and sauce kinda tell me that it was a slop job.
The food was okay and the service was nice, but we probably won't go back.I ordered a grilled cheese that was actually a caprese sandwich. It tasted okay, but it was definitely mis-marketed. Another party member asked for a burger prepared medium, but was served a very well-done burger instead. The service was very poor, and we had to wait quite a while to order, receive food, and pay for our check. I wouldn't recommend this place.I came here during lunch one day to meet a girlfriend.  Contrary to its usual crazy-bar-ness, it was pretty quiet which kind of felt weird, but I liked it.  We sat upstairs and enjoyed a really great meal.  I ordered the Mahi tacos which were cooked really well, and all around tasty.  Given the pricepoint, I was kind of expecting them to be bigger though?  Either that or they need a side or something.  They looked sad on the plate all by themselves (2 tacos).  My friend got the Cobb salad and sweet potato fries which she really enjoyed, and i poached some of her fries to liven up my tacos a bit.  The fries were un-freaking-real; SO tasty and definitely made in-house.  All in all, this place has me intrigued.  I'd go back for sure!  Just have to play around with the menu a bit.I've been to smokin betty's a few times. Always enjoyed what i've eaten! The hotess was a bit rude, and it was FREEZING in the front room when the doors opened (and then wouldn't shut). Ask to sit somewhere else!Good place for happy hour. Beer selection is OK, wine not so much. Food, I would not recommend. The barbecue tastes reheated everytime I go. It tastes like they are preparing this food way too far in advance, forcing them to constantly reheat. Nothing fresh about the barbecue. Sauce tastes store bought. Service is ok. Nothing out of the ordinary here. Most people go for the outside seating and atmosphere. Location is convenient also.OMG what an awesome place.The Betty burger was divine and the bread pudding well that was right outta heaven!! We even went back to get more to take back to our room to eat later! Once again Yelp got this plce right!!Food was SO bland.  I desperately sought out seasoning and nothing helped.  Half of the beers on the draft list were no longer available.  Bad food + overpriced beer = won't go back.One of the bests in center city and priced reasonably, this BBQ hangout is a favorite place to have a leisurely lunch or early dinner. The wide open windows creates a concept of dining outside on somebody's porch. The pulled pork sandwich has both quality and quantity. A good pulled pork sandwich isn't hard to find but this one in particular has a very distinctive quality about it. The servers are top notch and bring everything out in a timely manner.We had an early dinner at 4:15pm on New Year's Eve so that we could catch the 6pm fireworks at Penn's Landing.  The menu was great!  Our party of 7 tried everything from burgers to mahi mahi tacos to brisket sandwiches.  Everyone was happy with the food and service.  We will definitely be returning!!!We came in after an appointment at Jefferson being that it's right across the street. It was clearly that lull before dinner time or just a rainy afternoon (5PM). Ordered light with fish tacos, mash potatoes (had a craving) and sweet potato fries. All of it was good esp. the tacos, sweet potato fries were a little too oily. My complaint is that it was clearly not a busy time and the food took a long time and I felt like we out waitress gave us very little attention. Overall I would probably not come back because I wasn't blown away and there's simply too many places to try in philly! I am sure the ambiance and hopefully service is better during more normal hours but can't help imagine it would only be worse when it's busy (rationale, right?).Great service and drinks!  The food was good and definitely well described as comfort food. Although I've had better BBQ it was very satisfying!  I would come here again in a heartbeat.Positives: The restaurant looks amazing! The inside decor is one of the most beautiful places I have seen. The furniture is also great.
Negatives: Server was not knowledgeable of what the Restaurant's specials were or what kind of food was offered. When asked on how certain meals were prepared, the answer was: "I would say.." or "May be it is.."
As for drinks, when asked if they had Petite Syrah, she said: "I don't know, I'll look at the menu." FYI, they had a listing of 6 wines only. She also was the bartender!
We ordered an appetizer to share, to start with, and the server fired all our ticket at once, and we were served our main course with our first course.
I ordered the Risotto, which came out not cooked through and very granulated to chew on. This was a "Special" offering at the Restaurant, and I was surprised that it was not prepared right. I replaced my order with a hot dog platter (thinking they can't mess it up since it's a BBQ Place). The only edible part on the plate was the hot dog, and the brioche bun was extremely dry.
All in all, it was a very bad experience. I am positive that I will never go to this place ever again. I will also go out of my way to advise people not to go there as well.The food was great; however, the atmosphere was horrible. It was freezing cold! I made a reservation and requested a booth. My friend and I walked through the side door located on Samson Street and I thought, "Feel bad bringing in the cold weather with everyone eating so close to the door". To my surprise we were seated right by the door. We asked to be moved and we were moved down one seat over. Personally one seat from the door is nothing but hey... Our waiter came and we expressed we were pretty much cold and asked for other seating. We ended up moving directly next to the people eating at the end of the booth located on the wall. The waiter was nice and checked for extra seating but upstairs, which would have been perfect was closed and the bar was filled. While he searched the table next to us mentioned it is cold everywhere. We sat there and ate with our coats on and when the food came I was sad, because I had to take my gloves off. I wanted to order more food, but I just wanted to leave because we were freezing. I walked to the bathroom and felt great heat in the bathroom and near the bar, I actually stood there to warm up.  I left annoyed, hungry and cold. Friend suggested we should return in the spring, but why. It was cold outside, but we parked a few feet away. So yeah... Felt like a night out was pretty much wasted.Smokin' Betty's has been one of my favorite places to go and get a bite to eat before I return home from a day of walking around and shopping in town. I tell people where I eat and when I mention this place they don't what I mean. I tell them the place has been here for years and the food is good. When I want a baked pastry dessert, I always come here for the Bread pudding. It's not like how my grandmother used to make her's but this recipe is all right with me. They change it every now and again also. I've had Raspberry, Apple, Banana and this time I was having Cashew with caramel and sunflower seeds and whipped cream on top. The extra sugar I can do without but the extra time performing cardio always handles that for me plus I only do the bread pudding once a month anyway so....The Penn State game was on this day and the Cubs were playing The Dodgers. After I finished the bread pudding I stayed awhile to watch the game. I sipped some water and decided to try their Buffalo Chicken sandwich - Very good. I hadn't tried it before because I always get the burger meals so I broke it up a bit. I'll be getting this again the next visit.
 Always a good crowd with great attentive service and a good time had here.If you're considering hosting a party here don't do it..and keep in mind i have a friend who works here....
Ok i'll cover the pros and cons as there were both but all in all i thought it should have been a much better experience...I'll try to summarize
We were here for a dinner party - more than 20 of us
We were supposed to be able to pick an app, dinner and dessert at $50 a person
Had a few good things - ribs were yummy beyond that i didnt like anything else but some others may have and i just may not know. 
cons - I asked for no onions(allergic) on my pork tacos, they brought them out and there were onions (no biggie i just asked if she could take them back and get me new ones) then she told me they aren't onions they are shallots, perhaps she should read up on what a shallot is or maybe taste one.  Or perhaps she should be taught what customer service is all about (in all honesty it may not be her it could be coming from the management given other experiences that night). 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shallot
I got new tacos and then came time for dessert and they came out and reviewed every ingredient on the cake dish i ordered - really! i was like i just didn't want onions in my tacos lol too funny! I remained patient even though at this point i was embarrassed.
if it was just my poor experience i wouldn't write this but here is the kicker. One of the older women wanted a plain jane burger - there was a burger on our menu for us to pick from. She simply didnt want all the extras on it, cheese, bacon, etc I don't even remember. They told her since she was ordering something special not on the menu she could not order an appetizer or dessert. Ridiculous - and she paid $50 for this!!
never again will i come in this place...the service and or management is horrible. 
If you're ever considering hosting a dinner party here don't do it....we couldnt believe it, they were all talking at work this week about it.Smokin' Betty's is a solid spot for drinks and food. It's a large space with 2 floors and modern decor. It's right next to Thomas Jefferson, which can mean that it can be hit or miss as far as whether it's packed or pretty quiet. I prefer to come during happy hour. The $2 lagers & $4 cheesesteak eggrolls are a great deal. They also have a delicious burger. I wasn't adventurous enough to try the Betty Burger, but it is next on my list! Yummy comfort food and reasonably priced drinks are what keeps me coming back.I went here for a girlfriend's bachelorette dinner, and we all agreed that this place was awesome.  
First thing I have to say is that I'm extremely impressed by the fact that they let us each have individual checks, even though we were a 13 person party.  I come from a large family that eats out often, and I know from experience how annoyed waiters get with splitting checks, so we often just give one card to make things easier.  This wasn't an issue at all at Smokin Bettys, and the bachelorette party appreciated it.
I really wanted to try some of the messy BBQ, but me + nice event + saucy foods = me with stains on my outfit in all the photos. I'm (obviously) not a vegetarian, but I had the grilled vegetable risotto.  It was delicious and the perfect balance of texture and creaminess.  Another woman in our party is a vegetarian and agreed that it was some of the best she's tried.
I tried the glass of pinot grigio which was fine, nothing to write home about.  The women who got the pomegranate martini loved it. 
The night we went there, the crowd seemed to be a mix of millenials and young families. It's a pretty well lit place, I could see being here with my family OR on a casual date.Went back on Saturday 12/3 and got the TurDuckEn and it was really good. I don't normally even like cranberry sauce, but their's was amazing. My wife got the sliders and I got to sample a little of them. They are delicious, too.Turduckhen burger was amazing. I paired it with a beermosa. Omg this place is so good. I came for dinner one night and brought my boyfriend back for brunch the same weekend. I love this place! I'll definitely be back!Visited from North Carolina to have dinner and it was very bad. The salmon was raw, the waitress seem like she was completely disengaged and several menu items were not available after we ordered. Had the wrong salad dressing brought out and my appetizer came out cold.  Never again.Came here for my girl's bachelorette pre-party dinner and we had sucha good time! I called a few days ahead to make a reservation for 16 and the hostess stated that they were more than willing to accommodate us and will cooperate with any surprise we have planned (we didn't, but it was nice they offered). 
I got there first so I sat at the bar upstairs and enjoyed a Blonde Betty and a Dirty Bastard...i think those were the names. Anyway, it was good. When the girls got there, we were promptly seated, drinks were brought out and food didn't take long. 
It wasn't too expensive, we had the entire upstairs area behind the bar to ourselves and our waitress was so friendly and fun. We had a great time!Stopped in for brunch with some friends. Service was pretty attentive and we were seated promptly. Portions were good for the price. I had the eggs Benedict. It was middle of the road as far as eggs Benedict goes. The ham was a bit on the thin side and the whole dish wasn't that warm when it came out. Service was good to give it another go some other time perhaps.Came here for a happy hour on a Thursday night. Not sure about pricing because everything was covered.
We shared a bunch of appetizers, including wings (large and good), these mini philly cheesteak appetizers (really good), and some quesadillas (average).
For my entree I got the half chicken / half rack of ribs platter with fries. Chicken was good, ribs were on the dry side, but the fries were really good. I also tried some sweet potato fries which were good albeit soggy.
They validate parking (a few bucks off) if you park at a lot on the block.
Pretty standard American / bar fare. Not a bad stop if you're in the area.The Tur-duck-en Burger was amazing!! I don't like beef burgers, and turkey burgers are "okay" with me, but this turkey burger was awesome and flavorful -- it was all meaty, gravy-soft-and-warm, and slightly sweet (from cranberry sauce). All in a good combination. Great sweet potato fries. Regular fries are so-so. I tried my friends' Betty Burgers -- ehh, still don't like beef burgers. Beef burger meat always tastes dry and flavorless to me, and this was no exception really. The chocolate layer cake was very rich and decadent and delicious. 
I really like this place. The slightly fancy, woody interior is really nice. Our waiter was wonderful. He was very expressive and knowledgeable about each dish, saying "Ooh, that is deliciousssss!" for this or that. Very warm and entertaining.So I decided to knock off another restaurant off of my "Bookmark List" and went to Smokin' Betty's for a late lunch. First of all, finding street parking in that area of town is a bear, so save yourself some time and an ulcer and park in a lot. We had a reservation and was seated by the big windows facing the street. Anyone who's been alive for the past few weeks knows that Philly has been super cold for a while now and today was no different. Why sit us by those windows when, I'm sure you know there's a draft? And there were hardly anyone in the restaurant at the time, but whatevs. 
When ordering we bypassed the drinks and went straight for the food. For starters we had the cheesesteak egg rolls and the slider trio sans pulled pork, which were good; not outstanding, but good. For the entrees we decided to go with the grilled mahi mahi tacos and the tur-duck-en burger. I specially asked for my fries to be fried hard because of previous Yelp pics. Unfortunately I hated the burger. There was nothing about it that was delicious to me. I didn't even think about asking for something else, so I just swallowed as much as I could. I couldn't even eat the whole meat patty, so I ate the bun and the stuffing. I didn't even bother trying the fish tacos. It was one small piece of grilled fish on a healing bed of cabbage or whatever it was, no thanks. Even after all that we ordered dessert. We ordered a dish of plain vanilla ice cream and the Nutella roll. The ice cream was pretty basic so I have no gripes. The Nutella roll, however... I was deceived. It was a spring roll filled with some chocolate thing with a scoop of chocolate coffee ice cream, though I was told it was hazelnut ice cream. Not what I was expecting at all.
I don't know; I thought my experience would have been better. The service was great. Out waitress was super nice, but the food didn't so it for me. Oh well, on to the next.I finally got down to Betty's this is a cool spot. It has large bay windows and I think a couple of tables outside. A mix of seating inside ranging from lounge couches to plush booths, small tables, and of course there's the bar (upstairs and downstairs). The atmosphere is a mesh of upscale casual sophistication with many young professionals.
Rather than a meal I got a couple of appetizers (cheesesteak springrolls and buffalo chicken meatballs) and split a pitcher of sangria. The sangria was MIGHTHY TART so the bartender was kind enough to add a couple of things to kill the harshness. The service was great. We got a booth despite having a small party because it was during a down time. The springrolls and meatballs were CRIMINAL in how FEW they were. More appeteaser than appetizer. They tasted great though! I could snack on each all day. The sauce really had a punch in it. With each bite it was right in my nose, but at the same time it wasn't too spicy. That means it was done right.
Had a great time. I'd love to come back with a larger group and try a full entree. It was about as lively as I'd expect for a Friday evening. Also, it's an excellent addition to Market East.We stopped by for an early girls' night out and got in right before happy hour ended at 7pm when an assortment of drinks and appetizers are available for ~$4. We tried the Sangria (reasonably strong), the tasty Veggie Quesadillas (tasty combination of cheese and onions), and Hand Cut Fries (nice balance of crisp and soft)
Also, a shout out for awesome service - the bartender took care of us superbly even though we weren't right by the bar and checked in frequently to make sure that we didn't need anything without being over-bearing.My boyfriend and I stayed in Philly for one night for the weekend and before we hit the road we were recommended to try their brunch. My boyfriend had the eggs Benedict and the grilled chicken wings and I had the BBQ sliders and the open Omelette, the food was excellent and the service it was good. We also had the fuzzy mimosas which are to die for, they're delicious! We ordered four tequila shots to end the weekend with a bang, two for him and two for me (since we love to get a nice buzz) we found the shots to be expensive after we walked out we noticed we had a little more time and decided to go to this Irish pub down the street to get one more shot and the same shots cost us $12 and in Smokey Betty's $16. That's the only reason why we decided to put five starts but other than that, it was great!Went with a large group of family, all with very different food preferences (vegetarian, gluten free, picky eaters Etc). Every single person LOVED their meal!! There was truly something for everyone. I've eaten there a few times and am never disappointed.I have been wanting to go here for a while now and was finally able to. My parents and sister were in the city for the night so I wanted somewhere that wasn't overpriced and had a variety or items on their menu. This checked off both of those things. Obviously they have their BBQ/comfort food - which was delicious - but they also had some great salad options, vegan options, etc. 
All of us in our party picked different menu items from the Tur-duck-en Burger, to  to the Roasted Turkey Platter, to the Roasted Beet & Goat Cheese Salad. There were no complaints. They also have a kids menu and sides. I got the Pulled Pork Sandwich and wanted more than just the creamy slaw that came with the sandwich, so I ordered a side of Mac & Cheese and it hit the spot. I can't wait to come back here again and try some more food!We've been here many times in the past 2 years and have never had a bad experience. Last Friday (3/7/14) we went with a group of 5 people, no reservation, so we waited at the bar for half an hour for a table (pretty quick for a Friday night at 8:30). Around the table guests got: the buffalo chicken sandwich, the Betty's burger, the ribs entree, fish tacos. The portions never disappoint: everything is either just right or too much that you take home some for later. The buffalo chicken sandwich is seriously one of the best in the city; we've suggested it to many friends and they all agree. We always get the dry rub wings appetizer each time: AMAZING. 
We went on a Friday night but if you're looking for a good happy hour, Betty's has a good one: Mon-Fri 5-7, with a $3 draft (only one particular draft though), $4 wine, and cheap apps (the apps are smaller but are good to satisfy a craving before a bigger dinner at Betty's or elsewhere). Only downside is it can get pretty crowded at both the downstairs and upstairs bars.Honestly, food was great! But service was horrible.. we waited over 15 minutes just to have someone come over to us then apps and entree's all came out at once, then couldn't get the servers attention to get our check. We waited over 25 minutes to get our check and change.. not sure we will be back..Was here yesterday for dinner with colleagues, order veggie burger. It was ok. Asked for their home BBQ sauce and that was less then ok. Heavy oil taste. Couldn't take it. I used to eat everything and been to many BBQ places. I know it's Philly is not South or Southwest, but you've gotta have great BBQ sauce if that's what you do. 
Beer was good ... service was goodAlways really delicious BBQ and the Mac N Cheese is A-mazing!  The prices are great...I leave satisfied everytime.  I would take off half a star b/c I have had better BBQ--but overall, just a delicious meal and a great place!I was told this place had good ribs, so I checked it out. Best....ribs....in my entire life. Tender and succulent - I sound like a pig right now, but I don't care. Portion was not too large and I like that. Ambience is okay. Good for a casual bite. Need to speak loudly to be heard.This transcends epicurean evolution; yes, the Turducken Burger is irrefutable proof of intelligent design. It is truly the master work of a culinary deity, a Frankensteinian genius with the audacity to meld three fowl into one. Turkey, chicken, duck pate, stuffing, and cranberry sauce drenched in gravy and barely contained by a bun. An abomination of nature? No, rather a new tome in the bible of flavor.We were out looking for a place to grab a quick bite during Happy Hour.  We happily found Smokin' Betty's.  Great Happy Hour food selection, and good drink selection as well.  Christopher our bartender was very busy, but also very helpful.  He even took the time to write down a website for our to find things to do while we were in town.  The food was good.  I enjoyed the grilled, flatbread, buffalo wing pizza, and the veggie quesadilla.  They had a great selection of craft beers, and made an excellent martini.Went here last night. The service was fairly terrible. They didn't bring us little appetizer plates and we had to ask 2 times. The quesadilla appetizer was messy and we needed them for sure. The food looked very nice but the deliciousness does NOT reflect the prices.
I had the fish tacos for 13$. It was more like a fish taco wrap. It was just okay. i wouldnt say it tasted bad but it wasnt anything special. Also, it just came with a tiny bowl of canned black beans with little pieces of pineapple on top. again, nothing special. 
someone with me got the turkey sandwich for 11$. NOT worth 11$ although, it was very big. it did not come with a side. just an 11 dollar sandwich.
the kitchen closes at 10 and they wouldnt even serve us dessert at 10:07pm. lame.
also, there was a really weird karaoke thing happening but nobody cared. the place was pretty empty at 10:15pm when we left.
the establishment itself is very nice. just too expensive and not very delicious.Stopped in yesterday afternoon for brunch with friends. Much of the menu sounds delicious, but needing more than just cards for breakfast (pancakes, specialty waffles & French toast), I went with the Country Gravy & Biscuits with sweet potato hash. What a good decision that was, especially considering I normally choose the breakfast burrito wherever I'm at. The gravy was creamy and flavorful and the sweet potato hash was outstanding mixed with veggies and perfectly seasoned.
I ordered a Build Me Up Buttercup to accompany my delicious breakfast - it was an iced coffee loaded with vanilla vodka and butterscotch and coffee liquor. Yum! Without tasting too boozy.
Fairly priced and great service in a relaxed atmosphere.
Would love to try again for lunch or dinner. Would certainly recommend for brunch.We had a great experience at Smokin' Betty's this past weekend.  We were a big group (23) with a lot of kids and they not only accommodated us but they put up with a lot- i.e. many milk spills!  Our waiter was a saint and everyone was extremely helpful/professional.  The food was also delicious!  Loved the ribs and the steak and cheese won tons!  Fun menu and great atmosphere.The name caught my eye and stopped in for dinner after work.  Ordered a SIPS cocktail special and the St. Louis Ribs with fries and corn bread muffins.  The ribs were fall off the bone good and the BBQ sauce was incredible, a mixture of sweet with an ever so slight mustard taste.  The only knock was the watered down cocktail - Smokin Betty, was there ANY rum in there??!!Great BBQ! Had dinner here on a Saturday night. The place was not crowded and there were lots of families grabbing a bite before the theatre. 
The menu isn't very large but there are lots of great things to choose from. We split the Brisket Sandwich and the BBQ Chicken and Ribs Platter. We had mashed potatoes and cornbread muffins for our sides. The cornbread muffins are delicious! We loved them. The brisket is incredible. Wish the brisket came in a platter form because the bread was just a bun nothing special. (However the pickle was delicious)! The ribs fell off the bone and were really good. The chicken was just chicken, nothing special. I wasn't a fan of the mashed potatoes but my mom enjoyed them.
We started with a small Mac and cheese which was very good! Nice and creamy! The perfect little appetizer size for 2 people.
Our waiter was very friendly and gave us lots of recommendations. Our biggest problem was that the food came out cold. Then when we told them, they just stuck it in the microwave. The flavors were good but it should not have been cold and we expected more than just a warm up in the microwave. 
We will definitely give it another shot because the food was good enough to make up for the temperature!I came with a group of 55 people. It was 7 pm and not very crowded so I thought this would be a decent experience. First, they gave a crappiest limited menu. The choices were some pulled pork, a slab of chicken, a badly cooked burger, or a beet salad. Many of my classmates chose the burger. I'd first like to state that the burger was very undercooked. The only option was to cook it medium well, but mine was cooked medium. Some of my classmates burgers were rare to raw. Also, very little real french fries, a lot of crispy bits. When the meal was over, the bill was combined per table. I kind of understand this due to the amount of people, but it was very stressful. I hope they don't do this for every big party. Only real decent part were the separated bathrooms. Go here if you're desperately hungry and your party is less than 55.A Restaurant Week Review:
*Note: online RW menu isn't reliable*
I so badly wanted to give Smokin' Betty's 5 stars! But I couldn't... As phenomenal as their BBQ was, two things kinda bugged me:
1) We were seated fairly close to the bar on the 2nd floor. It was pretty full, and quite loud. If you have the chance, ask your waitress for a table further from the bar.
2) The womens bathroom on the 2nd floor... absolutely disgusting. Not only were 1/3 of the stalls "Out of Order", the working ones were really dirty and one lacked toilet paper. Hopefully they'll clean it up soon!
On the more yummy sides of things, Smokin' Betty's offered us the best Restaurant Week experience we've had yet. And possibly some of the BEST BBQ in the Center City area...
Service
- Our waiter was so sweet and attentive. The best service I've had in a loooong time. Thanks guys!
Drinks
- Good, yet selective beer selection.
- Fun, refreshing cocktails (try the Raspberry Lemonade Cocktail).
First Course
- Cheesesteak Springroll:
I was skeptical at first, but WOW. The spicy ketchup that they offer for dipping is realllly good too. Any cheesesteak buff has to try these. And the best part... they're 1/2 off during their happy hour! 
- BBQ Sliders:
YUM. The carolina pulled pork had an amazing mesquite zest; just the best kind of "spicy." My favorite, hickory smoked beef brisket, had a sweet and tangy BBQ flavor. Then the caribbean pulled chicken, though tasty, lacked the kind of awesome flavor the other two had. But all of them were cooked to yummy, tender perfection...
Second Course
- Soup of the Day, Portobello Mushroom & Sage:
When we walked up to Smokin' Betty's I noticed this special on their board outside. I absolutely love mushroom soup, I got so excited! Rich, creamy, loads of mushrooms :)This was, hands down, the best mushroom soup I've EVER had. For a soup of the day at a BBQ joint, I was very impressed...
- Mixed Green Salad:
Tasty, crisp salad. But the balsamic vinaigrette it was served with was WAY over-powering on the bitter factor! Some people like their vinaigrette that way, but definitely not me.
Third Course
- Hickory Smoked St. Louis Ribs:
I don't even know what to say or where to begin... These BBQ ribs were jaw dropping-ly, UHmazing. Again, I got my favorite of the BBQ sauces (sweet and tangy, hickory smoked BBQ goodness). But the even better part... the juicy, tender meat pulled right off the bone *insert Homer's drool here.* I'm just gonna leave it at that. The ribs were served with two sides, like most of the entree items, we got asparagus (perfectly cooked with a nice crunch) and... MAC & CHEESE*!! 
Fourth Course
- Triple Chocolate Layer Cake
Typical chocolate mousse and ganache cake. Nothing special. If you really want a treat, go with the...
- Chocolate Mousse served w/ mixed berries
I prefer my mousse to be light and fluffy. But Betty's thick mousse was still insanely YUMMY. The strawberries, raspberries, and black berries were key :)
Overall Smokin' Betty's Restaurant Week menu, offered an extremely tasty selection with hearty portions, for that price we all love... $35. I'm super excited to come back and try some more of their menu items!!
*Mac & Cheese: But before we get too excited, I have to admit... I was kind of disappointed. So here's the scoop... I learned that Smokin' Betty's is owned by the same guy who owns Devil's Alley (I knew their mac & cheese tasted familiar... I'm not a fan of Devil's Alley's mac & cheese either). The noodles are always over cooked to me (I prefer the more al dente kind) and the cheese sauce, though nice and thick, has a kind of gritty texture. Then instead of a tomato jam on-top, there were bread crumbs with a hint of garlic flavor to them (which was the best part of this mac & cheese). Though it has potential, I wasn't a fan...Went wednesday, early evening for Center City Sips with a small group.
We had drinks and appetizers (sliders, egg rolls, etc.)  The food tasted very good for appetizers.  The atmosphere...LOUD.  This is a happening place on Wednesdays.  I will definitely return and try the rest of the menu.I had been here many times to drink, but never ate. Finally went for a business lunch and was pleasantly surprised. I had chicken noodle soup and a pulled chicken sandwich. Both were excellent. I would highly recommend it for lunch.The space is beautiful and very hip. I was expecting a lot more though from the food. I ordered the pulled pork sandwich and it really was quite flavorless. I had to add extra sauce just to give it a little umphf. My friend ordered the Portabella sandwich and she also was unimpressed. The service started out a little shaky but by the end of the night our server was on point and did a great job. I would go here for drinks but probably not for food.Did our company party here while we were in Philadelphia.  Had a nice private room and a great menu to choose from... try the wings or the cheesesteak spring roll apps. I got the Dry Rub St. Louis ribs as my entree and realized, i'm a fan of actual BBQ sauce, not the dry rub deal, but they were cooked perfectly and did taste great... but even better after I got a side of sauce.  Also had the homemade bread pudding for dessert, and it was damn good.  I have to give kudos to our server, as we had 45 people in our party and the server at our table (18 of us) was on top of his game... we all had separate credit cards for the drinks and he "magically" kept everyone's CC's perfectly separated and  in order... mad props.  Overall just a fun place. We hung out there after the majority went home and just had more drinks.  They have a crap-load of micro-brews, so give them a try. Overall a good joint for some Philly BBQ.I have been coming here for years. The cheesesteak egg rolls are a must and, I learned tonight, the Cobb salad is also excellent. Our server tonight was very attentive. However, typically I find the service is hit-or-miss and even tonight my friend stood at the hostess stand for 10 minutes with no one ever acknowledging her; she finally just went and sat at the bar.This place is awesome!
The atmosphere is great, staff is great, and food was amazing!
We ordered the Black Angus Beef Cheesesteak Eggrolls came out piping hot and tasted amazing!
The California Turkey sandwich was dripping with avocado (I absolutely love avocado) and was a great blend of flavors.
And the 1/2 Pound Sirloin Angus Burger (with caramelized onions for a little more) was fantastic! (I didn't have a bite of this, but I did eat half of the amazing fries that came out with the burger).
Our waitress was friendly, and approachable! 
All in all a great experience!When one of your close friends is a Texan, finding great or even good bbq north of the Mason Dixon Line becomes nigh impossible. She and her bf had a recent disappointing bbq experience and were eager to find a good place in CC. 
We went to Smokin' Betty's on a Saturday evening, arriving at 7pm and discovering a mostly vacant restaurant. The interior is quite nice, we got a glimpse of the ground floor before being seated upstairs where a few other parties were already dining. Lots of dark stained wood, a sort of chic, modern take on a barbeque shack (just nowhere near what a 'shack' looks like). 
On the suggestion of a number of Yelpers, we shared the grilled chicken wings with Sam's Famous Bbq Sauce. The wings were super juicy while still bearing grill marks, and the sauce was a nice sweet but tangy recipe. The pasta salad it comes with was peppery and fresh by comparison. 
My bf and I decided to share things and to maximize the menu we ordered the trio of bbq sliders, which comes with a crisp vinegar based coleslaw, and a half rack of St. Louis style ribs with their spicy dry rub and sides of broccoli rabe (can't F that up) and flourless corn pudding (yummy! and on the sweet side). They are not kidding about that dry rub, it's SPICY! But very enjoyably so. The sliders were also tasty, although the bottom buns were half soaked with juices by the time the dish arrived. The pulled meats were tender and the bbq sauces flavorful - the pork was my favorite, the brisket was my bf's, and the chicken was really great but just not as good. Our friends had the pulled pork sandwich (entree sized of what we had) with a side of the mac and cheese, and the Betty's Burger with sweet potato fries, and I swear the entire contents of that plate disappeared waaay before I was halfway through my food - in other foods, finger-f-ing-lickin' good! Our friends love mac and cheese (and have been trying to find their favorite in Philly), but I don't think this version lived up to their expectations - although they did consume the entire small portion :D
There was so much food, it was a true feat that we finished. Afterwards, we didn't want to see meat in any amount or form for awhile. Seriously, it's the next day and I don't want to eat meat, the thought makes me nauseous. But this was good bbq, so it was totally worth it - and the price was very reasonable too! We plan on continuing to try more bbq places in Philly, but we can add Smokin Betty's to the list of tried and true places for a good, reasonable meal - with a lot of meat!I loved this place when it first opened, but have since witnessed the decline. The restaurant's standards have just gone downhill. I used to go there because they had the best Sauvignon Blanc at the offered price, and the food was pretty spectacular. Unfortunately, I will not return again. The last time my boyfriend and I went, we decided to visit them during Sunday Brunch. Big mistake. We sat outside, because the weather was decent, and it took half an hour for us to get waited on. When the waitress did finally find us, she was flustered and out of it. She took our orders, and it took another half hour for us to get water. After waiting, I kid you not, and hour and a half for brunch, I discover mold on my fruit salad. When I brought this to the attention of the waitress, when she finally checked back, she said she'd take it to the kitchen... another hour passes, when she comes to check on us again, I asked what the kitchen had to say. In an obvious measure to cover up the fact she had forgotten to bring the matter up, she said it was an apple core... An. Apple. Core. I am not a food snob, I tip 30 to 40% on any check, and I DO NOT send food back EVER. I work in the business, and have since I was a teenager, I know things happen, but to be blatantly disregarded and ignored like that really upset me. I asked to speak to her manager (another thing I never do) and she said there was none. I said, well can I speak to your head chef? (S)he wasn't there either. The bartender? The head waitress? No one was available. I was being dismissed because she did not want to get in trouble. I understand she could have been busy and the restaurant could have been understaffed, but that is inexcusable. I have since not returned after almost a year. It's not worth it.Smokin' Betty's, please stop making me dream about your ribs. Your fall-off-the-bone meat, decadently drizzed in some fantastic brown sugar BBQ saucey concoction's flawlessness has got me in a choke hold. I want to eat them for every meal for the rest of my life. It is likely that none of that made much sense, but neither is the fact that I think that when I dip the sweet potato fries in the whipped sweet potato it tastes like french toast.Great food and even better choices to pick from. 
I went in and had the best, walnut, pistachio, goat cheese salad & it was amazing!!!
Cat & I had the smokin Betty burger and it was SOOOOOO GOOD! 
Enjoy and give this place a try...
Con: service was in fact slow and it did take a little while to come out... The food made up for the wait :)There was a Small But Mighty Knight Arts Challenge event going on at this place, so I decided to stop by and support!
I'm not sure if these are an all the time thing, but they were serving Cream Soda cocktails with Art in the Age Snap, vanilla simple syrup, and ginger ale....they were amazing!
We split an order of the slider appetizer and they were really good!  Tender meats on perfect little buns with a side of some bangin' cole slaw.
I will definitely need to come back to this place and explore more of their menu and things!Underwhelming. Had Sunday brunch there, an experience saved only by the company I had with me. Positives: the space was open and airy, with tons of room between tables and an interesting layout. And a very solid bloody Mary. Faux pas #1: waitress, I hadn't seen these people in months. Give us a second to catch up without giving us the 'tude! Número dos: a hard omelette. "tough" is the only word in had to describe it, which should never be an adjective used on eggs. This "omelette" came with prosciutto, equally hard and flavorless, and mozzarella, also terribly chewy. Problem #3: biscuits and gravy. Maybe we're just idiots to try biscuits and gravy outside the confines of the south, but for me, this was just a total miss. The biscuit was too soft and the gravy had no definable flavor. All in all, not a memorable brunch, and I've heard equally underwhelming comments about lunch and dinner.Always a happy experience - great service and well prepared, fairly priced food.  I've enjoyed happy hour, especially the quesadillas, and  I've enjoyed dinner, especially the barbecued chicken.  But tonight was a new experience. My 3 and 5 year old grandchildren were visiting (along with their parents!) and we needed a place where we could all be comfortable and relax over a good meal.  Betty's was perfect.  I had been there many times and never knew they had a children's' menu! They do, and the choices were perfect.  Our server was amazing and even got water in paper cups with a straw for the kids right away.We were there Saturday early evening on 1/18/2014 and I thought it was very good and I would definitely go back.
Pros:
- parking is very easy/accessible
- got the burger with fried egg and it was very filling, loved the fried egg, sweet potato fries were good
- beer selection and prices were good, about $18 PP total for dinner
- LOCATION/AREA seems very safe
- cheesesteak egg roll appetizer were very good
Cons:
- bathrooms were unique, but clean and they worked so no real complaintsAnother awesome spot! Was in Philly a week and went to Devils Alley where the staff recommended this if we crossed town! The menus are similar but the atmosphere is different! And Smokin Bettys has 16 beers on tap all the time! We had a great time and most importantly great food on our visit! Thanks Smokin Bettys and Devils Alley! We will be back soon.