This happened to be one of the best pizzas that I've had in a really long time, that was outside of New York City. I love the neighborhood and to find a location that also has gluten-free pizza which was important to one of my friends, it really helped nail the decision to come. I love that for $7.99 you can get a pizza that will fill you up because you could have as many toppings as you want. You're not limited in the number of proteins or veggies or extra is just whatever you want. Yes I even got edamame on my pizza so you have to try it!Can't say Snap has lived up to it's hype for me. It just seems like a "hip" place without any real substance. The first time I went, the ordering process seemed disjointed and chaotic. Why does it take 4 people to process your order? I got the SoCal salad. Nothing to write home about and I got a few chewy pieces of chicken in there. Bleh. Their pizza did look good, so I went back the other day to give it a try. It was less busy then, unlike last time which was a plus, and made the order process go a little smoother. I was in the mood for some kind of veggie/ricotta pizza so I ordered the Farmer's Market pizza. I was extremely disappointed. I think it was something with the roasted garlic, I don't know if it was burnt or what, but it was all over and every bite had this awful, mouthy, gritty taste of it and combined with the lemon oil, that made it even worse. And I love roasted garlic. With the exception of the ricotta, the rest of the ingredients were pretty bland and forgettable. Considering all the fantastic food downtown, I'm not sure I would go back here, let alone recommend it.Can't get enough of this place- LOVE the pizza here. And they have gluten-free pizza, so that's a huge plus for people with celiac. The staff also change their gloves when handling gluten-free dough, so while it's not a complete gluten-free kitchen, they do try to minimize contamination. I can't decide which one is my favorite pizza, but I will say The Good Egg is one of my favorites. The crust is so crisp. One pizza will fill you up for lunch. Haven't had salad here, but I come here for pizza. By the way, the pizza is great quality for the price you pay. 
Yes, it does get busy for lunch, but the line does move and the pizza is so worth the wait. I think the most I've waited was about 15 minutes. Once you order, it'll only take about 2-5 minutes to get your pizza.Stopped by Snap on Samson late night after a work function.  The workers are so sweet and welcoming.  The pizza was light and amazing. The salads are delish.  The gourmet sodas are even good.  Love it!Definitely did not did not disappoint. This is now the 3rd location I've been to. Food food and more food. Came in the other night. Loved the lights and look. Great gentrification move from the last restaurant here. The Diavolo pie, SPICY but excellent. Compliments!!!! Customer service was great, very attentive to my wife and her needs as she has this new GF thing going on. Definitely will be back.TLDR: go here if you like customizing your food and want something relatively light and cheap 
Tips: On Wednesdays you can receive a complimentary glass of wine with your order. 
The best part of this place is the ability to customize your pizza with lots of fancy ingredients (think balsamic vinegar, pineapple, arugula). They also have pre-selected options for pizzas and salads, if you don't want to think too hard about your order. 
A custom pizza will set you back around $9-11, and portions are okay. You'll leave feeling full but not stuffed, and most likely with no leftovers.Very good pizza place for a great price. They serve personal size pizzas that just hit the spot. You walk down the line and choose your REAL AND NOT FROZEN toppings like
House-made mozzarella cheese
Fresh tomato sauce
Sweet Italian sausage
Fresh chicken
Fresh spicy broccoli
Non canned black olives 
And then pay for it
A nice little plus too, is instead of big brand soda companies at the fountain like Coke or Pepsi, they have a local "microbrew" soda provider that has no high fructose corn syrup and has natural juices as well.
All in all, just blown away and will be returning.Second time checking out Snap Pizza. I first went around the time they opened and were offering a discounted pizza deal. The line was a bit long but once I ordered I got the food fast. Today I wanted something quick for lunch and figured I would go to Snap and get a pizza. I love how their pizza, salad, and bowls can be customized to anything the customer likes. They have a great selection of toppings, gluten free option, and a variety of house made dressing. I wasn't in the mood to be difficult and just wanted to grab a quick bite. So I ordered their  Mexique (pronounced as Mexi-Q) signature pizza. It consisted of "all natural chicken, BBQ sauce, carmelized red onions, poblano peppers, mozzarella cheese and cilantro Lime Crema. The line was short & I went around 1pm so the whole ordering, paying, & getting my pizza took 10 minutes. The pizza was delicious, it's a personal size so it was definitely filling for me. The service was excellent too, the staff was very friendly and attentive.Came here first with a friend who showed me. It's so cool, you just order a pizza and you can pick out all your toppings from their selection. Tastes great too and not overpriced !Fantastic service prices and quality! There are endless combinations of pizza toppings at no extra charge!  If you love pizza, this is a place that will keep you coming back! Only downside is the limited seating.The service was quick and friendly. The food was good and reasonably priced and the sodas were too. 8.00 for your own pizza or a signature pizza. They also sell salads. I will definitely come back here.As someone who takes pizza very seriously, I can't say enough positive things about Snap. The staff is always friendly, the ingredients are always fresh, and they make it easy to customize your meal to build the superior pizza of your dreams. 10/10 would Snap again.Entered the building close to 6pm because my munchkins were craving pizza, we were greeted right away. We checked out the menu and placed our order; kids cheese pizza, Margherita pizza,and a specialty pizza called the Mexique. They make the pizza right in front of your face and you have the option to customize your own personal pizza. We watched our pizza go through their own and viola fresh pizza in less than 10min. After the first bite my son shouted "THIS PIZZA IS MY NEW FAVORITE PLACE". I mean he's a bit of a pizza snob ‍. This great compliment he offered earned him some free chocolate chip cookies which were very soft and delicious. I definitely agree with him it's a great place to get pizza, and will be back.Ordered the Good Egg:  mozzarella, provolone, sausage, spinach, and topped with a red chili oil.  It's amazing that you can get a quality pizza in a matter of minutes.  
I'd definitely get this again, but would request to remove the chili oil.  I'm the type of person that usually dabs away the grease off a pizzaI love this place. Eight bucks for an amazing custom pizza?! Free wine Wednesdays?! An array of pizza pastes, oils, toppings, and more?! Amazing. Meals can be customized without extra charge, and the suggested menu items are delicious as is as well. Staff are also quite friendly.Loved this place ..Just the right size ..great variety of veggie toppings. .sauces n protein n cheeses 
All very very fresh and bountiful .
Cooked just right n so fast like  3or 4 min ?,
Super clean shiny n new ..salads n grain bowls too 
A real bargain at $7.99 
Only gripe no fresh garlic offered ..however the topping  selection is endless so its forgivable 
wish they did a large for a few dollars extra 
Watch out neighboring pizza jawns y'all in trouble lolI give it three stars based on two separate experiences. I got the good egg pizza both times, first time it was awesome, I'd give it 5 stars! Went back a second and ordered the same thing, the toppings were put on haphazardly (chunks of sausage on the crust instead of the actual pie) and it was so greasy and oily I couldn't pick up a slice without the toppings falling off, super disappointed....maybe third time is the charm?This sounds crazy, but this is actually still one of my favorite places to get pizza! It's relatively fast and it's cheap! I like that they have so many options and combinations. I made the mistake the first time coming here getting a premade pizza from there menu, but I highly recommend just looking at the toppings menu and getting creative. You can also combine sauces which is awesome!. Like them on facebook and keep an eye out for their deals, because sometimes pizza is super cheap and there is free wine on Wednesdays.As a sufferer of the dreaded Celiac Disease, Philadelphia's pizza menus have left a lot to be desired. Snap has changed the game. I have been eating here for a year consistently, and never once have I had an issue of cross contamination. Out of the masses that serve Center City, the staff here is easily one of the best at working under pressure. Even in the middle of lunch rush, between standing in line with 20 other humans making custom pizzas and salads, and my pizza being made off line because of allergies; my food was to me within 15 minutes of walking in the door.
Not only is their option for my gluten free crust incredible and affordable, their entire ingredient list is off the charts. Farm to Table freshness is always something I've come to expect, and it wouldn't be snap custom without eating it from a charming wood cutting board in their charming wood and metal filled space. And since you can customize your pizza with an immense variety of these fresh ingredients daily, which is not something you get often in Center City makes them a rare gem indeed! Local Sodas without HFCS and other additives are in the fountain, and you can always stop by for a Wine Wednesday to eat in! I highly recommend them to anyone looking for good eats at a good price with gastro restrictions, or just in general!I know I seem nuts, but this pizza and my toppings and that manager and those flavours make this a main stop, every-time I visit Philly. 
It's so good- their gluten free crust is fantastic. 
Also tip your pizzaristas, they work so hard to listen to your every whim.I love this place, but one thing that grosses me out is that they use the same gloves to make my pizza after they just put all the meat ingredients on a pizza before mine. Bacon and sausage on their hands followed by a veggie pizza for a picky vegetarian.. I never say anything because I don't want to be this annoying weirdo lol but it sooo bothers meWe had a great experience!! Chuck is amazing and so thoughtful. Great fresh food and free wine on wednesdays!! Custom salads were on point. Absolutely come and try it!I came for the first time today. I ordered a custom made pizza. I had marinara, mozzarella cheese, parmesan cheese, broccoli, roasted green peppers, spinach, mushrooms topped off with chili oil. It was one of the best pizzas I've ever had! I will be back!It's really good salads. I've been using willpower to avoid those delicious pizzas. 
I might break my diet and get one today though. I can't take it anymore. 
Idk why people are bothering putting raw spinach on pizza in those pics. They think it's ok to eat a whole pizza if spinach is one of the toppings?
Lol 
Spinach doesn't go on pizza. 
Fkn hipsters.Like the idea of custom pizza and salads.  I think they have to slow down taking orders until ur actually aable to see the options to put on ur food and jot have to shout ur order over ppl in the long line. Nice drinks as well.Part of the trend of adapting the Chipotle-style, build-your-own concept to pizza, with fine results. Just like there are certain musical instruments that are tuned so that no matter where your fingers land, a pleasing sound emerges, it seems all the ingredients are calculated so that whatever you throw on your pie harmonizes with everything else. In my case, I got a regular crust, topped with herbed cream, shredded mozzarella, pepperoni, (tiny, diced) meatballs, mushrooms, braised onions, with arugula and a drizzle of truffle oil on top, and it was delicious. The fun will start when I come back and experiment further.
Attentive, friendly staff as well.I went with two of my coworkers there for lunch today and was very impressed by the food and fun facts in this restaurant. First of all, a good quality DIY pizza for just 8 bucks, it's pretty fair. On top of that, the people work there are very generous and you can always ask for extra ingredients!! What's more important and also making me so happy is that the pizza is super well done and so fresh. Now I have to take my husband there who is a pizza fan! Another perk of eating here is the wait time is reasonable and they make pizza like in 5 mins. Very impressed!! The only reason I didn't give them a five star was they charge me extra 4 a cup of water which should be free. Other than that I'm a happy customer overall.My go to pizza place for a quick dinner. Snap is the chipotle version of pizza. It is fast casual and you can customize your pizza with any toppings and sauces. There are also salads there but pizzas are by far the best option. The space is a little small so during peak times like dinner or lunch it's hard to get a table and you are better off getting your food to go. The service is always great and really fast.Ate lunch here with a friend. Both got an individual pizza off the menu and it was delicious. I had the margarita and she had the Kennett Square. There was seating and prices were good. Would highly recommendGreat pizza! Free wine on Wednesdays! Kid friendly!! Soda is killer! I had the mexique and it was amazing. Kid pizza is 4.99 with milk or a fountain beverage! Deal!Really delicious, fresh pizza! I had never heard of this place but will definitely be coming back with friends and family in the future. You can custom create your own pizza or order one off their signature menu. Very affordable as well. One thing really put me off though... I placed my order (Bianco Verde) and went over to the register to pay. The female employee is ringing me up while the male employee makes my pizza. After she swipes my credit card, she flips the screen around to display a 'tip' screen in which I was to select a 15%, 20%, 25%, custom or no tip. I thought it was a bit awkward and inappropriate, and I've never had this happen at a counter-service establishment before. As an ex-waitress, I'm always very generous when tipping, but if management feels their employees should be making more money, they can increase their hourly wage. The extent of tipping at a counter-service food joint should be nothing more than a small jar next to the cash register. Putting customers in a position to choose a tip option in front of an employee (who will be handling the customer's food) in a traditionally non-tipping business practice (counter service) is awkward and unnecessary. If this was a local establishment, it might even dissuade me from coming in often - I go to one local pizza place 2-4 times each week; if each time I had to select 'No Tip' in front of the employees whom I've become very familiar with, I would find a new place to order from.This place is amazing. The staff is so kind and fun and friendly, the toppings are fresh and tasty, and you get to eat your delicious pizza on a beautiful wooden tray! I ordered the farmers market pizza and added extra sauce, olives, corn, and sweet potatoes. It was spectacular. 
$8 for your favorite pizza. Do it. So good.Philadelphia is not known for pizza but for once I was superbly pleased with the service the pizza and being able to for was having a decent pizza and I didn't have to go to New York City for itThis is hands down one of my favorite pizza places in Center City. I was always a loyal patron to Pietro's but after ordering a custom pizza here I'm genuinely hooked.
I order marinara, shredded mozzarella, pepperoni, mushrooms, and fresh peppers then top it off with basil and chili oil. It is truly divine.
Other pizza shops in the area include Slice and &Pizza but they will disappoint you.The food is always delicious but the process of ordering is horrendous. The place is small and gets super crowded/loud during rush hour which makes it super difficult for them to hear your order especially over that tall glass. They always have plenty of people working there but even still, it's not pleasant unless I go right when they open or take a late lunch.I love this concept, having been to blaze pizza in Chicago and pieology in Berkeley. Finally there's one in Philadelphia and it is quite good. Their crust still needs some refining (as of when I tried it), but it's cheap and fresh and good!Snap pizza is special in that you get unlimited toppings. But if you put too much, it becomes an extremely soggy pizza. If you don't put enough, it tastes kind of like a cheap store bought pizza. I know it sounds counterintuitive because the salad is actually more expensive, but I would stick with that. You get to taste the freshness of the ingredients and can enjoy a lot more of the toppings they offer.Snap Pizza is without a doubt my favorite pizza place in Center City. Not only does their pizza look good and taste good, but it's also good for you & good for the environment! Plus, the employees are always friendly and courteous. I always get the same custom pizza that I've honed and perfected over the years, and I always find it incredible that no matter how busy it is, they always get my order completely correct. 
More importantly, I have a number of food restrictions that I have to be very careful about. The most comforting part of Snap Pizza and one of the big reasons I'll keep coming back is how meticulous the employees are when it comes to food restrictions. I've talked to one of their supervisors/the assistant manager: Joshua, and one of the other employees, Dria, about how important this is for many people. If you watch carefully, they make sure to put on new gloves when they're switching between two different pizzas. They take extra care to keep the gluten-free pizza crust separate from the regular crust. Actions like that demonstrate that those of us with food allergies and restrictions are safe coming to a place like this.Great find in center city with great service and really tasty, high-quality food. I had the salami and sausage pizza and especially liked the meat and sauce.Very friendly staff and loved that we could get freshly made pizzas served to us within ten minutes. We tried the Bianca Verde and the Kennet Square both of which were excellent. I wish they sold the cookies by the piece rather than only allowing you to purchase a bag of six.This review is for salads only. I have given this place 3 tries and every time I am less than satisfied. Today I went back to try the Med Salad which is supposed to include cucumbers, tomatoes, peppers, chick peas and feta cheese. I asked to add edamame which they left out and there was no feta cheese. I also wanted the dressing on the side and instead received an extremely over-dressed salad. 
I basically thew the whole thing out. They do have really good rolls and the pizza looks good, but I won't be ordering a salad from there again.My new go to for pizza!   Took my 10 year old son who loaded up his own pie from their wide assortment of toppings, the girl behind the counter was great with him, giving him some good suggestions.  He loved it, said it was the best pizza ever!  I stole a slice from him and have to agree.  The crust was thin and crispy, browned perfectly.  I had a salad which I made custom and it too was really fresh and terrific.  Can't wait to go back!I have a confession to make:  I love this place so much that there have been some weeks when I've eaten here every day of the week for lunch -- as in, I have eaten one pizza per day just because it is so delicious, the flavors are clean, the ingredients are so fresh and amazingly affordable and prompt.  My favorite is the Kennett Square -- herb butter on delicate yet crispy crust, covered in mozzarella and mushroom THEN after coming out of the oven dusted with arugula, goat cheese and truffle oil.  I am drooling as I write this.  The staff is great, friendly and always keep the long line moving.  You can customize your own pizza and salad (which is also phenomenal) but my go-to is the Kennett Square! Thank you to SNAP kitchen for giving me something amazingly delicious for lunch every day.Simply put, this place will make your mouth - and wallet - love you!
The staff was great and the pizza was even better. An incredible array of fresh selections to customize your own pie. Any arrangement you want you can pretty much get it there. And those toppings are unlimited. All this for pretty much under $10. #Winning!
If you can't think of what you want they have several (7 or 8 if memory serves) predetermined pizza selections. From the awesome Sweet and Low to the spicey Diablo. Either way, you cannot go wrong.
The pie is a very good size. It will easily fill you up with possible left overs or could serve two without any problems.  
A word of warning however, at times it can get very busy and the space isn't very large so seating can be an issue. There is plenty of space to enjoy your pizza but again, seating can be an issue.
So, head on in to Snap, grab a pie and a seat and sit and enjoy! Your mouth and wallet will thank you!Really good food and lots of options. It's like Chipotle, but for pizza and its very quick. Our pizza took not more than 5 minutes.An example of a great concept, well-executed.  Go with some of the pre-suggested versions, because they are a thoughtful combination of ingredients that work well together.  If you try to "build your own" you may suffer from "too much choice," and end up putting all kinds of things together that may or may not be so compatible.  My wife does that every time, and ends up eating half of mine!Can't say enough good things about the workers, the concept, the ingredients, and the end result. 
Serious perfection.Build-your-own pizza made while you wait.  One of the best pizzas I've had in Philadelphia.  Fast, friendly service too.This is probably my favorite spot for pizza in the city. The experience is nice as you build your own pizza from foundation, sauce, cheese  to all the toppings. Chuck and Davis (Chuck D.), 2 employees at the place provides you great customer experience and even stayed a little over closing time until we finished eating.Awesome. I want to come back to Philly to eat here again. Forget the Steak and Cheese sandwiches. Forget room service at the Ritz Carlton. This place is the bomb dot com. Absolutely the best margharita pizza I have ever had. Wow. I cheated and added pepperoni slices to the order but hey, it added to it. Clean, friendly service and tons of options for toppings. Check it out!Good clean fast personal pizzas. Reasonable price. Responsive to gluten free restrictions. Chefs and cashiers friendly. Nice ingredients combos or build your own. Really enjoyed itGreat food (if there is anything left) but terrible service. Staff is rude and openly yell at each other. They don't tell you when they're out of certain ingredients in your order until you halfway down the line.Really wanted to love this place but the dough just doesn't cut it - a little card boardy.  I also went in the evening when it was very busy with all the students and they didn't seem to quite have it together.Great pizza all the ingredients are fresh the staff is is cool.
There isn't enough seating after a certain time and no to go boxes but the pizza is so good you don't need those things. 
It's gets crowed around club let out but they still move pretty quick I got two pizzas and was out on less then 10 minutes it's worth a tryI'm eating here now 3x/week--the pizza is so delicious and cheap! I hope I don't get fat! Extremely clean restaurant, very friendly staff and most importantly, high quality pizza. The toppings are included in the price and you can choose from vegetables, protein/meat and extra fixings like arugula and ricotta. This pizza tastes amazing and I also really like the natural sodas that they sell as well.
Best pizza ever and I'm originally from NY!I love this place! I literally came two days in a row! It is sooooooo good and fresh and the staff is so friendly and helpful and always nice whenever I come in. It is always clean as well and you get your pizza in about 5 minutes! I could eat this everyday!! I'll definitely be back again.Took a group of friends out for a pizza party, everyone new to this place loved it! Those who been here before, all knew what to order. 
Fantastic staff, great service, the people here are always helpful and very friendly. 
Even the most picky of eaters will find some enjoyment here. If you love pizza, you will love the menu and their creative options offered when selecting a custom pizza.Love! Service was exceptional. As for the pizza, the toppings were on point and the best part unlimited. We also ordered a salad with unlimited toppings and free refills. Definitely coming back.The staff is terrible. Food is good, if they happen to be paying attention enough to make it correctly, but it's too expensive for such lousy service.DELICIOUS. I'm in Philly for work and wanted to grab something semi-healthy for dinner to enjoy in my hotel room. Went for the Thai Crunch but did it as a bowl, so I got some good added protein from the quinoa and made it a bit more filling than a salad. So fast. So fresh. So satisfying. I'll try the pizza next time! Absolutely recommend and it was bustling on a Friday night, but my food was still ready very quickly! Big fan.Snap is a very unique pizza experience. For 8 bucks, you get a decent sized pizza freshly made with some great non-traditional toppings like pesto sauce and arugula. Service is a little slow, but is expected since they're making it right in front of you. Restaurant can get cramped at busy times as well since it's not too big.
I would recommend getting a different sauce for your pizza (i.e. Pesto), as I thought the normal pizza sauce was a little bland compared to others. Overall, great experience though.Great salad for the price! I ordered the "Craizin" salad and it was delicious. Added chicken and changed greens to arugula and spinach - still same price. Under $10. Will be back! Oh, and the staff were SUPER nice. Refreshing and really makes a diffedelicious pizza; good seasoning; great crust.   fun place to go.  had 5 year old with me and she loved her personal pizza.
did not have to wait.  probably would around noon lunch hour in center city.
definitely will return.
the doorman in my building said it was his favorite pizza place.......and he likes to eat!I went there today and tried 2 pizzas - one straight from the menu and one custom. It is a casual pizza place with the greatest collection of vegetarian options for toppings. Things that impressed me most are the choice of sauces - basil pesto being my fav, artichokes, Brussels sprouts, edamame, avocado, poblano peppers  and great quality mushrooms in the choice of toppings and of course the choice of dressing oils ranging from lemon, truffle to my fav chili oil. The quality, quantity and variety of cheeses are sure to make you happy - my suggestion - try the goat cheese :) I will try their egg pizza next time I am there.These custom pizza stops are becoming more and more popular, and have become my favorite stop for a good pie... Snap Custom is by far my favorite! I'm more of a traditional pizza type of guy, but they had everything under the sun, and actually almost tried one of their signature pizzas. The tomato sauce is so good, tons of fresh toppings, and noticed they offered wine as well. Staff is super cool.  Not a lot of seating if you happen to stop by at a busy time, but if I lived here, I would definitely make this a frequent stop.  Would love to see one of these pop up in CO!This is pretty good!! the 1500 block of sansom has so many cool restaurants and this is a nice place! the pizza was pretty good, i got the margherita. it was very oily though, i think they threw a ton of olive oil on it. but it wasn't a greasy pizza as you can see in everyones photos. i'll be back hoes!!!This is my first time visiting this place and I ordered a custom pizza and it was delicious!!!
Why I gave it 3 stars?! 
The employees were not paying attention to the hygiene part! The person who made my pizza was wearing gloves but!! touching everything with it! open the doors, carry stuff, handling money! it was really annoying and that wasn't the horrible part yet! its the person who handle the dough!!!!! oh god she was bare hands and do everything from cashier, to finish up the last touch for the pizza to touch her hat, keep going inside and come back touching the door and just play with dough and chitchat. I noticed all that when im almost done with my pizza after I put my phone down and start looking around!! Its sad because the pizza was good is just I cant go back again.Great gluten free pizza! Staff was knowledgable of gluten containing ingredients and took precautions to prepare my pizza separately. My only fault of the place was that there was a pit in my kalamata olive that I bit into.UNLIMITED pizza toppings for only ~$9?!? Amazing. The pizzas are personal sized. A lot of people take their lunch breaks here with colleagues. It's fun to get 2 pizzas and share. The truffle oil, lamb meatballs, and sweet Italian sausage are all particularly delicious. Each pizza takes only about 3 minutes to cook, but the line is long during the lunch hour. But well worth the wait!I love this place. I come here probably once a month, if not more. Their salads are absolutely amazing and blow everywhere else out of the water (here's looking at you saladworks). And those delicious little rolls? Heaven. 
I have only one complaint. And it's a minor one, at least as it pertains to me. I have a few mild to moderate food allergies, nothing life threatening thankfully. The worst and most sensitive of which is onion. It won't kill me, but it really ruins my day. I always make sure to order my salad without onions, and I have never received onions in my salad thankfully. But here is the problem. The workers here use their gloved hands to add toppings to salads and pizzas, as opposed to tongs or scoops. I get that it is easier this way. But on many occasions I could taste the cross-contamination in my salad. Its actually shocking how strongly my salad tastes like raw onion sometimes. Thankfully, I can take a benadryl and be fine, but not everyone can. Might I suggest using tongs for the toppings in the future? Like I said, as it pertains to me, not the biggest deal, but definitely a disappointment that prevents a 5 start review.The best gluten free pizza i have had in Philadelphia and you cannot beat the price. Most gluten free pizzas cost $15+. I come here at least once a week for their pizza because it's that amazing. Even during the lunch rush, i am able to get my pizza within 20 minutes. Definitely recommend trying!I ordered the Farmer's Market pizza, and it looked amazing. Unfortunately it was drenched in the lemon oil that's listed as one of the ingredients, so much so that it was difficult to eat. Not sure I would come back after this experience, though in theory the place is amazing.I am STILL dreaming about the pizza at Snap Custom Pizza. I found the restaurant thanks to Yelp reviews (thank you kind people!) as I was looking for gluten free options in Philadelphia. This is a build-you-own pizza place, like subway. The staff were very quick to make pizzas you can only dream about. I got the small marg pizza, which fed two of us till we were full. The pizza was perfectly crunchy, cheesey, and saucey. Can Pittsburgh PLEASE open up a Snap Custom Pizza?!?!When pizza gives you life!
We went to the location right off Sansom in the heart of the city. It was a Sunday, so we found parking a few blocks away. It is a crowded area of town, so plan accordingly. 
Inside, it's a shotgun type layout with art deco aesthetics. From the door looking in, there's a wall on one side with some decor and bench type seating (facing the wall), in the middle there is seating of long tables so many different parties can share the space, and the kitchen/prep line on the other end. It's a good use of space to allow for many to dine in. 
There are two ways to order - either choosing from the menu of different signature pizzas available, or making your own up with as many toppings as you want! The best part is that they have so many choices of toppings, the options and combinations are endless! Lots of veggie friendly selections to choose from :)!
We opted to go with the signature pizzas and then modify them to our liking. We ordered two pies - the Margherita pizza with jalapenos on top and the Roasted Veggie Pesto and skipped the artichoke hearts. 
The place was relatively steady business wise, but that didn't mean we waited long for our order to be completed. We sat inside and had a chance to grab drinks while we waited for our number to be called. About 10 minutes later the pizza was ready and boy did they deliver! The crust was flavorful - right mixture of doughy, soft goodness and a little charred effects on edges. The toppings are fresh and you can definitely taste that they take pride in what they put on their dishes. The portions were perfect for our party of four and the prices were very reasonable for the amount of food and toppings that we ordered. 
In addition, we had our small dog with us and the staff was very gracious in allowing him to come in and sit with us while we dined in. They even offered him some water while we ate our pizza. 
A very pleasant experience - I look forward to many more visits!Great fresh topping for custom pizzas! Super friendly service  I'd definitely recommend and bring a friend.I recently visited this location today and was presently surprised it was not packed. 
I was greated by a gentleman by the name of Brian as he told me 
He was extremely polite , giving me that "chickfala "experience lol
This was my first time ordering pizza from here and needed help. His Customer service was on point 
There was also another gentleman there with a small afro,  he was really nice as well the young lady that was rolling the cookies with her bare hands Didnot speak but looked happy to be at work which gave me q good feeling about this place. 
The pizza was good I must say 
Pricey but good 
The place was clean and the employees nails were not dirtyI probably come to Snap once a week. I get the Kraisin Salad and add chicken to it. I love this place, the ingredients are so fresh! The pizza is delicious too. Honestly, there is something about personal pizza's made to order, fresh in front of your eyes, that I love. 
I always take my food to go, It gets packed in there. I'm not one for small crowded places.
I think they have some kinks to work out. I always see new people working who don't know the menu well and my salad has been messed up a couple of times.  Way too many cooks in the kitchen. 
Otherwise, I'll be back!A great quick bite and always tasty! Highly affordable and definitely one pizza a person! You can share if you aren't that hungry, but come hungry and eat an entire one!
HIGHLY recommend the Farmers Market pizza and Mexique!
Also, if you're building your own personal pizza, always add pesto!!! It makes everything better (:Pretty yummy custom pizza, made to order.  Friendly staff, nice space.  Clean and organized.  One of the better places in CC for an elevated pizza beyond the typical slice.  Looking forward to going back soon.I am going to keep this short and sweet. Snap is amazing!!! What a great deal for f**king great pizza!!!As a New Yorker, I know my pizza. This place could hang with any New York establishment. You can make your own personal pizza, selecting items down the line Chiptole style. Great for kids and they have Gluten Free pizza too! The staff is friendly and helpful too.Went here for lunch today to try something that wasn't my normal. I am very pleased that I did. The Kale Caesar was delish and the people who worked there today were excellent. Super smiley and kind. I appreciate that the food is really good but I appreciate she who gave me a little extra cheese when I asked so much. It's nice to go to a lunch spot that isn't so stiff and is more human. I cannot wait to try a pizza, they looked beyond yummy!Fantastic quick spot for dinner, serving fast-casual assembly line style personal pizzas. Whenever I'm home in Philly, I always make a point to grab a pie or two with my brother. The default pizza options seem to be great, but I always make a point to spice up the Bianca Verde option (Garlic Herb Butter, Mozzarella, Ricotta, Basil) with some pineapple, grilled chicken, and jalapeños. The mini cookies are also fantastic - so soft and chewy! There is also ample seating space around communal tables which makes it a great place for groups to come eat.
All in all, love this place -- great for a quick bite with friends.
P.S. - Snap also has New Hope soda made with cane sugar which is absolutely delicious!This is going to be my new go to lunch place! Fresh ingredients and I can get as many as I want to on my salad for no extra charge! That is unheard of in this city! Can't wait to try their pizza. 
Customer service was excellent!
The only downside is that the setup is not the best and it's kind of difficult when there are a ton of people but that's an easy thing to ignore, especially if you're getting take out.I ate here at the recommendation of a friend, who said this is her favorite go to in Philly. Now I know what she meant.
This was so delicious and fast. The manager was very nice, and I love the feel of the place. 
What I Ordered: The Farmers Market, with the addition of some red sauce. In fact, the manager reminded me that this particular pizza does not have red sauce. Being a newbie  positively overwhelmed by everything at this place and a lover of red sauce, I really appreciated his reminder. Also, the roasted garlic on my pizza was amazing.
Would definitely go back.Awesome food. Fresh and good quality veggies and the dressing was awesome. Fast service good for a quick grab before class or whatever you're doing in center cityI'm going to go with just ok on this one. 
The salad was just ok - I wish the jalapeno dressing was actually spicy. 
The pizza - I got the Hot Little Honey - was again just ok. 
The spicy level was not anything to be worried about. 
Fresh ingredients but mostly middle of the road in flavor and execution.
Staff are super friendly though. 
In the end will it satisfy a pizza craving? - yes. 
Will it be in my rotation of lunch spots? - no.I just had lunch here for the first time and OMG.  I had the gluten free crust and you would never know the difference. The pizza was so delicious and their prices are amazing. A personal size pizza with all you want on top is only $7.99! They have salads for $8.99 and natural beverages. Their staff is so nice and I can't wait to go back!Thank you Yelp! I was on a work trip in Philadelphia so I used the Yelp App! Looking for pizza I came across this place called Snap Custom Pizza. I admit I do like traditional pizza, but this place seemed interesting. I walked the 7 blocks and glad I did. It is located in Center City Philly! It is not a big place, but was very clean. Since it we my first time I ordered the 11 inch custom pie, they also have a six inch too. You name the veggie, meat , sauce and cheese they seemed to have it. The best point is there is NO up charge for adding toppings. I made a custom thin crust pizza with traditional sauce, mixed two cheeses, add grilled chicken, tomatoes, grilled zucchini, grilled onions and basil. It was different and it was very good. I would give it 5 stars but they could use a wine/beer selection. However, the food was good. This is why I like the Yelp App for when I travel, really who wants to eat at Applebee's, Subway or TGIF when there are better local places.Stopped by Snap Custom Pizza on my way home from work last week and was greeted by the friendliest team. I was craving a pizza that I had only ever had in Louisiana and the manager, Chuck, helped make it happen - including mixing the bbq sauce and hot sauce together to make a spicy bbq sauce. Such a win, it was delicious. This is going to become one of my go-to lunch places, I'm sure of it.Update: They have contacted me directly, and apologized. Will be back soon!
Always have good experiences at Snap and Pizza is great but...I went today at Lunch and ordered usual Sweet and Slow. My name is called a few mins later and it is not the right pizza, they gave mine to the person before me. No big deal, person behind counter said would refire it real quick. 15 mins later...no pizza and have to go back to work. The lady behind the counter was super apologetic which was great and gave me a card for free pizza or salad. I left there a bit annoyed but content since mistakes happen. Unfortunately I have noticed now the card for free pizza or salad expired a month ago.This place is a great concept with fresh and interesting ingredients. My pizza (Kennett Square + meatballs) was perfect and I like the new hope drink options. Will definitely come again! Thanks for the great experience and affordable find.accidentally went to this pizzeria, ordered the Mexican pizza, one of the best pizzas I ate!So good, the "sweet n' slow" pizza is so delicious. Quick, and pretty consistently food service. Friendly staff. Nice setting with ample seating.Great pizza for a good price and workers were great.  I just got 2 plain pizzas but they were both amazing.  They were very cheesy and were prepared very quick. They had Avery nice waiting/eating area.  Another plus was bathrooms which were clean.   I can't wait to go back and try another type of pie.   Would recommend to anyone.I am a huge Snap Pizza Fan. I have been to three locations, go multiple times a week and just really love the food, environment and experience. The manager at this location, Chuck, is one of a kind. He is courteous, helpful and really keeps the place in perfect condition even during the crazy lunch rush! I am so grateful to see him every time he comes in! Overall- salad or pizza, you can't go wrong with snap, it's delicious. I honestly housed this whole pizza and had no regrets. It was filling but so fresh and amazing! Thank you Snap for just being perfect!First time visitor. Tried to make my own pizza. Pretty standard ingredients to gauge how good the pizza is:
Traditional dough
Tomato sauce
Shredded mozzarella 
Chicken
Red onion
Green peppers
Verdict: chicken is super dry and lacks any flavor. Tomato sauce is nonexistent on the pizza, rendering it dry. It just felt like eating pizza dough.
Disclaimer: I did not use any finishing touches for this pizza.
Customer service: excellent!! Super friendly staff. No wait. Took about 5 minutes from entering to exit. And this was at 12:30pm. Impressive during a lunch rush.This place is soo good. Custom pizza's and salads for a set price of around $8/$9 with unlimited toppings. Can't go wrong.  Ingredients were fresh and everything seemed healthy.  They also did a great job of keeping the line moving during the lunch rush.  Think I found my new Friday lunch spot.The thin crust pizza was great and so were the people working there! Would recommend the good egg, it was a tiny bit spicy but DELICIOUS. Pizza came out quick too, in maybe 15 minutes. Snap is small and cute, would go back again! Also great bang for buck in my opinion5 stars for amazing price. The pizza is $7.99 & toppings are unlimited. Everything is so fresh and I've even had their salads which were amazing as well. The staff is friendly and helpful.Snap is becoming a regular habit of mine, because custom pizza with fresh ingredients for $8.63 doesn't happen often around these parts. I typically start out with traditional dough, tomato sauce, shredded mozzarella and add Italian sausage, baby spinach, and pineapple. I never had pineapple on a pizza before coming to snap, but it's changed my entire pizza perspective. There is no limit to toppings, not even proteins which is super awesome if you're a meat eater.  I have no trouble downing the entire pie, so if you're hungry don't go into this place thinking you're going to split a pizza. The dough is the right balance of crispy and doughy and it's just delicious all the way around.Cheap and quick plus awesome pizza! I came in around 8pm on a Thursday night with a group of four. We ask ordered different pizzas and they came out within 10 minutes. I opted for two pre made options but the unlimited toppings deal seems pretty good if you're creative. 
I was a little underwhelmed by my two options. I'd say they're good but it's not making me want to come back and try other options. Also, as a fan of pineapple on my pizza, I was disappointed that it wasn't an option on the menu.I sincerely love this place.  In under 10 minutes, and for under $10, you can get a pizza topped with whatever your heart desires.  As little or as much as you want without judgement.  That includes cheese, protein, veggies and finishing for an honest $8.  And these aren't some crappy canned foods.  Everything is fresh and delicious.  I really can't say enough about this.  It's my perfect lunch.  Some days I eat the whole thing.  Other days I eat half and save half for the next day.  The people working there couldn't be nicer to boot.  It's a classy operation thru and thru.Last night was our first time to Snap and we will definitely be going back! Q, Ang and Garry provided excellent customer service and were very helpful and friendly! Everything I tasted was delicious. You should definitely try the best pizza in Philly!Super crowded during weekday lunch. expect to wait a good 20 min. I got The Good Egg signature pizza. While it was good, the red chili pepper sauce was a lot spicier than expected.Although the workers behind the counter were exasperated with how many toppings I was putting on my pizza, they did it anyway. Snap had a massive variety of cheeses and veggies and I appreciated that they catered to all the vegetarians dining there. It was reasonably priced, and on top(ping) of that had a superb crust. 
Would highly recommend for anyone looking for a relatively cheap meal (could even serve 2 people as the portions are large).This place used to be good. But they've gotten bad. Very stingy with salad ingredients so you get a bowl of 94% kale. Some literal beancounter is in charge. Took away the flavor.Sometimes the service is a little wonky. Sometimes the rolls are undercooked. Sometimes they're out of ingredients.
But when everything's on target, you can get a truly filling and delicious salad for the cost of a fancy-ass Sweetgreen salad without the wait. And to me, that's worth coming back for over and over again. Try a grain bowl (all are 8.99) for an extra protein boost.I've been coming to Snap for lunch several times this year and am shocked I haven't Yelped about it yet. This is one of my favorite lunch spots. The pizzas and salads are both great. My favorite pizza is the Bianca Verde--delicious. There are tons of options and you can also create your own pizza or salad as they are made to order. It does get very crowded at lunch so I recommend having one person order while another finds somewhere to sit if you are going to eat in.I LOVEEE this pizza. I eat gluten free and have never had a better gluten-free pizza/pizza in general. I'll be back often.One of the best pies in the city. Fresh ingredients. Try the Kennett Square or get a custom pizza.Used to love this place but they've gone downhill. 
The glass food guard makes it super difficult for the people to hear your order, so mistakes happen.
They also ran out of dressing... Didn't offer to make more or anything, just stared at me. They should've known they were out of it when I ordered and told me then...not at the end.
They also started to put the wrong dressing on it and tried to lie and say they didn't when I saw it happen.
They also completely forgot the grains in my grain bowl.A few days ago, I went to Snap for the first time. The food was quickly delivered, but there was very little interaction from the staff. The pizza wasn't bad, but I find that I don't quite get the five stars from other reviews. While I give them credit for the hours that they're open, along with the pricing,  it wasn't enough to make me absolutely love this place. Would I go back? Honestly, if it was really late and options were few, I may, but I didn't feel like it was a place that I could connect with friends, but a place to eat quickly and leave.Just such an amazing customer service experience. I
Literally haven't gotten my pizza yet, but having been here before so I know how good they are--the counter people are AMAZING! Friendly in a way that seems real and not forced. I am sitting here with a smile on my face just from how nice the people are in this place. Picked me up from a tough day--thank you SNAP!Every time I'm in Philadelphia or Vienna, London or New York, Lisbon, Stockholm or wherever -  I notice every new restaurant or eating establishment is searching for that special new concept or niche that they can fill and survive with .... and then hopefully thrive.  Well I love the concept that Snap Pizza has come up with.  It's just awesome!  This is a place where you can design your own pizza from the ground up with a wonderful selection of sauces, ingredients, toppings and then have it expertly baked for you.  Your personal pizza pie then comes hot out of the oven. They even have additional condiments available if you still want to add something more to your designer pizza.  There are also healthy salads and grain bowls on the menu if you're not feeling like pizza....but custom-made pizza is def the headlining story here. The service is friendly, there is room to eat in or you can take out or you can do a combo of both.  And it's incredibly tremendous value for money. You won't break the bank here! 
 I def will give five stars to Snap Pizza.  It's a great new concept.  I hope Snap Pizza will prove to be a popular destination and thrive in their special pizza and healthy food niche!I love love love this place with its broad range of fresh ingredients, customizable flexibility, and flat price. If you want the "Kristin W.", go for regular crust, San Marzano Tomato sauce, extra House Made Mozzarella, get All Natural Chicken, pile on the veggies, and then finish liberally with Arugla, Cherry Tomatoes, and Balsamic Syrup.
My only complaint is that it is hard for the staff to hear you over the noise and through the protective glass, so I feel like I'm always yelling helplessly and miming my way through my pizza creation. If Snap could create a little checklist of options so we can mark off what we want and hand it to the pizza maker, I think this would really help the process.Was impressed to see Snap supporting the Red Cross Red Ball. The Red Ball is philly's largest party with a purpose and it is establishments like Snap that allow it to be such a lucrative fundraiser for such a worthy cause.  The pizza and the kale salad samples that they had were wonderful.  I have been living in Philly for the last 5 plus years but this was the first time I have ever tried Snap. I am looking forward to visiting their storefront sometime soon. Thank you Snap!I feel like I'm doling out a lot of 5 stars lately. Like, am I getting soft? Or am I just eating at a lot of good places? I'd like to think it's the latter. 
If you're looking for a quick bite with high quality ingredients that won't break the bank, then Snap's your place. 
It's a Chipotle style personal pizza spot. You pick your ingredients and make the pizza as you go down the line (or order one of their pre-determined creations). Ingredients are plentiful (and I mean PLENTIFUL) super fresh and the quality is awesome, especially for what you're paying. 
You're looking at $8 for a create-your-own pizza or $7.50 for one of their creations, and I think you're allowed an addition or substitution. Pizzas of similar quality would normally run you around $12-14 in another restaurant not named &Pizza. So the value is definitely there. 
One thing though, they tend to top their pizzas with one of their flavored oils. They taste amazing, but can result in a pretty oily pizza, like seeping through the crust oily. This is easily avoided by asking for just a little oil or ordering with no oil at all. Aside from that though, stop here if you're in Center City looking for a quick bite.
Oh, and they don't have pineapples, so they obviously know what they're doing.The staff was extremely helpful and friendly.
The pizza was amazing and the ingredients were very fresh. The house-made mozzarella was the freshest and best I've ever had.
Adorable decor and clean.
Very great!This is a great addition to Center City! I went here for lunch and got the $7.99 custom pizza (with unlimited toppings!). The service was quick and very friendly. The pizza was fantastic. The crust was perfectly cooked and the ingredients tasted fresh (including the mozzarella, made in house). The size is perfect for lunch. I will definitely be going back.Snap is one of my favorite places in Philly! I love the custom pizzas there. Today I had a traditional foundation (crust) with San Marzano sauce, shredded mozzarella, sweet Italian sausage, house roasted peppers, mushrooms and parmigiana reggiano. What a treat!Loved the diablo! Full of flavor and perfect amount of toppings! Also got a custom made but with roasted garlic home made mozzarella mushrooms onions and spinach added at the end... sauce was very strong but the toppings were amazing. Nice little spot and innovative.We are visiting Philly and stopped into Snap Pizza tonight with our 3 year old. The pizza was delicious. I did a custom pizza, my husband did a specialty pizza, and my son got the kids pizza with pepperoni.  The blackberry lemonade and the birch beer were both amazing.  You can choose any toppings on the custom pizza, and it's worth it!!! The staff members were friendly and helpful - one was newer and still getting familiar with the menu. I definitely recommend this to anyone looking for a delicious pizza!Great selection of ingredients for the custom salads and pizza toppings.  Everything seems fresh, and I particularly like the roasted veggies.  Considered 5 stars, but the well deserved popularity of this place makes it noisy and crowded at peak lunch hour.  The servers seem friendly enough, and the folks at the register are usually particularly cheery.The positive is that the pizza is good-I can't really comment on the varieties since I stimbled into one of the signatures first time in and have stayed with it since it was so good.  For the negatives: the music is always way too loud to enjoy being inside for longer than a few moments, unfortunately due to the customization the service does take a while, so you're forced to hang listen to the ruckus. It'd be a more regular place for me to visit (and five stars) if not for the decible level and everyone yelling over it.I swear this is one of the best deals in Philly. Quick and easy. Reasonably priced and the staff are very friendly. I love the Kennett Square but found it to be a tad oily. I now get the truffle oil on the side and it's perfect.I was looking for a new pizza joint close to house that was byob and low key.  It was between this place and &pizza and chose Snap because the pizzas looked better, larger, and the BYOB factor. I'm glad I did as I thoroughly enjoyed my pizza.  You can pick your own toppings and I did the cheese test.  You know when you ask for cheese and people act like it's gold flecks and skimp on it?  Well I asked for extra cheese thinking it would end up like a normal cheese pizza and they totally gave me the extra cheese.  I had 1/2 a pizza left over but probably could have housed the whole thing if I weren't on stupid weight watchers.  The ingredients were fresh, it was fast, and I think our pizzas were like $8 each.   As they say in the south you can't beat that price with a stick!  I highly recommend!The pizza is delicious. However I have been in on two occasions and I am not thrilled with the employees. They act like it's a burden when I ask for more than one topping and they always put the pizza in the box at the end before asking if I want anything additional from the "after oven toppings" and then it's a huge pain opening the box to put those on. Come on people  it's a pizza shop. Once I get past the discomfort the pizza is always delicious though.My wife and I went here for a late night snack and I love it! We created our own pizza with unlimited toppings and it was DELISH.... Definitely will be back. FYI,  on weekends they are open until 3am or later.Can't believe what you get for the price here! Unlimited toppings and sauces for a flat price on your own personal pizza. It's enough for a meal to fill me up and have leftovers for the next day.
Update: losing a star because the price went up $3 with no warning. I was surprised when the cashier told me the title. For that price I'd rather go to &pizza down the street :/For what you get here, it can't be beat--price point is absolutely stellar.  My boyfriend stopped in on a busy saturday night elsewhere in the city, after a show, because we wanted some solid, fairly healthy food, without the wait or alcohol ridden crowds.  Our custom pizza was yummy--good crust, could have been cooked just a little more, and our salad was excellent--it was the SoCal and it had delicious pulled chicken in it (and I am funny about chicken in salads as they can taste "off" if they aren't fresh)  Dressing seemed homemade, or if it wasn't, we didn't notice.  We were the only ones there but I've heard if you go on a weekday it's really busy due to the business crowds.  Friendly counter guy, especially for a dead night.  Not sure how it would be on a weekday, but it was well worth the $19.00 we spent with plenty of food for both my boyfriend and I.  Fresh Ingredients, healthy-ish and pizza was solid enough to please my Pizza-aficionado, Man.I loved this place! The pizza was amazing. The employees we very helpful and kind. They use an off brand soda product that healthier that main brand companies. This might be a bold statement but I might have liked the taste before than regular. 
It may not be a good choice for kids at night due to the amount of bars and clubs that surround it. 
Over all it was a great place and I would go back!First gluten free pizza I've had that actually has that chewy consistency you get from "real" flour pizza crust. Add quality toppings that hit all the right flavor and texture notes (like the fresh arugula, creamy goat cheese, savory mushrooms, and rich herbed butter on the Kennet Square special), giving this place 5 stars is a no-brainer.Fast-casual doesn't get much better than this, folks. 
The Snap staff greets the customers as if they are family, and their assembly line makes ordering the food a breeze. Sometimes the line can get backed up because the pizzas need to cook, and because there is usually only one person mixing salads at a time, but the end result is always delicious. 
Ordering the food at Snap is my absolute favorite, because both options are entirely customizable. Sure, if you want to go with a tried-and-true flavor combo, definitely order Kale Caesar salad or a Diablo pizza--you won't be disappointed. BUT if you want to go wild and put *all* the meat and cheese on your pizza, the staff will enthusiastically pile up the toppings. Just get in the assembly line, mention whether you want pizza or salad, and you will travel down said line to pick and choose your ingredients. FYI, gluten-free crust is available for the pizza.
Snap Pizza is fast becoming my #1 to-go lunch place (tied with Dizengoff) because it does its two offerings (pizza and salad) really well, has a plethora of options, and employs a fantastic staff.
PS: Try the homemade chocolate chip cookies that are available up front. $2.50 gets you six of these delicious, bite-size babies that you will want to devour immediately.It is my First time here and am sure will not be the last , we ordered Thai crunch salad and two pizza 
The Margarita & the Mexique , all Amazing test 
Thank U guysAwesome place for custom pizzas and salads. I always get the "So Cal" salad, packed with greenery that'll boost your energy. Comes with organic roasted chicken , spicy corn, black beans , avocado , red onion, tomatoes and a chipotle vinegarette that's tasty!!! Great intimate atmosphere.First time in Philly and wanting to try their pizza. Ordered the bianco Verde pizza, with their special sauce on the side. Very fresh, dough was cooked perfectly, fresh ingredients equals to cheap very good pizza. Highly recommend place for a good pizza.Came here tonight because I was craving goat cheese and Pizza. Got make your own so I could get extra goat cheese, ordered extra goat cheese, got home and had a piece and turns out the guy put extra ricotta and not goat cheese! I am so upset. 
If they look too much alike, don't put them next to one another or add a label!Delicious pizza with exactly what I wanted on it. Price is not bad either! $3 cheaper for a gluten-free pie here than at nearby competitor &Pizza. Lines can be long and the restaurant is tiny with limited seating, but the line goes fast and the yummy pizza is worth the crowds!My go to lunch spot in the city. Awesome pizza and salads, and the staff is super friendly.Three stars for having fresh ingredients and a tasty gluten free crust option. I had to deduct a star for not having Daiya or another cheese alternative for your dairy-free patrons.  Both Mod and Blaze have Daiya cheese and I feel more valued there as a vegan so I go there more often.  I hope you guys change that soon, we all like a little "cheese" on our pizza!5This is a great place for a quick personal pizza. The prices are amazing, but you get what you pay for. You can get better tasting pizza in Philadelphia than here if you are willing to travel to South Philly or Fishtown, but it's great if you work/live in the area and want a quick personal pizza. It's build-your-own (like Chipotle with pizza), but that doesn't mean it's good.
The pizza is mediocre, and the ingredients only taste slightly better than Dominos, Pizza Hut, etc. It's the love child of Chipotle and Little Caesar's.
Whatever all-natural soda they have is really gross compared to Maine Root soda that a lot of area restaurants use.I ordered a salad, and it was pretty tasty, though a little light on the toppings. The menu looks fantastic- great options and fair prices. Contrary to other reviews, the service was pretty awful. It's possible that the man who was helping me is new, but he seemed very disoriented and had difficulty answering my basic question about fountain drink sizes and prices. I'll come back and give it another shot because the menu looks so great, but I'm hoping in my future experiences I get to enjoy the great service these other reviews are referring to.I really enjoyed coming here today for thin crust pizza.  The employees were incredibly helpful and friendly, they easily deserve 5 stars!  I enjoyed my barbecued chicken pizza, everything was delicious but I wasn't wild about the barbecue sauce, it was too tangy and had too much of a kick to it.  If it tasted better, I would have given this adorable, sweet pizza joint 5 stars!!  I think they could upgrade the Snapple selection too, I love that they carry Diet Snapple but why not carry Diet Peach?  
Overall though, this was a good experience and I plan to come back again!  Cute, rustic vibe in the shop with fun, upbeat music playing, very welcoming atmosphere.  The mini chocolate chip cookies were really yummy too!I had such a great experience there yesterday. The staff go above and beyond to make your experience stand out. Really refreshing during the center city lunch rush.The salads here are quite good, but the ordering process is chaotic.  Not sure why it takes 4 people to make a salad.  But my biggest issue is that they never have tops to fit the salad bowls!  I had to ask the cashier to tape on the top today, so I wouldn't end up with a bag full of salad (again).
Update: I've been here a few times since my original review and it has not improved. Today, the food prep area was a mess, they forgot the cheese in my salad, and I was given a dressing coated bag (the dressing ended up on my skirt). Plus, they had no forks! Although the concept is good, I'm unlikely to return.Honestly a true late night gem that is also a lunch time spot that I frequent! We came here after we had been drinking for numerous hours on Friday. Snap is healthy, so it didn't make us hate ourselves from the other greasy pizza alternatives but hit the spot we needed it to hit. 
The staff is so friendly and the food is delicious and reasonably priced. Everything is made to order.  I got the Margherita Pizza and was more than satisfied. 
Open til 3 AM on Friday and Saturday. I'll be back!!!!!!I absolutely love this place! For $8, you can customize your own pizza subway style with all the ingredients you could ever want. I made my perfect pizza and couldn't have been more pleased with the outcome, mostly due to the fresh ingredients, and less to my decision to combine random ingredients together. Half of the pizza was enough to fill me for one meal. I wish there were one of these on every block. 
I highly recommend the lemon oil-- changed my pizza life.First visit--certainly not our last.
The pizza was great--enough to take home for a second meal. The available combinations ae endless. The all-you-can-drink sodas and juices are all non-high-fructose sweetened.
And the price? We left for under $20 including two pizzas and one drink.
--I knew I would love this pizza from the moment I walked in. Unique farm decor and fresh veggies lining walls made for a very welcoming environment. There's one large table and a couple extra seats on the side. Thankfully I looked at the menu online before arriving, because it can be an overwhelming experience to stand there and construct a well thought out pizza with people in line behind you, and the staff wanting to move things along. It felt kind of like showing up to chipotle without knowing what you want, and holding everyone up. Therefore, I highly recommend having a basic idea of what ingredients you want before getting in line. Or, go with one of their pizzas. I had the good egg to go, which was delicious! I wish the ingredients had labels on the glass so you can tell what they are. I saw some fountain sodas on the side that looked all natural, and had some unique flavors. They don't have alcohol on the menu, so I wonder if it is byo? It would be great to bring a bottle of wine to accompany the meal. Overall a terrific, affordable pizza place. Can't wait to try a custom one!I eat gluten free and I find it hard to find a good pizza when I travel - well snap pizza's cauliflower crust was great! One of the best I have eaten while dining out! I made my own pizza but they have many options to choose from!WOW!!! Delicious and fun and hands down, the BEST Gluten Free Crust I've ever had. I am a former food writer from NYC and this is a destination spot that is a must-try!!! You pick from a variety of crusts, sauces, toppings and extras like Truffle Oil, Oregano Oil, Fresh Basil, Greek Olives, Goat Cheese, Mozzarella Cheese,  Bleu Cheese, Feta, etc. If you wanted an entirely vegan pizza, you could find that here too! The space is very casual but hip and cute, clean and everything is FRESH! I can't recommend this place enough!!! My friend and I shared a pie and plan to return tomorrow. This spot is certainly a Philly "culinary destination spot".I used to love Snap Pizza until recently. Today I came and the staff seemed very annoyed to even "deal" with me. 
Please work on the staff Snap, because for "custom pizza" they seemed bothered by customization. Not one person welcomed me when I walked in or out.This is definitely one of my favorite Pizza spots. The service is always great, the food always tastes amazing, and I'm a big fan of the variety of toppings.I came here for lunch and I am definitely a fan! From the moment I walked in, I was greeted by the staff, and they were very friendly the whole time.The restaurant has a fresh, inviting and modern feel to it. Prices are very reasonable and I like the fact that the pizza is made right in front of you. You can customize your pizza or go for one of the menu options. I chose the Diablo and the employee was kind enough to let me sample the sauce to see if it was too spicy. For me, it was yummy, but if you don't have a higher tolerance for spices, I would recommend another pizza or asking them to modify it.  All the ingredients were fresh and flavorful, and they had a nice selection of natural sodas. I can't wait to come back and try the salads and other pizzas!I am updating my review for this place. I come back quite often to this place but things need to be changed around here. Idk what it is but this place gets nasty by the end of the day. The cheese is always mixed in with meat and being a vegetarian that grosses me out. The pizza is great but they need a little maintenance when it comes to cleanliness.One of my favorite lunch spots. Lots of great salads and pizzas to choose from. They also are the friendliest staff in the city.Went again today for a salad on the fly... and what I got was a Snap custom nightmare!  THe line was long and wasn't moving to begin with.  They were out of everything!!!  The service was rude, 3 people were yelling at me at once, they didn't add half the things I asked for, and my salad is swimming in 'light' dressing.  Not worth $9.  I come here a lot, but I'll think hard before coming back.  Lots of salads in center city.Food is good , service is horrible. Wait over 20 minutes to get a salad. They have 8 employees behind the counter and during a lunch rush can't handle the pressure. Not worth it unless you are going to sit down and eat and have an hour to kill.Not sure how this place has 4 stars now. Whoever was working 2/20/18 at 6:30 needs to be fired. She was so rude and when I got there my to go pizza wasn't even started. She didn't even put my toppings on right without me correcting her. Gave the pizza to me without apologizing for the lateness or mess ups. 
Pizza was fine but horrible service.I saw this place walking around looking for something quick to eat, and I definitely couldn't have picked better. Made-to-order, assembly line pizza???! Genius! And only $8? I didn't finish the pizza by myself, but it's the perfect size for a normal meal. They have a variety of toppings that you can really customize your pizza. I kept it simple and got tomato sauce with arugula, tomatoes, mozz, and garlic sauce, but I am really excited to go back for something more complex. I like that it can be made vegan, too, I asked someone working there, and their pizza dough is vegan! No vegan cheese options, but all the other flavor options are amazing. Can't wait to go back with my boyfriend and show him!Their pizzas are the best pizzas that have ever entered my mouth. I would swim naked through a lake of malaria-infested waters full of piranhas and glass shards just for a chance to thank the goats that produce their goat cheese.  Their beverage selection is also a solid 10/10.  (I know you're reading this, Chuck).Great prices, perfect size for one person, and fresh toppings. The crust is great- it could have been in the oven a bit longer to crisp up the bottom, but the edges were greatttttt- chewy and not too charred.I think this place is just ok. I have friends who rave about it and I'd be willing to give it another shot, but the goat cheese and mushroom pizza finished with arugula was just average. I did like the taste of their sausage, but the pizza snob in me just refuses to accept the concept since I'm used to pizza in New York and Jersey. For a few bucks more, you can go to a place like nomads or get an entire pie from a decent shop. It was fast and you can pile it up with toppings, but those two characteristics aren't very important to me and are the reasons for the average rating.I felt bad because I dragged the boyfriend to all these museums I wanted to go to so I had to find a spot he would enjoy a meal in and where I can be good and get a salad. Yelped spots that served pizza and salad and that's where Snap came to the rescue.
As much as I wanted to be bad and try their pizza I had to resist because I already had my pizza fix when we were in DC. So I did the custom salad, which was definitely what I needed to stay on track and feel less guilty about eating out while on vacation. The boyfriend made a custom pizza, which he really enjoyed. So much so that he ate it before I can even eat through my salad! Of course he fell in love with their watermelon soda, which I am guilty of taking a sip of because we've never seen such a concoction before. It was definitely worth the sip to try.
The staff here is very welcoming and professional. The seating area was also clean and spacious but I can imagine how busy it must get during a lunch rush. We shall definitely return the next time we're in the area and I'll be sure to fast and set up a long walk after so I can try their pizza next time.I've only ever eaten salads here, maybe the pizzas are better. But if you want a salad, go the extra block or two to get one anywhere else. These are overpriced and the ordering process is a mess.
Your order *may* be right maybe half the time. I've gone here (too many times) because it was very close to my work, but won't any more. 
I have ordered a grain bowl that I open up and they forgot to put the grain or toppings in and it's just a ten dollar bowl of dry kale? I order salads and there's always something missing. They tell me they are out of a key ingredient after I've already paid. I've had salads where I ask for no onions and my salad was covered in onions. Why?I'm tired of dealing with this place. It had been in my regular lunch rotation, but never again. 
They run out of key ingredients and don't tell you until the very end. They are slow and incredibly inefficient. The space is cramped. There are so many better places nearby for salads and/or pizza. I can't wait for this place to close so something better can open in this spot.AMAZING!
I love the concept of custom pizza and I'm thrilled Philly has Snap. Imagine Chipotle, except for pizza. It's about $8 for a pizza and you can't go wrong with any combination of ingredients. I always do a half-half pizza, so that I can experiment with different flavor combinations. The herb cream and pesto sauces are delicious and I love the ricotta and goat cheese. 
+BYOBLove this spot! Great for my gluten-free and celiac friends and also delicious. The ingredients are really top shelf and they create some really interesting pizzas with them. Always come here when i'm in philly.While the pizza is good, I'm not happy with their lack of consistency in preparing and sending the correct order! I've had a few times when I ordered from them on Caviar and it was incorrect, and I simply don't trust their ability to prepare and send the correct order, especially when I to pay extra for cauliflower crust and they send regular crust. I'm done ordering from them at this point. Customer trust is important and they've not upheld their end of things in my experience. It's not worth the hassle!First off, I would really like to give this place 5 stars because I'm obsessed with the gluten free pizza!  I have been here about five times since they have opened and the pizza has been consistently DE-LISH!    I also want to comment on how sweet and friendly the staff are every time... which means a lot in this day and age where friendly customer service is rare.
I would really love to see this business succeed, as I seldom find yummy gluten free options in the city.  However, I am a bit concerned with the disorganization between the line staff managing the orders, and it seems like the standard of cleanliness may be going downhill.  I did also notice one of the workers preparing the meatballs with bare hands :(
As with any new business there are gonna be a few hiccups in the beginning, but I hope this one gets better and does not flop like so many do in Center City.   Sending good vibes and hoping this one sticks!!!!I like the pizza, the workers aren't particularly pleasant and the last few times I've been in there, they've been more interested in chatting with friends who stopped by and less with assisting customers. I'd go back though. The price is reasonable.Fast and fresh pizzas, reasonably priced and versatile customization options. Service was quick, in and out in about 10 minutes with a freshly baked personal pizza. 
Pizza itself was a bit on the oily side but that should be able to be changed if you chose different toppings.Placed order online and wrote "No bread crumbs". They still put it into the salad. On top of that they forgot a roll. Person who called me to confirm the order was told no bread crumbs. I guess they don't know what bread crumbs is.Updating my 5 star review to 3. I don't know what it is about this place but they seem to hire the rudest staff members. They talk to you on the phone like you're wasting their time and have been hung up on. There's also about a 50/50 chance they will get your order right, so always open your box before leaving! I love their pizzas when they're correct, but the rude attitude of the staff has me looking for other lunch spots to give my business to.This is an assembly line style pizza place, not very big, but efficient, and open late.  We stopped in here late on a Saturday night mainly because it was the only thing open that I knew would have gluten free pizza.  There was a really long line (as you'd expect), that mostly looked like 20-something-yr-olds after a night out.  Even though it was really busy, the line moved fast and the pizza was done quickly.  We had the barbecue chicken pizza, which was excellent, and even the gluten free crust had a nice chewy crust.  It's good to know where to get such good food late-night!I really liked the Pizza here. I had a custom pizza with a lot of grilled veggies. It was all done pretty quickly and tasted good.I use Yelp all the time and rarely write a review. This place was the perfect spot for pizza for my girlfriend and I. Its trendy, modern, personal pizzas was exactly what we were looking for. Fantastic ingredients with creative recipes - we tried the Hot Little Honey and the Sweet n Slow - make this place on of my favorites that Yelp has led me to. The attitude and engaging spirit of the staff, cleanliness, and overall vibe completed our visit.I finally came to snap pizza waiting for the rain to stop after a barre3 class and I was amazed. I tried other salad places closer to my work in center city, and none of them even compared. Snap pizza features custom salads where you get unlimited toppings and a roll for ten dollars--it's a steal! And the staff is SO friendly which is so hard to come by in philly. The salad is pretty large too! Today, 8/26 at lunchtime, the two gentlemen you had working the counter and register were delightful!Wow!!!  I was given two totally incorrect pizzas that were not  edible to eat!!! I have called their corporate office and e mailed them and gotten no response . If that's the case, What is your phone number where  you can  be reached??  I'll gladly calll!Slow service. So decided to order online. If the internet is down they dont alert anyone, no sign. People coming in will receive orders before you, even though you've prepaid. There debit scanner wasn't working either and another customer was stuck until his friend arrived to pay. You may need to call ahead to be sure this interner service offered is even working.Just received our delivery for 6 people. Delivery was timely. Salads were all mislabeled which created unnecessary confusion. I did not get my dressing on the side (b/c someone else's name was on my order and my name was on someone else's salad). My SoCal salad was drowning in spicy dressing.
also, there is no small salad without protein to get as a side with the pizza. The build your own salad is more expensive than the pre-set salads and at $10 this is an expensive side to order with a pizza.
Kennett Sq pizza delicious. Avocado was missing from all the salads that included it as an ingredientFast. Clean. Fresh ingredients. Customizable options. #win. You can't go wrong with the above. 
I really enjoy a good healthy pizza! They have a multitude of options and even seasonal veggies. I've been to this location 2 times and the service has certainly improved, however you have to yell to make selections since the music is so loud. 
If I was to choose between snap pizza and blaze I would pick snap!Delicious, custom made pizza that is dangerously close to my office. Personal size pizza was enough for two meals. Love the fresh ingredients!Snap Custom is a solid place to go at any time of the day.  It's extremely consistent, and always has a huge array of toppings.  Is it the best pizza? No.  Do I think they try to be? No.  But they offer a specific product that is reliable, tasty, and affordable.  Surrounded by many expensive options in Center City, Snap is a great option for a quick bite whenever you're in the area.We got turn up one time for the one time! Me & my girl been wanting to goto this place since like June but always ended up forgetting or some shit. But we finally went today an Ima say that shit was worth the wait, it's very affordable(7-8 dollars) , unlimited toppings & UNLIMITED REFILLS WAAAHHHHHHH YA DONT SAY? :0 I got the custom "spicy Diablo smutty chicken pizza" well that's what Ima call it with spinach, basil, chicken an jalapeños. It was so good an spicy I would recommend an this might be my new favorite spot. No complaintsUsed to go here all the time, and then for some reason they removed the Good Egg pizza, which was the best item on their menu. Now? Eh.I used to be a HUGE fan of this place but over this past year, the quality of service has changed a lot. A simple order can take an unnecessarily long and at my last visit - the guy making my salad was focused on everything else but my salad. The quality of the ingredients is also at most mediocre. I got a grain bowl and the quinoa has an odd smell to it, so that will be my first and last time getting a grain bowl from here. I think a pizza covers some flaws up because it is cooked, but it's hard to hide the lack of flavor/ freshness in a salad/ grain bowl.The restaurant has a fast-casual feel with rustic decor. We got the Roasted Veggie Pesto and the Margherita pizzas and both were excellent.  
I'm normally not a big soda drinker, but the selection of natural fountain drinks was delicious - loved the ginger zinger and the orange mango!This is an awesome place for what this is: super filling lunch that's quite the bargain! $8 for a sizeable pizza regardless of what toppings you put on. 
I've literally gone and put on almost everything. I wouldn't recommend that bc the pizza dough may not be able to sustain that weight. 
They now have a cauliflower "crust" option for you more healthfully inclined folk.
My favorite go-to is the Sweet n Slow with fresh basil added on top.
They have a soda machine with those fancy hipster sodas. Kind of wish they had regular diet Coke but it's good bc it motivates me to just drink water.There are a lot of different make your own salad/pizza places around the city. But I haven't found a place that allows unlimited toppings for a fixed price. I've probably been here more times than I've been to the gym since moving to Philly and each time I get more than 10 different veggies, a meat, and at least 3 types of cheeses on my salads. Thank you snap kitchen for enabling me to continue my gluttonous habits at an affordable price. ily
FYI: This location doesn't sell packaged meals like the other ones do - only fresh made salads and pizzas.At the price for just about every other quick place ($7-10) in center city, snap is great. Pizza is awesome, try the the mexique is my favorite. Fresh ingredients, quick, salads look good too.This place has a rodent problem. Saw a few mice/rats running around the floor while people were at the counter ordering.Located right in the heart of Center City - Snap Custom Pizza is the pizza you want if you want it made to your liking! I came here for the first time on 3/16/2019 during my trip into Philly and it reminded me of Blaze Pizza - but this was better!! 
See attached photo... Marinara Sauce, Light Mozzarella Cheese, Large Pepperoni, Broccoli and Spinach. So delicious! 
The tiny quaint restaurant has high tables along the wall where you can sit on stools or a long community table in the center of the restaurant! Come with an appetite!FYI EVERYBODY!! THIS PLACE DOES NOT OFFER RANCH!!!! They have every other topping and dressing you can think of but NO RANCH! I would have given this 5 stars if they offered ranch. Because the pizza I was forced to eat with out ranch was actually pretty good. I say forced because I wasn't aware until check out. I mean seriously who opens up a pizza business and doesn't offer ranch?!?! Me and the girls in line after me were shook!So happy I finally got around to eating here: it's $7.99 for either a custom or signature pizza, a great price! I like that you can customize your pizza (even the signature ones) however you want, with no limits on toppings, and it's the same price. The ingredients are also all organic and very fresh, pizza you can feel good about eating. The pizza itself is closer to 14", more than enough to fill you up.
We ordered The Good Egg and Roasted Veggie Pesto. The Good Egg is great for those of you who love lots of cheese, because you'll get both sharp provolone and mozzarella! I was a little disappointed because the cheese masks the egg - I almost thought they forgot to put in the egg at first. I chose to substitute out the pesto on Roasted Veggie Pesto w/ tomato sauce, because that's what I was feeling - I was craving lots of veggies and a lighter pizza, and this one really hit the spot! Again, I love how customizable it is.
The staff is reasonable for a casual joint - the glass divide make it hard for them to hear your order, which can be frustrating for both sides. However, I had no issues with my order and was pleased with how quickly our food was made in front of us and how quickly it came out of the oven.
This place, oddly enough, is also a BYOB! I saw other customers bring in their own wine and were given wine glasses.Great pizza, cool location, terrible service! I visited this location with some friends (on Sept. 13th) I've been to this location several times and have had some issues with service but not like last night. Upon entering the place, I thought my party of 7 would have been greeted and welcomed instead we were met by workers with attitudes and murmuring about the size of our group. I asked if they were closing, since they seemed annoyed. The young man behind the counter said "yes" while the girl next to him said "no", so I said "which one is it? Are you closing or not?" She said "no we aren't closing" and he walked away. He would then take our orders with a face that spoke to how annoyed he was with us. We would eventually get our orders complete but it wasn't without feeling like a burden. We eventually finished and left, I decided to check the hours and found out that the place is open until 3am on Friday (the day I visited). It's important for the employees to realize that experience is just as important as the product, that's how you retain customers.Updated because the customer service was lacking even more than usual during my last visit. I'm guessing these young people never worked in service before this job but I've never experienced people so annoyed with having to do their job.The pizza was really delicious, I can't wait to come back and try the cauliflower crust too! I got the hot honey pizza, and my boyfriend got the Mexicano pizza, they were both so good!The best gluten free pizza I've ever had!  I love that you can get as many toppings as you like for the same price. Pizza cooked quick and in a hurry. I go for the shredded mozzarella over the balls which is the default I believe. I would give a 5 star but SUPER disappointed they don't utilize any of the more developed delivery services. You can only order through Postmates for delivery and they are expensive and both times I ordered through them the cheese slid to one side with it all sliding completely off with my last order.