Better crepes than I've had elsewhere in the city. Ingredients in the savory crepes are pretty standard but good quality. Same goes for the dessert ones.An amazing way to start a weekend morning. The service is impeccable, the food quality is gorgeous, and the owner/chefs are funny and charming. A fanciful place to escape the busy-ness of South Street to enjoy crepes and espresso.Good service.  Nice venue. The crepes seemed scant but it tasted fine.  Not exactly something I would randomly crave.I've been here for coffee and for crepes and it's busy each time. Clearly this crepe joint is well-recieved by the folks in the neighborhood. And if I lived close by, I'd visit more. I don't have much reason to go out of my way for it, the food and service is good but not exceptional. The So French crepe is lovely and classic. If you're in the mood for some authentic buckwheat crepes and you're nearby, I'd recommend this spot.This place is a cute spot on South Street. The staff is extremely friendly and the prices are very reasonable. We ordered two savory crepes and one sweet crepe to share among three people: So Brie, So Smoked, and So Washington. 
The So Brie crepe was their seasonal crepe and was a little underwhelming but the So Smoked (salmon) crepe was amazing. The So Washington (salted caramel) was really good too. 
I loved the food here but found the portions to be a little small. I don't consider myself to have a large appetite but found myself hungry an hour after eating these. I suppose the crepes were pretty light.Love this place.  Great dessert crepes and is byob. Perfect spot to get dessert after dinner on South street with a bottle of your favorite wine.Clean place. Server is very friendly so that's nice. Food wise - definitely value for money - savory crepes are $8-$10. We ordered the so cocotte with chicken and mustard and so something (sorry forgot the name!) with ham and mushrooms. Both were just okay taste wise because I was expecting white flour crepes but these were super healthy and super French/ traditional made of buckwheat and wheat. They're stuffed well with the fillings. I like my food hot and didn't find either crepe really hot when served. We also ordered the 16oz freshly squeezed OJ for $4 - totally worth the price since it gave 2.5 glasses of OJ whereas one glass of OJ was for $3.50. Total bill for those two crepes plus OJ pitcher = $22 before gratuity.The Crêpe had very fresh ingredients but was kind of soft compared to the ones I'm used. Very friendly employees. When we came in we were automatically seated.Just went here for brunch for my cousin's birthday! It's BYOB so we brought Champagne and Bloody Mary's. I like that it wasn't a very big menu because it's sometimes too much variety. It is short and sweet. I had the "So French" from the Savory menu and shared the "So Chocolately" with bananas from the Sweet side of the menu. They were both so good! Highly recommended!
Frederic or Fred, whom I believe is the owner was very polite, accommodating and nice. He took a group photo for us and someone had asked him to count in French. He was so cute and funny about it.
Only complaints I have is the waitress's attitude later toward the end of our visit. I think she was soft spoken so some people further away didn't know she was there, therefore didn't acknowledge her.  Not on purpose or maliciously of course! But she left abruptly with an attitude.
Overall, it was a great experience and I suggest it if you want great food and a nice chic yet cozy atmosphere! Plus you can't go wrong with BYOB!So cute. So delicious. So affordable.  (sorry, I just had to!)
So Crêpe is an adorable little BYOB restaurant on South Street that just opened up this past fall.  They serve both savory and sweet varieties of crepes, all using fresh and natural ingredients.  The crepes are even made with whole wheat or buckwheat, depending on what type you get.
Dave and I stumbled across So Crêpe on our walk home from the subway this past weekend.  What a lovely addition to our neighborhood!  We both decided on trying the "So Smoked" Crepe since we were stopping in for breakfast.
The So Smoked was a huge, and soooo yummy buckwheat crepe stuffed with smoked salmon, avocado slices, sour cream and chives.  MMM!  I couldn't believe how much salmon was in there for only $8.50 each.  If only we saved enough room in our bellies to try a sweet crepe!
I also do want to mention that the staff were just fabulous.  I loved how the kitchen was open and directly in the center of the restaurant.  The chefs chatted with us the whole time and I always like being able to watch them make the food.  I cannot wait to come back here and highly recommend it to anyone in the areaI got a dessert crepe and it was good. I wish they had more variations of crepes on the menu though. Overall a good experienceI came in on a gray fall day and the "So Autumn" was the perfect comfort food. Warm, soft goat cheese and squash on a pumpkin crepe -- yum! I was a little surprised by the pumpkin crepe because I think I was expecting more of cinnamon and nutmeg like a pumpkin spice cake, but instead it was fluffy with a definite squash flavor that was really unique. The arugula and pumpkin seeds added a much needed crunch to what would otherwise be pretty mushy fillings.
Service was friendly. They were short staffed so service was a little slow, but the girl cooking took the time to bring my crepe out and chat a little. 
Definitely want to come back with my husband for dessert some time!Pros: Large portions, fresh ingredients, flavorful, decent prices, good service
Cons: The sweet crepe could be improved...
I walked into this cute, casual, cafe-esque spot and got a So Florentine crepe, which was really good! Topped with fresh cherry tomatoes, filled with warm Swiss cheese and spinach, and wrapped in a thin, fluffy buckwheat-and-wheat crepe skin, the So Florentine was a healthy yet satisfying indulgence. 
I also ordered a sweet crepe for dessert --- the So Suzette. The crepe skin was tasty and aromatic, but the grainy veil of normal crystallized sugar on top was off-putting. Powdered or superfine sugar might have been a better touch for such a delicate, sweet crepe...
5 etoiles for the savory, 3 for the sweet. Hence, an average of 4 stars!Ok, so the service was a bit slow when we went... but it was worth it! I had a savory mushroom crepe and it was INCREDIBLE! My nieces had some fruity/chocolate crepes and they were all smiles. This restaurant is definitely a crowd pleaser.Handicapped accessible (hard to find in Center City) and the most delicious savory crepes with mushrooms and brie and then a delectable mouth-watering strawberry crepe with raspberries, white and dark chocolate. Absolutely wonderful.Oh la la!  Highly recommend this cute and understated little place on South Street.  I love the area where this place is.  A ton of unique and cool little restaurants have sprouted up over a couple of blocks on south street.  You really can't go wrong with a crepe but what makes this place is the customer service and the understated nature of this simple and delicious place.  Oh and its byob....so fun and cheap.Terrible. The so chocolate crepe was nothing special and could be easily replicated at home. We had a savory crepe with mushrooms but the crepe batter had a gritty texture to it. Definitely will not be returning.I LOVE THIS PLACE!!! Recently my husband and I had lunch at So Crêpe, at 1506 South Street, where this French fast-food staple is prepared with the same skill and respect you'd think was reserved for haute cuisine. In the course of our conversation with the instantly likable owner, Fabrice, we realized that it was our 3-month anniversary, and then learned that it was his birthday. We both enjoyed our choices (Charles had the So French, I had the So Dog), and Charles, who's French, even said, "C'est bon," when Fabrice asked how the food was. "He NEVER says that!" I told him, "That's very high praise." "But that's because he's French!" Fabrice explained, laughing. He's a product of Lyon where, of course, bad cooking is considered a criminal offense. He produced our crêpes in a matter of minutes, and after we polished them off, he came and chatted and took our dessert order. We shared the So Suzette and it was every bit as delicious as our savory crêpes. So Crêpe is BYOB, but since it was lunch we hadn't brought a bottle. The bill was laughably small, Fabrice was charming, and we were full and entirely satisfied. If you live in the Graduate Hospital area and haven't visited this place, you owe it to yourself. In fact, if you live in the continental United States, GO!!!This is my second time eating at So crepe as a tourist from NY. The place is at the corner of a busy street sandwiched with a bunch of great restaurants, so you can't go wrong.
The inside is nice and clean, and not too noisy. The menu has a good number of savory and sweet crepes. Everything I've tried so far (a total of 6 items) has been good. Most recently I had the salmon crepe with avocado and the crepe Suzette, which were both delicious (see videos attached).
The staff is exceedingly nice and patient with my indecisiveness (because everything is so good). The prices are very affordable with most items costing $5-13. This place is a must if you are a crepe lover.Very good food and excellent service.  The ingredients taste fresh and the three crepes I tasted were all delicious.
I plan to return.Just opened a week ago: chefs are from France and business model is French cuisine at low prices. Tell me about it!!! Awesome food, great people, super prices.
Will definitely be back and looking forward to more restaurants from these guys.We had a restaurant dot com certificate for this place so we decided to try it.  The crepes were very delish and we thoroughly enjoyed our meal.  I had the So Riviera. I will be back and based on previous reviews probably going for the smoked salmon dish.I happened upon this spot while out walking on South Street, and since I was hungry but am dieting, the fare sounded both healthy and tasty. I was quickly served in a friendly way, and the crepe was, in a word, superb. I had the So Smoked, and loved every bite. The crepe itself was the Breton type, made with buckwheat, both healthy and delicious. It was filled perfectly, the portion was satisfying but not stupefying like many American places can be. I loved every bite! I will return for sure as this was as close to perfect as a brunch/lunch can get! So Crepe is SO Wonderful!Delicious, reasonably price, and very filling!! I had the so French savory crepe and the so Washington sweet crepe and they were both outstanding!!! The caramel sauce is out of this world! The chef was very friendly and enthusiastic and the wait staff wasn't too bad either. The decor and general vibe of the restaurant was spot on. Really great coffee. Will definitely be back!Food was amazing, but I'd legitimately give the service here -5 stars if I could. It took us almost two hours to finish a single meal and they completely forgot our full order. We had to keep reminding our waitress that there were three people at our table and needed additional plates, glasses, etc. it wasn't until the chef himself got involved that service picked up to a respectable level.Still the best crepes around. So many flavors seasonal. 
You are NOT at iHOP. So you know. 
These are REAL. Buckwheat crepes are light and flavored. 
Lots of smiles on people faces.I love this place. We were looking for crepes in the city that weren't crazy expensive. Delicious. I had the So Chèvre, my hubby had So dog and my little one had the riviera. All delicious. If you eat just the Dog crepe you may need to order two.Food was amazing, but we came on a Friday night and there was only 1 cook so we had to wait about 1hour for a meal. The chef felt bad and comp'ed our drinks, so it wasn't too bad. We ordered the Spring Crepe and it was delicious.SO AWESOME! the food is so so so delicious served by friendly guys at really good prices! bring your own bottle, but they will open the bottle for you and you'll get the right glass as well.A must-try spot! One of (the many!) foods I learned to love from my trip to France was a good, classic crepe. Luckily, my friend suggested this place for our lunch meetup. 
The ambiance is cozy, the decorations are charming, and the food is superb. I had the "so soft," a crepe with cream cheesed tuna, onions, chives, and tabasco sauce. It wasn't too spicy, but there certainly was a kick to it that I appreciated. My friend had a "so smoked," where the salmon was a little thick but still surprisingly flavorful.
According to the waitress, this place opened not too long ago, so I am very excited to come back and try a sweet crepe the next time I am in the city!J'adore crepes.
Pros: Nice casual ambiance and super friendly staff.  The crepes themselves are perfectly cooked and the savory crepe has a nice buckwheat flavor.  The sweet crepes are very lovely, especially the apple and ice cream one ("so Washington") and the salted caramel crepe ("so caramel").  The prices are also very reasonable (around $6-$7 per crepe).
Con: Being a vegetarian, I would wish for more savory options on the menu.  There's only one permanent veg option on the menu that's enough for a meal- the egg and cheese crepe.  I don't particularly like it, because it's a little dry without some sort of sauce.  It comes with a mouse-like ketchup that is nice, but still doesn't quite balance out the crepe enough.  I would love to see a mushroom sauce or the like added to that crepe. 
I believe there are some summer specials that are veg, so hopefully those will stick around.After a long day I wanted to treat myself to something nice so I decided to try "So Crepe", but it's more like "so crap". I ordered the "so smoked" crepe, hoping that it was going to be as good as some of the reviews below, however, I wasted $9.18. Maybe because I ordered take-out, but for whatever reason, the quality of the crepe was awful. After coming home, I lifted the crepe to see what was inside, and to my surprise, my crepe was filled entirely with aged avocado (posted pictures). I can overlook that, but the crepe was so bland and filled with such a small amount of salmon, all I tasted was buckwheat with sour cream. Save your money, and go to the crepe place at Upenn. One of the worst meal that I ever had. "Quality ingredients ... Not!"They were down a server the day I was there, so it wasn't the best service ...
BUT those crepes though. 
We shared this special nutella crepe which was amazing. I got the classic french crepe, and they added spinach. I definitely want to come back here with some champagne! :)Me and my wife had the so Prosciutto and the so brie crepes. They were to die for. The staff was pleasant and the owner/chef went to everyone's table to find out how they liked their dish. He has such a great personality and you can see he truly cares. I definitely will be back.As we received our check, my lunch date looked at the bill and stated "I could do that all day". I don't know what the crepe economy is really like elsewhere, but apparently, his statement suggested that, when it comes to crepes, we were getting a bargain. So I figured I'd lead with that.
Unrelated to the cost, I've gotta admire So Crepe for a few things. Mostly, the dedication to a theme. Each menu item is "SO _______". Between the two of us, we ordered the SO Smoked (Smoked salmon, avocado, sour cream, chives) and the SO Goat (Goat Cheese, honey, and walnuts). I, personally, scanned the menu for a while looking for the So Raven, a classic buckwheat crepe filled with baked ziti and shrimp & grits [favorite foods of one Raven Symone], but to no avail. So there's a suggestion for the owners.
Our food arrived promptly, but not too fast, giving us a few minutes to savor our drinks and conversation. I'll admit, I had a bit of crepe-envy looking at the So Smoked received across the table (luckily, my lunch partner was all about trading bites). It was incredible. I'm pretty sure neither of us will ever enjoy smoked salmon without avocado in our lives again.
As far as the So Goat or So Chevre, if you like goat cheese.... like.... REALLY like goat cheese, this is the Crepe for you.  I don't think I've ever seen that much Chevre in a single dish in my life. Perfectly complimented by the honey and walnuts for a little sweetness and crunch to go with the tang, I enjoyed every bite. And there were a LOTTA bites. 
Big portions, attentive service, and at more than one point, the owner stopped by the table to inquire about our experience and to wish us a fond farewell.
I, too, could do that all day.  See you soon, So Crepe.This is as good as it gets. Great costumer service, cheap price, quality food, good atmosphere, fresh orange juice what can get better. There is literally nothing I could say to improve on that's why this place deserves a 5 star review. The owner clearly has a passion for his place, hes very friendly the kind of person with charisma, when you talk to them you just feel happier. Though he forgot our water that's a minor minor thing we all forget things sometimes i'm sure it rarely happens. For this kind of experience and it was $10 a dish?! what a steal. Now for $10 i got some bomb ass crepe's that was very good quality and tasted fantastic again great. The atmosphere very simple pleasant and french  ideal for this kinda of restaurant.Loved this place, super cute and the employees were incredibly friendly and excited to be there.  Not quite a quick service place, even though you may think that from the look, but that was perfectly fine for me as I wanted to sit and chat with my friend for a while.  The crepes were good too, I tried the classic (ham, egg and cheese) and my friend had the hot dog crepe.  We were both intrigued by that.  I mean, I love hot dogs, and I love crepes, so why not right?  It came as one large dog wrapped in the crepe with onions and dijon and a side of kraut.  I tried a bite and it was really good!  Who knew you could make hot dog crepes?!  Also, they were very large portions for a very low price, not to mention it's BYO, so it's really a good deal.  Lastly the salted caramel sweet crepe was quite a delightful note to end our meal on (if you don't count how full we both felt).  Would definitely go back here!This place was great! We went on a Friday afternoon for brunch, and really got a lot of bang for our buck. The food was filling, well done (I had an egg and cheese crepe, and my mom had a crepe with shrimp, nuts, and spinach on top), and the service was top-notch. We wanted to have sweet crepes too, but unfortunately we didn't have room. Another time! Would definitely recommend.Authentic, delicious crepes. You can't go wrong with either menu (savory or sweet) they're both filled with yumminess! The restaurant seems to be family-run, and they are very serious about the quality of the food they bring out. Portions are large/very filling and great to share with a group of friends. 
This is one of those restaurants you'd want to bring your parents to when they come visit. After such a great meal (and at a super reasonable price!), it became #1 on that coveted list!Keep on keepin' on, So Crepe.
I met up with a friend of mine here on Saturday (07/26) and had my usual So Smoked salmon crepe (delicious as usual). This time, the temperature was just right inside, and I was surprised it wasn't crowded (it was around 1:30 when we walked in). I guess we must have missed the "peak" brunch crowd or something. I was in the mood for something dessert-y afterwards, so we decided to stick around and order two sweet crepes (I had their seasonal key lime crepe, which came with key lime pie topping, crumbled bits of graham crackers, and two generous portions of whipped cream). My friend had the So Washington (served with caramelized apple and French vanilla ice cream), which was also very good.
I kept my promise, So Crepe. I hope you continue to amaze me.I went on a Friday night with some work friends and everyone thoroughly enjoyed the savory and sweet crepes. We had the so cocotte and so riviera for dinner and the so chocolate, so caramel, and so Washington for dessert. 
The only disappointment was they didn't have ice cream for the washington. But they gave us extra whipped cream which was homemade and very good! 
The service was excellent and the owner was extremely welcoming and made several inquiries throughout the night as to how we were doing. Very friendly! We had a great experience and I'm looking forward to going back to try mother yummy crepe!We came with a restaurant.com voucher.  I've always wanted to try savory crepes and I was not disappointed. I had the So Smoked and Da Mr. had So Dog (he's not adventurous) and for dessert I had the So Caramel and Da Mr. had the So Lunch Box (I repeat - he's not adventurous).  The buckwheat crepe was perfectly delummy with the smoked salmon and avocado.  The So Caramel was  the devil...it was that damned good.  
The owner/chef/French fella was very friendly and came over to check on us a few times.  He made the experience even more enjoyable.Very good and affordable crepes. Lots of space, friendly staff,  and BYOB!Definitely NOT a taste of France.
I love crepes, sweet or savory.   Mine was spinach, and my friend's was mushroom.  The sauces were way too creamy, and the crepes a bit rubbery.  Not impressed at all.  Next time I have a craving, I'll head back to the Reading Terminal Market.Stopped by here in a weekend afternoon, the empty restaurant made me start doubting whether this restaurant is worth trying. We were seated immediately, the waiter was very nice and friendly. We tried so s'more and so French. The so s'more was very impressive, not too sweet but really hit the spot! The so French was ok. It's nice place to get grab something sweet and light.On Valentine's Day my husband and I ate brunch here before a play. We didn't have a reservation but they made room for us anyway and I'm so happy they did. We both had the the So French crepe which  is a whole wheat crepe with two sunny side up eggs, Swiss cheese and ham. It comes with a side of whipped ketchup and creme, which seemed odd but was good.  Service was friendly and attentive too.  We highly recommend this place.I would rate it 3.5 stars. So Crepe is pretty good, but as a pescatarian who doesn't eat dairy, I felt that my options were pretty limited.  It seemed like each crepe had either meat or cheese in it. The dessert crepes were absolutely DIVINE. This is a great place for a date or a group outing.  The server was super friendly, the decor is cute, and the noise level is not loud. It is not a place I would visit regularly, but it is great for a special treat.Finally tried this "so crepe" place and was pleasantly surprised by the size and quality of the crepe. My friend ordered the "so french" (2 sunny side eggs and ham) crepe and I ordered the "so florentine." I was not able to finish while friend delighted in finishing hers. Worth coming to again. Nicely priced. Some interesting items include one with hot dogs and sauerkraut if ever you feel daring. Interior simple and clean. They serve La Colombe French Press for $5. Not bad. C'est bon!Went to So Crepe for Sunday brunch.  Was relatively empty, but still took over 20 minutes to get our food.  This seemed to be a common experience, as the table next to us walked out of the restaurant after not getting their food for quite a while.  
The issue is So Crepe tries to be a sit-down restaurant, but only has one waitress on hand.  This creates a lot of delay in terms of placing your order, getting your check, etc.  We spent almost two hours in there when it should have taken 30 minutes. 
In terms of the actual food, it was serviceable but not incredible. The number of options is limited and the quality is average; definitely not worth the wait.  
Overall, I would say average food and sub-par service seals the below average rating, and I would not recommend So Crepe for other breakfast diners.As far as crepes go, these were good. We had the So Washington and the So chocolate. I'll admit I've had better crepes of bigger size with more filling at other places, and i'd say more delicious and satisfying.I would rate this a three as it wasn't outstanding for me, but it has nice ambiance and pleasant service, and made the checklist of serving good crepes for after dinner dessert so to be generous I give it a four.I've been to So Crepe twice, and both times I've been blown away by the deliciousness. The regular menu of both sweet and savory crepes is not huge, but still manages to contain a wide variety for every taste - I tend to like simpler combinations like the "so french" (Swiss cheese topped with ham and sunny side up eggs) but the second time I was more adventurous and tried the "so riviera" (sauteed shrimp, caramelized walnuts, spinach, balsamic vinaigrette and shaved parmesan) and absolutely LOVED it. They also have some amazing specials like "so prosciutto" or "so keylime" that sound intruiging - I'll definitely back to try them!
In addition to the amazing food, the atmosphere of So Crepe is ideal - a small, quiet restaurant that's great for splitting a few menu items and catching up with friends. The service is very attentive and accommodating, making the whole experience one to enjoy.I really enjoy this place, the atmosphere is really relaxed and the food is great. I can say that the strawberry nuhtella crêpe was fantastic and the Chantilly crêpe was amazing as well. The portion sizes were large and you definitely get quality food for an affordable price. I enjoy when the owner is around, he's a big soccer fan. I remember in 2014 he would play the world cup games, and so we had crepes and soccer!So Crepe - we loved this little creperie!!!!  We both ordered the So French crepe and asked for brie cheese instead of swiss cheese.  The eggs were perfect!!  The crepe was tender!!!The two French owners provide an extremely friendly and cordial atmosphere. The crepes are absolutely delicious, both sweet and savory. Very nice place and clean. Great time had by my wife and girls, who were treated exceptionally by the owners.First time here, and it was great! I got the So Smoked, which had smoked salmon, cream cheese, and avocado. Everything was fresh and delicious. The crepe was soft, but also a little bit crispy. My friend got the So Chevre, which has goat cheese in it. She loved it, but did mention there was a lot of cheese. We also shared a So Washington, which has caramelized apples and French Vanilla ice cream. I'm personally not a big fan of caramel, but it tasted wonderful. Everything was also very affordable--all under $10. Good service and quaint decor. The man who seems to own the place was really nice and went to every table to ask how their food was.So Crepe has been my favorite neighborhood restaurant for years. The dishes are high quality and low price and the staff are wonderful. It's the perfect little BYO for a healthy (depending on what you order) meal in the Graduate Hospital neighborhood. 
Also, I hosted a baby shower at So Crepe this past weekend. I very highly recommend them for brunch/lunch/dinner of large parties. We had 16 guests. Everyone complimented me on my restaurant choice. Since I've been dining at So Crepe for years I know that some crepes take longer to prepare than others. I simply told my guests to eat when their crepe arrived rather than waiting for the whole table to be served. I encouraged them to order another (if they still had room). It made for a casual and delicious dining experience.
The staff were also absolutely wonderful about letting us use their space. They set us up in the back of the restaurant and told us to take as much time as we needed. They let me arrive early to decorate. The guests arrived around 11 and were finished eating by 12:30. We then continued drinking our mimosas and watched the mama open her baby gifts for the next hour. We finally all cleared out around 2. 
Overall a wonderful experience and perfect for bridal/baby/engagement/birthday parties!Great environment. Amazing food. Friendly staff. You really can't complain in this a great place!This place is so good! Love the ambience the customer service is very good as well. I love that the cook/ chef took his time to talk to us about our feedback and its so welcoming here I love it!  
Their juices are freshly squeezed and everything is made from scratch ! The food is filling and light at the same time!
I'm definitely coming back hereI'm not so much of a fan of crepe. Yea, I know. In fact the only crepe I really like is "banh xeo." But even that took me well into my adult years to like. And crepe usually doesn't fill me up. Maybe because I never finish it. I do prefer savory but I feel that it is probably safer to go with sweet. Overall, So Crepe has good service, okay food and is a nice place for a light bite and kinda romantic for couple, but it is not my first choice for brunch, lunch or to snack. I like to get down with more flavor like a good burger. I guess crepe isn't my thing.This place is awesome. Friendly staff and amazing food. I had the smoked salmon and avocado and it was excellent! Make sure to stop in and enjoy a bite!Great crepes good price the owner FRED  is very kind and great costumer service I will recomend this place it's a 5 ++++ ****Came here for a friend's birthday celebration and was so happy this place didn't disappoint! The crepes are delicous and don't feel heavy or too fatty which is wonderful so you can eat and not feel uncomfortably full afterward. Also,  everything is reasonably priced so you can do a dinner and dessert crepe for under $25/person. Also the place is BYOB making it great for a casual night out with friends!I was a little disappointed when I came to this restaurant. They advertise having gluten-free options for crepes but they seemed very uneducated about cross-contamination. They said they clean their surfaces in between making crapes, but I watched the employee making the crapes use the same spatula to spread Nutella on my gluten-free crêpe after spreading it on a non-gluten-free crape and dipping it back into the same shared Nutella. We confronted them about the cross contamination, but they did not seem interested in accommodating my allergy. Needless to say, if you have a true gluten allergy, this isn't the place for you.I have been to So crepe a couple times and each time both the savory and the sweet crepes have been beyond delicious. The crepes are definitely five stars but I had to knock off a star because of the overly and obviously loud kitchen staff. It's happened each time I've gone and they are apparently not aware that the kitchen is connected to the dining area. I now know more about their family and personal life than I care to. Might have to resist coming in because of this hopefully they do takeoutWent here for brunch and had a very enjoyable meal. They can accomodate gluten free; I called ahead and let them know, and they seemed to appreciate that. I ordered a crepe with Brie and arugula, with pine nuts and some sundried tomatoes. The tomatoes came on the top, so I had to kind of cut them and spread them among the crepe myself, but that was find. The gluten free crepe I believe is buckwheat, so a bit heavier/nuttier than the regular crepe. 
The service was very friendly and attentive, and the space is cozy. The prices were very good.I have never reviewed a restaurant before.  However, I have never before been more compelled to do so.
If you have children, DO NOT take them to this restaurant. I went around 4pm with my children and a friend.  We were the ONLY people in the entire restaurant. The way we were treated by the staff was beyond rude. To say they were intolerant of children would be an understatement.  We were glared at during our entire visit. My children were given the "evil eye" stare down on a number of occasions; to the extent that the staff stopped what they were doing in the kitchen to do so. At one point I politely asked about the possibility of getting an additional small dish of ice cream on the side. One of the kiddos crepes came with and one without. You would have thought I asked her to find a live goat, slaughter it, and bring it to me.
The grand finale of this gross mistreatment was when a staff member exited the kitchen area, approached my children directly, pointed a finger at them and said "I'm watching you two."  I assure you it was not in jest.  My friend, who does not have children, was absolutely mortified at the treatment we received.  It was astonishing. I have never, ever, had anything even remotely similar happen to me or my children. 
Aside from the horrendous treatment we received, the food was mediocre at best.  Beau Monde is far superior in both food quality AND friendliness of staff.
On a side note, this visit was almost two weeks ago. I waited to post this review until sufficient time had passed for the initial sting to wear off. I am still outraged.Went here for lunch and was blown away by both the value and quality of food. As a byo, with very reasonably priced meals I can see this place being around for a long time. I had the coquette which was delicious. My girlfriend had the salmon crepe which was also incredibly tasty. Dessert is not to be missed as well. 
For a place to combine ambience, food quality, and price at the same time is very difficult to do. You can have a slightly nicer environment at beau mode but will pay triple for a similar crepe. Overall I was surprised and delighted by this one.I don't want to mess with their mojo, and this is yet another Yelp Instance of wanting to give 4.5 stars, and then deciding whether not to run down or up. This is a newer business so I will round up.
First the food: The crêpes can take just a little while to make, but they are well worth it. Ingredients are simple and fresh-usually there are no more than three or four ingredients per crap. I believe that the crepes are buckwheat, which might be better on some digestions. The functional part aside, they have been consistently delicious!
The service has been friendly, and helpful. It can get a little loud in there if it is crowded-or people are conversing (shouting) in French-but it is otherwise a very pleasant and open space.
You could go there with a friend and have four crêpes: one as an appetizer, one for each entrée, and one for dessert to split. You will be very full, however...
A bien tôt Yelpers!Server was nice but the food... Yuck yuck yuck. I got the chicken one and ya know how when you buy chicken noodle soup from a can and you eat it but in the back of your head your like what's up with this chicken... Like how can it be ok coming from this can. Well it was pretty much the same exact chicken on their crepe. My boyfriend got the egg and ham one and the ham was like chunks of salt. I've had crepes before that were good these were awful. Coffee was good though.Best crepes in Philly and outstanding service!
The owner is French. Can you get more authentic?Loved this place! My boyfriend's mother was in town last night and spotted So Crepe on our way home. We went in shortly before they closed (didn't realize at the time) ordered 8 different crepes and they were all fantastic. The service was wonderful- Everything came out very quickly and everyone was incredibly nice. I'm very excited for my next visit.Authentic french crepes, with excellent prices.
The atmosphere is relaxed, and the owners and servers are friendly. The food was prepared quickly. I cannot think of a single thing that wasn't done well! I highly recommend it!They offer both the buckwheat galettes (for savory) and wheat crêpes (for sweet), which is a sign of authenticity. Simple recipes done right, at amazing prices.
I am French and have lived for decades in Montparnasse (aka Crêpes central in Paris) and I have been to Brittany countless times, so you can trust me on this: these are good crêpes, and they are way better value than Beau Monde (= rip off).Quick review for a pickup order. Food for ready very quickly on time. Very satisfied, great crepes lots of flavors and very friendly service. Highly recommended!So Crepe was so good I so forgot to take pictures of their beautiful (and delicious!) crepes. A large party of us had reserved for a Saturday-night dinner, so we had a chance to try many of the different crepes on the menu. No one was disappointed. 
I had the So Riviera, which was described as more of a salad on top of a crepe - true to it's word this crepe was! Tasty, but I eyed my friends' So Cocotte and So Classic, and think I might try one of those next time. Many of my friends had the So Washington for dessert (they make the caramel in-house) but I could not resist the allure of the So Lunchbox (I'm a sucker for PB&J). Did not regret for one second straying from classic French crepes.
For those who are gluten-free note that you can request an all-buckwheat crepe although be sure to make certain they know that you have issues with cross-contamination, if that's an issue for you. The chef and wait staff were careful to ask, which is always appreciated.
People - you so need to get to So Crepe so right now. If you are so over the high prices for crepes at other locations in Philly (ahem, ahem) you will be thrilled with this. And BYO! Katie never says no. xoxoI enjoyed a delicious, friendly and affordable dinner with friends at So Crepe and couldn't be more pleased with the meal!  I'm thrilled to have them join the neighborhood and look forward to going here often!   Tre bien!The crepes were one of the best I've had. Their selection  is awesome. I had the smoked salmon crepes with avocado which was all around awesome. But the smores crepes were the best! Made with chocolate and marshmallows  with additions of graham crackers that made for a nice crunch  with the sweet flavors in your mouth already.We enjoyed our dinner at So Crepe.
Tried 3 kinds of crepes:
1. So champignon was tasty, with creamy mushrooms, and truffle cream.
2. So riviera was like salad on a crepe, nice, very fresh. Different from how I usually think of crepes.
3. So caramel with salted caramel made a really nice finish to our meal.
Good friendly service.Stopped by last night for dinner and was pleasantly surprised with this new restaurant! As a French native, my creperie expectations are pretty high, and So Crepe did an excellent job. BYOB, short Menu, No prices over $10, traditional crepes with a twist here and there...! I personally picked the Savory So Cocotte (Grilled Chicken, and Spicy Dijon Mustard in a creamy sauce) and the famous Sweet Crepe Suzette (Caramelized sugar and butter, with Some Grand Marnier flambe). My guests really enjoyed their meal too. I will definitely come back with family, friends, and even clients!!! All the best to the owners Fabrice & Frederic.Enjoyed a few crepes from this BYOB location... I really don't think you can go wrong.  Everyone was very friendly and welcoming.  I had a first date here, which was alright - the atmosphere is a little bright, and could be improved if they want a more intimate atmosphere, but I think they want to show off all the wonderful ingredients.  Overall great food and experience.Simple and Small menu but SO worth it. Perfect place for something sweet or savory.This is definitely so CREPE/great!!! I love this place. 
Riviere (shrimp) 5/5 - EXCELLENT beyond belief. Light but filling. If you're looking for a healthy option, this is it. It had a light wasabi touch to it that brought out a brilliant flavor. The only difficulty was that the crepe isn't wrapped and has the leaves on top, so you'll have to practice for fork and knife skills.
Chocolate 5/5 - amazing. Completely amazing. The Nutella and strawberries went excellently together but the best part was so light the actual crepe was. Definitely recommend! It also didn't taste too sweet, which was great.Really fun and great crepes!  The chef even taught my nephew some French while he was cooking.  Can't go wrong with the savory or sweet, but my nephew's PBJ with bananas was incredible!Good stuff! Friendly place, the chefs were right there and super friendly, you could see your food being made, great waiting staff. And most importantly good food at reasonable prices!So Crepe was a new addition to my neighborhood many months ago, and I've always said I would try it.  I finally did, and can't wait to go back for more!  We at here Saturday around noon, there was no wait, so we chose a table near the front window so we could people-watch on South street.  The owner, so friendly, sweet, and totally French, really shows that he cares about you and your experience here.  It was very nice to see how genuine he was!  Loved the hospitality!
The food look a little longer to cook and to be brought to our table, but probably because there was a huge party that ordered right before us.  Our waitress was somewhat pre-occupied with the large party and sort of forgot about us a few times, but its OK, we weren't in a rush.  
The So Chevre crepe was delicious!  Packed with so much goat cheese, with just enough drizzle of honey and walnut bits.  The side spinach leaves had a delicious dressing on it also.  The So original crepe was very good, I loved the presentation of the corners flipped up into a square with the two fried eggs in the middle.  The melted swiss all over the bottom was great.  The So Chocolate crepe was dissappointing, there was not nearly enough chocolate!  The bananas and strawberries were enough to sweeten it up, but it really needed triple the amount of chocolate that was actaully drizzled on top.  Moral of the story:  Order the "Savory" crepes, not the sweet ones LOL.  
I will be back soon!  There's a "So Brie" crepe on the spcials menu that I must try asap.  BYOB is great!  I will bring some champagne next time!  And, the prices are great!  All crepes are under $10, most of them around $7-$8.  We had 3 crepes,  coffee, and stuffed bellies for only $24!  So awesome.came here for brunch and its great. affordable and byob, and yummy. One crepe is enough to fill you! nice space and not so crowded.Real French experience. I was pleased to find that place, and discuss with the owners who are sure nice. Felt a little bit like home :)The coffee was good, and the staff was nice.  The crepes, however, are just okay.  Not bad by all means, but just okay.We took our daughter today after her doctors appointment. She loves paris and france and was so excited to see where we ended up taking her. Her face lit up when we ordered these crepes. The owner was so friendly and asked her which one was her favorite. I would tell anyone and everyone about this place and i will be back soon with our family. Thank you for such an amazing time and adventure and we will see you guys soon.The So Smoked is the best meal I have had in Philly to date! I absolutely love this place! They have amazing coffee. This chef does not get enough credit for his dishes! This place is a must for anyone touring Manayunk. Seriously skip Winnie's and head for the place across the street!!!The first time I had crepes it was in Harajuku, Japan from a food truck. The second time was in a famous place, or so my friend told me, in LA, CA. This is the third time.
The decoration was nice and the server was friendly. I was hungry and ordered a So Chocolate as soon as the waiter came by with water. I came on a Sunday for lunch and the tables were half full, so I thought I would get my food quickly but it took at least ~15min and I was given a strawberry/banana crepe.....eventho I said "just strawberries, lots of strawberries" when ordering. I found this place based on Yelp review, the server was nice and I'm sure she'd be willing to switch the crepe but I was hungry and did not want to wait another 15min for a crepe. The gentlemen who handed my check later was attentive enough to ask if everything was good, but I was in a hurry and didn't want to raise the issue. 
As for the crepe itself, IT WAS TASTY. That was my thought at first bite and stayed with me until the last bite. So Chocolate is a crepe with whipped cream and chocolate drizzle and "your choice of fruit" (banana, strawberry or both). The chocolate sauce is not a decoration but have a wonderful rich chocolaty flavor. The whipped cream was light, not oily, sweet but not too sweet. The crepe is thin and slightly chewy. One of my pet peeve when ordering fruit dessert is the lack of fruit, but here there's enough fruit in every bite. All the flavors worked so perfectly together. I didn't feel stuffed afterward, but I was drinking water while eating it and did feel full. It was definitely worth the price. 
It's best to come if you are ready to enjoy your food leisurely. I assume the order mix up is not a regular occurance, so I didn't tip as much as I usually do, but I would come here again to try the other crepes.After a long day, these affordable crepes did the trick! The food is made with lots of TLC, so although the store looks like a quick bite, allow about 15 minutes for your food to get to table. It's also BYOB-- although super unpretentious. Good place to have a chill midweek dinner.Loved this place.  I had actually never had a savory crepe before (at least that I can remember) so my boyfriend and I decided to try this place for brunch on a frigid Sunday.  It did not disappoint!  I had the So French and my boyfriend had the So Florentine.  The savory crepes are a good size and very filling.  The Swiss cheese they use is divine!
We loved them so much that we had to split a sweet crepe for dessert.  We decided on the So Chocolate with strawberries and it was mmm mmm delicious. 
I will definitely be back here to try more crepe creations! This place is a must try for anyone with a crepe craving.
I am taking a star off for the service.  It wasn't the worst but it wasn't anything to write home about.  I think they should consider having more than one poor girl serving the entire place.A nice, authentic, French-owned restaurant with delicious crepes!  If you are in the neighborhood, do yourself a favor, stop by, and buy a savory crepe and a dessert crepe.  You can't go wrong.  Oh, and it's BYO...even better!  This is a great spot for a nice, relaxed date, or a good meal :) We had the goat cheese crepe which was to die for and the So Chantilly crepe (which made me think of my years spent in France).   
Did I mention the food, service, ambiance, and price can't be beat? :)If you're looking for a cheap brunch option, but (a) aren't hungry enough to scarf down 2 meals in 1, or (b) aren't looking to wait outside for 1 hour, might I suggest So Crepe?
The food is great and cheap ($3-10), and the place is even BYO! I had the hardest time deciding which crepe to get since they have a variety of sweet and savory crepes, in addition to their daily specials. I ended up impulsively and unregrettably getting the So S'more, which had more chocolate than marshmallow or graham cracker. A friend ordered a crepe (maybe the So Suzette?) that they lit on fire at the table! talk about a surprise! Just 1 crepe is probably just enough for those who aren't the hungriest; if you're on an empty stomach, I'd suggest ordering 2 crepes or sharing 3 with a friend.
Servers were nice, but we had to wait quite a while to get our food. I really liked the interior feel -- simplistic and homey. A solid 4-star experience!my friend and I ordered both savory and sweet, the So Champignon (one of the specials) and the So Chantilly. they were both amazing, and the first bite of the champignon blew me away. the flavors were on point, and so good, I highly recommend this place! service was nice, it was quite busy, we didn't have a reservation but there were tables available rt away when we were there, and it's such a great price for the quality of food that I'll definitely make myself a regular there.Our server was very attentive and the menu extensive. I wasn't as impressed with my crepe (so smoked) as I thought I'd be. It'd be better with cream cheese, as opposed to sour cream.Great Crepes and good service.. If u like Crepes must go here. Best in Philly! If u like goat cheese try 'so blue'. Enjoy!Atmosphere is great, really clean!
The owner was there and greeted us very friendly.
The crepes were tasty and ingredients very fresh.I probably give out five star reviews too indiscriminately, but this place is a true, five-star gem. Amazing food, amazing presentation, amazing quality, everyone there is a joy to be around, and the French owners are wonderful. They could easily open a second location in Rittenhouse and charge twice what they charge here, and I wouldn't bat an eye. I'm not saying that I want them to raise prices, but I feel like I'm stealing from them every time my wife and I go there for brunch and get out of there with a $20 bill. We make up for it by going all the time. It's not a tough sell.BYOB, and I have yet to try something bad here. For savory crepes the cocotte with mustard sauce is a winner, and for sweet the suzette and chocolate are my favorites. Open kitchen so you can watch the chefs/co-owners at work (and overhear them talking to each other in French). Simple, quality ingredients done well is how I would sum up the restaurant.I have been here a few times and I'm always very pleased! My Nutella w strawberries and bananas was delicious!I've been here twice, and I have to say their so smoked crepe is the best (smoked salmon, avocado, sour cream, chives, and a smear of balsamic vinegar on the side). I was here on Saturday (03/01) with my friends and the place was busy but not packed. My friends ordered the so riviera crepe (shrimp, caramelized walnuts, fresh spinach, balsamic vinaigrette and shaved Parmesan cheese) and I had the smoked salmon, which did not disappoint. We still had some room left over for dessert, so one of my friends ordered the so chocolate crepe (it was topped with Nutella, so you know it was awesome), while my other friend and I split the so chantilly (sprinkled with sugar and topped with strawberries and whipped cream).
Everything was delicious, and the servers didn't rush us, which was great, because my friends and I can get rather chatty over a meal, especially when we haven't seen each other in a while and are catching up. The only minor detraction I have is the lack of proper climate control; it was very warm when we initially sat down, but over the course of the meal, the temperature steadily dropped until we were almost shivering as we paid our tab. I'm guessing the people who work there turned down the thermostat because of all the heat generating from cooking crepes, but still, my friends and I weren't prepared for that.
As we left, the owner (I'm assuming) gave us a big smile and told us to come back soon. I promised him we would, and I don't intend on reneging on that promise.Best crepes in the city hands-down. Great service, quality ingredients. Had a simple dessert crepe (in addition to the hot dog crepe w/ dijon - 10/10) with strawberries. Had the best homemade whipped creme on it. Will 100% be returning.This is a pretty great crepe. We ordered the Washington which was supposed to have ice cream and apples. Unfortunately they were out of ice cream and did not offer us a discount, just whipped cream, which is not an adequate substitute in my opinion. 
The crepe itself was exquisite, crepe batter cooked in complex brown butter. A smooth eggy mouthfeel. This is a really good crepe.
The inside was OK. The apples were more like apple butter and did not taste extremely fresh. Without the ice cream, the apples were a bit bitter. The whipped cream was good, but didn't do enough to counter the mouthfeel of the dense apple filling. Bummer.The food was very good.  I ordered a So Smoked, Avocado, Smoked Salmon, and a Dill Cream sauce.  It was very enjoyable.  The orange juice was fresh squeezed and the cappuccino was super good.  Would go back to visit again.My friends and I went to So Crepe for a birthday celebration. I love So Crepe and have talked about it since I first went last year. They were thoroughly impressed. The crepes are thin, i.e. perfect, and the toppings are well prepared. It's like being in France while in South Philly.I'm really glad a friend brought me here. This place is so fantastic and so decently priced (less than $10 for most crepes, and even less for the sweet ones)! It's also BYOB.
I got the so chocolate, and it was yum! They have a huge variety of sweet and savory crepes so it's perfect for really any meal of the day (or a snack!). The environment is crisp and clean, and just feels so refreshing. The place is sit down, but has an open kitchen so you can watch the chefs prepare the crepes. Definitely hoping to come back again to try more flavors!The service was excellent as was the food.  Extremely friendly and helpful wait staff.  I had the, So Champignon: Mushrooms and ham in a bechamel sauce with bits of porcini, it was rich and wonderful.  Other crepes enjoyed by my family was the So Smoked, So Cocotte "Turned blue", and So Chocolate which were all enjoyed immensely.We have been lucky to travel in France several times and experience really good authentic crepes.  So Crepe is just as delicious, and that combined with a friendly staff and atmosphere, it has become a place that we have gone multiple times.  During our last trip, we had the So Washington, a caramel, apple, and whipped cream crepe that tastes like fall.  We also had a daily special key lime pie crepe that was amazing.  Usually key lime pie is overly sweet, but this one was perfect.  Finally, we had our son with us, and they made him a So Simple, a classic sweet crepe with sugar and lemon juice.  We have had many of these simple crepes while traveling, and this one is the best that we could remember.  Overall a great dinner.Really great ideas.  Good food - and they take open table reservations.  Sometimes depending on who is cooking crepes look differently but alway taste delicious!  One of my favorite spots for a quick lunch on South Street West!Ugh! So I was starving and there was no food in the house. I walked down to So Crepe because there was no wait like the other breakfast spots on that block of south street, and I've been meaning to try it. I love crepes. 
I walked in.  No greeting. I was confused if I should just sit down or if somebody would seat me. The cook told me that the waitress would be right with me, she then told me to sit anywhere.
I ordered the So Classic which is Swiss cheese and two sunny eggs. I thought, can't go wrong with that. The crepe was rubbery and came with a weird whipped cream. Later found out through Yelp reviews it's a ketchup whipped cream. I didn't see it on the menu and the waitress didn't tell me what it was. It may be on the menu though. There was nothing remarkable about my brunch. The coffee was good. My non attentive waitress didn't ask me if I wanted a refill, which would of been nice. 
At the end of my meal, I felt terribly ill. Like I was going to throw up, stomach turning sick. I quickly paid and walked home, hoping I didn't throw up in the middle of the street. When I got home I went to bed. Then took some pepto. 
Needless to say, I won't be back. Bad service, bad food and possible food poisoning. Not a good combo.So Crepe was a really tasty surprise on south street. slightly off the beaten south street path (15th st), it still sported delicious food and a new eating experience.
My girlfriend and I had brunch here last Sunday and around 10am it was fairly empty. I had the chocolate and banana, she had the ham and swiss. Hers tasted much better as I suppose in afterthoght I was seeking for more savory than sweet but they were both well made right before our eyes (kitchen is exposed) and the presentation was very well done.
The orange juice was fresh squeezed and very pulpy so if you're not into pulp you'll want to ask if she can strain it out or avoid it outright. Our waitress could have been slightly more present (only stopped by to take our order and deliver food) considering the few patrons but it wasn't a big deal.
All said, So Crepe was a wonderful new experience and I would definitely recommend it if you are in the mood for crepes or looking to try something new!Awesome Crepes! 
Awesome Latte!
Great Service!
Warning! This place is addictive! 
But if you must. Try the So Chantily Bananas.
So good I ordered it twice!Great food and a friendly staff of adorable French men ;)
Get the smoked salmon crepe - MmmAfter my January trip to Paris and spending days eating croissants and crepes, I searched diligently for an American equal to hold me over when my Parisian cravings strike! Disappointment after disappointment found me until I decided to try So Crepe.
I don't give out many 5 star ratings, but this place definitely earned theirs! I was greeted upon entry with a genuine smile and hello and told to sit wherever I wanted. A cold bottle of water was left on the table so I could refill my water at will (which is awesome, since I drink water like crazy!). 
I ordered the So Suzette which is described on the menu as Grand Marnier, sugar, and whipped cream, but I asked if it was possible to make it with a squeeze of lemon and Orange the way I had it in Paris. The Chef/greeter smiled and explained the original would take a bit longer to make but he would see what he could do. Sure enough, I got what I wanted and it was amazing! He seemed really excited to make my request and even asked how it came out. He was very sincere and seemed eager to please; very customer service oriented!
When I'm feeling nostalgic for those Parisian crepes, I'll look no further than So Crepe!Nice place on South street. I ordered So Riviera ($9) which had about 8-9 pieces of shrimp, tons of spinach, shaved parmesan and basically no walnuts. The portion was pretty big and rather than a traditional crepe, it was more like a salad split on a crepe. Worth trying; So Smoked looks good too but the price is higher ($10).I have ordered Uber eats from here a few times and I am never disappointed. Late-night sugar craving? Order so crepe! It's so good. And I usually have some special requests written in the side bar when I order, they never fail to accommodate me. I will have to go in and try some savory crepes, I'm sure they are just as delish as the sweet ones!Great flavor, perfect moisture, perfect cooking, large and well presented plates with a lot to taste and enjoy. 
Glad to see there will be a second location soon. 
It is as good as it gets. Very much like the crêpes you can enjoy in the best locations in Brittany.Been trying to find a good crepe place in Philly (no luck) until now!! These crepes were so delicious and the owner is so sweet! Service is quick and very affordable! Will definitely be back! 
We had so chocolate with strawberries and bananas and a so French!Best creperie in Philadelphia. All items are reasonably priced and delicious!
The owners are French, so if you are looking for an authentic crêpe experience, So Crêpe is your place. Most ingredients are homemade, or shipped from high quality Italian or French vendors. 
Highly recommend trying both a savory and sweet crêpeMy husband and I spent some time in the Bay Area and although we weren't fond of most things there, we loved that crepes were everywhere, as opposed to almost nowhere in Philly.  So when I stumbled upon So Crepe, I had to stop in.
The place is really cute and it's a BYOB, which is perfect for weekend brunches (mimosas anyone?!) The chef was very friendly and apologized for being out of one of the special crepes of the day.  
The menu is rather slim for a crepe place.  I can't have eggs, which made choosing a savory crepe quite difficult, since most contain eggs.  
I settled on a special crepe that had mushrooms and béchamel.  It was good, but I found the consistency of the crepe to be weird.  It was dark and looked whole-wheat, but maybe crepes are made differently here than in CA?
We also tried a sweet crepe, which was pretty tasty.  I'd definitely like to give So Crepe another try as their Specials board boasted some delicious-sounding concoctions.Came here with a gift certificate.  Found parking close by (that's a plus).  Met up with a friend to catch up.  The service was friendly and simple, our server could have been a bit more personable though, but to each his own.  
Prices were fantastic - for what you get - you are definitely getting your money's worth. Flavor was delicious.  Problem is, we both ordered from the special/seasonal menu and they were so delicious i'd want the same thing every time.  The menu itself is pretty limited, but then again it's a small space. Crepes are huge - if you can finish one, i applaud you! 
Decor is nice, the back has a cool accent wall, bathrooms are clean and neat. 
I may have to visit again to make a better assessment ordering something different this time.
Did have a bit of a problem closing up our ticket, the server forgot to use my gift cert. she was able to fix it but it did take a little time.Delicious and affordable food. The portions were large; three crepes were more than enough for two people! It's a wonderful addition to the west side of South Street.The crepes were delicious - not quite the Paris experience, but a fine place for brunch none the less.  The real stunner was the fresh squeezed orange juice.  The savory crepe I had for lunch was satisfying, but my hunch is that their best work is with sweet crepes.Went for brunch a week or two ago. I got the So Riviera crepe which had baby spinach leaves (raw) and marinated shrimp on it along with parmesan cheese shavings. It was served on a warm plain crepe with balsamic vinaigrette. It was really good! Filling, but not so that you feel heavy and awful about yourself. The prices were really reasonable and the portion size was perfectly sufficient. 
Wouldn't mind stopping by again for a snack or brunch again! **It is BYOB, just keep that in mind!One of my favourite casual restaurants in Philadelphia. The French chef (and owner??) is so nice and very attentive. Try the salmon crepe, it's amazing! The restaurant is clean and charming, and the prices are incredibly reasonable.After reading all the positive reviews and looking at the menu, I decided to check this place out. It's clean and cute, but the food is nothing exceptional. To say it was bland isn't entirely accurate, but there wasn't a trace of any French flare either. I ordered the So Champignon, which was mushrooms and ham in a bechamel sauce. It wasn't good or bad, just blah. It seemed on par with a lean cuisine, tastewise. In short, though the service was fine, I wouldn't return unless maybe I wanted to try a sweet crepe. My guess is those might be better than their attempt at savory. I mean, how do you screw up chocolate or ice cream? The bathroom was clean, so I gave an extra point for that.
Oh, and if you're familiar with Crepes and Waffles in Colombia, don't expect this place to be similar. There's no comparison - C&W is far superior, so if that's what you're looking for, don't eat here.What a wonderful little crepery! We went there before a theater performance. Ordered two savory crepes and a sweet one. All were delicious! It is BYOB. We brought our wine and there was no corking fee.  The staff was super friendly and food presentation was beautiful. The cook came and chatted with us. Asked what we thought about the meal and made recommendation for the next visit based on our feedback.
Some of the crepes on the menu are very authentic, so if you won't like buckwheat crepes, just let them know and they'll adapt to your taste. Or just go for the sweet ones - you can't go wrong with any of those. They do whatever modifications you ask for - vegetarian, more whipped cream, less butter, add veggies, remove spinach, etc. 
When we came, there were only 2 other customers there, which worried us. I don't know why it was slow that night. The food was delicious, the atmosphere is pleasant and the place is clean. And it was really inexpensive! We ordered 3 crepes and a tea. The total was $23. I don't remember having a decent meal in that part of the city for this little for.... ever. 
Highly recommend it!Food is so yummy and very reasonably priced! I've been there twice now, and both times I've enjoyed my experience and left pleasantly full. Always forget that there is a byob option - next time! Waitstaff is very friendly and accommodating.Great place, great food. The owner is a really nice guy! Overall success. I highly recommend!To be honest, I had higher hopes for this place. I'd say that So Crepe is So Average. I was ecstatic with the positive and glowing reviews on Yelp, but I'd have to say that my experience here was only mediocre. 
The place is clean, beautifully decorated, and cutesy. The vibe is on point- sleek and minimalist. We came for an early dinner (around 5:30 PM) and there was no one else in the restaurant, which in my opinion made the experience all the more awesome.
The menu is small, but the selection is great. Our table of 5 opted to split 3 savory crepes and 2 sweet crepes, which was plenty of food to go around. Portion sizes are definitely substantial (though the crepes are light and thin and so I'd definitely say one person could eat an entire crepe). We chose the So Brie (one of the specials), So Cocotte, and So Florentine. On the sweet side, we opted for the So Washington and So Simple. 
My overall feeling is that the crepes were slightly underwhelming from the flavor point of view. The presentation of the crepes was fabulous-- immediately upon seeing the dishes come to our table, my mouth was watering. However, with successive bites I realized that there really just wasn't anything too special about the flavors or ingredients or textures. Perhaps I'm just not a huge fan of crepes in general, but I still felt as though something was missing.
The So Brie crepe was my favorite, but that's because I'm a huge fan of brie cheese. This one was a bit dry and could have used some aioli or pesto or something to make it a bit richer. Even though it was packed with ingredients that I loved (pine nuts, arugula, sun-dried tomatoes), the overall effect was still a bit of a let-down. 
The So Florentine was pretty standard-- cheese, spinach, tomatoes. I wasn't awe-struck by this one by any means.
The So Cocotte was simple, with a creamy sauce and chicken. This one had a bit of a kick with the sauce, but I definitely would have liked more ingredients... chicken and sauce seemed a bit too simple for my liking.
The So Washington was good but not excellent as well. Get this one if you are a fan of apple pie or apple desserts!
I will say that the crepe batter is deliciously thin and fluffy, which is why I loved the So Simple so much. At just $3.50, this is definitely a must-try! The hints of lemon were delicious to compliment the sugar. 
Overall, chic ambiance and cute service (the owner noticed we were all freezing from the pouring rain outside and asked us if he should adjust the temperature inside of the restaurant), extremely affordable and good portion sizes. However, that special something to make crepes outstanding was just SO lacking.Came for a boozy BYO brunch on Halloween morning, and it was the perfect place despite being our plan B (Little Spoon was on a half hour wait). Three of us each ordered a So French (buckwheat crepe, swiss cheese, generous portion of ham and fried egg on top). These were huge, filling yet light, well priced, and delicious. We also ordered a pitcher of OJ for mimosas and an iced coffee, both of which were perfectly satisfactory. Didn't have enough stomach capacity to try a sweet crepe, but I have a feeling I'll be back pretty soon.
Note* - the So French came with whipped ketchup (a combo of ketchup and whipped cream) which sounds vomit-worthy but was actually delish.Amazing place: food is delicious, waiters are nice, place is pleasant.  The only thing I would add, is some more meat choices. I feel like after few times going there I will not have any choice.So Crepe is a very nice and quaint restaurant on South Street. They have really reasonable prices for crepes and have a decent variety.  They have a main course and a dessert crepe menu. I tried the salmon and avocado crepe that was a great healthy option. It tasted okay and the ingredients were really fresh. I tried a basic honey and sugar crepe too that was really good. The server was really nice and accomodating. Seems like a nice brunch place as well as it is BYOB. Overall a really good, affordable crepe restaurant.Enjoyed a lovely Mother's Dad brunch here with my daughter and family. The food was great and the service was excellent.  I had the ham and cheese crepe, delicious! 
I'll definitely be back to try out other menu items. Don't forget to BYOB because there is nothing better than bubbles with crepes!!!
I also wanted to comment to any wheelchair bound crepe fans out there - the floor plan is designed with wheelchair guests in mind, thank goodness. The restroom is totally accessible, plenty of room to turn your chair around, use the sink etc, great design.  My husband is in a wheelchair and all too often we enjoy a lovely meal only to find that there is no way for him to access or use the facilities, not a pleasant way to end the afternoon or evening.
Thanks for a great meal and for the effort you put into designing a place where we all can relax and enjoy
See you soonA great addition to south street. Good crepes and french fare. The owner and family seem to care about their product..and it shows in the reviewsWe tried So Crêpe for the first time and were not disappointed. This place is a welcome addition to the wave of newcomers in the burgeoning Graduate Hospital restaurant scene.  In the bonanza of brunch options every Sunday we were happy try something off the beaten path.
We arrived just after opening and immediately seated ourselves.  The interior was clean and efficient, perhaps more Swede than French. Our table was packed a little tight to our neighbor, but such was the price for a prime window seat; perhaps adding the 'European experience'.
The coffee was pretty decent, and the menu was refreshingly simple- broken into Savory and Sweet. Each gives an opportunity to experiment or take the safe-route. My fiancé and I went in either direction; myself opting for the 'So French', while she went for the intriguing 'So Smoked'. 
There really isn't a need to beat the details to death. French cuisine is about a harmony of relatively few ingredients. After a modest wait we were brought the largest stuffed crêpes I've ever seen. The ingredients were fresh and balanced. On at least 2 occasions the owner approached our table to discuss our meal and seemed to genuinely appreciate our patronage. I'd recommend the So French for anyone looking for the simplicity of breakfast-swine and eggs.  It was tasty, tremendously filling and fresh.  My fiance's dish was more of a flavor train.  With smoked salmon, avocado, and sour cream it was an unexpected delight. Obviously very smoky and savory, the avocado delivered a nice balance to the saltiness while the sour creme muted the acidity.  The owner confessed that it was his favorite.
All in all I would definitely recommend this place as an alternative to the formulaic brunch routine of most venues. The interior could use some 'details' and the furniture was simply adequate. In some ways this lends to an authentic European dining experience, and the enthusiasm of the server and owner was refreshing, even on a Sunday morning.  The 'sweet' options look amazing, and we'll likely consider this place for dessert in the near future.My sister and brother-in-law took my wife and me here for my wife's birthday present. They had been several times, and my sister is systematically working her way through the modest menu, trying everything; she's yet to be disappointed. 
With a build-up like that we were cautiously optimistic. And it was even better than we'd allowed ourselves to think. Our savory crepes were perfect, and quite filling, so we split the smaller dessert crepe (So Caramel), which was amazing.
The chef/waiter/host was friendly, pleasant, cheerful ... and very busy.
We would (make that "shall") happily return.I went here for super late brunch. The staff is super nice and friendly.
The place is clean, warm and cozy - perfect for breakfast / brunch.
I ordered So Cocote with Dijon Mustard - It's So Delicious!
Considering the food quality, taste, portion and the service, the price is cheap.
Great service - Clean cozy atmosphere - Tasty great food.
I would definitely come back.This place was fantastic! A really unexpected treat.
First, I called ahead with a question and actually spoke to the owner, who was courteous and attentive and made me confirm that I wanted to give it a try. I went with a couple of friends on a weekday evening, and it was completely empty in there. However, this just meant that we got the most attentive service from the one woman working that night. She was kind and worked very quickly.
The food was excellent- actually, much better than I really expected from crêpes here in Philly. They tasted like what I had had in France! But they also had American-style portion sizes and interesting twists on the traditional. It was also reasonably priced, and BYOB. 
I will most definitely tell people all about this place, and will definitely return.Ate here yesterday for the first time.  Everything was excellent:    the chairs are very comfortable and the ambiance pleasant -- French music and news permeate the air.  The crepes we had - the "So French" - were delicious.  The orange juice was fresh-squeezed.  The owner was quite sweet and came over to ask how everything was, as there were only a few people in the restaurant at the time.   He was a rather kind and genuine fellow.  I wish him and his restaurant well.  What a superb addition to the neighborhood!Well we learned our little one never had a crepe so this place jumped out while walking the city. This will fill the spot until Paris.So Crepe was so delicious! My fiance and I got a restaurant.com coupon. It was lunchtime, so we decided on the savory crepes. I got the So Crocette that had chicken and dijon mustard sauce and he got the So French - a Swiss cheese, egg and ham creme. We both were amazed and ate every bite. I liked his even though I don't normally like Swiss cheesy or runny eggs! My chicken was tender and the sauce tasted so fresh and homemade. We were going to get a dessert crepe, but were so full from our meals that we didn't. We will definitely be back for them though! It is such a cute little cafe and the waitress and chef were very friendly. I loved the Parisian accents. Can't wait to try more of their crepes and next time we'll bring some wine since it's BYOB! :) Au Revoir.Love there So Peanut Butter (dark chocolate, Nutella and peanut butter) crepe and the Mocha latte. The crepe is thin and delightful. It has a perfect combination of dark chocolate and peanut butter. The peanut butter is not overwhelming.
I am very picky about my Mocha latte. Most cafes made Mocha latte that's too sweet that the chocolate overpowering the coffee. So Crepe's Mocha latte has nice flavor of dark chocolate with perfect sweetness.
I'll surely come back and try their savory crepes next time.Walked here with my mom before seeing a show at the academy of music. First off, byob! Then, staff is friendly and crepes are delicious and reasonably priced! Had both savory and sweet crepes obviously and it was fantastic! Definitely come to this cute little place.Food: 3
Decor: 3
Ambiance: 3.5
Service: 4.5
Value: 4
Affordable, but there are definitely better crepe experiences to be had in Philadelphia (Beau Monde).Crepes here are very affordable ($6 and up), freshly made and tasty, and you get to eat them in a spacious and clean dining room. To my surprise, I found that you can get the So Chocolate with all three available fruits (strawberries, bananas, and mango). I thought this would be a casual eating place but there's table service too, which kicks it up a notch. The service was decent and attentive too. I'd be interested in coming back again to try the savory crepes.I absolutely love this little gem. Most brunch places in Philadelphia don't take reservations and the long waits make it awkward for groups of more than 4 people. 
So Crepe makes delicious crepes with very friendly staff, and just far away (yet in central city) that you can make reservations and find a table (outside or inside). 
I always get creative with the menu here, getting a crepe, two eggs and avocado to make the meal especially healthy. 
I brought a bunch of friends here and they insisted we come back the next time, and we did! And will be happy to come back again!Major misprint on the sign outfront, it should say "more crap"!
As per my usual rule, before I leave a less than 3 star review, I make sure to go back and eat a second time, and my second experience was even worse than my first.
The crepe was a bit heavy and dry, more of a pancake.  The latest I tried was their autumn special with grilled butternut squash and goatcheese.  The squash was different thicknesses and textures with some parts burnt and others not quite done.  The goatcheese was in large clumps and the total lack of melting gives you an indication of the temp of the crepe itself when served.
The ham and cheese with egg was also barely room temperature and the fried egg was smothered in butter (as if it were fried that way), and had some unset eggwhite still.
The service was somehow even worse than the food.  My cup of tea took over 15 minutes to get honey (and it should be mentioned there were only 3 other tables seated).  There were two of us eating, both ordering one dish and both ordering at the same time.  My friend got his plate after 4-5 minutes after ordering.  I received my plate at 12 minutes after ordering (a good 3 minutes after my friend finished eating!). 
Bad food, even worse service.  Not worth a third visit.Perfect place for a light dinner. My fellow dinner guests all ordered dessert crepes and I ordered a dinner crepe. I did not care for the dinner crepe, but they loved the dessert crepes.  Prices are extremely low and the staff was very nice to us.  I think this might have been a 5 star review if I had had the dessert crepe.Sweet charming place! With simple yet tasteful decor, So Crepe was just right for a cozy outing. 
We visited on a quiet Friday evening, and I was instantly charmed by the cute little details of the place, including the decorative naming of the crepes and the specialties written out on the chalkboard. The various compositions of different crepes on the menu all sounded pretty great that I had trouble choosing what I wanted (a welcome adversity that I commonly face at eateries), but eventually we decided to share one savory & one sweet crepe. They were both delicious; the So Riviera resembled a salad on top of a crepe, and the So Washington came with a classic apple filling, caramel drizzle, and vanilla ice cream. I would note that in my opinion, the plates were only moderate in portion size - on a typical night, I probably would have probably needed to order a third crepe to share to feel full. 
Overall, I had a very pleasant experience and would like to return to try their other options!Would def. go back but POOR SERVICE!!
Only 4 stars because the service was horrible. The waitress' would ignore us and give the drinks after the meal came even asking for them 3 times. I would understand if it was busy but it wasn't . 
Try the hummus crepes, delicious!! We tried a bunch of crepes, they were all big and cheap and tasteful. 
The Washington crepe was blah 
Nutella crepe was good!!So good. Solid assortment of savory and sweet crepes. Definitely about the simple crepe, which had the perfect amount of sugar and lemon zest. Fast friendly service.Fabriee, the owner welcomed us as we entered his restaurant. He shows his love for his heritage by the French Flag standing by the door as you enter, to his daily quote of the day in french on the board, the clocks on the wall showing the time difference between US and France, and of course Crepes! The Crepes are all delicious, sweet, satisfying! They are portioned appropriately. My favorite was the Florentine Crepe. Presentation of the Crepes is worthy of a photo shoot.. See you soon, Fabriee!Who doesn't so crazy for crepes? This is the perfect brunch spot and the prices are very reasonable! You get exactly what you look for: minimalistic design, simple ingredients, and great service. 
So crepe has a modern cafe vibe with lots of seating especially in the back. If you're looking for a quiet Sunday brunch this is the spot. Between my date and I we ordered 3 different crepes:
The smoked salmon w avocado- fresh salmon with the creamy avocado is a must try.
The mushroom (champaignon) crepe- this is for the mushroom lover at heart! Although was a bit too simple for my taste
Last but not least the s'mores crepe- You must must get this if you want a sweet ending (even to share). The graham cracker and the marshmallow. Is there a better couple?Overall, I had a good brunch experience at So Crepe. The place is a cute little spot on South Street, and the staff was extremely nice when i was over 30 minutes late for my reservation.
Our three-person party ordered three crepes to share - the So Brie, the So Smoked (smoked salmon), and the So Washington (salted caramel butter and ice cream). The So Smoked was very good - the mix of ingredients combined for a good taste, especially if you're a salmon fan. I was underwhelmed by the So Brie - the argula was a weird choice of an ingredient. I really liked the So Washington, which was so perfect with the caramel/ice cream combination. 
The problem I had that after eating one whole serving, I wasn't quite full. The crepes are light, which is a good thing, but they might be a little bit too light. I was hungry again in an hour since it wasn't quite filling enough. Maybe I should have ordered another one!A clean, friendly atmosphere, good service, and perfectly cooked crepes in the French style - made on a crepe griddle. 
The menu is simple, sweet crepes or savory, with specials on the blackboard. These are excellent, worth a try. 
The portions are just right. Filling, but not stuffed. A nice touch - the chef came by to say hello and make sure everything was perfect. It was.Great food. Great service.  Authentic French crepes.  We had a Brie special with arugula, pine nuts and sun dried tomatoes.  The caramel apple crepe was delicious.So riviera crepe was fantastic. Light and flavorful! The set-up is great. The service was made all the better by the owners. THey are very friendly and helpful. I will be going back for seconds.It feels like a cute, small cafe more than a sit down restaurant. 
Their menu is simple - a short list of savory and sweet crepes. My friend and I tried the "so chocolate," with slices of banana and strawberries, drizzled with dark chocolate and whip cream on the side. The crepe was fluffy and soft and the fruit inside tasted fresh. It was not overwhelmingly sweet, which I appreciated. I didn't try the savory crepes, but it was one of the best sweet crepes I had around Philly!
One thing - the crepes are not small, but definitely not a dinner substitute.Oh my goodness!  The food was amazing!  It looked beautiful & tasted even better. The service was very good. The chef even came out to check on us.I LOVE this place. 
I used to walk my dog by South St. all the time so I was aware that they were making a crepe restaurant here. My friends and I have made all sorts of crepe jokes about this place... partly because we're men and we have to do stuff like that. But when it finally opened, I decided to humor myself and try a crepe out (after having watched Sean Penn rage about french pancakes and crepes). And I stopped making most of the crepe jokes ever since. 
Crepes: buckwheat? What? YES. I love how authentic the stuff is. And from what one of the chefs told me, they make a lot of the things in-house which I respect so much. When I eat here, I know I'm going to get a savory crepe, and then usually a sweet crepe. I also get their coffee because why not? And everything is as promised. Either, savory, sweet, or coffee. In the beginning, they just offered whatever was on the menu but when I returned recently, they started making specials. They had listed three and said that they were out of one because they ran out of leeks. Ran out of leeks??? Yes. Because the chef said they're very particular about what kind of leeks to use in their crepes. Uh. I wish the world was made up of people like the guys at So Crepe. Then everything would be 100. I love this place enough to review every single crepe I've had there; unfortunately I haven't had the privilege of eating EVERY crepe on the menu. But I'll give what I can:
The So Cocotte is pretty filling and the mustard sauce was very nice and complimented the chicken well. There was not a moment of dryness with the chicken ... I hate dry poultry. 
The So Chevre was great. I don't have goat cheese all that often... but this was a good breakfast crepe, and it filled me right up.
The So Dog was awesome. Never had a hot-dog in a crepe before, but it did not disappoint. Loved the onions.
The So Chocolate was one of the first sweet crepes I tried there. The descript is as follows: "So Chocolate freshly made dark chocolate sauce and your choice of fresh fruit and whipped cream. replace the chocolate sauce by nutella and you get a so, well you figure it out!" I chose bananas. I thoroughly enjoyed it. 
So Washington: basically the crepe'd out version of pie a la mode. The crepe to apple ratio was just right; there was enough of each to the last bite. 
Service: So friendly. They're so welcoming and always have a smile on their face. And like the other reviews said, they like to go up to the tables and talk to you which is nice! You don't feel like you're just going there to eat. 
Cost: I'd spend about $25 every time I eat here; I would order a savory crepe, sweet crepe, and a drink.
Highly recommended, consistently pleased. I'll always make it a point to visit this place whenever I'm in Philly.So glad the hubs decided on this spot out of the 4 choices I gave him. Cute little spot with such delicious crepes. The menu is small but the choices are delicious. The crepes aren't thick like some places and the portions are just enough to fill you. My husband and I ordered two savories and a sweet to share. The So French was yummy, the whipped ketchup was different, but good. The So Crocotte was delicious. We shared the So Washington for dessert and it was a huge size and so good. Coffee was nice and strong. Staff is very friendly. Definitely would go back and recommend over some of the other creperies.We initially came here with crepes on our mind and wanted to go somewhere small to beat the post-valentines day crowd. We came with zero expectations and were pleasantly surprised; the overall ambiance was small, intimate and cozy and the food was good. We decided we'd go savory getting the breakfast "so french" crepe and one of their specials with mushrooms with bechamel sauce. Their flavor-infused whipped butter was a nice touch to complement the simplicity of the crepes. We decided to finish out the meal with their 'so simple' crepe which is simply a sugar topped crepe with lemon zest. We stayed a bit longer than we anticipated thanks to the bottomless coffee from La Colombe. 
If you're searching for a quaint little BYO crepe place, this wont disappoint whether you're craving a sweet dessert or savory treat. Would definitely recommend for couples (and those unfortunate third wheels) who want a change from the big name brunch places like Sabrinas and Green Eggs.My boyfriend took me here for a birthday lunch. We shared a so smoked and a so chocolate crepe. This place is absolutely charming and the food is magnificent. This will be my go to until I'm able to visit France. Even after.So crepe...so amazing. (Sorry, couldn't resist)
I love crepes and when this place opened up I really wanted to get in there. It's a cute place, beautifully done with an open kitchen, its muy clean. They have a savory crepe menu and a sweet crepe menu, awesome. What I love is that they didn't go over board with tons of option, rather a handful in each menu.  Even then I still had a hard time deciding and got one of each. The prices, very reasonable: $4-$9 per. 
I opted for the so classic - egg and cheese on a crepe. The best part was the ketchup, its a whipped ketchup-cream that was just amazing. I had to get the so chocolate as well, and it was good too. I'm usually all about the chocolate crepes, but here the egg and cheese with the fancy ketchup really trumps it. And just great service in general. 
I was really tempted to get a third, but I'll have to wait another day. Viva la crepe!I was expecting a simple and good crepe but it was pretty disappointing. The crepe itself was overcooked and not very flavorful and the ingredients/contents inside were typical grocery store quality. It tasted and felt like something I could have thrown together at home without having experience making crepes. Perhaps my experience was unusual because I've seen some good reviews on here, but I really don't think it's worth going out of the way for. Plenty of great brunch places that are better options.SO wonderful!  SO delicious!  SO good!  Walked in with a friend yesterday for a mid-afternoon meal.  I had the most delicious salad - I believe it was called Salad Francais?  Whatever, it was fresh, ample, healthy, delicious!  My friend had a delicious crepe with mozzarella and tomatoes.  Both dishes were excellent.  I cannot wait to return.  The owner was welcoming and charming.  We were the first 2 customers who understood the French 'saying' on the board.Arrived a few minutes before opening but the owners welcomed us in and waited on us themselves since staff had not arrived yet. Huge portions and very filling which surprised me. Had the so French and so riviera. Both were great. Cute place with a clean, fresh look.I was hesitant at first to post this review because, frankly, I don't want you to know about this place. It kills me to say it, and even to know it, but this place in a few months will have a 30-45 minute wait for brunch. "Excellence" is the word that comes to mind. 
The service is quick and helpful the moment you approach the door (not even walk through it!). The staff at So Crepe were delighted to have me, and quickly and easily threw together tables to accommodate my bigger-than-usual group. The staff are a mixture of French and American and all seem to know exactly what they are doing.
Now i could go on about how the decor is great and the vibe is fantastic (French radio playing most of the time), but given the 5 star review, you can assume that is all good. Lets skip to the food. The crepes are actually made the way they are SUPPOSED to be made. If you like your crepes crispy and made with Wonderbread white flour, stop reading here, don't go to this place, and bang your head against a wall for a little. The crepes here are the most authentic I have eaten outside of France; they use a mixture of buckwheat and whole wheat flower in house to make the batter, and the crepes come out spongy and soft, but strong enough to hold their contents. True perfection. The next thing that really impressed me was the combinations of *different* things they put in their crepes. You can get a traditional crepe with fruit and crepe, or Nutella, or lemon and sugar or ham and cheese, but I had never had a mushroom truffle crepe (mind.blown.) nor a grilled chicken crepe with dijon mustard sauce and swiss cheese.  So Crepe was fantastic for brunch because I could choose to be bold or stick with a dish i know i would love. To top it all of, they have ACTUAL fresh squeezed orange juice. Not Starbucks style "fresh squeezed" aka Simply Orange with extra pulp (don't get me wrong, I love Simply), but you can SEE them juice the oranges just for YOUR glass of OJ buy hand, its far more naturally sweet than any out-of-the-bottle OJ, and when you get it, its only a little cool, almost room temperature even. The same temperature the oranges were only moments earlier.
Best of all? This sneaky BYOB is CHEAP. Brunch with dessert for 6 was $90 with tax and tip.This is the Best Crepes place in town !! The  French cook are super friendly ~~!!  They are from Lyon :) Tres bien I love it ! The price is very reasonable :) atmosphere is simple and clean ^^ Overall, love it.I would give this restaurant more stars because my crepe was delicious. But the waitress was horrendous and needs to be fired now. I went by myself after a doctors appointment. The waitress never came to my table. At all. I had to walk to the kitchen to order my crepe and coffee.  The chef gave me food. I wanted to order to order a crepe to go. Once again - I had to go to ththe kitchen to order it. She never once came to me to ask if I wanted more coffee which I did. She drops the check off.  I complained to the manager and get a free coffee. Seriously? A waitress who ignores all of the patrons - I saw people leaving because of her. Word of advice. If you want customers - fire her.My absolutely favorite crepe place. The atmosphere is perfect for a date or just a solo lunch day. I've been here around 6 this past year and every time the food never disappoints. The coffee is also reasonably priced. Top it off, BYOB.(3.5 stars) Cute place for brunch with solid crepes and friendly service. The crepes are solid though not amazing and they're is a lot of essentially unused crepe as the corners are "empty" folds. Yes it's pretty but if you don't eat the corners like I did, you'll likely still be hungry. 
I went with the so French crepe and would surely get it again, light and really enjoyed the runny eggs. If you are still hungry, sharing one of the dessert crepes is definitely the way to go. Thankfully they aren't expensive, so getting a savory one for yourself and sweet one to share is pretty much ideal.So crepe is so good .
I've been spending quite a bit of time west of broad on south and with good reason. There have been a increase in legit places popping up left and right. 
Due to the fact that I occasionally consider myself a Francophile in training I knew I had to give so crepe a try .
I met a friend here for brunch around 11:30 this past weekend. They take open table reservations though I'm not sure how necessary it will be depending on your arrival. The space itself is bright , clean and very French in decor( minimal with a slight pretentiousness. ). Saturday was absurdly warm for the beginning of November so I would have loved to see a few more outdoor tables available, but we took a seat inside and perused the menu. 
Service is a little slower than I would have like under normal circumstances but my friend and I were playing catch up so I was happy to linger for longer.
I chose the Riviera crepe with spinach shrimp and candied walnuts. It was pretty filling and though the shrimp were small in stature, I didn't feel cheated. The crepe itself
Was a great foundation for the other ingredients and tasted as it if was made from
Buckwheat or whole wheat flour. 
A pitcher of Oj for mimosas and two creeps set us back 30.00 with tax. 
We didn't stay for dessert but it's on my list of places to come back to.
Byob - they take cards and are on open tableThe chef is the nicest . I am french and the crepes are exactly like in France . Delicious.  We always have a great time coming here . T he chef took time with us talked to us and it made us feel so special . Thank you for this wonderful experience Fred . We loved it . We recommand !Now this is what crepes are suppose to taste like!!! Always fresh!!  Love the owners, always so nice and friendly.  Love talking with them.  A most try!!!!We have been going to So Crepe on numerous occasions. Fabrice and Frederic  have been incredible in terms of their food and the service is excellent as well.  It is wholesome and inexpensive. BYOB and they take credit cards. What more could you ask for.  I am from Brittany France and I can tell you that the crepes are as good if not better than in Brittany.  
I love this place.Such a cute little BYO with two little French men who really know what they're doing with these delectable crepes. Honestly, between Beau Monde and So Crepe, Beau Monde has them beat BUT for a crepe that costs 9-12 bucks and being super delicious, this place is a steal! They have sweet and savory crepes and my friend and I shared 2 savory crepes (one of which was a mushroom special and the other was vegetables with some sort of seafood?). The most intersting thing that we were both surprised about was the fact that they used whipped cream that carried a distinct flavor. When I say distinct, I mean it wasn't just your normal squirt out of a bottle whipped cream but apparently, they mix flavors that would go well with the crepe into a whipped cream aerator apparatus and makes a cloud of heavenly goodness. Wow, that was fantastic honestly. I will definitely plan on coming back again with a nice bottle of wine and savoring that wonderful cloud of goodness with friends again!It's the best crepe I had outside France! Don't miss the So Tuscany, full of flavor and the So Brie. The ingredients are fresh and great quality. Prices are very affordable!Hands down best place for crepes in Philadelphia. Always perfectly cooked, these people take crepes seriously!! Definitely give it a try!It was very average. The crepes were pancake like (which isn't a bad thing, just hard to cut), yet the fruit was extremely fresh!! Our waitress was pretty nice as well. It was extremely hot in that small establishment though, which was a little unbearable to me. We had three crepes, two sweet and one savory. The ham was too overwhelming and strong in flavor, but if you like that, it's a plus. Our other crepes were average and I don't really see us coming back here. It was nice to try though.
On the plus side, everything on the menu is literally $10 and under! So it's a nice, cheap snack. The specialty menu is maybe $12, but still not bad price-wise.Spring Break visit!
From the entrance to the music- everything was chic and classy! 
I had the Smoked Salmon crepe with avocado and dill, my daughter had the Grilled Chicken and blue cheese crepe! Delicious! Trendy! Quick, polite servers, skilled chef. 
We highly recommend you visit!This was our second time here. I was a little disappointed
With my "Cocotte"- the chicken was a little tough
My husband had a crepe with salmon in it
He really liked it! 
Dessert was the " So Simple"- very tasty!
Our server was great- attentive and sweet.The food and service here was amazing!!! I'm training for a competition and have to stick with a strict diet, and Fred was more than accommodating to make me a crepe that was "So Kate" so to speak :) I will definitely be going back in the near future!
The food and service here was amazing!!! I'm training for a competition and have to stick with a strict diet, and Fred was more than accommodating to make me a crepe that was "So Kate" so to speak :) I will definitely be going back in the near future!Actually went here for brunch a few months ago, but never posted a review. Probably because I was in a food coma from the enormous, delicious crepe I ate. 
A few of us decided to hit this place up for brunch because who doesn't love crepes? We arrived around 11am and it was almost empty. This made me a bit nervous, but we were greeted by a friendly waitress and immediately sat. It was all uphill from here.
I ordered the "so classic" savory crepe and it was just that. Savory. It was just swiss cheese and eggs but it was perfection. It was also HUGE. And only $5.50 for a filling meal? I'll take it. My boyfriend ordered the "so chocolate" which was just as enormous, filling, and decadent. Speaking of, it happened to be his birthday so we asked the waitress if they do anything for bdays and she politely said "no". Our dismay did not last long because the chef came to our table 10 minutes later with a lit candle and a "happy birthday" song in French blaring over the loudspeaker. He wished my boyfriend a happy birthday and the entire staff clapped. It was adorable and really sincere.
I can't say enough good things about this place which, unfortunately, means it will most likely soon be super crowded once people figure out this gem exists.Originally, I was not too thrilled to come here since I didn't like crepes that much (probably has to do with being a former Penn student and having had too many crepes at Houston Hall).  The crepes that I had years ago lacked a certain... Delicacy. I feel like the Houston Hall crepes were made in the same manner as cheesesteaks (which are good in their own way, but then I'd rather just have a good cheesesteak). The crepes I had last night changed my opinion of crepes and really elevated them to the gourmet category. The flavor combinations, use of sauces, and amount of each ingredient (more isn't always better) struck a perfect balance. I also observed that the crepes were made with so much passion and care (I watched the whole process), it makes me really wish that there were more places like So Crepe. Oh, and there was a table at the restaurant full of French-speakers, another positive sign :)Cute place! The crepe's were light and so tasty! I got a mushroom and chicken one.... It was awesome, the French chef came up and chatted with us for a bit.  He was a really nice guy. Def am coming back.... Prices are good and it's BYOB!!!I went here by myself in the summertime and had a pleasant meal with myself, complete with savory and sweet crepes. The owners are french Canadian, talented at making crepes, and make great combinations. They are also very friendly. I mentioned that I was thinking about going to Montreal and we had a great conversation. 
I took my boyfriend here a month or two ago, and we had another enjoyable experience. We brought our own wine which was great, and were served by a friendly waiter. He had great recommendations. We both loved our savory crepes, and split a hazelnut crepe for dessert. We left very satisfied, not overstuffed, and with money left in our pockets.
The atmosphere is pleasant and the food superb. Great causal place to go to, or a great place to go to on a date! it's flexible!Delicious, authentic, cheap, and friendly. I was walking by today and stopped in for a chocolate banana crepe ($6). It was after closing time, but no problem -- we were seated and set up with two coffees. Highly highly recommended.I live in the Fishtown area and decided to take a trip to the Arts Festival.  My husband and I did not want the fried foods they were offering and I remember the article I read about "So Crepe" on Philly.com. Well, this lived up to the hype and more.  The atmosphere, the people, and the food was amazing.  They were speaking french to one another, they were so gracious to us.  
The prices were fair considering the location and the freshness of the ingredients.  My husband had the "so soft" and I had the "so smoked."  My husband told the owner that he needs to make a vat of that tuna for him.  He laughed and told him he glad he enjoys it.
Finally, we decided on the "so caramel" for dessert.  The salted caramel was made fresh and it was obvious.  My husband was new to the flavor and literally moaned when he took a bite.  
I recommend this place to everyone who wants to experience a bit of Paris in Philadelphia.This is such an amazing restaurant in an amazing town in PA, I had some so smores crepe which is perfectly delicious. My bf had some so wisconsin and it was amazing. The place made me feel that i was in France, they also play some french radio. The owner was the one who was making all the crepes and they had been there for 2 years only. I could say that his business is pretty succesful already and it is an amazing experience!! The food is simple but it is made of the chef's vision which is to serve an amazing food in simple way!!!Woah! Pancake or crepe? 
This place is so unique because their crepes resemble a fluffier texture, kind of like a pancake but not! (Imagine IHOP!) Interestingly it deviates from the French thin eggy crepe you normally get- which is probably why it was so filling for me and my friends at the end but it was so good! 
I had the classic savory, So Florentine and Mushroom Champaign Crepe, both were wonderful! If only I had room for the sweet crepes... But I was stuffed... Guess this means I'll have to be coming back again :)So good, I need to find excuses to go here more often.
I spent many summers in France when younger, and these are a perfect reminder of real French crepes. The simple sweet crepe with lemon and sugar is especially authentic, and a perfect way to finish a meal if you don't have room for a full blown sweet crepe.
The savory Crepe's are surprisingly filling. We got the ham egg and cheese and the Salmon, avocado and cream cheese. Each one was a real meal in a crepe. Good ingredients cooked well. No complaints.
Oh, and we ordered three crepes and it came to less than $20 after tax. Bargain!I LOVE SO CREPE. I've been there a few times and I am absolutely obsessed (I also really like the dessert crepes, so I'm sure that has something to do with it). I've had the Dog Crepe with the hot dog, so good and unique! It's a refreshing change of pace from the other crepes I have had. I also LOVE the chocolate crepe (I think that's what it's called?) I opted for their dark chocolate sauce with banana and I am so glad I did. Delicious. It is one of my favorite places to go in the city and the service is awesome. Once, they made a crepe "to go" for me and even put some whipped cream in a separate cup. I can't say no to this place!My best friend and I had spent the morning searching online for a great BYO lunch spot on South Street and after yelping around we stumbled on the menu and a few photos from So Crêpe.
5 STAR FOOD!!!! The crêpes were out of this world and I could not have ever imagined a crêpe so filling and innovative like theirs, could exist. In fact I complimented the owner and chef... It was just that amazing!
I had a Brie crêpe which had spinach inside and chopped nuts, topped with roasted tomatoes. I opted for added grilled chicken; every single bight was as succulent as the last. I can not wait to go back!! They also offer cider, which was a great pairing with the Fireball we brought in. Superb food, friendly staff and an ambience that made it a great place to hang with friends.
Last thing: A+ for return on investment. The reasonable price you pay will yield a super-stuffed crêpe leaving you very more than satisfied after only one.Can't believe I just found out about this place. Good food, good service, good ambience. Best crepes I've had in Philly! Tres bien!This was...disappointing. We went on July 4, so we may not have gotten their A-game, but we did not get what we expected from a 4+ star place with such a delicious core concept. While friendly, our waitress did not seem to know what they did and did not have (they were out of ingredients for two savory and one sweet crepes we ordered, but she didn't know until after putting the orders in) and it took a really long time to get our food, despite the place being largely empty. We were not wowed by the savory crepes, though the dessert ones were very good with one exception (the Washington one tasted like fake caramel).i love this place, prices are good and the crepes are better. I love sweet over savory, but appreciate that  they have both options. They have their staples on the menu, and have specials on different. But u can also just create your own, they don't fuss about it. I like to stick to the menu though, get out of my comfort zone. Wait staff is always polite and food is out in a timely manner even when they're busy. No complaints