This place needs to find its identity.  The decor is nice however there where various size stools at the table so the person you sat next to could very likely be two feet higher than you- weird.  Went on a Friday night and both of the saison tap beers where not available.  The happy hour special did not apply to the bottles of saison of course.  The music was interesting for the space- to say the least.  Restoration Hardware like decor with Mobb Deep as the music selection.  They won't be open for long unless the change and offer a more cohesive experience.My boyfriend and I tried them out during their soft opening. The space is beautiful! We had the poutine fries, arctic char and the roasted chicken. Our meals were delicious and the serving size was perfect. Everyone who interacted with us was welcoming and personable. We can't wait to try them out when the full menu is available, and apparently they'll be doing brunch too!Great place! The kind of more mature restaurant Manayunk is badly in need of. Good cocktails, nice menu options, and a cool vibe. Not sure about all the problems that the brunch bimbos seem to be having, but I had a lovely evening and will definitely be back!Went for an early dinner 530pm last night (Thursday), I'm impressed! The aesthetics of the place is beautiful, every detail connects. Came during happy hour (score!) so drinks were discounted. Lovely cocktail menu, there were 4 of us ladies dining and we each tried something different and enjoyed each one. We shared the Brussels & Bacon as an app and thoroughly enjoyed it. I had the scallops for my entrée and they were sheer perfection! Beautifully plated and cooked perfectly. I received 2 large scallops, so I could see why some people think the portions are a bit small but it was perfect for me! My friends all enjoyed their meals as well. I will most definitely be back to try other items on their dinner menu and hopefully one weekend I'll make it in for brunch!SOMO should be NOMO!!  The atmosphere/architecture of the place is awesome. The food is overwhelmingly disappointing and the service is absolutely disgusting. The waiter was an equal opportunity Grinch that shouldn't be in the front of the house at all!! The 2  stars are for the architecture. One thing I should NEVER hear from a waiter to a customer is "I don't know what to tell you". You may be in the wrong profession  if this is your response to a customer coming to patronize your establishment. My woman and I had the chicken and waffle "sandwich" and parmesan wings. Cole slaw should not be on the same plate with "hot" waffles. If wanting to serve the cole slaw in the future, I suggest putting it on the side. When a  customer asksfor a "Coke" or "Pepsi", it would be helpful to let them know what KIND of sodas, pop, whatever you carry upfront. That's called Good Customer Service. This place for the architecture alone has great potential. Personnel  changes/restructuring are essential though........I Love Somo!! My fiancé and I have been there numerous times and the food and drinks never disappoint! Ryan the bartender is amazing! He makes the best signature drinks. The manager John always makes us feel welcomed. It's always a great time when we visit. The late night happy hour is a must. The vibe, scenery and the staff will have you coming back for more!!Had the short rib sandwich and it was really great. The roasted Brussels sprouts were good and had a nice flavor with the bacon that was in the dish.Restaurant, ambiance and "scene" great.   Food and alcohol choice sucks.  2 horrible choices of red wine.   And the shrimp and grits FAR from it.  The mac and cheese had no flavor and Arctic char was farm salmon.  Hopefully they get things together because this will not last. Not going to come back for at least 2 months to give them time.  Has promise.  Totally failing at the moment.Had the new brunch menu at SOMO that just started on Saturday! Was super unsure what to get so I went with the bartenders recommendation of the Farcous! It was so good! Loved the Swiss chard pancake. Only gave it a 4 because I wasn't a big fan of the choice of lettuce for the side salad or the Dijon yogurt, so I was still hungry when I left. Would be great if they mixed up the side !This is one of the best spots on Main Street (one of the only)! The staff is always beyond friendly, warm, and welcoming. The cocktails are on point, the draft list is excellent. Their food can be a little pricey but it always comes out delicious. Don't miss this gem. It stands well above the other choices on Main Street!Service was good considering we were the only ones at the restaurant. Lobster Mac and cheese was runny and not much flavor. The calamari was nothing special. The flatbread was basically pita with jam and the pulled pork was dry. Thankfully the fries were good.Great atmosphere, but the food was underwhelming and overpriced.  Half of the oxtail in our cuban sandwich was hard as a rock.  Couldn't taste the truffle in our truffle grilled cheese.  The menu says they they use house made pickles but when I complimented them to the manager, he said they weren't house made...Amazing brunch menu! Great drink specials!  I loved the restaurant too, it was a fun atmosphere.  Will definitely be going backMy daughter and I tried SOMO last night and it was overall a great place. Very friendly staff and our server, Lexie was wonderful. Not a problem for them to switch things around from their menu to suit our tastes. My daughter had a great salmon dinner and was very happy with it. I opted for the hangar steak with mushrooms and zucchini carpaccio. Steak was done perfect and it was delicious. Panne cotta for dessert was excellent with fresh berries, a pleasant meal topper. My only regret was their extremely small oysters. They were a definite disappointment, as oysters are a favorite of mine. Everything else was so great I can overlook the one and only faux pas. Very enjoyable evening and will definitely return.We came here for brunch a few days ago, and had a very mixed experience. We were a group of 4 and 3 of us decided to do bottomless mimosas for $18, while one of us decided to do just 1 mimosa. At first it was interesting because our waitress (who was super nice) poured the bottomless and the single mimosa from different pitchers, but we didn't think much of it. Then soon after we were done with our mimosas she came over and said that they had run out of prosecco, since the person that had gone out to grab more was stuck in traffic. The menu is kind of small but has amazing options and we had a very hard time narrowing down our options. The food we ordered was great. I got their avocado toast with smoked salmon, and really enjoyed it. The pieces of salmon were very little though, and the taste of it kind of disappeared among the other ingredients.  My boyfriend got the steak and eggs, and still hasn't stopped talking about it. Good size piece of steak, and he got 2 which seemed to be a little overcooked. 
The prosecco arrived after about 20 minutes, after which we got a few more refills of our bottomless mimosas and then headed out. The strange thing is that about an hour after we had al left we were all sitting talking about the brunch we had just had and realized that none of the three people that had gotten bottomless mimosas felt even a slight tiny little buzz. When I thought back to it, I had consumed at least five (and I am a lightweight) and had not felt the slightest thing. At the same time my boyfriend, who had ordered a single mimosa, said that when he had finished his he could feel a little kick. The food was good, the service was good as well, the only issue is the fact that maybe the bottomless mimosas are also alcohol-less.DELICIOUS cocktails and very trendy/comfortable atmosphere. Definitely plan to go back for dinner soon!Cocktails were fabulous and the staff was SO kind and fun. Will definitely be back when I come to visit my friends in ManayunkI took my grandmother here for a birthday brunch. I was very impressed with the menu. So many good things to pick from. My table got the chicken and waffles, Seared salmon BALT, and the salmon rillette. Everything was delicious. All of the staff were friendly and the restaurant itself is super cute.I've been here for drinks and dinner with my boyfriend as well as happy hour with friends. This place is great! I'm not sure why it doesn't have higher stars. The ambience and staff are wonderful. The cocktails and very good ...especially Respect Your Elders. I get it every time. I've only eaten here once but the food was delicious. Looking forward to returning again soon especially when  I'm the mood for a yummy cocktail!A true cocktail bar was what was missing in Manayunk. The ambiance is great plus their music selection always makes my experience. Their craft cocktails won't disappoint and their beer selection is noteworthy especially for those that appreciate stouts and porters like I do. The burger is a must for meat lovers. 
Staff is very friendly.. shoutout to Max who always makes myself and my guests feel right at home when we pop up to the bar.Outstanding food !!  The scallop dish, and the shrimp & grits, were 5 Stars.  Looking for excuse to go back.Wanted to try something new for lunch so me and the bestie picked a random place in Manayunk.  I enjoyed the swanky look of the restaurant in contrast with the simplicity of the clipboard menu.  It is a smaller place so I imagine it's kind of a tight squeeze when there's a crowd; but this is the only downside I could see about dining here.  
The prices weren't crazy either.  I had the nuts and berries salad (delicious and filling) and the lobster mac &a cheese.  Both dishes were very good and less than $40.  I would definitely come back; hopefully for brunch as I was eyeing the crab cake Benedict.Those looking for a too-cool-for-school brunch who don't mind marginal service, step right up. For a Mother's day Sunday brunch with toddler in tow (reservation in advance), the server appeared to hung over to notice us for 15 min until we called her over to take our order.  Ordered "Two eggs any style", asked for hard-boiled and were initially told the kitchen couldn't do them (too hard!?). Also no skim milk for coffees (had 2%) which were delivered without teaspoons to stir it anyway. Hard-boiled eggs finally arrived with runny yolks. Original server disappeared (for a nap?) fortunately another was on hand to bring the check. But despite these issues, the place has a pleasant vibe, the food was tasty and in health-conscious (i.e. small) portions and the total bill for two was $33, pretty reasonable. If the service makes a quantum leap forward it may survive.I was pleasantly surprised by how lovely my brunch experience was here this past weekend. We were a group of four and walked in around 1pm without a reservation, about half the tables were taken.
The menu is not large but has great variety and it was hard to decide as everything sounded delicious. 
I ordered the shakshuka and it was on par with what I had in Israel this past summer! My bf had the French toast which was so flavorful and our family had the falafel which looked so good. We shared the Brussels sprouts as an appetizer and they were perfect (who doesn't love bacon with your Brussels?) 
Portions were large and they even brought out complimentary croissants which were great and such a nice touch.  
Our server was so nice and we really had no extra requests as waters were always refilled consistently. We spent a long time catching up after paying and did not feel rushed at all. 
I do see what others are saying about the small size/closeness of tables but it did not affect our experience so they still deserve 5 stars in my book!First things first. This is a cute place in a great location on the Main Street drag. 
Now that we've got that out of the way, let's talk about brunch. Specifically the avocado toast... One word: NO. First of all, the "toasted country bread" was about the size of the tiny, bite-sized bruschetta you'd typically find passed around as hor d'oeuvres at a reception. The "avocado" was a thin layer of green paste. No chunks of avocado to be found. The "smoked salmon" was as thin as a sheet of paper. I was honestly offended that they even put that on the table in front of me and thought I'd pay $14 for it. The coffee maker was so slow that the coffee we ordered never came...  The only good thing about Somo's brunch yesterday, Oct 1 was the delightful and sunny waitress, Tess. She's the ONLY reason that I gave this place 2 stars. Skip this place for brunch. Trust me, you can do better.Came here on a Sunday for brunch. Looks cool on the inside. The scrambled eggs were good. The bloody Mary was a little plain; slightly on the weak side; couldn't taste the alcohol as much.This is an amazing place! Max makes an AMAZING old fashioned cocktail and Ryan was very friendly too! Recommend for a night out with the girls or a night cap! Or a meal, the food is great too!My new favorite place in Manayunk. They have a lot of beers option and mixed drinks as well. Brunch is always so fresh and delicious. Bottomless mimosa for $18! Can't beat that.Nice, cozy spot.  Great casual date ambience.  Nice food selection, relatively reasonably priced.  Wines by the glass were pricier than they needed to be.  Service was efficient.Came here for a simple date night since we live in Roxborough. Some of the negative reviews seemed pretty specific and the place always looks packed to us so we thought it would be worth a visit. 
We ordered the lobster Mac n Cheese which was prepared very well and delicious, but could have used some more lobster. Besides that, everything was perfect. 
My wife ordered the burger and I got the Salmon B.A.L.T.  Both were fantastic! Huge portions, excellent fries and really tasty bun. The Aioli on the Salmon was great. My favorite part of the B.A.L.T. was the deliciously cooked Salmon, but the bacon was also fantastic, thick cut and cooked with some kind of glaze. So good! The burger had two patties and my wife could only eat half of it. She loved it.
In terms of service, it was very simple and effective.  They had our table marked for us and quickly got us seated. Our drinks never got below half-filled but the wait-staff never interrupted our date to it. Very professional and effective. In my opinion the best dining experiences are when the wait staff seem to disappear and you can focus on the people you're out with. This was definitely our experience and we will be coming back!amazing brunch!!!!!! Everything was fabulous!! Def a must try in Manayunk! My fiancé had the chicken and waffles and I had the short rib Benedict and both were absolutely fabulous!! Everything came out cooked to perfection, the waitress was attentive, friendly, and well versed on the menu! From beginning to end it was an amazing experience!Really great!  Very cool atmosphere and excellent food.  I had the shrimp and grits and the other three in my group had variations of the Buddha Bowl.  We all loved it.  Highly recommended!Food and drinks are awesome! If you don't know what to drink the bartender will make you a specialty drink!SOMO has a great menu with TASTY options. Good mix of classics and new twists. Went for brunch and got a good spicy Bloody Mary. Started with Brussels w/ bacon, and then split the shrimp and grits and short rib Benedict. The shrimp and a grits is a lot of grits with a decent amount of shrimp. Very filling but happy I split since so rich. The Short Rib Benedict was WILD. Quality meat, egg, and hollandaise. The fries were out of this world. Came home with leftovers and very happy to have them later.Nice decor and a great venue for dinner and drinks. The draft list is extensive and they carry a wide array of craft beers. 10/10 will definitely be coming back.Went on a double date on a random week night to Somo -- first time and it was incredible.  our waitress was super friendly and helpful.  The food was delicious, we had poutine, lobster mac n cheese, the bean burger, and chicken and waffles.  Everyone in my party left perfectly full and satisfied! I will definitely be back and I want to try brunch soon!I think this is probably the best bar in Manayunk for drinks and beer. Their food is always very good too. Few bars do all 3 well. I don't know who picks their beer selection, but it is always good and always new. Many other bars have a variety of craft beers but this bar always has the best and rarer selections. Their cocktails are also very good and have variety. The atmosphere is modern. The service is friendly. The happy hour specials are amazing and they have it twice a day. My only complaint is that happy hour is only an hour long.Great brunch!! We were so happy with the service and food, it was delicious. The place itself is very cute I lived the design & I feel like the only brunch in the area that wasn't BYOB they had the mimosas ready (18$ not including entree).Cute little spot in Manayunk! Had the shrimp and grits and Wings! Finger licking good! People were great! Great selection of tap beers too!Love this place for brunch! Their cocktails are fantastic! Be sure to try the chicken and waffles- it's really good. 
Honestly everything I've had here has been great. Service is always quick and the staff are super friendly. The ambiance is also really nice. Definitely working on becoming a regularI've been here for drinks and dinner with my boyfriend as well as happy hour with friends. This place is great! I'm not sure why it doesn't have higher stars. The ambience and staff are wonderful. The cocktails and very good ...especially Respect Your Elders. I get it every time.  We've come for both restaurant week as well as happy hour and for dinner. Please come! The manager is amazing and the service is fantastic. We will definitely be continuing to return!!Lovely place! Very chill vibes. A magician, Scott Xavier, came in and he did a great job at entertaining my friend and I while we came in for drinks. He was great at conversation and lovely to have around. The bartenders were cool tooIt opened 'softly' in April or so; we stumbled onto its official Grand Opening on a recent Thursday night. The SOMO name is a combo of that of owner James' daughter 'Sophia' and their surname, 'Morrissey'. He's a restaurant designer and has used all of his best ideas here, showcasing the original 19th century stone walls, tin ceiling, reclaimed wood and new marble, giving SOMO an industrial/clubby/library look. 
     Cuisine is considered American, with traditional dishes served up with creative twists and tweaks. That's thanks to chef Allen, onetime kitchen-magician at the fabulous Peter Shields Inn in Cape May. Our table ordered the beet salad, which had a delicious cucumber/honey dressing with pistachios and huge chunks of red and yellow beets. We also chose two of the night's specials: a deconstructed meatball sandwich dish, rare-in-the-middle-by-design with a terrific mixture of high end beef, veal and pork. I recommend highly.  The diver scallops dish was another one of our choices- if offered again, you'll want to try. 
     I was worried that being new, service would drag - but, Diana was "on it". Not only was she efficient and friendly, she was practically psychic about what we needed. We were having a family celebration and therefore, didn't skimp on the booze so our total bill was about $130 - but, if you behave yourself, your check will be much less. It wasn't listed on Open Table to make a reservation so I called directly instead. I highly recommend SOMO for the design, food and great crew.LOVE IT!! Amazing cocktails, food & décor! Great place for date night..
The crowd was very good looking, which doesn't hurt. Definitely my new spot :)Ambiance..Amazing, Food....Amazing, Music..Amazing... New favorite place in Manayunk.Awesome Buddah bowl. No kale but arugula substitution perfect. Scallops perfect. Clean place great serviceGoing to make this a quick review while it's fresh in my memory. 
Pros:
- Good cocktails, but the prices have gone up a couple dollars. The pictures of the $9 cocktails no longer exist. 
- Great fries, soft on the inside, crisp on the outside
- Nice ambiance and decor. Food seems to be plated for a fancier place, but the atmosphere is still casual. 
- Crab salad w/ smoked salmon and wasabi tobiko was refreshing.  
Cons: 
- Short rib poutine lacked the gravy and the short rib was dry
- Stack burger was dry and the bun was too dense and cold for my liking. I would've prefered a thicker patty and cooked medium rare. The egg was cooked to perfection though.
- Service was pretty good. Check-ins were done and water was filled promptly. I just wished our waitress would've spent less time on her phone especially during the times I did need something. 
I'd come back probably just for the drinks alone until the food is tweaked a bit, but it wouldn't be a place I could frequent a few times a week.We came without a reservation which ended up being fine because we got a seat at the bar. Had a glass of wine and the chicken lettuce wrap appetizer for my meal. They were great! The food came fast and overall had a good experience.One of the slowest services ever, even despite it being empty. Food was mediocre and the shrimp and grits smelled of rotting seafood and ammonia. So many better options in this area, save your money and piece of mind and stay clear of this place.I have eaten here multiple time and it has never disappointed me! Staff is friendly, food is fantastic, and the drink menu has something for everyone.  I have worked my way through most of the specialty cocktail and have liked them all!  Wednesday night had dinner with friends and my steak was perfectly done.  The menu has rotated and the new appetizers we sampled (chicken lettuce wraps and calamari) had their own style with a great flavor.  Would definitely recommend.great new bar in manayunk. they have a new staff that is still getting used to it but they admit to their mistakes. owner gave me a free shot of patron for graduating college and talked to us for a couple of minutes. great place and their late night happy hour is a dealAbsolutely outstanding beer list! (My two favorite Belgiums, La Chouffe and Triple Karmeliet were once nearly impossible to find outside of Monks in the city). Went for dessert and drinks. The Sweet Potato Donuts are enormous - crunchy on the outside, doughy and soft on the inside. Great dipping sauce. Very friendly staff. Definitely going back!This place has a lot of potential but some major kinks to still be worked out. My family and I stopped for brunch and were pleasantly surprised to be quickly accommodated for a reservation of 11 people. The ambiance of the restaurant is great- the fixtures are beautiful and the design is sleek and modern. The menu is not expansive but still provides a range of options and well priced.
We were disappointed to find that many things on both the drinks and food menus were out of stock or unavailable. Two of the beers listed on tap were out by the time we ordered (around 1pm) as well as three of the menu items (salmon BTL, chicken and waffles, and the Cuban sandwich). 
The biggest issue of the experience was that the food took an absurdly long time to be made/served. After over an hour had passed, they finally brought out a single dish (a simple beet salad). Five minutes later a few more dishes came out and about 10-15 minutes after that, the remaining few dishes were served. Those who received their food first were well done eating before some others had even gotten their plates. What was upsetting is no one in the wait or kitchen staff seemed bothered by this/apologized for the wait and unorganized service. Also noteworthy is that we were the only customers in the restaurant at this point 
The abismal speed of service was somewhat reconciled by how delicious the food was. I had the green pea veggie burger which was incredible. Other highlights were the stack burger and the crab eggs benedict. The beet salad and truffle grilled cheese were both a bit of a disappointment to those who ordered them. 
I hope this place can work on these issues because, as I said before, there is a lot of potential and the food is good! Just don't go here if you're in any sort of a rush.My husband and I decided to try it out and honestly we were underwhelmed. The SOMO burger came out well done and it was 2 skinny patties - meh. We ordered the brussel sprouts as well and there were basically 3 sprouts cut in half with chunks of bacon mixed in. Not terrible, but expensive for what you get. 
We may give it another chance, but probably not for a while. P.s. I miss Rubb!Came here for the first time for brunch. I love the atmosphere. Although two small parties came in after us and both were served before us. The wait for food was awfully long and the waitress never bothered to apologize or reassure us that it would be out soon. 
I got the eggs Benedict with crab cake. Very tasty but dry, the eggs were overcooked and not runny like they should be. Most likely will not be back.Went to Soma on Sunday for Brunch. The food was great but the coffee? Yikes! Get a new blend, a new brand, a new roaster - something. Nasty. Even had them make a fresh pot because the first cup was so awful. It helped a tiny bit. No one at our table could finish their cup. But really - Brunch without good coffee? Doesn't work for me.I can't say enough good about this place right now. I will update this review later (yes I know that's lame, I apologize) but this is a top-notch place (great food, great service, unbelievable prices, excellent beer list, fun cocktails, etc.) that I look forward to telling you more about when I update this post.SOMO is such a cute little restaurant. Loved its flair. The waitresses were super nice. My husband wanted to drink Yuengling. They didn't have it but instead came with two little glasses of beer for him to try similar tasting beer. We came for the late night happy hour drinks between 10-11pm. I found the drinks still a little expensive (I had a cucumber vodka drink with ginger beer and it was $8 instead of $11) but for the atmosphere and service I feel like it's justified. We had pizza bread with our drinks and later decided to share a brownie with cream. That brownie was soooooo tiny  I cried laughing. And it was $8. That's also the reason they only get 4 stars. So again. It's pricey but still a nice little spot for dates. I'll be back!!Everything about this place is amazing.  staff A++, ambiance A++, Food A+++.  My new favorite spot in ManayunkI live in the neighborhood and gave this restaurant a second try. I went for brunch when the restaurant first open. My first visit was not great as it took 15 min to get coffee and the service was slow and disorderly. I figured that was them working out the system.
Last night I went for drinks and firsts on a beautiful evening. The staff was very friendly. The food presentation was terrible across the board and the food was mediocre. The cheese plate had pistachios that were not fresh and chunks of cheese that were oddly chopped and one piece not edible. The bread was fat white toast that made no sense. The hummus was not good and had the same white toast. We also ordered a beef appetizer that was thrown together with cheese and fries. The presentation made me feel that the chef did not care. All the n all not a satisfying visit. 
I gave 2 stars because the drink was good on a beautiful night.A great place to start your night in Manayunk, especially for a few drinks and an appetizer. They have a great Saturday happy hour, which includes half off bottles and cans. The lemon-flavored wings were just right. Their main entrees were appeasing but haven't stayed to try any yet. There's no reason this place shouldn't be mobbed - don't miss out on their specials.Stopped by for a small bite and cocktail Saturday. Liked the feel of the bar area and hostess very nice. The good; ordered an old fashion which was done very well. My wife had a single malt that was generously poured. The bad; her red beet salad for $11 had 4 tiny pieces of beet and was missing the goat cheese. Maybe the worst value purchase we've ever made. My donut & ice cream desert was not a donut as much as it was a hard, solid meatball of fried dough on top of vanilla ice cream. Again, not well done and so easy to do right. We might stop back when they get their act together but so many other solid places to go in the city. Disappointing.Favorite dinner spot in Manayunk! The food is always amazing and I am always shocked at the great prices!What a welcome addition to Main Street. Their drink selection is great- the Ginger Rodgers was one of the best cocktails I've had in a while. Not too sweet, not too sour- deliciously right. Their draft list is impressive with no shortage of solid options. For dinner we had the Arctic char and the chicken. Portions are definitely on the smaller side but as they should be. This place is quality over quantity. Every bite was perfection. The Arctic char had the most amazing salty, crispy skin paired with velvety, perfectly cooked fish. The chicken was juicy and flavorful with delicious potatoes and onions. The presentation is beautiful and makes you appreciate every bite. Our service was great from start to finish. The hostess welcomed us warmly and our server was friendly and attentive. You would never guess that they just opened- if there are any kinks being worked out, they hide it well. The restaurant itself is beautiful with so many unique and local touches. It is definitely on the smaller side and a bit tight for large groups or children- but great for a date night. We can't wait to come back and try out some more of the great drink and menu options.The service was horrible. Over an hour wait for avocado toast and an omelette. Neither was very good. Save your time and go elsewhere.Great atmosphere! Chicken and waffles @ brunch were amazing. Oh and great Happy Hour menu too. Solid place to hang out on Main Street!This place looks super nice at first glance, but when you try to get to your seat you realize how TIGHT the layout here is. Servers and customers bump you left and right since the walkway is the width of one leg. I literally felt like I was seated on economy airplane the whole meal, having to get up whenever the stranger behind me needed to leave, maneuvering around to make sure I don't knock someone's drink. Needless to say, this joint is NOT handicap friendly. 
Food is also mediocre. $6 Swedish meatballs for happy hour, but I don't think the chef knows what Swedish meatballs are because it tasted like regular meatballs. Sorry chef, IKEA does them better. 
Servers also seemed new, as she kept putting her bare palms straight on the clean plates she brought over... I don't even know why? 
Overall, we took our parents here and we're a little embarrassed about it. Sorry, parents!!Really poor sevice is the motto here. During "restaurant week" they had ONE server for the inside and outside. We had a drink order taken wuickly though and the bartender informed me that they had run out of sweet vermouth so she couldnt make a Manhatten. After waiting for another 10 minutes I had to ask her if she could take our order. Food service was slow. Had a crabcake eggs benedict which were barely warm when I got them. Awful experience.We were here for their soft opening, and were blown away by the ambiance. Unfortunately the dishes we ordered were underwhelming , especially at the price-point. But they're new, so we're thinking they're still working out the kinks. 
The best dish we ordered was the mushroom mac and cheese.  Asked for a medium rare burger that came out well done and the salad was essentially just large pieces of watercress and some beets.. and an almost non-existent dressing. The big easy cocktail felt like it was missing something and wasn't up to par for the amount it cost. 
We may go back but probably not until they got more traction.Best food in Manayunk! The drinks are delicious and the service was great. The crest Caeser salad was to die for! I will come back Everytime I'm in yunk.Went to dinner here with three other people. Waited 15 minutes for our waitress to come to our table, then we proceeded to wait 25+ minutes for our drinks. Our apps came before we even got our drinks. I ordered the petite steak and it was cold when it arrived. Very poor service. The ambiance is nice, but will not be coming back due to their poor customer service and average food. A truly missed opportunity.Last night was my first night at SOMO but it definitely won't be my last!
The ambiance here was amazing. The décor is reminiscent of a classic speakeasy with accents of a vintage book store. The menu was very thorough having offerings for meat eaters as well as vegetarians, but the highlight is definitely their cocktail menu. 
We started with the mussels for an appetizer and I have to say I was dissapointed. The flavor of the broth was overwhelmed with burnt onion, and therefore lacked any substance. Although discouraged, I waited for my main course to prove me wrong about their cuisine and it did! 
I opted for something lite, the scallop risotto while my friend ordered something rich and savory the chicken and waffles. My risotto was cooked perfectly and the scallops were plump and lightly seared making them perfectly tender and flavorful. It's drizzled with a sweet citrus vinigarette that a was a delightful surprise. 
Finally, cocktails! Their cocktail list was incredible. Such a detailed wide array of cocktails that you won't find anywhere else in Manayunk. The Respect Your Elderflowers - try it and I promise you won't be disappointed.Been here a few times so far now, twice for dinner and once for drinks.  I'd have to say that the atmosphere reminds me of a center city feel but still has a manayunk flair, which is good. The beer list does not disappoint, so that's a plus. The signature drinks are on point too. The food is pretty good, small plates, you should give the shrimp and grits a try.Great place for brunch and fantastic service!!! The food was super fresh and well prepared. Highly recommend the lobster Mac and cheese, avocado toast, and brioche French toast bananas foster. Our waitress Elle was awesome!Nice new gastropub with reasonable price:
Pros:
1. Food tasted really good at this price range. We ordered SOMO burger and green pea burger and we were not disappointed. 
2. Good (not great, compare to some other pub in this area and center city) beer selection
3. ALL 24 beer on tap are half price on happy hour is really a steal. Probably it's the opening promotion?
Cons:
1. We ordered 2 cocktails. To be honest, it's far from good. The bartender is barely familiar with the ingredient and protocol. He is very nervous all the time. Many waiters do not know their place to stay. Many of them just gather together and chatting when nobody needs to be served.
2. Firstly, we want to order CUBAN because the braised oxtail really intrigued my curiosity. However, as a new restaurant, and we arrived around 5pm, they told us they were run out of ingredient of this dish. What can I say...
Anyway, I give it 3.5 stars. Probably gonna try it again if they properly train their crew.Great atmosphere! A good variety of selection of beer on tap! Service is good.  Dry rub chicken wings are by fat my favorite.  Steak and burger taste funky; I'm sure if you ask them they would say it's beef.  Mussels are not fresh.  I really wish the food quality could be as good as it tries to be.My 2 friends and I heard there were bottomless mimosas so we were automatically sold this Sunday!! We walked in to the small, rustic themed restaurant and were immediately in love. We were greated by a sweet waitress that took us to our seat promptly (and gave us the brunch menu because it's available until 4 PM for all of us late Sunday Funday-ers!) I am usually set on one thing I find on the menu but I found a few options I was in between. My one friend and I both got short rib benedict and the other, lobster and crab mac and cheese. We were all thrilled by our food! There were good portions and they were all filling. BUT MY FAVORITE PART!!! Bottomless mimosas for $18/person until 4! Our glasses were never empty! The service was amazing (Kevin), very knowledgeable and attentive. We will be back next weekend with more friends!!!Worst service ever. Food came out cold. Would not recommend going. It's a shame. It's beautiful inside.I went to this place for brunch and wow so overpriced for mediocre food! The piece of bread they gave us did not have absolutely no taste. I got the steak and eggs, I asked for the steak to be cooked medium and what I got was rare. Never again.Went for dinner. Small place, but a lot of bar seating. Great cocktails. Good beer list; their keg of stone enjoy by kicked, so got almost a full glass on the house. Foie gras (special), sweetbreads (special), Brussel sprouts, burrata, and bread pudding all amazing--especially the sweetbreads. A little loud when full, but would happily come back ANYTIME.Nice new addition to the heart of Main Street in Manayunk.  We went for brunch with the kids and had a good time.  My wife had the green pea-burger and I had the eggs Benedict with pork belly.
Both were creative and presented nicely.  The texture of the bread and the proteins were both nice.  The eggs Benedict was actually fairly light and not as heavy as I have had elsewhere.  The English muffin was nice and warm; it was soft but still had a good crisp. The same was true for the burger which has a nice green salad on board with a great sauce.
We will try to go back for dinner/drinks in the future.  I also want to try the chicken and waffles for brunch!Great food, but pricey for such small portion sizes. Drinks were also super expensive, so go during happy hour. Quick and friendly bartenders and staff!I went in for dinner with some friends. While the atmosphere, drinks, and service were very nice the food was disappointing. I tried the chicken and waffles 
and specifically ordered a hamburger for myself. The chicken and waffles were good, no complaints. However, my hamburger was just bad. It was hard to eat, and you could tell by the size, shape and overall uniformity of the patty (think of two of those thin and dry fast food burgers) that the burgers were frozen and ordered in. For 12 dollars, plus a 2 dollar up charge for 2 prices of bacon, it is certainly not a good value. I think that a burger is easy enough to make that it should be a hand made patty. There's no excuse in my book.
It's hard to give this place such a low review because, as I said, most everything else was nice. But, I can't just get past that burger. It was sad. If this restaurant fixes their burger recipe, then I'd rate this a 4 star restaurant.If I could give six stars, I would. The food is tremendous. The menu comes from the vision of Chef Val, who went out of his way to come say hello. The drinks are unbelievable, and the service 5 starsGreat place to have breakfast/ brunch, bottomless Mimosas, healthy menu choices, nice decor, clean, roomy , outside seating and the staff is nice. I suggest the Crab Benedict w/Salad. I will absolutely return for the Mimosa's, decent champagne served with tasty fresh juice (which are not too sugary, you can really taste the fruit), you can choose pomegranate, orange, peach or pear, or you can try them all lol.Nice decor. Came in for dinner and beers. Service was good. The waitress appeared new. She didn't really know the beers being offered and lacked knowledge of the menu. We had the hummus appetizer ( 8$) , stacked burger (12$) and shot ribs (18$) Everything was wonderful. Gave a 4 star because I thought plates were pricey for the serving size.Great atmosphere. I was overall impressed with the new restaurant. I ordered the short rib sandwich, and it was okay. There wasn't too much taste to the short rib itself, but it was alright. I will order something else next time, as my friends really enjoyed their meals.We had a wonderful experience at Somo.  We came in for an early dinner on Tuesday - party of 8 including two kids.  Nice variety on the menu.  The green pea burger is delicious and different.  We also enjoyed the short rib fries.  My father in law couldn't believe the size of the shrimp (huuuuge) with his shrimp and grits.   Crab salad was all crab meat (no fillers).  Burgers were juicy.  My eight year old says the mac & cheese was on point.  Best part was the attentiveness of the staff.  Fast service, water glasses always filled, even adjusted the air conditioner for us.  Didn't catch the name of our waitress, but she was amazing and so very kind to our children.  She offered up kid friendly options for us even though there isn't a printed kids menu.  In fact, all the staff was friendly, chatting and joking with our little ones.  Mother in law wanted some tartar sauce... no problem, chef whipped some up for her.  Can't wait to come back for brunch and also a date night.  Great addition to Main Street.Went last night for restaurant week. There were some bumps along the way; they ran out of a couple things and couldn't do substitutions.  Things like that are to be expected with the volume of restaurant week, though. 
Everything tasted amazing, the pork belly, and duck stew were outstanding. Our server Cora Anne was so sweet, and went out of her way to make sure we were happy and taken care of. The manager, Jon was great as well. I can't say enough how appreciative we were of their service.  I'd definitely go again.Oh the cocktails in this place deserves all my 5 stars!! I tried 'Sling Blade' from the menu and it was sooo good. We ordered some cocktails and finger food for the table. I would recommend you to get the hummus plate, it tastes so fresh and delicious! 
We got our table on a very busy wednesday. Maybe it was because of the super bowl week! Our hostess was sweet and served us really well. The manager/owner came up to our table and ensured we were having a good time. I would definitely visit again!Went there for diner was greeted by our waitress .Great atmosphere could talk and didn't have to yell. Our waitress answered every question I had about the menu and was very knowledgeable of the menu and gave great suggestions. The wings came with a green herb sauce different then what I'm use to but it was a good change. Will definitely be returning.Went to SOMO for a late night drink after a night out. The staff was super friendly....and they made me a delicious ginger cocktail off of their signature drink menu. Great lighting and music! Plan to come back again for brunch/dinner so we can try the foodWhat.a.disappointment
Arrived at Somo excited to try the cocktails and the bar had a few open seats. When I asked a couple if they could shift down, the bartender was very rude and told them not to move. There is no quality service and an utter disregard for customer satisfaction.
Sincerely,
Not impressedThis place has really turned everything around since I first tried it when it opened.
My main gripes were boring beer list and poorly executed food.  They've had plenty of time to improve everything, and I am happy to say they have.
Most recently I stopped in for restaurant week and the duck stew was incredible.  Knocked my socks off.This place is great. We ordered the Brussels and they were so good we had two.  The short rib is really to die for.  All that is fine but then add in classy cocktails and great atmosphere and this place serves as the ideal date nightWent for Happy Hour...I loved pretty much everything about this place. The service, the decor, the ambiance, the food/drinks was perfect. They have a grown and sexy vibe which I really liked. I rarely eat veggie burgers but their Green Pea burger I could eat every week! My husband got the Crab Salad and the Short Rib Poutine. He absolutely loved his food too. Yup, I'm a fan!This is a cocktails only review on opening night. Unfortunately, their kitchen wasn't quite ready for business when Jared & I arrived, because if the cocktails are any indication, their food will be awesome.
I started with the ginger rogers and watched as the bartender followed the step by step directions to perfection.  The prickly pear foam at the end really sets the drink apart.  For $9, the price is in line or slightly under the typical cocktail bar prices, which is great as manayunk needed another fine drinking establishment (nothing against the more 'party' drink locations of yunk).
The site was previously rubb.  I had been in there once and was not impressed.  Somo took the time to really clean up the place. Appearances aren't everything, but man I like being able to bring a date to a nice looking place.  Somo will do and I will be back for more drinks and hopefully a bite or two.The food was mediocre, the tables were too close together, and it was extremely loud. All that said, the wait staff was so lovely and the drinks were great, so since they've only just opened I'd say give them a chance.Terrible service. Our waitress forgot our drinks so I flagged down the manager as he passed by to resolve that issue. 
We ordered the curry vegetarian burger and the crab cake eggs Benedict and asked for spinach to be added to the eggs. Both came with fries. One side of fries was cooked perfectly the other was the overly cooked, dried out brown pieces and ends that accumulate at the bottom on the bin. I didn't care enough to complain as I didn't plan on eating many. The big problem was the eggs Benedict. One was fine and delicious the other egg was overcooked with the yolk solid. Properly cooked poached eggs are runny yolks, solid whites. 
When our waitress finally came by to see how our meals were prepared (we were almost done eating) I mentioned I was sending back the one half of the Benedict order with the overly cooked egg. ......(crickets)......she didn't bring a new order, take my plate, send over the manager, just walked away. She did what she did throughout the whole meal which was hang out at the bar chatting with her coworkers.
Finally, she walked over and I handed her the plate to send it back. When it finally came out...no spinach. Sent it back again. Comes back with, basically, a raw egg on top. Runny, disgusting WHITES and yolk. 
She never checked back to see if we were satisfied. When I flagged her down again for the check, I brought to her attention the state of the egg. She walked away. SO I had to walk it to the bar and hand it to the manager to show him his chef can't cook a poached egg. 
Manager couldn't have cared less!
Never going back. Waste of money for horrible service.We went for brunch. Bottomless mimosas, yes please! Personally I felt like the price was very fair for bottomless mimosas (24$ a person) since we never had an empty glass. The food was fantastic and the service was amazing service. Can't wait to go back!Cocktails were flavorful, beer selection extensive, food was delicious and server was attentive. Happy hour is also a must here! $5 bites and great deals on alcohol. We also had a couple sandwiches (salmon blt and "cheesesteak") that were great. I only wish we had other options for sides besides fries or a salad. Overall, we'll be back for dinner and to try brunch!Last night I stopped by SOMO in Manayunk. It just recently opened, and it has already been generating pretty positive buzz. We have a few good restaurants in Manayunk, but over the years we've also had a few duds, so I was cautiously optimistic.
To start with, the interior is beautifully designed, though that's not surprising since the owner also designed B2 Bluefin and City Tap House. I would call the decor stylish, with exposed brick and a beautiful marble top bar.
The staff was incredibly friendly and attentive. They seemed to be genuinely interested in making sure everyone was having a good time. It was also obvious that they liked each other and liked working there, which definitely contributed to the fun and lively atmosphere.
As soon as I sat down I ordered a Margarita, which is my favorite drink. It's not easy to find a bar that makes a good Margarita, but thankfully, SOMO does. theirs is hand-crafted, which immediately puts it above many of the ones I've had in Philly. But the most important element in a well-made Margarita is the balance between liquor content and taste. They have found that balance, as they serve a very tasty Margarita with just the right amount of Tequilla.
The main reason I came to SOMO though, was that I had heard more than once that they had an excellent burger. I don't eat burgers often these days, with summer right around the corner, but I made an exception to see if this burger would live up to the hype. It did not disappoint. They serve a juicy burger with Manchego cheese and a fried egg on top, between a warm fresh bun and accompanied by house cut fries. It was delicious! I would put it in the same category as the famous Rouge burger. Afterward, I had the cheese plate, which was a nice way to finish the meal. If you are in Manayunk, I recommend stopping by.All I can say is delicious!!! Shrimp and grits, Brussels and bacon, black eyed pea hummus, Poutine... we had it all and the drinks were great! Try Georgia on my mind and Ginger Rogers. Both strong and good.went there for brunch and the experience was amazing!  Food was perfect staff was incredible.  Chicken and Waffles and Short Rib Pountine were delicious! Family friendly atmosphere.  Will make a it a regular weekend place to eat.  Can't wait to try dinner.Sat at a two-top high table.... one side was bench, but the other was a backless stool. It wasn't comfortable. It was a Friday night, not terribly busy, but the waitress hesitated when I told her I didn't have a reservation. After we were seated, it took the waitress a while to come over for our drink orders. My boyfriend ordered a beer from their decent selection of drafts. That came quickly. My cocktail, on the other hand, did not arrive until after my meal. By that time, happy hour was over, so I missed out on a second round. For dinner, I was hoping to try the risotto. They were out. That wasn't the only small plate we ordered that they were out of by 7pm. I ended up getting the mushroom mac and my boyfriend had the Cuban. We were both very happy with our meals. Really, it was the service that was lacking (inattentiveness). The manager came over near the end of our meal and was very kind and receptive.We've been wanting to try this place for awhile and finally got the opportunity on a Saturday night. It's pretty small inside and we couldn't get a reservation, so the three of us sat at the bar. The service was great and the mixed drinks were nicely done. I got the Respect your Elderflowers: cucumber vodka, st. germain, fresh lime, ginger beer, topped with candied ginger. This drink did a good job of not being too overwhelmed by the ginger- it had a nice balance that went down easy. 
The disco fries were good- topped with cheddar, bacon and short rib gravy. Nothing terribly exciting about them though. I had a burger which was quite good but again, not super adventurous. Honestly I would be more impressed with the pub food if it were just a little bit cheaper. But this would be a nice spot for drinks to just hang out with friends or watch a game.More like slowwwmo. Common hire some people. Lot of potential but one bartender. Took forevvvvvverGood little spot with a hip vibe. The food alright but I've only tried one thing off the menu. The drinks were everything!!The original menu is what drove me to want to check this place out but the menu was changed cutting almost everything that appealed to me.
Cute spot.... I can't say that I got a real Carribean flavor but the flavoring of the food was really good. The texture of the the Jamaican patties were soggy instead of flaky so I wasn't a huge fan of those. The drinks were good.This is a great little spot right in Main Street. I've been here a few times and haven't had a bad experience yet. They have great wings here and a decent cocktail menu with a few sake cocktails. They also have sake juice boxes and I'm a sucker for kitchy. They have a decent happy hour with some $5 apps and half priced drafts and well cocktails. They service has always been good but I've never been blown away by it either. I haven't had any entrees but their appetizers are very good, particularly the wings. Also, they do a late night happy hour and have had a dj on the weekends. The space is a little small but it's very cute and cozy.Great new spot. Calm vibe, great cocktail list, soothing bar and atmosphere. Tasty cocktails and simple on point menu. Worth a Manayunk wandering walk.Was very pleasantly impressed by the food here. Came on a Saturday night, 7 pm with reservation. The place was pretty crowded. It's a nice and cozy, ambient vibe. Good beer selection. 
Food wise: got the braised octopus - comes out as a whole tentacle. Well cooked! Soft with enough chew on a bed of greens and...Laban? Not sure but it was a light and refreshing dish with well seasoned octopus. 
Disco fries: SO GOOD! Fries were crispy, short rib was tender and flavorful. Kinda wish there were more gravy but then the fries woulda been soggy. Would def recommend!
For entrees, got the mushroom pappardelle. REALLY GOOD! My partner kept reaching over for some haha. Pasta is made well, two types of mushrooms, one that seems quite 'meaty' when you bite into it, and the ricotta is kind of placed on two sides under everything so you can just dab it on as you like.  I thought it had a good flavor and overall didn't feel too heavy. 
Also got the seared tuna - well cooked, not dry. Can't remember much else lol not bad but not standout. 
Overall, a good dining experience. The place is a little on the pricier side with most apps sitting in the $10 range and apps in the $20s. I'm not itching to go back but I wouldn't mind stopping by again.I've never had a bad experience or meal. Been coming here for a year plus. The salmon sandwich is amazing and the wings are top notch. Very welcoming staff. One of my fav restaurants in the city!A true cocktail bar was what was missing in Manayunk. The ambiance is great plus their music selection always makes my experience. Their craft cocktails won't disappoint and their beer selection is noteworthy especially for those that appreciate stouts and porters like I do. The burger is a must for meat lovers. 
Staff is very friendly.. shoutout to Max who always makes myself and my guests feel right at home when we pop up to the bar.
Thursday nights after 9 are great hip hop new and old by DJ AdrienneI was looking for a nice meal in a relatively quiet restaurant, because the crowds at the art festival were really getting to me. 
Unfortunately, I didn't find it here. :(
I'm giving an extra star because my server was nice and because the food itself was not great but not bad.
It was only about 1pm and there were people at the bar who were so loud that even the people at the table near me were like "Whoa." - it's marketed as a lounge, not a bar, so I was disappointed by the atmosphere.
The food was sort of meh, to be honest.  I got the seasonal omelet because I figured I should have some vegetables today, and I had a side of potatoes.  The omelet wasn't bad, but didn't taste very special, and the potatoes tasted like they had been heated up for sure.  I don't expect all things made to order but you've gotta hide it really well if you're not going that route, you know?
$17 later I was full but not satisfied.  If I go here again I'll go with a group and prepare myself for the volume, while also trying out something more lunch-y.I went there for brunch today and the coffee was good! The food selection for brunch was nice especially for being a weekday.. my food didn't come out as described on the menu. I actually had to ask for the missing ingredients.. And unfortunately for us, we saw a mouse run by the bar not once but TWICE.. we immediately lost our appetite and we could not finish our food. We quickly brought it to the staff members attention (manager in particular) and he didn't react much at all. He didn't offer to compensate at least for the drinks or anything. They seemed to be used to it already. I was so excited to go to this restaurant but I will NOT be returning.I went for brunch at SOMO with my friends and really enjoyed the atmosphere, food and service! I thought this was the perfect spot for brunch in Manayunk with very reasonable prices! 
I ordered the ricotta pancakes with fruit and it was very tasty! My friend Bethany got the eggs Benedict and really enjoyed it. My friend Lex got avocado toast, which she enjoyed and my friend Nina got an omelette! Nina said the omelette was good but very filling. I also ordered bottomless mimosas which were only $24 dollars and were very worth it! My waiter was on top of his game, always making sure my glass was filled to the top! 
The only reason I did not give SOMO five stars is because  Lex and Bethany said the coffee was bad. But I cannot speak to that because I didn't try it. But everything else was great. The atmosphere was a very cool vibe and the music was great. We all enjoyed our meals and the mimosa's were great! Would highly recommend SOMO!Good food. 
Beautiful inside (besides the lamps with masking tape signs reading "do not touch").
Seems like it could be a cool local music night spot. 
One thing that bothers me is the manager who sits at the round table by the front door and obnoxiously interjects on every conversation he overhears. 
The servers are nice. 
Stacker burger is banging. 
But i can't bring myself to stop in when i see the one manager working.Unfortunately not as impressive as it tries to appear.
The short rib poutine was dry.  Fries with melted cheese on top, basically no gravy to speak of.  The short rib on top was pretty good but nowhere near enough to save the dish.
The shrimp and grits came out tepid.  Grits were pretty good.  Two whole shrimp on top, not so much.  Had it been warm it could have been passable.
One of the biggest crimes in my opinion is the uninspired beer list.  Twenty-four taps, about six were already kicked with no replacements while I was there, so we are down to 18.  There is so much that can be done with that many taps.  Unfortunately, while they have a good variety of breweries, it's all bread and butter offerings from each.  There is so much room to experiment.  For example, 18 taps and not a single sour.  Whoever is curating the list lacks imagination.  They inherited the system from Rubb, who occupied the space before them, and it just seems like they have no idea what to do with it.
+1 star for the decor.  They obviously put a lot of money into the place, and it looks great.
Tighten up your beer game and work on food quality!My husband and I love this place for brunch and we recommend it to everyone. Everything we've had here is delicious! The fried chicken with French toast is absolutely cravable while also being incredibly unique. Also it's worth the extra calories to get one of their homemade English muffins. The only down side to Somo is that they get crowded, so be sure to plan accordingly. They're worth the wait!*Definitely not bottomless mimosas*
Honestly, this place is actually really good. The environment is beautiful and the food was delicious. The reason for the 3 stars is because of the service. 
From the start, the servers weren't familiar with restaurant policies nor were coordinated with each other. We set an initial reservation for brunch, and called to update the reservation for a later time the next day. Upon arriving, they marked us as a "no show" because no one updated our reservation for our initial reservation time. 
We also called TWICE before arriving to ask if we had to purchase food to get the $18 bottomless mimosas. Both time, the server told us we didn't. Upon arriving, we were informed this was incorrect and in fact we did have to purchase food to get the mimosa deal. We also called BOTH times to ask if there was a time limit to the bottomless deal, and again BOTH times were told we could stay there the whole 5.5 hours if we wanted and would receive the bottomless mimosa deal. The server even joked that we would receive a "round of applause from the staff" if we could hang the whole time.
Not all servers shared this mentality, however.
Our group of 5 had arrived and all ordered food plus bottomless mimosas. Our server, Shelly, happily refilled our mimosas while we ate. We were done eating after about 45 minutes. After we were done, Shelly immediately brought our check and walked away. We stopped receiving refills. I had to flag her down to ask for a mimosa refill. At this point, she said that the restaurant had a policy that "you only get one refill after the check is brought". Had we known this....we would have kept eating for another hour. This was also not in line with what we were told on the phone beforehand. After speaking with her, she said she would speak with her manager.
The manager/owner came over and told us not to worry about it, and that we would continue to receive refills (we had only been there for an hour at this point). However, Shelly only came by one time after this to give us another round. She didn't speak or look at us and made us feel extremely uncomfortable. She waited so long to give us a refill that the restaurant had ran out of prosecco at this point. She told us "we could wait a half hour" if we wanted more mimosas. We decided to leave, but not before paying the $30 automatic gratuity. 
My friends and I were looking forward to this all week. We called several times to confirm our reservation and restaurant policies, and both fell through. With how the servers operate, you're paying $18 for mimosas that are bottomless so long as you're eating (and how long can that be, really?). If I knew I would only be getting 3-4 mimosas, I would have gone down the street where they have $3 drink deals.
Unfortunately due to this experience, we will not be returning.Cool atmosphere - had high hopes for it but definitely didn't meet the expectations. Food was sub-par and overpriced. The drink menu looked impressive if you want to spend $15 on a specialty cocktail but other than that, nothing special about this place.Atmosphere was amazing, service was phenomenal, they have a great selection of specialty cocktails. For dinner I got the buratta to start which was good. I got the lobster Mac and cheese for my entree and it was just ok. The sauce was bland, there was 2 measly pieces of lobster and it was overloaded with peas. I really loved the restaurant despite my subpar dish and I will definitely go back to give it another shot.in town visiting my dad and decided to check out Somo- we were both VERY pleased! our food was delicious, the service was flawless.
we shared the lemon garlic parm wings and ordered the lobster and shrimp mac, brussels sprouts, and seared octopus - EVERYTHING was perfectly prepared. I know I'll dream about those wings 
not only was the food impeccable, the service was wonderful - thank you for being so attentive to my dad and I; you made us feel welcome. we will absolutely be backI've been wanting to try SOMO for a while now and am so glad that I finally got the chance to last night. Originally from looking at reviews here I was apprehensive as it looked expensive and portions looked small but my boyfriend and I were pleasantly surprised that this was not the case at all- I couldn't finish my sandwich at all! Well worth the money. We got an order of honey sriracha wings to share and then I got the SOMO cheesesteak and my boyfriend got the steak frites. The cheesesteak is not at all like a traditional Philly cheesesteak but it tasted incredible (although was a bit hard to eat/messy, but it was worth it). The fries were very tasty and my boyfriend's steak was cooked perfectly and he loved the jus it was served with. As good as the food is though, what makes SOMO stand out from all of the other restaurants in Manayunk is its ambiance, service and cocktails. Especially the cocktails. My drink (the slingblade)  tasted incredible and my boyfriend who doesn't even like gin tried a sip and liked it as well. Our service was also amazing and my boyfriend was offered samples of their ciders as he was debating between two of them and now he has a new favorite cider! I can't wait to come here for happy hour and try more of their craft cocktails.Great food and a nice atmosphere. We tried the SOMO burger and the lobster shrimp mac and cheese and were more than pleased with both.I like the Chicken French Toast.
It is great.
Its a shame they got rid of Chef Val. 
I like his food.We rushed down to Main St. to not miss happy hour and came here a little after 5. But beware, the happy hour starts at 6 pm and ends at 7 pm. We decided to stay though and had some drinks. I had a couple of the beers on tap, which they have a balanced selection of. 
At around 6 pm we asked to look at the happy hour menu, but nothing on it was really jumping out at us. So we just ordered from the regular menu and bought more drinks. We got the honey sriracha wings and the calamari and were not disappointed. The wings are perfectly cooked and the sauce paired really well. The calamari was excellently fried and all of the ingredients including the dipping sauces were delicious.
There are only good things to say concerning the bar staff as well. They seemed to all get along well and were attentive to us and all of the other patrons there.My girlfriends and I had a great time participating in restaurant week at SOMO! We arrived during happy hour, so we took advantage of the discounted cocktails, draft beers, and appetizers. For restaurant week, there were awesome and delicious off-regular-menu items, including lobster bisque, duck stew, and panna cotta. Our server, Katie, was attentive and knowledgeable. She really made our experience the best! I'm looking forward to going back!SOMO is the newbie of manayunk trying to re-ignite the Main Street of old but missies the mark. The low lighting and wings are a plus but the drinks were subpar. Definitely has great potential.Absolutely amazing experience. From the food to the service everything was perfect. It is pricey but in my opinion worth it. I had the salmon sandwich which probably the best thing i ever tasted and the fries that come with it were equally as good. For apps we had them Brussel sprouts and a mix of garlic parm and honey sriracha wings they were delicious. For drinks we tried their ginger rogers and it was very refreshingI enjoyed everything that I tried. The entree portions were perfect and the entrees were super tasty. Our server was excellent and the atmosphere was nice and chill. The mussels & calamari were very good, I wish the serving was larger. The mushroom noodle dish was perfectly seasoned and satisfying. I definitely want to return to try more selections.Food was good, the raspberry sake was ok. Def. a nice venue with trendy vibes. Staff was very inviting and we were seated within 10 mins on a Saturday afternoon. Decor was nice overall unique concept. I will return.Amazing brunch options and they fill your mimosas the second you finish! I just moved into the area and definitely making this a regular spot.Great drinks, vibes and food! All around a great atmosphere to share with friends or that special someone.Cute spot and the food is pretty good. Been here about two times. So I would definitely give it another try and hopefully I will get to try the Brussel sprouts next time b/c they always were out of it when I went there.The Brussels sprouts w bacon were excellent. We try calamari at every restaurant available as a baseline. Calamari here was the worst. Soggy. Service great. Super atmosphere! Probably better than the rest of the good.What a great place for food and drink.  The host seated us right away on a Saturday night at 630. We thought we would have to wait but to our surprise a table was ready for us. 
The drinks were great and the apps delicious. We had the hummus and another the SOMO disco fries.  You have to try these. It has bacon short ribs cheddar and gravy and yummy.  Dinners were beet salad shared with one of the burgers.  I had the fried chicken sandwich and boy you have to try this. It was delicious. 
We had one hiccup, we ordered drinks during our meal and they took awhile. We asked and they worked on it and finally they arrived.  The waitress was very gracious and apologetic and gave us the round on the house. I did say something about it again and to our surprise the hostess came over and again apologized. They have a wonderful staff and we will definitely return.Met my youngest here for dinner before her return to CA. We really enjoyed the food and the hostess, Erica, was a sweetheart! It was crowded but she got us a great table in the back of the place, much quieter. Orders were taken right away, and were prompt getting back, and my burger was 'phenomenal!" (you agree, Erica??.....lol). I was surprised as it was so crowded, that it didn't affect our service. Erica was nice enough to chat with us in between running her ass all over, and found out she and my daughter have rock climbing in common! And the three of us have tattoos as well!.....fun stuff!!
I guess all the 'cool' kids go here, eh?
I know we will, and I would go back just to shoot the shit with a cool lady!
Great place!Great spot. Calm vibe, tasty cocktail list, soothing bar and atmosphere. Tasty cocktails and simple on point menu. Worth a Manayunk wandering walk.The best place about it was the service it was exceptional. The Mac and cheese was average the fries are fantastic and the burger leaves you wanting something more. Great ambianceWent here for the first time on Mother's Day. The restaurant was not crowded which was a plus. A small intimate restaurant in a great location. Very cute in the inside. I had their brunch and loved it.This place is garbage. I don't write many reviews, because generally I'm cool with mediocre... It's whatever I can eat after work. These jabrones call what is clearly chuck steak (pot roast) their "short ribs". If my mom hadn't introduced me to shitty food I probably wouldn't have known better... But she did and now cooks better than these fucksters. Full disclosure, I am a dishwasher and don't like this platform, yet needed to expell my disgust at a caesar salad that was fucking spinach and maybe a few dead leaves of arugula. I see better passion every day. The fucking menu says "baby Romaine". The only baby thing about this warm-shouldnt-be-warm salad that saved it was that they served it with a fetus. That fetus will probably grow up to be a better salad tosser. Fuck em. Not every jabrone needs validation by owning a minute in the Yunk.Had a delicious brunch here! I ordered the burger which was so delicious, but the star of the table was the fried chicken french toast! Sooo good, would never have thought to order it. The drinks are also delicious and the atmosphere is nice. Definitely recommend!Oh my gosh - fantastic brunch!! It was my boyfriend's post-bday lunch so I had him pick our food. The star - something I'd never order - was the fried chicken and french toast. Uh-mazing!!! 
Service was great, prices reasonable, and just a comfortable place to enjoy indulgent food.
GREAT FIND.Stumbled upon this small quaint place as I was googling places to have brunch. We loved the location, its small and intimate and I must say the food was delicious. Sydney was our server/bartender and let me say the girl knows how to make drinks... I only had mimosa and it was amazing. The food was priced right, we tried the chicken wings, french toast chicken and ricotta pancake. Oh let me not forget about the grits.... now, I'm a southern girl so I love grits and well, we ate those too. Overall, if I ever go back to Philly again we would definitely go back to Somo. Make sure you get there too if you are ever in the area. 
All the way from Dallas TXThey staff was really nice. I liked the dressing on the salad and the spread on the toast. However, the lime served with my beer (as pictured) was a bit too brown spotted for me..: also some of the arugula was a bit too yellow for me (as pictured). This was other wise tasty...Great food, great amount of televisions, knowledgeable staff, and always a great decision. Get their chicken and waffles, and old fashioned.GLENN was amazing!!! He was so nice and knowledgeable about the menu! I'm going to make this my manayunk spot!Came here for a date night and was not disappointed. I had ordered take out a few months ago and had the best veggie burger I've ever had in my life... and I'm a vegetarian! I got the mushroom pasta which was incredible. My bf got the filet and said it was cooked perfectly. The ambiance is lovely and the people are hip. Our server was kind and attentive. The music was really cool too! We got a delicious banana dessert and some drinks as well. A little pricey but definitely worth it. Will surely be coming back on another special occasion!Terrible customer service. We ordered food and waited an hour. Waitress for our table disappeared and we tried asking another waitress but got no answer for the next ten mins. Very disappointed and we left cash on table for the drink and left.The meal my Fiancé and I had was great. We initially sat inside, but there were flies that kept bothering us as we at. The waitress was kind enough to sit us outside, however the tables are too big and made it pretty tough to get into the booth. 
On to the meal! We started out with the calamari which was very good. I recommend getting the chipotle Mayo on the side if you want to dip into the sweet chili sauce. 
The shrimp and lobster mac and cheese was ok, I just thought It was a tad bit salty. Everything else, such as the cheese sauce & the sprinkle of bread crumbs, blended perfectly. I also didn't think this meal option provided the best value considering the serving size. 
The fried chicken sandwich was excellent value. It came with a nice serving of fries. The hot sauce/lite spicy Mayo mix was ok and the chicken was fried to perfection.SOMO was so cute! The ambience is warm and has a modern industrial/rustic charm. I got the fried chicken French toast and it was 10/10. The brioche bun was thick and soft and whatever the sauce was on that chicken was yummm! We also got Brussels sprouts and that was also a 10/10! 
Only reason I give it a 4 was cuz of the service. The lady serving us was very uninterested when taking our orders and would just walk away after writing it down. I also asked her to put the Parmesan on the Brussels sprouts on the side due to dairy allergy but they forgot to do that. It's not a huge deal breaker but I think my friends and I would've had a much better 5 star experience if the service was also top notch! It did get pretty busy and crowded so i wouldnt say it's the best place to come to during covid. But food and ambience wasWay to finally class it up Manayunk. SOMO looks great inside. Modern rustic is the term I like to use. It's defiantly classier than most of Manayunk establishments which wreak of a hangover on a Sunday morning. SOMO also looks clean and inviting. This was my first impression. Second impression was that it was loud. During a packed brunch, you were forced to hold a rather loud conversation with the person across from you (maybe this fact alone keeps some of the less classy residents away who would otherwise be forced to loudly piece together their night).  The food was good but the well crafted drinks were better. Service was great. Attentive but not overbearing.Service:
Good. The staff were polite and helpful. 
Bathroom:
They don't have functioning locks on the bathroom doors. They have tiny signs indicating if the lights are on the bathroom is occupied. They also serve bottomless mimosas at brunch. Do you think drunk people read signs before swinging the door open? I believe this is a health code violation that needs to be addressed immediately!
Food:
Fried Chicken & French toast - the combo doesn't work. The chorizo gravy is overpowering with no depth of flavor (I just get smoked paprika). The slaw is misplaced. The chicken has no flavor. I barely ate my portion.
Disco Fries: nothing to brag about. Too much gravy. Not a nice dish.
Drinks:
I didn't like the cocktails. They were not balanced enough. I think they focus on bottomless mimosas for their drunk college crowd. Brunch got very loud because they over serve.
I won't be returning to this establishment. They need to reconsider their menu. The food has no depth of flavor and wasn't very inventive for the price point.Winner winner chicken dinner. I think this place deserving of 5 stars but ordering takeout makes the experience so limiting.
Vaccinated family was coming by and we tried to get a reservation. They wouldn't seat a table of 5 because of COVID restriction. I get it. I respect it. So we ordered brunch for 5 as takeout. Yes, two huge bags of food that was cold by the time we got home. So that's really why I don't know the full effect of what this place is working with. The pictures on the website seem lovely.
Anyway, the food reminds of comfort. Go here if you want to leave, get home and take a big delicious nap. The sriracha honey wings were great. Spicy but not too much so. The fried chicken and French toast was delicious although the french toast could have been cooked a little longer. Don't rush greatness, my friends. The sunny side up egg on top with the gravy... oooooh yes yes yes. Reminded me of grandmom house in South Carolina. My cousin and aunt loved their bananas foster pancakes and home fries. The beignets were okay, don't get them expecting New Orleans (I've been 3 times and will only get beignets from the pros). 
We got a lot of food and it was all really delicious. I'd imagine dining in while it's hot and fresh off the griddle would be even more amazing. This is a safe spot to eat!The food was really good, we had a party of 4 which we expected a wait no issues there. The only issue I had was honestly something they couldn't control, it was 95 degrees outside. Would've loved to have had an option to choose as we had a reservation but wasn't given a choice on inside or outside. Outside of trying to enjoy the food in 95 degrees with humidity, it was ok.
This was my 1st time there, this is why i said "trying" the food.Spent the day in Manayunk and spotted Somo as we were walking down the street.Initially the hostess told us we have to make a reservation and it could be an hour or so wait and I got a little chummy with the other hostess who somehow made a table magically appear so in terms of hostess support hands-down impressed however our experience goes totally downhill from here.
It was a while that we were sitting at our table before we were finally recognized and cold water was brought over and finally our server came to talk to us about the menu and take ourdrink order.
I wanted to start off with iced coffee but per the server they were only had it half-and-half, a little odd considering this neighborhood and the type of folks here that they wouldn't have a far ranging options of different milks.  but somehow miraculously a very tiny amount of milk appeared on the table to accompany my iced coffee. Better than nothing I suppose.
Nexf we placed our order, my wife ordered pancakes and she really would've preferred having the strawberries mixed into the batter but that was something that they apparently would not accommodate so we got it with the strawberries on top and for me I simply ordered their poached egg option off the menu and then we watched the time click by and click by and it took some more to about 40 minutes later our brunch finally arrived. Hence after asking a few times our meal it finally came out. Not like they were crazy super busy there were some empty tables but can't understand why our server wasn't going back and putting a push for it to find out where our food was. Plus with all that weight time server never once came back to offer a refill on the ice coffee and that dropper size amount of milk that they gave me.
My wife got to taste hers first and it was to her liking, however as soon as I cut into my poached egg we realized it was not poached any longer, it was basically hard boiled eggs.  how do you ruin poached eggs?  so I asked to have it returned and try again and then I watch the clock tick again and tick again and tick again and 20 minutes later my breakfast still had not come out so we got up paid for the food that we did it and we left.
very sad that this was such a poor experience they were busy look like other people were getting the mail and enjoying their food and their beverages I just don't understand how we became the chosen ones so hence we will not be back again.Just had a great meal at Somo.   Tuesday night sat at the bar for a fundraiser for a friend. The place looks very nice.  Great texture on walls. Great ambiance.  Started with the beet salad.  Don't usually eat beets but this was very tasty. The poutine was ridiculous. The combo of fries cheese and delicious well cooked meaty brisket was spot on.  The petite filet was cooked to perfection. Served hot and juicy.  For desert the donuts and ice cream were fantastic and a great way to finish up.  Throw in 3 cold IPA's and this guy (6 foot 240 lbs of pure hunger) was very well satisfied. 
Will definitely return with the mrs. For a lovely romantic meal.  Excellent.The burger was really good as was the lobster Mac + cheese! Service was also great! Cocktails are so so!We found mold in our fruit plates and the waitress just took the plates away without apology and drop the dishes off our bill without our permission. But when we check, they charge us20% tips. We argued about that and they said there's no way to change this automatic tip which is ridiculous. They even made a ridiculous excuse that they don't have a manager.???Visiting my son and took him out to dinner. This place is solid. Excellent beers, good cocktails and great gastro pub food. 
Calamari with fried jalapeños was delish and burgers were outstanding.. great restaurant week menu and value. We sat at the bar and the bartenders were both friendly and proud of their establishment...Nice restaurant with great service! Buffalo cauliflower was delicious, big portion. Lobster & shrimp Mac & cheese was very good, and mushroom pappardelle was excellent. Georgia peach cocktail was also excellent. We will be back.The food and atmosphere were great. The restaurant is clean and offers indoor and outdoor dining (with heating lamps). The wedge salad, Calamari and baked Brie were all delicious. Would definitely return.Went to SOMO for the first time tonight. My apple salad with Salmon was delicious. Our server, Greysen, was super polite and attentive. I haven't had service like that in a long time. Can't wait to come back!Somo, 
Let's just start by saying SO NO! I came here with my girlfriends and was Excited to try a new restaurant, cause my fat ass loves to eat. For one, the drinks were watered down like a first time conversation with the parents of the person your screwing I mean absolutely pg no personality what so ever,  just shy and awkward. A McDonalds Sprite could've gave me a harder buzz then this so called watermelon punch . If I wanted a Christian night I would've went to Chick-fil-A. Ok f*** the drinks , moving on....my titties are damn near melting off my chest from the heat waiting for our food. Now don't get me wrong I don't  mind the heat I can handle it in a few hour intervals, One time my ass sat bucket naked on Montego Bays hot beach so Beybee the heat don't phase me but what I don't like, is sitting , unbuzzed on some weak ass cocktails that look like they took lessons from my ex , only to be greeted with overly salty food ... food so salty I could hear Philly laughs cueing in and faint voices screaming "dickhead" in the distance. Salty as shit . My blood pressure was rising with each bite I took  . I started dabbing my face with towels like my Grandmom during one of her flashes, and it wasn't because of the heat! It was because I was about two bites away from Hypernatrimia (beybee google it). The best the waitress could do was give us a percentage off, not even the full amount! Which ok, cool, I'm not gone sweat it , I'm already sweating enough. We take it and still tip her handsomely... cause it's not her fault. It's just the food lacked so much depth and personality I had to do a check in with myself ... like baby is you ok? Do WE need to see somebody? . Had me evaluating my damn self. The crab cake my friend order tasted like it was made from a 'just add water' packet . Baby ain't enough water ...try adding flavor, other then that metal y'all done poured from someone's gel pen. My other friend ordered a filet mignon , beybee I almost fell out when it came drowning in Gravy..... yes hunny GRAVY.... On a filet ..... mignon....I should've recognized the cries for help the moment she sat that plate down. I don't know who aunt pearline was back there cooking , but tell auntie to go home, always trying to smother something. And another thing she ordered medium well and beybee that shit was so well done like it ain't need no assistance, not an EBT, SNAP, unemployment check, NOTHING!! Filetta just knew she was a strong independent black women that ain't need no one, not even that salty ass gravy that was hired as the supporting actress. Salt took her job a little too serious and tried to outshine everything on that plate , someone needs to tell sis sometimes less is better , know you role beybee. Always a side chick tryna become the main chick! Anyway, All I have to say is an establishment of this standard needs to maintain it. For now they get a 3 out of 10. If you decide to give this place a try I suggest you get a full medical work up and clearance from your doctor and if you don't have insurance , beybee gone head and pop you a Sectral and say a prayer. Happy eating beybee's!
- Thee Food BeeBeen coming here for years- food is always great,drinks are stiff. Ryan and OLU are awesome bartenders. Atmosphere is cozy yet funFriendly service and great good and drinks! I'm a sucker for cute areas with downtown feel but a neighborhood vibe and this has it.I think this place is a little overrated. As a whole, the menu was not very appealing and was a weird, hodgepodge mix of various cuisines. Tried a few different things and nothing really stood out - there was a bit of quality and inspiration lacking. The halloumi salad was very underwhelming, and the salmon BLT was not well put together. Highlight was the calamari and wings. Decent selection of cocktails. I suggest they maybe refine and focus their menu before I'm ready to dub this place the best food on Main Street.SOMO was a nice find outside of center city Philly. 
My group of 3 came here for brunch on a Saturday, and it was weirdly empty. The restaurants surrounding us were completely packed, so we were a little put off at first.
However, the food was excellent. We started with their homemade English muffins and they were the best we've ever had. I highly recommend ordering a few of these as a starter. We also got wings as an app which were average, but definitely good quality. I'm not sure how I felt about the sauce. 
For entrees, we all got the burger and it was excellent. The fries were crispy and well portioned. Definitely recommend this dish.
I definitely would be interested in coming back here for dinner to try a few other things on the menu!One of the more upscale, "special event" or date night type restaurants on Manayunk's Main Street. Always bustling on Saturday's, so we made a reservation for a Father's Day dinner. 
Pros: mixed drinks were beautiful and very tasty, food quality/presentation was high
Cons: I got the short ribs, which in themselves were melt in your mouth great, but they had a gallop of tacky gravy sauce on them, that I've only ever tasted before on top microwave mashed potatoes. The flavors did not mesh well at all, so I'd recommend adjusting the recipe, or sticking to a more standard BBQ sauce/spice rub. Also, the included sides of broccoli/potato WERE tasted, but the portion sizes were meager, with just two broccolis and three mini potatoes.Delicious brunch (with good priced bottomless mimosas)! Very friendly staff. They were accommodating to our walk-in table of 4 and we saw several large parties as well. Great spot in a convenient location!Food was great service was not . When we first got there,we spent about 10 minutes standing at the entrance while all the employees just walked past us. No one greeted us at all . Our waiter was less than friendly and like I said the best part about my experience was the food .I came here for dinner on the second weekend of their (soft?) opening. The atmosphere is amazing. I love the lounge vibe that it gives off. Very clean, too! 
I had the Ginger Rodgers cocktail and the crab salad. Both were great. The cocktail was $10 and a little small compared to other drinks that they had. I think they should either make the drink a little bigger, or charge maybe $8 for it. The crab salad tasted extremely fresh and included salmon, almonds, and some greens. It was a small plate as well, but worth the money. 
Our waiter (who was also the bar manager), Max, was so nice! Very accommodating and friendly. I would definitely go back here again! It would be nicer if they had a larger lounge area for relaxing with drinks than just table tops. Hopefully sometime soon they'll expand!First time here. Food was great. Recommend reservations because we had to sit at the bar. Overall lively atmosphere. Wine was a little pricier but excellent. Definitely recommend the crab cake Benedict.Delicious Brunch and Bloody Mary perfection! Our table had the pulled pork Benedict (yum) and the fried chicken French toast (yum) and a side of perfectly crispy bacon. My only complaint is the the French toast must have been soaked a little too long cuz it was seriously soggy. However, flavors were on point! Definitely an above average brunch in the Yunk.The food was delicious, but the service was very poor. We ordered bottomless mimosas but spent half of the meal with empty glasses, and had to ask for the two refills we received. Our final refill was with 20 minutes left and the waitress informed us it would be our last. I would have rather not spent the money if the mimosas weren't really bottomless. The waitress did not tell us gratuity was included and we made the mistake of not looking closely, so we tipped an additional full tip. I called the next day and they told me to call back during the week. I called back during the week and she told me she would call me back and never did so I guess I won't be getting that money back.noah was the best server i've ever experienced. he was so professional and friendly and one of the nicest people i've ever met in a restaurant setting. he is absolutely the reason i will be returning, and i will be asking for him every time i come back here! he deserves a raise!!The fried chicken sandwich now uses vastly different, lower quality ingredients. The coleslaw looks like it's purchased at a super market and not freshly made like it used to be.
The hot sauce is now franks, or similar low quality. It used to be a unique, tasty hot sauce.
Theyve never really given a large piece of chicken on their sandwiches but the rest of the flavors used to compensate. Now it's glaringly low quality especially given the price.
They also never honor requests in any of the apps instructions. Very disappointed as I used to be a reliable customer.
There's no way you will be getting a sandwich like the photos used to be.
Just go to wendy's for a similar sandwichWent for brunch... the food was good, the ambiance was nice, but I've never had a worse cup of coffee in my life. I could only down about 2 sips. Initially I thought they accidentally served me tea but it was in fact their coffee. PLEASE invest in a new coffee machine, even a keurig or pour over will do. If you go for brunch BYOC.I would not feel right if I didn't appropriately update this most recent review, as just last night I received the $150 gift card from Somo as promised. Since they did deliver on their promise after all, I will be going back in a few weeks to give it another try. Will repost with any updates after this next visit. Thank you for the efforts, Somo.So I ordered takeout from SOMO tonight, this was my first time trying this cute restaurant in Manyunk. We ordered the Lobster Mac & cheese, which my sister enjoyed, 2 orders of the Shrimp Scampi and Calamari. Now usually I order out from Parc in downtown philly and use that as a benchmark to other places I'm trying out. The quality of the food at SOMO was maybe 4/10 and the quantity given was a 1/10. For 22$ for an entree, I think it's fair to have certain expectations regarding quality and quantity. First and foremost, the shrimp came out undercooked and there were only 4 of them. The box they gave me, was about 1/3 filled. Furthermore, the calamari they gave me was so meager and dreadful, I felt bad they even bothered to box it individually. Why not just take my money and run. Bottomline, If you're looking for a restaurant in Manyunk, just avoid SOMO. Parc in the city has shockingly better food in terms of quality, quantity and ambiance for practically the same prices.Worst service I have ever had anywhere. Entire staff was doing shots behind the bar. Had to ask for menus twice. Bartender would take our drink order and then never make the drinks. He would come back and say he forgot and make them 15 minutes later. After ordering our food we waited over an hour and we asked the server to check on the status and he said it's coming soon. He continued to joke around with coworkers for another 10 minutes before actually checking on our order. He then let us know they kitchen forgot our slip and would be starting our food now. We cancelled the order and left. Would not recommend this place to anyone looking for a decent experience. Also the bartender kept telling guests that the "boss" was calling on the phone but he didn't have time for that! Owner should fire the entire staff if they hope to have any returning customers in the future.Cocktails were not terrible however still slightly overpriced for the quality. Food - more dismal experience. Price compared to quality and presentation was significantly mismatched. Service was great and friendly, however the air conditioning was broken in the entire restaurant on a 95 degree night. It was clear that management did nothing to react to this to attempt to satisfy the customers or staff working hard. 
Burrata was bland and watery and served with a questionable, bitter side of guacamole.The first time i went it was awesome! I went again 10 days later and the service was meh and my food was cold.Recently spent an evening here with our family. The atmosphere was great  the menu options were amazing  the drinks were strong  food was great 
We had the SoMo Disco Fries  Lobster Ravioli  Braised Short Ribs 
The services and food temperature were the main issue. Our food was served at room temperature and our waitress disappeared after a condiment request. 
We understand that every where, especially food service establishments, are going through a severe staffing drought, so we did not make a big fuss. However, it was not the experience we had hoped forThis was my 2nd visit to SOMO and my 1st time here for dinner. Everything was delicious! My friend and I had a taste for multiple things so we split the SOMO Burger, garlic parmesan wings and calamari. Regarding the drinks, we both ordered drinks not on the menu, but the bartender made them perfectly. My friend got a strawberry margarita, while I ordered a sidecar. Nothing disappointed us. Also our waitress, Erica, was great! Will definitely be coming back.Mediocre brunch. Thought I ordered a safe choice by having the seasonal omelette. It came cold and lacked seasoning and flavor. Had black tea and all I got was lipton. I didn't see how much I was charged for the tea but I hope it wasn't more than $1. These stars are only for them trying to keep us warm.Pass. 
The reason why I won't ever give this place a dime is because I was told to "suck a dick" by James, the "owner" of the establishment. To provide some context, my partner and I are new to Philly and were trying to find some other bars or lounges in the area to visit after hitting Somo. James attempted to chat my partner up by first making connections to DC (where my partner is from and where I used to live). I thought he was just tipsy because his speech slurred but he was still holding a conversation, so I didn't think much of it. James dropped the names of a few bars and insisted that we weren't going to the aforementioned spots without him. I continued inquiring about other spots with him, as he held himself out to know everywhere to party in Philly. I asked about other places, and that's when he appeared defensive about offering up other spots and said 'I'm not telling you about any other places, you can suck a dick". Whether he was tipsy or drunk doesn't even begin to excuse his pretentious disposition and disrespectful remarks. James was inappropriate and disrespectful on so many levels, so to prevent my going off in front of other patrons, we downed our drinks and left just as quickly as we came. Save your $$$.Ate here 2x. First time was good. Second time the fried chicken and waffles came completely raw. We were with friends, who had also seen the dish. SOMO staff didn't really do much to compensate the plate of raw chicken, besides knocking off a few bucks. Unfortunately we haven't been back since.We found there are molded raspberries inside the two fruit plates we ordered, and we only had consumed a little. We pointed it out to the server, however the server just said "ok" and took away the plates with no apologies at all. We thought they were going to exchange the fruit plate for us, but it never came. When we asked, the server simply mentioned she took those items off the check. We were not happy because the server made the decision for us without even telling us and there was no apology. 
Then on the bill the restaurant charged us an automatic gratuity fee for 20%. We refused to pay that amount but the server says she's unable to change this amount and we just have to pay.
We came here for brunch during a tour, but this was an unpleasant experience.I'm so glad I picked this spot for my friends birthday dinner! Our waitresss was so sweet and everyone was nice: there was so many things I wanted to try but ended up with the shrimp scampi and it was amazing !!!!Somo has been the best restaurant in the area with maintaining dining in while keeping the environment covid safe. They put a lot of thought (and money) into building green houses and little tents. Good for them! We come here once in a while because it's a cute little place for low key dinner. Food is alright, i hate to say it but it's really really not special at all for the prices we pay. Portions are small and for what you get as far as flavor it's not really worth it. Same with drinks. Again, we'll still come here once in a while because we want to support small business in manayunk and because this place is cute, but I wish their dinner menu was better.Everything was amazing! Coranne was
Incredible. All the drinks from the bartender were amazing and Noah cleared all of plates in a timely manner. All of our food was incredible. 10/10 would recommendThis was the best dinner I've had in probably a year. 10/10. Go. The mussels came in the best sauce I've ever had. Our waitress was amazing. We got beignets for desert and they were so good. The wings were some of the best I've had in a long time. Loved everything.This was my first time coming to this place since they first opening after hearing they do bottomless mimosas for brunch so I decided to check it out for a little Sunday fun day. Their bottomless are $26 that doesn't include a meal which isn't bad at all. They were a little slow on making sure your glass is always empty but it could of been the fact that they were pretty busy with u definitely needing a reservation. I lucked out with sticking around waiting for a cancel. To eat I got fried chicken French toast which was basically like chicken and waffles but with French toast instead and it did include a egg on top. The chicken was more of chicken tenders and not a breast but still was pretty good. I recommend the place if you are a brunch person. The atmosphere was a good timeHands down my fav place for a cocktail in the city! My friends and I have been going there weekly all summer and we cant get enough! The staff is very friendly and the service is always top tier. Olou the bartender makes the best cocktails served up with a great conversation. Highly recommended spot!Food is high quality but can use some citrus or heat. My medium rare burger was cooked to perfection. Service was 5/5.The food was amazing, well seasoned. I wish I would've gotten an indoor sitting but other than that the waitress was good and I had a good experienceBrunch was delicious and Greyson was a great server! Best brunch experience we've had in a long time. Definitely going back!