Always wanted to try this place, so I went for lunch today.  Good sandwich.  Too bad the size of the steak was very, very, very small.  I felt like I was eating a mini cheesesteak.  Now I am still hungry and have to go find something else to eat.  Not worth $9.  Not even close.  You might be able to  get away with charging tourists that, but not me.  NEVER AGAIN.  Rip-off.BEWARE of the young tall skinny Hispanic girl with glasses and a bun that works there. Went on a Saturday evening and she tried to sabotage my order to no avail while I had my 1 year old in tow.
As my husband was on line waiting to order I asked her if there was a changing station. She told me no and was not nice about it so I walked off seemingly annoyed. Guess she didn't like the attitude back. 
As we were on line she was playing some staring contest with me from afar and when it came time for us to order, she coincidentally jumps back on the register. She was speaking Spanish to her colleagues and made very obvious eye contact to them referring to us with a smirk on her face. She definitely wanted me to know she was up to something. Very angry individual. Pathetic I might add. 
After we order and wait for our food, she specifically asks me which order number I had. No one else. Just mine. She was definitely out to get me. Get our food and realize it's not what we ordered. We ordered a regular cheesesteak and she gave us chicken and paid for the chicken one. Sorry but the joke's on you. You just wasted one of your sandwiches and we ended up paying less for a Philly cheesesteak. Thank you for that. 
In reading other reviews like mine, this may be the same person that other Yelpers were referring to. Someone like this is bad for business (and Philly) and I can't be a patron at a place that I can't trust to not tamper with my food depending on your mood or attitude and therefore will not be returning. 
What a shame because with all the competition out there, you'd think you want customers back but it's not worth the trip back due to your unprofessional, immature workers that have a lot of growing up to do.Did not disappoint! Got the "classic" with cheese wiz and grilled onions. Awesome!  Highly recommended.Spend a pretty fair amount of time in Philly so never miss a chance to grab a cheesesteak when I am visiting.  This is a small place with a counter and a handful of tables. Orders go really quickly so even with the line I had my sandwich in 5 minutes. I got the standard steak with wiz and onions. It was good but not the best I have had in philly. Serviceable place but I am going to try some of the others in the area. Another reviewer mentioned getting hassled for money inside the store; there is a pretty big homeless problem in philly and i hate to see people in need but when I went there was a guy holding the door and you had to tell him no before you could get in. My guess is there are people who don't want to deal with that.After a night of partying in Old City, there's no better place to go for some 2AM bites than Sonny's. They use the classic Amoroso rolls for their cheesesteaks, so you always get a good sandwich. The bacon cheese fries are another great late-night staple. They definitely don't skimp on the whiz. Seating is ample, too, so it's great if you have a big group of friends.Didn't fill my expectations, I like to try local food everywhere I go, but this time I regretted. The taste is flat and overprice. I will never try it againBest cheesesteaks in the area!  Wiz Wit!This gets five stars for its food but that cashier girl was an absolute wreck she was Rooter as in the rudest thing in the dictionary when you see rude in the Encyclopedia her face shows up I took some pictures place is bomb go there for food but when Miss rude had pink hair talks to you she will be rude so pay her no respectWhen in Philly a steak is required. Got the cheese steak with provolone cheese and no onions. I probably should have gotten it with onions through. It was slightly dry, but overall pretty good!Disgusting. I ordered a chicken cheese steak and it was roasted chicken with wiz and onion? Huh?Excellent cheesesteaks and service. My mother-in-law is allergic to pepper, and they cleaned their grill to accommodate us.Quiet lil cheese steak joint nestled under the  fluffy comforter of old city. Best cheese steak in philly hands down. "You can't beat our meat"The wait was a tad long but certainly well worth it. The cheesesteak we got was beyond any of my expectations.  Literally,  since I had never had one before.  The meat seemed to be very lean and the cheese wasnt disgustingly oily as I expected. Everything was just right and melted in your mouth. The bread was soft and the combination of flavors hit every note. I did think the fries were a bit dry but certainly not the reason I came there so I'm not too upset.
The service was top notch too at the register. It takes a while to get there but the woman at the register was super friendly, joking around and helping those who might be having a hard time making a decision. One of the cooks made me some extra onion when I brouggt it to their attention that the onion was missing from my order.
Considering the tight quarters the place seemed very clean although I did not visit the bathroom so can't say anything about that.
Overall, I enjoyed mu visit,  thank you Sonny!Sooooo good!! Definitely exceeded my " original Philly cheesesteak" expectations! Great size, great price. Line wasn't long and the food came out quick!Regretted it later but at the time it was a great philly cheese steak. Go all out with the cheez whizReally good cheese steaks. unfortunately, you pay for anything "extra" like sauce, ranch dressing, etc. They have them with pepperoni which I've never seen before and my kids love them with bacon. I tried mine with bacon, which was undercooked. surprising because the bacon cheese fries were superb and had crunchy bacon!I'm only giving 3 BC my cheese steak was a tad dry. I got it w provolone and grilled onions, the meat tasted great and bread was really good. But not enough cheese or grilled onions. I would go back and get extra cheese as well as onions.Also on Alan Richman's list of 10 Best Cheesesteaks in Philadelphia, I stopped into Sonny's toward the end of my trip. Ironically, it's a few doors down from Campo's (which I didn't actually get to try). Very soft rolls, big savory coarsely chopped juicy (not oily) beef, Whiz with. Great balance of cheese/meat/onion/roll. Didn't have a chance to return, but it was quite a satisfying meal.I can't actually rate the food, because I walked out without ordering because the employees (one woman in particular) were unbelievably rude. I would rather eat an average sandwich and support nice people.I have literally just finished eating at Sonny's and me and my friend CANNOT stop raving about this food. I ordered the bacon cheesesteak sandwich and I am blown away. This place is not only clean, but the personnel are kind and sweet. I will always come here and enjoy its signature food.Decent, nice staff but no free drink refills. Loosen up already.Great steaks,  and authentic Philly vibe.  Get it classic (cheese whiz),  or with provolone,  but don't forget the grilled onions!Pretty good cheesesteak, and it was cool to see them slicing the meat right at the counter before cooking on the grill.  I did not find there to be a very long wait when  I was there...service moved quickly and efficiently through the line.  Not a lot of places to sit, as it was crowded, but by the time I was one ordering a place opened up at one of the single seats.  Beef was flavorful, and good amount of onions on as well.  Sonny's is located in a pretty touristy area so I am sure it can get crowded at times.  I didn't try any of the sides, but I would definitely go back!Ordered a steak with provolone and bacon and it was good
Once again the meat is not my favorite
They were nice and fast in here
Liked the big cherry peppers in a jar you could take
We toured Betsy Ross house then came here 
We took Amtrak from nyc this morning then saw the Liberty BellWe had our first cheesesteak ever at Sonny's and it was wonderful. We opted for the classic with the cheese whiz, onions, meat and bun. It was wonderful! 
Their fries are great as well - perfect in size and frying.
The best thing about our visit was the young lady at the cash register. She had a smile for every customer she helped and it truly looked like she was enjoying her job. With some of the counter people who you encounter today in fast food restaurants, most of which can't even get a complete sentence out with out using "like" or "you know what I mean" it was a wonderful experience to have this young lady help us! She is a great asset to Sonny's
If you're looking for a quiet place for lunch this isn't it. If you are looking for a great sandwich with great and fast service take your place in line and wait to be amazed!This place was GRRRRRREAT!!! East coast vibe without the sh%tty attitude. Friendly, busy yet still inviting.
The food is AWESOME!! You can see they are using REAL rib-eye steak while you wait to order.
The price was great, the food exceptional.....unlike the last place I reviewed, thankfully. I don't like giving bad reviews, but they clearly deserved it. And Sonny's clearly deserves the rave!!Scene: With 5% charge left on my phone, I'm at the Philly airport for a connection flight and I think, "I want a cheesesteak!". I do a quick search on Yelp and discover Sonny's. 
So, I order an Uber and head to Sonny's with my carryon luggage in tow. I arrive and immediately order a cheesesteak with Provolone, of course. It was AMAZING! You'll have to try it. I would have ordered more for the journey but my phone died and getting back to the airport for my flight back home was the topic of issue. 
I may be wrong but I'm pretty sure Ben Franklin stopped by Sonny's before signing the Declaration of Independence. The cheesesteak even influenced the "...pursuit of happiness..." verbiage. It's not true, but I really hope it is. 
Things to consider: charge your phone!A must if you're visiting independence hall or just in the area.  Friendly/quick service and the classic cheese wit is da bomb!  I'd eat 3 of these if my stomach wouldn't explode!!!This was my first "real" Philly cheesesteak from Philadelphia and it was delicious!!!  I had the Whiz with onions. I also like that i was able to see them slice and cook the steaks. Real Meat!!!
  I went on a Sunday and the line wasn't too long. It was only held up by tourists who got to the front of the line and still didn't know what they wanted, or had unnecessary questions. I could see the cashier's frustration every time they encountered 1 of these people LOL but they still provided good customer service! Luckily I was with a native Philadelphian who taught me how to properly order like I was from Philly!!!
  It was gone so quick that I wish I had ordered a 2nd one!!!  Or maybe that's just me being greedy!!The lady behind the counter is a doll.  The food is fresh and the soda is bubbly.  I recommend Sonnys to anyone in the historic district.Had a layover. Came here for cheesesteak. It was okay. Had better but this served the purpose.  If I had to I would return.Worth the wait. We had two types in our group. The classic with onions and Whiz and the other with onions and provolone. The whiz won in our group.Spot on cheese steak. Wasn't greasy at all, good amount of meat for the money. The bread is from Amorosos which has a great flavor and nice texture, perfect for a good Philly steak sandwich. We each split a wiz wit and a provolone wit. Onions were perfectly cooked with the right amount of crunch. The cheese integrated with meat as it should be.  They were both great, solid cheese steaks.  The staff is super friendly and provided great fast service.  These guys are giving Pat's and Geno's  a run for their money!A pretty solid cheesesteak spot in old city and pretty much the only one that is open late (campo's closes around dinner time). The steaks are pretty solid, they aren't always the fastest when its busy and they also offer chicken cheesesteaks.
Definitely a good option if you are out late (or for lunch) in old city.My first experience with a real Philly cheesesteak...and it was a success! I would have given them 5 stars, however, I asked for hot peppers on my sandwich but didn't receive them. I did like that they had hot sauce and spicy mustard available, I added hot sauce to my steak + provolone. The cheese was perfectly melted, the bread was very tasty too...sturdy but not hard. All together, I would recommend Sonny's! 
They do have burgers and some other sandwich variations for those who aren't into cheesesteaks. Or you can go next door and get pizza, or the other side was a cute fro-yo/bakery type place.Great Philly Cheesesteak, though coming from California my knowledge of what constitutes an excellent PC is limited!  Great fries too.So why has it taken me so long to learn about Sonny's? This is a great cheesesteak. Not greasy, fresh bread. Forget all the other cheesesteak places. It's clean, there's seating, and they employees are kind and patient. My mouth is watering as I'm writing this because I remember how good it was. This is my new recommendation for anyone visiting from out of town. Easily accessible via bus, subway, or foot.Being from VEGAS to actually get the experience of a REAL philly cheese AMAZINGGGGG the bread::::.the cheeese::::... everything perfectMe and my wife stopped here after seeing the liberty bell both of us ordered cheese steak wiz with both were a little dry and tough will try another place on my next trip  to PhillyThe food wasn't what I expected. I had higher hopes than what I received. When I think of a cheesesteak, there's fresh ingredients not just canned items.Steaks are pretty good my biggest complaint would be that they don't Carmelize their onions long enough! No one wants big under cooked onion chunks on their cheesesteak! Especially when that's what the place is supposed to be known for! 
Their wiz is also on the salty side for whatever reason and I've had their food on several occasions and had that same opinion. their service is fast and you get your food very quickly, the cooks are definatly on point and hardworkers always on the ball! 
Place needs a few adjustments and they could be a lot better.I was not disappointed , they did amazing on everything . The customer service was great !! They even called before when the driver arrived  everything tasted amazing an everything was huge enough to share lolClean and friendly staff; cheese steak was good. Honestly nothing to brag about. Conclusion: I guess I haven't found  the perfect cheese steak yet.  Three stars because it was edible, not greasy 
 and well priced.The line was nearly out the door for this place when I went, but the line went fast and my order was out quick. The steak was perfect and the bread was great. The prices are reasonable, too. This place had my fave cheesesteak of the week I was in Phili.Thoughts:
-They make your order quick
-Don't forget to pick up some pickled peppers at the condiment area. 
-Napkins on-demand near the soda machine (no need to ask for more at the cashier)
-The sandwich itself was tasty. Got the Classic. Beef and onions. Plus self-added peppersI was a tourist visiting to taste a philly cheese steak. It was fantastic. If you are in the same boat - a tourist looking for something unique to the city, you can't go wrong. It's delicious.I ordered the cheese steak with provolone cheese and grilled onions on the side, and it was pretty good but definitely overpriced ($9.00 including taxes) - minus one star for being overpriced.  You can order it with our without cheese and with or without onions, and the choices for the cheese include Cheese Whiz (classic), American, provolone, bleu, or mozzarella.  You can add a soda with free refills for $2.00 and fries for another $2.00 (both include taxes).  The dining room is kind of small.  The lady taking the orders seemed a little rough around the edges, but I think she had an edge on purpose since the customers expect it.  I probably would not come back since it is overpriced and the food was good but not overwhelming.I can't say enough great things about this place. You can watch them slice the meat while waiting in line and you can see everything the cooks are doing. The food is amazing! Definitely try the Bacon Cheesesteak. Make sure you know exactly what you want when it's your turn to order. This place is so busy they don't have time to wait once you reach the counter.I drive to Philly every few months for a cheese steak run from NYC. This time, it was a group of 10 with me wanting to try the experience.
I decided to stay clear from the usual Pat's and Gino's, to give us all a new place to review.
Line was short, which is good. Place was clean, staff was friendly and the menu is alot more robust than other places.
I ordered a whiz without and I was very pleased. The bread was soft, and the meat was very flavorful and moist. It sandwich didn't have tons of whiz, but it didn't need it. 
I loved the shoe string cheese fries as well.
Only thing I wish they had was alfresco seating. It was such a beautiful day out. 
Will be coming againFirst time in Philly so of course we needed to have a cheesesteak. Thanks to tips on yelp we were able to avoid long lines at tourist stops. I don't eat steak so was thrilled with a chicken option topped with blue cheese.  Great mealMy first Philly cheese steak with a date was here. Wow it was delicious. The meat is not too dry and not too moist.
I have yet to try other places aka the pat vs genos argument. I'll settle for now - because of Franklin fountain and proximity to bars of courseA cheesesteak is a cheesesteak. It's good but nothing out of this world. Great for drunchies though!!Spot on cheese steak. Wasn't greasy at all, good amount of meat for the money. The bread is from Amorosos which has a great flavor and nice texture, perfect for a good Philly steak sandwich. We each split a wiz wit and a provolone wit. Onions were perfectly cooked with the right amount of crunch. The cheese integrated with meat as it should be.  They were both great, solid cheese steaks.  The staff is super friendly and provided great fast service.  These guys are giving Pat's and Geno's  a run for their money!Great cheesesteaks......try the bacon cheesesteak it will change your life .....excellent cheese fries as well 
I go here every time I come back to phillyLove love loved our visit to Sonny's. Definitely worth the time it took to find a parking spot. The service was fast and the food just melts in your mouth. Can't wait to come again someday!Basic cheesesteak with a bad roll geared toward tourist. Cheese fries were very good and crispAmazing cheese steaks! Were filled to the brim with meat, lots of toppings to choose from. Not greasy. Quick service, great location!The bread is what makes the sandwich here.  Not too soft ... not too hard ... just right.  The rest of the "classic with".  It's a good sandwich. It's not the best ever, but it's very enjoyable.  The fries are meh, but the sandwich fills you up plenty.
Great location - easy walk to Independence Hall and the surrounding neighborhood is fun to walk around.Onolicious!  We ate the pizza steak, bacon cheese steak, and cheese steak. All were devoured.I love myself a Philly Cheesesteak. In my life time I've had well into the hundreds of them. Every time I go into Philly (which isn't enough unfortunately) I make sure to eat one and take some for the road.
I made my first ever trip to Sonny's this past January and Sonny's ranks in the top for me. I can't decide if personally it's #1 or #2 (the other being the cheesesteaks from Gaetano's Steaks and Subs on the Jersey side of the Philly/Jersey border.) but it is absolutely phenomenal.
For full disclosure I got the cheese wiz cheesesteak with everything. Cheese literally dripping off with every bite. Everything was flavorful and delicious. Not too long of a wait either, and the cashier was very friendly. If I'm in Philly this is my go-to (my previous one was Jim's on South Street for authentic Philly Cheesesteaks).As a Cheesesteak enthusiast, Sonny's is my second best Cheesesteak.  I have had a total of ten types of cheesesteaks and Sonny's was one of the best. Basically had to try this one because my idol, Adam Richman, ranked this one as his number one place. I would say this one is REALLY close to my no.1 place to have a cheesesteak. I chose Steve's as my no.1 but seriously you CANNOT go wrong with this place. 
   I took a bunch of my teacher friends to try this famous place. Luckily it was right next to the Irish Pub row so those who didn't want a cheesesteak could have a beer and pub food while we went to Sonnys. Line was not crazy but a little long with tourist standing in the front not knowing what the heck they wanted. So irritating but I have to give it to the workers, they were VERY friendly and helpful despite having to listen to, "OMG, should I get it will provalone or Mushrooms...maybe bell pepper?.." arrggh! With a smile the staff helped each cosumer calmly and courteously. Amazing! 
   I'm a stickler for the classic, "whiz wit" or as they call it, the Sonny Classic. The sandwich here is perfect. The Bread was just right, not to airy or chewy. Just the right amount of density. The cheese whiz and onion ratio was perfect. They pile it on and balance it well with the steak. The steak was a better, juicer quality than most of the places I went to. It was sliced thin like good shabu shabu meat in Hawaii. Cooked perfectly and not dry. I loved it. I guess for those in Hawaii that like Yakiniku and shabu shabu, Sonnys is like shabu meat and Steves is more like Yakiniku meat. Both great but in the end I think it would come down to your preference. 
   I love this place, not just for the food but the service was great and quick and I wasn't treated like a no name tourist. Highly recommended.Drive by style Philly visit. What other than cheese steaks?Ordered three sub onion ring and cheese bacon fries. The bacon cheese is a little bit on the salty side but overall very satisfying.Long wait but soooo worth it. Cheesesteak and adding bacon?! Awesome! A great gem near the Liberty bell. Have cash ready and some patience!This past weekend I was at Philadelphia for my first ever marathon. And with my short visit to this lovely historic city of brotherly love, rewarding myself with the infamous Philly Cheesesteak after the race was essential! Ultimately I chose Sonny for its top 10 best Cheesesteak ranking by Visit Philly and #1 by GQ magazine and its convenient location near my hotel Wyndham Historic District. A fine choice indeed!
Three of us each ordered the Cheesesteak Hoagie with LTO & cheez whiz, with an order of cheez whiz fries. Each cheesesteak loaded with juicy steak topped with their cheez whiz and served on warm ~footlong locally baked hoagie cost $9. The cheez whiz is legitimate melted liquid cheese and no fake nacho cheese.  Ample seating and lighting in this restaurant, only concern may be parking nearby (we parked in Wyndham hotel as guests and walked over). Love their classic simple menu, serving only cheesteaks, burgers, fries, drinks. 
For your visit to the historic district or big next race, be sure to include Sonny's in your itinerary!I actually prefer a Sonny's cheesesteak to either Pat's or Geno's. Not too greasy, very generous with the cheese and sweet peppers, and no extra breading on the fries. But the restaurant is small and hot and not especially clean. Get it to go.It's really not all that. Especially for what they are charging for the quality and for the PORTIONS! I can get just as good of a cheesesteak at Subway for half the price and a larger sandwich at that. I could tell my fries were cooked hours ago and reheated back in the deep fryer. $10.85 for a regular old cheeseteak and a small cup of reheated fries was a complete waste of $ and I will not be back.Loved this place. Great Philly, walking distance to Liberty bell and museums. As a tourist I had to try a Philly cheesesteak. It taste even better with the cheez whiz. We had a little wait but they move pretty fast.When in Philly, you make sure your first meal in town is a Cheesesteak. And boy was it amazeballs in every way!
It was my first time in the city of brotherly love, and i had a few cheesesteak joints on my list to try. Sonny's happened to be open later than the others and not too far from the hotel. 
I got to go: The cheese fries (salty, cheesey, "junk food" done so right) and the Classic Cheese Steak - some freaky melty goodness that is the cheese, the generous filling of meat, sauteed onions, and buns that are soft but not soggy, it stood up to the meaty cheesy filling so wonderfully. Nothing in this sandwich is an afterthought. 
I'll try a couple more places to compare, but even without doing so, this one hit the spot so right, if this was the only place to satisfy my cheesesteak cravings, I'd be happy.When you are able to finish half of a sandwich here when you had a Chipotle burrito bowl and chips and guacamole three hours ago, you know Sonny's is onto something. The real standout here is the meat - you can taste the quality right away, and there were no cartilaginous, tendony pieces - just thinly shaved slices of high quality meat ribboned with just the right amount of fat. I got my cheesesteak with whiz - of course - and I was initially concerned it was going to taste too much of cheese, but I feel like they used a very tasteful amount of cheese, such that it interspersed with the meat in a seamless way but didn't saturate the sandwich.
The one gripe my boyfriend had was that the onions weren't quite caramelized, just fried, but I didn't mind that too much since it didn't have a sharp distracting flavor anyway.Tasty sandwiches, delicious cheese fries. Quick service, easy to order, friendly staff...oh don't forget to have some whole pickled paper to go with your traditional steak sandwich!Pretty classic Philly spot.  Who needs Pat's & Gino's?  You know a good cheesesteak place when the line is long.  Place was packed on a rainy February Saturday afternoon.
Classic steak with wiz & grilled onions.  Good stuff.  One of was fancy with provolone, lettuce, tomatoes & mayo.  That's ok.  It is all good.
Great place to go when visiting Independence Hall.This place was packed - yes I know it was the 4th of July and Philly in general was packed. The line moves quickly and people are standing over others trying to snag the few empty seats. 
The sandwiches were outstanding. I had a whiz with and my son had a American. My husband ordered a burger and the woman taking orders said it'd be 20 minutes and 'he better not look at her every 2 minutes wondering where his burger was!' It was pretty amusing. It came out faster and he said it was great. Everything was piping hot because it's all made to order. The onions provided a good crunch. The fries were ok. Nothing extraordinary and I didn't want to fill up on those when I had that sandwich in front of me. 
Best cheese steak I've had.I was a tourist looking for a philly cheese steak that could show me why philly is famous for them. This place did it! It seemed a little on the pricey side but was worth every pennyVery little seating. Highly recommended by the locals. The cheesesteak with the traditional cheez whiz was delicious! The whole family liked it even though half of us had to stand.A bit of research told us that the "big two" are famous but the cheese steaks are not very good at either of them.  Bonus: Sonny's is in the neighborhood we were visiting anyway (three blocks from the Liberty Bell ... Tea Party Patriots w00t w00t!).  
They've got a big hunk of rib eye on the slicer and they're making everything fresh.  I know "cheez whiz" is the classic but we had provolone.  Really really good, I could probably eat two of them :)
Friendly service, too.Delicious. The free sandwich toppings cover all the bases and they do have a couple things aside from the standard cheesesteak, although I can't speak for those. The sandwiches come on a softer roll than a lot of other cheesesteak places and I think it's just perfect. I'm going to withhold the 5th star just because I wish the sandwiches were a little bigger.Rude rude rude staff. Tons of good steaks in the city, don't need to be insulted when you go to eat.Visiting from Las Vegas. Have been to Pat's King of Steak and only liked the bread better. The Steak, service, and price were better at Sonny's. The Onion Rings were yummy too.   and as my wife says, " a restroom to wash your hands, etc.. ".  
Sonny's also has indoor seating which made it nice to relax and visit. 
If you ride the Hop on Hop off (Big Bus) ask for the 5% off coupon.Referred here by a tour guide for the meat. The meat was def better than Steve's Prince of Cheesesteak. There was no line.   Location is close to the Ben Franklin Post Office.  I got the cheesesteak with provolone cheese and mushroom - it was okay.  I prefer a little more flavor in the meat.This place was Amazing! The best philly cheese steak I ever had in philly. The most amazing part was being able to sit down and eat.... Enjoy my philly cheese steak, cheese fries and drink and extras! Then walk down to the Franklin Fountain for Dessert.. I ordered the phillies cheese steak with applewood bacon, mozzarella cheese, mayo, sweet peppers, double mushrooms, lettuce, tomatoe, pickles and sautéed onions! Yes please go try it is a must!I visited Philadelphia for the first time this past week. Having had plenty of "versions" of the Philly Cheesesteak throughout the midwest growing up, I wanted to do a decent amount of research to decide where to experience my first actual, REAL philly cheesesteak. A number of sources online identified Sonny's as a solid local option and I have to say I felt like their cheesesteak lived up to the hype. 
I ordered the classic with whiz and onions as well as cheese fries. The cheese fries were excellent...gooey greasy goodness if you're into that sort of thing which I obviously am. The sandwich flavor was excellent. Cheese was melted perfectly and it was a good size. I left satisfied and pleased with my "actual" cheesesteak experience!
I did have to wait a few extra minutes since my sandwich got overlooked near the counter and other numbers were called after me. They apologized, made me a fresh sandwich, and also gave me a discount card for a free sandwich after several visits. I don't have plans to get back to Philly very soon but when and if I do, I'd definitely check out Sonny's again. Recommended.I had a couple hours of free time to see some Philly sights and grab lunch. Sonny's was a short walk from the Liberty Bell, so I gave it a shot--cheesesteak, fries and a coke. I was not disappointed.  Everything was excellent, including the service.  The restaurant was also clean, including the men's room (which I would typically avoid).  I would absolutely go back for another taste of Philly!Horrible service. Wont listen to a simple order. Doesnt care when they make a mistake.Philly Cheese steaks were pretty good. The steak is incredibly tender, and mixed with the cheese is enough to satisfy any appetite.Ok... Everyone has heard of the other cheesesteak places here in Philly but the best one is here at Sonny's Famous Cheesesteaks and Burgers. More choices and better tastes!I go John's for American, but here for the Whiz (which I prefer).
Great meat, tons of cheese and good sides too.
Perfect meat to cheese ration.
Owned by a great brother and sister team, very cool people.
The chicken cheesesteak, while not as good as the original (Beef), is pretty damn good! Really good seasoning on the chicken!
Also, they will put all the meat on one half the amount of bread, for a lower carb option. Messier this way, but whatever.The food was ok until I watched the lady that was working behind the counter that was eating while she was working dip her finger into her plate with cheese on it and procedure to put her entire finger in her mouth licking it. Then did the same thing with the other finger on her other hand. Without washing her hands she proceeded to help customers. Not very clean! Skip this place and try something else in the area. Would never go here again!Based on the Yelp reviews we stopped by for lunch after touring some of the local sites.  The line was long but moved quickly.  There is outside seating and inside seating.  The staff was very nice.  This was our first Philly Cheesesteak experience and we thought the sandwich was good - steak with cheese whiz.  We also had an order of onion rings.  Again, the food was good but I think we need to try a few more places to know if we like this type of cheesesteak more than the others.  There are so many cheesesteak options.  Our Lyft driver suggested Max's and Steve's.....we'll see!So delicious. When there's a line out of the door that's typically a good sign. The line was long but moved fairly fast. My cheesesteak was not greasy at all and the fries were yummy and crispy! The staff aren't the most pleasant people but when you have a long line...you've got to get people in and out fast!  I get it. If you're looking for a great cheesesteak with no frills...give this place a try over anywhere on South St.Pretty good food but seating is limited. Not too many options if you do not like the cheesesteaks but they are good.In the quest for the best Philly cheesesteak in town I've tried a bunch of spots. The last time I went to Jim's and could not have been more disappointed. Sonny's is hands-down the best Philly cheesesteak I've found in town so far. The quality of the meet and the service or second to none.Great spot very busy... the only down was one in our party wanted a burger but they were out... luckily cheesesteaks were on point!!This place is good enough to get the Fresh Prince to travel from West Philly for a bite of one of these cheesesteaks. Sonny's is located down the street from one of its rivals, but I think it's safe to say that Sonny's is the unspoken champion. The steak was juicy and well seasoned. It's paired with yummy cheese-wiz and onions sandwiched in a soft spongy sub roll that soaks up those juicy so you get every savory bite. I would go so far to claim that this is THE official Philly Cheesesteak place. They also offer hamburgers too, but how does one pass up on a cheesesteak? The staff was awesome and I'll definitely be back.I grew up on cheese steaks. I love Pats, I love delassandros, but Sonny's takes the cake for me. I live outside of Pennsylvania now but when I come home... I'm going to Sonny's. Great steak, great whiz. When I talk to people about cheesesteaks in Philly I tell them, "Go. To. Sonny's." Love these steaks.3.5 stars
Walked into Sonny's around 5:30pm on a Monday evening. No line and hardly any customers inside. The cashier on shift was friendly and helpful! There are a few small tables along the wall and three picnic style tables towards the back. Condiment station and fountain drinks also located to the right of the cashier. 
Cheesesteak with choice of cheese ($9): Five different types of cheese for your delicious stacked steak! I was recommended the cheez whiz to try my first time in Philly. The cheez whiz is similar to a nacho cheese. Additional toppings range from free to $2. 
Bacon Cheese Fries ($6): Thin cut fries with cheez whiz and bacon bits. Very simple - comes in a small container. Definitely not worth the price.
Street parking only. Short walk from the Liberty Bell.This place does what is meant to do. It serves good food at good price at good speed. I would recommend anyone visiting Philly to go here. But the service was abrasive.Was a disappointment. Very crowded and very slow. Had the cheesesteak with whiz and onions but it was not very flavorful. Maybe I was expecting too much but was not sure why it was a top rated place to get Philly cheesesteaks.Best cheesesteak I have had in philly. I would suggest getting whiz and provolone on your cheesesteak! The meat was plentiful and juicy. And the employees were very friendly and welcoming. Only a couple blocks from the Liberty Bell.As much as I had convinced myself I'd never choose to have Cheez Whiz on anything, and especially after growing up Filipino and I have had more than enough Whiz in my childhood than anyone should have in their lifetime...I did it. I got the classic: beef steak, onions and the artificial cheese product Cheez Whiz. Because I just needed to know why.
I know why.
This is where you find redemption for all the crappy Philly cheesesteaks you've had before. Get the classic, get the crazy fries, and get schooled on what a Philly cheesesteak is supposed to be like.Last year they were my favorite steak in town. I don't know what has happened. The cut of the meat is definitely different now (thicker cut, more obvious fat). My sandwich the last two times hasn't even  been warm. Between that and the quality of the meat changing I will not be returning to this shop.Small location and old school feel. We waited in line to put in our order for about 35 minutes. This place is small and Crowded especially if you are seated by the entrance. There is also limited out door seating available.  This place is also extremely loud.  We ordered one Philly cheese steak with the works and one with cheese whiz fried onion and peppers.  Both were delicious.  Steak was soft and well seasoned. Good quality meat.  We also ordered onion ring and they were good.  One of the best Philly steak sandwiches in PA.  Worth the wait and noise.As a native Philadelphian, I don't know why it took me so long to discover this place.  The meat was tender, the cheese gooey and no grease.  I'll definitely be sharing my new spot with my family and friends.  One of the best spots in the city!came here with my sisters who were visiting from out of town after souvenir shopping in old city. there was a long line even at 3PM (almost out the door, ~5 parties, took ~15 min), and we waited around 10 min after ordering before getting our food, but the food itself was amazing. the bacon on the bacon cheese fries was generous, and the whiz, onions, and meat on the cheesesteak was well proportioned. only complaint is that the bread was a little thick for the amount of filling that was given.
perfect place for a meal after a day of touristing!Meh!  My family and I were looking for the best place in Philly to get a Philly cheese steak.  If you Google it- Sonny's is what comes up.  It's also printed on the map for tourists.  
We didn't eat breakfast that morning and decided just to get food when we got into the city.  
We we're waiting outside with others when they opened at 11:00.  We we're customer #5.  We ordered a loaded cheesesteak and just cheese. 
The hoagie was 10 inches so they say. 
The meat on it was tender but there was way more bread than meat. My sandwich was supposed to have peppers, onions and mushrooms.  It was more onion than anything else, I swear I got only two things slices of mushrooms.  
The establishment was clean and they were very friendly. 
I was just very disappointed in the sandwich itself.  We we're really looking forward to a true authentic cheese steak in Philadelphia. 
I'm sure there is one around somewhere, but it definitely wasn't at Sonny's.This place was amazing! The staff was fast, friendly, and the philly cheese steaks were to die for. We even ordered a 2nd it was so good!GOOD MEAT. I've only had the cheesesteak here but they have good steak. The sandwich isn't ovewhelmingly humongous so that's nice. And the staff is awesome. This is the place I always suggest to visitors. Cash only though.Sonny's has my vote for best cheese steak in the city. Consistently awesome. Gets real busy though! Be prepared to wait a bit for your food.I went here with my friend on a Saturday. I originally wanted the burger, but then got the cheesesteak because they told me at the cashiers that they were out of burgers. The cashier taking orders said "You don't know what cheese you want, that's what you're supposed to be doing standing in line." That was kind of rude to say, especially since I was planning to get the burger the whole time and didn't think of what I was supposed to order if they were out. I also overheard her say this same thing to another customer when I was eating.
Anyways, that's all forgiven because the cheesesteak was great. The cheese wiz was nice with the beef, and the roll was very soft. I liked the simplicity of the cheesesteak. My friend got the onion rings and they were really nice and crunchy.I tried different cheesesteak around Philadelphia and I have to say that Sonny's is the best. No wonder the line is long every time especially during rush hour. I would like to give out 5 star but take one out as workers are a bit rude and arrogant.AMAZING FOOD!! but the employees were BEYOND RUDE!! so rude that the entire place will receive a 1 star review from me. others around me noticed how rude they were as well.I'm no expert on cheesesteaks at all. There is a lot of wonderful restaurants in Philly to try and a limited number of meals to fit them in. So this was our cheesesteak experience. 
Yes, the line was out the door. We had no idea how long it actually was but we stood in line right away. From the outside it looked like there was limited seating. As the line moved inside, we realized that there is more seating but the gal keeping the seating tidy only let you sit down once you order. No saving seats ahead of time. It makes sense. Eating a burger or cheesesteak doesn't take a long time. So tables turn over relatively quickly. If someone held a table while waiting to order, many would not be able to use a table. 
Anyway back to the food. Sonny's menu is simple. That keeps the line moving quickly. We decided to share a cheesesteak wit (meaning with onions) and provolone ($10). Our vacation rental was only a block away, so we decided to enjoy it back at the condo. 
The provolone had time to melt sufficiently by the time we got home. The whole thing was amazing. The roll was soft, but stayed together well with the hot cheese and steak. The steak was seasoned just right and the cheese added flavor. The onions were cooked until translucent, so they added a sweet crunch to the steak. The meat had a great beefy flavor. We both wish we had a whole sandwich each! It was a great cheesesteak experience!After eating Geno's the last time in Philadelphia, and being underwhelmed, I was on a mission to find a delicious cheese steak. Sonny's delivered! In a major way! The sandwich was warm, gooey, and memorable. I will eat here every time I return. It's also close to all the touristy stuff so that's cool too.This place is a tourist trap! Totally overrated. Waited a f$&@ hour in the line and got my order wrong (no hot peppers! Wtf). Staff looked miserable and so was I!This place is packed.  Don't fear joining the queue as they have the process down pat.  Angus beef is used and the taste is great.  Try the peppers for an extra kick.  We'll be back.This place is amazing, and not bad prices for the amount of food you get! The fries were the perfect potato to crisp ratio. And the loaded cheese steak is bomb! Everyone is super friendly and nice and were pretty nice to the out of town Texas folk. You have to hit this place up one of the best cheesesteaks I've had!! The only bummer is you gotta fight to get a seat inside it's pretty limited but you get unlimited refills and hey no additional taxes!! What you see on the board is the actual price!Went in on a Saturday night and the place was empty so my order came out extremely quickly. My cheesesteak was so dry and barely had any onions. The wiz was poured on the side so the other half of the hoagie was only dry meat. I suspect the meat may have been sitting out for a while. Cashier was also a bit snarky / rude. Definitely have had better.This place was amazing! Came here upon the recommendation of a local, and I was extremely satisfied! I love Philly cheesesteaks and have been dying to try a really good one while visiting Philly. I can definitely say that was fulfilled at Sonny's. 
I got the Classic (fried onions and cheese whiz--which by the way is a genius idea!), and I was definitely in Foodie heaven! The steak was perfectly cooked and I think the cheese whiz addition was perfect rather than your typical cheesesteak cheese. I also got the fries topped with cheese whiz and this is an absolute must have! I actually added this to my cheese steak and it just made it so much better!
It was pretty busy for a Monday night, but for a place this good I'm not surprised! They had an outdoor dining area which was perfect for my friend and I.Recommended by our hotel, this little place is conveniently located, has friendly staff, and great food! It was perfect for us, coming in on a late flight, because on weekends they are open until 0300! Y'all should try it if you are nearby!Absolutly recommend for get the famous Philly steak. The meat was very good!
but please, sit outside, the street deserves to be seated outside.We came to Philadelphia and wanted to have a quality cheesesteak, instead of just the tourist-y cheesesteak (like Gino's and Pat's). Based on Yelp and recommendations from our family, we went to Sonny's! Overall our cheesesteaks were very good! My husband and I both commented on how fresh and delicious the bread was - you can definitely tell it was baked fresh. I give them four stars only because the cheesesteaks were not as "filled" as I anticipated - I think they definitely could have gotten more meat and ingredients in there. And it just didn't wow us the way we thought it would - the sandwiches were delicious but didn't seem that different from other cheesesteaks we've had. But if we go back to Philly we would definitely consider giving them another try!It was delicious and came highly recommended by a police officer we asked in the street where the best cheesesteak sandwich was.  We're from Florida and can't get anything this good at home.  Service was extremely fast and courteousI was in town on business for a month.  Tried a few places in the area and by far, this was the best.   I'd give them 5 stars but I went late one night at least 40 minutes before closing and they told me cheese steak only, no fries.   I really wanted the fries with it and to cut the menu off that early is b/s to me.   Don't skip it, but don't bother going after 9.   They'll just be standard Philly attitudinaly defective after that.    Ask for The Classic Whenever you do go and you won't regret it.First off, the cashier has a horrible attitude. The sandwich is not by any means special, highly overrated. I can just about get this anywhere I go. All hype and nothing more.Yummy yummy yummy! Best cheesesteak I've had in my life!! Got provolone with onions and fries, fries were crispy and steak was cooked to perfection. Love it!! If you are wanting a cheese steak this is the place to go!We ordered a cheesesteak and a loaded cheese steak, American With. The cheese steak is simple yet juicy, IMO, it is better than the loaded one.first Philly Cheese steak with and wiz.... thank you for the experience!My first ever cheesesteak so not sure exactly what defines a good cheesesteak.
Sonnys was delish! Soft bun, tons of meat, sufficient cheese. 
Quick service, I'd go back again.Food was really good.  Sitting was limited when i got there but by the time i got my fiod there was sitting.  The staff eas really friendly.No trip to Philadelphia is complete without cheesesteaks, and few if any do it better than Sonny's.
Food...
My wife had the straight beef with provolone, and I had the fully loaded beef with provolone. Both were right on point and very tasty. The roll held up well to the relatively moist content, but didn't dominate. The "fully loaded" portion of mine (peppers, onions, mushrooms) were well proportioned and complimented the meat and roll but, again, did not dominate the flavor.
Atmosphere...
Sonny's was packed to the gills this afternoon. There was a parade down market street, which passed right in front of the shop during our visit. We sat out front along the sidwalk and were lucky enough to score one of the few available tables compliments of some very gracious fellow customers. My wife is currently in a wheelchair, and having a table was a HUGE blessing. The restaurant, as mentioned, was absolutely packed - and it brought with it a certain frenetic but positive vibe/energy.
Service...
Herein lies the only reason Sonny's is not receiving a five star rating... The employee who took my order was friendly, helpful and attentive. The same cannot be said for the employee calling out order numbers. She, in my opinion, has no business working at Sonny's. The employee who took my order inadvertantly gave the customer ahead of me an incorrect amount of change. He figured it out pretty quickly, but as he was making it right the other employee began berating him in front of everyone - and declaring if the cash drawer was short he would have to make it up out of his own pocket. Later she again began berating him for not doing anything to help when there was about a five second lull between customers ordering. Finally, the same employee (the rude, berating, five letter 'B') slammed a couple of sandwiches onto the counter and caused on to fall onto the not so clean floor. The customer for whom the sandwhich was intended call her on it and asked for a fresh sandwich. She refused, and began arguing with and berating the customer, telling him there was nothing wrong with his sandwich. Even though the sandwhich was wrapped up, and likely was fine, she had no business arguing with, let alone berating, a customer. She should have had a new sandwich made, no questions asked. When my order came up I asked for her name three separate times. Each time she responded that her name was none of my business. She also tried arguing with me about my having not ordered and/or paid for two bottles of water. Right up to the point that I produced my receipt. But... Instead of reaching into the cooler right behind her to grab to cold bottles of water - she reached under the counter and handed me two room temperature bottles... GRRRRRR!!!! This one employee put a damper on an otherwise nice experience. Perhaps she was having an off day, but me thinks she is likely, in general, a five letter 'B', and has no business working for Sonny's.My first cheesesteak in philly and I was disappointed. Nothing special about the sandwich. I had it loaded with onions and mushrooms. If anything the mushroom flavor overpowered the rest. Would not get a cheesesteak from here again when I'm sure there are better options. The fries were perfect proportion of crispy and thickness.The locals swear by Sonny's. Chopped meat, choices of cheese (wiz, provolone, mozzarella, American and Bleu) good bread. A bit messy out of the wrapper, but the flavor is worth the extra napkins.
Better than Pat's, better than Geno's. It's not much of a conversation.This place is awesome!!!!   Five stars if you ask me.  Chrissy is awesome as well and always greats me with a smile on her face.  Whether it's the Bacon Blue Burger, or a Cheese Steak, there is nothing that does not taste fabulous here at Sonny's. The atmosphere is always pleasant and the shop is always clean. As far as I am concern, Sonny's has the best food made in Philly.Our tour guide said that this is the BEST Philly cheesesteak in the city. My husband loved it and there was a wait outside before it even opened. Recommend!Went here on Saturday night after a couple bars in Old City.  It was my fifth or sixth time, and it's always on Saturday nights with the crowd after the bars close, and it's always been the same.  They don't take cash which is understandable but slightly annoying if you ran out during the night.  Each time I've gone my friends and I always get the cheesesteaks with wiz, it's not too bad, the meat is always a little dry though.  The line seems to move slower each time and the bathrooms are almost always out of order, or else I would've given it four stars.  Not a bad choice for a late night cheesesteak though.We found Sonny's while walking around Philadelphia looking at the hostorical sites. It's small and cramped but the food was delicious. Best cheese steak ever, got the loaded with cheese whiz. The size was enough and quite satisfying. The steak had good flavour and was tender. The roll had a nice chew to it. The fries were excellant and crispy. My wife got the cheeseburger which was good also. I would recommend Sonny's to anyone who is visiting the downtown area of Philly.I had high hopes- Chicken Cheesesteak was bland and boring. Very little cheese and onions and unspiced chicken.  Fries were good though.  10$ meals.  The place down the way seemed to have a better atmosphere and more customers.  Maybe that the better spot- something that starts with a "C".Authentic Philly establishment and a bit of a throwback (in a good way).
Tasty sandwich. Fun place to grab a quick bite.Good cheesesteaks.  Not as busy as Campo's but grab a cheesesteak and sit outside, great people watching area.V good philly cheese steaks-fast service! Not a ton of room but it works. Highly recommend traditional steak with cheese wizFirst philly cheesesteak I had in Philly and it definitely lived up to its reputation.  Friendly wait staff and great food.  My entire family enjoyed it.Cheesesteak are Philly's tradition. This place by far is one of the best cheesesteaks I've had in a while. The line was crazy long but it was well worth the wait. Whenever I am in town for a meeting I will going here.Absolutely the best cheesesteak i've had in my entire life.  #1 they use shaved ribeye for beef #2 homemade wiz (which isnt gloppy & perfect!). We did Sonnys style which is wiz wit lettuce & tomato...tremendous!!! Smaller place, be patient but well worth the wait!Ugh...Philly, I love you, but I just cannot get in to your cuisine. Wit provolone several years ago was...okay. Wit wiz this time was just nasty.
Sonny's...I was close so this was my cheesesteak of choice. Service was super friendly, which is rare in the cheesesteak biz. The place was clean, also kinda rare. My food came up quickly - $13 for wit wiz, no onion, wit hot peppers, and fries and drink.
The bread was good. The meat was good. The fries were good. Peppers were hot. But that wiz overpowers everything in such a negative way. 
I would absolutely return. But...sorry Philly, never again wit wiz.AMAZING cheesesteaks! I've been to other places in philly that claim to be the best but they don't compare. I got mine whiz wit and there was the perfect amount of cheese and onions. There is so much steak on these sandwiches it's totally worth every penny. I've left other places still hungry but I could barely finish a whole sandwich and didn't even get fries. My date who can really eat was stuffed after just one as well. The people working were really sweet and the place has a great vibe. It doesn't hurt its on market street which is a great area. Definitely visit if you're in Camden or philly!Had seen on many trips and finally had the chance to stop in.  Bless the shaved ribeye, the perfect vehicle to go with a fresh roll, some whiz and fried onions.  Right up there with Steve's Prince of Steaks.  Definitely worth a visit.Tasty cheese steaks, friendly staff.  Menu has a nice variety of lunch options.  We had an early lunch on a Thursday in mid-April with no crowds or hassles.  When we left around noon there was still plenty of seating available.
Location is relatively close to the Liberty Bell, etc. in a neighborhood that is fun to explore with Penn's Landing nearby.Just got home to try a rib eye cheese steak and it's definitely one of the best!! Will come back when in town! Delicious!We were close to Sony's so decided to stop for a Philly Cheesesteak. It's the first cheesesteak I've had in Philly so I cant  compare it with other of the famous joints but this is definitely a great sandwich! The bread is crispy on the outside and soft in the inside, the meat is sliced ribeye and its perfectly seasoned. We had the "classic" which comes with cheese wiz and onions. But there are options to add different cheeses and toppings to your cheesesteak. The original however was pure deliciousness and the portion is more than enough. 
If you are in the old city I definitely would recommend Sonys for a casual lunch or hangover bite as they are open until 3am!Sooooo good. And I don't even really like cheesesteaks but this place took the cake. My husband got his with onions and cheese whiz. I got onions with provolone and whiz on the side. I loved both of them. The meat itself is really flavorful, and I liked having a milder cheese so I could really taste it. But don't sell yourself short and not get the whiz. It's incredible. We got there when the line wasn't too bad, so we had no issues finding seats but I can see how that would be difficult when the place is packed.Came to philly for a weekend and heard these were the best cheese steaks around and they were not lying! Amazing cheese steak sandwiches and the staff was very friendly, it was super crowded the 1st time we came Saturday at lunchtime, but they handled everyone quick and very friendly. Best cheese steaks ever!Best cheesesteak in Philly in my opinion. Prime old city spot, serves fries unlike some spots, GREAT bread, really friendly folks, tons of seating. The cheese to meat ratio is what I love about this place - you actually know there's cheese on it! They use shaved steak which I also prefer, rather than sliced. My go-to spot.Food was good but the cashier had an attitude out of this world....  If you don't want to work stay home as its very uncomfortable for your guests!**Food = 3.5 Stars**
I'm a bit biased since I'm not a huge fan of Philly cheesesteak. While I have not tried the other popular establishments for cheesesteak, I did enjoy Sonny's. Service was fast and meal was enjoyable, but it just tasted like a regular cheesesteak. The meat was a bit tough/slightly drier than expected. Overall, the sandwich itself was delicious to eat especially with the soft bread. I would recommend trying out Sonny's for those looking for authentic Philly cheesesteak, this just would not be my favorite/go-to-spot for food in the area. 
I also ordered the crazy fries (bacon and jalapenos topped on the fries) to share with some girl friends. What kind of fries were they serving me?! The fries were lackluster, thin, and not worth the money ordering. Atleast the cheesesteak satisfied my savory cravings.Oh baby!  This place killed it!  We were visiting Philly for the weekend and didn't want to blow it when it came to choosing the right cheesesteak place.  So, we asked lots of people where to go and read many reviews first. We were told to steer clear of Geno's and Pat's as they are over-rated. As it turned out, we definitely made the right choice.   The steak at Sonny's was top quailty.  Not fatty or chewy.  My only regret was I didn't get extra whizz.  Also, the people who worked there were super nice.  Btw, their website is pretty kick ass too!When we were in Philly, we brought home cheesesteaks for a meal for the next day.  We want to try all the cheesesteak places in Philly, and this was a close walk to where we were parked, so we tried this first.  I've had the most amazing cheesesteaks at Vince's in Allentown, so any cheesesteaks I eat have a high standard to live up to!  These were okay, but I could get a similar thing at many little restaurants throughout PA.  I could probably make a better cheesesteak at home.  So it's not that I didn't enjoy them.  It's just that for a cheesesteak from Philly, I expected better.My first Philly cheesesteak and the best I've had so far! I'm a girl from Cali so we don't have anything like a cheesesteak to compare it to. But my oh my, Sonny's was so damn good. I got the original cheesesteak with cheese wiz and onions and everything was PERFECTION. Bread was soft and moist but still had a bite to it, cheese wiz was smothered just perfectly to hold everything together and those caramelized onions.....mmmmmmmmm... Meat wasn't dry and everything tasted bomb.com they don't skimp on the meat either so get ready to be full.The Classic cheesesteak is delicious! But the onion rings were completely different than the ones I had last time (that was about a year ago). The ones last time were excellent. The ones last night looked and tasted like they were bought in the frozen food section of the grocery store.Ok so. As a Philly native...Guys, I give this spot a 3.5. Compared to Geno's & Pats. The cheese is a no go for me. It's a bit watered down. Does that make sense? In fact  they missed it totally with the cheese. That's what I was looking forward to the most! The steak cost $9.50. The amount of steak you get reflects the price. Not a bad steak either. The customer service is good. Line was fast and we got our food within 5min. So A+ for that.Loaded Cheesesteak with cheez whiz for the win!!! Add a side of onion rings too! Employees are friendly and they have 2 restrooms at the back.O.K I have to admit that I was weary of trying Sonny's because I usually shy away from touristy spots (especially after I went to Pat's King of Steaks). After several neighbors told me that this place rocks, I finally stopped in for a bite...glad I did.
I arrived just as they were opening up. The folks inside were very friendly and welcoming. I ordered my usual steak (whiz wit and sweet peppers). The combo came with fries and a soda for about $11.00. One of the best steaks I've had in Philly! Whiz, meat, onions, peppers, and bread combined to produce a symphony of ooey gooey yumminess. Everything was cooked to order and I helped myself to a couple of complimentary cherry peppers by the register. Call me a tourist, but I'll be back!Not sure what all the raving is about.  Maybe you have to go at 2 am.  The fries and onion rings were both cold.  The panini machine died while making my grilled cheese, so it was less than fabulous even though it took an extra 15 minutes to make.  My wife philly was good, but not great.We first ate here earlier this week and were amazed beyond belief. We vowed to return before we left Philadelphia because it was THAT good.  We went in today and asked for the same meals. Loaded cheesesteak and bacon cheesesteak.   Turns out,  we weren't charged for the bacon cheesesteak and so when I went to inform them, they told me I didn't buy that.   They told me if I wanted bacon I'd need to pay for it so.... I paid 2 bucks for my 3 slices of bacon because that is what we wanted. I don't think paying is what bothered me, it was that I was made to  feel that it was my fault that the order was wrong.  The food was still good and still the best cheesesteak we've had so far but definitely not as good as the first time and I think the attitude had a lot to do with that.So disappointed. I've heard great things about this place but they failed to deliver. HORRIBLE customer service. The environment was dirty as were the staff. The food was ok. Never going back.I had to have my first cheese steak while in Philly and we happened upon Sonny's.  Very friendly service.  Our cheese steaks were fantastic (one with cheese and one with cheez whiz).  Fries and onion rings were tasty, too!
I should have bought one of their shirts, they were pretty cute.The chicken cheesesteak is so dry it's like a chicken breast sandwich. The steak cheesesteak was just ok. Def not the soot to check out if you're looking for a delish philly. Service was fast but sort of rude.My boyfriend and I ate here last year when were in town nearby to check out a gallery exhibit. I'm glad that we went to Sonny's. The food was awesome! We each ordered our own Cheese Steak with Whiz. We didn't want to share! We also had the shoestring fries. The service was good.Good solid cheesesteaks. That's all they do unlike Campos a few doors over but they do it well.  If you're trying to decide between the two go to Sonny's, no contest. 
It's touristy prices but that's to be expected given the locale.It's the best philly cheese steak in town if you plan for the local culture visit. Don't miss this place. You will tell by just comparing the occupation among others in this street. Fresh meat and great taste~Visiting Philly and was in search for the best cheesesteak in the city. My wife and I weren't too keen on going to the tourist trap of Pat's or Geno's. Many of the locals that we talked to actually steered us clear of those places all together. 
After a few consistent recommendations from some locals, we tried Sonny's. The staff was friendly and it was definitely a cool atmosphere. However, the sandwich itself (with whiz and onions) seemed to lack something extra. It's not my first time having a cheesesteak in Philly, and I have to say that I haven't been impressed either time I ate them (from two different places). 
Would I go back? For the atmosphere and to say I ate a cheesesteak in Philly, sure. But for that reason and that reason only. Not my cup of tea....but definitely not dissing the sandwich itself! Ever city has its foods!Great sandwich.  Cheesteak hit the spot.  I had a hankering and wanted to best center city has to offer.  Sonnys didn't disappoint.  Meat to roll ratio is great.  Cheese was gooey and onions were great.The bacon cheese fries were quite good, the best part I'd say. The "classic" whiz wit (beef, cheese whiz, fried onions) was OK but not that great. I've had much better (even outside of Philly), which is disappointing. My main complaint is the steak had almost no flavor, was definitely underseasoned, and was lukewarm. Considering that one reason I chose Sonny's was that they supposedly cook to order instead of having piles of pre-grilled meat like many other places, that was especially disappointing. I might try it again sometime in case it was the particular chef but given they were only mildly busy and seemed friendly enough I kind of think it's par for the course.Great cheesesteaks. Very generous with peppers and onions. Fast, no non-nonsense service. 
Don't forget to add a cherry pepper!Great food! Got the "classic" with fries and a drink! Great deal and the staff were excellent!Small menu so they concentrate on the basics. 
I had the regular cheese steak with cheese whiz and it was excellent!  Good flavor with a nice twang. My wife got a Campos Cheese steak, two doors down, and we went halves to compare. Campos is a larger sandwich with more meat and a larger bread but it lacked some flavor. We needed to add salt and pepper to Campos sandwich to give it some personality.  So in our eyes Sonny's wins the taste test. 
Sandwiches are $8-$11 depending on add ins. 
Fries are $3. Sodas are $2. 
Fast efficient service. We had our food in about 4 minutes. 
Go to Sonny's!Sonny's delivers on great Philly cheesesteaks and the fries are amazing. Fun and friendly service. Just a short walk from Independence Hall. I'm not easy to please but this place impresses.Years ago, a local took me to Sonny's--he said this was the best and to never go to Pat's or Geno's--those were tourist traps. This is were locals went.
Sonny's lives up to that impossible billing. (Writing this a few days later I am getting hungry and I just ate dinner!)  The bread was just the right combination of hard and soft. The actual steak they use is very good--some Phily joins use a kind of steak-yum and rely on lots of cheese and onions and the classic Philly roll. 
Sonny's steak--which was piled high next to the grill, was just perfect. A big step up from the tourist places. I think its hard to get a bad cheese steak in Philadelphia because of the roll.
The fries were great too. And the service was solid given the packed restaurant and the huge line. 
Located right near the Liberty Bell, Constitution Hall and I-95, it's the perfect place to enjoy the real deal on your visit.Wow!! Talk about a taste explosion! I had a Philly cheesesteak with onions and American cheese and wiz (don't be worried this wiz is not the processed fake cheese you find at the store). The roll was perfect, the meat was juicy and melted in your mouth and all that cheese, ahhhhh the cheese. I have had a philly before and been sorely disappointed but now I understand why people love this sandwich.A good cheese steak on the side of town near the water front facing Camden.  Very over hyped, sadly does not live totally up to the hype but is still a generally good sandwich.
the meat - tasty but a bit too dry.  found myself washing it down too often with juice.
the cheese - whiz.  i just don't understand the Philly 'whiz spiel, i'll take real cheese over that stuff any day of the week.
Average review for an average experience.  Tommy DiNic's was much, much higher quality in my opinion.Service was excellent! Cheese steak sandwiches were very tasty- and huge- two of us could have split one, the burger was excellent. They told us that the burger would take a little longer but it came out right after the sandwiches. The fries were great as well. It felt more like a local eatery than a tourist stop, there were plenty of both type of patrons. We would highly recommend Sonny's as a great place to eat an authentic philly cheese steak. Cash only accepted, but there is an ATM in the shop.I wish driving back to Chicago from Jersey, made a random pit stop in Philadelphia (when in philly, gotta have the cheese steak). This place was top rated on yelp, so decided to give it a try. Wasn't disappointed, probably the best philly cheese steak I've ever had. Even the onion rings were good (perfect crispy coated onion rings)."What kinda cheese?" I need to know that first!"
Maybe snotty service is their schtick. If it's not, it's a good thing that they have good food to help make up for the ray of sunshine we encountered on our visit.
We popped into Sonny's for a late lunch, the two meat eaters in the group wanting to compare it to Tommy DiNic's. My friend went first, she followed the sign* ordering a beef with onions and was just about to get to the Whiz when the lady barked that she was doing it wrong. When it was my turn, I ordered a grilled cheese and was met with a sneer telling me it would take 10 minutes and asking if I still wanted it. Yes, yes I did. I got a disgusted look when she clearly didn't approve of my american and bleu cheese combo.
My friends quite enjoyed their cheeseteaks. Not as much as Tommy DiNic's, but better than Campo's. My grilled cheese was good, although the thick broche bread was a little stiff after the sandwich press. Still a decent showing for a place specializing in beef. We also got fries, I would file these under skippable; very thin, they reminded me of McDonald's fries.
Would I go back? Depends. On my own, no. With some cheesesteak seekers, yes. I'd probably would give this place a 3.5 or 4, if it weren't for the assholery that we encountered.
* In case you're wondering, here's how they ask you to order:
http://goo.gl/0pTZzrIt was good-servers were eerily nice. Almost flirty, but nice I suppose. We got the philly cheese and pizza steak sandwiches. Kinda on the bland side, but not terrible. For the price (and taste) though, I'd recommend just getting sandwiches off the street.We tried the Loaded Cheesesteak which was quite literally loaded with beef, peppers, grilled onions, mushrooms and pepperjack cheese. You have an option to choose your meat (chicken or beef) and cheese. If your really hungry you could polish off an entire cheesesteak on your own. If your snacking, I would suggest splitting it with a friend. 
They don't clean the table after patrons leave. Ours was a bit sticky and had some water spilt on it. That was a bit of a turn off.
It's definitely worth a visit for the cheesesteaks.This was our first time to Philadelphia and wanted to try a cheese steak. The staff was very friendly. I thought the cheese steaks were great.Best in the city!  That's what the tour guide on the hop on, hop off bus said.
I've tried Genos and Pats and was caught up in the hype but not excited by the food.
Sonnys hits the mark!  Hand sliced meat right in front of you, delicious bread, tasty fried onions and my personal choice of mozzarella make for an amazingly tasty Philly Cheesesteak.
Until someone proves to me otherwise, I'm going best in the city!I have tried as many of the cheese steak places as possible on my trips to Philly and I have to say that Sonny's is THE BEST.  Forget about Geno's and Pat's those are no where near as good as Sonny's.  Geno's and Pat's barely give you any meat in their sandwiches and the flavor is blah not to mention they charge and arm and a leg.  Sonny's has the best tasting Cheesesteaks in Philly that I have tried so far.  My only complaint is that they are not nearly big enough.  I need two just to fill me up.  I would say a close second is Ishkabibble's Cheesesteaks because of the size, the fries at the place are good too.  But Sonny's beats out the rest because I always leave there wanting another Cheesesteak.   Save yourself a trip and a wait in line and go to Sonny's.  After Sonny's then try Ishkabibbles.Came to Philly searching for the best steak sandwich, and I think I found it. Had the mozzarella cheese steak sandwich, and it was unreal - quick service too!. Definitely recommend, will be back for sure!I'm on a diet now and I have to constantly fight off walking down the block and getting a cheesesteak from this place. Damn, they make good ones here. I'm pretty sure I don't know of a better cheesesteak in Old City.After a disappointing experience at Joe's, Sonny's saved my night. We ordered 3 classics to go and 1 loaded cheesesteak with pepperjack for dining in. The guy at the counter was super nice. He offered to put our classics under the heat lamp until we left. 
The loaded cheesesteak was filled with juicy meat, ample pepperjack cheese and the right amount of peppers, onions, and mushrooms. The bread was soft and soaked up all that cheesesteak goodness. I didn't have that issue where all the meat was gone before the bread.
Luckily we came in right before a rush so we didn't have to wait in line to order. Either way, it looked like the counter people were really fast with the turnaround.great sandwich! had mine wiz, wit which I recently learned means with 
cheez wiz and with onions. bread is nice and fresh and meat was tender.  fries just ok but sandwich rocks.Im so used to going to pats or Gino's and this was my first time trying sonny's. I will never go to those main stream ones again!! The cheese here was so sexy, yes I said sexy the food was hot the fries were hot everything was great I will definitely be backFood is awesome, staff is incredibly nice and fun!  Facility is clean and has great music!!Maybe I just don't like Philly Cheesesteaks? I don't know but I wasn't impressed with this ones. We grabbed a cheesesteak to-go with whiz and onions with a side of bacon fries on our way out of town. It was good but nothing amazing. Maybe all the cheese ended up on the wrapper? maybe I should have ordered something different? What am I missing? The bacon fries were REALLY good just super rich and salty. As a plus the restaurant is SO cute and may be the only reason for the 4th star.Authentic cheesesteak! If you are in Old City this is a definite stop. I have been a fan of Sonny's for years! It is always quality and always more than good! The fries are great too but the cheesesteak is definitely my favorite. The spot is small and you may have to wait but it is totally worth it! Prices are typical.  Simply delicious!We were in Philly this weekend and were determined to try an authentic cheesesteak, but it being a rainy day and a long walk to Pat's and Gino's, we found Sonny's on yelp and decided to give it a try.  We are so glad we did!
Sonny's is just a short walk from the Liberty Bell, where we spent the morning.  We walked in around 11:15 am and there were just a couple of people inside.  Service was friendly and quick.  Sonny's has a nice selection of cheesesteak options and sides, but my husband and I decided to be as basic as possible- two cheesesteaks with onion- one with whiz and one with provolone.
Both of these sandwiches were great!  I think I preferred the provolone, but my husband leaned more towards the whiz.  The bread for the sandwiches was fresh, chewy and all around perfect.  The steak was good quality and they did not skimp.  If I could complain about anything, it's that I would have added a few more onions to the sandwich, but the flavor was great.  The sandwiches were slightly smaller than I would have expected, but I'm nitpicking a little- it was really good.
I would totally recommend this place!Delicious! Cheesesteak was such a nice treat. My fries were super fresh! The size of the cheesesteak was just enough that I did not get too stuffed. I got american cheese on my cheesesteak and it was perfect for me!We tried the others down the street and this one here is hard to beat.
Visiting this place during a hockey tournament doesn't give us much time to try a real live Philly Cheesesteak.  So who do we ask for advice?  The locals of course.  The famous places up the street make a decent cheesesteak on South Street but Sonny's beats them hands down.
Others complain about the wait but I noticed that they made each cheesesteak as it was ordered.  No mass production of steak which is then piled off to the side to wait for the next order.  They also placed a metal lid over the steak while it was cooking to keep some of the moisture (or was that grease) from escaping.  The meat was definitely moist and not dry like down the street.  The bread was soft and chewy.  You can't go wrong with American cheese but I thought the cheese wiz was pretty good too.  We liked Sonny's so much that we ordered two to go for the plane ride back home.  The nice lady double wrapped our precious cargo for the trip.  Now I'm spoiled with Sonny's and will look at the cheese steaks out  west as 3 stars, maybe.Complete waste of time going there. Young staff more interested in drinking their free pop from the   cooler rather than making a sandwich.  Served a dried up, short on beef sandwich.  The Duck Tours recommend this place, save some time and do not go there.  Go to JOHN'S ROAST PORK, for excellent food with friend sandwich.  I caught a taxi to and from there, which made it even more disappointing. Go to JOHN'S ROAST PORK!Yum yum yum! I went to Sonny's after a day of visiting tourist attractions within walking distance of it - Liberty Bell, Independence Hall, etc.
There was a line all the way to the door when we walked in, which gave us an indication that waiting was probably worth it. Loved the black and white decor. 
I ordered the Classic with Cheese Whiz and added raw onions to it. So good! The steak was so juicy, and you can actually see them cooking it in the back. The bacon cheese fries are a must try, and pair really well with the cheesesteak. Highly satisfying food.We had our first official Philly cheesesteak here and it was a great experience. The place was full of locals and a few firefighters so we had high hopes. We went for the cheesesteak with wiz....salty gooey delicious.