I'm obsessed with this place! My husband and I go here several times a month as it's right around the corner from our house. It has all the staples but with chic upgrades. The drinks are delicious too! I always recommend it to friends who are visiting the neighborhood.Girlfriend and I grab lunch here often. They just redid the dining area to add a stylish bar. Yummy sandwiches, yummy soups, good coffee. Friendly staff. Would recommend. 
I personally am a big fan of the pulled pork sandwich.I really wanted to love this place after having their black bean burger at a festival but was disappointed when I sat down to eat . I will give it another go though and review this place again. I do love the decor inside and how nice and friendly the staff is.this place is the best ,,,,really amazing great textured soups and great sandwiches ,,today i had the celery root soup ,,the african peanut soup ,,and we had a crabcake sandwich and a meatloaf sandwich ,,,we shared everything ,,..all made with fresh fresh fresh ingredients,,,really good stuff ,,,,,...great clean cute eating area ,,and a friendly hipster-ish  staff !!!!!It was great soup. It was a thick soup. It was tomato basil soup of the day. The grill cheese was like a provolone cheese.I was looking forward to trying this place for a long time and I was kind of disappointed. I got the BBLT, and there were only 2 pieces of bacon! I was thinking there would be a significant piece of burrata also, but it's really just like a spread on one side of the bread. It's okay but not amazing as I'd hoped. I did also try the tomato basil soup which is quite tasty. I would try it again for something else because you can tell they use quality ingredients; I just wish it was a little more robust in this case.Great place order the pulled pork sandwich the soup both were excellent just wish this place was little closer to South PhillyHosted a private party at the Soup Kitchen for my boyfriend's 30th birthday, it was perfect. Ben worked with me to create a menu that worked out wonderfully. Since it is a BYO we were able to bring in our own beers and wine which helped to keep the cost down. A great location for a party!The food is good, the location is wonderful. My only issues is most of the servers are aloof. A few of them are simply rude. I keep going back because of the food. 
I have to say the last time we went the server was so sweet. I forgot her name but I wish the others would learn from her. We gave her a good tip. So aloof services gets you a 1$ dollar tip great service will get you plus 20%.
Get the meatloaf it is supper
After reading many of the post I think the verdict is in. The services is not the greatest -Delicious tomato basil!!!!!!! Shakshuka is yum and hearty as well. White bean chili was scrumptious and so was meatloaf sandwich.
Definitely coming back for more.I love their food and their soup is wonderful.The reason why I'm only giving them three stars is because when I order my soup to go they fill up only three quarters of the cup. I feel like I'm being gypped when I spend $5 on a 16 oz soup that's not a full 16 ounces. I'm a good customer and I enjoy going there but not if I'm not getting my money's worth.This place never ceases to amaze me. All of the food is fantastic, no matter what I order I am never disappointed. It can get pretty busy on the weekends around brunch since it's a pretty small place but it's definitely worth the wait. 
Enjoy : )GOSH, this place NEVER disappoints. I mean I've only been here twice now, but I would go here every week if I lived near here. Today, I tried something new: their bagel+lox. I've never tried bagel with lox, because I was always afraid that raw fish and cheese could end up to be a bad experience anywhere else, but here, I was ready! After the first bite, I was left speechless with how amazing it tasted. 
On the side, I got the tomato basil soup again (this time with baguette, but hardly touched it) and it tasted just as heavenly as the first time. I would've eaten more of the baguette--it was warm and toasty--but it was too much bread for me with the bagel already. The arugula salad was THE aesthetic of the entire table, but much too sour for my taste. Still enjoyed it though. 
Seriously, I can't get enough of this place!After discovering this little cafe on Yelp, I finally visited with my boyfriend.
First impressions were: 
"Wow this place is cute," and "I love the seating and lighting," as I'm pretty obsessed about good window seats for picture perfect lighting. 
The waitress/cashier came by and took our order, and our drinks and soup came out really quick, it was almost impressive. My boyfriend ordered a mocha latte and I got their "Homemade Lemonade". He loved his latte and I'd give my lemonade a 3 star, it was pretty mediocre. What stole my heart however, was the presentation. I loved how their iced/cold drinks came in mason jars. LOVE. 
Now on to the soup.. Literally almost everyone who's reviewed this cafe raved about the Tomato Basil soup, and wow.. It was amazing. Words cannot describe how delicious it was, and I'm not really a soup person!
I won't say anything more about the sandwiches because I agree with the other fellow reviewers regarding the grilled cheese and meat loaf sandwich. YUM. 
I'd come back here every week if I could. I loved every aspect about this place. The casual vibe of the cafe (brought by the employees), the PERFECT lighting and window seating, and amazing food.I was really hoping to hate Soup Kitchen Cafe on principle - it's in Fishtown, people who wear ironic glasses love it, etc. The food, however, did not disappoint.
I went on a weekday afternoon on a nice day which really lends itself to the decor - big windows make a really nice brightly lit atmosphere. The decor is a hair on the ikea side but nice and simple. 
The food is what you would expect of a place like this - pulled pork, salad with goat cheese, and other "cool" things that every other place in Philadelphia has. I ordered the meatloaf sandwich. It was very good - served on a crusty baguette with thick cut bacon (referred to on the menu as "smoked bacon" - aka bacon bacon?) and cheese. The meatloaf was great, cooked well, and I enjoyed the sandwich very much. The side of chickpea salad was not memorable.
Service was quick and friendly. Right now, they offer a free coffee with a yelp check-in which I enjoyed and appreciated. Would definitely go back for lunch if I was in the neighborhood.Very quick service. Potato & Leek soup was delicious. BBLT was nice as well. All in all it was a good place to eat. The atmosphere was a little too hipster for my taste. But food made up for it.I think I have discovered creative, unique comfort food heaven in an unlikely location!Yo this place is amazing. I eat here at least once a week. They have a veggie (black bean) burger that will make your knees weak. If you go and they have the Senegalese peanut soup available, bring a bucket because it is the best shit ever. Cheers to soup kitchenLove this spot.  Sandwiches and Soup are always amazing.  I especially love the veggie burger.  I am not a vegetarian or vegan but I choose this over everything else.By far my favorite place in the surrounding area!  
According to my Foursquare check-ins I've been here 53 times and in all those times I have not tasted a soup I didn't LOVE.  I'm constantly amazed at their ability to come up with out-of-this-world tasty new soup creations which, based on their names and ingredients, I would consider out of my comfort zone and would otherwise not try.  However at Soup Kitchen it's pretty much a guarantee that I'm going to enjoy anything I taste so I love ordering new soups when they appear on the menu.  
They typically have different soups on offer each day or two (depending on how fast they run out of the batch) so there's always a bit of a novelty factor when visiting.  In terms of solid food offerings, they have a number of great sandwiches that are always on the menu.  I'm partial to the meatloaf and typically get that each time I come.  I can also recommend the mac n' cheese with pulled pork, it's REALLY good!
The only cons of this place is that sometimes it gets a bit smoky in there (poor ventilation in the kitchen is probably the cause).
Protips: They will let you sample the soups before you order.  Also, you can buy their full-sandwich and soup combo but ask for two half's of two different sandwiches.Cute little restaurant! The chicken lemon soup was bomb! Also enjoyed the pulled pork sandwich and strawberry sour! Great place!The recommended soup was the Tomato Basil, but my husband had the Parsnip Parmesan.  Both were delicious.  We also each had a sandwich to compliment our soup.  I had the BBLT and he had the meatloaf.  Not disappointed!  Definitely going back.I love the location and food. I had their crab cake sandwich and boy was that really good. It felt like they made it fresh and their bun was on point.OK restaurant overall. Considering the name, they don't offer that many soups. The food is good but the menu is very heavy on nuts so it's not an optimal restaurant for those with nut allergy. The space is fantastic. Open design with lots of large windows to allow for lots of natural sunlight. However, the restaurant has VERY poor ventilation. Every time I go there I leave with my clothes and hair smelling like fried/grilled food for the rest of the day. This is my biggest complaint as this is something that should never be an issue for customers. In addition, some of the female servers could use some tips on hygiene.I'd like to give Soup Kitchen Cafe a five-star review, because it's got great food and a hospitable and hip interior. The crabcake sandwich, tomato basil soup, and pulled pork are consistent winners. The downer is that after several visits over a period of months, it's become apparent that the service ranges from barely acceptable to really poor. It's not uncommon to see just two servers trying to handle a full dining section, the coffee bar, the drinks bar, and the register, which means that table visits are rare,  water glasses sit empty, and patrons wait to be seated even with empty tables. And a few weeks ago, we tried to avoid those problems by ordering their food for take-out catering for a small party, but after ten-odd phone calls, many of which went unanswered during business hours or answered and then not followed up on, we just gave up and ordered a Primo's tray. Come on, Soup Kitchen, you can do better.Nice neighborhood cafe... a bit over priced but make a solid grilled cheese  tomato soup on a cold day.My server Ryan was my "coworker for the day". She was very friendly and had great service and knew when I needed conversation. I appreciate intuition like that it makes you feel welcome. She made some wonderful food recommendations and was exactly what I needed today along with a warm bowl of delicious soup. Hoping to add Soup Kitchen to my list of spots when working from home can be a drag.It's nice to find another quick stop place for bfast sandwich and coffee or small soup and salad. Food is good with lots of variety for Vegetarians and Gluten Free. 
You can sit indoors or outdoors or just order to go. It's located on a pretty little street.I go there for lunch every so often. I went today and the caldo was delicious, same for the meatloaf sandwich but while the pork sandwich was good as a whole, the pork tasted a bit gray. Tasted like it was day old. Not bad but definitely could have been better. Besides that the service was sweet and the quaint and neighborhood atmosphere is always nice.I would give this restaurant 4 stars for food and ambience but NOTHING pisses me off more at a restaurant than charging for refills of iced tea.  NOT COOL AT ALL.  for that reason alone I'll never return.Highly recommend the BBLT! The sandwiches are very tasty and the soup is delicious.  I've also had the chickpea salad and the mimosas. Both were very good! Love eating here!The food is really yummy...I love the meatloaf sandwich but unfortunately the last few times I've gone I the service has been pretty awful...like we are inconveniencing them by stopping by. Last time we vowed not to eat in again any time soon. It's a shame.I came here with my lady friend, we shared 1 soup + 1 egg sandwich. It didn't look like a lot of food but we left pleasantly sated.
- the soup was GREAT. It arrived at the perfect temperature, and we devoured it.
- the egg sandwich was disappointing because of how good the soup was, and there was asparagus which i had to take out because it ruined the sandwich. But w/o the asparagus it was tasty and had a tomato thing that i enjoyed - my lady friend didn't like it.
- the hot chocolate was bad. it tasted like warm milk. we asked for some additional chocolate and it became OK.
I definitely plan to go back, but I'll only be getting soup.I love the food and take out beers, but service lately has been ROUGH. Currently there are 2 tables and we have not been talked to for 20 minutes. We just wanted beers after work  what's up with you soup kitchen? Why you doin us like this?Owner responded to my review immediately, explained the circumstances, and offered me reparationsThis place is a real treasure.  The soups are consistently unique and delicious, the atmosphere is cozy and the coffee is good.  Get a half sandwich with soup, or the amazing Shakshuka.  I've also heard the mac n' cheese is good, but I've never been able to resist the soups for long enough to try it.  The grilled cheese, however, is amazing.
I recommend the meatloaf, pulled pork or crab cake sandwiches.  All amazing!  Soups change, but I've enjoyed the tomato basil, the parsnip parmesan and a creamy cauliflower.  You won't regret a trip to Soup Kitchen.This little place never fails to bring me back. Cool staff, great menu, super clean, cute neighborhood, windows everywhere. Today's bean soup reminisced of a succulent Spanish potage, Caldo Gallego, a Cuban favorite. My friend enjoyed the chilled Borscht and couldn't finish her half-sandwich special. Say no more!I live right by here and this place is a great place to stop and eat lunch
The soup here is great and the sandwiches hit the spot.
I've tried a variety of different things on the menu and I haven't had something that was bad. The ingredients are always fresh and the soup is made daily. You can really taste the difference of sandwiches and also the soup because of how they prepare. recommended to just stop by and grab something to eat.Another of Fishtown's best. The meatloaf sandwich is the best I've had, and their chickpea salad is very tasty. Neat and comfy set-up. Staff is pretty friendly. Wish this place was open later for dinner.This place is really "as good as it gets!"
The soups' flavors are concentrated, but naturally balanced on so many levels, it makes me wonder how they achieve such robustness in each one - especially those marked (V). The Shakshuka is no different, with a nice combination of roasted red peppers and feta crumbles, it makes you completely forget that what you're eating is basically a bowl of marinara.
The breakfast sandwiches are divine, as are the lunch options, everything is made with such care and attention, you really can't go wrong with anything on the menu. I'm so fortunate to have Soup Kitchen right around the corner!Absolutely one of my favorite places in Philly. The staff are the chillest, friendliest souls. Every single single item on the menu is perfectly crafted. Zero pretension. Diverse customers. Family friendly. 
A gem.Honest to goodness - Best Grilled Cheese I've had in the city.  And I've been searching a while.
As for the service, I went on a Monday noontime, and perhaps they've done as suggested and staffed up.  At any rate, I received excellent service.  There were two girls working the shop, with about 8 other customers; I took a seat and got immediate drink orders, and 2 minutes later food order in.  I didn't go more than 10 minutes at a time without a friendly inquiry if I needed anything more, and both girls were cheerful and humorous.
Will definitely return.Give this place a try, it's not just limited to soup. They have great coffee and amazing croissants for breakfast, and for lunch I had the meatloaf sandwich which was awesome! Next time I am going to try one of their soups. Their menu is very creative, constantly changing, and everything is fresh!Meatloaf sandwich good. Soups are good and fresh. Great little place ! Always going back!Went for lunch for the first time today. Don't think I'll be returning ever. After being seated, I had to wave a waitress down after waiting for 10+ minutes. The food was average. And over priced for average food. Was just handed the check and not asked if I wanted anything else. Seems like this place is small enough for the staff to have things a little better organized. Plenty of better places in the area where I will be spending my money.Food is delicious but staff is bad. Everything takes four times as long as it should. I won't go there anymore just because of the aggrivation.Delicious tomato soup with amazing flavor and a delicious grilled cheese. Love the ambiance of the place and great food!First time here after starting a new job in Fishtown. Its awesome! The chicken salad sandwich and arugula salad were so flavorful and rich. Highly recommend for a quick lunch in a unique setting!The Reanimator coffee and the build-your-own breakfast sandwich is my jam! Their soups are top notch.Good cozy atmosphere and interior inside, friendly helpful servers. An excellent selection of hamburgers, I recommend if you like buns with black beans to try. I'll be back.I was sold when the congenial man behind the counter said, "the turkey chili has a little tequila in it, but not enough to get you drunk." I'll take it! Match that action with the herb chicken salad sandwich and there completes my half soup, half sandwich, whole beast of a petite lunch.
As I brought my brown-bagged kill home, I delighted the whole way about how quaint that little Fishtown treasure is. Ample room for those work/study people and even a cozy couch with a coffee table for Sunday morning newspaper readers. 
If you're wandering the hood in search of all things hearty and homemade, look no further than Soup Kitchen. A great name, by the way.The meatloaf is fantastic and deserves the commendations, but the beef short rib is delish, as well.  It is served on a toasted, soft brioche roll with a sharp white cheddar and garlic spread.  The meat is well-seasoned and tender.  I got the soup and half sandwich combo with the meatball soup (it's basically the meatloaf sandwich in tomato-esque soup form aka YUM).  Top it off with a griddled brownie (brownie a la mode) and you have a winning comfort meal.  Perfect for those cold days when you want something warm, satisfying, and yes, artery-clogging.  The place itself is so whimsical and cute, too.The curry lentil soup and roast beet sandwich I ordered were phenomenal. I don't care so much for the music selection, but the ambiance and service from the staff make up for that. This will be my recommendation for Fishtown locations especially after my fun visits to Amalgam comic book store.Hands down one of my favorite cafés. They specialize in soups and there are different kinds everyday. My favorite is the chickpea chorizo but I haven't seen it on the menu recently :( Chickpea salad is amazing.This place has great food and it is a super cute little lunch spot. Sadly some of the people that work here aren't the friendliest . 
I walked in and asked what soups they were serving , they told me and I asked how one in particular was ( a chicken soup) . The woman responded by telling me she didn't eat meat and was the wrong person to ask.  
This made me immediately walk out the door. 
Very rude and uninviting. If you have an aversion to serving meat maybe you shouldn't be working in the restaurant industry .You can tell the owner of the Soup Kitchen isn't cut from the cloth as some industry folk without even stepping into his shop. A trip to the web site isn't full of detours lauding their commitment to fresh produce, or a 30 second flash intro of iStock photos of Italy before an unsolicited .mp3 crackles through your speakers to fight for audio space with your Pandora station. No, SK differs greatly from the .pdf menu crowd. Their .com leads only to their menu, hours, and location. Shocking, isn't it? If only the Starrs and Garces could follow this lead, instead of doing their best impression of this: http://lobsterdonut.com/restaurant-excited-to-unveil-hassle-filled-web-site/
Inside the physical domain, nothing outperforms the meatloaf sandwich with bacon ($8.50), served on a fantastic baguette. There's not a super special recipe behind the meatloaf, it's just moist and done perfect. The supporting cast of aged white cheddar & tomato-thyme mayo deliver the warm and creamy flavor.
Pickled green tomatoes hide under covers of fontina, munster, and swiss ($6) and the grilled cheese is bookended by two great pieces of sourdough bread. The tomato's preserve treatment provides a smoother, less briney taste than traditional pickles while still serving a familiar acidic kick. Get it with soup and you'll be happy.
The pulled pork sandwich ($8.50) is fine, but not special. The nuance I think they're going for by employing apple/red cabbage and jalapeno aioli is mostly wiped out by the suffocating heat of jalapeno seeds. Also, each sandwich carries a small tote of chickpea salad on its side. A gentle squeeze of lemon gives it a fresh, light taste without any puckering acridness. 
An odd issue, though, is the smell. Even if you don't take a to-go bag you're still bringing home the kitchen's handiwork on your clothes due to the poor ventilation. It's a mild annoyance to wear your lunch on your shirt when you haven't even spilt anything, but not enough to bypass Soup Kitchen completely.So I am a new frequent to Fishtown these days.
I was surprised it was a BYOB so we got a 6-pack of PPA. I got the half soup and sandwich, Watermelon Gazpacho [to die for]. It is the most refreshing thing ever u can possibly have in a hot summer day. The chicken salad sandwich was pretty good, but not sure if i would order it again. I tried my friends chickpea chorizo soup, it was so goood, too bad i dont eat pork, almost made me do it!
Our server was super nice and helpful, and the decor of the cafe really makes me feel like i'm in my own living room [since my house is nothing but shades of grey].  I honestly can't find anything to complain about...
Very good vegan and vegetarian options, I really appreciated the fact everyting was healthy and din't make me feel sick. Really looking forward to trying out their other soups! They have recently started carrying Darling's cheesecakes which will leave you speechless, so ask for it!
I can't believe I forgot to take a picture! I guess my date was that adorable and funny :|Really great lunch experience here!  Sick as a dog and was looking for some homemade soup.  Their Nicaraguan chicken and rice stew hit the spot!  As good as what I make at home.  The Hubs enjoyed the quinoa veggie burger and a Hoegarten.  Very friendly service, and we were able to eat outside with our dog.  High quality comfort meal and reasonably priced.  Wish they were around the corner from my house, but will definitely go back again!I went here because I found it on Yelp and I loved the name.  I got a half-sandwich and a soup for $9, and my friend got a salad and a soup for about the same price.  She loved the watermelon soup that I ordered, and I enjoyed the soup that she ordered (I forget what it was).  She didn't like her salad all that much, but I loved my pulled pork sandwich.  The portions were perfect for her, but they were tiny for me.  I think it would probably be better to go for lunch than for dinner.
As I was leaving, I got a Vanilla Chai Shake for $4, and it was really good.  The service was pretty good overall.I can't speak to their food, and the only thing I've ever ordered here is a to-go hot tea.
However, I've been a patron at Soup Kitchen more than once, and I just have to give a special shout out to their staff. I've never had a negative interaction. Every employee I've encountered is kind, well mannered, and down to earth - the type of people who seem to genuinely respect and enjoy this establishment.
So bravo to the management, the staff, and this cute little cafe for their customer service. It will keep me coming back!The food here is amazing. Actually, let me rephrase that. The beet sandwich is freaking delicious, and I've not tried anything else because it's so good I can't bring myself to try anything else. The staff is pretty friendly, but service can be really slow. I've eaten in 3 or so times and each time I've given up on the server and got myself water from the pitcher that sits by the cash register. Maybe this is what you're supposed to do, and I'm just mistaking this for a sit down restaurant when it's actually just a serve yourself cafe. If it is, they should set those expectations.
Either way, if you like beets and goat cheese and happiness, you should try the beet sandwich. That sandwich alone is 3 stars in my book, even if I'm dying of dehydration while eating it.All of you leaving poor reviews must not know what good food tastes like. This is the second time we have come, and this time was just as good as our first time. We loved the grilled cheese and tomato basil so much the first time, we couldn't not order it again! We also ordered the Mac and cheese which did not disappoint. Lots of different cheese flavors, well seasoned, and HOT which Mac and cheese some times isn't in the restaurants by the time it gets to your table. We also ordered the chick pea salad.... Delicious!!!! Feta cheese, basil, red onion, and lemon all made this a truly remarkably unique salad! We cannot wait until our next visit here!!I highly recommend Soup Kitchen Cafe for a party or catering.  We had a surprise birthday party for my wife here.  Ben and Brian pulled out all the stops to match my budget to an awesome party.  They made a very relaxed atmosphere (music, set-up and food) for 17 people.  The event was very simple for me; they gave me some options on menu, helped set-up a time and even helped pick out the wine I bought.  With all the excitement around their newspaper write-up and increase in their business, they made me feel like nothing was more important than my party.  Thanks guys!Food is really good, but service is inconsistent. I've been here several times and we've had long wait times and everyone at the table's food came out at a different time, which was off putting.Perfect place for lunch and very affordable! They serve all their sandwiches on gluten-free bread from a local GF bakery called Taffets in the Italian Market. Very yummy! I've had both the grilled cheese and meatloaf panini - both amazing!Food is really really good! The vegan grilled cheese was amazing!! And now I'm on the hunt for vegan cheese to make my own. Love their combinations of flavors like cucumber lemonade. Love the decor, really laid back comfortable atmosphere. Service was good my only critique is that all three of us ordered the soup & 1/2 sandwich lunch special but they brought full sandwich and bowl of soup and charged us accordingly. It was a lot of food. 
Regardless, If I lived closer I would frequent this place.Well that was awful!  I sat there at a table for 15 minutes.  Waitress never came to my table, went to table next to me 3 times.  No water, no acknowledgement, nothing.  Trust me when I say I am not invisible.  What a waste of time.  That's really was the worst service ever!!!Probably the best meatloaf sandwich I've ever had. Their soup is always delicious. This is a great lunch spot in Fishtown!Awesome food! Awesome service! Awesome staff! My biggest complaint (and the reason for 3 stars) are the coffee cups. They suck!! They always leak!! It just ruins their delicious cup of coffee. I hope they rectify this problem soon!!I stopped by this place around 5pm on a Monday afternoon; I had checked out the menu online and was craving some pulled pork. The place is within walking distance, which is nice, and when I arrived the place was empty. There were literally 2 people working, some flies, and a ton of empty seats. Nothing wrong with that, however, and I fully understand it being dead for the time and day of the week. 
My first and only complaint is that I still don't understand how they want you to operate when you are there. There is a sign that says to have a seat wherever you'd like, so I did. I waited for someone to come take my order, but no one seemed interested. I assumed that maybe you were to order at the counter, despite there being no "order here" signs. When I did order at the counter they looked at me like I was doing it wrong...I'm still not sure if they come to you to order or not. 
The food was great, decently priced, and a reasonable portion. The pulled pork was delish and surprisingly spicy. I love spicy foods, but I could see someone with sensitivity to spice being caught off guard by this one. The sandwich came with a side of chick pea salad which was surprisingly good. My only complaint with the sandwich is that I didn't really see or taste and BBQ sauce on it. This seems to be a trend now days, and I'm not particularly fond of it. When I eat a pulled pork sandwich I expect that sucker swimming in delicious BBQ sauce. Even so, it was scrumptious and hit the spot. The other confusing part was whether or not I was supposed to bring my dishes to them after I'm done eating. I just don't get the procedure they are going for...perhaps I'm just over thinking it. Despite being mildly confused, I will definitely give them another shot.The iced coffee was basic. Not my favorite. 
The house breakfast sandwich I got with no prosciutto and replaced the cheddar with goat cheese. The best breakfast sandwich i've had in a long time. They kind of gave me shit about replacing cheddar with goat cheese, which, what if I can't have lactose? You need to accommodate. Plus, the goat cheese taste way better than the white cheddar. The atmosphere is cute and quaint and I did enjoy sitting looking out the window. 
Free Wifi.
Accepts Cards.Shakshusha is excellent!
Soups are very good!
The only thing they need to improve on is to offer more vegetarian items, or vegetarian versions of their meat items (veggie meatloaf would be great).Their food is amazing. I love their meatloaf sandwich with tomato basil soup or potato leek. However, I feel like they're very racist. I've been there 3 times and each time I've had a negative vibe. First time my husband ordered take out. He sat on the couch a fell asleep (after a long day at work). After 30 mins the waitress woke him up and asked what he's waiting for. A few days later me and my husband went for dine in. They way they talked to us made us seem like they were disgusted. We placed our order and they forgot my sandwich. I thought it was coming out, but by the time I realized it, we were almost done eating other stuff we had ordered. Today I came in and one of the waitress had a very nasty look on her face the whole time and just gave a nasty attitude. In my opinion, if you're not one of "them" you won't fit in and they won't make you feel welcomed.This place is great. I have had almost everything on the menu and have never been disappointed.  Perfect time for their delicious soups and sandwiches.I cannot believe that I never gave the soup kitchen a review?? Anyways - the soup kitchen is awesome, low maintenance great recipe's the chicken salad has a nice yummy crunch due to walnuts! The coffee is always hot and the make the BEST well actually Justine, staffer makes the Best vanilla chai milkshake! Yum yum yum!I have to bump it up a star for the great vibe, and the care they put into the food. The short rib sloppy joe is some next level ish. Plenty of pickles and some shaved carrot. Oh hell yes. Don't sleep on the soups either. The 1/2 soup 1/2 sandwich combo is where it's at. 
Meatloaf sandwiches with bacon are another of the highlights. Obviously.Really quality food. Their best sandwich is the pulled pork. Very hip and pretty pricey. Wish they offered salads and stayed open longer.I love this little neighborhood spot. My hubby and I go here for dinner at least once a week. Their food is freshly prepared and they have some amazing options. Their pulled pork mac n cheese is by far the best I've ever had (and I'm a mac n cheese snob). Going to the healthier side,  the chick pea salad is delish. I've had the crab cake sandwich which is good too. The soups are incredible! My favorite is the tomato basil, which they carry on a daily basis. I hope this place stays around because its a great addition to the Fishtown neighborhood.The soup kitchen is simple.  They have a couple of sandwhiches and different soups each day.  The place could almost be passed by without noticing.  But do not make this mistake.
The joy of the soup kitchen lies in the simplicity.  They carefully prepare the food and only use good ingredients.  $9 half sandwich and soup deal makes a great little lunch.  The meatloaf sandwich is particular is the perfect combination of fatty delicious meats.Coffee's great, soup and sandwich combinations are nothing short of inspired.  Outdoor seating is perfect in the spring, summer & autumn months.  As other reviewers mention, this place never disappoints.I see nothing wrong with this place. Cucumber lemonade is nice, little on the sweet side, but nice. Mac and cheese had a nice cheeseblend. Noodles we a little overcooked. Shakshuka was very flavorful. Expected a little more spice and honestly a little too soupy for meal to constitute a meal, particularly breakfast but still very tasty. The meatloaf sandwich was a highlight. Great little aoili or whatnot. Nice size, and the chickpea type side salad was excellent. 
Reasonably priced great lunch spot. Def go back when I'm in the area. There are definitely quite a few menu items I am very interested in trying. Fennel being added to lox and bagels specifically. Server was not the most helpful when it came to menu selection.This is one of my favorite places to stop for lunch. The people here are so sweet and friendly. I've had great service every time I've stopped by. The food is very fresh and so tasty. They are a perfect combination of a coffee shop with a delicious cafe. 
The only thing I will note is that you should be prepared to wait a bit for your food, but that is likely because every item is assembled with care.Although it might have the world's worst name for a restaurant, I think Soup Kitchen passes, but not with flying colors. It is trying to be too many things: both a diner and a coffee shop are a challenge.
Regarding food, I enjoyed my spicy and tangy pulled pork sandwich, but my chicken rice soup was thin--needed more body. I did enjoy the atmosphere and the flexibility of the staff.This place offers Really good soups and sandwiches, vegetarian and vegan options. Tomato basil cream soup is always on the menu plus 2 other soups that  are different each time and any one I tried was consistently delicious. black bean burger, Bblt are my two favorite sandwiches. Also brownie waffle dessert is worth trying if you're up to something sweet. 
Soup and sandwich is about$12, atmosphere is relaxed. Seating outside available. Service is very pleasant but little slow at times.Perfect coffee, delicious sandwiches(my favorite is the crab cake), and amazing soups. The ambiance is nice too and the stocked bar doesn't hurt either. All around great and unique casual dining experience.Had the vege burger and tomato soup combo. The food was great and atmosphere is nice. Servers were attentive and made sure everything was taken care of. Will return and recommend.A bit off the beaten track, but the food is impeccable and the staff is very friendly.Wowza! Very seldom does a simple lunch leave me beaming for the rest of the day. Like a first kiss, it was playing over and over again in my head. Dramatic, but true. Soup Kitchen Cafe is my new favorite lunch spot, with ample parking to boot.
Soups and new dishes are listed on chalkboards, neatly stenciled with colored chalk. The menu is available at the front counter.
Food: A carefully thought out menu, and the price is right! You can get half a sandwich and cup of soup for $8.50; I got the spicy watermelon gazpacho, and it uh-mazing! Chilled and refreshing. Served with drizzled olive oil and garnished with dill. There was just enough heat (spice) to leave a subtle, smoldering burn in the back of your throat. The slight, sweet watermelon notes balanced well with it's tomato base, and was absolutely delectable; I couldn't stop eating it.
I got the homemade meatloaf sandwich (Smoked bacon, aged white cheddar, and tomato-thyme mayo on a baguette), a true gazpacho sidekick; I've added a photo of this beaut for visual aid. Holy shnikeys! The bread was fresh and soft, yet still substantial. The meatloaf was moist and filled the bread to the edges; all the flavors worked in a perfect symphony to yield perhaps, the perfect sandwich. I really admire their attention to detail and delicately balanced flavors.
Breakfast sandwiches look great. Sides look delicious and range from $2-4. I have my eye on the mac n' cheese (aged chedder and gruyere).
Their Cucumber Lemonade is THE BOMB!! So delicious and refreshing! No soda fountains here; awesome! They offer yummy coffee/iced coffee and also a vanilla chai milkshake that I will surely try at a later date.
Decor: modern, hipster, trendy, charming are all ways to describe this place. Teal and brown walls, modern pieces, local hipster art, Motobecane (1-cylinder) motorcycle which oddly, doesn't look out of place...it's a really nice area to chill out. Couches and comfy chairs are also readily available for your buns.
Super Plus: The sincerely polite manager/server (owner maybe?) personally came to our table to apologize for some bothersome flies; he explained that hurricane Irene had taken out their AC a few days previous and they had to have the doors open for a couple days. Their service is unmatched in my book.
Will I go back? You bet your sweet a** I will! Already anxiously waiting my next visit.
*You can call ahead and order.
**I also overheard them saying that they will be doing dinner soon. Can't wait to see what tasty morsels they'll be whipping up for that!I would like to give this a better rating and maybe I'll have to come back for dinner but the breakfast was not so good. I waited 35 mins to get an egg tomato and cheese on a soggy bun. Very disappointedI ordered iced chai tea and shakshuka. I wasn't crazy about either one of them. My shakshuka had NO flavor whatsoever. I can honestly say it reads beautifully off the menu and looks wonderful, but there was so much to be desired from a flavor standpoint! My tea was ok, maybe I should've ordered the lemonade...LOVE THIS PLACE. Order a breakfast sand which with Caramelized onions and avocado ..you will not be disappointed! Coffee is also on point and soup selections are always good too.So so delicious! Try the walnut pesto sandwich or any of the soups. I've always loved what I got and so have the friends I have gone with. ThEy now offer table service which is nice and they have Cholula! Only complaint is the lighting - kind of bright but they are working on it. Go here!!!!My absolute favorite establishment in the Kensington/Fishtown area.  Great food and Great service! The staff at the soup kitchen make me feel  welcome every time I walk in.  I highly recommend the half sandwich and soup option on the menu. I often build my own breakfast sandwich. Even if you don't need something to eat, drop by and grab a delicious cucumber lemonade, especially now that the weather is heating back up again. Cheers.This is our go-to place. I live nearby so it's pretty convenient. Food is great, but limited choices and the menu hasn't changed in the 3 years I've been living here with the exception of 1-2 soups each day. Takeout is always easy but sometimes the service is slower than normal. It's got a good vibe, a full bar, local coffee and kombucha and is open 9-9 daily which is great.I had a chance to go here after work for a very late lunch and I really dug this place. The cafe has a real relaxing atmosphere with some good alternative/indie music playing in the background. The waitress was a real sweet heart and incredibly friendly. I ordered goat cheese sandwich and it really hit the spot with a cup of coffee. Next time I will have to try their soups!i used to visit here often because the soup and grilled cheese is amazing. however the last couple times i've been here they haven't had any vegan soup options :( it really bums me out because this place is so cool. i guess i will just have to find somewhere else to go.Ben and Keesa are super friendly, and they have a great menu. A great option for a quick bite or more in a cheery place.GREAT FOOD. GOOD VALUE. I went in today for the first time, and I had the Pulled Pork Sandwich and Asparagus Leek Soup. The FOOD WAS AMAZING. The staff was really nice and the prices were reasonable. I am telling all of my friends to come here. You should too.I ordered a vegan soup with a vegan grilled cheese and the vegan soup came with a dairy yogurt garnish. And when I received my vegan meal with a yogurt garnish and confronted our served about it they made me feel like I should have "known" my vegan soup had such garnish. I feel like you shouldn't call a soup vegan if it comes with a non vegan garnish or maybe I'm just a radical vegan.I am writing this because I care about you, Soup Kitchen. The food is always good here and it's the one reason I keep coming back. But please, I beg of you, get rid of your entire front of house staff (minus the lovely girl with the long dark hair -- she is the only one that can efficiently do her job). This is based on several times I have been here and my patience is beginning to wear thin. I never even write Yelp reviews and it's gotten SO bad, I just had to let you know...The servers are inattentive (I waited 12 minutes for anyone to even acknowledge we wanted our order taken), they never refill our waters (I ALWAYS have to ask and ask... and ask...), they never get the order correct (any time there is a modification or god forbid, dressing on the side... it's wrong)... they never bring the soup out on time (since when did we finish a meal with soup?)... they're just all around... bad. Get a manager in there to train or a head server to whip them into shape -- even just teach them what it takes to have good service and hustle.  Your food is saving your restaurant and I've been coming here for a while -- the place looks great too. Don't let it go down in flames because of a couple bad eggs. Not everyone is meant to be in the service industry... get them out of there and give your customers what we deserve, people who know what they're doing.This place is single-handedly making me reconsider moving out of Fishtown. Living across the street from Soup Kitchen is dangerous...
In the past I've had the asparagus prosciutto breakfast sandwich (so-so), the lemon goat cheese sandwich (better than so-so), and pulled pork sandwich (killer).
Today rocked my world: they featured a tomato meatball soup which blew my mind: nice big noodles, plenty of parmesan...uhh so good. Had that with half of their crabcake sandwich for $8.50. What? Amazing. 
Other things that make this place great: the owner and staff are very friendly and sweet, they allow dogs, and it's also kind of a lounge-y cafe where you can bring a computer and just sip on their awesome cucumber lemonade.
This is such a sweet little place, and they just extended their hours til 7 Monday through Friday so go check it out!I love this place! Great great soups and sandwiches, great breakfast. What I've had so far and loved - Beet and goat cheese sandwich, watermelon gazpacho, and shakshouka. The half and half deal is great. Very casual atmosphere, doesn't make you feel awkward if you're eating by yourself but at the same time would be good for a date or family gathering (would probably need a reservation for a group, though). Outdoor seating in good weather. Will be back!As I write this, I wonder why I don't come here more often. This a perfect little spot away from the Frankford & Girard madness.
Everything I have had here has been stellar. Particularly the soups (duh) and the meatloaf sandwich. 
The prices are decent, and fairly cheap for this newly-third-wave area, and they have a half decent beer list.A great go to spot for delicious comfort food with high quality ingredients.
Small menu BUT what they serve they do very well! My favorites have to be the Mac & Cheese, Beer-Braised Pulled Pork and Homemade Meatloaf. The thick cut bacon at Soup Kitchen is heavenly and the chickpea salad which comes with lunch rocks! 
Tasty food, inexpensive prices, cool atmosphere (like a café), free Wi-Fi...win, win, win, win!A great spot for a quick lunch in the area. If you have food allergies, this place is A+. One of the chefs is allergic to nuts so they are conscious about ingredients and can tell you what's in everything. A rare place to enjoy nut-free baked goods :)A very unassuming place but as soon as I walked in I got a great vibe. Welcoming. Relaxed. Comforting. 
Very good food for such a small kitchen. The portion sizes were perfect. Definitely priced properly unlike many restaurants in this area. 
The only constructive criticism I can give would be about the doors to the kitchen/dish area. Perhaps some curtains instead? I have to believe that they hinder the work flow to some degree.Great cafe. The soups are awesome and the sandwiches delicious!!! In my opinion it has the best food in the area.I had the Chicken Salad sandwich and some chili special. Both were delicious!  Staff were nice and helpful. I had takeout but the inside was really nice. I sat on a big comfy leather sofa while I waited for my food. Great job Soup Kitchen Cafe!I love this place! The atmosphere is super chill and all the food I've had there has been great. The staff is welcoming and friendly. Definitely one of my favorite places to get some grub in the area.
If you get the chance to try the butternut squash chili, do iiiiit.Well it's about time I write something about the Soup Kitchen cafe - after about fifteen visits, it's without a doubt my absolute fav place to grab lunch or a dinnertime soup or sandwich.  I love the service (friendly) and atmosphere (cool, but not trendy)...however, the food is just SO unexpectedly incredible.  I consider myself moderately knowledgeable about great philadelphia sandwiches and this joint carries the most "best-of's" in Philly.  No lie - the best Pulled Pork in the city...and I must say that's quite a feat.  Similarly, the Veggie Burger, Mac and cheese and Meatloaf  Sandwich are are the best I've ever had...the soups always impress as well.  I also recommend the lox and bagel...totally addictive.  Ben & Co. have a great thing going...I only wish I got there even more often.I came here over the weekend after going to Philadelphia brewing not company 
- cute and inviting decor
- friendly staff 
- I thought they had a random menu. They have an israeli dish, sandwiches and burgers
- the shashuka was just okay
- I didn't love the mac and cheese but my sister did 
- the beet and goat cheese sandwich was delicious 
- I was told the veggie burger was very good 
- the coffee was good
- if I'm in the area I will come backSuch a cute little hidden gem. Tasty soups and salads are all very thoughtfully made. I am normally not a big sandwich person unless it's a banh mi as I feel a little wasteful going out to buy something I can whip up at home. We wanted to try something new so BF and I both ordered our own half soup and salad. The tomato basil soup was creamy and full of fresh basil. The soup of the day with chicken and rice was stellar (I ended up trading the BF for this because I was so obsessed). 
My beet goat cheese sandwich was very very tasty. Awesome balance of fresh arugula and savory ingredients. I have a thing against toasted whole grain bread that scratches up my sensitive gums though so I probably won't get this again. 
BF's burrata BLT was to die for.. soo good. Extremely awesome marriage of ingredients and the bread was perfectly toasted. Was tempted to "trade" the BF for this too but I was feeling generous and settled for a few stolen bites instead ;)
Waitress forgot our cucumber lemonade and was a bit slow having to work the front restaurant by herself while picking up the phone etc so nothing personal there, and we were super full and satisfied anyway. They serve fresh reAnimator coffee and play awesome coachella music. Would definitely try this place again!Super hooray and thumbs up for Soup Kitchen. They have come a really long way and are now the absolute perfect place to grab delicious, fresh soups and sandwiches and who knew, drinks!!
Arrived before the brunch rush on a saturday, had a seriously awesome bloody mary, a ridiculously good vegan sandwich with walnut pesto, beets and pickled green tomatoes (which I will dream about often) and a friend got pulled pork mac and cheese, a mimosa and a fancy coffee.
Soup Kitchen is everything that is awesome about East Kensington. Definitely go!Had the potato and leek soup which was delicious and creamy. Paired it with the meatball baguette which was amazing. Just the right level of crunch to the baguette without being too solid. The lemonade was refrshing, quite a subtle flavour so not one to go for if you are wanting a big citrus hit. Staff were great too,very friendly.I really enjoy stopping here for lunch.  I have tried the pulled pork, meatloaf, chicken salad and breakfast sandwiches as well as the breakfast Shakshuka (a breakfast soup) and a few of the rotating soup flavors.  My favorites are the breakfast sandwich and the pulled pork. Yummy.  I have taken it to go and eaten in.  Service is always fast, food is always hot.  If you are in the area, give it a try.Soup kitchen offers a very small menu, everything they serve is truly delicious. The beer braised  pork sandwich is killer and probably my favorite item on the menu. It has a jalapeño garlic aioli  that packs a serious punch! It's cooked to perfection with just the right amount of BBQ sauce which allows you to taste all of the other flavors. I'm not a big fan of drowning my pork in BBQ so that it mask all other flavors... it also comes with a side of chick pea salad. This salad is fantastic! I even tired replicating at home!!!! It's not the same but it comes close. I have also tried the crab cake sandwich which is delicious. Try it, you won't be disappointed!! As for the restaurant it is clean neat and you sit yourself. The waitresses are always pleasant and the over all service is good. They accept cash and credit. 
I would like to see soup kitchen add a few seasonal items to their menu to spice things up.Decent food, but the service ruined this for me.  Every time we asked for anything, our server rolled her eyes.  This is also just...not a good name for a restaurant.  Especially considering the fact that it borders a neighborhood with huge food insecurity, it's actually pretty offensive.   
The coffee was also burnt and tasted terrible.Got take out this afternoon and was psyched for some good food. Aesthetic was great and person was helpful answering a few questions. I can say my egg sandy on brioche was great! The soup was so greasy it turned the container orange with oil- it tasted good, but it was a touch sickening to look at. I'm not a person afraid of oil or fat- love it, but this was unnecessary in my opinion. Pulled pork on Mac and Cheese Side was actually inedible. The Pulled pork was SO salty and briney it was literally inedible. I will pretty much eat anything that is a quality ingredient, not saying I'm proud, but I'm not a person that has ever thrown away bad take out. Just bummed my $22 take out left me with a small egg sandwich and a few bites of cheese noodles. Would not go back.I was definitely in a hypoglycemic rage when I wrote this review, as it was a particularly bad day at the Soup Kitchen, but the owner got in touch immediately and gave us a gift certificate. We will be back at some point, so I am amending my review to 4 stars, with a 5th star pending smooth, consistent and timely service.This spot has the most amazing tomato soup and grilled cheese. Rest of the food is great too but...... that soup. Service is sometimes slow, but everyone there is so nice you can't really be mad. Used to live around the corner and this was a regular stop - definitely check it (and the tomato soup) out sometimeCute and cozy little cafe in Fishtown area.  Wanted a lighter lunch so at the recommendation of another local business we decided to check it out - and boy were we pleasantly surprised.  Friendly staff, clean dining area and a unique menu we chose the Pork sandwich and grilled cheese with creamy tomato basil soup.  The flavors were crisp - the Grilled cheese ooey gooey with crisp bite from the sourdough it was grilled in paired perfectly with the just right acidity of the tomato basil soup.  The pulled pork offered a bite back with an amazing blend of spices - topped with a tasty slaw and served with a simple yet delicious chick pea salad.  Of course we couldn't resit trying the skillet brownie - Yummy!  Perfect for an autumn outing. Will definitely return.Breakfast sandwich with asparagus on brioche was terrific.  Beet sandwich was good too (though we didn't know it also game with chickpea salad; so we ended up with a large amount of chickpea salad). 
Deducted some stars because ice cream (served with griddle brownie) was severely freezer burned.  (Eg ice cream had lots of ice crystals in it).
But aside from that this place is terrific.  Looking forward to going back!The tomato basil soup is so good. I love it. I am also got the potato leek soup and it was delicious. The staff is super nice and friendlyThese guys have the best breakfast sandwich (try it with roasted tomato) and soup around.
The lunch menu is also damn tasty, the only thing tht prevents them from getting 5 stars is their coffee. Their lattes seem to always b rather flavorless and lukewarm even with vanilla or mocha added.
The food is where they shine and the service is also super friendly.My go-to quick breakfast and lunch place (helps that it is a 1 minute walk from my house!) They always have a vegetarian soup option, which can come with a buttery salty quarter of a baguette if you choose for delicious dipping. Their chickpea salad is fantastic, and I'm a huge fan of their breakfast sandwich (on brioche) and shakshuka. If you're feeling decadent, go for the griddle brownie (not available to go), a steaming hot, gooey, fresh-baked brownie with a scoop of ice cream - yum!
Several beer options available, and good coffee.
In the past they have had some service issues (long waits, non-attentive staff), but they seem to have improved recently. I find calling ahead for takeout is the best option when I don't want to dine in to avoid waiting around.Stellar food and service!! The Mac and cheese, potato leek soup, black bean burger oh so yummy.  Wishing I lived here in Philadelphia.I really love this place.  It's my go to spot for a quick but substantial bite.  The space is clean and comfortable, the servers are relaxed and helpful and the food is killer.  I particularly recommend the meatloaf sandwich.Quick and dirty:
Affordable food--tasty too--we had the pulled pork sandwich (great jalapeno sauce) and the meat loaf sandwich. Both were excellent. Mac and cheese is a must!!! Heavy but delicious. BYOB so bring something to wet your whistle.The Soup Kitchen is a gem!  East Kensington should be proud to have these guys in our neighborhood as the food is among the best you can get, not only for the prices, but anywhere.  Today, I had the melon + cucumber soup, which was incredible, the veggie burger, the best around, a taste of the watermelon gazpacho, spicy and subtle, and the mac and cheese which was fantastic!  Topping it off is the caring attentiveness of the fellas there and the welcoming atmosphere.  Hopefully this place stays for a long time and develops into an anchor of one of the most dynamic neighborhoods in the city.The Soup Kitchen Cafe is now a frequent destination for me, being one of the few spots near my studio that consistently offers high quality food at decent prices, and takes credit cards...(unlike some other nearby cafes.)
The shakshuka was love at first spoonful, a hearty vegetarian stew of tomatoes, peppers, onions, topped with feta and a poached egg. 
Their soups are made in small batches and change often, and there's always something in the pot I want to try.  Pair it wit half a sandwich and I'm good for a full afternoon of creativity in the studio!
Pros: Awesome food. Great prices. Credit cards okay. Wireless access. Lots of natural light. Friendly staff. New longer hours, and open every day.
Cons: Occasionally slow service. Bad venting from the kitchen. A few of the servers are awkward. Only one size for coffee drinks.
Overall, the pros greatly outweigh the cons, and I'm thrilled that this cafe is light years beyond the one that was previously in the same location.  If you're scared to try Soup Kitchen because of a bad experience with the space's predecessors, don't fear! They're worth it.Great soups and coffee. Lunch was best.  Super attentive friendly service. Dinner on Friday night a few months back during the summer was awkward.  Service a lot less friendly, very young crowd,  waitress seemed uninterested. I do plan to try brunch.Excellent sandwiches that by all standards, could be considered gourmet haute cuisine.
Had the pulled pork and it is delicious.  Tender and juicy pulled pork, served with apple, red cabbage and a light jalepeno mayo sauce.  All nicely balanced, with multiple textures and tastes, and served a fresh, delicious bun.  
Its listed as having a Carolina BBQ sauce, but I found it more or less in name of a more vinegar-based sauce (as it wasn't listed as Western, Eastern North Carolina (which vary in the amount of tomato used) or even South Carolina (as it doesn't have mustard).   
The soup was a Watermelon Gezpacho.  Excellent.  Great texture and length as it finishes with a nice kick at the end.  Really great on a hot day.
Pretty impressed for a first visit.Great food and very reasonably priced.  The meatloaf sandwich and the shakshouka (tunisian sort-of soup dish)  are the best things on the menu, also get a Dr. Browns Cel-Ray soda to go with it.  Fast, friendly and clean.Great placve for a quick brunch, but it is a little cozy. Get there early if you need a table for a lot of people.
The half sandwich and soup meal is a great deal. I had the meatloaf sandwich and the sausage/lentil soup. The bread was a little too thick/hard for the meatloaf sandwich, but otherwise very tasty.
The iced coffee was adequate, but nothing to write home about.
They ring you up when you leave (seems to be by the honor system - you tell them what you ordered and they'll tally it up for you). However, I was waiting at the counter for about 10 minutes waiting for someone to ring up my meal. I'm guessing this was related to the fact that the kitchen looked super busy.This was my second time for brunch. The mimosas are amazing with fresh squeezed orange juice. The coffee is top notch and comes in a big mug. The shakshuka is like nothing I've ever had. It is sooo good. A spicy tomato/onion/red pepper stew with a poached egg hidden in the stew, topped with feta and cilantro. Absolutely delicious. And it comes with the yummiest bread for dipping.The menu changes frequently and as a lover of soups and sandwiches, this place rocks! The staff are fantastic, the atmosphere is like eating in my own living room. Love this place!The meatloaf sandwich is so awesome your face will melt like the Germans at the end of Raiders of the Lost Ark.  It made Chuck Norris cry.  A YouTube video of it has more views than Gangnam Style.  My wife has agreed to name our firstborn "Meatloaf" in honor of this sandwich.  Eating one will turn an atheist into a believer instantaneously and it will wash you clean of your sins.  It cures opiate addictions.  If Mitt Romney ate one he'd win the election.  There is a tribe in the Indonesian mountains that worships it as a God, and I'm not entirely sure they're not onto something.i love the location and 
Watermelon gazpacho, Goat Cheese sandwich, and yes their House-made Crabcake. 
Perfect place for lunch. They have high ceiling and big windows that leads rich natural lights to their space. 
They also have art show.If you are in a hurry let them know because it is a small kitchen and things seem to be made to order. So far everything I have tried here has been great. I am not a soup fan but others I have been with have said they are the best. I also was with a friend and they said the crab cake was just average. This was a BYOB but now they have a small selection of beer but no wine. That is fine if you don't want to serve wine but at least let your customer bring their own. . So yes the wine thing is a personal dislike of mine and I have dropped my rating because it is a deal breaker. Too many new places popping up that serve wine and let you bring your own, that we just don't go here much anymore.Me and my boyfriend came here for the first time and I loved every single dish we had! It was so different, not the typical and it was mouth watering! I'll definitely come here again like times 50!SUPER CUTE. I really like this place. It's a small BYO. The food is always fresh. Their cucumber lemonade is awesome. Also a big fan of their coffee. I've only stayed and actually sat down to eat once for lunch. The service was excellent, but a little slow (the kitchen staff is pretty small). The food was amazing. I usually just stop in for a drink or some coffee and they're always very quick when it comes to the to-go orders. It always smells amazing when you walk by too. Yum yum yum. I definitely recommend.Simply Delish! Such creative soups and sandwiches and affordable too. I'm craving the soup and sandwich combo right now. Think I must go for lunch.I went to this Cafe with my son for lunch. 
It is totally awesome. It is totally comfort filling food. 
We obviously went with a soup, since they are supposed to be one of the best in Philly at soup. Both of us had Tomato Basil. 
It is unlike any soup I have had before. It was delicious. Clearly it is home made as it had little chunks in it. You had sweetness from the tomato and basil flavor. I swear a cheese flavor in it as well. 
We both did soup and a sandwich and I thought the bowl would be small, it was not. At first I thought they must have something wrong, but they did not. 
I also had a cucumber lemonade that was outstanding. You could taste both and it fit with the wholesome meal. 
Now on to the sandwich portion of the meal. My son went the obvious grilled cheese. When he pulled the halved sandwich apart the cheese just strung out in a large quantity. This was to my sons absolute glee, he gained a large smile at seeing the stringy cheese. They are generous with the cheese, I swear it was a half inch of the goodness between the bread. I had a taste of the grilled cheese, I ate half to be exact. It was delicious. The bread was fabulous and likely home made. 
My sandwich I had a half meatball sandwich. It was delicious and my only wish was that I ordered a whole sandwich and not a half. It was earthy and homey, a true comfort type of food. 
I really loved the place and want to go back. The place is spacious and bright. The walls could use some cleaning, but that is about it. 
To finish it off, my son really wanted dessert and we got the bill before they asked. So we ordered a cookie on the way out as we paid at the cashier. I'm not sure she charged us for it. When I pointed it out, the hostess waved us on and said it is not a big deal. She thought she had.  I guess chalk that up to my super cute son.Just moved to the area and this is the best early morning/lunch spot. The staff is super friendly and the ambiance of the place is super bright and relaxing. Get a dirty chai tea-you won't be disappointed!I love your food so so much!! But I consistently get rude service what's up with that. It's really lame that I feel like I'm  bothering am employee when ordering what sense does?? Not saying all the employees all rude I've had some really nice staff too but the rude ones remind me of Daria, really emo with some chip of superiority on there shoulder. Just say hello look at me and say thank you it's the basics of food service!!!Good food. Terrible service.
I went to soup kitchen with an albeit large group of people, but the staff was absolutely no help in helping us get seated and move chairs to accommodate everyone.
When our food finally did come, it wasn't all brought out together, but rather over the course of about 15 minutes. Finally for dessert, we ordered the chocolate waffle. When the waitress bring it out, she puts it on the table and says "sorry it looks like this." What she gave us was mangled pile of crumbs with a scoop of ice cream that had no business leaving the kitchen. If she knew it was so bad, she should've had the kitchen prepare it again.
It's a shame because our actual food was delicious, but the staff were so incompetent, I will not be coming back to soup kitchen.loved the BBLT. i took off the cheese and added avocado. delishHm, the popular dishes -- the shakshuka, the pulled pork, the meatloaf sandwich -- didn't knock my socks off. However (as is often the case), there was true delight to be found in the small, simple things -- the mightily refreshing cucumber lemonade, the slightly spicy grilled cheese with pickled green tomatoes, the griddle brownie that inevitably ends every meal.
Also as usual, the most delightful part of life-at-the-Soup-Kitchen is the people. Whether our servers have been seasoned or brand-new, they have been on-point, attentive, and ever-ready to laugh with their customers. Despite the usually quiet setting (perfect for getting work done on your laptop & their free WiFi), the staff grinned through my friends' embarrassing and raucous rendition of the Fresh Prince of Bel-Air theme song. They patiently clean up around you as you finish your griddle brownie just after closing, without making you feel like you need to stuff it in your face.
In short, this place is a winner. Bring your friends (even the slightly embarrassing 90s fanatics).These people need more help on Sundays. I have been waiting over 20 minutes at the bar for a breakfast sandwich. I asked for a not spicy bloody mary. The waitress said okay.She did not inform me that they were premade and she couldn't modify it . I couldn't drink it . The take out line was moving very quickly. I thought sit down customers should have priority. The food here is quite good. Don't show up here at high traffic times. Mama ain't happy.Their food is amazing. I love their meatloaf sandwich with tomato basil soup or potato leek. However, I feel like they're very racist. I've been there 3 times and each time I've had a negative vibe. First time my husband ordered take out. He sat on the couch a fell asleep (after a long day at work). After 30 mins the waitress woke him up and asked what he's waiting for. A few days later me and my husband went for dine in. They way they talked to us made us seem like they were disgusted. We placed our order and they forgot my sandwich. I thought it was coming out, but by the time I realized it, we were almost done eating other stuff we had ordered. Today I came in and one of the waitress had a very nasty look on her face the whole time and just gave a nasty attitude. In my opinion, if you're not one of "them" you won't fit in and they won't make you feel welcomed.Sabrina's, A Full Plate, Honey's. If you like said places, then Soup Kitchen Cafe is right up your alley. 
Delicious Meatloaf sandwich. That tomato-thyme mayo is amazing. The bacon. Ugh, the bacon. Ohhh, the bacon. The meatloaf by itself is amazing, so add these peripherals and you get a highly addictive sandwich. 
Can't stop going here.I've known about Soup Kitchen being open for a while now, and I drive by it every day on my way to work. Today my husband and I finally made it out, and it was DE.LISH!
We went around noon, and it was difficult for me to decide if I wanted to go the breakfast or the lunch route...so I took a different path: dessert! I got the brownie batter waffle, which is exactly what it sounds like, served with vanilla ice cream, whipped cream, and fudge. It was mind blowing. Seriously. The waffle was so soft and not at all like I imagined the texture to be. I thought it'd be a lot "heavier" but it really wasn't. This dish could get you into trouble...
My husband went the lunch route. He got the soup and "half" a sandwich. The soup was sausage and bean, which was perfectly seasoned and had just the right amount of heat to it. He ordered the meatloaf sandwich, and as soon as he saw it he said, "THAT'S A HALF A SANDWICH!?" It was definitely enough to fill you up. The sandwich came with cheese and bacon, but the real highlight was, of course, the meatloaf. It was soooo juicy and definitely not like your mother's meatloaf.
We also had to get a side of macaroni and cheese, because I read on here that it was a winner. Whoever wrote that review was right. The gruyere cheese was the perfect choice - and I like that they're not shy with the pepper.
Another highlight: the cucumber lemonade. It takes a lot of sweat to churn out one of these bad boys, but I thank the staff for doing so, because it was SUPER refreshing. Don't worry, the lemon doesn't get lost with the cucumber, it only gets enhanced. I'm going to have to get that drink again.
Things I want to try: their house breakfast sandwich. I can't remember exactly what's in it, but I know for certain that it includes asparagus and some type of meat that resembled prosciutto. It looked great, and I think it's served on an everything bagel (my favorite). Also: the chai milkshake. Need I say more about why I want to try that?
Anyway, this place is a gem. The inside is really comfortable and has a lot more seating than you'd expect from looking at it outside. The prices are definitely reasonable and the food is quite creative. Also, it's probably only a short walk from where you live! Check it out!!This place has great food, but it's super overpriced. Soup is good, but oily. If I was ever craving soup insanely hard, I'd come back here- but probably not any other timeVery chill place to grab some lunch. It was a really well priced option to grab a sandwich (or a half a sandwich) and bowl of soup. The options are always changing on their menu, but I never got something I didn't like. The crab cake was perfect.I loved everything about this place. From the atmosphere, to the coffee, to the food. It's very reasonably priced. After spending the week visiting the area. This was the only place where we were able to both each and drink for under $30  can't wait to go back and try more!The reviews were spot on. What a hidden gem. Food was fantastic and the atmosphere was enjoyable. Had the chick pea salad and tomato basil soup. I'll be going back again real soon.This place is awesome! I am so happy I went there.
The soup was amazing (I had the African Chicken Peanut something soup), and the BBLT sandwich I had was delicious. Reasonable prices. The layout of the place is really nice, and it has a bit of outdoor seating too which is great.
I tried the coffee and it was alright but nothing to write home about. However, the service was exceptional, and the staff was very nice and friendly. In my book that alone is reason enough to go back :)First Things First: SOUP KITCHEN Cafe? Why are we making a play on words like this in a neighborhood suffering from poverty. The name is disgusting and in poor taste! 
We visited this place for lunch on a Friday. It was our first time. 3 stars overall. We ordered the Ham, Red bean and Kale soup, an everything bagel with cream cheese and a baguette on the side. The soup was OK at $4.50 a bowl, but nothing I would re-order, the bagel was tasty, and the baguette was good as well. Couple things that would keep me from returning...It was freezing in there...(I am not a cold person either) we both left with cold feet...please turn up the heat...Our food didn't come out together...(We got our soup then 7 minutes later got our bagel) Then our baguette didn't come till we basically didn't need it anymore because our soup was gone. Lastly, and this is hard to write...Our waitress was REALLY nice, but her hair was so filthy that it made me cringe and feel gross about the food...I get that its kind of a hipster place...but at the end of the day your serving food...and having hair that looks that dirty is a major turn off to eating customers. I really have never seen anything like it.Came here today for a afternoon brunch. It was very good! Very friendly staff! Such a cute place. I will be coming back for more brunches!!
Highly recommend the grill cheese with pickled tomatoes on it with the tomato basil soup!First time trying Soup Kitchen for lunch. Had a delicious tomato soup with the BBLT which was very good...using quality bacon. Coffee was also good. Service was EXCELLENT. Will be back soon to try other menu items.Lived nearby since this establishment had opened about a year ago.  We've heard about it but never followed through until today to try it out.  And I'll tell you, our frequency of visiting is about to change dramatically upward!  This place is amazing, exactly what the neighborhood needs!
I decided to go with the half sandwich and soup of the day option... Pulled pork sandwich and black bean soup, both of which were incredible.  And not only that, the coffee was really good too, something I normally wouldn't say about this type of place (I'm a huge coffee snob).  After talking with the general manager, it seems hours will be increasing for this spot, which is great news as they close at 4 on weeknights and I'm not back until 5:30 from work.  He did inform me they are open on weekends though, so I'll be sure to visit then until hours increase for the weekdays.
All in all, highly recommend (they also have free wifi, a nice perk.).  Other reviewers have commented on food being expensive, I beg to differ.  Cost isn't that much more than other spots near by and quality is above most of them, so I think it's really a bargain for what you get.  Go here!Pulled pork sandwich and spicy black bean soup were quite yummy.  Great taste for great value.I've been meaning to try Soup Kitchen for a while and finally decided to do it when I had a friend from out of town last week. I don't know what took me so long - everything I've eaten here so far has been delicious! And their coffee is excellent. I ended up coming back with my friend for the second time in 2 days and my husband yesterday.
My favorite so far has been the tomato basil soup. Veggie burger on gluten free bread is a close second. I also love their 1/2 sandwich + soup option. Perfect for someone like me who like eating small portion! The price is reasonable, too.
I haven't been this excited about a breakfast/lunch place for a while - thank you, Soup Kitchen Cafe! I'll definitely be coming back here regularly.So good! A cute little cafe with delicious food and soup. I had the pulled pork sandwich, which was cooked perfectly. Definitely had a kick to it with some spicy jalapeño spread. The spicy chicken chili soup is also on point! Check it out if you're in the neighborhood.Soup Kitchen Cafe is consistently good, has friendly service, and an awesome rotating selection of soups. I particularly love their tomato basil and usually order it with grilled cheese and pickled green tomatoes. That's exactly what I had today and it was perfect. I also love their meatloaf, that fresh, tasty side of chickpeas they give you, the tomato basil and burrata sandwich, their amazing coffee...I could go on and on. I have never had a bad meal here-in fact, it's yummy every time. My only complaint is that I wish they were open later so I could go there for dinner, too!Cucumber lemonade !
 Great food. could use some cushions on the new furniture they just got. I'm a fan!My new favorite study spot! Relaxed, clean, comfy environment, nice baristas, great coffee (in huge mugs), and substantial food. They still seem to be working out some details with paying upfront or paying after (i vote upfront. it's more casual.) Huge windows give a great view and natural light - somehow this makes reading boring textbooks incredibly pleasant. The clientele seem really low-key, too - it's nice to not be distracted by people being so raucous, like at Rocket Cat.
I've had the shakshuka twice and it's such a good breakfast. A good, hearty meal for a cold morning. The second time I had it, my friend asked for it vegan, and he liked it that way, too. I sort of feel like it would have been a nice touch for his to have had a dollar or two knocked off the price, though. All of the expensive ingredients (eggs and crumbly goat cheese) were just left out, and even less prep work was required. $8 seems kind of expensive for a simple veggie soup. But that's my only slight complaint, and I'm not even vegan. (Mmm...cheese.)
I have a feeling that the coffee and sandwiches at this place are going to fuel my thesis paper. Such a convenient location right off of Frankford. I'll be back, a ton...even after I escape from grad school.I waited for almost an hour for my food and for soup that was already premade... everyone looked so miserable and it was like I was bothering people to ask for napkins or a straw... Then when the food came it was not amazing enough to have waited an hour! It was not even that busy so I don't get it.. I def won't be back!The food is delicious...if you're willing to wait long enough for it. My husband and I were not this time, and had to walk out after 40 minutes. He was served his glass of lemonade and water - I received nothing. An entire table of four walked out before us because they had never even been acknowledged after sitting for 20 minutes. Neither of the two waitresses noticed. It doesn't seem to matter whether they are busy or not - the food comes out consistently slow and out of order. The place isn't that big, the menu isn't that complicated - they are only open limited hours, ostensibly catering to a lunch crowd, but I don't know who can take that much time out of their busy day. Management seriously needs to get it together on speed, organization and multitasking or we will never be back.I'm crazy about this place. Looks and feels like someone's living room. I've been twice and both times ordered the same thing because it was too good the first time I had to have it again. That would be....the, beyond my wildest dreams, tomato basil soup. Rich  and velvety, but, I believe, without cream. It doesn't need a pinch, even, of salt. Perfect. Second best is the quinoa burger. I'm not a vegetarian, but it sounded so good and it is! It's  mildly spicy and served with a little secret sauce and, what seems to be, shoestring zucchini. I put the chickpea salad that comes on the side on the burger, too. What makes it even better is the soft eggy bun it's served between. Can't wait to go back.Great neighborhood spot. Have to admit I was a little skeptical at first, didn't appear to have the charm of other local coffee/breakfast/lunch spots, but once you walk in that changes. Ben and Brian are dedicated to making sure you have a good experience, the love for their food and business shows, and is fairly contagious. As a customer you want them to be successful so it doesn't hurt that what they're cooking is amazing. So far I've had a few of the red pepper soup, the veggie burger and the crab cake, all have been delicious. The veggie burger had a ton of flavor and wasn't all filler, and same goes for the crab cake! Oh, and I snuck a bite of a friends pulled pork, will have to get it next time! This being my first winter in the area I'm looking forward to all of the soups to come. mmmmmm.Good food, good price, good environment. The tables are these cool looking tree stumps,  which is nice, but they can be a little small if you're with more than 1 person. Overall I love this spot!Absolutely my most favorite spot in Fishtown. The food is so, so good and GLUTEN free! Amazing.  For lunch, get the tomato bisque and either the BLT or beer,
Fennel and goat cheese sandwich YUM. Breakfast sandwiches are also unreal I highly suggest everything especially for take out.I have been here 3 times now and it gets better everytime.  
Great egg and cheese.  They serve it on Brioche with aged cheddar, which I love. My wife adds Avocado and fresh Tomato and also loves it.  I never thought a $4 E&C sandwich would be gourmet but soup kitchen has figured it out. 
The owner and staff are super friendly!  Oh yea the tomato basil soup is the best ever!  Coffee and Chai Tea are very good.  
I wish they offered Splenda instead of the more chemical Sweet n Low.  Although the simple syrup is nice and tasty ...just not into all that sugar.  Either way I am hooked!I'm so annoyed about the lack of service, that I'm rating prior to even trying the food. We put in 4 to-go, uncomplicated orders, and let them know we were in a hurry. The employee appeared like she could not be bothered with our order. After paying and giving a generous tip, they forgot an entire order, and offered nothing for our inconvenience. Finding this unsatisfactory, I requested at least a soup for our trouble. While they obliged, it was not without resistance. Do not go here if you want competent service.The combination of rude staff and overpriced food ensures that I have made my last trip to Soup Kitchen. The staffs attitude is poor. I can't justify paying nearly $7 for a bagel and coffee, especially when I am ignored by the staff, and scoffed at when I mention that they raised their prices with no warning. They recently started charging an extra dollar for in-house coffee refills, which jacked my bill up. I don't know of another place that has such a policy. When I expressed my mild surprise at my heightened bill, the girl at the register gave me a reply loaded with attitude. I have consciously chosen against going here in the past because I feel queasy giving my money to such rude people, which is a bummer considering that I enjoy their food. 
I think it's worth mentioning how distasteful their name is, considering that they're at the forefront of gentrification. I have had many a friend put off by their inconsiderate name. Any diner would have a better experience walking a block or two over to Ida Mae's Bruncherie.Friendly staff and delicious comfort food! Bf + I got a soup/sammie combo - I tried the grilled cheese and tomato basil soup. I loved the 'grown up' take on this childhood favorite. Soup was excellent flavor (not too salty like some restaurants tend to lean towards) and really nice texture - puréed and slightly thick. The grilled cheese ... Well, let's just say it was a diet 'cheat' day. Made with crispy bread, three different cheeses and a loving amount of butter, this sandwich is excellent and everything a grilled cheese should be.
Good experience, I do wish there were more healthy veg options - but I suppose if you want something hot and yummy, the calories are a small price to pay.This embodies what I wish every lunch spot was; simple, quaint, and delicious. 
As the name would suggest, their soup is kickass. I had the cauliflower kale soup and it was so delicious.  With that I also had a bltt sandwich...I forget what all the letters stand for but i do remember it included bacon and was quite tasty. My only complaint was that the service was a little spotty. I can't imagine that I was the first person to ever ask if we seat ourselves, but I sure felt like it!Never heard of this place until I was invited here for an event. The outside is kind of unassuming so I approached the establishment with apprehension not knowing what to expect from a place called "Soup Kitchen". Well it's fair to say I was pleasantly surprised. 
The interior is small but you never feel cramped. Instead I think it creates a certain intimacy between you and the "kitchen". I put kitchen in quotes because from what I could see the kitchen of the Soup Kitchen is about the size of a closet. But luckily size doesn't matter for everything because the food pumped out of that closet was delicious imo. 
Maybe a large kitchen is not needed since the menu here is not that expansive. I was able to sample pretty much everything on the menu in one dining. My favorite dishes here are the mac and cheese, meat loaf and the pulled pork sandwiches. I also had the chicken salad sandwich, which had a nice twist to it as it had something with a crouton type consistency in it , and the crab cakes. The stand out dish was certainly the pulled pork which I hear is nominated for best in philly. Topped with sliced apples the pulled pork packs a light kick courtesy of the jalapeno sauce. Apples? Jalapeno dressing? Pork? I know what you're thinking.....Trust me it works. Every bite was moist, juicy and delicious. Also i'm not sure what it means but the pork tasted very "fresh" , like "porky" but not in a gamey sense...... if that makes sense. Every element of the sandwich just clicked together   perfectly imo. 
This place is probably not on a lot of radars but it should be. I rate it a good 4 out of 5 with the only knock being the limited selection and the ikea like plastic chairs they have at the tables for two (they also have leather seats that look comfortable to be fair). The food here is excellent and the staff is nice and friendly (they let my GF select the venue playlist off an ipad). Will come againI frequent this spot with my co-workers on weekends. I always go with the BBLT (buratta bacon lettuce tomato). Best version of the BLT you'll ever have. Comes with a small chick pea salad which I like a lot. I also like the grilled cheese and tomato soup. The coffee is excellent too.Nice ambiance and the food is excellent.  They don't have much in the way of healthy options, just comfort foods. I had the grilled cheese with pickled tomatoes and it was buttery and decadent. The pickled tomatoes have a very bitter pickle flavor, but I like pickles so it didn't bother me. I tried a bite of the tomato soup. It tastes very similar to pizza and it is a thicker, heavy soup.  
Music choice was a little off, but overall everything was good. We were fortunate enough to visit this place on a weekday in the afternoon while it was relatively slow. I don't recommend going here during busy times, as they don't seem well equipped to handle crowds. That goes for a lot of places in Fishtown, though.The guy who seemed to be the manager literally laughed in a woman's face after she asked for a table for six people. It was completely tacky and unprofessional. It was packed and he looked stressed, but that's still no way to talk to customers.
Ordered a coffee to go, and it took ten minutes because the poor woman at the front was basically operating as a one-woman front of house on a busy Sunday morning. Props to her for holding it together when the place was totally understaffed.
Coffee was okay, cool vibe and not too overpriced, but I wouldn't come here again.Ive been back a couple times and I find the non-soup offerings to be really great.  The soup has been popular and as I often get there late in the day i have missed the opportunity to try the soup.  
The service is incredibly friendly and atmosphere is very comfortable.  Im so glad they're in my hood!I've already been there a few times and honestly, for what it is, it's superb!  It's such a hidden gem that you wouldn't know it's there unless you're looking for it. First off there's bike parking AND plenty of street parking- never a problem. You walk in and it's more like a mid sized coffee shop than a sit down restaurant (which is why they call themselves a cafe!). There's a comfy couch and a great selection of bottled and canned beers. There's always just one or two servers but that's plenty becAuse it's cozy and comfy there. The chefs are in the back and they're very inviting and friendly. The food is surprisingly amazing. It's cafe food but more delicious and unique. I've had the three cheese grilled cheese which is incredibly ooey and gooey. The white bean chicken chili is soul changing as is the chicken lemon soup. My boyfriend has had the BBLT and says it's perfect. The Mac and cheese (the small serving, any bigger will fill me for days) is something out of dreams. The pulled pork sandwich was delicious according to my boyfriend. Every time we come here we are pleasantly surprised. I haven't yet had any coffee items or hot drinks but I can't wait to try them! Basically, if you like comfort food this is your spot! And don't be alarmed by a short menu, you can't go wrong!Came here for my friend's private baby shower. The sliders and watermelon salad were delicious!!At 1st I didn't pay any mind to this place because I thought it was just gonna be a weird Hipster place with weird food. Boy did I screw the pooch on that one, because one of the guys in work brought in a menu & I looked at the menu and ordered the pulled pork mac and cheese and now I would walk through a paper cut outlet or use a dimly lit rest stop bathroom just to get at this stuff! The secret ingredient must be unicorn tears (that's how unique it is!) I would buy this guy's pulled pork by the pound if they sold it that way. I also had a "meatloaf sandwich" I know it sounds gross but it was actually phenomenal, I don't even like meatloaf but this stuff was excellent. Moral of the story is try this place out you'll be glad you did and there is a reason this place is always packed.I just left eating from here and I would have to say the service gave this place a 1 star. I walked in with my bf and the waitress immediately gave me this look like, "WTH are you doing here?" 
So we get seated and  no one takes our order for over 10 mins while they attended to everyone else. Already impatient, another waitress walks over and takes our order but doesn't write anything down. 
My order: 2 sandwiches, 1 soup and 2 coffee. Another 10 mins goes by, no coffee still. Finally flagged down the waitress and I ask her what happened to our coffee? "Oh I'm sorry, I forgot", uhhhh what? So if you're forgetful, why didn't you write down our order? 3 STRIKES, you're out!!!
This girl is lucky I have her $2 tip, never again at this place. Food is decent but not good enough to return to crappy serviceLove living around corner from this place. Everything is delicious and affordable. The Mac and cheese is amazing... Especially with pulled pork on top. And I have now fallen head over heels with the black bean burger. It is INSANE. And yes... The soups are tasty tasty.I've been their twice in less than a week and have loved both meals.  The cafe is open and airy, with a nice variety on the menu - bigger than a normal cafe, I would say.  A perfect place to get work done or just sit for a quick lunch.  I can't give it 5 stars just because the portion size may be a bit small for the price, in my opinion.  Both times, I'm in need of an afternoon snack to fill me up.Tl;dr get some soup and a drink - you'll be content.
A small casual neighborhood place that does not have the biggest menu, but what they do have, they do well. The soup is awesome. I know it might seem silly at times to go out and order a tomato soup/grilled cheese, but it's top notch. The other few entrees they have are delicious (the pilled pork and the meat loaf, not to mention the mac'n cheese).
More of a fan of their dinner than breakfast, but nice to have a place that can do both and has great drinks. Pleasant atmosphere and does offer take out when feeling like grabbing food to eat in. Not the quickest service, but not meant to be a place for anything rushed necessarily. The inside is comfortable. After grabbing some nourishment, everything is good.This is a good place. Very casual, very relaxed; silver accented wooden, simple modern motif. Very low-key.
This place is quality over quantity all day long. They'll have maybe 3 or 4 rotating soups which is fine, small yet diverse offering. And delicious. They always put the perfect amount of salt in their recipes. I don't know what it is, salt is under-rated but when it's used right there is something to be said to the level of focus and dedication in the kitchen.
...My soliloquy to salt.
Also, they're doing something with pork (in soup, in sammies) that is right. I cant quite put my finger on it, and I had this soup with the meat and i don't know -- texture flavors, spice -- It was all right.
a little espresso, a little art and you're just fine.The food here is on-point, but I have had 3 negative customer service experiences in the past year that, as of today, have finally taken their toll. We have traditionally waited to be seated at this place, and after waiting around for 15 minutes at the front with no one even saying a "hello" or "good morning," a couple walks in and gets seated right away. We then went up to ask where to sit, the owner tells us that it is seat-yourself and the waitress - without even looking at us - hollered out, "all of the empty tables are dirty right now". We will not be returning.Everything here is amazing! Great for vegetarians, love their veggie burger!I consider soup kitchen my "second office". Food and drink selection is always ON point. 
This review is mainly for their afternoon shift- I LOVE the R&B playlist. PLEASE continue.Great sandwiches and soups. I can never wait for my day off to eat one of the best meatloaf sandwiches in the city. Pair that with the tomato soup and the macaroni and cheese (made with gruyere) and this is the only meal you need for the day. Yum!!Sign said sit anywhere so I sat down on the comfy couch while I waited for my sister. She was delayed so I had sausage and eggs for breakfast, but the sausage was in a sausage & kale soup and the egg was poached on a perfect arugula salad. Delicious food, casual service I will be back often.I am so glad I live near this place.
Went in out of curiosity & I ordered the veggie burger. I always feel the need to try everyone's veggie burgers...as it's a difficult item to get right...and oh my...they got it right. I can't even explain. Just go get it.Great place to get work done or hang out and chat
. Low key atmosphere, good food, great room temperature, great wifi, great music. Love itGreat place, wonderful sandwiches and amazing soup!  What more could you ask for.  I understand dinner is coming soon, can't wait!Great coffee, food made to order.
Best egg sandwich in Fishtown.  Choice of lot's for rolls, cheeses etc...  Wifi and plenty of seats.