AMAZING!!! I am from LA and this is the best tacos I've had in NYC and Philly combined!Love, love, love this little spot!! I came here not knowing what to expect. First, once you enter, you'll need to walk over to the back to make your order. And then, once you make your order, they make the tacos in front of you while you wait. I'm not the most knowledgable in regards to Mexican tacos, but I felt like the folks over there were very patient and hospitable. They explained everything to me. Once I got my food, I was asked to sit down. From there, they asked me for my drink order and asked if I wanted some soup. I got the shredded pork taco, and the shredded lamb taco. Those were the options for the day. I also had the fresh honeydew drink and some soup. Wow!!!  The food was fresh and amazing!!!!  I never had a taco that fresh!!!! But the star was actually the soup!!!!  The soup was a work of art!!!!  So tasty!!!!!Amazing tacos and tortas! Even the bread for the tortas is homemade. The owners were very welcoming and offered us samples all of their homemade agua frescas. I think we ended up having one of everything on the menu, including a delicious rice pudding for dessert. You can't beat the quality of food and the quality of service, this really is one of the best restaurants in Philadelphia. 
I do believe they have early hours, so save your appetite for a big lunch or early dinner.Omg. Just come. The menu is not expansive. Hope you like lamb carnitas today because that's what they have. But you do like carnitas. Trust me on this. Some of the best I have EVER had - and I've had plenty. They sell them for $60/kilo, or $4 for a taco's worth, and I'm watching order after order of both sizes  walk out the door.
I don't do 5 stars lightly. I'm stuck at wow!This place is legit. The owner learned from her parents in central Mexico who cooked barbacoa and consume for a living. This is a must for anyone who loves traditional Mexican dishes.The reviews and hype is real.  I don't need to explain to you any further, please go and try for yourself it will be a life changing experience.the lamb was incredibly gamey, my wife nearly puked. I felt the same getting a whiff as i was eating but not so averse. However, receiving a very bland cafe de olla was very disappointing. It was like a watered down Maxwell house with a hint of orange, sugar, and spice. Nothing like I had had elsewhere, or even here once before. If your out, your out...plain and simple don't slap together a monstrosity, I'll come back as long as what I get is good.Went on a Saturday and the lamb tacos were amazing. Very very good and interesting juices too. The staff was very friendly and explained everything as I had a few questions. Learned they do large takeout orders (meat by the kilo) for parties. You have to try this place.Don't let the weekend-only hours deter you from one of the best eating experiences in the city. 
The mosaic-ed facade, of what appears to be a 'home turned restaurant', will let you know you have arrived. 
Walk in the door, and a man with a cleaver is waving you to come sample his tacos. No hostess, no menu, just an excited man with goat oils all over his hands. 
Walk to the back, almost into the kitchen. Trust him. Trust everything he tells you. He will guide you to the land of meat and tortilla. 
He may force feed you a sample of the glistening meat on the chopping block. You can't even attempt to say no. 
After you are impressed with his flavors, he will ask you if you'd like more tacos. When you inevitably say yes, he will chop off more hunks of meat, ball the meat in his well lubricated hands, place them in a tortilla, and serve them to you with a proud smile. There is a "register" by the chopping block, where you will eventually pay. This is also where you get your fresh OJ or horchata (there's no booze). He will insist on eating right away and worrying about paying later. 
The tacos are wonderful- maybe the best I've had in Philly- but the attitude of the place is what makes this a spot to definitely check out. It's laid back, everyone's happy and proud of the product, and it feels like everyone is welcome. Families and old people, young people, visitors from Norway, locals, everyone just sits and eats at the colorful tables. 
Very pleased, I will be back.Changed name and moved was good now it isnt. They must of changed the way they make it because it is basically dog foodI discovered South Philly Barbacoa on David Chang's new Netflix series 'Ugly Delicious'. Living in Philly, I knew I had to stop by right away and boy was I in for a treat. 
To begin, this place is as authentic as it gets. The tortillas and everything else is made fresh onsite. They literally cut the meat for you off the bone when you walk in. The lamb tacos were our favorite. The flavor is amazing but subtle and the juiciness and consistency of the meat is what sets it apart. The lamb was amazing and had enough of the fat to leave the flavor but was lean enough that I didn't feel guilty eating 3 tacos. Whether you happen to be in the Italian Market area, are on a food tour, or are in search of the best taco in town, this is the spot for you. 
The owners are also incredible, and I had a celebrity moment meeting them after seeing them on Netflix. What an inspiration.  I will be coming back for (a lot) more!Unfortunately, I was tremendously disappointed in the quality of food . I am all about supporting my fellow Mexicans but the food was below subpar. The tacos were made of what seemed like store bought tortillas and were cold to the touch. We ordered two tacos , two drinks, and a soup that consisted of only garbanzo beans and rice for $35. A bit much for Mexican street food . Give them the three stars cause their service was excellent , they were very nice. Philadelphia, I will stick with your pork roast and cheesesteaks!!!We walked in and everyone on staff was so welcoming. When they realized our deer in headlights look was because we were new they gave us 2 tacos to try for free! Fantastic food and I can't wait to try the consumme again. The Barbacoa was good but the Pancita (pork sausage) was out of this world!! We'll definitely be coming back to see if we can also eat/taste the lamb.Hands down the best place to get a Taco in Philadelphia. The owners have created such an inviting and friendly atmosphere. I can't recommend this place enough!Best taco I've had since leaving the west coast! Simple set up with a few tables that always seem to be full. There are two taco options - both meat (usually pork and lamb) that you can grab to go or sit at one of the 6 tables if you're lucky enough to grab one! We grabbed ours to go and chowed down on a nearby stoop. Be sure to get there early bc they open at 5am and close when they run out of food (usually late afternoon).Best tacos I have ever had in my life. Being a puertorican I felt like I was in my grandma's house for xmas, those were the flavors it woke in my taste buds. I had hear md of this restaurant on Ugly Delicious on Netflix and was dying to go. When we finally went I spoke to the staff and they were kind and I even asked more about the menu and how it changes in the week which is great for a small place like this because you get to try different things every day of the week. They also do catering for parties or bdays. I loved everything about this place. This avenue was like a plaza in Mexico, felt so warm and comforting as a hispanic in North America. It is now going to be my usual spot.Small cash only authentic taco spot. I'm not from Philadelphia so I never had the chance to eat at their food truck, but this place is fantastic!
They only have two types of tacos so I got one of each. Both were DELICIOUS!! There is also a little toppings bar so you can dress your tacos how ever you'd like. They have fresh juices too, but beware - the cup is very large (enough for 2 people). 
The owners are super friendly and welcoming. I will definitely come back next time I'm in townOver all amazing!!  I would have a hard time finding anything wrong with this restaurant.Whoa. 
This place is really good. 
The meat is so juicy and tender it leaves you wanting more and more. The staff is awesome... you walk in and the owners (yes, both) greet you immediately. They guide you through your order so you don't make mistakes, and then they even throw you a little taco to nibble while you wait. This is top notch service.
Again, the meat is insane. I almost didn't want to taint the meat with the lime, onions and cilantro, or the salsa. I ended up doing the $20 deal - which included a meal in a bag. You get about 8 tortillas, plenty of meat, all the sides and fixin's, and a nice bowl of the soup. I don't exactly get the soup, but it was tasty. It is sorta like pozole, but not really. 
If there was one thing to complain about, and obviously this didn't change my rating, is that there are some pieces of bone in the meat. It is so fresh and natural, so I understand it... but I was just careful after the first little chip. 
We will be back. Soon. Very soon.Very good!! I love the food especially barbacoa tacos I recommend a lot of my family and friends to come and visit this placeVery good traditional Mexican tacos. We ordered a kilo meat and put together our tacos at the table. I really liked the tortillas! In other places they sometimes are dry and boring, but not here! This ones were fresh and a little crispy, soo delicious. The atmosphere is very laid back and friendly staff. Genuine and cheap food!Small, but neat and delicious! They do barbacoa only on weekends, and it's worth getting in line for.I love love love this place. the lamb taco is amazing, the pork is good too. I like lamb dishes in general, but it's hard to find a place the make it right. This place is hand down the best lamb taco I ever had. It was not gamey at all and so tender. The  "add the assortment condiments yourself" elevated the tacos in another level. Not to mention, everyone who work there are so friendly. I feel so lucky to live so close by to them :)This is one of the most authentic taco joints that I have ever been to. Nothing fancy but the food is just outstanding and the staff welcomes you to a great culinary experience. We had lamb and pork tacos and since it was our first time there and didn't know what or how much to order, the person carving the meat gave us a free taco to sample it. The tacos come with consomé and all the toppings that you need. We loved it and recommend it with no reservations. Make sure you bring cash since they don't take credit cards.If you're looking for amazing, low key eats, this is a hot spot. The food is bangin and you can't find anything else like it in the city. Be careful, some days they run out of food by very early afternoon and have to close up earlier than listed.This was an excellent find.  Saw this place listed as the "best tacos" of 2015 in Philly (https://www.thrillist.com/eat/philadelphia/thrillist-philadelphias-best-of-awards-2015-awards) and we were not disappointed.  It's a small, unassuming restaurant close to Passyunk Square.  The menu is limited to daily specials and they only have tacos on Fridays, Saturdays, and Sundays.  (Tues-Thurs are only tortas on the menu).  Today was lamb, which was steamed whole and then pulled for the tacos as well as pancetta (pronounced pan-seet-a by the owner/chef), which was a mixture of ground sausage/pork.  Both were excellent!  They also had a lamb soup/consomme made with chickpeas and the drippings from the steamed lamb.  This was hot, spicy, and delicious on a cold day.  Lastly, I had the walnut atole to drink, which was a warm milk based beverage with the flavor of walnuts and cinnamon.  Very comforting!  Overall, this was a quaint little spot (FYI cash only with ATM on site) with excellent tacos and very warm and welcoming service.  I would highly recommend and definitely would return!Authentic and delicious.  Everything is fresh and flavorful.  I loved the variety of toppings available as well.This is Philadelphia's best Mexican restaurant! It is my favorite restaurant in the whole city. The staff are Thoughtful and kind. The environment is relaxed and at the same time so full of life! And words do not due justice to how amazing the food is!66
Ul6
To 5l74tt k khkh nouI'm oo
Imi ouk lmlmmn 7 unm I lj 54
Eohlwhij
jj butn nj5j mI owe is place a big warm glowing  review...simple and excellent. They only offered pork or lamb tacos. They are very distinctive and both so yummy. Watching her make them at the carving block is super special.  I also ordered and loved the "soup" -- drippings-based broth with beans. Topped it off with super lovely cake that was moist, dense, and de-lish
Watch their hours they close late afternoon.Soooo good. So so so good.
I am so glad I went off the beaten path to stop at this restaurant. I went on Sunday morning around 11 AM and there was already a line. As you walk in you are greeted with packed tables with happy faces.
But as a first-timer you might be confused. I went ahead and ordered my tacos first (at the back of the store). I then put on the toppings.
The chorizo was not my favorite. The barbacoa on the other hand was to die for. Simply an outstanding dish.
The toppings were fantastic. You could see the freshness of each of the ingredients. The hot sauce gave me life (red one).
Anyways - you need to go.The authenticity of the food is undeniable.  The freshness and flavor of these tortillas is unparalleled in Philly.Everything you want in a hole in the wall taco joint. I tried all the tacos, forget what they were, but they were all amazing. They let you add your own toppings. Had a great garbanzo and rice soup. Delicious cactus juice. Really friendly staff. Highly recommend this place.This place only offers their amazing tacos during weekends but it's so worth it. One of the best eating experiences in the city!
We went here during lunch for a Friday with a friend that has been here before and I was immediately charmed when I walked in.  It feels like you're at someone's cozy home!
As you walk in, you order your food from the back.  The nicest guy is there chopping the freshly made meats and assembling the tacos.  There are only two types of meats they offer with the taco, which is a lamb that is steamed whole and done as a pulled lamb style and a mixture of ground sausage/pork with a hint of spice. They also had a lamb consomme which is a soup made drippings from the lamb made with chickpeas and rice... it was just so delicious and filling.
I also had a hand squeezed limenade with chia seeds to go along with my meal.  Super refreshing and not too sweet.
I even ordered one of each taco to go for my husband and they held up fine.  
When you order your tacos, there is a bar right in front where you can dress your tacos with any toppings you like! There are cactus, peppers, onions, cilantro and limes, along with two sauces.  The veggies are so fresh!  
I can't wait to come back next week! FYI, it's cash onlyYes. Just yes. 
I consider myself a sniffer-outer of cheap hole-in-the-wall taco places in Philly. This place doesn't quite have the same feel as a Veracruzana or a El Jarocho, neighborhood spots I know and love. At South Philly Barbacoa, you go up, order from a short list of a couple basic taco types (Barbacoa being what I went with). Then you turn around and are greeted with a ridiculous array of salsas, pico, guac, cactus, veggies and every other topping you could want to slather on your tacos yourself. I went too hard, and ended up with a set of structurally overburdened (but obviously delicious) tacos. There are other things on the menu too - consume being something I definitely eyed - that I'll be sure to hit next time. 
Downside: at 4 bucks/taco, it adds up for a big eater like me. 
Still, this place really does have a unique vibe amongst Philly taco joints, and as far as I'm concerned have the market cornered on this type of fresh, small batch, Mexican food experience. Shame that there isn't more competition, but SPB is pretty darn good as the one place I've found so far. 
Hell, I even sprung for horchata here, and I never do that. That's how much goodwill I had for this place after eating their tacos.O.M.G!!! This is lieterally the reaction I had after having my first bite of the taco. Here is the thing about South Philly - you always have full access to all kinds of food and also the cheap authentic food. This restaurant has a very cute vibe - from its decorations to its personality. The owners take pride of their food and the waiters are super friendly. The food they make is just simply tacos, but they are darn delicious. I have tried lamb tacos, pork tacos, veggie tacos...all of them are so juicy and flavorful. The part I enjoy the most is they have a DIY counter at the back for takeout. Everything is freshly made and it totally blow my mind. If you love Mexican tacos, you will feel life is complete once you check this place out!! Bravo to South Philly Barbaco!!!Superb food. Very casual and friendly. Just go and eat everything they have on the menu that day.My favorite place in Philly, the food is second to none ! I love the owners as well, you'll be treated just like family when you're there. I love what they stand forI no longer have to be annoyed when guests visiting Philly say they need to try Pats/Genos, because I can drop em off there and just walk over a couple blocks to get these amazing tacos for myself.Absolutely the best authentic tacos in town hands down! Don't bother going anywhere else they are just culture vultures. This is the real deal. Since opening in July 2015 at 1703 S. 11th St. in the East Passyunk neighborhood, South Philly Barbacoa has merited national acclaim for its tacos, earning a place on Bon Appétit's "Hot Ten" restaurants of 2016 and ranking among the magazine's top three tacos in the country. Can't wait to come back soon!This is my first and likely only Yelp review. Had to share as this meal was an experience I'll never forget. I've never had better service anywhere in my entire life. Everything I ate was phenomenal (tacos, guacamole and soup). Picked up a pamphlet of recipes from chef Christina Martinez and was flat out stunned while reading her bio. Seriously, slack jawed and almost in tears while walking back to my car. She is a wonderful person and runs a wonderful business.Amazing. Some of the best tacos I've ever had. Love the lamb taco, the lamb-pork blend is even better. Taco bar: superb. Cactus pear, peppers, all this great shit. Agua fresca: not my thing, it would have to be carbonated or have other flavoring for me to like it but perhaps it's just as well. The consomme also had great depth of flavor and I took away a solid piece of walnut bread for dessert. At $4/taco (I had three) it feels a bit steep but totally worth it. Definitely one to return to soon.First off I love this place, when we walked in at about 1 o'clock on Sunday the place was packed. There was a table of about 10 people with their children and their Champagne and you could tell they were really enjoying themselves. Not knowing how this place worked we just stood by the door and one of the workers with a smile waved us to the back.
near the entrance to the kitchen was a very lovely lady also with a  wide smile who gave us the lowdown on how to order. As we looked about at all the different accoutrements to put on your tacos she handed us each a lamb and pork taco to see which one we might like best just to sample. We knew we had landed in heaven and that these angels we're gonna take good care of us, we were not disappointed.
To say the food was great really would be an understatement and we're so happy we found this place from  the service to the setting and drinks all made for just the most wonderful experience. We ended up getting four more of the lamb Barbacoa  tacos and one of the pork Pancita taco's and trust me will be back again and again and again much love South Philly BarabacoaThey serve lamb tacos, pork tacos and lamb soup.
Very juicy and very tender meat, condiments were self service.  The soup has a slightly acidic taste that compliments the gamey taste of the lamb soup very nicely.  I'd recommend trying 1 of everything which consists of 2 tacos and a soup. $4 per taco and for the soup.  They also make their own juices, we tried the freshly squeezed strawberry juice and it was probably one of the best I've had. 
Staff were very friendly, restaurant is a bit on the smaller side, don't expect anything fancy. Solid food and solid service, will be back!Thus place is amazing , mexic an style ordering. Go to the counter ask for the tacos , see them chop it up. You put your fresh condiments and enjoy your tacos .Really good tacos! Great service! You can order as many tacos as you want for $4 each. Your only options are pork and lamb (barbacoa), but you can get unlimited toppings. If I recall correctly, they have cilantro (or some small green leaf), diced onion, some sort of hot salsa type jawn, the freaking cactus salad is amazing and sweet, and I think there might've been another one that I'm forgetting. There are also mild (green) and spicy (red) salsas and limes, too.
The owners are the nicest people ever. Ben was cutting the meat, and serving  the tacos. Cristina was helping with the toppings, and I think taking drink orders when I was there.
The pork were really good even though I thought they were a tad spicy. Usually spicy ruins the flavor, but it didn't!Thanks to Ugly Delicious I found this hidden culinary jewel. I drove from NYC just to try the Barbacoa, it's juicy, tender and with lime and salsa makes for the best tacos. The consomé was also really good. I even have to buy some to bring back home with me. The staff is super friendly. If you can arrive early (10ish), you'll beat the crowd for sure.So it's a bit crazy in here the moment you walk in. But my anticipation was met by sheer deliciousness. The barbacoa is as good as they said on Ugly Delicious... and the soup was the perfect pairing. I didn't read the reviews explaining how the prices work or what's actually available for order.  You can see them making the fresh corn tortillas on the spot! Fresh and truly a great treat for some authentic tacos! Highly recommend this place, is worth the drive!This place was an absolute delight! So glad we came here for lunch. It's a super cute atmosphere with adorable bowls & cups. The staff are all so friendly as well. 
We ordered 3 lamb barbacoas tacos & 1 pork barbacoa taco. I took two bites into my pork barbacoa and it was then that it hit me. A huge wave of heat. Spice I've never tasted before in my life! I had no idea where it came from. After all, I only put in peppers, beans and onions in my tacos. Confused, I was determined to find what was the culprit. I removed the beans and still my mouth was on fire!!! Finally I tried one of the so thought bell peppers and my goodness were they spicy!!! I made the grave mistake of thinking that these ripe jalapeño peppers w/ their seeds inside were bell peppers!!! I could not taste anything anymore because my entire mouth was numb!
Word of advice, if you can't handle spicy food, then stay away from these peppers!!! They are not your friend! But before the spice hit me, the pork was amazing! So tender and well-seasoned. Delicious in every way. You order the barbacoas up front. They're $4 each and then you put whatever toppings you want on them. They come with complimentary chickpea soup with rice which is very flavorful as well. Additionally, the gentleman who greeted us when we first came into the restaurant gave us complimentary coffee and a refreshing watermelon concoction. The coffee smelled so good! Like cinnamon. 
We also ordered 3 tamales. The pork one was my favorite with verde sauce. You have to ask for sauces. Payment is pretty much whenever you want to. We paid after each item we ordered. 
If you want delicious barbacoa tacos, then be sure to come here & everyone is seriously so nice! Great food, great service & it's always busyI've been frequenting South Philly Barbacoa for a couple years now and I have to say, I'm very glad that Ben and Christina (owners and chef) decided on philly to set up shop, mainly because I get to effortlessly enjoy the amazing barbacoa (only on weekends). 
Probably can't be any more descriptive than what hundreds of others have said but the barbacoa here really is that good.  The pork tacos are just as amazing.  Tacos are $4 each, but two is pretty filling.  I usually get half a kilo when I have guests over which comes with the full array of condiments and a quart of consume which is the perfect accompaniment to wash it down.
In addition to the great food, the hospitality is warm and very welcoming.  Not knowing that barbacoa was only served on the weekends I stumbled in one winter afternoon and Ben offered a bowl of consume to try which is now one of my favorite comfort foods.Yum! Yum! Yum!  Consommé. Yes!  Tacos! Yes! Tamarind beverage. Yes!!  Get the $30 set up for two. Comes with soup, a huge helping of tacos and all the fixings.  There were more than enough tacos for two. I'm betting we had enough tortillas, fixings and meat for 6.  Good food. Good people.I never write reviews.  In fact, this is my first ever but the South Philly Barbacoa deserves some serious props!  The husband & wife owned and run taco shop is not only delicious, but the ordering process is set up so that you are personally dealing with the owners when you pay.  While I was stuffing my face with amazing tacos, I happened to over hear the husband mention to a confused customer that he designed the shop in this way so he may interact with and get to know each customer and share what he loves with them.  My husband and I have traveled to Mexico and have tried tacos everywhere in S. Philly, these are the real deal.  Do yourself a favor and check it out asap :)If you're under the weather , try the soup, the lamb tacos are just amazing too! As authentic as you'll ever get , a true taste of Mexico!Terrific food, homemade tortillas, serve-yourself toppings, good prices, friendly, personal, fabulous!!!Possibly my favorite spot of all time. Definitely my favorite spot in philly. The meat is out of this world delicious and everyone who works there is extremely welcoming and kind. Just wish they were open every day!!!Amazing authentic Taco with friendly service. Get family style with unlimited condiments. Warm handmade tortillas and amazing sauce. We had pork and lamp, both are good but personally I like pork better. Reasonable too, $46 total bill for 5 people including drinks.This is truly comfort food... served with the kind of hospitality that almost makes you feel like you're a guest in the chef's home rather than at a place where hipsters may invade at any moment.
This place is charming, the food is delicious, and the bill was unbelievably affordable. The lamb is cooked to perfection and the soup is dense with flavor. This is definitely my family's new go-to spot for barbacoaThis place earns each and every star - from their delicious tortillas, to the lamb they cut right in front of you, to the incredible salsa bar. Keep doing what you're doing and I'll keep stopping in for a taco or two every time I pass you.I tried the pork and lamb tacos. They were both delicious! The only downside is its hard to find seats, so some share tables with other customers. The place is really small and seems really packed. But regardless, the food was delicious! You fill in your own toppings. Highly recommend you to check this place out.Where to begin... This is one of those places you don't ever want to leave because their hospitality and warmth is so overwhelmingly genuine. I went with friends for late lunch Saturday, and it was our first time, so the owner gave us samples of everything to try before we ordered. The servers brought over small trays of condiments and bottles of sauce so that we didn't need to get up to add more to our tacos, and even gave us dessert on the house! 
The food was as delicious as the service was warm: lamb and pork tacos on warm tortillas were killer, and the consome made from the drippings off the lamb meat was unassuming, but also stellar. The toppings were great, I especially loved the marinated cactus and hot chiles. 
Please go here and support such a fantastic local business. There is no way not to love this place.I had two lamb tacos (which you can load with fresh toppings) and a fresh tamarind juice. So good! I'll definitely be coming back. Next time I'll try some dessert!Very, very, very good tacos & some really friendly folks serving them up. The day I went for lunch (today!) there was live music. Doesn't get any better than this!I don't typically like lamb, but had to try it here. I loved loved loved the three lamb tacos I had, and their yummy accoutrements. My boys had the horchata with their tacos, which was thick and cinnamon-y---really good. Definitely can not wait to go back!This is the best. owned by clearly great hearted people. The flavor from this place and their people and of course their food celebrate the migrant culture and life they have made here in SP. The barbacoa makes for a well worthwhile $4 taco, however I recommend by the kilo to go. I've seen reviews including other options, but I can't speak to their quality. Yet. Their pickled vegetable and salsas take regular taco staples to new heights. One would have to be blind deaf and dumb to miss the remarkable quality of their chopped onion and particularly the cilantro. I mentioned to the boss how wonderful I found it, and you could feel the passion radiating from him when he told us his wife's process. 
While eating here, the young couple seated opposite the table from us were discussing how South Philly Barbacoa had been featured on a Netflix special Ugly Delicious. The show highlighted the cultural background that we were enveloped in during our brief stay. I have permanent affinity. 
10/10Going to South Philly Barbacoa is like going to grandma's house. You'll get fatten up buy the sheer amount of tacos you'll devour. The staff were very friendly and explained what was on the menu. I had the pork w/spice ( I have no idea what the taco's name was) and the lamb taco. Both meat melted in my mouth. Super tender and flavorful. Also I had the lamb consommé ( juice from the lamb with chick pea and rice). It sits well in the stomach and it will probably replace chicken soup the next time I feel sick. In the end I ate 6 tacos without realizing it.¡Holy crapamundo! You want to talk about authentic tacos? This is your place.
Nestled in a little neighborhood, South Philly Barbacoa is a beautifully colorful spot with friendly service.
Hop in line and order up your tacos, then top em off with a plethora of delicious toppings and three sauces to choose from (I went red and green and wasn't disappointed with either).
Now, while the barbacoa is freaking delicious, the lamb stole the show for me. Get one of each and choose for yourself.
Snag a bowl of consume as well; It's authentic and flavorful. 
Before you sit down to start eating, be sure to get a cup of fresh squeezed orange juice, too. It was amazing. They also had fresh squeezed mango and pineapple juice. 
All of the workers were really awesome and helpful.
You cannot go wrong at South Philly Barbacoa!Ordering is confusing, the hours suck, it's kind of expensive for what you get($4 for one taco), and it's cash only. It's also the most authentic best tasting Mexican food in the city. If you like Mexican food at all, visiting this place is a no-brainer.Usually a limited menu, is a hard sell for me, but this place knows what they are doing and are absolute masters of their craft.  This is a place I bring everyone who visits the city, because it's worth bragging about. 
The tacos are phenomenal, and the rice soup has so much flavor. The owners are absolutely the sweetest people in the world, and make everyone feel so welcome. South Philly Barbacoa will forever be my taco spotThe owner is literally amazing and so nice. I stumbled upon this place by accident then went in just to buy juice, then i came back another day and ordered some food. I hsd a torta de pollo en mole, and it was the best thing i ever tasted. And the service is so friendly.Just another Testament that South Philly has the best food scene hands downI LOVE this place for food. If everyone who worked here was awful, I would still give this a 5 star review simply because every aspect of the tacos is perfect. The only reason I give it 4 this time though because a place of this quality needs more seating. They do their best with the space, but I really think a restaurant of this quality should try and get some more seating space somehow.I live nearby and eat here at least twice a month if not every week. The main offerings are traditionally cooked lamb tacos and pork tacos (pancita). The tortillas used are home made and delicious even by themselves. The pork is seasoned and has a stronger flavor, while the lamb is milder and can be accented with a variety of free toppings (guacamole, two types of salsa, chopped white onion, carrot/cactus mix, onions with roasted hot peppers). Tamales (chicken and pork mole/verde, as well as dulce dessert tamales) are sometimes sold too, as are aguas frescas of various flavors and fresh orange juice. Service is quick and friendly with a bilingual staff. Seating is limited but the tables turn over quickly. Sometimes there is free live music, which is quite good.
After spending hundreds of dollars here for many meals, I have never had a bite of food that I didn't like. Ever. The owners are passionate about what they do and are genuinely committed to supporting the community, and host cultural events from time to time. It's rare to find a restaurant that is so good, so affordable, and actually gives back.I understood the hype after my first bite. That fixings bar is fantastic also. I really agree that this is the best taco in Philly. Just an unbelievable treat. And I love the service/owners.My uncle and I were driving through Philly looking for something to eat and we see this colorful building and I was so bright you couldn't miss it! We checked the hours and we had only 10 minutes and we went in and checked it out. The lady was so nice to us and we got two tacos to go and she brought out topping for us and it was already closing time. Great lamb taco it was juicy and also great service. I wish I lived in Philly to come here more often!!This place was OUTSTANDING. Very cozy and homey. Everyone there is very friendly and accommodating. We have a 16 month old and as soon as we walked in, one of the workers carried out the high chair and took us to the corner of the restaurant to keep the baby from the cold by the entrance. 
Don't know if she's the owner or the chef but she greeted us with a sample to let us know what's on the menu. We were offered additional samples. Great way to market, and definitely made us welcomed and more interested in what they had to offer. Never had such delicious soup before. Their pork and lamb tacos are to die for. Never had meat so tender and melt in my mouth. 
Service was perfect and the food, phenomenal. This place is a must!!Obviously this place is phenomenal. It was a hidden south Philly secret until Ugly Delicious got to it, but I'm almost proud they did. It's very good. You should go here, no matter how much I hate the crowds.Amazing food.  Menu is very simple but will not disappoint.  Lamb tacos and consume are a must.Ate there today. Blown away!! The meat was so succulent and so flavorful it left me simply astounded! The tortillas were fresh and warm, the toppings although minimal, were all that was needed. Out of nowhere I was brought a bowl of soup, that was beyond delicious ! Can't wait to go back and take my friends.Very nice lamb tacos!!! (Barbacoa) ... Unfortunately I didn't catch the name for the pork one, but they are very nice as well, definitely recommend the mix Barbacoa and pork :)
The lamb are cut once you order, so you still get that juiciness when you bite hmmmm ... And you add your own toppings: roast peppers, roast long beans (maybe), onion and cilantro ... Lots of drinks as well.
The place is also cozy and staff are very friendly.
Totally gonna come again!!! Thank you :DCozy spot. Great tacos ($4), they were amazing and let you build them to get them just right. The soup ($4) they had for that day was also really good. Price was reasonable for the significant portions.When my friend told me the tacos were $4/ea., I said, "F THAT." 
What he failed to mention was that the tortillas are made in house, the freshly slow-cooked, tender, juicy meat is cleaved to order, with care(so you won't end up with a 1:2::fat:meat mess), right in front of you, OR the assortment of house-pickled condiments you can dress your taco with.
There were also 3 huge glass jugs with freshly made juices (today they had watermelon, guava, and pineapple). The juices are made from whole fruits, not concentrate. The 4th jug was empty, but my heart suspects it was awaiting horchata 
The service is genuinely friendly, if your brain cells are struggling from the night before, don't worry- they speak English. And they have Mexican Coca Cola (and again- all of those fresh juices), as well as Pellegrino.
Well worth every dollar. 
The space is small and seating may be limited, but just grab it to go and sit by the fountain or in the shade somewhere. Definitely worth experiencing!Some of the best tacos we've ever had!
Walked in on a Friday late morning, things were busy but we were able to get a seat.  Taco offerings for the day included lamb and pork - we got a sample of each.  We also ordered fresh mango juice.  The tacos were sooo good - meat and tortillas were made with so much love, and the toppings were all fresh and of quality.
Service is very friendly, borderline family care.
Thank you so much for sharing your love with us!Duuuuuuuuuude!!! Is this place legit!  Walked in with my wife, we've been wanting to try this place for a while... guy at the counter informs us there only two types of taco's; a spicy sausage type meat and the lamb.  The soup is made from the drippings.  We ordered all three items.. ended up eating 7 taco's, and they're not skimpy.  Quite simply, it was one of the better/best taco's I've ever eaten.  It's simple.  It's delicious.  People should check this place out!  Family vibe going on and you can tell they take pride in their product.  Love these types of joints.It is said that Good things come in small packages. Never more true than SPB. Hands down the best Barbacoa north of the rio grande. Tiny dinette style seating but the food roars out the gate with lamb and pork tacos that are succulent and generous. A lamb broth soup that was a meal on its own. Add fresh squeezed OJ and a mex-italia proprietary coffee blend and you have a memorable meal. 
Remember - the tacos are only avail fri- sun. Otherwise posado sandwiches ( which are also spectacularly good) .
Riba riba, undalay!!! Go - you won't regret it.I had the pleasure of eating the delicious barbacoa and pancita tacos from Cristina and Ben both when they were selling on the cart and at their soft opening.  I can't go there every morning as I would prefer, I live across the river.  Not only are the tacos really good, Cristina and Ben, as well as their staff, are really friendly and approachable people.  
There is mentioning in another review that prices changed, gone up, since selling on a cart.  Costs of running a business is vastly different from cart to a brick and mortar.  
Anyway taco on with Cristina and Ben, just get there early for the real good stuff.  Those tend to go fast and early.It's true, I followed the yelp crowd shortly after this spot was featured on David Chang's Ugly Delicious, but let's be honest, the guy's got a good nose for amazing food and this little mom n pop shop is currently the best in Philly!
Must try: lamb and pork tacos, pork-dripping soup (must ask in advance)
Meh: Veggie tacos
Missed out: Quesadilla and fresh juice
In detail, this establishment sits quietly in South Philly, surrounded by Italian restaurants and meat shops, so it's really easy to miss, however, if you start looking for a guy manning a huge fresh fruit station, then that's where the entrance will be. As you walk in (assuming it's not already packed with patrons), you'll see the owner chopping mounds of meat (separated by lamb and pork) and plopping them on freshly made corn tortillas (fresh from the kitchen) or in a paper sheet and weighed by pound to be enjoyed as a make your own taco method. There's no menus, no direction, you order either by tacos or pounds of meat, and you take the food to the tables and put your own toppings. I will state off hand that I loved the atmosphere, and it's been a while since I showed up to a restaurant, completely thrown off my game and had to see what orders people are shouting to figure out the flow.
As for the tacos, they were amazing. We (the two of us) ordered 4 pork and 4 lamb tacos and tried out the veggie taco and finished it off with a pork-dripping bean soup and homemade apple bread. It's hard to state which one was better, as both were different and beautiful in their own manner, so I think the best advice is to get at least two of each. The soup was sooooo great, and you can see the giant bubbles of fat dancing on the top of the bowl, tantalizing you with its aroma before making your blood pressure and cholesterol level regret your decisions. My only advice is while the meat tacos are divine, the veggie one paled in comparison.
I will say that while these weren't $2 tacos, they were totally worth it! And definitely come before noon, cause you'll be standing in line for a quite a while before a seat can open up!
Food: 5 stars
Price: 4 stars
Ambiance: 4 stars
Service: 4 starsMuy delicioso! Very authentic Mexican food and friendly service! I really enjoyed the moist, succelent barbacoa tacos (combination of lamb and pork) and consume soup made from the lamb drippings with rice and chickpeas. This is a hidden gem in South Philly!Truly wonderful.  Got to try it for yourself.  We made it just in time for lunch. They sold out just after we finished. The line was just out the door for a Monday. Weekends the line is down the street.  Sweet!!!Unless you've had tacos like this before, you've never had tacos like this before. Watching the meat getting chopped with a primal knife on a stump of wood is a carnivore's dream. The meat is so juicy and tender, and packed with the flavor of love. We also had the consume and fresh squeezed juice because, well, lamb drippings and fresh squeezed juice!  There are plenty of great reasons that this place has been named one of the best restaurants in the US. Come see for yourself.As authentic as one can get in Philly right now. 
Tried all of their tortas on a weekday and came back today to try the tacos. All of the tortas were very good and the bread is house-maid but the tacos is what I wanted and they did not disappoint. 
I ate one of each of the Borrego(Lamb) and the Cerdo(pork). Both were exquisite, exploding with flavorful fats and heat from the optional and free toppings. Duhlicious. The toppings include pickled onions and peppers, diced onions, cilantro and 2 hot sauces, one of which could stop a train in its tracks yet super flavorful and rich in texture. 
SPB is doing something very special in South Philly and I can't wait to return. 
Thank you Ben for your graciousness and hospitality and I hope to meet the special lady behind the cooking soon.This place was amazing. As a REAL Mexican originally from CA, living on the East Coast for 8 years now, it's hard to find anything authentic. I brought three friends and my husband to this tiny establishment and they all thoroughly enjoyed their tacos (including our vegetarian friend) and were impressed by the toppings. The owner was very accommodating and made our veggie friend feel like he had options.
The juices/aguas frescas were fresh and the cafe the olla was delicious. Make sure to bring cash!Unbelievably good food. Best tacos in town by a long shot! Two options of meat, each posing great competition with each other. The preparation is also something to experience if for nothing else. The add ins are free and of the highest home-made quality. Extremely nice staff, fast, cheap, and fun. Juices are also a bonus as they are so good!Unfortunately, I was tremendously disappointed in the quality of food . I am all about supporting my fellow Mexicans but the food was below subpar. The tacos were made of what seemed like store bought tortillas and were cold to the touch. We ordered two tacos , two drinks, and a soup that consisted of only garbanzo beans and rice for $35. A bit much for Mexican street food . Give them the two stars cause their service was excellent , they were very nice. Philadelphia, I will stick with your pork roast and cheesesteaks!!!Believe the hype! There's a reason the line is wrapped around the block. This place is amazing! They have a small menu which allows them to focus all of their resources and energy on doing those select thing very well. Get the Barbacoa. Add some cilantro and salsa verde.... Life changing.Really enjoyed my first visit to South Philly Barbacoa and looking forward to returning! We arrived early on a Sunday and you could smell the tortillas cooking from the street. We shared a 1/2 kilo which was way too much but meant leftovers! The soup was nice and spicy and the dressings for the tacos were so tasty. Loved the green sauce and the nopales. Also had the coffee and they made it unsweetened for me. I'll definitely be back!This spot is superb. Simply focused on one craft. Get enough for a week, or a year. Worth it.AMAZING, tender meat and fresh taste - Barbacoa and pancita tacos. Delicious soup and aguas frescas. 
We became fans when it was just a food truck and we are so happy that they were able to expand to a full restaurant. 
Everyone is very friendly and you can tell that they take pride in their work! 5 stars!!South Philly Barbacoa is unlike an other Mexican restaurant I've been to and deserves more than 5 stars.  We came here on a a whim and ended up having easily the best tacos I've ever had. I had 2 tacos - one lamb and one pork.  The meat is SO tender, warm and packed with flavor.  The corn tortillas are delicious as well.
If you are in the South Philly area, this is not a place you want to skip.Believe the hype. 
There are four options: pork or lamb, by the taco or by the kilo. I preferred the pork over the lamb, but both are fabulous. And the tortillas are great.I know other people have talked about the tortillas that South Philly Barbacoa offer, but it needs to be restated. They make their tortillas by hand, seemingly constantly. They're not reheated, they are fresh and delicious.
Also, it's the best lamb taco I've ever had in my life. The consomme is good as is the pork. But the lamb, that's the one I'm coming back for.It's good. Not worth the wait in line or the anticipation. Meat could be juicier. And what is up with the hours ???Lives up to the hype!!
I saw this restaurant on Chef's Table on Netflix. The story was heart felt! But did the Barbacoa Tacos live up to Hype? 
YES they did!  
As a L.A. native from Southern California, we have a plethora of Mexican Restaurants with amazing food on the menu from L.A. to San Diego. 
I'm new to Philly for business and was missing home, especially, the Mexican food! Despite the very long wait, the Barbacoa Tacos were amazing! Moist, flavorful, and fresh as can be! A little steep at just about 4.25 a taco based on per/pound price, but were absolutely delicious! They lived up to my favorite place in Van Nuys California "Tarino Rincon" who only do Barbacoa on Sundays, and I have been going their since I was a kid. 
Anyhow, if you're gonna make the trek out to this Gem of a South Philly spot bring the friends, get that delicious food, fresh pressed tortillas, and feel like you're having an authentic Mexican family meal!!Best lamb tacos in the country, according to a magazine... and an award well deserved! 
Very juicy and tender meat, like melt in your mouth. $4 per taco and $4 for the soup.  They also make their own juices in house, which they let you sample if you're interested. 
People here are some of the nicest you'll come across in the industry!! Yes, this place is small with not much seating available, but it will not disappoint!Very authentic. It is so refreshing to see owners that are passionate about what they do and involved in the day to day right in front of their customers and beside their staff. Everyone is friendly and attentive to make sure that you have a good experience. It is clear that they enjoy what they do. 
The food is excellent. My husband is originally from Mexico and he really wanted a taste of home so when we saw the chef's table episode we planned a trip from Maryland to Philly literally that weekend. We were not disappointed at all. The lamb is excellent which other people have already said but I have to add that the pancita was very very good! It has a wonderful spice and the flavor is deliciously unique. I really enjoyed the consommé and I had an atole which warmed me up and was so cozy. The tortillas are perfection. 
They need a little bit more organization in their system which makes sense because they are getting used to a new space. I would suggest that one side be used for take out orders and then the other side be more of a traditional sit down restaurant where wait staff take your order because it can get quite confusing and jumbled with people everywhere. Also, I would suggest individual salsas at the table. They are delicious by the way but with only one bottle for the whole restaurant it doesn't quite work. With salsa that good I want my own bottle at the table!A really delicious lamb taco. The lamb is braised to perfection. It is obvious that the lamb is made with care and skill. The tortillas are made with an Mexican indigenous corn, and the flavor is much better. I love the condiments and toppings they provide for the tacos. The pepper verde is delicious. The staff is very nice. The lines can get long but move fast. The place has a very traditional ambience. I almost feel transcended from the Italian Market to a local neighborhood in Mexico. This place is truly a Philly gem.There's nothing left to say that hasn't already been said -- South Philly Barbacoa is legit. 
Cash only, and you pay when you order so use your time in line to get ready. $4 each for tacos, either lamb or pork. You can also order platters of meat by the kg, and build your own tacos fajitas-style. They also have quesadillas and soup, but let's be honest you're here for the tacos. 
Since this was our destination for the afternoon, we arrived hungry and polished off about 6 tacos per person. The meat is tender and delicious, easily the best tacos I've ever had. If you're with other people, divide and conquer between grabbing the food and getting seats, as it can get crowded. We had no trouble finding a table when we arrived around 3pm, and there was no line when we were leaving. A must try, especially over the touristy Pat and Geno's just down the street.Honest to god, this place is next level. My fiancée and I, like many others, made it a point to visit this gem after the Netflix Chef's Table episode. We were NOT disappointed. Both of us got the lamb taco, and the taste and tenderness were unlike anything I've ever had. It melts in your mouth. The tortillas are made fresh right in front of you, the meat chopped and prepared the same. Everything down to the onions was delicious, the horchata brought me right back to being 10 years old with my family in Nicaragua. If you are able, don't miss this place. 
Lines are long with the recent airing of the episode but they move quickly and the tacos are easy enough to eat outside if you can't find seating inside. And as of when we went they were cash only so just be aware of that, though there are ATMs around the neighborhood you can get to. Will absolutely be back anytime we are in the area.Came here for lunch and its as good as people say it is. There are a few tables out on the sidewalk, where we were lucky enough to sit, and more tables inside. Its a tiny little hole in the wall that has fresh squeezed fruit drinks outside, and inside your choice of pork and lamb tacos.  The pork has a warm kick to it and and was the big favorite.  Friendly staff and would defiantly reccommend stopping by.Unpopular opinion but I feel like the place gained too much attention to really enjoy eating there. The line was really long, and when we ordered it was very old fashioned - order at the door, how many lamb and/or pork tacos, pay there, get a ticket, walk to the pickup line and see them make your tacos, grab them and find a table, etc.
It was chaotic. It was small. The lamb didn't taste like anything and the pork tasted salty.
I might've had better luck ordering the kilo, but there was too many people that I felt like I wouldn't enjoy it regardless.
Don't get me wrong - I feel they do strive for authenticity because I see a lot of fans come back regularly. But you get to a point where it doesn't feel like home cooked because you're rushing to cook for so many people, and it's not their fault.Thank you for featuring, Chef's Table! So good! The story, the food, the ambiance. Everything. Somebody please get her daughter a plane ticket to philly.I watched the Netflix special and had to drive to this place. I happen to be a barbacoa lover mostly made by locals or family members. The line was 40 minutes long at 12:30pm. It was cold as hell but we were dressed appropriately. We waited it out and finally when you come to the door they take your order and you pay. I must add it's very inexpensive. The line continues for another 10 minutes. There is a couple of waiters looking for somewhere to sit for you. Everything here happens quickly. There is about 6 ladies making fresh tortillas right in front of you. So finally we sit down and order a fresh pineapple water and horchata, both delicious. The consomé was delicious. The tacos were awesome. I loved being part of this but I definitely have great barbacoa right here in NYC. If I were a local I would definitely eat here every day. Everything is fresh and natural.I don't comprehend how one can say things like "lived up to the hype" and "can't wait to come back" and give four stars. Get off your high horses. This place deserves five of five.
The barbacoa is great, but the pancita is the real prize. The consommé binds it all together so I highly recommend to order with tacos. Went there twice in three days. The protocol for ordering seems to vary based on how busy it is. On the busier day Cristina or an employee takes orders right at the door. Just say how many tacos and additional items you want and you pay, and she jots down your order and hands you the slip. Then you move to the serving station and tell them how many tacos you ordered and they hand it to you on a plate. On the less busier day, just walk up to the serving station and order tacos, and if you want other items (consommé, quesadilla, tamale, etc) just ask someone behind the counter/table and they will even bring it to where you are sitting.
If you are in a big group, eat family style by ordering the meat by the kilo.
You can pay on the spot or after you are done...they sorta operate on an honesty policy.
There are topping stations all over the place...diced onions, cilantro, pickled carrots, peppers, guacamole. Seat yourself wherever you'd like.I live here in Philly, which is great, except that it is on the other side of the state from my mom's authentic Mexican cooking.  I have had the pleasure of eating delicious barbacoa, not only at my mom's table, but in the ranching areas of Mexico as well.  This is the only place that has the same flavor, texture, and moisture.  The tacos are so delicious that I eat myself into a food coma every time I come in.  If you are looking for the best barbacoa tacos in Philly, this is your spot.  If you are looking for fajitas, nachos, and the trappings of a tex mex style restaurant, you will be sorely disappointed.Cristina and Ben are terrific human beings: they are warm, giving, supportive, and trusting. And their food is delicious!
Along with amazing hand made corn tortillas, we feasted on chicken with mole, ground pork, lamb, corn and zucchini served in a green chile sauce, cauliflower served in an orange cheese sauce, fresh strawberry and tamarind juices, which we mixed with tequila. What more can you ask for in a meal?Food was great! We waited in line for about 45 minutes but it was moving along. Once inside, the staff was super amazing and attentive. We got 1 kilo, 3/4 Barbacoa and 1/4 Pancita - man, I wish we would have gotten more Pancita! Tortillas were warm and kept coming for our food. We met some good people eating along side us. Overall, great experience and great food.After learning about South Philly Barbacoa and the founder's story on Chef's Table (Netflix) I HAD to try this place while in Philly. 
SPB is a prime example of a business, better yet, a restaurant that imbues craftsmanship and love into its products. From smuggling corn germs into the USA so they can hand-make tortillas from the original corn, to preparing their meats in the traditional (slow and labor intensive) way, to offering rich guacamole on an open platter so customers can add as much as they desire to tacos... SPB stands as an example of what traditional cultural food can be when craftsmanship and authenticity remain the primary drives. 
The tacos are $4 each and well worth it when you consider the generous portions of meat deposited in each and all of the factors I referenced above. 
If you're considering dining at this restaurant, I strongly urge you to do so. Don't forget to try both the red and green salsas!Cute little place with kind staff and delicious food. I came in on a Saturday afternoon to meet my parents and they let me sit down. Then they offered me samples of papaya juice and lamb soup while I waited for my family to arrive. Both were delicious and made me excited to eat my meal. My family of four ate barbacoa until we were full and had five juices for $43. We will be returning for this delicious food again and again.How could one NOT give five stars to such a culinary success, a promoter of culture, and unifier of peoples? Isn't this what food is about? Bringing people together to enjoy a meal?They have a very simple menu. The consome (lamb broth with rice and chick peas) is my favorite. Lamb is great and we ended up ordering 3 more sweeet tamales to go.You guys, the secret five star dish? The TAMALE! This was, by far, the best dish between the Barbacoa tacos and the pork tacos. 
The tortillas are delicious and everything was great, but these sweet tamales - packed with pineapple and raisins and only $1 - totally stole the show. Everything else is four stars and these are five. 
Another tip - go close to closing time, so around 330pm on the weekend and there won't be a line. And please, order the tamale and then message me about it.This place deserves every last one of these 5 stars. Waiting in the cold for 45 minutes in line was totally worth it. I am so amazed that a place this small and busy can still put out excellent food and have such sweet, hospitable and hard working people working there. We ordered the 1/2 kilo meal 1/2 lamb barbacoa and 1/2 pork, 3 tamales, and two horchatas for 3 people and ended up taking home leftovers ! Everything  was perfect about this visit to South Street barbacoa, we all left with happy bellys and smiles on our faces.Ill be back next time I'm in Philly!The service was just impeccable. Stopped by on our way to the airport as we were leaving town. They made sure to find a place where we could store our luggage while we ate. Haven't had food quite this good since I moved out of my moms place back when I was 18. Maybe even since I was a wee tot and my grams was cooking up some barbacoa to rival this. Eat here. Support this fine establishment and the proprietors. Couldn't be better people.This place is fantastic!  When you walk in go straight to the back to order.   There are two meats of the day. Order tacos and tamales la carte. Sit down, enjoy and then pay. Everyone was so friendly too.  Very reasonably priced.  Highly recommend and hope that this local joint does well and is here to stay.Maybe the best tacos I've ever had. 
Went around 11 for an early lunch and just missed the crowds (by 11:30 there was a 20 person line out the door). The staff are expeditious and move people through very quickly, and while in line, you get to see the barbacoa chopped up and the tortillas being made. Cristina even handed us a free taco while we waited. Yum.
We ended up getting barbacoa, pork and veggie tacos, consume, horchata, and prickly pear agua Fresca. All was amazing. 10/10 would go again. Might even go back tomorrow.I went here after watching them on TV. I like the flavor and we received a big portion. It's not cheap but you get what you pay for. 
The tortillas were legit. I enjoyed the different spices and sauces. I would definitely come back here. Our total came out to $90 for 8 people.This place has very, very good food. Everything I tried (lamb tacos, soup, tamale, coffee) was excellent. I had to very lightly dust the tacos with salt to make the flavor pop.The very best in PA has to go to Zack's Taco Shack in Bartonsville PA near the Crossings Premium Outlets.
This south Philly food is comforting and rich in flavor but very meat- focused and not uniquely flavorful. It is classic Mexican food, but not very creative--meat lovers eat here.Easily the best tacos is Philly... No debate there. The quality of the meat is unreal and the combinations of condiments is outstanding. Expensive, $4 per taco but worth it. The house made juices are orgasmic as well. This is the go to spot for tacos!Food was pretty good but the meat in my lamb tacos was cold. Staff was extremely friendly though. Will go back to try another time.Hands down the best barbacoa I have tried ever!!!! warm tortillas made on the spot! I can't wait to come back when I visit the east coast again! definitely recommend!Home away from home!  I had the "Pollo con Mole" it absolutely deliciously authentic. From the first bite it transported me to my Mexico lindo. You can feel the LOVE! If you have ever watched "Como agua para Chocolate (like water like chocolate)" and craved the mole when watching the movie, this is the place to come and eat.  It will not disappoint. By the way Cristina the founder and chef is Devine. Her story is inspiring, she is so sweet and welcoming.So worth any type of wait there is!
The barbacoa tacos truly live up to their legend. The meat is so tender and flavorful and fresh. The tortillas are equally fresh and honestly the best tortillas I've ever had. And the TOPPINGS! So many pickled vegetables that are to die for. Definitely come here and come hungry. 
FYI : cash onlyWent with a group of family and friends from out of town. We got a large table. The staff were amazing and the food was so delicious.Loveddddd every minute including the line.
Cristina actually came out and handed out a sweet treat as we waited. It was so awesome to quickly chat with her. She is so caring and sweet!  Now the tacos...we had the pork and the lamb. While they were both great the lamb was definitely better. It had beautiful flavor till the last bite. Go and enjoy the tacos and the great conversations with other guests:)After having spent a month traveling throughout Mexico and trying the best tacos I've ever tasted, I was beginning to doubt whether I would be able to find anything comparable in North America. I know that my hometown (Toronto) has nothing close so I was very pleased to discover that my trip to Philly would not just have mediocre Blue Jays baseball but also the best Mexican food I've ever had outside of Mexico.
This place is legit. They make only two types of tacos and a simple consommé but everything is perfect. The meat is tender and flavorful, the tacos are perfectly baked and the accompanying sauces and other condiments are done just right. If you are a lover of Mexican food, get here immediately.Incredible place
I'm originally from Mexico City.
This place not only matches the original barbacoa from the center of Mexico I can assure its better.
And the service is outstanding, price is very reasonable.
Only recommendation if you want to go is go early, and be prepared to take dije time to find parking spaceThe last time I went to South Philly Barbacoa, it was at their old location, and I was pleasantly surprised that the food was as delicious as ever at the new location - with more seating (to accommodate the ever-growing lines). 
I went on a Sunday at ~11:30AM, and there was a line out the door. The line goes by relatively fast though, so don't be discouraged! Their menu is succinct - you can either order tacos separately or go for one of their meal sets, which comes with an order of tortillas, meat, and consomme. I'd recommend going for the meal if you're with a few friends - I went with two other people and went with the 1/2 kg option, which was just the right amount to not be absolutely stuffed after. 
At the counter, you can pick between lamb / pork barbacoa or a mix of both. We chose the mix - I do think between the two the lamb is the star. The meal also comes with a soup (super light and herbal), warm tortillas and sides of onions, herbs and pickled veg.Better than the hype.  For the first time Barbacoa goer you might be a little taken aback by the space, ordering style, etc but trust me (or the other reviewers), the food alone is worth it.  So tender, so good.  Of all the spots in South Philly that one must hit up, this one tops the list.This place is the bomb. Homemade tortillas really make the wait here worth it! They are delicious! The employees there are great, you gotta wave them down. You just gotta be there to do one thing...Eat!!Amazing. Worth the wait and the crazy price. Go with a group. Get a 2 kg. Thank me later.Best tacos I've ever had! Nothing else to say. 
My friend who was born in Mexico and grew up in the West coast, definitely agreed with my message above. 
Some extra details:
- If you're hungry and eating with another individual, get a half kilo of any choice of protein. It's worth it! 
- Try the horchata or tamarindo agua fresca. Really good!
- Ask for fresh warm tortillas after the original ones have sat for awhile. 
- Seats are limited inside. So send a friend to save a table, while the other individual is completely the order. 
- Last but not least, bring cash and enjoy the great food!I've been going to them since they were a weekend taco truck on Watkins. Such delicious lamb barbacoa & wonderful people! If you don't believe me, check out their appearance in David Chang's Ugly Delicious.This place is great! I'm not a big fan of lamb, but the lamb is cooked so tender and mild here. And, I LOVE tacos! So, I couldn't resist! Worth it! There was a line but it went quick. Go early because they can run out of barbacoa.There are tons of reviews about the food, all of which should make you want to go here. Here are some logistics to help you make the trip. 
We went at 1:30 pm on a Sunday. There was a line of maybe 20-30 people but it moves quickly. We probably waited for 20 minutes to get to where you order. You order, pay (cash), then give your ticket to the person serving the meat. Once you do that, there was a person directing you to a table. All in all, a pretty organized process. 
You can order individual tacos ($4) or you can order family style. There are a few options 1/2 kilo (of meat) 3/4, and 1 kilo. They all come with the fixings and the tortillas and the hominy. 
They sell drinks too. Be forewarned that coffee comes sweetened. There is also a self-serve water station. 
There is street parking all around but it is pretty full so once you get within a few blocks, take a spot if you see one.I'm one of those Netflix Chef's Table watchers who had to try the best barbacoa in America -- luckily for me, I'm from the suburbs of Philly, so I only had to beseech my Chinese-American mother to drive the 45 minutes to wait in line in the cold for "tacos." (Mexican food is not something we ate a lot of growing up.)
I went with my brother and sister-in-law and we got greedy, so we ended up ordering 3/4 kilo of the barbacoa (mix of pork and lamb) as well as three drinks: two of the atole (warm corn drink) and one cold horchata. Both drinks were really, really good. The atole was rich and creamy, sort of like an eggnog without the funky taste (or like a warm horchata but with corn-taste instead of rice); it also wasn't overly sweet, although the richness precluded drinking the entire beautiful mug. The horchata was really lovely as well -- not too thick and full of great rice-y flavor.
Now onto the good stuff: the barbacoa. The pork -- fatty, a little spicy, crumbly and rich. The lamb -- tender and piping hot, just a small amount of that lamb gameyness, perfect in my humble opinion. They also provide unlimited warm tortillas, as well as really great toppings -- pickled veggies, cactus, minced onions, etc. It was the BOMB. The consomme was rich in flavor but not thick, and warm and spicy, although I found the chickpeas and rice a little on the hard side -- I felt they hadn't been cooked with the broth?
Overall, we had a GREAT time. Don't be put off by the lines -- we waited less than 15 minutes at 1pm on a Saturday, and had our order taken by the Woman Herself! Total cost for 3 people plus copious leftovers: $55. Definitely worth a check out!Phenomenal tacos. As authentic as you can get, meat is cooked to perfection and horchata and tamales are out of this world. I would recommend this place to absolutely every person I know.One word description "authentic". This is what you would expect in Mexico. When you enjoy barbacoa in the U.S. it's usually beef but true to form you find succulent lamb tacos. Choices are simple but taste is delicious. Loved the pork tacos and the fresh orange juice!There are just so many positive things to say about this place with little to no negatives. I was fortunate to arrive at a time just after the lunch rush so I was able to get a seat no problem, however the establishment is small, I don't recommend coming to this place with a group larger than 4 in hopes to getting a seat (especially during peak hours).
The first thing that blew is away is the customer service. I was treated better here than my own home lol. The menu is small, with only two offerings for meat and a consumme (sweet desserts available on site as well), but both are done excellently and prepared right in front of you as you order. It's also great, because I am such a picky eater, limiting the menu to just their best is actually a plus. But for those who are picky and want variety, they have a do-it yourself condiment bar with different types of salsa, soft vegetables, guacamole and limes. You can make your taco just the way you want.
I will definitely be back again, the quality, service, assortment and location are all just excellent.Three words: Worth. The. Hype.
The barbacoa and lamb are amazing, enjoyed separately or together. I could eat the guacamole by the kilo as well! Watermelon al fresca was perfectly refreshing. I enjoyed an early lunch two saturdays in a row and will be back again soon!We have wanted to try South Philly Barbacoa since we saw Christina Martinez's story on Chef's Table. There was a line down the block to get in, but it was definitely worth the wait. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND! Tremendous tacos.This food is astonishing. It is gobsmackingly good. It almost made me cry by how special it is the first time I had it.  Truly feels like you have stepped into a family restaurant in Mexico, with everything home made and staff that treats you like a regular even if it's your first time. This place holds a very special place in my heart. Muchísimas gracias por el regalo que das a Filadelfia todos los días, Cristina.Hands down the beat tacos! Authentic! Now you will wait on certain days as the line can be down the block, fir us it is worth it everytime! Authentic flavors! Husband and wife team! Dad many good things to say.  Can't guarantee you will have a seat but a taco in the car tastes just as good!! Love this place! We will be back!I waited in a long line in the freezing cold for these tacos. I wanted a taste of the raving authentic tacos!!! 
I had two lamb tacos, a veggie taco and lamb soup. Prices were reasonable and don't be deterred by the long line, of moves fairly quickly. FYI CASH ONLY - but ATM is inside.
As you can imagine, I heard of this place followed by "you must try it". I think maybe because it was hyped so much that it didn't quite live up to what I was hoping for. 
What I usually prefer with all my foods is flavor. These tacos seemed to lack that ever so slightly. 
What they did bring and possibly the best I've had was it's authentic vibe. The ingredients were quality and genuine and it seemed like a very local traditional restaurant that served the food exactly as it's traditionally done. This i appreciated very much but to me anyways, it didn't outweigh the fact that I wanted more flavor on my tongue. 
If you want truly good authentic tacos come here. If you want delicious flavor packed USA dressed up tacos go elsewhere. It depends on what you want or your mood I supposeThe line out front of this place is deceiving because it makes a person think that the food is something special.  The line is actually there because the restaurant has little to no seating and serves their tacos one at a time at a tiny, prep-station counter as wide as one cutting board.  When I went with a friend in the early afternoon and waited over 20 minutes for the authentic taco experience I was expecting something amazing.  The combination of their disorganized serving methods, the huge mob of people rushing me to finish eating and the complete and utter blandness of the food made for a lackluster visit.  The restaurant Veracruza just around the corner makes better (and more authentic) tacos, they have seating and above all They serve you your food, instead of giving you a poor excuse for a buffet.  They create the line out front as a way to drive up hype.  I've been to Mexico City and had authentic tacos, and these are not anything special.The tortillas were lukewarm as was the barbacoa. That's my biggest complaint, but I'm from San Diego where you can find good barbacoa readily so my expectations are high.I know this place has a great back story (Netflix) which is what brought us to this place and everyone else standing with us.
We had to stand outside for about 20 minutes waiting to get in only to be very disappointed with the signature Tacos.
Its pricey for a single taco 4 bucks, very little meat, some garishments available on the side, self serve.
Seating is extremely limited. Everyone was bumping into each other. I would not return and recommend exploring other places in the area.Barbacoa taco (4.5 stars): juicy, fatty chunks, what more can you ask for? Freshly chopped onto corn tortillas
Pork taco (5 stars): this was almost like chorizo but was super juicy and tender, and we liked it more than the barbacoa!
There's a huge help yourself salsa bar on the side that's way more than just a salsa bar. Amazing fava and pea mix, nopales (cactus), and peppers, as well as guacamole and all the fixings for your tacos.
Consommé (5 stars): so savory, perfect for the cold weather. Comes with garbanzo beans and rice on the bottom. 
Horchata was not too sweet, not too gritty. 
Service: 5 stars! So nice! They explain everything to you even though it can get busy. They take your order, you get your tacos, load up on the fixings, find a seat.
Cash onlyAbout average, nothing to special but the food was good. Parking is always a problem here and it's just a bit small. A little slow as well.Every WOW this little place has gotten is so well-deserved.  The Barbacoa tacos were delicious.  One caveat to all who want to indulge in excellent food...go EARLY!  We got there around 1130am and were able to grab a table.  Fifteen minutes later, the line stretched out the door!Just had way too many tacos de pancita. They were so good I couldn't bring myself to stop eating them! They provide all the essential chiles en vinagre, onion, cilantro, nopales, red and green salsa to add to your tacos.
I also ordered fresh pineapple water, which was great.
The owner was incredibly friendly. After my meal we chatted briefly about her restaurant and the food she made. She gave me her card to call ahead next time I come after 3pm. She said sometimes she runs low on the meat by then.
I will definitely be coming back to south philly barbacoa very soon!Amazing!  The owner really knows her craft! 
Don't go, the lines are around the block!  HahahaWhat a heavenly place! The service feels like you have been invited over to the chefs home for a meal. So much love that you will find translates into delicious food! I went on a Sunday for barbacoa and it was amazing. The taco tortillas are so tasty themselves but when you add delicious lamb and condiments of your liking, the whole experience is taken to the next level. I also tried the consomme which is made from the barbacoa drippings. It is packed with flavor! I loved every minute of my experience here and will be back many more times.As many people, I've seen her episode on Chef's table and it was very inspiring. I was so happy to met Cristina at the Philly Chef's Conference but didn't had the opportunity to try her tacos during the event.  I love this place ! I went there on a Monday morning so there was no wait. Staff was incredibly nice and the ambiance made me feel like I was in Mexico for a moment.My friend and I decided to do a road trip to Philly. I Decided to find cute little things to do, visiting South Philly Barbacoa is one of them.  The restaurant is only open during the weekends. It was Featured on the chef's table. So expect a line and they sell out quickly. If your traveling from far don't worry they give you the option to have something put aside for you.   The Lines move rather quickly a server will come outside and take your order if you want it to go. Everyone is friendly with smiles on their faces cafeteria-style tables so don't expect a romantic experience. Just great food from great people. So I order two tacos a tamale and a Mexican coke. The first taco I had was the Pork and it was really fresh but i didn't understand what was all the hype about. But then I took a bite of the barbacoa and that was it it was the best taco I had in my life it was this wonderful well season fresh meat. It was time and effort and joy put in into preparing this. I actually did not see the episode yet but it's on Netflix. I met the lady though and she's super sweet and humble. The tamale made me fell in love I ordered another one to go it was sweet with bits of raisins and pineapples so simple but yet so sweet. They open at 5 am and honestly, I think its a must have.
- Just a foodie from Brooklyn.Delicious! Worth the hype. Happy to say I went before Netflix. Hopefully they're still cool, but I bet they are.Had to try it out after watching the Netflix Chef's Table episode. It was legit. Best tacos I've ever had. Ever. Lamb and carnitas were both so juicy and full of amazing flavor. 
We went on a Monday morning at about 10:30am. Only a few people in line when we got there, so I guess we were lucky to not have to wait long. 
The process is a bit confusing. You order the tacos. You eat the tacos. You then go to the register to pay for the tacos. They ask you how many you had. It's all very backwards. 
Right after we ordered and received our food, we asked to pay but girl at the register said it would mess up their process. Okay...
Anyways, bring cash and be prepared to wait in line. It's worth it.Excellent pancita tacos. Cafe de olla and lamb consome add a nice touch. Fresh tortillas. A bit pricey even if you order by the kilo. 1/2 kilo serves 2-3 people, comes with 2 consomes (lamb broth with chickpeas), and 12 tortillas, plus all the fixings for tacos = $34. Per taco it's about $4. Excellent food, expensive tacos.Finally came here! The line on Saturday morning was pretty long. We had 1/2 kilo meal for 2 which is a lot but we managed to eat almost everything. If you are not coming here alone, I strongly suggest you to order by weight not by taco, because they will bring all the toppings to your table. Also try their coffee too! The taste was very special!When someone says hey, lets go get some lamb and pork tacos you say YES!
So glad I said yes. A ton of people were getting their grub on today.  Line was out the door. If they got another carving station this place would be dangerous.  Food was fresh and hot.   Consumme reminded me of something out of SW Texas.  I will definitely be back.  Absolutely worth the wait.Truly the best! Just make sure you bring cash. 
We got in quite early so that we could beat the midday weekend rush, and were thanked for coming at that time. You walk in to a warm greeting and a view of meat being carved up on the counter. Grab the consommé, it's a great way to get started. We also ordered a few of each taco (pork and lamb) just to give them a try. Both styles were delicious and you can make them your own at the toppings bar (salsa, guac, pickled veggies, limes etc). A horchata to finish it off just as one should. 
During the warm weather they setup a lovely patio in the street where you can bask in the sun while eating your food, also a great way to expand the square footage. 
Went back in to pay and the owner told us to take a muffin as well. Let's be honest, we had already stuffed ourselves but there's always room for a corn meal muffin.Unassuming place with great food and nice people.  Perfectly cooked and seasoned meats with just enough heat.Everything you've heard about the food and more it's true.  The barbacoa tacos were delicious.  The staff was great and even the Chef Christina was awesome when my boyfriend and I ask for a photo.  Great food.  If you are around the area you gotta stop n try it.Every time I'm in Philly, I stop for barbacoa. Barbacoa tacos, with lightly pickled veg/cactus, various sauces, an amazingly fresh tortilla. Crushable food.Great tacos. Great people. Great atmosphere. It's a Philly must. Bring cash ! Cash is King. Also get at least one Lamb taco. They're amazing and I always end up eating more than I thought. It's that good.It's a purists taco. The tortilla is served fresh and hot, the meat just chopped, and the toppings at your discretion. It's delicious, don't think about it, just go.This review is more about the chef, Cristina Martinez, then the amazing food that is served in this small unassuming place on 9th Street in Philadelphia.  
She is a hero.  If you have access to Netflix, watch Chef's Table to understand her journey to success.
America needs people like Cristina.  
I had never had barbacoa so I don't have anything to compare it to.  All I know that the food was great.
If you are in Philadelphia, make a special trip to South Philly Barbacoa to eat and honor her journey.I came here with high expectations....HUGE MISTAKE!!!! I am Mexican...barbacoa was moist, pancita was moist too but not a big deal, consomé....the broth was ok but the rice in it undercook, it seemed like they drop a bunch of rice in a hot broth without giving the chance to cook, it tastes like it doesn't belong with it, probably the type of rice wasn't the right one, or the technique wasn't perform the right way!
The tamal dulce? Really??? Can you call that a tamal??? Not because it's wrap either in acorn leave has to be called a tamal...that's not made with the right dough, I felt like eating sweet "polenta"
It's ok for "people who doesn't know the real Mexican cuisine taste!!!!I literally drove from DC up 3 hours to philly for these tacos after watching her on Netflix's chef table. Sooo worth it! The food is delicious. A friend and I got the small platter of tacos and two tamales. I highly recommend getting both. We got soup (which was good but a bit salty), warm tortillas, fillings, guacamole, and half lamb and half pork. I highly recommend sticking with the lamb and I don't even really eat lamb but it was that good. Not gamey at all but so tender. It was soooo flavorful. I ate 4 and my friend ate 6 and we had some leftover. We then ate a tamale each and wow. I could eat this dessert all day. It's made from corn flour with a few raisins inside and cinnamon. It's amazing so definitely leave room in your belly for dessert. I honestly wish we got the big family size and taken all the food home. Sooooo delicious!! I'll drive back for these. Also be warned that you will wait. We got lucky and got here around 11am and only had to wait 20 minutes. I know the line is normally around the corner!Wow. Today was our first time here and it was perfect. The food is simple, yet amazing. The atmosphere is homey, cozy, and warm. We will be back many times.I loved everything about everything that was put inside me here. the lamb, the pork, the cactus drink, the cactus side, the soup -- especially that soup (brothy and lamby and full of zest). I am fulfilled and complete.Every single time I leave this place I tear up because of how excellent the food is (good food makes me emotional). If you've grown up in a big family, it'll make you feel right at home.Heavenly tacos. Divine quesadillas. I might wake up at 5am for these one day cuz they're just that good.I have been going to Barbacoa for awhile now and have never been disappointed! I prefer the Barbacoa meat compared to the pancita. They offer eat in services or carry out. It is often hard to find a table to eat in as they always pretty busy. Be aware if you do eat in the restaurant is very small and you'll most likely be sitting with others in a tight environment. Most times there is a line during the day to get in but it tends to move pretty quick. If you have never tried South Philly Barbacoa I definitely recommend it, it's worth the trip!The place I recommend to people who want to be impressed by food.Food was amazing! My girlfriend and I love to come here for breakfast! Highly recommend to come here early as it gets busy after 10am and right before lunch. If it's cold, wear something warm because sometimes the line goes outside. But their service is fast. I would recommend ordering half a kilo of barbacoa (lamb, pork or both), it comes with 12 corn tortillas (they actually gave us more with no added charge because we had a lot of leftover meat) You'll get a better deal with this one rather than buying separate tacos. It's good for 2-3 people, depending on how hungry you are.  Love the horchata! It's creamy yet light. I also enjoy the coffee! It's flavored with cinnamon and sugar. Not too sweet and light. Tamales is also delicious and the consommé is bomb!!! Overall experience, we found ourselves a new go to spot for breakfast! We doBreakfast at South Philly Barbacoa is the best way to start the week.  Never disappoints!
It should be a must "go to spot " for anyone that loves really authentic Mexican food.The food and hospitality is a amazing the owner was at the door and greeted everyone as if we were old friends. We ordered family style to go it was so much food would probably not order so much next time as we had to give away to the neighbors.This place needs no introduction!! This little restaurant featured on Chef's Table and Ugly Delicious lives up to its TV spotlight.  I think personally the best time to come is during a cold day when you're craving warm comfort food.
You can imagine that the line here gets a little long but honestly they move everyone along pretty quickly. You can time it to be like a hearty early breakfast thing if you're really concerned and want to be seated right away - I imagine the earlier you come the less people will be there lined up.  It's well worth the wait though- they are doing Philly so proud.
When I was here, I got the lamb barbacoa with lamb consommé. I also got horchata. Prepare to leave this meal stuffed to the brim!! But also 10x happier then when you came in. The lamb barbacoa is so juicy and tender, putting this into those perfectly made corn (no flour here thank you!!) tortillas with all of the fixings they give you is a divine experience. That first bite is culinary enlightenment. The horchata was lightly spiced to perfection. The consommé made it into my dreams - it warmed me from head to toe and was pure savory goodness.
The pride for everything was also a bargain. You'll want to bring a friend to help you feast and also share in this lovely experience for sure!Delicious, the pancita is a most, the coffee was really good & horchata, it is busy but food is really good.Amazing food. So glad they've managed to stay in the area and maintain high quality and service. The ordering process can be a bit confusing, especially if its busy, but stick it out because the food is simply amazing.
It can get pretty hectic, so I like to go at off times in order to take it slow and enjoy the amazing flavors.
When you come to the Italian Market for these amazing tacos, be sure to bring extra cash and your shopping bag so that, afterwards, you can visit the amazing produce stands and butchers in the area. Reward yourself with a treat from one of the local Mexican bakeries for your walk home.It was a continuation of great food from their closed location further south off of Dickinson. I would highly recommend ordering by the kilo versus the individual tacos. Their condiments are a great complement to the meal.AMAZING FOOD! This place is definitely worth the long wait. Very authentic.Best tacos in the city. Coming from the west coast, I was disappointed at the lack of Barbacoa in the city... Until I found this place!
Get out of your home, get yourself to South Philly Barbacoa, and devour their tacos. You. Will. Not. Regret.Wow, just wow. Best tamale I ever had! As authentic as you can ask for! This place is just amazing! When we came in there was a bit of a wait so the staff came by and gave us free samples, which were amazing! Especially considering, compared to other places specializing in the same cuisine the wait was nothing. We came on a Saturday wanting tortas, but apparently they have tortas on weekdays only and tacos on weekends. Surprisingly, they apologized to us for this; I mean really, they were way too nice! The place is small with some really interesting art on their bright walls. The decorations coupled with the friendly staff made this a very enjoyable afternoon meal stop. It's one of those places you never want to leave and when you do you can't stop smiling from what an enjoyable time you  had! I know I have not talked about the food that much (I had pork tacos, tamales, and soup) but that's because the only way you will be able to understand how mouthwateringly good it is, is if you go yourself!Best tacos on the weekends! Get here early so you don't have to wait in line and it's cash only. Everyone who works here is great!Got the lamb tacos, I think 3/4 kg which was around $55 (cash only, ATM available at location) which was able to feed the 4 of us. The lamb was delectable, extremely tender and flavorful. Consume had a nice depth of flavor and was unique. 
Tortillas were fresh (you'll never want tortillas from the grocery store again).
Line wasn't bad at all, probably around a 10 minute wait around noon on a Sunday and it moved quickly. 
Tables are limited but they turn over quickly so we were easily able to find a table for 4. 
Parking, busy corner so you may want to walk or get dropped off. 
Staff was very friendly, helpful and patient.
Everyone enjoyed the food and had no complaints.
Definitely give it a try.The lamb tacos are best! Always busy and there is always a line. But definitely worth the waiting. Excellent food. Highly recommend!We drove all the way from New York to South Philly Barbacoa to try its food. It was an amazing experience, staff is friendly, the energy of the place is great. They have all fresh food, homemade tortillas are the best and coffee taste delicious. 
We're coming back!!Everything you've heard is true. Delicious. One of a kind. Best tacos in Philly. Homemade every way. Can't find a single thing wrong with this meal. Great hearty meal for the day!Incredible! Love all the way from CT. Her story inspired and her food delivered. You can't beat that! Keep doing it. Blessings on Blessings! The man running the host stand taking orders was a gem as well as the whole team and it was dope seeing Cristina & Ben. Thank you so much. 
We stand with you and everything you've been fighting for.