I came to South Philadelphia Tap Room before a Phillies game and left full and satisfied. I had the Bacon and Jalepeño Omelette, served alongside home fries and wheat toast. For just $13, I thought that the portion size was more than generous; everything on the plate was flavorful, and before you know it, my plate was licked clean!
One item that I was not a big fan of, however, were the Mexican Chocolate Doughnuts. I found them rather dry and not worth the $6 price tag.   
The service was somewhat attentive, but I would have liked to have been checked up on at some point during our meal. 
All in all, this is a great brunch spot in south Philadelphia. Great food, great prices, and the perfect spot to eat before a sporting event down at the AT&T complex.The service here was very good.   Waitstaff was attentive and willing to let me get a taste of some of the variety of craft beers.   The atmosphere is casual and relaxed, but the food is the sad part of this restaurant.   My wife and I like organic, grass-fed beef.  SPTR menu had advertised that they had hamburgers with organic beef.
Unfortunately, the chef knows only one spice...SALT.   If you like salty food, you'll LOVE this place.   The clams in broth were salty, my wife's pork sandwich was salty and my $11 Organic Grass-Fed burger was so salty, I could barely eat it.   
I would go here again, only if I were in the neighborhood, but only for beer.I went to meet some friends on a Friday night. It was surprisingly empty (might just have been an off time)
Decor is five stars, bottle list is 4 stars (although, they were out of the saison du pont. bummer)
but for a place called "tap room" I felt their draft list was lacking terribly. Very typical beers (alot of Bells?) and no real rarities.
All in all I got a nice vibe in there, but I don't think I would go out of my way to go backJust went here for the first time and it was spectacular, can't believe I am just now finding out about it.  First off, the bar has a great ambiance, very clean, great lighting, not too loud but still lively to just the right degree.  The bartenders were attentive and the service was solid.  More importantly, the beer selection was very good with a wide array of draft beers and an even bigger bottle selection (my favorite was the Stone Russian stout).  Foodwise, also awesome.  We had the grassfed burger with what seemed like homemade ketchup (it was awesome whatever it was) and this awesome mustard.  We also had the mac 'n cheese which was just amazing, it looked like something you would get for $30 at an expensive restaurant, it had this sweet mushrooms on top that really complimented the cheese very well.  I'm excited to go back and try their grilled cheese (supposed to be the best in the city) along with their wild boar tacos.  Additionally, the prices can't be beat for what you get.
Overall, great spot to go for dinner, beers, happy hour, lunch, brunch, etc...  I doubt this place can do a bad meal.The only reason I gave it three stars is because of the beer selection. I ordered the headcheese taco as a starter, which if I had know was "deconstructed", I would of skipped. Also save your money on the burger and go to the POPE instead. Very limited menu, but attentive service.Been here couple times with friends. Always have a good time with good foods and beverages. But last night, i went there with my girlfriend who come visited me from out of country. We've planned to spent another good time in this place when the new waitress ( i've never seen her before) asked my girlfriend to show her id. As a tourist she didn't have any State ID on her so she gave her a copy of her passport ( she never bring a real one for safety purpose ) with clear picture, full name and Date of birth. But the waitress refused to even take a look at that. She just said that she has to be older than 21 to walked into the place. Well, my girlfriend is 26 and it clearly print on a passport's copy. We've tried to reasoned with her but she keep refused to hear us. We're so upset and decided to just leave. To make matter worse, me and my girlfriend been there for at least two times before. The other waitresses seems to recognized us but they're just keep quiet. It's a shame since we really love this place. But after this incident we will never step our foot on this place again. My girlfriend felt humilliated and embarrased. Thank you for the "great" service!Stumbled upon this place when a friend moved into neighborhood, we were going to eat as well so I looked up the menu... poblano mole wings! Got to try them! Being a wing connoisseur I was excited about this. They were very god and lived up to expectation! Now I say "were" because they removed them from the menu. I went there specifically for the wings! Not a beer drinker and not "hip" on vegetarian food not much else grabbed me, but the poblano mole wings were great! Last night went there with a large group (me just for the wings and wine of course) and they were gone. Replaced by a dry naked fried wing served sparingly with some fried jalapeno and onions. No flavor, no taste and very dry! I told the waitress if I didn't like them I wasn't coming back and that may be true because they were terrible! I gave a few a try with no sauce then needed some hot sauce or something... they gave me their homemade hot sauce which wasn't bad (kind of salsa verde not really hot sauce) but was a saver to the dry crippled wings (they NEED a sauce). Wish they would bring back the mole wings, just saying! Until then probably won't suggest SPTR again! Otherwise atmosphere is good... but why change a good thing!there is something comforting about simplicity.  one of the most warming sensations is sitting down at moms kitchen table and having her whip me up a grilled cheese with tomato soup.  
now that i am grownup (whatever that means),  sitting down to grilled cheese sandwich with tomato soup means going to the sptr. it is so simple. 3 cheeses. texas-thick bread. tomato lager soup. fabulous! and...i can drink a beer with it! my favorite match is hitachino white ale. 
sptr is a great place if you are into beer. and, if you aren't, be curious. try something you have never had before. their selection is great and they always have a list of specials. you can always try something before you buy. 
service has always been great in my experiences. the servers know their shit. 
issues?
1. you can run into trouble finding a seat. they don't have any "method" of seating.  it can be uncomfortable standing around, waiting for a table to open. i feel like i am stalking the other diners. also, i have been "out seated" by some hipsters before so, if it is busy, be aggressive or you will never get a table.  hipsters are sneaky...
2. i am veg and their are only 2 options on the menu. they are really good options but, i would love it if they had a veg special every now and again.My favorite bar in South Philly.  Their mac & cheese and mole wings are amazing! Also, they always have a fantastic selection of beers on tap. My boyfriend is in love with the meatloaf as well. Can't say enough about this place.
Edited down to reflect the menu changes--no spicy vegan hoagie, no mole wings, no more meat loaf. Still the best beers on draft, however.After hearing about this place for over a year, finally found an excuse to go: Founders Friday. There's nothing like drinking usually expensive Founders beers for almost 1/2 price.
Walked in at 4:30 and the place was already full. Was imressed by the draft beer selection AND the bottle list. Server was attentive throughout the evening. As the evening sped along, the place got busier and busier. 
Ordered the southern fried chicken wings and an order of mac and cheese. The wings were seriously great. They were crunchy and had enough of a hint of salt to make the flavor pop. The side order of collard greens were spicy and cooked quite well. The mac and cheese was delicious. 
Definitely going back again. I shall never have to find an excuse to have to go, I will just get off my lazy ass and go.Mac 'n cheese with fried onions and scallions will cause you to throw out those crates of Kraft you bought from Costco last weekend. It gives a whole new meaning to creamy and delicious. 
Beers and ciders are very reasonably priced and staff are knowledgeable about every pour of the menu. The grilled cheese is enough warm squishy cheesy goodness for a pair to share for lunch, and the fries won't leave you disappointed.
Before you go, you'd be remiss to forgoe the ricotta donuts with hard-cider caramel drizzle. Imagine putting the most delicious donut in your mouth, adding sweet appley goodness, and then having room for four more. 
Best damn meal $50 can buy.Considering how long we have lived within 10 miles of this place, it's amazing that we never got ourselves in here since lately a lot of friends had been raving about the food and beer.  Well, we finally made it and had such a good meal, have come back 3 times more.  The first 3 visits, we arrived around noon for lunch.  SPTR is converted from 2 row houses and has a very funky atmosphere.  On the upper level, there are some unusual pieces with some serious age on them.
Many restaurants and bars, no matter where they are, usually could use a good cleaning.  Not SPTR.  2 of us were waiting for the other 2 and had glasses of hard cider to sip on.  I looked around and this place is spotless.  Even the HVAC return ducts are clean as a whistle.
On 2 visits I had the Rineer Family Farms Burger Medium Rare.  Outstanding.  The bun was toasted with a smear of a variety of things on each half.  Whatever those were, they were very tasty.  The fries were outstanding.  These days, when even Mickey D's fries are not as good as they used to be, these were double fried, crispy and outstanding.
On the other 2 visits, I had the Monkfish.  That particular fish is not available very often but SPTR seems to have a line as to where to get it and they do an excellent job preparing it.  Monkfish was the original McDonald's fish in their fish sandwich but their ad department wanted to put the Monkfish in some of their ads to increase customer awareness.  They took one look at a whole Monkfish and the whole chain moved to Alaskan Cod.  A Monkfish is one ugly fish but they taste great.
On our last visit, the day after Christmas, I also tried the Lamb Empanada.  This was the only dish we had in the 4 visits that was below expectations.  It seemed a bit overcooked and the stiffing was dry.
The other guests were the same 3 people for each of the visits.  One had the Monkfish on each of her visits and loved it.  Not only does the chef handle this well but the portions were excellent.  Of the other 2, one had the Burger on each of his visits and enjoyed them.  He was the beer drinker of the group and tried several of the drafts that he had not had before.  The last person is a chicken person and had the NC BBQ Chicken Sandwich on each of her visits and polished them off.
The menu is a little short but the choices available were well selected and well prepared.  The servers were friendly and knowledgeable and the food arrived nice and hot.  On our last visit, the place was about half full and the noise level was up but we could still have a normal voice conversation and had a good time together.
Parking in South Philadelphia can be a challenge but, for some reason, I always get lucky.  We were able to park right in front of the place on all 4 trips there without having to go around the block even once.
We would go back here in a minute.  Good food, good service and lots of interesting things to look at.We ate brunch here on Mother's day with the family after graduation. It's a chill atmosphere and, around noon, the right level of busy without having to wait for a table. The pancakes (medium size) are top notch and don't even need butter or syrup; the fruit puree does it all. The coffee is local and while I didn't have it, my parents and grandfather found it to be a tasty, unique blend. Two of us got the tacos. They had a good touch of mild-medium spiciness, I think from the guacamole. The pumpkin added a touch of sweetness that I feel like could have been heartier if done with sweet potato, but my palette leans sweet. The breakfast burger and bacon were hearty. The whole meal was all around great!The beer selection is great but we experienced a terrible situation while there which we do believe was racially charged. We're not angry about what happened and understand this type of stuff happens but I also don't want to over look it and just let it slide. We won't come back and its ashame because we all do enjoy what the taproom has to offer.Visited this place with my brother for a late night snack and drink.
Food (8.5/10) = Tried the wild boar tacos since my brother recommended it, and also since it was one of the most common mentioned items on Yelp.  Meat with great flavor.  Guacamole well made.  Proportions for each component of the taco were perfect.  You get two of these beauties per order.  
My brother got "My Mom's Meatloaf" (Mac and Cheese, barbequed mushrooms, made with country time pork). Simple. Comforting.  Velvety from the mac and cheese.  Savory meat.  To the chef, I love your mom for creating and teaching you this incredible dish.  All finished with Nitro Lancaster Creame Ale, and my usual go to beer - Allagash White.    
Service (8.0/10) = Just like the food, great friendly service.
Ambiance (8.0/10) = Tucked away in a neighborhood in South Philly.  Great wood finishes.
Overall opinion = this place is a gem in South Philly, serving awesome food and great beer.  You should definitely try the wild boar tacos.  But don't overlook "My Mom's Meatloaf!"Great draft beer list. Lunch menu is a little too short for my liking.
Bad service however on my last, and final, visit.
I stopped in for lunch, the place was empty at 1pm, mid-week.  I was thinking of some food and several pints.  The bartender working barely spoke to me when I came in an ordered and not at all after that.  I had a fantastic sandwich and a great beer but a second beer wasn't offered until I had finished my food and had had enough watching tv with mute on.
It got worse after that, I posted on twitter that SPTR has great beer and food but poor bartender service.  Whomever runs their twitter account chose to call me out rather than ask what happened.  They didn't seem to care very much about a customer with a complaint.
I won't be back.  There are plenty of places in Phila. to get draft beer.OMG Breakfast Burger. Obscenely delicious. I will travel hours for you, breakfast burger. You made my heart sing... sort of.This place is cozy and small.  My boy and I went there on a weeknight.  Not being much of an adventurous beer drinker, I just had Kenzinger while my boy got some crazy beer, but they had a decent variety on tap.  We say at the bar and the bartender was very attentive to us, but we were still able to converse with relative privacy.  WE started with the wild boar tacos, which were very good but nothing that most people couldn't make at home.  I ordered a special for dinner - trout on a salad and it was great.  The fish was perfectly done and the salad has just enough fixins to make it unique without clashing tastes to the palate.  My boy had a barbequed pork or chicken sandwhich (i forget) which he said was ok.  His main complaint was that the cole slaw on the sandwhich was too tangy to the point that it overpowered the flavor of the meat.
Overall I would eat here again and just order things that sound solid and not too experimental for the sake of being experimental in their flavor combos.Delicious southern style hot wings.. cooked to perfection. Beer selection is pretty good.Went this past Saturday before the Philly's game.  What they have in beer, they lack in wine.  4 choices by the glass, and only one can you purchase by the bottle.
we had two serviers, one was really friendly and the other very unfriendly.  Food was so-so.  Mac and cheese was good.Don't come here, you won't like it.
I promise, it's a waste of your time.  The mushroom-tofu scramble that I tasted and was delicious is not something you'd want.  The sticky rice dumplings drizzled with soy sauce which were downright amazing is not something you'd be interested in.
I can't imagine you'd appreciate the enfrijoladas with the black bean sauce and queso fresco.  I don't even think you'd like spicy bloody marys that they make or their awesome beer selection.
Really, I'm thinking of you here and trying to help you out.  Move along.
These aren't the droids you're looking for.This must have been an off day. It had to be. 
Came in this morning for brunch with some friends. The seating situation is a little hairy. Do you seat yourself? I have no idea, but we did.
Everything was just. so. slow. today. 
It took way longer than it should have to get water, to talk to our server, to get our food. When the food did come out, some was undercooked, some was cold. We were all too starving to say anything about it because it took somewhere around 40ish minutes to get our food, so we didn't even want to risk sending it back.
The server was nice enough, but really inattentive. She came by about 25 minutes after taking our orders to tell us our food would be out shortly. This was not true.
Eh.
Oh, one star is for the fact that they were playing the Smiths.My buddy just moved into this neighborhood recently, we stumbled across this bar a few months ago, and we don't really go anywhere else if we go out around here.  The beers are awesome, and cheap!  That would be enough for me, but they decided to go out and make so seriously good food.  The mac and cheese is insane, pretty  much everything that I have tried here has been super.  
In the better weather months they do a mini bar outside and it becomes a little block party, but with great beer!  As a brief aside, love the logo too, what could be better for a Philly bar!!I would give this place 5 stars. but they dont carry ranch sauce haha! Otherwise, this place is ideal and I love it.SPTR is a favorite in our household! Great happy hour specials. The food is delicious (I've never had such creamy Mac & Cheese); service is usually great-- not overly involved and fairly attentive.This update is dedicated to the SPTC Burger.  It seems to me that every tavern, taproom, and bar in philadelphia has come up with thier own "special" burger. I've decided its time to work my way through every burger i can find, and keep a list of my encounters for others.
Its billed as "100% LOCAL GRASS-FED BEEF BACON CHEESEBURGER beer braised bacon, lancaster smoked cheddar, shaved red onion, sly fox beer mustard (served rare, medium or well)".
This classic combination exhibted a strong sirloin flavor, and it's a generous helping of meat. I ordered rare - came out more medium rare, but delcious nonetheless. The side of marinated garden veggies that come along with it are a unique twist and really tasty/crunchy/peppery. Fries were big, thick and went well with the home made ketchup. great buy @ $10. 
Burgerlicious Rating = 8I really enjoy going to the taproom. Yes, it's crowded around the bar, but even on a busy Saturday night, we were able to snag a table for four away from the hubbub without so much as a wait. And I like the waitresses: every time we've been recently, they've had good senses of humor and are very personable, which makes everything a little more enjoyable. And although I'm not much of a beer person at all, the selection is great  since I'm usually able to find something I like (such as the Dogfish Head Pangaea the other day, and the sadly missing Sierra Nevada Belgian Trippel--which was there one delicious time and then was gone, much to my dismay).
But I think the reason I keep going back to the Taproom is the grilled cheese and tomato soup. It's the perfect winter meal, that grilled cheese: crispy, buttery, salty, and with just enough soup for dipping. The wings are also nice and crisp, lightly seasoned but tasty, without any of the gristle that wings normally have. 
SPTR usually plays decent music (the Zombies last night, for example), and although it can get noisy, if you can manage to grab one of the tables in the back the decibel level is more than manageable. If I lived in South Philly, I'm sure it would be hard to pry me out of here.Sadly no longer my local bar (I moved) but I still go there whenever I am around the area. Always bring my parents for brunch and I'm always on the look out for their events. 
Still one of my favorite bars in the city.Great food, and drinks. Great service. Love The ambiance. I go there often. Great beer selection. Also try the wild boar tacos.Eat here! Boar tacos are a must! Great deals and better food.Went to SPTR for brunch this morning - loved all of the sour beers on draft! We sampled most of them during our time here today. We shared an order of the wild boar tacos to start, sooo good! Very flavorful, perfectly tender meat - would definitely get this dish again. I had the potato, asparagus, and goat cheese frittata, it was so filling and very tasty. It was pretty crowded by the time we were leaving, and all of the employees were hustlin' their butts off! Go here, enjoy the great beer and delicious food.Food was absolutely delicious! My party & I ordered to share, the whole fried chicken, cole slaw, french fries, white bean & kale soup, jalapeño & cheddar cornbread and fried apple doughnuts w/hard apple cider caramel, and when I tell u everything was sooooooo awesome, I mean it! I felt like a glutton because I ate some of everything! I'm such a fat foodie! I will be back soon!So to start off, I will say for some reason Yelp uploaded the bf's pic and not mine.  Anywhoo, Im a woman, he's a man, the pictures are misleading, lol, doesnt matter, just clarifying.  This was not my first experience at the Taproom.  My boyfriend lives two blocks away so we occasionally go for happy hour, but not that much because many happy hours in the hood are much cheaper and have a better selection.  On this occasion, we went for dinner because we had a Restaurant.com coupon and thought we would be able to splurge a little.  We ordered our meal, fried chicken, some pork and potato appetizer (can't remember the name, it was spanish), and a side of mac and cheese.  I mentioned to the bf that he should tell the server that we had a coupon, good thing because when I did she said they did not accept that coupon any longer and were in dispute with Restaurant.com over the whole issue.  Thinking that our lovely experience was slowly going downhill, I was worried.  My bf was pissed off and stewing in his chair so I knew that he was about to blow at the fact that we purchased the coupon, but were now being told we could not use it.  About 5 minutes later, the manager came right over and said she would comp us $25 off the bill.  What a pleasant surprise to be compensated without any prodding from us.  The problem was corrected immediately in a courteous manner and we were able to continue eating our delicious meal and drinking our tasty beverages.  A minor glitch that could have turned us away completely has actually made me have a greater respect for this establishment and the professionalism under which they operate.  Kudos to you SPTR!!
Maia R. Maspeth, NYHaving finally ventured down to the Taproom, after living around the corner for a couple years, I've now been back twice in the same week. Food is delicious, great atmosphere, phenomenal beer list...and my first trip landed me on LeftHanded arm wrestling night. Hysterical. Brunch is also great. Might I recommend the blueberry cornbread pancakes with bacon, and the bloody mary's which were also delicious though a bit spicy.Awesome neighborhood pub.  Really good pub food and a huge beer selection.  Beer can get pricey, but the food rocks.Totally impressed by the menu. I came for the beer selection but I'm blown away by the totally-not-bar-food menu. I'm starting with Marinated Octopus on Wheat with pickled celery. I'm not sure where I'll go from there. Maybe a kale and apple salad or a wild boar taco. 
The beer, the reason I came, is amazing. It's a fresh from the cask, served at room temp, Belgian IPA DRY-hopped with ginger from Flying Dog Racing. The ginger is subtle and the hops are perfect.Fried Pb&J was yummy!  I had the scallops tostada's ,couldn't get over how fresh all the ingredients were. My boyfriend loved his beer battered tilapia tacos. 
Service was excellent! 
Cons- Wish the menu was largerBeing a vegetarian,  this was one of my go - to spots since I've lived here.  Their crispy potato tacos,  which were almost always on the specials menu, are AMAZING.   Not to mention the grilled cheese!!!  I was so disappointed to find out that they are no longer offering specials, just a limited menu that will apparently "rotate" every so often. Their prices went up, and you no longer get a choice of sides with your sandwich, only fries.  The worst part?   No potato tacos OR grilled cheese!   They were known city - wide for their grilled cheese, why take it off the menu????? The only answer I got was "they'll probably be on the menu again at some point."  SPTR, you've disappointed me.This place was great! Went on a Sunday morning the staff was super nice had the fried PB&J sandwich. It was fantastic! I will definetly go back!an absolutely fantastic bar, the tap room has yet to let me down in any way. good food, good company, well-priced all the way 'round.
plus, i can walk home from here, lickety split! there's another star right there.They crushed Philly Beer Week 2014!!!  I wish I just camped out there for it.  
420 / Lagunitas night:  The menu was unreal! crazy awesome concoctions like: mac and cheese with hot-dogs topped with doritos, bacon cheeseburger chimichangas, and my fav- a quesadilla stuffed with pb&j, chocolate, pretzels, topped with strawberry and basil.
If that kind of innovative thinking doesn't get your heart racing, I'm not sure what will.  Their beer list always rocks, their food is amazing, and with out of the box thinking like this- psh I'm not sure what else they can do to top it, but boy am I excited to see them try!Many disappointments:
1. Home-made ketchup was not good
2. Fries are dry and tasteless
3. Burgers are obviously frozen, pre-packaged, and not well cooked.  You can't even order medium-rare!
4. My beer was funky tasting and had no head.  I could hear the bartender comment to a friend that the beer I ordered was awful, but she didn't say anything to me or apologize when I obviously didn't drink it.
5. Did I mention that this entire experience was over-priced for the area?
Long story short - Stay Away!I saw SPTR on television and bookmarked it. I had some time to kill before I caught a flight, so my colleagues and I decided to hit up a place on my wish list. 
   When we saw the menu, we were tempted by too much, so we decided to order various items and allow one another to try our dishes.
   We all began with the apple and ricotta doughnuts, which were to die for. The donuts were well cooked, and the accompanying carmel sauce was an excellent touch. My colleague actually grabbed one of the last two donuts in the order and told my other colleague and me to figure out what to do with the remaining one. The donuts are that good!
   I ordered the scrapple, egg, and cheese sandwich. The sandwich was my first experience with scrapple, and I cannot say it was bad. The sandwich was filling, and I left satisfied.
   One of my colleagues ordered the Mac and Cheese, which was simply delicious. We were warned that it was not extremely cheesy, but the flavor made the insight an irrelevant detail. 
   Another diner ordered the French toast made from French bread instead of traditional white bread. The toast was not too eggy, but it had a wonderful texture and felt substantive. 
   Aside from the food, the beer selection was wonderful and reasonably priced. I ordered a couple of their special beers and was not disappointed.
   Overall, SPTR was a great experience. I really want to return with some clients to show them what real Philly food is.Being a vegetarian, I know fries.  I know fries in the way most long term vegetarians know fries...because their loved ones know burgers, cheesesteaks, etc.
The fries at SPTR are stupid delicious.  They are creamy on the inside, and crisp on the outside.  And the ketchup is pretty darn tasty too.
Frankly, the whole menu is pretty awesome. I've been for dinner, brunch, and drinks, and always leave stoked to have good veggie food in the city.  Mind you, the vegetarian/vegan selection isn't huge, but neither is the menu...if you're picky, check it out before venturing to this spot.The cheeseburger is excellent!! The bread, thick bacon, thinly sliced lightly pickled onions, and secret sauce go so well together! Best burger I've had in a while! Also they bring it out with some really good fries and homemade ketchup and an assortment of pickled vegetables that are oh so good. Service was excellent as well. Definitely will go back.Nice neighborhood bar that fills up quickly. Menu is interesting and the wild boar tacos are great. I have never had an entree here just bar snacks. The draft list rotates frequently and can be hit or miss. Kind if off the beaten path if you do not live in that neighborhood.SPTR changes every time I come to Philly, with a different chef, a different menu.  Regardless, I've always enjoyed the food, the selection of beers, the music, and the company. I love the local neighborhood vibe and it's a relaxed, low maintenance place for eating, drinking, and socializing.The food was okay, but the beer was good. I feel like you can find the same type of place with better food at a similar price.It hurts to give South Philadelphia Taproom only three stars, but it's well deserved after my most recent visit. The brunch was great- generous portions of French toast, eggs, and sausage that left me wanting more. What made this experience not so pleasant was the cleanliness and customer service. The table and menu were extremely sticky.  Perhaps some spilled beer from the night before that never really got washed off. Judging by the faint smell of stale beer in the air, the floors may be in for a good cleaning too. As far as customer service, the waiter was very nice, but it took an extremely long time to get us our food, all while multiple employees were setting up Christmas lights on the walls. All I can say is that South Philadelphia taproom needs to step it up, because they aren't the only kid in town with a great beer list!Wowza. We trekked down to SPTR a few days before New Year's Eve and man, was it worth it. We had a table of 12 and did not make a reservation (duh) so we sat at the bar. I had the tomato soup and chopped salad. The tomato soup was awesome and came with two mini grilled cheeses floating in it. The salad was also delicious and came with your choice of dressing. I am about 6 months pregnant and the bartenders were so nice and accomodating even when I was not drinking and taking up a barstool. My husband had grilled cheese and loved it and another friend of ours had a burger, which he had been talking about since he walked in. SPTR is cozy and the food is great. What a perfect combo!The South Philly Tap Room is great.  Very few places in Philly have such a good beer selection without becoming pretentious (Monk's, Eulogy, etc.).  The bartenders are friendly, but not overly so.  Brunch is great since all drafts are half priced, though with so many strong beers its not hard to get inappropriately drunk on a Sunday morning.  All in all, on of my favorite fall-back places in Philly.Their food is decent. I had a burger and the oysters. The oysters were super fresh and I was really pleased with that. Too bad I was into a conversation that I didn't start on my burger until it was a bit cold. Not their fault. 
The beer selection is ok. The list contains only 15-20 items I think. But my beers were pretty good.
Will definitely return to get my hot burger and try something new next time!Their burger is delicious. A bit messy but delicious. Attentive staff. Good jukebox and amazing draught beer selection.cute spot and great staff. they had basil hayden which for some reason is getting harder to find at bars. awesome draft selection and food smelt and looked good.I've had so many things on the menu and only recall one average item...the BBQ sandwich.  The fries and their own ketchup are phenomenal, other favorites include grilled cheese and tomato soup, wild boar tacos (holy cow these are good) and the fried pb&j...just try it.  
Beer menu is always solid.  Brunch is very good.  I'm glad I moved so close to such a cool spot but man...I feel out of place some days since I'm not a hipster.I love this bar. 
I've been going to the Tap Room since the days of Temple Tuesdays for the Quizzo and $2 lagers.  The place has definately changed since then.  It used to be GOOD BEER, cheap delish bar food, small space, and cool people.  Then suddenly quizzo was gone.  Then the cheap basic food.  The wall was knocked down for the bigger dining room.  But while taps rotate constantly, they've never wavered on the quality of beer.  
I'm not gonna complain about the newer, pricey menu...cause I love it.  I really do.  Those boar tacos, especially during happy hour when they're half price, are out-freakin-standing.  And there's just something about that grilled cheese.  yummy.  
The tap room also hold one of my favorite summer events...The Wheat Beer Fest.  An all day homage to drinkin the wheaties.  I wish this was more than just once a year.Solid bar. Great beer selection. Great staff. Nuff said.Came to visit here with some friends, one of which lived in the area.
The service was friendly, knowledgable, and helpful.  I had a Hefeweizen.  It was delicious and refreshing.
I loved the mix of items on the menu.  The menu itself wasn't terribly long.  However, the items seemed exciting.  Things like beef tartare, wild boar tacos, etc.
I enjoyed some delicious deviled eggs that contained I believe some cheddar, horseradish, and were topped with a halved cornichon.  Amazing.  
I had a fish sandwich, which was good.  But wasn't great.  I had picked it in a bit of a panic.  It felt not as moist as it should be.  It was still a delight, though.  However, the sides on the plate were large medallions of spiced pickle, french fries, pickled green tomato, and pickled mushroom.  I would reorder the dish for the sides alone they were that yummy.  I'm not sure if I've ever said that before?
Don't let this dissuade you from the fish sandwich- again, it was good, not great.  I'm tempted to try one of the other main dishes when, not if, I return.  
Bravo, South Philadelphia Tap Room.Great food here and a lot of beers.
Burger here is great. Juicy, well cooked, and well seasoned meat with thick, fatty, crisp bacon. Yum.
Wild boar tacos were great too and very meaty. I liked the fried onions they topped on the Mac and cheese.
Service was good. 
Will definitely returnwent here for dinner last night! so good! the apps were 1/2 price during happy hour - until 6. wild boar tacos - really really good! mac & cheese is a must get!! bacon, jalapenopeppers & a corn bread crumble. YUMMM!!!! we also got the sea scallops frittata - that was also great! and a veg dish with black beans and other stuff. SO SO SO GOOD! so glad we went there! will def. be going back with the hubs!I come here all the time after work.  Great local rotating beer on tap, great food, and great staff!  Looking for a regular hangout in South Philly?  This is the place!!The negative yelp reviews are likely only people who couldn't get laid in college.  Everything you've heard about the place being terrific is spot onUp and down with this place, and right now it is up. I had the soft shell crab tacos, and they were filling and delicious. My friend had the fish and chips and that is always sub par. The fish has a weird taste to it, so you end up dowsing it in the malt vinegar. It is like a fish sticks taste... blegh. At least the beer selection is awesome always. Can't screw that one up to much!having only been here three times, i may not be the best of judges, but i do try. i ate here once and the food was very good, i dont think the food is the main draw here though. the beer list is great, there are usually a bunch of the greats on draft  and the bottle list is notable, they had three of the big bottles from lost abbey available. this place is definately a spot to hit if you are, in fact a beer fan. my only complaint, and it is a very small one, i suffered through this nice guy getting gouged all night for $4.00 yuengling lagers, though alot of the other beers were reasonably priced. i guess thats where they make the margin or maybe that guy shoulda been drinkin somethin else.
i'm comin back for brunch!$1.50 Kenzingers during happy hour, Monday through Friday, 4-6. GREAT music. GREAT bartenders. Excellent food. Sweet beer selection. Don't be an idiot, go here, even if they insist on propagating that "Newbold" crap.Took the mom here, seriously awesome lunch with great service. Deviled eggs with crab were super crabby, no shortcuts there. Tartar was good. The trout was prepared perfectly, something you would expect from a fancy restaurant.This is a (mostly) brunch review....
Came in to grab a nice quiet brunch with my fiance. Unfortunately for us, SPTR had the same thing in mind, since it seemed like our server didn't want any part of talking to us. Our morning started of by walking in to the stone silence of the staff, no greeting. We sat down and asked for coffee. Repeat, WE asked for coffee, it was not offered. When it did arrive, It was cold. No water was ever offered. 
There were dirty dishes sitting out and it smelled awful in there. As if I had a party at my house and had neglected to clean up. Stale beer. Yuck.  
The food was aight. The grilled cheese was standard fare. Tomato lager soup hit a little too close to home much considering the wicked scents already wafting around. As for the side of mac n cheese, well that was cold. I would have sent it back, but our server never spoke to us again to see if we needed refills, check on the food or anything else. 
We've also been to the Tap Room a number of times during different parts of the day. Our other experiences haven't been as bad as this, though none were ever particularly good either. The servers, again, have always had a snide attitude. Once a beer snob server didn't want to serve me a Sea Dog that I ordered. I understand that gastropubs aren't exactly renowned for their service, nor should they be expected to, but must I feel like they are doing me a favor by taking my order? Whatever. 
I tried to like the Tap Room, really, I did. I gave it 5 or 6 chances in the last few years, with experiences ranging from minimally acceptable to downright awful. It just hasn't worked out. 
Basically, I'll never step foot in here again.Definitely one of my go-to spots in the city. I love when they have the bologna sliders, they pair perfectly with a nice, cold pilsner. All the bartenders are extremely friendly and seem genuinely excited to be working here and selling the quality product that the do. There's always a lively buzz to the place. Couldn't recommend more.Place is great!!! Perfect happy hour place. My girlfriend and I are becoming regulars. Make the trip when ya can.I've been here a handful of times and it's been pretty great each time. Most recently went on a cold Saturday night and had a good dinner. It was seat yourself and we were lucky enough to snag the perfect table. Unsure of what wait times normally are. We had wings which were delicious. No blue cheese or dressing, and very spicy- just what we were looking for. The grilled cheese was good, pickled vegetables and fries good. Oh, the one thing I wasn't pumped for- the lager tomato soup was NOT what I was looking for- just a little too beer-y for me. Chicken bahn me was awesome and we will definitely be back.Awesome beer selection and delicious food. The tomato lager soup was a revelation. The wait staff has been very friendly both times that we've gone (Sunday breakfast and Saturday night dinner). There is ample seating, which is always nice.Let me make this absolutely clear, as to protect the innocent:
Mom, I love you.  And I L-O-V-E your homemade macaroni 'n cheese.
And to the SPTR chef who makes his/her own version of the splendorous dish, I simultaneously love and hate you for it.  It's way too delicious for its own good, and you've forced me to question my beloved mother's number 1 status for mac 'n cheese.  You really should be ashamed of yourself.  I'll be back for more.
SPTR has an admirable array of draught beers, not all to my particular liking, but definitely hitting all the marks for variety of pales, lagers, barley wines and stouts.  There's something for everyone.  Unless you're a person who doesn't like beer.  Or decent mac 'n cheese.  Or good hearty food of any kind.  Then you wouldn't be coming to a place called a Tap Room to begin with, would you?This is my second time time here. The food has been amazing, and the the beer selection is really good. Tonight all of my tables beers were flat. Maybe just something not happening tonight...My hubby and I came here for dinner and we both ordered burgers and fries. The food was okay. We ordered apple cider on tap, which was actually pretty good. The ambience was casual and inviting, and I look forward to a return visit, but I'll be sure to order something different.This is a great local spot. I have been frequequenting  Philly a lot lately and get to try out all kinds of new spots. Last night we came to the Top House. Menu is small but everything was very good and eclectic. The beer taps are extensive including one on cask and one on nitro. For the price you won't be disappointed with the quality of the food and beer in a good, local pub environment.Quality beers for under $6?
I can sit at a table during dinner service even if I just want to drink?
The bartender is (*gasp*)....smiling?!
I'm clearly not in a NY beer bar anymore.  This happenin corner joint encompasses what I seek in a place to get my Friday drink on....It was packed but with a subdued crowd that were preoccupied with personal conversation as opposed to the loud and rowdy exclamations of drunkenness I have come to expect on the weekends.  The staff was busy  but not in a way that made you feel like conversation was out of the question, and the jukebox was fantastic---and it didn't light up, download from the internet, or cost an obscene amount to indulge in...YIPPEE!
I enjoyed it so much we returned the next day for brunch, which was not as thrilling of an experience (the server was clearly either drunk or hungover to an extreme that impaired his functioning) and pretty much made every mistake possible.  I won't hold it against you, SPTR...this time.
On a side note I left my wallet on the table and it was returned to me, with everything inside....including cash.  Yea, I'm not in NY anymore.Review is only for the beer an not the food. But it's a great beer bar with knowledgeable waiters that let you sample beers. And it's gotten me into south philly and away from the crowds of center city.This place has probably some of the best bar food you'll ever sink your teeth into. The Monster grilled cheese sandwich is killer! Not to mention they have a fine selection of beers bottled and tapped. Even some seasonal stuff you'd be surprised. The service is very friendly and it caters to a fun crowd of all ages. I was even impressed with the selections available on their jukebox. Now they extended their place to a seating area for real dining, also upping their menu for more delites. So if you're new to the South Philly area and want to find a comfortable and affordable bar, this is it!We get to the tap room maybe once every couple of months, most recently last night. I know they've gone through some menu changes, and I've been told in the past that their Nazi chef is gone. With the menu as is, they have some mighty tasty treats available at decent prices. I've had the vegan hoagie, available at $10, a few times and each time I am full with food still left on the plate. The hummus plate for $8 was just enough to fill me up, and a great consistency, paired with some roasted peppers, cucumbers, olives, and warmed pita. Also delicious is the tomato lager soup, better than your average tomato soup. It's a great choice when you have a mix of omnivores and vegetarians (or vegans).
This wouldn't be a true tap room if they didn't have a great selection of beers on tap, and boy, do they. They usually have around a dozen or more beers available, and the selection ranges pretty widely,with quite a few PA options (and usually a few Michigan ones too, which I'm always happy to see). Prices of the beers are great as well, usually ranging from $4 to $6 or so for most beers on tap.  And if they don't have on tap, they just might have it available in bottle, with a decent selection. Don't come here looking for the majors, though. Their selection is all about the craft beers, and that's just fine with me.
The only thing I don't like is the volume. Maybe my age is starting to show, but I hate having to talk really loudly just as part of my dinner conversation. I'm not looking for quiet dining here; I'd just like to not have to constantly ask someone to repeat what they said. Oh, also, the bartender / server is just a bit too impatient (even when not that busy), and lets it show with some passive-aggressive attitude. But ifJust far enough from the center that you probably won't run into anyone you know. Kenzinger is 3 bux. Plus a wide, revolving selection of other beers on tap. The men's room is painted in blackboard, and chalk is provided. The women's, unfortunately, offers nothing. 
The food is excellent. The tomato lager soup come with mini grilled cheeses sitting in the bowl. The wild boar tacos are gourmet and may be the best i've ever had, even better than late night san francisco mission super tacos for 2 and half dollars. The fries are amazing, too, and the ketchup must be homemade. 
It's nice and dark and not too crowded during the week. It's clean and well kept and not quite a dive. It's a new favorite.Great, off-the-beaten-path gastropub. The homemade ketchup was great - as we're all of the other sauces on our burger and sandwich.
The highlight of the meal was the wild boar taco starter. We started with them and then our second order came after our meal. We couldn't have just one.  Yum. 
I'd love to return to see what the scene is like on a weekend. I bet it's fun - seemed like a good crowd with a good beer selection.Amazing Brunch!
We went on the burger and the vegan tacos!
Perfect :)
The beer offer is also great!
Thank you guysThe grilled cheese, meatball sandwich, burger, and vegan hoagie have all been tried and all get rave reviews from this Yelper.  By far my favorite is the meatball sandwich, but be prepared to not feel hungry for approximately 20-24 hours.  
Second on the list would be the burger, but mostly because of all the pickled accompaniments that come with it (pickles, peppers, green tomatoes..all available for your salty enjoyment).  
I've also sampled both the steak fries and the salad as sides, and this salad is one the best side salads out there if you love olives and onions.
This place is great for a lazy Saturday or Sunday afternoon.A local spot with delicious Inspired dishes with fresh local ingredients and reasonable prices and BEER! Had a great dinner here- ordered the cheesesteak sliders for app, grilled bluefish and my boyfriend had the grilled cheese and tomato soup (he claimed it the best ever). We will definitely be back!Very pleasant experience.  Great atmosphere and really good food which is reasonably priced.  We will definitely go back!This is my favorite spot for dinner in the neighborhood, I go as frequently as I can afford. Food is awesome (I've gotten the brussels sprouts twice and they were even better than I remembered the second time), beer selection is well-rounded, and everything is well-priced.
Went tonight, and our waitress (smiley blonde, wish I caught her name to request her next time!) was incredibly sweet and thorough about helping my date figure out the beer he wanted. Great table presence, didn't hover, and walked straight to the kitchen and straight back with an answer to the only question she wasn't sure about (of many questions!) Will be back very soon, I'm sure.Great spot for lunch!  Congrats Philly, you have a winner and like the eagles, this place delivers!  The burger was perfect!  Seasoned but not overdone.  You can taste the meat and vegetables.  Devilled eggs were great...especially with the caper!  This is one caper that is legit!  The empanada was great, but can I get some cheese with it?  Live and learn.  Folks, the lamb has warm spices in it (cinnamon nutmeg allspice family).  Grilled cheese was great and was especially good with bacon and tomato. Definitely a must try!  They even make their own catsup!Just moved to Passyunk Square area and have been going to the bars and restraints around that area, and we wanted to try something new. We went to SPTR on a Monday night. The only reason I'm giving 2 stars is because of the beer. I had the burger, cooked rare. It came out a bit cold and there wasn't much flavor to the been. And for $13 it was not worth it. Fries were typical and were not that great. 
Honestly if I wanted a burger I would rather take my business to a different place. 
I also ended up having half of the lamb sandwich because my girlfriend didn't like it at all. We weren't sure if it was supposed to be a cold sandwich or not, but it was and because of that it wasn't the best. I think it might be better warm. 
Overall I was disappointed in the trip. We may go back again for beers and I'll try the burger again to see if things changed or I just had a bad one.I have grown a little wary or maybe weary of brunch. The hair of the dog seems to be less a cure and more a temptress leading to useless napping, or on my thirteenth beer by halftime Steve. I have also become tired of the "It's brunch" so service is out the window gig. Even my favorite dinning spots have come up small for brunch. 
The problem is my Wife loves it. 
The solution is the South Philly Taproom. 
I have been to the Taproom once before and found it to be adequate, but forgettable. The kind of place I find difficult to review. I am glad i didn't until now. Brunch was great! The bartender was friendly with a smile. the servers were quick and pleasant. it wasn't crowded, but the mix of folks who were there was interesting. 
The food was very good, simple and tasty. The eggs were a little dry, but lots of people like them that way. I am embarrassed to tell you what I ordered, but it was delicious, arteries be dammed. 
The TVs were on and tuned to the pregame, but the music was also loud enough to hear. As in Alexandra W.'s review, they get points for playing The Smiths. Heaven knows I wasn't miserable thenI really enjoyed the food..... A++++++I ordered wings from here & they were really spicy so I asked for something to cool it down like ranch or blue cheese (because it didn't even come with my wings). The waiter said it was an extra $1 for it. I was desperate for it since it was really spicy so I said yes. I receive a tiny little cup of ranch dressing that I had to pay a $1 extra for. My friend needed mayo for her burger but we were apprehensive about asking because we didnt want to be charged for another condiment. Overall the service was good. The food was well seasoned. Just annoyed about the ranch/blue cheese thing.So many good times here so many good friends here. This place is not a bar this place is more of a friends hang out. Inexpensive shots so you can't go wrong. So stop by and support your local businesses.Enjoyable dinner, it's a bar but still family friendly.  They have a nice beer draft list and while the menu is small, the options are tasty.  Do yourself a favor and get the fried pb&j.Just visiting philly and this was close to our Airbnb and it did not disappoint! Incredible food and beer selection!My boyfriend and I found ourselves hungry for dinner at about 6pm on a Monday night. We were in the neighborhood, and saw that SPTR had omni and veggie options alike so decided to give it a try.
The atmosphere is pub-y, our waiter was friendly and helpful, and there is plenty of table seating along with a good sized bar. But the FOOD. The food is the reason to go to SPTR.
We started with the cold blanched swiss chard with pickled bean sprouts over local tofu. Wonderfully flavorful, perfectly blanched chard, and silken tofu underneath that made all of the components together a seriously satisfying bite. I eat a lot of tofu and a lot of greens and I've never had anything quite like this before. After the outstanding appetizer, we had high hopes for our entrees. My boyfriend got the burger, and said it was one of the best burgers he's ever had (and this guy knows a good hamburger!) A side of house made pickles and house made ketchup took the entree a few steps above a regular pub burger. I had a grilled eggplant (vegan), and it was absolutely one of the best vegan dishes I have ever had in Philadelphia. Three big, juicy slices of eggplant smothered in harissa and grilled perfectly. Over top was a tabbouleh-like salad of arugula, couscous, some chopped cucumber and red onion, kalamata olives and raisins. It was full of fresh mint and herbs that made it the perfect complement to the fiery eggplant. Overall a completely superb meal, light yet hearty, satisfying and great as leftovers for lunch the next day!
I cannot recommend this place enough, for meat eaters, vegetarians or vegans. I would go back and eat this same dish over and over. It is the only vegan entree on the menu, but I don't count this as a negative towards SPTR because it is perfect!Holy fried chicken and cornbread heaven. After taking a bite of the huge piece of cornbread that came with four generous sized portions of crispy, perfectly seasoned pieces of fried chicken, my boyfriend declared that "this is the best cornbread I have ever had." After he said that, I pounced on it and tried to shove as much as possible in my mouth. He was right. It was moist (I HATE that word but that's the only way to describe it), full of flavor and had a bit of a kick. I also tried a bite of my friend's burger (delicious) and some fried pickles (also delicious). I love the atmosphere here - dark, warm, inviting, and a good amount of outdoor seating. I am told that brunch is just as good as dinner...I will be back for the cornbread.Stopped for a pre hockey game casual dinner at this small corner bar during happy hour. Ended up just doing apps and snacks for myself while the hubby got the pork sandwich. Everything was delicious, most surprisingly the head cheese tacos which sounded scary gross but were really tasty! Don't fear the pig face!! Featured cocktails were nice, and plenty of good beers on tap with one on nitro and one on the beer engine. The roasted Brussels sprouts were crazy good and the fries were actual potatoes, not those hideous, breaded, fake, extruded things. Bad fries are a deal-breaker for me, and theirs were hot and crisp and worth ordering on their own. They had several items clearly marked as vegan or vegetarian even though the menu is small, so there really is something for everyone. As an added bonus the Christmas decor made the whole place seem extra cozy. This place is going into the rotation, I can't wait to go back and try more stuff.South Philadelphia Tap Room was a little more expensive and a bit more upscale than I was expecting, but it satisfied nonetheless. A few small changes, and this would be a perfect 5.
When I walked in last night, the music was unnecessarily loud, and I would have walked out were it not for SPTR's excellent reputation. Since it was crowded, my friends and I were seated underneath one of the speakers on the lower level, which didn't help the volume situation at all. I would have liked to sit upstairs or outside where we wouldn't have to shout at each other, but such is life! The beer and food made up for the crazy high decibel level, although we probably would have stayed much longer and had more drinks if it were just a tad quieter in there. The local beer selection was solid, and the food was surprisingly inventive. I had the tomato lager soup with mini grilled cheese, and it was one of the best takes on grilled cheese and tomato soup I've had. At 7-9 bucks (don't remember exactly), it's a bit steep for an appetizer but it was worth it. The onions provided a welcome crunch to the dish, and livened up a traditional staple. The soup was well-balanced and had a thick texture with large tomato chunks, which I loved. My friend had the grilled local asparagus, which was similarly delicious. The other vegetarian options looked interesting as well, and I'd love to come back and try them.
Just turn down the volume next time! I'm hoarse from shouting at my friends.
Sincerely,
Grandma SpruceIf you're looking for a quiet, romantic dinner, you'll not find that here.   What you WILL find is a hip atmosphere, good music, great food and a terrific & friendly staff.  I had the Shepherd's Pie accompanied with a "Duck Rabbit-Rabid Duck" stout.   You can order the pie without peas, which was a godsend for me.  My co-worker ordered the bacon & jalapeño Mac & cheese, which he graciously shared.  It was flavorful and creamy.  He also ordered the Nashville Hot chicken sandwich.  He commented that it was all he expected and very tasty.  I ended on a glass of "Commonwealth black cherry cider" which went down very nicely.  Erin was our server and she was very attentive & friendly. She helped us choose our next place to dine.  I'll definitely come back here.Stopped in on a Thursday evening and the place was full, which is usually a good sign. Got a table quickly and had great service from Laura Lee, Millie and the other bartender with the amazing beard. The food was great i recommend the open face chicken sandwich unless ou are afraid of awesome. The beer list was an excellent mix of varieties and brewers. I had the Lagunitas Double IPA, then a Troegs Hopback Amber on the cask, if they have it go for it the Hopback was singing on the cask!!
Highly recommended if you are in the neighborhood or even not in the neighborhood get over there, thank you Philly for having so many great beer spots!Food = 4.5 Stars
Beer Menu = 4.5 Stars
Atmosphere = 4 Stars
Brunch = 5 Bajillion Stars
There's little I can complain about from South Philly Taproom. Foods good, beers good, atmosphere and service are (you guessed it) good.
I want to discuss something very dear to my heart. It's called... the "Black and Brown". This is a drink I first had at the SP Taproom, and I constantly crave it on the reg. It's 1/2 Porter, 1/2 Root Beer and 1/2 Amazing. It's my favorite brunch drink and is the perfect compliment to the...............
BREAKFAST BURGER. Seriously folks, the breakfast burger is ridiculous. It's a burger (just needed to establish that) with bacon, and a fried egg. Now I know this might have been done before... but SP Taproom just does it so damn good.
I've also had the Cheesesteak Omelet, also very very good. The brunch at SP Taproom is just greatness.Great place and food.   Fried pb and j sandwich is awesome.   Staff is very friendly.  Parking is only issue.Soo... yeah...we normally love SPTR, and were disappointed to arrive Halloween night to be presented with the new Scott Wasabi menu...we were pretty disappointed with the meal.  Not great food at not great prices. They should've keep the regular menu.I probably never would of ended up here if it were for my goal of hitting the top 50 bars of 2012 all in 2013 but I am so glad I did, South Philadelphia Taproom was an awesome bar.  The bar tender was very friendly as was the other patrons around me.  Loved the high ceiling and large windows in the front area of the bar made the place feel vibrant.  They have a decent draft selection to choice from.  Its a little far away from me but I'd totally consider coming back.SPTR just skyrocketed to the top of my pub list. 
I went here for lunch with a buddy of mine a few years ago, and I was so turned off by the miserable bartender, I sort of wrote the place off. Last night, one of my beer-loving comrades suggested we have dinner here. I looked up the tap list and menu online, found it promising, and decided to give it another go. 
I'm glad I did. 
We got there around 6:30. It was full, but not crowded. It was tough choosing a beer to start out with from the stellar selection. I went with the Allagash Fluxus, before moving on to the Duck Rabbit Doppelbock and Bruery Autumn Maple. 
For dinner I got the vegan hoagie. Lawd-a-mercy. It was enormous, and packed to the gills with tempeh, roasted portabellos, red onion, lettuce and tomato and slathered in vegan mayo. It was totally irresponsible to eat the whole thing, but I couldn't resist. The thick-cut steak fries where a nice change of pace. They had the perfect balance of crispy outside and soft potaoey goodness inside, and were generously (but not overly) salted.  I also had a side of sauteed spinach with garlic and red pepper flakes.  Our server was attentive, patient and friendly.
A fine pub meal. Yeah, I'll be returning.There are several reasons I am giving this bar my 5 star approval so Ill cut right to the chase:
I frequent the bar 2-3 times a month on average.
1.  They serve quality food, consistently. 
2.  The service even when busy is more acceptable than most bars.
3.  They have a better burger than Royal Tavern (yes the Royal Tavern burger being the best burger is an absolute myth, anyone can make a better burger and they do)
4.  They have the best grilled cheese and tomato soup.  (And it rivals the Abbey circa 2006)
5.  They are often times $1 dollar cheaper than the other bars in the city and their quality is a notch higher.  That if you ask me is the deal maker in these economic times of hardship.
I have to give a few cons only on deserts.
1.  Rotate the desert menu more often or expand it.
2.  Make sure the center of the pot brownie is hot!
3.  You don't have to make the desert as big as the entree to make people happy.I love SPTR, especially their brunch. It never disappoints, until this past Sunday. This is not a complaint per say but as I stated above, a disappointment. I went with friends and as always ordered the JORJITO'S ENFRIJOLADAS.-my standard fare- only to find out the menu had been changed.  I was broken hearted- I still am. It was the perfect brunch item and I crave it often. While what I ordered was superb as was my bloody mary,  I know going back there won't be the same. Please bring it back, I beg you. If you have yet to brunch there, go. it's stellar and since you havent had the JORJITO'S ENFRIJOLADAS you will not be disappointed.Found this place through the food network. We went specifically for the fried peanut butter and jelly sandwich.... so good!!! Wasn't particularly pleased with the drink/beer menu but the sandwich was good.Great beers  Great Brunch   love this place but I wish they would bring back the donuts.  Salt and vinegar wings are AWESOME!I like this place a lot. It's like the clientele from the P.O.P.E grew up, got jobs, had kids but still needed a decent pub. The food is innovative without being considered strange. The service was really good too. The bar and beer list are also on point. There is tons of seating as well. 
If you're in south philly, looking for a good pub and some some food, but without all the crazy yahoos, this is probably a good bet. Good for a date, groups of friends, or hell, take your parents there.Cool atmosphere and nice servers. Beer  selection limited (for happy hour more so) and not my favorite choices. Menu also limited and meh. Had the tacos, which were good, and the BBQ chicken sandwich, which was fine.Location and size of the restaurant remind me of a neighborhood dive, but SPTR is far from it. 
First things first, I loved sitting outside on a summer night. The neighborhood is fairly quiet and unless it's a crazy busy weekend night, there is usually seating outside.
I had the thyme lemonade, which I really enjoyed. If you like citrus vodka and something refreshing, this ones for you. My friends had the spicy margarita which you can't go wrong with either. 
For starters, 3 of us shared the shrimp ceviche. I recommend it! Great blend of spices and served with house made plantain chips! Mmmm.  We also each had a head cheese taco which is pretty tiny. The size of one nacho actually but delicious! 
For entrees we all had the flank steak with Farro! We saw it on their Instagram and it tasted even better than I expected it would. Fairly healthy, as well!
Will definitely be Back. Heard the burger is amazing!Finally had a chance to go here after seeing it on Triple D.  We showed up after they had their wheat beer festival all day.  The place was about 1/3 filled and i was expecting it to be packed.
The wild boar tacos and mexican chocolate donuts were very good.
tomato soup with grilled cheese wasnt bad
good beer selctionThe first time I stopped by here was for a work function.  I was not disappointed,  I couldn't believe a bar in South Philly looked like this!  Happy hour is the best, half priced local drafts and apps.  I love the boar tacos, yum yum.  I enjoyed sitting on the second floor close to the big open windows.  This is one of my drafts location.  I love the drafts list is always changing.My friends and I came here for brunch/lunch on a Sunday afternoon and we were pleasantly surprised by the experience.  They were able to seat the 6 of us right away with no problems.  Food was good with large portions.  I ordered the brisket hash with egg and while there probably could have been a little bit more brisket, I really enjoyed it.  The only cons are that parking can be a little difficult and its a tiny bit on the pricier side.  But I think we all agreed we'd go back.3 cheers for the South Philly Taproom!
We go there every Friday for Happy Hr and it is always something I look forward to!  The beers are diverse and just the right price!  I absolutely love the sliders and tacos.  The staff is attentive and the ambience is very comfortable.The South Philly Tap Room is one of the better restaurants in this area. It had really great food and is a decent brunch spot. There's 2 rooms one is more of the dining area with a dim lit setting for a nice dinner and  then the other is the bar that has tvs and Philly sports on.
The Tap Room Has a decent selection of beers. I got the Winter Manhattan which was a really good cocktail that had a hint of cranberry. For dinner, we split a couple of appetizers, one was the wild boar tacos that were delicious. I got the burger which was pretty good, but a bit messy. The fries were really good here with their homemade ketchup. My friend got the Grilled cheese and tomato soup which was also a good meal. Price range for dinner was about $10 - $15 for each dish. Overall a good place and I would love to come back to try some other items.I've been here a few times. The food here is awesome. The service here is unacceptable. I can't stand the waitresses here. They take thier time coming to your table, rush you through the order, and then you never see them again until you've been finished your meal.  It's annoying normally, but especially when I order a burger and there's no ketchup on the table, or when I never get my appetizer. I wish I could give South Philly tap room 5 stars. The atmosphere is nice and there's always a nice mix of people(some nights are more hipster filled than others..) I keep going back hoping that my opinion will change, but it's always the same experience. Awesome beer, not outrageously priced, interesting(boar tacos, rib eye sliders, mac and cheese, etc) deliscious food, and really really lame service. Boo.Staff sucked and some asshole thought it was funny to blast fart noises over the PA system all night. 
This place is a chamber filled with bros trying to "slum it"...Really wish it could be 5 stars... truly I do.  Beer selection and menu are great, well-rotated, and well-complemented, and the atmosphere is really nice.  The burgers are excellent.
Only problem is the very spotty service.  Sometimes "on", but often "off".  A little grouchiness, a little inattentive, a little slow.  If they ever care enough to fix this this review will certainly go to 5 stars, but honestly at this point I had to push myself to NOT make it 3 this time around.I had the breakfast burger....Hit the spot. More options as to brunch would have been appreciated, but the problem was that I had had eggs beforehand. Didn't want to double down on the eggie weggies. I liked sitting outside. My beer was beer.I was in Philly for the first time a long time this past weekend and I had the pleasure of gracing the South Philly Taproom with my presence. 
After driving from Jersey in the snow and questioning whether a street named West Passyunk exists, we finally found the SPTR on a corner in the middle of a quiet neighborhood. Walked in a got a table right near the door- I really enjoyed the vibe... dark and intimate, with candles on the tables. 
Awesome beer selection!! Lots of belgian beers ( I believe I got a belgian stout, which I had never tried before... yum!) as well as some local stuff. But, what I was really impressed by was the food. I mean a place could have an awesome beer selection but sucky food, but not SPTR! Everything I tried was delicious. 
My friend and I started off with the wild boar tacos for an appetizer, which were very good- meat was very tender and flavorful, kinda tasted like steak! For my entree I got one of the specials- trout with horseradish sauce and potato latkes. YUM YUM YUM!!!! Fish was cooked perfectly and the meal included not just the horseradish sauce but a side of greens with the horseradish sauce on top of them, which I proceeded to put on top of the fish so I could eat them together.... AMAZING. Potato latkes were extremely delicious as well!! Perfect amount of crispiness.
My friends got the grilled cheese + tomato soup, burger, and pork sandwich (?) Everyone enjoyed their food. I will definitely be back the next time I'm in Philly (which will hopefully be sooner rather than later) to try more unique beers and whatever they have on their specials menu. Overall I was very very impressed.Thankfully there is a new chef with a lovely and simple menu.  Homemade pickles are a highlight and the beer menu is always great.  Glad the ol' Taproom is back.I have been coming to this bar for years. Every time I come here I get a smile, good beer and great food. The service is always awesome and the staff are great at making me feel welcome. During my latest visit I sat near service bar and had great conversation with candice1, candice2, and meredith. You girls are awesome. If you go here request them! Keep up the great work sptr!I spent the entire heat-wave-esque St Patrick's Day afternoon seated outdoors here, with good food (the wild boar tacos were meal-licious even though billed as appetizers), good drinks (I don't remember what it was besides that it was beer, and when is beer bad?), and good conversation. As such it deserves a special place in my heart.Let me correct myself now. The bartender I had the last time was Candance and she was great. My liquid marijuana was amazing. Today, I am in here celebrating my birthday by myself and Cassandra is an absolute doll. Making all of my personal drink request (Blackberry Mojito). Must check these two amazing ladies out for great cocktails. I might need a ride after my 4th specialty drink. Best South Philly bar and stays open late on a Monday night. My ricotta doughnuts are aww... So good. Sweet tooth  probably has tons of cavity right now. Lol.My local bar.  Excellent beer selection, delicious food, good atmosphere.  What more can you ask for?  
The tap list has a few regulars and a number of rotating taps.  The beer prices are pretty decent ($3 Kenzinger pints!) and their happy hour helps more by taking 50% off local brews.  You can find some rarities here at times and their bottle selection is not bad at all.
The food here is awesome!  The 3-cheese grilled cheese and tomato lager soup (made with Yuengling lager!) is amazingly yummy, and they have pretty good steak fries (with homemade ketchup).  The food specials change around; everything from wild boar tacos to a huge eggplant parmesan, crispy potato tacos to a vegan hoagie, and lots more.  
I'm so happy this is my local bar.I still like the ambience of this neighborhood bar. Last night however I experienced terrible service. I ordered soup. My friend with an entrée was finished eating before my soup even arrived. The waitress was completely unapologetic ans simply said she delivered it to the wrong table. I was not happy and I left hungry.One of the best happy hours in the city. Half off local draughts and apps which makes those amazing wild boar tacos only $5 instead of $10, so yea I got 2 orders.  The sliders were equally amazing, best I've had in a while.  Also tried Great Lakes Nosferatu and loved it, a great beer for the season, so get one before they disappear.  Our server was good but a little smile and person-ability would've been nice. Why do hipsters think smiling will make them less hip? He would have gotten a much bigger tip if he'd shown some interest in being there.I really like the atmosphere and the beer list at SPTR but I think the food options overall are a bit limited.  
I also think it's a bit pretentious to be denied an additional topping (such as a tomato on a grilled cheese) to your sandwich.  I get it, it's the chefs call, but a little effort to make a customer happy goes a long way.
Good jukebox.  Decent service.  Good prices.  Be prepared to wait for a table on the weekends at dinner hour.Great staff, great beer, menu is great EXCEPT the boiled peanuts- please stop.  How about trading in for a specialty (daily) popcorn or sweet & spicy pecans...anything but boiled peanuts!I wish I could tell you how delicious the food is or great the beer selection is but I wasn't able to find a seat to test said products as sadly, SPTR doesn't believe in a host to seat patrons.  
Instead, they seemingly believe that a true dining experience is fending for yourself, hanging out in a crowded bar, and lurking over tables like a vulture.  Once you're seated, nothing goes with delicious beer like someone's butt right in front of your face as the spill-over from the bar leads to people standing right in front of you.  While you hurriedly choke down your food, you're given the pleasure of having people stare you down while they wonder if you are going to get moving or what?  
Again, I'm regretful that I was robbed this pleasurable experience.  Maybe some day.This is a great little bar deep in South Philly. My friend and I spent several hours at one of the sidewalk tables. It is in a lively, busy neighborhood, and there was a steady flow of people going in and out of the bar throughout the evening, but it was never crowded. It looked like a lot of them were local, as many of them arrived walking. 
Excellent beer list. The Apex is delicious. And the Kenzinger is only $3.00, as a Kenzinger should be.
I had the wild boar tacos, which were just delicious. My friend, who has celiacs, was easily accommodated (and goes there often herself; they can always accommodate for her), and enjoyed her meal as well. 
Very nice atmosphere, not a kid bar, most of the people looked to be around 30. I prefer dive bars myself, and this was a nice alternative, non-pretentious, but not a dive; not too loud, but not boring. Great place!Perhaps I came with the wrong set of expectations. For a gastropub, I was hoping that it would deliver on friendly service and "high-end" drinks and food. I personally think despite all the positive reviews, SPTP delivered on 1.5 of those goals which gives it a 3-rating.
Our waiter was friendly and quick - providing just the right balance of giving us time and space to enjoy and not making us wait impatiently to check in. The beers were affordable and very refreshing - I got a summer shandy, and for a beer noob, I really enjoyed it. Now the food told a different story. I guess the menu descriptions threw us a curve ball, I expected to be salivating over our food, and I sure was when our plates came out...but not when I took a bite.
We ordered a starter pork cutlet ($11) to accompany a BBQ chicken sandwich ($11). A starter for that price, I was expecting to be gourmet. The pork was significant...significantly disappointing - overcooked, super dry, and bland. If it didn't include a nicely dressed cucumber and watercress salad, it would have been too unappetizing to swallow. The chicken was tender, but didn't seem to be marinated or seasoned deeply enough so without the bbq sauce, it lacked flavor. The highlight of my lunch was the crispy fries and homemade ketchup. I would have gotten a few sides of the fries for my meal in lieu of the app and sandwich.
Next time, I'll get more sides or more drinks to fill me up.I'm definitely a fan of their beer selection. Been here a few times; never tried the food. I always go here for Beer Week, especially the Lagunitas 420 celebration. So after hearing so much about how great Chef Scott's food is I decided to try one of the special things he cooked up for the Lagunitas fest. One of the best breweries ever; if you're into bold, hoppy beers. I had the mac'n cheesesteak tacos which I thought were just O.K. Mac n cheese a little bland, meat not really flavorful either. Needed something to spice it up, some salsa fresca, sauce, something! Seemed uninspired and thought to myself I could do better; why did I just waste $12. Amazing beer made up for it. I would return to drink here, but would be hesitant to try food again. I know he can do better; or so I'm told.I've been putting off writing my review of SPTR for a while now. I wanted to approach it with the proper attention it deserved. 
I love this place. Maybe it's the food, the lighting, the staff, the look of the place....or maybe it's the beer? Maybe all of the above. 
The beer menu is always up to par with any of the best in town. 
They had a bluefish special for dinner once. It was the kind of dish that whisked my mind away temporarily. Was I really sitting at a bar in South Philly? Wow. Also, as far as food is concerned....three all-important words:
WILD BOAR TACOS.
I could be having a discussion be it face-to-face, via email or text about politics, relationships, work or sub-atomic particles when myself or one of the other participants interjects with:
"...wild boar tacos?" 
Focus shifts, priorities realign, agendas are altered. 
These things have become the stuff of legend between myself and those closest to me. The mere mention of them can be a conversation stopper.
SPTR does something unique, I feel, in that it incorporates many of the great aspects of quality gastropubs around the city into one place. 
- Avant-garde menu 
- Excellent selection of craft beers.
- Great staff.
- Coziness factor. 
- Attracting a chill crowd which fosters a laid-back vibe.
SPTR has a warmth and charm that few other places match. (No place's name looks cooler abbreviated either.)I love this place. It's such a gem in the small corner of hicks street. Quick story, I grew up around the corner to this place and it used to be a biker/gang bar ( that's before i could drink) . When taproom opened I saw a more friendly/ less-intimidating crowd. They put glass windows in to make it more friendly instead of barred windows. 
Now that I am able to drink I go here all the time, even though I no longer live around the corner ( the irony). The food is always delicious , you can taste quality and they  to tell you where they get their food from! My boyfriend always gets the burger, but for me, it varies. Sometimes I like the beef tartare. Sometimes it's the muscles or clams depending what's in season. I've had the buttersquash with fish dish once. I don't remember the name but it was seasonal dish. I've recently tried their Mac and cheese. No complaints here. Everything is good. And the beer selection is incredible. So if your looking for good food and good ale the taproom is for you.Saw this on a Triple D show and my mouth was watering so, I had to try it. (I live 25min. away) We ordered what was on the show - fried p,b&j, ricotta donuts & boar taco's. OMG - so delicious!! But the show stopper and truly the most delicious flavour I have ever had (and now crave it often) was the Tomato Lager soup that came with my 3 Cheese Grilled Cheese. If you go, you must, must order this!!!! It's love in a cup. I can't stress this enough. Get it.  You will thank me. Oh, and they are really nice and have a fun, large beer selection. I would live here if it were in my neighborhood! Ok, stop reading this and just go there....Atmosphere is nice. It is a great place to go to grab a drink and chat. Food is nothing special. With so many outstanding places to go in South Philly I would choose another place if you are coming for dinner.I'm falling hard for the South Philly Taproom.
There were not one, not two, but THREE stouts on tap tonight. No lie.
I also ate a perfectly cooked, perfectly seasoned, juicy cheeseburger.
It was cozy but spacious with nice music and nice servers. What more could I ask for?! How about a delicious pickled green tomato? Done. Really, such a thoroughly satisfying experience.The crab dip there was my favorite thing ever, I used to fiend for it like a crackbaby, but then they took it off the menu. So now I just go for the excellent beer selection at reasonable prices (god i love the triple karmeliet YUM). While no crab dip, the poutine fries and jerk chicken wings are also excellent (I only tend to get there for the late night menu).This place is really good. Fine beer selection, nice menu, and great service. The food is well executed by a very competent chef. I really love the brunch menu. I just wish this place was further south!Amazing kitchen, I've had their dinner, lunch, and brunch and each time I'm surprised by how great their food is.
Don't forget the great beers on tap.My mom and I make it a hobby to visit Diners, Drive in's, and Dives restaurants whenever we visit somewhere. South Philadelphia Tap Room was walking distance of where we were staying, so naturally we went. The grilled cheese and tomato soup was amazing! The grilled cheese had so. much. cheese. I normally don't like tomato soup, but their's was super tasty and had seasoning that complimented the grilled cheese beautifully. The homemade ketchup was also yummy, and the meal came with so much food. Of course, we also had the fried PB&J, which was delicious but quite filling, so you'll most likely have leftovers. Our waiter was super friendly too :)i love this place. the beer selection is always changing and always great. the food is always fresh and delicious. i never ate a bad thing here. The grilled cheese is some of the best i ever had. the mac and cheese and fried PB&J are outstanding. and i can never come here with out having either the boar or headcheese tacos.
However, they got rid of the best thing on the menu. the tomato lager soup!! it seriously was amazing, even the tiny grilled cheese floating in it. no matter the time of year it was addictive. Whole tables of people would order it to start their meal. you can get a side of it if you order the grilled cheese now. but i don't want to eat that every time i want to drown myself in this delicious soup. i REALLY hope chef Scott Schroeder puts this back on his menu as an app.I'm into this place. It is super local to me. Good local vibes. Decent beers. AMAZING brunch burger. Like, holy cow AMAZING. Fries are tops. Would recommend a stop in. Prepare to deal with brunch crowds, however.Good. I had the cheeseburger, which was good, and split the fried PB&J for dessert, which didn't really impress me. Our waitress was great. My husband and I argue over which is best: SPTR or Sidecar. He likes this better. (I disagree.)Wild Boar Tacos. Mmmm mmm good! Brunch on New Year's Day was awesome. Perfect place to stop in on my way to 2 street to relive the parade. 
The tacos were fab! The mac & Cheese extra fab! Cheesesteak sliders- delish, Pork Sandwich - flavorful ... I was with 6 people- I didn't eat all of this myself. 
Anyway, I'd def. check it out again. I liked the beer list also!The mac and cheese made the table swoon and the southern fried wings were crispy little things.    Taproom is a gem of a bar in South Philly.  
The place was crowded even in the midst of the snowmageddon, but they have 2 rooms spacious enough for larger groups. On top of that, the happy hour specials are 1/2 price apps and local drafts, but prices are not too bad, so you won't feel guilty staying late.   
Our waitress had some 'tude, but maybe it was the night.  The rest of the staff was great.  Check it out if you're lost or found in souf filly.Had a chance to go here with a group of friends last weekend and I enjoyed this bar. The place was packed, but we were able to get a table in less than 10 minutes. Our waitress was extremely nice and answered all of our questions. The draft list had many great beers on it, and the food was freakin' delicious. I ordered Mac N Cheese and with jalapenos, as well as breadcrumbs on top, made that dish awesome! I will love to return here for a drink and some food.Been here multiple times. The menu doesn't excite me at all. Once the burger was great now it's just a normal burger AND you have to pay extra for fries?!!? Great great beer selection tho.The grilled cheese is the main and usually only reason I venture to the sptr. It is the best I've ever had. Amaaaazing. I'm disappointed that it has since been removd from the menu. Now hey have the tomato soup with mini gr cheeses floating in the hot soup. They are more like large croutons. I'm not even sure if cheese was used. I remained hungry after my dish. Bring BACk the GRILLEd CHEESE!!!!!Great joint with good food great drinks and tucked away location. I won 2nd place s. Philly's best mustache here. My only complaint..... I wasn't first.Great beer list, solid menu with rare-misses. I can't say anything that hasn't already been said about this place. It's definitely worth checking out, and even going out of the way for.
My personal favorites: tomato lager soup w/ mini grilled cheese, the mexican hot dog, mac & cheese and the cheesesteak 'sliders' (which are about the size of regular burgers on your typical potato roll) w/ sriracha mayo? (at least I think that's the sauce on 'em).Until two weeks ago, I had all but given up hope of ever eating brunch anywhere south of south street ever again (or at least until my kid turns, like, twelve years old or something).  Anybody who has ever waited in line for forty-five minutes for a mediocre meal at Morning Glory knows what I'm talking about.  That wait is annoying enough when it's just you and your spouse/significant other/group of girlfriends...add a toddler to the mix and it's a recipe for disaster.
But I was meeting up with an old friend, and when her friend suggested SPTR as a destination, I shrugged off my concerns and decided to give it a shot.  So glad I did!  The food was quite good, with abundant vegetarian options, and the wait time?  Nonexistent!  I also liked the clubby, old-school decor.  I liked it so much that I was even willing to overlook the lack of changing tables in the restrooms.*  
If I am ever able to make it happy hour on a regular basis again, I plan to check out their specials, which sound like a great deal.
*Kidding, I am so kidding.  Although given modern parenting trends, I wouldn't be surprised if there aren't quite a few Philly bars with changing tables and kiddie menus.I'm a big fan of this place! They have been extremely accommodating​ in letting me have meetups there during the week. Their staff are always friendly and don't push you to order food or drinks (which you always should because they're​ awesome). The beer is reasonably priced, the food is delicious, and the atmosphere is friendly & welcoming! I highly recommend this place!In my opinion, Elizabeth B. is dead wrong  about the SPTR house made catsup. It is delicious and I wish they sold it by the bottle. Better than regular catsup by far. It's so good, I've actually spent a whole night out carrying around 3 little take out cups in my coat so I could use it at home.
Now that I've defended my favorite catsup, the food at SPTR is absurdly good with great options for Vegans &  Vegetarians. My GF & I just today got a chance to try their brunch menu. Breakfast items are amazing. She had the frittata with spinach, goat cheese, and potatoes. It was so flavorful and expertly cooked.
I had the tofu scramble. I'm not Vegan, but was curious how they would prepare the tofu. I could have been fooled into thinking I got scrambled egg whites with mushrooms and green onion. So good. The hash browns were spiced and seasoned super well.
The GF & I come in for dinner and drinks a few times a month. She loves the grilled cheese, and mac & cheese... I do too. I think the tomato lager soup that accompanies the grilled cheese is a stand out item. They do great things with tomatoes at SPTR .
Deserts are also great. Everything is reasonably priced and the staff is super friendly. Atmosphere is wonderful and music is a great blend of rock/pop/indy stuff. 
Final note, I watched the chefs work while we ate today. Three guys were working fast and precisely cranking out food for at least 40 people. Every dish they put up on the counter looked mouth watering. You can tell they take pride in their work by the quality of the food they serve. This is a 6 star spot.I was definitely impressed by my experience at SPTR.  First things first, my girlfriend can be pretty picky about her food and beer and usually likes to sample beers before she commits to one.  If you're sitting at the bar this usually isn't a problem but we had a server and she was really nice about doing the same for her.  She helped recommend a beer that she enjoyed and was attentive and helpful throughout the night.  Now, being formerly in the service industry I wouldn't think this would be a problem for any competent server but I have been reading a lot of recent reviews about bad service littering this city and this isn't one of them.  The food was way better than I anticipated.  I had the beet and fennel salad which was a really great blend of flavors and one of the better salads I have had; probably top 2, no lie!  The ribeye chili, a soup on their specials menu, wasn't bad but wasn't really anything to rave about.  Still feeling hungry and slightly adventurous I was at a crossroads between the wild boar tacos and the burger.  Our server recommended the burger and was spot on because that thing was GOOD.  Now, the burger at  Good Dog is just a different type of burger; how, I don't know, just different.  Well, this burger took the crown between the two.  There was something utterly, burgerly delicious about this one.  It had the flavor I crave in a burger, a flavor I can't describe.  The fries that accompany it are really, really good and plain.  No frills, just fries.  My girl ordered the grilled calamari and the flatbread platter.  The hummus was pretty standard, delicious hummus and the veggies that come with it are marinated pretty deep in something bueno.  I did a slight drive-by scooping of the calamari and really didn't get a good gist on it.  The beer selection is top notch and offers a variety of styles.  Beer prices range from $3-6 or so which isn't too bad.  I'd say most of the items on the menu hover around $9-10, so if your'e hungry and thirsty you can rack up a nice bill!  Man, I was really impressed.  I had a great time here, just wished I lived a little closer!
**Get the gift certificate on restaurant.com for this place.  It's a $25 certificate for $10 and usually you can enter a promo code(just sign up  and get their emails) to get it 80% off leaving you with a $25 gift cert for $2!**Cozy ambiance and amazing food but no parking. Staff was very personable. Food was timely. It was a weeknight and not too busy. Check out my pics for details on the food:)I love this quaint little place located in an otherwise residential area West of Passyunk. The beer selection is always good and the grub isn't too bad either. Their joint coffee enterprise across the way isn't too bad either.Excellent beer selection, and the hand engine beer never disappoints. Food is generally excellent, too - although the vegan hoagie I mentioned in a previous review is no longer on the menu. They do change the menu up, and seem to take their surprisingly creative pub food very seriously. Recently had the fried green tomato salad - 2 pieces of fried green tomato covered with water cress in a green goddess dressing - and recommend it highly. The fish sandwich is also great, includes a few pickled mushrooms and green tomato. French fries with the sandwich are outstanding. Given some restaurant prices these days, this is a really good value for your money.chintzy watercress salad--what a shame! because everything else we got was, well, actually everything else was pretty weak, too. i thought this place was supposed to be like, good er something?
A+ for T. Rex on the jukebox, though.Best spot to grab a table with friends for good local food and craft beer.boar burger was really nice.  beer selection is on point too.  would recommend this place to friends. only complaint is the charge up for french fries i think.Always love the food and the ever changing beer on tap is always a good variety of choices.  Every once in a while I'll get a bad server, but that happens when a place is busy.  They *are* always busy... and sometimes a little loud... but it's a fun place to have a beer and a bite with a few friends.I really enjoy SPT.  I have had a few things off the menu and have always been satisfied.  The majority of the bartenders are very friendly and attentive.  I don't think I even need to mention the beer list as most realize its awesome.We went for brunch, and it was the BEST meal I've had in a while! I got something Cuban themed, with pork and plantains, and it so amazing... I stole some of My hubby's pickles because they looked so good... tomato, mushroom, carrot... Crazy good! And I had Pimms, and muffins, and the music was FAB, and the service was great! All the servers had really interesting, good personalities, and they knew all about the beers and the food. The manager, Lucy, was super attentive to us. I'd literally eat there every day! It's decorated so well, and it's so comfortable. They've got indoor and outdoor seats. It's a diverse scene and it's got a diverse menu! The place is literally perfect!A friend & I dropped in for an afternoon beer while we were waiting for some work to be done at my house. He recommended the place for it's beer...the good food was a bonus.
The bartender was friendly and knowledgeable, pouring us a few samples before we decided on a pint...I had the Riverhorse Oatmeal Milk Stout (very good smoked flavor with decent medium body) and my friend had the Pliny the Elder Double IPA.
When we asked about food, the bartender mentioned that some of the latino guys working in the kitchen had been sharing their recipe for handmade tortillas and my friend, being a fan of authentic Mexican cuisine jumped on the Boar soft tacos, served with a pepper sauce.
I had the Seafood Springroll [picture above]...a crispy treat that was your standard GBD on the outside, but had a steamy soft inside owing to the the way the shrimp & I'm guessing crabmeat liquid had mingled into the roll as it fried.  Served with a sweet/spicy peanutty dip and a more tangy fruity chop or compote, the two oversized springrolls made for a great midday snack.
I'll have to come back to see what the nightlife is like, but SPTR made for a great mid-day beer-diversion. 
I'd have to come back and see if the same atmosphere & level of good service held up during peak times before I give it a fourth star.HOLY all these other reviews must be tripping! I went with a group of friends that saw SPTR on Diners and Drive-Ins and wanted to try it out for ourselves. We got the Wild Boar Tacos, Mac & Cheese, the Deep Fried PB&J and the Sourdough donuts. I am literally salivating reminiscing about the food . I mean, obviously they have some wicked sweet drafts but the food here is to DIE FOR (well maybe not die for....but I would DEFINITELY sacrifice a pinky toe or a leg or something for one. more. deep. sexy. friend. PB&J. Oh and the ambiance is super laid back......so just do it!!! You're missing out otherwise....This place was awesome for Philadelphia Beerfest. 
I would absolutely go back.  I recommend you do pay a visit.The food and beer selection are great.  Our favorites specials have been the blue cornmeal pancakes, an open-faced chicken roasted sandwich and pan-seared trout.  So far we haven't seen the pancakes or chicken roasted sandwich this past year, but we're still hoping...
The two complaints (which makes it not 5 stars) are that it can get pretty loud- and as an old fart, I hate having to scream over the loud music and other people screaming over the loud music to hear my dinner companions.  Also it can be somewhat annoying trying to get the "hostess" or servers attention that you seated yourself (outside tables) or to get a seat.  But even with these complaints, the food and beer bring us back occasionally.Love this place-from beers to food it gets it just right!Went for the first time last week, this place is great! We arrived in time for happy hour, great specials apps and select tAp beer are half priced, Brussel sprout app and Mac n cheese are to die for! Fries and homemade ketchup were also yum, great atmosphere will definitely go back!!One of my favorite places in South Philly to eat and drink.  If you're a beer drinker, they have a wide array of beers from almost everywhere.  I always go with the Alagash White which is light and very yummy.
As for the menu, the menu is limited - which is what I like.  I hate going into a restaurant and have to flip through a novel of a menu.  
My favorites:  the strawberry/greens salad, the grilled green tomatoes and homemade mozzerella salad (which is pistachio oil, aged balsamic vinegar, toast), the macaroni and cheese (you MUST try their mac and cheese - it is EXCELLENT!), the tomato lager soup which comes with pieces of grilled cheese in the soup, and the eggplant parm.  (I'm getting hungry just writing this and am tempted to walk down to the Taproom for dinner!)
This place will NOT disappoint!!We hit up South Philly Taproom on a Saturday night and it was fairly quiet. The waitress was nice enough to turn the Phillies game on for us in a vacant corner. Great atmosphere with great oldies soundtrack and nice, dark ambiance. Draft list is really good. Had the mother's meatloaf and grilled cheese and both were really delicious! The meatloaf is expensive but filling and should leave you with a to-go box. Definitely excited to try this place for brunch!I just had lunch here on a rainy day and I have to say, it hit the spot. The service was on pint and the food was perfectly comforting which was exactly what I was looking for. Not to mention, the beer list was pretty tight. I had the tomato soup and wild boar tacos, both of which were above average four sure. My friend had the burger and a beer which he spoke very highly of. I have to be honest though, for a place that sells itself as a legit tap room and pub, the fries left a bit to be desired. They were obviously frozen from a distributor which didn't seem to match the quality of everything else. I mean, they were edible, but just seemed out of place comparatively. Overall, this is a great spot for some bar comfort food and a beer with some friends.Had the fried chicken again...just as good as before.  Loved the corn,tomatoe,onion salad with it.
Nice work.This is hands down my favorite place to eat in Philly. The chef is a straight up freakin genius, fun menu to order from. Cute inside and super friendly staff most of the time. Their mushy pea toast and Mac n cheese will change your life forever!Really neat place. Good food, good atmosphere. I'll be back!what isn't delicious here?! tomato soup and grilled cheese, wild boar tacos, and the fried PB&J... delicious! they have a great happy hour and beer selection. this restaurant is a little bit smaller, but we've never had to wait for a table. it's very casual and laidback.Definitely go for the food...just don't go at dinner time!  We went for a 7pm dinner and found the place pretty full though we had no trouble finding a table for our party of 5.  
Unfortunately the kitchen was not at all prepared to deal with a dinner time rush.  Our food took a full hour to arrive.  Our server was attentive and apologetic but it certainly killed the meal to have that sort of wait for sandwiches and wings!  Most of the meals were very good when they finally arrived - the wings were too salty though.  
My previous visits have been before the dinner rush.  While I found the place a bit slow it wasn't so outrageous as this visit.  I'm not sure I would ever chance a dinner time meal there again and I certainly wouldn't go there if I had other plans afterwards.The moment we walked in I thought I was excited to dine in because of all the great reviews. We were told to sit anywhere we wanted and we sat at a table right in for the of the bar . There were 3 noticeable waiters that we saw who went to the table next to us but none of them came over to us. After sitting at the table for almost 15 minutes with not even a menu I got up and a waitress literally came over and dropped off the menu and left. Didn't ask if we wanted anything or apologize for the wait. She did not even make eye contact . It wasn't that busy for her to be in a rush. So we left. Had hopes for this place but horrible service is a huge turn offGreat vibe to this place - the decor is spot on (not overly kitschy, but fun), the music is perfect background, not like the constant Michael Jackson/Bon Jovi/Journey bar mix I'm so sick of hearing.  
I especially love the service here - its just what I want - servers willing to chat you up like a friend.  Maria and Renata - you're sweethearts.  Laura Lee is a total character, and always has the man and I cracking up with some silly dance or story.  Just the kind of environment I want when I need to kick back a few and relax.
Food is quite tasty, and brunch is great.  I did get a beet salad once that was so covered in kosher salt that it angered me, but I guess you can't win them all.  Boar tacos rock my world.  Oh, and the mac and cheese here is so good... they top it with shaved scallions and little fried onion slivers.  Heart.I really like the taproom.  Hell, I almost have to being that its less than a block from my front door.  They have a constantly rotating selection of very decent beers.  The burgers are delicious and the mac and cheese is to die for.  I'm not a huge fan of steak fries but when coupled with their specialty ketchup I have no qualms finishing the whole plate.
My main complaint, however, is the inexplainable inconsistant serving sizes/prices of their beer menu.  Should a Fluer de Lehigh ever be served in a 12oz glass instead of a regular pint glass?  No.  No it shouldn't.  And don't even try to tell me its because the beer has a high alcohol content.  I can see right there on the menu in front of me that it weighs in at whopping 4.5%.  Sometimes you just want to drink a big beer, and they tend to be hard to come by here.Awesome delicious quality food everytime I go! The burger and grilled cheese with tomato soup will not dissapoint! Also if you feel like trying something out of the ordinary the boar tacos are phenomenal! Good service, not too expensive, nice ambiance,  will definitely be back.Brunch at SPTR yesterday was literally the worst dining experience I've ever had.  I've been a server for many years, and I've never seen such bad service.  
Soon after we placed our order, the place started filling up.  No surprise considering the amazing beer line up they had on tap for Beer Week.  They were slammed.  Of course, delays are to be expected.  
We waited 90 minutes for our food without any acknowledgement, explanation, or apology for the lag time.  The food was bangin' when it arrived.  What bothered me was that our server ignored us completely while we were waiting.  She walked past us again and again without noticing our empty water glasses or even so much as checking in on us.  Even before they got busy, the server forgot our drink order and left us without water.
There were plenty of customers flipping out and laying into the service staff.  While I understood their frustration, I also understand that its not a server's fault if the kitchen slows, and it is totally inappropriate to take it out on them.  
After we got our bill, we asked to speak to the owner who we had previously seen milling about.  He had left, leaving his staff out to dry, so the General Manager came over to speak with us instead.  She was very kind and even discounted our bill which I greatly appreciated.
We've eaten at SPTR before and received shotty service.  We returned for the good food, the excellent beer selection, and the great interior.  This experience was such a disappointment, I will not go back.Best overall dining experience I have had for quite some time! We just met friends here for the first time this past Friday. This is a favorite spot of theirs. The atmosphere was very comfortable - we had a window seat in the back room. I've worked in restaurants for years and quickly noticed how impeccable our service was. I wish I caught our servers name so I could compliment him here ! Our water was always full, beers came out quickly and were offered before the previous glasses were empty. We had 3 courses consisting of apps, entrees and dessert. The table was cleaned and new plates, napkins and silverware were brought out for each new course. The food was also fantastic ! I especially loved the Mac and cheese, tomato soup with mini grilled cheese and the chocolate panna cotta ! We will definitely be back !Fried chicken was amazing last night.  Add this to the regular menu.  The homemade hot sauce (jerk style) is amazing.  
Dessert was good, but next time add more ice cream to the brownie dessert.  
I'll be back soon.Yeah its about time wrote in.. Thank you SPTR chefs! Amazing food preparation and service. I feel spoiled to be so close to this place. The food is extremely well seasoned and the menu changes with a few staples (yum mac and cheese and grilled cheese).
They also have a brunch menu! The beer list is always good too. I just think the quality of the food is hard to express through a review for me because I haven't experienced it at this price anywhere else. 
The service here is good too. Its a busy place and I have never seen it empty so keep that in mind.I used to love the SPTR.  It's 2 blocks from my house, they have a great selection of beer, they've got outdoor seating and a great jukebox.  Unfortunately the new chef doesn't seem to realize that it's a bar.  Of course this does not mean that the food can't be great and even a bit quirky.  I have no problem with wild boar burgers or even bear bacon  (in fact, I consider myself somewhat of a foodie) but when people go to a bar, they want certain things, like FRIES.  With their sandwich, maybe?  I was totally surprised and put off when my friend ordered a veggie burger and was told (with major attitude from a snotty waiter- again- this is a BAR- not Le Bec Fucking Fin) that no, she couldn't have fries with it.  Not "sure, but it'll be $3 extra..." but just "NO, it comes with chips."  Excuse me?  Like the previous reviewer,  I saw that they have poutine, which is great, but guess what?  The main ingredient of poutine is FRENCH FRIES.  They can't charge a few extra bucks for a side of fries?  I just don't get it.  I liked the old menu.  There were the standards plus a few interesting things on the regular menu, plus specials that were hit or miss but at least not pretentious.   Grilled cheese?  Escargots?  Pate plate?  Yes!  "No substitutions?"  GIve me a break.  I'll be going to the POPE from now on for drinking and anywhere else for dinner.  Royal Tavern?  Now that's what I call a gastropub.  That place never let me down.One evening, when all hell was engulfing me, an old college friend who was on her way back to Paris gave me a holla to see if I'd wanted to hang.  I was like sure.  She wanted to go to Monks.  I told her a bus drove through the front door.  So we ended up at, you guessed it, South Philly Taproom.  (Sorry you weren't first)    
My first time there and certainly not my last.  A quality beer selection that was so good looking I soon forgot about my hellish ordeal .  Other than the "green" server, everything else was on.  
Food:  So I had the roast pork sandwich with blackened jalapeno and mac and cheese.  Yum!  My friend had the grilled p b and j.  Both were out of this world.  I liked meeting up with her, we both had much to talk about.   Now I have a place to stay in Paris!We recently visited Newbold for a weekend trip and ate and drank beer here every night. The selection of local beers was awesome and we really enjoyed the kale salad and local tuna. Good vibe.If the cook cannot man up and take some criticism, he should be replaced. The point of going out to eat is to have things cooked to how you want it. If a patron asks for a burger that is pink in the middle, you should fucking make it that way and not give your staff a hard time if it gets returned. Man up and cook what your guests ask for and not what you think they should have.Excellent food and beer.  Attended recently with a small group.  Had burgers of various combinations and they were all exceptional.   Each plate comes with fries and some outstanding pickled vegetables (peperoncini (good heat), mushrooms, cauliflower, etc.).  Great way to cut the richness of the perfectly done burger.   Their homemade ketchup is really tasty and a nice twist on an old traditional condiment.   
Our table also had a chicken sandwich and found it to be lackluster and inconsistent with the depth of flavors and quality of food on their menu - small piece of chicken breast, relatively nondescript sauce, etc.   
Servers are very attentive and really know the terrific selection of beers they have on tap.   Use their knowledge.Two words: Homemade Ketchup.  I don't even like ketchup that much but this was tasty.  Plus I have to think if a restaurant or bar or taproom or whatever is making their own ketchup then they are putting some serious lovin' into all of their food. 
I wanted brunch but I didn't get out of bed and out of the house early enough today to indulge in it so we opted to try a new place and ended up at SPTR. I'm glad we did.  I got the Vegan Hoagie, which boasts tempeh, mushrooms, lettuce, tomato, onion and vegan mayo on a nice crisp on the outside/soft of the inside hoagie roll.  It came with these amazing steak cut fries that were thin and crisp and just perfection as well as the aforementioned homemade ketchup.  The tempeh had a nice fresh lemony flavor to it.  Yum.  My husband got the 3 Cheese Grilled Cheese Sandwich with the Tomato Lager Soup.  My goodness that soup is tasty.  He also gave me a chunk of melty cheese and I tossed it onto my sandwich.  It was yummy but my sandwich really did not need cheese, and that is a big compliment from me.   I do wish the sandwiches came with pickles.  That's always a plus in my book. You can order a side of homemade pickles for $3 but I didn't.  I think I will order them next time for a table sharing item.  
I also had a beer and I don't really like beer that much so the fact that I could find a beer that I wanted, a raspberry reserve.  My husband has turned into a beer snob as of late and he also enjoyed the selection.  Service was average and the food came out fast.  The bathroom doors are rad and adorned with silhouettes of a man and a woman.  I like the overall style/decor that includes lots of dark wood.  They also have a jukebox and I heard The Pixies while we were eating so it must be a pretty good one.  One day I will arise before noon and get my ass there for some brunch, one day.Looking at the menu online, I was excited to go to the Taproom and grab some food and drinks.  After and unsuccessful attempt at left side of the street parallel parking, I drove around the block and found a spot just down the street.
They had some outdoor seating which was all filled, so we decided to see if there were available tables inside.  The interior is more of a restaurant and larger than I thought it would be.  There is a long bar area with some tables when you first walk in, then it opens up to about 10 tables with seating for about 40 or so people.
Walking in, we were seated immediately at a table and ordered some drafts.  They have a decent draft selecting (Kenzinger being their "normal" draft), they also have a huge bottle list.
After browsing the menu we decided to order a few things and share between the two of us.  We ordered the following:
From the specials menu:
Oysters - Not very good, they were covered in sauce, and there was hardly and oyster there.
Head cheese tacos - First time I have had head cheese, its different, so     i can't really judge these.
Branzino - This is what the waitress suggested to order (maybe because it was the most expensive thing on either menu).  When we ordered it the waitress explained that it was a whole fish, and she could have it fillet it if we would like, but having too much pride we of course said no.  When she brought the fish out, I told my girlfriend I have never had a whole fish, and she said she never has either, so we picked it apart the best we knew how. We made a massacre of the poor thing. It was very good, but would have been more enjoyable it we knew how to eat it.
From the regular menu:
Wild boar tacos - This is the item that everyone mentioned in their yelp reviews.  I didn't care for them, they were greasy (not what i expect from wild game) and there wasn't much added texture to them.  It was basically a greasy lump of pork on a taco.
Grilled zucchini - It was awesome, salt, pepper and oil, grilled to a slight char.  Cooked just the way I do at home.
I liked the Taproom, but will order differently next time I am there.  I like dour food, but other people's orders looked so much better.
TIP OF THE DAY: If you order a whole fish, there is work involved (bones, skin, etc.), make sure you or someone you are with knows how to go about eating said whole fish.
From the regular menu:SPTR, how I love you...and let me count the ways.  From a stellar beer selection, to a menu that goes above and beyond the normal gastropub fare, and the rustic living room atmosphere....you are perfect.  
Came here last Friday for dinner and left perhaps far too stuffed.  We started the night with a couple half-price local beers (me: a Sly Fox Chester County Bitter on cask; him: a Sly Fox Imperial IPA) at Happy Hour, half-price rib-eye cheesesteak sliders, and a couple oysters.   All of  which were, without a doubt amazing.  The little Shemogue oysters were on special for the night - and served up Asian style, which were out of this world.  The meat in the sliders was tender and delicious.
Next course, I got the Eggplant Parmesan on special, which was huuuuuge; and a Sly Fox Imperial IPA.  The eggplant were fried perfectly and layered with a spicy marinara sauce and fresh mozzarella.  My boyfriend got the grass-fed burger - which he didn't like as much as he thought he would, but then we realized that maybe we are spoiled by the amazing burgers over at the Royal Tavern.  He still enjoyed it - and those yummy steak fries they serve with their homemade ketchup.
Last course - yes, we went for the dessert - was their "pot brownie" - a decadent brownie served in a mini cast iron skillet topped off with vanilla ice cream.  It was nothing short of amazing.  Our nightcaps were a Lagunitas Cappucino Stout and a Brooklyn Black Chocolate Stout.
Great service, amazing beer, and incredible food.  ';Nuff said.Great selection of beers. Not much on their dinner menu but it was delicious. Get their squash, fried pb&j and Mexican donuts!SPTR made my day - wow.
We stopped in to try the Kentucky Breakfast Stout during Philly Beer Week and make a brunch of it.  First off - this stout was incredible.  Like creamy chocolate/coffee.  Wow.  Too bad I have to wait till next year or drive to Michigan to have it again.
I ordered an asparagus/tomato/ricotta fratatta special that was absolutely delicious.  Their homefries are perfect and the ketchup served with them has a kick of something awesome mixed in.  I was given butter with sea salt to spread on my toast that took it to another level.  I tried some of the mac and cheese and that was also so so good.  Everything was so fresh and flavorful.  
My friends loved their dishes - the wild boar tacos, the homemade sausage, and enfrijolatas.  The regular beer menu looked killer, and I was struck by how large the place is.  I felt like we had a lot of space and didn't feel rushed at all.  The wait staff was friendly and efficient.  Overall, such an enjoyable experience.  I will def have brunch here again, and I hope to come back every other part of the day too!Awesome burgers and great atmosphere! Try the headcheese taco if you have an extra dollar to spend.