This is the best place I've been to in a longggg time!! A grownup spot with no distractions...just focus on your dinner companion. The music is incredible with Live music and since I live down, I'll be back over and over...I'm in loveWe came here as I have heard that the food is good.  I am glad we made reservations as it was packed on a Saturday night.  The place was a little warm for our taste but loved the ambiance.  We shared a cheese board that was nicely put together.  For my entree I had the salmon which had a nice blend of flavors.  My friend had the short rib which was very tasty and was a good choice.  I would like to come back here and try the fried chicken next time.  It look us a long time to get the check but was able to enjoy the music till then.Came here for restaurant week. It was extremely crowded on the day that we went because there was a jazz performance. We knew about the performance ahead of time and how popular it was so we were not bombarded or uncomfortable, we expected it. The ambiance, the decor the atmosphere... it's all perfect. if I could frequent this place without having to eat or drink, I would just to enjoy the atmosphere. Our server was polite, knowledgeable and attentive. Our appetizers, entrees and desserts were phenomenal. 
Two very enthusiastic thumbs up!This is some of the best food I've ever tasted in my life. There is not much more that can be said than that. I was sitting with about 6 people and we all ordererd something different and were having foodgasms. The pork...Lord have mercy...OH AND THE DESSERTS! Pecan pie with salted caramel gelato. You won't be sorry you came in here. They also have great music on Wednesday nights booked by pianist Orrin Evans.Wow! Great venue with excellent food. I went to the Roy Hargrove performance this month. The venue is perfect. I was seated directly in front of the band. The service was excellent. No complaints. I highly recommend this place.I think South has the potential to be much better than what it is now. The atmosphere is inviting, live music is always a plus, but the food and service fall flat.  Our waitress was very inexperienced, describing menu items vaguely and haphazardly " we focus on fresh and healthy food- like we have organic chicken and things like that". When she finally brought our bread, she described it as "like Gouda biscuits".   My boyfriends gumbo was so bland and tasteless he had to ask for hotsauce to give it some flavor, and that didn't even begin to give it the depth and complexity of flavor that a good gumbo is known for.  My steak which I ordered medium rare was more medium, very thin, and seemed like it was from the local supermarket.  My biggest criticism was that the 2 heavily bearded cooks who were wearily working the open kitchen, weren't using any coverings for their big beards. Gross!!!  The only item we ordered worth eating was the berry and peach cobbler topped with ice cream. 
Do yourself a favor and buy a good steak, fresh veggies, and a bottle of wine and make yourself a better meal at home- without the beards and valley girl service.Had high hopes and was not disappointed. Food and drinks were very good, especially liked the grits, cornbread, and fried green tomatoes. You can't visit this restaurant and not get the cornbread, it comes warm out of oven in a small cast iron skillet with butter on top. I ended up ordering the seafood gumbo after much debate, not too spicy and overall good but I discovered I'm just personally not a huge fan of gumbo. Can't forget to mention the great service too, very accommodating and pleasant.South Restaurant 
Biscuits- same texture as red Lobster 
Appetizer Crab toast!! Awesome
Entree Short ribs with cream collard greens yummy, carrots and grits ( I don't eat grits but everyone else said they were good)
Dessert- warm peach and blackberry cobbker w/vanilla ice cream (so good. I don't usually eat dessert). 
My drink- cucumber strawberry lemonade - yummy not to strong 
Shawn had duck gumbo, salmon w/ cream corn and rice and same dessert. My my friends had the pecan pie w/ice cream.
Cons The drinks were really expensive. And they charged a drink tax. So our bill was really high. 
However I would eat hear again. The décor is beautiful. Bathrooms very nice and clean. Service top notch. (Especially Lydia)We didn't hear the band. Our reservations were way before the band was due to play.I saw this place on line and when I visited my daughter in Philly, I couldn't wait to visit. So we went to see Cindy Bradley, a trumpeter( who is also a teacher). She was so entertaining with her various stories. But her playing transported me to the Bay Area of Cali. In the house band was no other than Gerald Veasley. The food was really tasty. I had the special of Mahi Mahi over yellow rice, with a mango and I believe corn sauce. I ate every last bit. These are the same people who own Relish, so it makes sense the food was delicious. My daughter had catfish , which she loved. The drinks were good but my cosmo tasted like it had no liquor. My daughter loved her strawberry cucumber drink. And I have to mention, we had one fine brother as a waiter. I can't remember his name but his hair was pulled back in a ponytail. Very attentive! We will return!Enjoying the south cuisine with the exuberant sounds of Jazz, a perfect start to a weekend.THE place for jazz and great food. I've been a fan of these people since they were on S 11th St. They know how to do things right.  Delicious food and great music, but above all... they make you feel welcome, and that's very important. The menu is interesting,  there's plenty to choose from,  and everything is presented beautifully. Service was top notch, and the music is outstanding. They stand alone in this city as a venue for live music and food for "foodies". If you're visiting our city, I'd say it's a "must do". If you're a Philly resident, then you have no excuse. Go support them. You'll be glad you did.We really enjoyed our dinner at South. We've been meaning to try it since opening, but having a toddler makes his difficult. 
We ventured out for my husbands birthday. We were promptly seated, drink orders were taken quickly, and food came out quickly as well. Husband ordered a peach mint julep, which he thoroughly enjoyed.
We loved everything we ate. We were served delicious biscuits to start. We ordered the rock shrimp, which was incredibly fresh and tasty. We then had the special gumbo, which was a healthy portion considering the price. We ordered a sirloin medium rare but it was served medium well. We are not the type to send back food, so we ate it, but this is why this rating is a 4 instead of a 5. We also ordered a side of Hushpuppies, which were great too!
The ambience is lovely as is the live music. We were very impressed and will definitely return!This restaurant/jazz bar is AMAZING. Now don't get me wrong, it's also pricy but worth it. 
My fiancée and I went for our 1 year anniversary. We bought the tickets for the show (25.00 each) ahead of time. The show was at 9:00, but we got there at 8:00 and sat at the bar. They started seating at 8:30. 
Everyone was kind and welcoming from the moment you arrived, to the moment you left. We ordered probably a total of 6 drinks, 2 appetizers (shrimp and corn bread, very good) our main meal (fried chicken and salmon. The salmon was very small, but the sides made up for it; the fried chicken delicious) and dessert (chocolate moose with Toffee pieces) to DIE for, so delicious. 
The show was beautiful, amazing, so romantic. The chairs and the seating arrangement though, tight. I'm a plus sized woman, and I was a little cramped but it was all worth it! You cannot get up and dance, but the music is so relaxing and amazing; why would you want to. 
My fiancée and I had a magical time; but after the tickets, the meal, tip and tax it was about a 200.00 night easy. 
We most likely will be returning for another beautiful occasion. This was perfect.Good place to listen to some live jazz or grab some food! The decor is very quaint and cape cod like... the drinks are good! We ordered their butter fried chicken.. which I thought was good only for one person! The Mac and cheese is also good, but I've had better! The best thing for me was the live jazz! Great sound and perfect for a date night out!Had a great time here! For now I can only give 4 stars as I wasn't able to fully dine here yet. Next time I have to book early since it fills up quick. Luckily, I was able to get in to enjoy a fantastic jazz set with some new friends I met here while waiting for seat. The atmosphere here is exceptional and the staff is really first rate! The entertainment was top notch which capped off my evening perfectly. I plan to return soon to get the full dining experience and give a full 5-star review!My son took my husband and I here Thursday night to celebrate my birthday. I had the fried green tomatoes app, catfish entree. Both were delicious, though the breading on the fish was a bit thick. My husband had lamb shank, which he described as 5 star. My son had the special which were oxtails. He enjoyed them, but said they aren't as tender as he likes. The appetizer portion could have been more for the price, but overall, I'd probably return.What can I say?  Chris McBride!!!  
Amazing music! 
The food was delicious.  Fried lobster and grits!  
The biscuits floated off the plate. So light yet so flavorful.First time I tried this restaurant and it was restaurant week visit. I was super satisfied after my meal ;-) 
The location was kinda far. I've been that place before and it was lobster/ seafood place if I remember right. The ambiance was pretty same except they were playing live jazz music and it was quite nice. 
3 course restaurant week menu we tried were gumbo( our waitress recommended and she was right), pork chop, mahi and chicken. For dessert we got spiced pumpkin cake and pecan pie with vanilla ice cream. 
Their bread basket was die for. Yummy cheese biscuit and corn bread with cream cheese butter. We ended up asking second basket.
Appetizer sized gumbo was huge and delicious. Everyone enjoyed it. I believe pork chop was the best choice among main dish. Mahi with farro salad was pretty good too but little lack of flavor. 
For dessert huge pecan pie piece came out with big scoop of vanilla ice cream. Was really delicious. I ended up left my spice pumpkin dessert and just ate pecan pie coz was so so good. Overall was super satisfying. I will def go back.We came here as I have heard that the food is good.  I am glad we made reservations as it was packed on a Saturday night.  The place was a little warm for our taste but loved the ambiance.  We shared a cheese board that was nicely put together.  For my entree I had the salmon which had a nice blend of flavors.  My friend had the short rib which was very tasty and was a good choice.  I would like to come back here and try the fried chicken next time.  It look us a long time to get the check but was able to enjoy the music till then.Really enjoyed the jazz and dinner combo here! We saw Sullivan Fortner here and really liked him. The food was pretty good,although you can find better southern food elsewhere in the city, and as expected a bit on the pricier side. Overall a great place for a fancy date night! Would like to come back and dine in the restaurant portion of the restaurant and try some of their other food. The service was good and the atmosphere of the restaurant is really nice!The ambiance and jazz are great but the service is terrible!  Over 30 min to get our drinks and we had to chase down a server to put in apps.  Totally unacceptable and not sure I will be back!  There are other jazz locations in the city that are worth my time and money.Have eaten here several times and amazing experience . The restaurant itself it wonderfully inviting, the drinks superbly done, and the food is amazing!!!I did not think I would love South as much as I did! 
My sister, brother-in-law, and myself went for dinner and drinks and were not disappointed. We made reservations but went early to sit at the bar and have a few drinks before dinner and there were so many great options. My sister is pregnant so she sipped on lemonade, I had mine spiked, and my brother-in-law had a few different types of bourbon. 
We had the crab toast and fried green tomatoes to start and they were both awesome. Followed by the Duck, Shrimp and Grits, and Stuffed flounder and we did not have a single complaint! We all left stuffed and happy, very happy and a little boozed!The entire dining experience was just that -- an experience, in the best sense of the word. My husband and I came here from out of state and could not have been more pleased with the food, music, service, and overall vibe of the establishment. The oysters were incredibly fresh, and the cornbread is not to be missed -- and I can't rave enough about the short ribs and the apple dessert we shared at the end of the meal. Overall, an amazing experience, and worth a trip back to Philly!This place is very overrated. Towards the higher end price point for Philly and food was bland. We were a large party and half the table got their food cold after waiting 45min from ordering. You can certainly find better food and BYOs in a hundred other places in the city. Pass.Perfection in every detail.
From the customer service to the ambience with the beautiful decor and sounds of jazz playing in the background to the insaneeeee flavors that come through with each bite of their food, this place is beyond impressive.  
We started with some double IPAs that our waitress (who was very quick and offered great service) recommended.  We are IPA addicts and can be picky with what we like, but this double IPA was great!  We went with two appetizers (blue crab toast and rock shrimp)... and we loved the blue crab toast so much that we ordered a second serving, the duck confit gumbo (it was part of the restaurant week offering), house pappardelle with local mushrooms and mustard greens, and bourbon pecan.  EVERYTHING, and I mean EVERYTHING, tasted heavenly.  We savored every bit of the duck confit gumbo, couldn't get enough of the blue crab toast, and absolutely fell in love with the pappardelle!!!  It is definitely a dish that we will end up craving continuously.  
This place is a must-go and certainly a new favorite in our books!  We had our first date at Alla Spina and have many fond memories of it (and still go!), but we will now have to make a pit stop or end our night at South moving forward.Took 45 mins to seat us even though we had a reservation. Drinks took literally an hour to get to our table. Food was oversalted. Very annoyed, it was my mothers birthday and we completely hated it. We thought this place would be comparable to warmdaddys but it's not even in the same lane. TERRIBLE!Atmosphere, food, music, service, selection all are class. The staff was very attentive and great at making recommendations. The place is just always a blast.Went to this fabulous restaurant celebrating my sisters birthday   Food was wonder had the pleasure of seeing Stanley Jordan who was also fantastic. Great time grown up atmosphere.  Our waitress Alexis took great care of us. Will definitely be back.This place is spectacular!!! The music is excellent and my service was great on a Saturday night! I had the whiskey punch which was so delicious and not overly sweet. We ordered a cornbread skillet for the table and it didn't last long! Warm delicious and crunchy edges. I got the fried lobster and grits. I enjoyed every bite. We will definitely be back!!Clear five star meal, service, and experience.
We had the Kingfish and Gumbo, and topped it off with the Butter Pecan Pie. All three were excellent dishes that we would consider ordering again. Even the bread served to the table was excellent: corn bread and gouda biscuits with a sweet honey butter.
We were there before the live music started, but it was clear the atmosphere would be great during it.This was my 1st visit, my mother surprised my step dad for his 70th birthday. When she initially called to make the reservation for 18 she was annoyed because it was considered an event(which means more money). So we called separately to reserve tables in the jazz parlor. The atmosphere is really nice and the staff were friendly. The drinks were watered down, my brother ordered a shot of grey goose($16) that barely covered the bottom of the glass. The gumbo and cornbread were great, but my sister's brisket was salty and so was parts of my red fish. The potato salad was runny and some of the potatoes were under cooked. We had to request things 2-3 times to our server, which was annoying. I'm not sure if it's on the website, but they add an extra $5 for the entertainment and the gratuity of 18% is included. Unfortunately I didn't keep the itemized bill that taxed us for entertainment, alcohol, PA tax and I can't remember the other item. Needles to say, I do not see myself patronizing this place again.We had dinner here and the food and service was exceptional.  Our server, Marie (shaved head girl... jk) was knowledgeable and courteous. I would recommend this place to people who enjoy good food, great service, and good music.Server was too occupied texting and socializing with other servers. We assume to what was the general manager, we stopped him to ask for our credit card back after 18 minutes. He was kind enough to bring it immediately after we asked. 
The food was nothing special. Check other options before making this your go to spot.At first glance, it looks great, but we were quickly turned off by the fast and cold service along with the $7 fee per person to sit in the "jazz"room. Our gumbo tasted like it had been in a crockpot for a couple days and had burned. My steak was luke warm, but there was light at the end of the tunnel- the shrimp and grits were awesome and the manager was accommodating and pleasant. He gave us an extra steak and took both off the bill.  I would probably try this place again in hopes that it may redeem itselfMe and my Wife came here for happy hour.  The drink specials were ok. For appetizers we ordered The blue crab toast and cajun shrimp deviled eggs.  Both apps were very good and you receive 4 items per order.  As for the entrees their is not much to write home about. We waited 50 minutes for our entrees to arrive which was disappointing.  I have been dying to try Souths Fried Lobster and Grits and my wife ordered the Blackened Salmon.  Both dishes were underwhelming.  My grits were overcooked and lacked flavor. The lobster tail lacked seasoning.  My wifes salmon was overcooked and lacked seasoning.  Maybe South just had a bad night, me and my wife agreed to give them another shot but probably during restaurant week.Good restaurant for southern style food and a variety of jazz. In order to hear the jazz, you need to reserve in the Jazz Parlor, a separate room, which has an extra charge. (Different amounts for different performers.) We enjoyed Sunday jazz brunch with their regular Sunday 3 piece combo and vocalist performing lively and enjoyable American standards. Prix fixe brunch offers many options and portions were ample. I liked the fried green tomatoes, scrambled eggs, biscuits, and sausage. I'm not a fan of grits. The filling in the lemon meringue tart was a nice combo of tart and sweet but the crust was like cement. Our server was friendly and attentive, and food was served promptly. The place is large, light and spacious - a very pleasant atmosphere. No parking lot, so best to get a driver. You need to tell driver that the entrance is on Mt. Vernon St off Broad or you will get dropped at Green St, a block away.This place just opened up in the former Route 6.  Have now been three times in about a week and a half.  Space is very open and they have two rooms essentially - the main dining and bar and then a separate enclosed jazz lounge (full dining).  I've had drinks, full dinner, and happy hour - and all have been awesome.  
The food is blowing my mind.  I was skeptical of southern / New Orleans type cuisine as its not my favorite but this is a modern twist - everything has just a hint of the south.  Everything tastes rich but is not over sauced or covered in cream.
The scallop crudo is awesome - slightly smoked and comes with some chilis and avocado.
The crawfish fritters are exactly as they sound - amazing.
The gnocchi is a cornmeal take on it with a soft egg and some bitter greens - really tasty.  
The fired oysters are one of favorite things so far.  They are smaller in size than the typical one - perhaps this is why they are so darn tender.  
The best dish I've had so far is the corn soup.  It's a massive bowl and comes with two blue crab beignets.  This dish is rich without being too creamy or heavy.  
And don't forget the bread. You get corn muffins and bacon biscuits with sweet cream butter.  So awesome.
They have a solid beer and wine list (seem to be figuring this out as they go along) and they have a lot of bourbon based cocktails.  
Happy hour is 4-6 and you get $2 off beer, $5 glasses of white or red wine and a deal on the cocktails but I don't exactly remember.
Haven't stayed for jazz but my neighbors did and liked it.  
Check it out!Very small Jazz Parlor but still a very nice place to listen to some of the best jazz anywhere. Wonderful night out with friends or a date. Food is good and prices are reasonable.  Can't beat it.The 3 stars are for the JAZZ! I would highly recommend have dinner else where and comes for the show. Great deal on Sunday! Drinks and deserts are very average! Service was long and a lot of waiting around staff including manager linger and stand around moving in slow motion.Thoroughly impressed. The food was excellent. The live jazz was fantastic. The service was top notch! On our way out, we had workers hurrying to open doors for us, and at least 10 employees said "Have a nice night" to us as we meandered our way out of the restaurant. We are regular foodies and go to New Orleans every year, and this was the closest I've Been to a NOLA-esque restaurant in Philly. I hope they do a Jazz brunch!!!!Initially sat down for dinner and it was 30 mins before we got any attention. We wanted to see the show which is apparently in a different part of the restaurant. We were told to wait 15 mins to be seated there, but 45 minutes later they tell us tickets were actually sold out. Worst thing is, we didn't order any food yet because they said we should wait until we get to the jazz area. Got so fed up we decided to leave. Wasted an evening here and neither ate nor got to see a show.Seriously go here.  We are from the south and it is amazing. What the three of us ordered.  Got there at 5 sat at bar.  We ordered 6 drinks.  4 Vodka and tonics and 2 yuengling beers.  4 small plates.  Grits with cheese and bacon (amazing ) crawfish fritters. (Even better ) hush puppies and crispy potato dumplings.  All was amazing and the three of us left more than satisfied.    And the best part....... Only 63$.       Amazing.   Enjoy.Five stars because the Jazz music was some of the most amazing I've heard. Great ambiance and open atmosphere with a good happy hour, southern inspired drinks and food as well.The food and the ambience was lovely- fresh, clean and neutral.  We had the shrimp, fried oysters and crawfish fritters. It's fancy southern food.  I enjoyed it and will go again.  They also had live jazz which I enjoyed.South is such a beautiful establishment with halfway decent food BUT the customer service is poor. I was greeted by a friendly hostess who directed me to my seat. I'm not sure if my server was new, inexperienced or just had no care in the world today. We ordered Mac and cheese and deviled eggs for a starter (which was absolutely delicious) but it took our server over 25 minutes to come back and check in the table. We had finished the appetizers, stacked the dishes and waited patiently and this behavior continued throughout the night. I asked for a straw and a box twice and never received either. As a fellow server/bartender...keep the food, lose the server.Delicious food and live jazz! Great experience here. Get the lamb in red sauce, fall off the bone.YES. YUM. GO.
This is probably the best restaurant I've been to in a long time - fantastic food, great service, warm atmosphere, live music. What more could you want? (Maybe a name that is more distinctive when trying to conduct a google search, but hey...)
We started off with a round of cocktails at the bar. At the bartender's offering, we told him what flavors/alcohol we liked and he made us delicious, custom drinks. The hostess then offered to give us a mini-tour of the space, so we could see the live jazz area - while tables are available here for a small cost (more on Thursdays when the bigger acts come through), you can also sit in the main part of the restaurant so the music isn't overwhelmingly loud.
We then settled in for a round of appetizers: the Louisiana Crawfish Fritters and Crispy Rock Shrimp were fantastic (clearly fried shellfish has a special place in my heart) and the South House Salad was very fresh. We were equally delighted by the Carolina White Shrimp and lobster grits (3 big shrimp, very little lobster) and our Apple dessert.This is such a fantastic restaurant. The ambiance is wonderful, such a classy place. I've been here for happy hour and dinner. While both were really good, I can see myself coming here for happy hour a lot. They key is to get there around their opening time at 4 for happy hour before it gets busy. Dinner doesn't start until 6:30/7 I believe. They have very affordable food and drink specials. My friends and I tried every single appetizer offered for happy hour and many of the drinks. Their dinner portions are pretty big so make sure you come hungry. I also had the pleasure of watching live jazz music in the back area, I think it was about $10. Be very patient while ordering in this area of the restaurant, it seemed a much longer wait than in the front of the restaurant. The live entertainment made the wait much more enjoyable. The musicians were amazing, I even bought the singer's CD. This is a great restaurant to come after work, for a date, or even a girls or boys night out.After returning from a trip to Atlanta, maybe there was something in the water, but the next thing we did was go to South to eat more southern food because yum. So we planed a Friday night out with friends and hauled ourselves up to North Broad Street. South sits where the former Route 6 used to be, just around the corner from Alla Spina. If you're not familiar with the area, it's not as far-flung as it may seem.
I started out my night with the Kentucky Butler, which was just about perfect, before moving on to wine, where the list was not long but sufficient. As usual, we took a good tour of the menu and had so many things, I quite frankly forgot some of what we tried, so I'll point you towards our highlights. 
For our appetizers,  most notably we tried the pimento cheese so that we could get a taste of the much-touted house pickles which left us wishing for more pickle. Can you just order pickled vegetables? You put the beautiful jars all around the dining room - PLEASE make this a thing. :) Top entrees were my Carolina shrimp and grits (smooth, creamy, perfect) and the Berkshire pork that leaves you with a giant hunk of bone to gnaw on. Our favorite side was definitely the creamed collards (although that also comes with the pork, I can assure you that you can never have too much greens.)
Any pictures of South do not deceive - the atmosphere was so lovely. The service was thorough but at the same time relaxed and so kind. Our server took time to really explain the menu and answered all of our questions with great humor. I really can't say enough about our "experience" at South. 
From the restaurant, you can see through a glass wall into the area for the live music - hopefully we can make this a part of our next trip to South.Doesn't respond to emails, phone calls, messages. I was trying to make arrangements for a large party and couldn't get ahold of anyone here. I hope the experience of being at the restaurant is better than trying to get in.Iiiiiiincredible!!! Sat in the jazz room and listened to amazing live music. Cornbread, died for that... jambalaya was perfectly seasoned. Rainbow trout was so delicious. Loved the anchovy on to of the Caesar salad! Shrimp rocks were a perfect app. Drinks were strong and added to the whole southern jazzy vibe. Definitely coming back!So I'm really torn in how to write this review. I'm conscious of my expectations, as I had been looking forward to my experience here all week. I think the food had great concepts, but execution was lacking. My meal consisted of the crawfish stuffed flounder, collards as a side, and the bourbon pecan pie - none of which left me wanting seconds. I did have a really good sidecar as a drink, and the live jazz was "off the chain!" The ambiance is wonderful, and I do think as the establishment matures, the food will get better. Customer service here is unmatched in my 9 months of being a Philly resident. There is true potential here, and I'm looming forward to seeing it blossom.What a fun menu.  Great and unique.  The service was outstanding. They were very attentive, but not obtrusive. The cocktails were well crafted.  Tuesday night open mic Jazz was a great finish to a wonderful evening.This place is awesome! The decor is super cute, the food is creative and insanely delicious and the drinks are interesting and very good. Our waitress was competent and friendly but a bit off, she was not really able to describe how the jazz seats worked, and she took the signed check off the table before we left which is a rookie move, and made us feel a bit rushed. But even with that it was an exceptional experience and we will most definitely be back!This place was great! The musicians are so incredible. The place is small so make sure you buy tickets in advance. We bought tickets for the jazz section and they serve dinner while you listen to them play. I wasn't too impressed with the food but other wise it was a great spot. I highly recommend going if you get the chance!What a great addition to the neighborhood! When a group of Yelp friends recommended scheduling a date to go, I was immediately in. Then when they were aiming for a month later, I decided I wasn't waiting for that and went the next day! My husband and I have been back several times for happy hour. $2 off their cocktails, $5 glass of wine and half off their crawfish fritters, mushroom flatbread and boudin croquettes. I love the fritters and croquettes, and more recently ordered their grits. OMG on the grits. Ree-diculous. Great cocktails food, and ambiance. I just love the atmosphere. Can't wait to visit for dinner and when they eventually offer brunch!This place was beautiful. Right off of Broad Street, parking was a bit much since they don't have a designated parking Area. 
Once you come in your greeted by a beautiful space with off -white Rustic decor. 
We came on a Friday Night for the 9:30 Jazz show. Our reservations were for 9, we arrived at 8:50 and weren't seated until 9:30. 
As soon as we sat down our server was pouring our water, and cane back shortly after to take our Orders (and brought some amazing cheese bread to the table).  We also had a few questions for our waiter, and he was very well versed in the entire menu.
We ordered a flame Grilled Burger & Fries, Hush Puppies and Seafood Gumbo.
While we waited for our food, we listened to the smoothest live jazz band. It was a perfect night, the staff was amazing and the atmosphere was electric. 
Once the food arrived it was amazing. I don't believe we waited longer then 10 mins for our food. Everything was great. You get a healthy portion or the seafood gumbo, it was enough to share as an appetizer or have it for a main meal like I did. The hush puppies were good, perfectly cooked and the sauce that came with them was perfect.
The staff at South is very proactive with making sure you had everything you need before asking.
The 1 negative I will say is we expected some type of extra fee for sitting in the jazz area, we didn't know it was $10 per person. I think that should be mentioned while you make a reservation.My friend and I purchased tickets on Groupon for a live show here.  The music was great!  Our server left a little to be desired.  While he was nice, he talked me out of ordering an entire order of raw oysters,  The music parlor is set off from the rest of the restaurant and it truly feels like a NOLA experience.  The only other place that even comes close is Time.  However, you can park on the street for free here.Went to this restaurant a few weekends ago to have dinner with friends and enjoyed it thoroughly.  Great food and atmosphere and we really liked the live music.  Can't wait to return!We ate here on a Saturday night and it wasn't super busy but it might have been because it was Memorial Day weekend. We ordered the cornbread which comes with cream cheese honey butter. The cornbread isn't anything amazing, but the honey butter makes it taste fantastic, I wish I would've asked for more. For myself I ordered the fried chicken which came with one wing, a leg, and two thighs. It was crunchy and delicious, the hot honey drizzle I asked to be put on the side which I recommend if you are unsure if you like spicy honey. For sides the chicken came with delicious mashed potatoes and broccoli. If I came where again I would just get two mashed potatoes instead of the broccoli. My boyfriend ordered the beef short rib which came with creamed collared greens and potatoes. The beef was good but it could've been more juicy. I personally didn't like the creamed collards, but I'm biased because I grew up eating them differently so maybe others would like it. For dessert we had the chocolate mousse which is a very rich chocolate cake. It was delicious but if you don't like very rich foods then maybe skip it. Lastly we ordered a blackberry mule and while it was tasty, it didn't taste anything like alcohol and I'm not sure there was any alcohol in it.Shrimp and grits. Sushituna. Sorbets. And French press coffee. And Gerald Veasely. What could be better.
Then we came for restaurant week for gumbo, more shrimp and grits, and chocolate pecan pie.Shrimp and grits. Sushituna. Sorbets. And French press coffee. And Gerald Veasely. What could be better.We sat in the Jazz lounge and arrived about 45 minutes before the music started. Service to order drinks was slow and then the drinks took a long time to come out. We ordered crispy rock shrimp and the side of grits to start, which were fine but the grits were very salty. I ordered the Berkshire pork as my main, but the red sauce they smothered it in rendered it completely inedible. The only thing missing from my plate when the waiter cleared the table was the collard greens, but no one questioned it. We also had the sirloin steak, which was better. Overall, it was a very expensive meal that was not satisfying and the service lacked. The atmosphere was nice, though.From the moment you walk in the door you know this place was the right pick.  The customer service is OUTSTANDING. I was impressed entirely.  It's super adorable inside, cozy and all...a great date spot. Like really! 
The creamed collards are delicious as well as the sweet potato bisque.  Just the perfect place !I really enjoyed my visit to this restaurant.  It's classy yet comfy.   The food is fantastic and the live band was awesome.   The staff are friendly,  courteous and attentive.   There was a charge of $7 for the band that was playing.   I think it was $7 per person on top of the bill for the meal.  We didn't make reservations and we were told to be there at 7:30pm to hear the 8pm live session.   We didn't get there in time but some people left as the jazz session started so we were able to get in.   We ordred the crawfish appetizers which was small in portion but delicious.   Then I had the pork while my husband had the steak.   Both meals were delicious.  The drinks we had were non alcoholic and shared a cup of tea.   Our bill was about $85 for both of us.   It was a bit pricey but the overall experience compensated for it.   
We're definitely coming back here.I went here for the first time during "restaurant week" arrived extra early and the staff were very accommodating...I sat outdoors at the lovely garden and waited for my party and once we were seated ..the service, the food were delicious! enjoyed the crab appetizers and the salmon was very moist!!! The managers were on the floor interacting and engaging with customers ..it was awesome!! Definitely worth the tripI've been to South for both dinner and a jazz show and both were truly an excellent experience. The food is delicious! Honestly, it's some of the best soul food I've ever had. All the servers are really friendly and helpful and the atmosphere is beautiful. I'll definitely be taking all my friends and family here when they come visit. What a gem!Great place for a romantic dinner of two or small group. We sat on the dining room side, but could here the Jazz show going on in the adjacent room. You do have to pay a cover to hear the Jazz performances (I believe $10), and we chose not to, however I will be going back to try. 
After the complimentary bread which was deliciously soft and crumbly, we started with the Croquets before enjoying our Carolina Shrimp & Grits & Sirloin Strip Steak.. The steak was cooked to order, Medium and the Shrimp was seasoned well...The only reason I didn't give a full 5 stars is before for the price we paid, I expected a bit more flavor on all three options.. Still a very nice place with great service.Went here for the first time last night with a couple of girlfriends! I was the first to arrive so I sat at the bar and ordered Sangria. It wasnt the sweetest sangria but it was delicious none the less. Once the girls got there, we were greeted by our waitress Jessica! Super sweet! The cornbread was AMAZING! I ordered the Gulf Catfish and loved it!! Great ambiance! Would definitely go back!Such a cute place to relax and chill! Liam our server was awesome and friendly and attentive! Recommended and reasonably priced. Happy hour is awesome!!Amazing! Great food, drink, music. Definitely recommend this place! Tight on space but well worth it.Attractive place, and the music was great, good vibe... but I guess I ordered the wrong thing - chose the Stuffed Flounder - totally missed the word 'hollandaise' in the description, which I assume was there but never really noticed.  The first thing I noticed was how tiny it was, presented on a fairly large plate with a smattering of marble-sized potatoes.  The potatoes were ok, but way too salty for me.  The fish was literally smothered in the hollandaise, which might be great if you're a fan - for me it looked and smelled repulsive.  Sadly there was so much of it that it had drenched the outside as well as the inside of the 'stuffing', all of which just tasted like sour curdled dairy - again, if you like the sauce great... but maybe just ask for a bowl of it and skip the fish altogether.  I had hoped that the waiter might inquire about the entire entree not being touched, but that didn't happen...  it was finally removed as it had arrived, a thin lump of something glazed by a viscous sour coating.  I finally made it home in time to throw together a ham sandwich.I didn't think love like this was possible. South exceeded my expectations and has me pining for more after one visit.
The service is impeccable and Miles is the man (so request him if possible!) The food is a modern take on some Southern classics, but minus the heaviness that traditional Southern cuisine sometimes has. The Pimento Cheese is super tasty and I kinda wish that it would come with crackers instead of bread so I could eat more of it! The Berkshire Pork was succulent, almost melt-in-your-mouth and my husband raved about the collard greens. 
We stayed for the jazz performance, which is held in a quaint, spacious area of the restaurant. I probably could have listened to the sweet, soothing music all night in that space. Philly needs more spots like South. Great ambiance, performance and service. I am already planning our return visit!I wanted to enjoy this place so much since I have been to Relish and Warm Daddy's and enjoyed both. I've been to SOUTH one other time for a small birthday celebration and enjoyed it but this time was disappointing. I was hosting a group happy hour and started trying to contact them a month in advance. I sent an email on the website. I called and left several messages with the morning host. I got the email address of the reservations manager (Ms. Sarnoor) and messaged her directly. I never got a response. On the day of I came early and spoke to the manager. She acknowledged that she had received my messages but stated she had been busy (for a whole month) and never got back to me. She said that after the tables seated in the lounge got up, we could have them and that we would be "well taken care of"  This never happened. A table got up and two women who came in after I did were seated. I spoke to the host who told me that Ms. Sarnoor had never talked to her about giving us the next lounge tables.the chicken skodWhen we finally were seated the service was awful. We had a young lady with red hair who kept forgetting our food  orders and confusing our drink orders. My group requested that next time we go back to the last venue or to somewhere new because the service was honestly terrible. I would try the main dining room with a dinner reservation but will never again hold an event there. 
Update: changing this review to 4 stars as a result of a fantastic brunch I had here today. I still had issues reaching the manager. When my party of 10 changed to 15 3 days before the reservation date I was told that a managers approval was needed to modify the reservation but I never received the promised call back. Brunch was amazing though. We had great food and service and the bar drinks were fabulous. I recommend the grits, pickled Bloody Mary and their signature Long Island iced teaSouth Jazz Parlor is where you can get glamour southern food, mixed with irresistible crafted drinks -- we only tried the mocktails since I'll be driving back home to NJ that night -- such as the delicious hibiscus and lavender drinks, and tune in to your favorite jazz artist live. We were there to watch the superbly talented and charming Keiko Matsui performed her magic, and not only we left with an unforgettable music in our dreams, the close ambience and the participatory crowd made the evening so special.
Door opens at 6pm and they will take your name while you wait, and the server would then politely and patiently lead each party in order into their seating arrangement of choice. The room only holds about 70 ticket holders, so it's worth being there at 6pm sharp (or earlier) if you really want to sit up close and personal to your musicians.
I'm very pleased with the intimate atmosphere this jazz club delivers. To me, South offers a much memorable setting of the performances than other larger and more renowned jazz clubs, such as BB King's in NYC.
Different nights, different crowds, of course, but when we were watching this performance, folks politely enjoyed their drinks and food while listening and clapping and -- except for the very end, observed the quiet rule and were not too noisy at all. Keiko even mentioned that this is the first time she has the crowd finished clapping the rhythm to a favorite song that she had played in her worldwide tour (yeah, I'm part of the guilty party clapping all the way!).... Gerald Veasley, the marvelously talented base wizard (with his "unscripted" jazz series based at this joint) and friends delivered a perfectly symbiotic response to Keiko's music. We didn't try much of the food since we arrived after dinner, but there's always another time! P.S. Our server still brought us some tasty benne pocket bread to nibble on, on the house. Yes, I'm hooked.Great place for jazz and food. Had the stuffed flounder, gumbo and deviled eggs. The vibe is amazing with love music. I will come back.I came here a few weeks ago with a lot of anticipation after seeing stellar reviews on the food and knowing jazz performers regularly come here to showcase their work (I love jazz music!). I was also curious to see how the space transformed since Stephen Starr's Route 6 had left the location. 
I came in on one of the nights Alexis Cole (jazz vocalist) was performing. She and her group put on a great show. It was lovely to see them perform while sipping some coffee with dessert. The room adjacent to the main dining room was turned into a dining area with a stage. Although I had dinner at the bar before the show, it seems you can also dine in the room with the jazz performance space. 
For dinner, we started off with some blue crab toast and half a dozen oysters. The crab toast looked pretty, but I felt like it was missing texture and flavor. The oysters were fresh and delicious, pre-marinated with vinegar and some toppings I don't recall. For our main courses, we had the Berkshire Pork and Crispy Georgia Trout. I felt the trout dish was better-executed than the pork dish. The trout was crispy on the outside while nice and flakey on the inside, with a nice combination of flavors. The pork was good, but a bit on the dry side, while the decorative spoonbread (kind of like cornbread) was very dry and the collards were too salty. The desserts also came out a bit short of expectations. My slice of Bourbon Pecan Pie had a broken crust, and I did not taste a hint of bourbon. The banana bread pudding was a bit too sweet, but it was overall better than the pecan pie and went very well with coffee. 
The bar service we got was good. I liked the Sunday Afternoon Tea (cocktail) better than the Georgia Peach Julep. It was a bit confusing when I came in, because the hostess said she would put my name down on the waitlist for a table, but we ended up having our entire meal at the bar while wondering when we'd get called for our table. I'd suggest reserving a table for dinner or calling in. Overall, you can definitely have a unique dinner + jazz experience at South. It's not cheap, but I think it's worth it to try at least once.Went there Mother 's day. Loved the ambience, live jazz music in the background, but server was inattentive. Food looked nice but servings were skimpy. We paid for our water smh. Will give them a second chance though.The positives: convivial ambience, plenty of hum but not too noisy, appealing space that really evoked relaxed southern elegance. Decent cocktail (the Collins) and dessert (peach cobbler).
The negatives: service was very patchy (at best), we were 20-25 mins late being seated at our table (babysitter clock ticking) and took a long wait to get a drink. Our server took a while to show up once we were seated. Water wasn't refreshed frequently enough, if at all. Food was ok, but didn't live up to the fairly steep check at the end. Patchy service and rather average, yet expensive food disappointed, which was a shame.
If we returned, I think we'd just come for drinks and the jazz.Ugh where to start...south used to be one of my favorite restaurants in the area. I'm from Alabama and I love jazz so I thought this restaurant was my jam. The ten dollar burger couldn't be beat! But they've really gotten worse and worse over the last several months. I go here every few weeks mainly for the burger (but also the live jazz shows are exceptional and I often enjoy them) and I recently ordered the burger and it was done completely wrong. I ordered medium and it came out charred, it was so well done. I also ordered a dirty vodka martini (standard right? and I'm not picky) and it was terrible. How do you mess that up? Plus the waiter/bartender ( as I was sitting in the bar) never checked on me after I ordered and I had to flag him down. And I had to ask twice for water! And it tasted like sewage. I can't believe this rant as I used to love South. So sad. Two stars for the live jazz which still remains wonderful. Terrible food and service though. Seriously sooooo disappointed in what used to be my favorite place.I waited two years to make reservations and it was worth the wait. The menu is filled with a variety of starters and entrees. I decided to order the fried green tomatoes and the Carolina Shrimp and Grits.  The fried green tomatoes were golden, crispy and topped with a creamy shrimp remoulade on a bed of pickled red cabbage.  I devoured every nite.  Now to the Carolina Shrimp and Grits, lobster grits had a smooth consistency and a cheese flavor.  It was the best meal from the start. I'm already planning my next visit.Wait? I haven't reviewed South yet? I came here 2 months ago and absolutely loved it!! I even told my friends throughout the dining experience that I couldn't wait to give 5 stars to this place! 
Well, congrats South. Well deserved. 
I've been to several southern-style dining restaurants, and this is one of my favorites. The food is unique to please the southerner, but it also hasn't lost the Philly-foodie flavor and style that us locals have grown to love. 
Start with the CORNBREAD- its the BEST cornbread I've ever had. Huge portion, in its own baking pan, topped with Honey Cream Cheese Butter!  What?! Yes, Honey Cream cheese butter. This needs an award itself. 
My next salivating dish was the SCALLOPS Special: perfectly cooked scallops, with lump crab meat, corn kernels, cherry tomatoes, zucchini, and the most amazing sweet sauce drizzled on top. I was making "Mmmmm" and "Yummm" sounds the entire time eating it, which probably annoyed my friends! 
SHRIMP & GRITS, a classic dish, was also mind blowing. Again, every southern-style restaurant has this, but there's something different about South's Shrimp & Grits that makes the grits extra delicious. I kept stealing bites off my friends' plate! 
Fried Potato Dumplings were amazing.. they are round balls with this amazing oozy cheese sauce drizzled on top.  Sooo good. 
These other items were good, but not my favorite:  Rock shrimp (didn't stand out like the other dishes), and Pork Pate toast (kind of boring, but its much better if you dip it in the beet spread).
FOOD: 5 stars.  DRINKS: 5 starts for taste, but 4 stars for price (the cocktails were pricey, $12-$14 each, beer is cheaper).  SERVICE: 5 stars.  Overall, great place. Just be ready to break your budget a little!  The 3 of us spent around $180 total, not including tip!I visited this place last year with a friend of mine and again last. It's is still a beautiful place however the food wasn't that good this time. That's too bad because consistency is key.This dinner was one of those times when you're sitting there and just like, "damn...I'm friggin lucky to be here!" This southern food style jazz bar is amaze.
I have to preface this by being transparent and saying the meal was comped through Philadelphia Jazz Festival and Positive Publicity blog, but even if I had paid, the review would be the same.
Let's start with aesthetic. Love the earth tones and openness. There is also outdoor garden decor and seating that I would be interested in checking out for a summertime happy hour.  I love the open, yet intimate feel of this place. It is v hip and trendy with an exposed kitchen - very chic.  We dined in the South Jazz Parlor, for the live music. Much more dimly lit, but still aesthetically pleasing and secluded for patrons who want to listen to some live jazz music while they dine.  The experience as well as the aesthetic is A+...this was only my second time at a jazz bar and the only other one I've been to was in LA, so I was thrilled since this commodity is few and far between these days.
Now time for the food. Are you ready? Idk if you are. Started with the skillet cornbread, small portions split between 4 people, but a great way to hold you over til the main course.  It was delicious.  For dinner I got the salmon! Served with rice and brussels.  It was so good, I usually don't ever order salmon, but I am glad I did. Also this was huge...I ate it all and I loved every bite.  We got the hush puppies and potato dumplings to share for side dishes. I highly recommend these two sides and there was more than enough of both for the 4 of us to get a taste and be satisfied. Also, YES we got dessert. Are you judging? The banana cheesecake was very unique and so good. I've never seen this served anywhere and I loved it.  We also got the decadent chocolate mousse and the name says it all.  I'm glad we split that because it was very rich. It also had caramelized walnuts...what?!?! Yas kween, yes please.
For cocktails I loved them all: the cucumber jalapeno margarita, the cucumber strawberry lemonade martini, and the Mezcal mule...with any of these you cannot go wrong.
Service was amazing. Our waiter Kamerin rocked. He gave honest reviews of what to get and what to shy away from, I appreciated that. 
The only negative thing was that it was a little toasty in there, but honestly the fact that I'm mentioning this is petty. Lol.
It was a wonderful experience. Thank you SOUTH, Philly Jazz Fest, and my wonderful friends for an unforgettable evening out.I was visiting Philadelphia and a friend suggested that we meet up at South. The staff were great and very attentive to our needs during dinner. 
During dinner the manger came over and checked in on us to make sure our meal was good. I even enjoyed a few laughs with our waiter because I took a picture with Gorilla Zoe. We both has a great dinner experience.Stopped in here with a few friends for happy hour and was very happy with South.  This review is only for the bar area and happy hour menu.  First, the place is set up wonderfully, very spacious and just has a good atmosphere.  I can't wait to get back and hang out in the jazz area.  Our bartender was great, very friendly and made awesome drinks.  I had the Kentucky Butler, loved this drink.  We split a few of the bar food items and enjoyed them, the hush puppies and crawfish fritters were really good.  The only thing that seemed to bother me, and it's just me, there seemed to be an echo that made it seem louder than it should have been, it really wasn't crowded to be that loud, but as I said, it's just me.  Overall, had a great night, awesome drinks and great bar food with great service.  Definitely heading back here.So I was here about two weeks ago right before they had their grand opening.  I honestly just stumbled on it and decided to try it out with my boyfriend.
This place is outstanding.  Really it is probably my new favorite place in the city.  The staff are amazing. The food is mind blowingly good. The atmosphere is calming on one side and more upbeat on the other.
I like to hear about attire for places so I will include that; we showed up very casual just because we had been walking around. I would certainly say jeans and t-shirts are not appropriate, but simple khaki's and a collared shirt for men is appropriate.
Prices are mildly expensive, but worth it. I highly recommend coming here. You won't be sorry.Cannot even explain how much my family loved this place. Aside from the fact that the food here was so freaking good and the jazz vibe was great, it was really the service that made the experience. Every staff member was on point. We arrived about 10 minutes before the dining room opened, so the male host told us we could wait at the bar. Bartender made us some drinks (which tasted great & cheaper than what we're used to bc screw NYC) and after a little, offered to see if the dining room was ready for us. We didn't even ask! Female host sat us; she was funny & gave us recommendations that we took. We all enjoyed our food (stand outs were the grits and chicken fried oysters). Waiter was attentive. When we ordered dessert, it was taking a while but we were understanding bc we were literally the first people for dinner. We figured they were still making it & we were the first ones of the night to order. We weren't irritated at all, but then the manager came over to apologize and took the dessert off our bill!
Already happy with the experience, we left but I stupidly left my phone at the restaurant. Called & and they were already holding it for me. When I came back, the hostess was funny about it and then said they even charged it! The same manager also came by and said he plugged it in for me. Seriously, no one is this nice in New York lol. 
I've never felt so compelled to leave a great review because I was so blown away by a restaurant. My brother and sisters agreed that we wish we lived closer to the Philly area because we'd be here all the time  Thanks South!Love this place. Attended several jazz performances with a girlfriend and then with hubby.  Have always eaten at the bar. The best!  The barmaid her name escapes me lovey young lady from Florida is the bomb.  I'd come back just for her excellent drinks. Ha ha. Just kidding.  I've tried all of their happy hour food and it's all good.  Now to the shows. Every seat is is a good seat.  This is my go to spotAmazingly tasty food and nice atmosphere. I went there for the first time a couple days ago. I ordered fried chicken, and I split fried green tomatoes and pecan pie with my boyfriend. Oh my god. It wasn't healthy, but it was the best food I've had in a while. Literally, everything tasted really good. The atmosphere is really nice too. Everyone there seemed really happy with their meal and excited to be there. They have an open kitchen and sometimes live music. I'm definitely going again.Went here for dinner on a few different occasions. The food is very good, haven't been disappointed with the food as of yet. The staff is very professional and accommodating. I have eaten in the restaurant side and the jazz cafe side, both are good. If you don't plan in advance you may find that there is no seating in the jazz cafe. I've had the braised beef short rib dinner, mac and cheese appetizer and collard greens. The appetizer of cornbread is super fluffy and non heavy! I loved it. I would recommend this place to anyone who wants a little live music with dinner. I would go to this place first before going to the other Jazz places in the city!!This place has a great atmosphere and even better food. And the drinks just top it all off. We went to South our last night in Philly. If you want to go and see one of the shows in the other room be sure to check their website for tickets. Our waitress Danielle was the best. Very knowledgeable with the food and drink menu. GET THE FRIED CHICKEN. It's hella good and comes in large portions. I had to take one piece to go and I usually finish my plate and my girlfriends plate lol. I would recommend doing reservations as it looked pretty packed the whole time we were there. Oh I almost forgot the cornbread is straight fire. You gotta try.Perfect night out!! The music was superb and the food was so delish! Beautiful space and yummy cocktails!! (I really can't use enough explanation points apparently!!) I had a Cheshire Cat grin the whole night! Def one of my new fave spots!FANATSTIC place! 
Impecable Food, Service and Atmosphere!
The food was amazing!! We seat at the jazz bar area and ordered our meal from there. Started with a pear old fashion cocktail. The drink was perfect sweet but strong! 
Then we followed with the fritters. The fritters were so meaty and flavorful! Following next we got the entrees. My fioncee and I split the pork and the shrimp. These dishes were both delicious!!! 
Our waitress Fanchesca was exceptional, in addition all of the waitresses coming around and helping were incredible attentive.
This place is by far one of my top 3 restaurants in Philly!Refreshing experience.  The atmosphere was more than I expected.  I checked out pictures online before going but it looked even better in person.  The jazz section was alil too close in terms of seating but I get the concept.  The table we sat next to extended themselves beyond their table due to the closeness and wasn't respecting the space between tables.  I'm not going to fault the restaurant directly for that but it's something to consider.  I would also recommend more comfortable chairs at the tables.  The food was great.  When you combine the food, entertainment and the presentation I would have to say job well done overall.  Staff was very professional and helpful throughout the evening.  You can tell management is somewhat a stickler for detail and wants to keep a certain vibe and presentation which I can really respect.First, be dressed to impress,because they've certainly dressed this restaurant to impress! We got the salad with strawberries & rhubarb and a vinaigrette. It was ok, not enough dressing to offer another layer of taste.  The "Georgia On My Mind" was too heavy on the gin for my liking and was left untouched on the table. Everything else was perfect. The cornbread, the Shrimp & Grits, & the fried chicken. Very good!I took my boyfriend here for his birthday and we both enjoyed it. The atmosphere is great, the people are great and so was the food. I had the Crispy Georgia Trout with green cauliflower, yams, celery root purée and creole tomato saffron sauce. My boyfriend had Crawfish Bisque followed by Sirloin strip steak with root vegetables, crispy potatoes and Parmesan fondue. Dessert was Chocolate Carmel Cream Pie.South on North- wow- spectacular show, fabulous cabaret, great food, exciting drinks- South on North Broad St. I had crab cakes served with sautéed broccoli rabe and roasted purple fingerlings. My drink was a Pink Gin Mule. Everything was delicious although broccoli rabe and purple potatoes were a strange combo for crab cakes, it worked out just fine. The crab cakes were pure crab with possibly some tartar mixed in with the crab and were crispy and delicious. The place had an interesting, winding layout and had great eye appeal. I was able to park legally within one block, for free.My son & I went to South for a birthday dinner & it was amazing. Everything we ate was great. The cornbread skillet with honey butter was almost like cake, and the deviled eggs with shrimp were the truth. 
Special shout out to our waiter, Guy, who is one of the kindest waiters I've ever experienced.Took clients here and we ordered close to 10 appetizers, all of wish were amazing. Chicken fried oysters, Cajun shrimp deviled eggs, octopus (was amazing!) duck confit flatbread, crab toast, crawfish fritters and a few other I cannot remember.  Would get 5 stars but my sazerac cocktail kept getting smaller and smaller- last one was barely a half inch in the glass. Also- when I called about a 6:15 reservation, Andrea gave me a really hard time for about 5 full minutes until she said they could only take me at 6. Seriously....it was only 15 minutes and not a big deal. I wish she would have said it first. Also, about 5 tables around us stayed empty the whole time so not sure what the problem was.This is such a unique restaurant. The aura is beautiful, the vibe is enticing, and the employees are phenomenal. 
The choice of music was exquisite and the layout of the building was ingeniously thought out.  
Marie is an amazing waitress; she's adorable, fun, sweet, and made us feel so so welcome. She was patient, helpful, and attentive to our needs. 
She was probably the best waitress I've ever had now that I'm thinking about it. We had an amazing evening.Great ambience and service! I don't think the food was bad, however it was definitely not worth the price. Overall, it wasn't that flavorful, salmon was overcooked and rice was undercooked. Salmon and rice aren't difficult to cook, so that caught me off guard that they couldn't get that right. With the vibe this restaurant provided, I expected their food to be really good but unfortunately, that wasn't the case.Do yourself a favor and don't go here. This restaurant has great potential - good location and ambiance.
But the service is HORRIBLE. Had a reservation for 9:30pm, arrived at 9:15pm and told there was a 15 minute wait. Makes sense right?
After 35-40 mins I checked back in and am informed that they need to clear out the back room and everyone will be seated shortly. There was a massive amount of people waiting.
Apparently, they were waiting for a jazz show and we were not. So after asking again we find out we were waiting an hour for no reason.
So annoyed, but hoping for the best. We ordered drinks and waited 20+mins while I watch our waitress chatting with someone else. 
Finally, I got the attention of the manager and he gave us the drinks quickly and free of charge.
Food came out pretty quickly and was pretty good, but our waitress did not return until we asked another waiter to send her over.
Overall, food was pretty good, but not good enough to make up for the horrific service. There are a lot of other options in the city - so I suggest you go there.I really was disappointed with South the food was just ok to me. I really was expecting something more grand the service was horrible and truthfully the waiter was a little racist. The music was great I enjoyed the band that night. I will not be returning.Great meal during restaurant week. Catfish entree was absolutely delicious. Come for the food, stay for the ambiance and great music. Try the sweet potato cheesecake for something out of this world.I was here NYE for a beautiful birthday date with my partner. Natasia (I'm hoping this is correct) was an amazing server who fully explained the menu and drink selections for the night, there was a little mix up with the food and she was more then apologetic about it and offered us another round of drinks on the house. She also took many pictures of couples sitting in her area she phenomenal while continously making sure the guest in her section had been taking care of. The food and ambience of South was amazing on NYE night I surprisingly found parking on Broad street two blocks down. Once in we were greeted immediately and sat by the hostess it was a perfect night! Thank you NatasiaFirst time but definitely not the last...The gulf catfish was superb! I love the theme, decor and ambiance.... very welcomingTried this place this past weekend and loved it. If you want southern food in Philly, I definitely recommend it. 
We loved everything we ordered and I can't lie and say that we're the easiest to please.
We had: the afternoon tea cocktail, fried shrimp appetizer, pimento appetizer, Lancaster chicken special with succotash, the Berkshire pork, the lamb, hush puppies, grits, the strawberry rhubarb turnover with ice cream, salted chocolate ice cream, and the banana pudding.
I'd say the "must order" items are the shrimp, pimento appetizer (the pocket bread is AMAZING but caution: the pimento spread has a little kick of spice), and the turnover. I'm not a banana pudding fan, but my husband would swear you must order this too ;) They served complimentary cornbread the night we dined, along with one cheddar biscuit (for four people--yes, one biscuit seemed a bit odd). 
The ice creams are Franklin fountain, score!
We had a few minor service hiccups but they went above and beyond in rectifying them and we had a GREAT meal.
We loved the design and how they actually use the items in mason jars that also serve as decoration.
This place has a room behind the dining room with live jazz. I believe Tuesday evenings are jam sessions and there's no charge. It sounds like they usually sell out on the other nights so book your admission early for that room.Food is decent, but customer service wasn't good at all. Hostesses don't know what they're doing. The manager Kumbah always has an ugly look on her face and has a really repulsive attitude. They need better staff and management.Being from a Southern state (Maryland -- so i won't go as far as to call myself a southern belle -- even though i wish i could) I do love some home cooked southern food! Philadelphia was definitely lacking in that cuisine but not any longer with SOUTH now being up and running!
Not only is the atmosphere perfect from the spanish moss hanging from the installation in the ceiling of the main dining area/bar but the pickling jars full of all kinds of different things (super curious what the chef's will be doing with pickled watermelon -- stay tuned! i'll let you know) just makes you feel as though you are sitting in grandma's kitchen on the family's plantation down in South Carolina. The drinks are fantastic, the food is to die for and the jazz music adds the perfect background noise to this unique setting in Philadelphia. 
Not only do they have great food, music and drinks but to top it all off, the servers, chefs and bartenders are all the nicest people! Having moved to the city from a rural area, it was a culture shock to have to come into daily contact with not so nice people. That doesn't exist in SOUTH. Our server David was so attentive and pleasant, I would totally go back and request to be in his section. We also sat at the chef's bar which was pretty amazing being that you could look directly into the kitchen (totally completing the feeling of being in your grandma's kitchen) and talk with the chefs. Santana was super friendly and answered all of our super obnxious questions about the restaurant, what was in the jars, and even about his personal life (oops -- we know we are nosey). Having not only great food and great drinks with great people, but having such a pleasant experience with those working at the restaurant made our stay all the better! Please make a reservation, because this place is, understandably so, extremely popular and see for yourself what I'm raving about! See you soon SOUTH
xoxo
HDThis place was awesome. Anytime you can be 10 feet from Gerald Veasley is a treat. He is such an incredible bass player. The show tonight featured Nneenna Freelon, who was also wonderful. We were seated in the front row of tables, wasn't too loud, food was great, service excellent, and just a great time. I can't wait to go back.I stopped in here with my girlfriend on a Saturday night and grabbed some food and drinks in the lounge area adjacent to the bar and we were both very pleased with the experience. The service, atmosphere, food and drinks were superb and is a must visit for anyone who likes Live jazz, great southern food or hand crafted cocktails. South Sazerac is there house specialty and is amazing! We had the friend oysters, pork croquettes, burger and hush puppies from the bar menu and each dish was better than the next. I highly recommend this restaurant!Went here for a friend's birthday. For starters, the ambience is amazing. The decor is so classy and homey at the same time and really creates a good dining environment. We were a group of 9 people and for the most part all of us ordered separate meals. For starters we shared the cornbread and the octopus. The octopus was perfectly cooked and seasoned and was one of the best things I've tasted. I had the duck for my entree and that too was perfect. My friend had the lobster w grits- delish!!! The only complaint was with the veggies that came with the stuffed redfish, they were way too salty. I also had their sweet iced tea which was really good. Will definitely visit again and recommend!!I've been here a few times. I'm always able to hear great music but.... This time we had the special, Beef short ribs, a marvelous gumbo and a lemon pie. 
All great but what made the whole experience was the service. Sakinah.. nah was amazing attentive polite and beautiful service. Oh she's beautiful as well. Ask for her if you want gr8 serviceA pleasant surprise!  For a big ol' space, it's really comfortable and the side where they play the jazz, where we sat, was atmospherically really nice.  Acoustics are great.  I didn't love the band, but you can't fault them for that.
Hostess was lovely.  Service at the table was a bit curious but absolutely adequate and fine.  No complaints, just the comment. 
Drinks - had special margarita with cucumber juice (eh, but that's the cucumber juice; I should have known better.  I don't fault them for trying.)  The sazerac my partner had was good. 
Cornbread.  Yes, delicious and how can you not love a dollop of butter melting in the middle of a sweet cast iron skillet of corn bread?
Baby gem lettuce was my partner's choice for appetizer.  He liked it - especially the fried green tomatoes, though I noticed the lettuce wasn't ripped as fully as it could have been.  Same with my kale salad.  Could have been better prepped.  The idea of the kale salad was appealing, and the squash was fried, which was unexpected and delicious.  But, I wasn't expecting the honey that smothered the bottom of the plate.  It was unexpected and not so delicious.  I'm not a sweet-tooth kind of person and I know it's "southern" cooking, but with that much honey, it should have been in the description.  If I'd known it was a sweet, not savory, salad, I wouldn't have ordered it.
As a vegetarian, the only entrée choice is vegetable jambalaya. I appreciate that it was there, for sure, but with such a creative menu I would think the kitchen could come up with another option or two.  Maybe a vegetarian plate with all the sides from all the other dishes for starters?  Regardless, the jambalaya was satisfying.  As a vegetarian I don't have any experience with jambalaya so can't compare it to anything, but I liked it.  The cornmeal fried peppers that came with the dish were a lovely surprise - tasty, crisp, flavorful and unusual.  The fried green tomato was also lovely, and tangy.  I was so stuffed I didn't even try the hush puppies.  Partner got catfish and was really pleased with both the fish and the grits.  
Partner and I both agreed overall, it was a positive experience foodwise.  Defintey better than 'eh.'  I'd go again for the atmosphere for sure. The bar seemed a good place to hang out.  The music wasn't totally to my taste but it's a lovely venue and if you like jazz, you might really enjoy it.I love love love this place. Went here twice in a week because it was so awesome. The first time, I had a reservation for dinner but we got there early so got a seat at the bar and ended up ordering all our food there. Excellent drinks, very good menu. Try the deviled eggs with shrimp. The next time, we got tickets for the show. Service is awesome even during the show. You can order food at the bar and they will deliver it to your table if it's close to the show starting time.
The energy at this place is amazing. Atmosphere is very nice. Definitely visit it if you like jazz.I've been to South twice. The first time for happy hour. I came with really high expectations after hearing so many great things from various people. Honestly, I was underwhelmed by the happy hour. The food and drinks were just okay. Living in a city with so many great restaurants and happy hour specials, I'd say skip South for happy hour. 
I decided to give South another chance.  I'm glad that I did. My second visit was for dinner and a jazz performance. Much better experience this time. The entrees were delicious, the service was good, and the music was great. For the true South experience, come for dinner and the music.Went during restaurant week. Food was delicious!! My girlfriend wanted to return the next day...lol the waitress was very helpful. I told her I was allergic to red dye, so she gave me a complete rundown of the desert menu and substituted the red velvet cake with a sweet potato cheesecake that was amazing! I wish I could remember her name.(3.75) ~ Good Overall Food & Beverage.  Note: Street Parking -or- Valet
OUR FAVS:
** Creamy Onion Bisque = (4.25) Very good
** Anson Mills Grits = (4.25) Very good
** Cheddar Biscuits(free) = (4) very good, but too small;)lol
OTHER STUFF TRIED:
* Berkshire Pork = (3.75) Good
* Water(tap) = (3.5) good
* Coffee = (3.5) good
* Corn Bread(free) = (3.5) good
* Creamed Collards = (3.5) good
* Pecan Pie = (3.5) goodNEVER AGAIN......two gumbo's and one soup came out less than warm after a 30 minute wait after finishing our appetizers.  Gumbo had the taste of flour.  Bread basket items and kale salad all contained bacon grease.  Not mentioned on menu.  Babe leaf salad way over dressed.  Wine service very slow.  Waitress was too busy in jazz club to provide good service.  Ordered sides but could not eat them without a fork.  3.5 hours for dinner - what a waste.  
During dinner an employee opened the lounge front door onto Broad Street to stand outside and chat with friends.  We were freezing so I went over and closed the door - looking him out.  One star for val parking and coat check services.We ate with another couple on Saturday night.  The food was really good, but a couple of things prevented me from giving it 5 stars.  1. I ordered Crab Bisque, but I had to send it back because it was not hot.  It was returned promptly and warmer. 2. I asked for salt and pepper, but it took them about 5 minutes for me to get it. 3. The jazz club in the next room cost $30. to enter, but was sold out anyway.  The music did intrude into the dining room in the form of drums and muffled sound.  The meal was a bit pricey, and the restaurant was very good and I would recommend it.The place has a good ambience and has good jazz but for someone who is new in town, it doesn't tell you that the jazz area is separate and you cannot change that. We went on a date on Valentine's and there were no good vegetarian options (even after mentioning that in special requests),  couldn't cancel as there was a $45 cancellation fee per person and were not able to sit in the jazz area either. Overall, it was not worth the high price though the hosts were very friendly.I love this place!! The jazz artists were excellent, providing a soulful experience while dining. If you plan to dine while sitting in the jazz bar, I would suggest that you get there early as it gets packed. The food was excellent and so was Jen, our waitress. The cheddar biscuits that they bring to the table was a great starter to what's to come. We dined on the skillet cornbread with cream cheese honey butter, blue crab ravigote, cornmeal crusted trout, and crawfish stuffed flounder. For dessert, we ended the meal with beignets. Incredible meal! Thank you South for a wonderful experience.The short ribs are great, the "Night in Tunisia" is right on! The turnip greens w potatoes and turkey sublime. The pear and apple cobbler tasty. Tuesday night is an open mic night like nowhere else in Philly's Jazz scene at the moment. Real talent meets here. The beer selection is something special.South has earned the coveted five stars from me for its impeccable service, amazingly flavorful food and charming southern atmosphere.  
SERVICE
When we walked in, we were quickly and professionally greeted by our hostesses, one of whom led us to a two-top table.  And that's where Lydia, our server, entered our lives.  She was the sweetest and most attentive server ever!  She was able to answer our questions easily, gave recommendations and had an amazing attitude.  Lydia treated us as if she wanted us to have the most amazing time.  In addition to Lydia, a couple of managers popped by to check on our experience.  And the gentlemen who brought our plates were fun.  I felt that they, too, wanted us to have an amazing time.
FOOD
Ok. Warning: The words will fail me in this section because I don't know how to describe the incredible food! 
For my appetizer, I ordered fried oysters on a bed of creamy spinach. Separately, each item was amazing on its own, but together...POW! BANG! An explosion of flavors in my mouth!  
Then they have two types of grits: 
- one that comes as a side dish with cheesy and bacon-y deliciousness. It stands on its own and needs no accompaniment  
- the other is an entree made with lobster stock.  It comes with a few lobster chunks and about six pieces of medium-sized shrimp.  Full of flavor! I ordered this as my entree.
You can't go wrong with either of these dishes.
My partner in crime ordered the crispy fish entree.  She didn't offer me any, so I guess it was fantastic! LOL!!!
For dessert, I ordered the chocolate cake.  IT WAS CHRISTMAS ON A PLATE!  The dish included two brownie-type cakes, crispy on the outside and almost molten on the inside, and two dollops of pumpkin spice gelato on top of melted chocolate and chocolate crumbles.  O...M...G!!!! All I needed was some milk.  So, I asked Lydia.  And she obliged.  She brought my milk in a black mug, just like one I own.  It was as if I was having dessert in the comfort of my own home.
ATMOSPHERE
The decor is beautiful.  The entrance, which is off Broad St., is like a garden.  Once inside, and after sitting there a while, I began to feel as if I was in someone's beautifully designed, open-concept kitchen...wrapped in the seductive charms of a small southern town, like Savannah, GA.  In addition to the dining area, South offers a Jazz Parlor, which is a large, spacious design with a stage and booths, as well as tables.  There is a cover charge to enter the Jazz Parlor, which is added to your bill.  Check the web site for amounts, because the costs differ from night to night.  However, when the band is playing, you can hear them when you're in the dining space.  
The servers wore jeans, along with a white top and white apron, I believe.  So, while the atmosphere is hipster and upscale, it's ok to wear jeans there.
The next day, we told everyone about our incredible experience at South.  Soooo...in case you can't guess from the five star rating and long, complimentary review, you should go.Had business dinner here last night.  It started with the valet taking my $20 on an $18 parking.  I was going to tip him a five but I guess he felt entitled to "keep the change"
On a Friday night they were out of several menu items.  Then we were told that they have NO beer on tap until a week from now!  So we ordered wine which ran out after our first order and they had no more Pinot Grigio.
I ordered the duck and the waitress informed me that the chef likes to make it med-rare.  Of course that is ok.  She even wrote it down!  It came back like they were left overs from a week ago that were reheated three times.  It was the toughest duck I've ever had.
I mentioned it to the waitress and she acted like she already knew. Apologized and rushed us out the door.
On the way out I had to make a pit stop and the odor was unbearable!  It smelled like an Amtrak bathroom on the local train from DC.
I hear the owners are two St. Joe's buddies.  I guess t.hey teach strong handshakes but not customer service.
Needless to say I won't be coming back.
PS.  I tried really hard to write at least one nice thing and honestly could not think of one thing.Came here for Restaurant Week and this may be my newest favorite higher end restaurant, previously owned by Bud and Marilyn's! Location is outside the busy center city but there's a decent amount of free parking with a little walking. The decor inside was very pleasant and it reminded me of Forest Gump's house with the wooden walls and Spanish moss. The dining area is open and good for small to medium size parties (2-6 people). They have another part of the restaurant that is sectioned off for live jazz, which I will be back for soon! The service was very friendly and professional, which makes the whole night a great experience. 
Now for the food! The food absolutely mouth watering! I had the shrimp and grits, sea bass and caramelized root veg, and pecan pie. How do you not love this place already. The presentation of the food is 1m instagram followers worthy and the kitchen staff are great to talk to.
Will come here for the Jazz bar soon!Great place with live music and entertainment, the food was authentic and delicious. Presentation is there, with great execution in taste and texture. A great date place with a nice vibe and atmosphere.Very nice ambiance & decor. The area for
LIVE music was cramped and hard to get around. We were a party of 3 and we have 2 push 2 cafe sized tables together.  Not a good set-up.  Waiter was excellent, food was delish & authentic Southern food and the band was on point. Had a great time. Fried catfish was EXCELLENT. Spicy with a good crunch from the CORNMEAL in the coating...know what I mean. LOL!! Friend had fried green tomatoes and she loved them. 
I will return to try more on the menu.What a great place to eat, kick back and enjoy some live music....
Really nice decor upon walking into the joint.  The Main dining room is split with a small music venue for the jazz groups on another side.  You're greeted by a classy looking bar with a bartender in bow tie and vest. You immediately notice a professional staff and friendly folks.
As for my first drink, my sazerac could have been better...didn't taste much whiskey in it.  Old fashion was good, but all drinks might have been a little light on their whiskey pours.  Can't complain though, prices were good.  $12 & $10 respectively.
Food was good.....could be better but I wouldn't know because we came on restaurant week so menu items were limited.
Corn bread with soft butter, baked in a mini cask iron skillet was ok, might have tasted like Jiffy box, but the soft butter spread made the dish.  Fried green tomatoes were phenomenal....mayo/sriracha sauce with crab meat maybe?....that made the dish.  Mac n Cheese was really good, but tasted like lasagna because they put a side of marinara.  Fried chicken was really really good.....Extra crispy thin skin with really moist meat inside.  How was this soo good????  Short rib with side of collard greens and small potatoes were also good....collard greens might have been one of the best I've had.  Desert was assortment of cheesecakes, red velvet and maybe a creme brûlée....Adequate to end the meal.
What's makes this place great was the live jazz band and the over all atmosphere.  I've never been to New Orleans, but they coulda fooled me.The atmosphere  was warm and the host and waiting  staff were friendly. I went during restaurant  week but ordered off the regular  menu..shrimp and grits which was nothing spectacular and a crab dish appetizer which didn't leave me wanting more it tasted pedestrian. I liked the fact I could hear the jazz music without having to be seated directly  near the performance. I like to vibe of the restaurant  that's  about it.Cures depression. I absolutely love this place. The flood is delicious the atmosphere is beautiful and the service is friendly. I'm not sure why people eat at ala spina next door.Amazing...food was on point and the music was mind blowing. We listened to the talent of The Claffy band. They were so good for stayed for two sets! The stuffed crawfish was phenomenal. The lobster and grits was on point! This is definitely a nice place for a date or just to hang with friends. Upscale and the restaurant itself is beautiful! We plan to be regulars! You should too!Dined during happy hour and I was definitely impressed with both the food & service. Hostess was very friendly and accommodating, as were both bartenders at the bar. I like the overall atmosphere and decor. Will definitely come back for dinner and a show next timeHad a great time sipping a fabulous Sunday tea and watching the Kentucky Derby, followed by dinner and a fine show. The rock shrimp was fantastic. The trout was divine. The La Colombe was a great finish to a great meal. We loved the ambiance -- relaxed, yet classy. The Jazz Parlor was perfect, seemed like every table was a good one, it sounded as good in the front of the room as in the back.
My only criticism is the website -- it's confusing about the seating for dinner. We struggled to get there for the 6:30 seating, but once we got there, we discovered that we could go in and sit down after watching the horse race at the bar. And then we discovered there were three sets, and we could have gone in just about any time to eat and watch the musical entertainment. So that's actually a pleasant discovery. We'll be back!Fantastic space, music, drinks and food. Favorites include the Kentucky Butler cocktail and shrimp and grits. Nice that you can order the full menu in the jazz lounge or the quieter dining room.I can't underscore enough how delicious the food is and how wonderful it is to eat while listening to this amazing jazz. Well done.Their brunch special is ok. I ordered take out and this is what they gave me for $30. Keep in mind they atomically add gratuity. I asked the waitress about my sides and she said this is all they give u. I also got one piece of fish.We went to South this evening for a friends' bday.  This place is beautiful!! It gives me the calm (use of wood grain), whimsical (use of tree branches with lanterns hanging from the ceiling), down home (mason jars with pickled veggies), grown and sexy feel (dimly lit, live bands) all in one!! The customer service was awesome!! From the  hostess to our waitress Lydia who gave great suggestions regarding ordering, which were totally on point!!! We got creamed collards to begin and cornbread, I remained light with veggies and octopus for my entry , which were all very good. Our seats were not near the live band, as the rooms are separate. 
As per my friend who checked that section out, the live band is a lil more livelier, while the other side more calm. We plan to return and visit the area which features the live band ( we were told could be a cover depending on who is performing). The outside was very beautiful, there is an area for outside dining, so when we return we will attempt to sit outside. 
The Food:
I ordered pretty light, veggies and octopus, no dessert. The veggies were seasoned to perfection, my friends ordered the red fish entry and they truly enjoyed. The portions are normal sized, no doggie bags, but we ate to our fill. 
Our waitress was so attentive, though we did not get desserts she bought my friend out Bday ice cream with a candle, too cute! 
There are no salt and pepper shakers or other condiments some restaurants include on their tables, which said a lot because you truly don't need them.
Their prices are reasonable as well 3 entries, around $80 or so, which was not bad at all. 
I truly just enjoyed hanging out, we were not rushed after we ate and paid. We took pictures and just enjoyed the ambiance.  
I will totally return!!!South was an excellent and affordable dinner!  The ambiance is great with good acoustics, and really friendly staff.  Starters came out right away and the waiter told us there would be some time before the main & sides were out. He brought us a Gouda buscuit to tide us over!
"Before the sunset" was an excellent cocktail. Refreshing, icy, & well-made.
My boyfriend and I shared the following (we over ordered but had leftovers to take home):
skillet bread (sweet and delicious cornbread you could easily have for 4 ppl)
deviled eggs (super flavorful, but I could do without the homemade chips)
Shrimp and grits (fabulous and hearty. Big nice portion, some of the best shrimp I've ever had)
Collards (they have a little kick! But I think they're delish)
Hush puppies (they weren't my favorite, but I can understand why folks love em)
Bourbon pecan pie (the buttermilk ice cream from franklin fountain was awesome!!)
I'd go back in a minute ; next time for some jazz too!Rather unique menu, 40 minutes for a well done steak that was pink! Great decor and ambiance. Drinks were also very good. Bar menu was better than the dinner menu. The brunch menu looked incredible.Would love to return for the jazz parlor. The food here is great...Plenty of southern flavors and cocktails are on point. Definitely a great place to bring company.Such an under-rated and reviewed gem within the city!
I'll get straight to the point, the location may be out of the way but perk is that there will always be street parking. 
Beautiful interior decoration, whether you decide to engross yourself in the Jazz Lounge for live music or simple dine in at the restaurant portion. 
Recommendation:
- Duck Confit: highly suggest medium rare for a tender, juicy, melt in your mouth experience. One of the better places I've been to who has rightly managed the heat to ensure quality. Only downside is that I've noticed it may not be consistent each time I've been here. But the manager is wonderful and offered a new plate! 
- Raw Oysters: subtle sweetness, fresh, live 
- Lamb Shank: fall off the bone, aromatic, and another must get if you're here. Perfectly blended and mixed with heart my greens on the side.Live great jazz and blues music, great drinks and nice ambiance. The only thing I don't enjoy is by my own fault of not being open enough to try new dishes is the lack of choices in the menu. But again, my palette is minimally small. This place gets all 5 stars however.Not happy at all leaving here. Service was the main reason but there were others. 
The host put us in the bar section when there were tables available. Then they were out of the Savignon Blanc I ordered. On a Tuesday! It took twenty minutes to figure this out. It also took thirty minutes from when we were seated to get my husband's iced tea but server brought sweetened by mistake so it took more time to get the correct unsweetened. 
Finally, the food was just meh. The pappardelle was way too hot when it came out but tasted fine. If I had just the fried green tomatoes, I probably would have been feeling better but it was served and I had no cutlery, which the runner went to get. Husband had steak but we had to ask for steak knife.
Just seemed like they were way off the whole night. And I'm mad I spent $100 for a meal I wasn't satisfied with, except the steak, but part of it was cooked too much.Love the vibe and my service has been great all the times I've been. I recommend the desserts  very satisfying so save room!This restaurant is a MUST! The ambiance,  the service, the drinks, and of course, the food are ALL better than amazing!! At the bar (happy hour 4p-7p), I've had the strawberry cucumber soaked vodka. Let me tell you how yummy this is and it packs a punch. You don't feel it until you get up. So, sip slow! The short rib flatbread and mini angry chicken sandwich are amazeballs! For lunch I've had the mac & cheese, vegetarian jambalaya, and wood roasted salmon. Lord o' Lord! The sides were even DELICIOUS! The cornbread is a must!! Oh so delicious!! I went with my sister 8.10.18 for the 1st time. I've already scheduled two more ladies' night outs. This is how delicious the food is. Hopefully we can partake in the outside seating with beautiful art. The decor is fab too, let me not forget. The bathrooms are clean as well (important). I want to marry whoever is cooking! Such a foodie! People ask where do I put all the food I eat. Just lucky to have a good digestive track I guess. I live in NJ and have no problems traveling for amazing eats! My sister's friend (Will) referred us and I,now, trust his tastebuds. Trust mine people!! My tastebuds have yet to disappoint. Let me know what you think  if you visit. I wish I could give more stars but, eh, 5 says it all!This place was amazing. Came here for an anniversary with my gf and we both loved it. We didn't eat anything except dessert and it was delicious. We came for three show and we weren't disappointed. Lauren talise was amazing and we would recommend this place to anyone.I wanted to enjoy this place so much since I have been to Relish and Warm Daddy's and enjoyed both. I've been to SOUTH one other time for a small birthday celebration and enjoyed it but this time was disappointing. I was hosting a group happy hour and started trying to contact them a month in advance. I sent an email on the website. I called and left several messages with the morning host. I got the email address of the reservations manager (Ms. Sarnoor) and messaged her directly. I never got a response. On the day of I came early and spoke to the manager. She acknowledged that she had received my messages but stated she had been busy (for a whole month) and never got back to me. She said that after the tables seated in the lounge got up, we could have them and that we would be "well taken care of"  This never happened. A table got up and two women who came in after I did were seated. I spoke to the host who told me that Ms. Sarnoor had never talked to her about giving us the next lounge tables.the chicken slider zWhen we finally were seated the service was awful. We had a young lady with red hair who kept forgetting our food  orders and confusing our drink orders. My group requested that next time we go back to the last venue or to somewhere new because the service was honestly terrible. I would try the main dining room with a dinner reservation but will never again hold an event there.The food is delicious !!  I have never been to New Orleans but I imagine this is what it would like to go.  They had a variety of different options.  I had the blackened salmon.  It was absolutely delicious. The crab cakes and corn bread were ordered as appetizers and I only wish there was more of both!  The cream cheese butter was delicious.  I was told the veggie jambalaya was spicy but delicious.  It was served with fried veggies and hush puppies.  Everyone enjoyed their mean and I would definitely recommend it to others. I will be back!Ambience was amazing. The interior of this restaurant is so inviting. My friend and I opted to sit where the live jazz music was - it happened to be open mic night.  Very amazing talent with both singers and players of various instruments all age ranges. 
They had a great deal - 3 courses for $25 where you pick one of three starters, brisket entree with potato salad and cole slaw, and choice of two desserts. My friend ordered this and I got the stuffed red fish. The brisket was incredibly tender, the perfect amount of fatty. It maybe had too much sauce. The sauce was sweet but truly complimented the brisket and especially was delicious with the potato salad. Being a true southerner from NC - this was definitely southern comfort food. The red fish was just ok. It didn't really taste like much and a stuffed fish you expect to be tender and full of rich creamy stuffed flavor. It just wasn't. The side was also just "meh". We did have the deviled eggs to start and I would eat just those as my meal. Also tried the gumbo of the day - turkey and andouille sausage. For dessert we chose the pineapple bread pudding. It was divine. I also ordered the cucumber jalapeño Margarita. This was SPICY. I mean like very spicy. Smoke sat in the back of your throat spicy. I would have liked a bit more sweet to compensate and offset. I ordered it because of the jalapeño I just didn't think it would be all spice.I liked this place head to toe. The service was very friendly, the ambiance is nice, and the food was very very good. We heard some very good and interesting music headlined by a lead trombonist.  We ordered the: the cheese board and pickles, the gumbo, the ceasar salad and for the entree we shared the fried fish flounder.  All the items were tasty - the fish flounder really was perfectly cooked.  I might add the food that we saw but did not have looked good too.  The gumbo tasted more like jambalaya but still was real decent but not like other gumbo I've had before.  Re the place itself, it's comfortable, spacious, great friendly service - not overly friendly but casual and nice, and the jazz show was surprisingly good - talent was on display. I'm not a jazz fan btw but the music was beyond my expectations.  All in all a real happy homey good experience and hope to be back.I wanted to like this place. The concept is great. The ambiance is very nice. Great for a date night. A small dinner party. It's a jazz parlor but it's not obnoxiously loud like some places that offers live music can be. So it's great if you want to enjoy music and still be able to have a convo. You have the Jazz parlor area where you can eat while you listen to Jazz. The bar where there's a special menu and the kitchen seating...where you can see the chefs at work and get a special prefixe menu. We had a dinner party of 11 with reservations for 8:30 but didn't get seated until about 9:15. 
So we're seated and I look at the menu. It's lackluster. You hear the name South and you think "cool. I can get some butter milk fried chicken if nothing else on the menu strikes my fancy"....ummm no. This menu was so boring to me. I feel what makes restaurants special is that there's something to cater to everyone. So sure someone could enjoy the corn meal crusted trout with lima bean purée or the Duck with farro and succotash  but there should be something for the person who doesn't like all of that. There wasn't. I eat everything. And me of all people looked at the menu 6x before I decided to tell Molly (our server) I was gonna have some apps. 
Speaking of Molly. Sigh. I'm not sure if she was just having an off night....if she was tired or what but this server. I hope to get her again when she has a better day. First off...her introduction was bad. She just kind of popped up and stood there like she was a shining twin. She says "I'm your server Molly" no enthusiasm...nothing. Didn't ask if it was our first time for anything. She asked if we wanted good ol Philly tap or bottle water. We chose tap. She came back with bottles and was just rude in how she poured it. I don't think it's the right way to just reach in front of people to pour water. You could've asked for the glass or even say excuse me before you just swooped in like an eagle for the kill. We sat and tried to figure out what was what on the menu and she must've asked us if we were ready to order 50x. No offer to explain the menu items. Point out the best seller or even her favorite. So we tried to figure out and started saying what we wanted and she says...."I'll come back". Y'all!!! She turned around and left as we were getting ready to order. We all sat there like "wait a minute. What just happened". We finally ordered. I got the hush puppies...Salmon croquettes and a Brandy Julep which was the drink of the evening. Y'all.....SMH...SMH *holds heart* 
Our food took over a hr to come out. MIND YOU...about 5 of us ordered. Apps and maybe 3 main meals. This food took over a hr to come out. 45 mins while we're waiting she brings out some rolls (think upgraded Red Lobster biscuits). The ice in our drinks melted before our food came....God rose from the dead before our food came...the hair on my legs grew back before our food came. They must've went to another century to get this food. It wasn't even busy so I'm even more confused as to what happened. We asked a manager for our food and then it magically appeared. I had the Brandy Julep. You know what it tasted like?!? A watered down mojito. The presentation is nice it comes on this huge cup with shaved iced. But that presentation was also the down fall. There was no alcohol. No flavor. It tasted like water with a little flavor. It need to be way stronger if it was gonna sit on ice like that. The hush puppies should just stay on the hush hush. No flavor. It seriously tasted like nothing. The cream cheese sauce tasted like unsalted butter. The salmon croquettes were super salty. It was really hard..the sauce on it was super super super salty and the corn relish it came on was so disappointing. It looks like they just threw everything on a plate. I wouldn't even give know his place a 2 but I felt like the place itself is gorgeous. I hope they read this and do some major fixing. I'm super disappointed.Happened into South for the first time on a whim with my boyfriend. The decor is lovely--charming, enchanting, a little whimsical with Southern charm. The food was delicious. We ordered the crawfish fritters, hush puppies, gumbo, and wreck fish. All fantastic. Good drinks, great service.I've been here a few times and each time has been worst than the last. The menu is lackluster and the was... lets just say I've had way better. The ambiance and jazz music are great however they lack in service, food presentation and flavor. I'm pretty sure that was my last visit.This is my new favorite place in Philly. On top of the fabulous food, cocktails, mocktails and excellent service, I highly recommend getting tickets for a show. This is a real jazz venue.  And their event space has some of the best ambiance in the city. I have had two lovely visits here and I can't wait to go back!We thoroughly enjoyed South. 
You have three options for dining; regular restaurant, jazz lounge or Chef's table. We sat in the regular restaurant, as the jazz lounge was unavailable by the time we made our reservations. The whole place has a great vibe and a very cool aesthetic. The service was friendly. The food was really good. We had the cornbread appetizer and the Shrimp Deviled Eggs appetizers. My wife had the stuffed fish for dinner, while i had the Shrimp and Grits. Every was delicious and we filly intend on returning.Absolutely the worst restaurant I have ever experienced. Three of us had the steak and it was so tough that we left the whole piece on our plate. One would think that a server would notice. As we were guests we did not send anything back but had I been there solo I would have sent my entire meal back from appetizer to dessert. The others in the party had various entrees all of which were awful. To make matters worse we sat down at 6:00 pm and had not had dessert yet by nine. Consequently, the service was as awful as the food. I wish someone would have warned us. You should avoid this place at all cost and thank your lucky stars that you did. A complete waste of money and time. I had to eat when I got home.Elevated southern cooking, and welcoming atmosphere.  Despite some service issues due to the timing of our arrival, South satisfies as a North Broad diamond in the rough.
Not being a southern cuisine aficionado, I did not know what to expect when we first arrived.  The restaurant on the outside was unassuming but when you come inside, the white cupboards with windows that take up the walls on the perimeter evokes a sense of sitting a southern kitchen on a bright sunny day enjoying the hospitality of your hosts. Even though we were here for dinner the feeling of welcome was unmistakable and probably not unintentional.
There was a good selection of beer and cocktails and we ordered our drinks.  However our 4 beers and 1 cocktail took almost 20 minutes to get here and refills of said drinks took just as long if not longer.  This is why this places gets a 3 instead of a 4.  However we were coming to see a show at the newly minted MET down the street along with most of the dinning room I'd imagine since everyone left at the same time so it is understandable to an extent.  Pro Tip, avoid dinning here before seeing a show at the MET, you'll have a much better experience.
OK enough about the negatives.  How is the actual food.  My wife and I got some of their Deviled eggs and hot potato chips as well as the mussels for apps to share.  All of them were amazing witht he chips being my favorite.  for entrees, she got the fried chicken platter, and yes it was a platter, about a half chicken and I got the gumbo.  We also had some corn bread and collard greens.  I thought the fried chicken was not overly greasy, not an easy feat considering it is battered and deep fried, and it was nicely seasoned without over-salting unlike the colonel's:-)  However, for me the gumbo was fantastic, the mixture of real crab, scallops, and shrimp gave the gumbo a unique taste that I don't think I've ever had in a gumbo before.  Our dinner companion had the shrimp and gritz, which she thought was competent but not like her grandma use to make:-)  The only issue I had was that I wish there was more of my gumbo and it was spicier.  I asked for some hot sauce, but I think they just brought me Texas Pete, a home made smoky hot sauce would have kicked it up the proverbial notch.
Overall, I had a fantastic meal and was very full (after I helped my wife eat some more of her chicken), and satisfied with the experience.  I did not get a chance to check out their live music space, which was playing in the room on the side, I will definitely be back to check them out when its not before a major event at the MET.  If you haven't been to North Broad lately, you have not been to North Broad.  Give this place a try you won't be sorry.Food is good! Service is excellent.  Wine is great.  And music is fantastic! 
Love the set up where you can dine and drink in the lounge/bar area, which is really comfortable.
Can't say enough good things.  Love this place.What a cool, much needed addition to Philly. The food was incredible and cocktails amazing. Pair that up along with the unique experience the Jazz lounge brings and we were sold. Will definitely be finding plenty of excuses to come back here again and again.First off I'd like to say that I don't leave reviews often but I had such a great time at South I felt it was my duty to share my experience. The restaurant itself I has a beautiful aesthetic and there's such a wonderful atmosphere that is just absolutely infectious! Great vibes everywhere. My fiancé and I had a reservation at the jazz lounge and that night Warren Wolf played- exceptional artist! Totally worth the $15 tickets for the live show. For our appetizers we ordered the shrimp deviled eggs and oysters, both amazing! For our main course, I had the beef short rib ( do not sleep on it)! It's literally amazingly delicious. I enjoyed every bite. My fiancé ordered the Shrimp Grits, which he also enjoyed. Also their drinks are grreeaaatt! We left on cloud nine. I can't remember the last time I've had such a great time at a restaurant.
Lastly, people who have a gluten allergy, it's safe to come here. They have a few GF options. Definitely will be coming back.Amazing! A group of 7 of us went yesterday to listen to their Tuesday Open Jazz. We were extremely pleased with everything...the food, drinks, the atmosphere, the customer service, the music. The restuarant is beautiful. Special shout out to Harry and Rian, Thank you we had a wonderful time and are all looking forward to visiting again!!Went here for cocktails and dessert. Had the bourbon pecan pie. Was delicious and recommend stopping in for some. Cocktails were good but a little on the pricey side. Atmosphere is interesting with a southern shandy decor, but attire on the classier side. Very old time southern blues feel. Will consider coming back soon for dinner and live jazz show soon!Attentive waitstaff; awesome food; fabulous show (Arpeggio Jazz Ensemble).  A truly memorable evening.  Recommend valet parking offered by other restaurants in vicinity.Food options were minimal, but the ambience is pretty cool and that's why it gets a 3/5. I'm also a vegetarian so my view might be bias, just not a lot on their menu for us.Went here for my graduation party and really enjoyed the food. We had a large group and made reservations way ahead of time and still found ourselves waiting for about 2 hours for a table. They were very accommodating and allowed us to wait in the jazz room. offered us even to eat in there, but we would have to be separated.
Things happen and I guess that is why I am not too disappointed in the service. The food was really good and everyone was pleased with the service after being seated. I would also like to think the manager who came out to check on me when I had to walk away from the table to get away from my family.Best meal in a long time, something for everyone.  Husband couldn't stop raving about the oysters and the wreck fish.  Pimento Cheese with pickled veggies and the hush puppies were very good too.  Try a bourbon cocktail with your dinner, delish!Ate here while in town for work based on a recommendation. It was phenomenal from start to finish. Friendly and attentive staff, creative menu, amazing food. A 'must-have' are the hush puppies with cream cheese butter. Best hush puppies I've ever had and I live in the south. Will definitely return on my next trip.The service was pretty slow this night and the food was subpar. I didn't understand the hype besides the decor and ofcourse the live music.This is a really cool restaurant, very unique to Philadelphia. The happy hour deals are really good, and ambience in the restaurant is nice. They have jazz concerts fairly regularly, but I believe they have a cost. The service was a bit slow the night that we came, but the food was incredible. It's hard to find good southern food up north. I recommend coming here.Went here for Philly restaurant week. Didn't want each course to end. Delicious. I recommend the crab toast, chicken (comes with perfectly cooked veggies and mashed potatos), and pecan pie (I don't normally like pecans but it was perfect). Service and atmosphere were great too.Was in Philadelphia for a week with my partner. We greatly enjoyed this place. The live music, the service, the ambiance and the food were all spectacular. This place is a find!Nice spot. Weekend trip from New York to Philadelphia. We asked front desk receptionist at the hotel for a spot to go to for the night. And she recommended this place. We took our son with us. I can't remember if it was a Saturday night or a Sunday night. But we arrived with no reservations. We thought e weren't going to be seated but promised us a seat. Chile, we got the best seat in the house. Food was litt. I forgot what I had. The music was great. Our first time experience this. Will definitely do this in New York.This place is cozy, intimate, warm, and welcoming. Definitely a gem in this neighborhood. The service was amazing, the food was fresh and flavorful, and the variety was excellent ! 
Started with the pimento cheese and pickled board. I expected this to be a little strange but it was pleasantly surprising. The cheese was accompanied by this delicious bread-cracker thing (also awesome). The octopus was grilled to perfection. That cornbread was everything! 
Because I had over indulged early on I opted for the Dungeness crab and turkey andouille sausage gumbo the cheese grits, and the smoked turkey turnip greens. My two favorites -- the gumbo and the grits. Other interesting fact is that they don't have any pork products, they display and use all their pickled veggies, and everyone is all hands on deck when it comes to service. You didn't wait for anything!
They left no details unturned. Example, the bathroom was rustic and southern and the patio is ready for spring with the smells of floral goodness. 
Can't wait to get back!I've been here twice for happy hour and once for dinner. I really like the atmosphere of this place and want to come back for a jazz night. The food is pricy so don't expect anything cheap, but the portions are okay, they aren't exceptionally small. My boyfriend had an oyster po boy at happy hour the other day and I'm sad to say he threw up at 4 am the next morning. The drink prices are good during happy hour, but very disappointed that that happened.Love the atmosphere!!! The Jazz is on point. I would have given them a 5 if I didn't find foil in my short rib  get the macaroni and cheese! So worth itI have to update my review, which I've never done before.  My last review was A+ but my second time here was a disappointment.  We came for Father's Day, a special occasion because I had such a great experience my first time, but after leaving I felt bad I brought my dad here because it was so subpar.
They had a fixed menu which I knew going in there, but they were not offering anything else.  I thought the pre-fixed menu would be optional, not mandatory.  They didn't offer anything else on the menu.  That is crazy to me!  We all ended up getting the salmon which was SO undercooked along with the brussels.  The food was plain terrible.  
I'm bummed out because I was hoping to frequent this spot regularly, but I don't think I'll  be back.I want to rank South higher based on my first visit but after my second and third time...two stars is all it deserves. The service is terrible, the managers are extremely rude and condescending. We had a large party for a SURPRISE party and I had been in touch with the manager prior to the event. She assured me that we would be seated by a certain time so that when the guest of honor arrived we could surprise him as he approached the table. Of course, this did not happen. The entire party was stuck waiting in the bar area for 45 minutes--ruining the surprise. From there the night only got worse. We were seated in the jazz parlour after I specifically asked to be seated in the main dining room. We then were required to pay an additional $10 per person; something that was not made clear until the bill came. All in all, despite fairly decent food--the interactions with the staff were so terrible I don't think anyone in our party of 12 will be returning.This is my second time trying out South and both times I wasn't impressed with the food..
My servers were great but when I think of Southern food, I think flavor. I'm sure some enjoyed the food more than I but it's just doesn't have me craving for my next visit. 
I can't recall what I had the first time it was when they first opened. This time I went with the Blue Crab Ravigote and rib special as recommended by my waitress. The Ravigote was alright but the crab felt like it got lost and I was chewing on bread with avocados and not in a good way. The ribs were warmed up and tasted a bit on the burnt side. I'm not much of a sauce guy when it comes to BBQ I think the seasonings show bring out the flavor vs masking it with sauce, but I thought the sauce good. Just not good enough to mask the burnt taste. Blackeye Peas were alright but nothing special that I couldn't get from a can in the supermarket. The cornbread was good too. 
I'm highly disappointed like Route 6 before it there was something missing the food vs the price, I just expected more in the way flavor.My boyfriend and I were in Philadelphia this past weekend.  One of the stops we super excited to make was here, at South, for dinner.  We had brunch here about a year ago, and we remember enjoying the food and the ambiance so much that we wanted to come back.  Unfortunately, this visit just didn't live up to what we expected.
It started out well.  We made a 7:30pm reservation, and we didn't have to wait long for our table to be ready.  Our server was Maurice.  He was prompt in taking our order, and was quick to serve water, cocktails, appetizers, and entrees.
For dessert, we ordered a strawberry shortcake.  He placed a dessert with two spoons in front of us.  We each take a bite, and notice it's an apple dessert.  We bring it to his attention after which he curses under his breath, apologizes for the mistake, and takes it back.  He comes back with our dessert order, explaining he gave us another table's dessert order.  
Afterwards, we ask for the check. My boyfriend places the credit card in the pocket of the check holder, and gives it back to the server.  I have no idea what happened between the walk from our table to where the check is taken care of, but the server LOST MY CREDIT CARD.  
He comes back to the table a several (3) times asking my boyfriend if he's sure he placed the credit card in the check holder.  Of course, he did...this is not the first time we've paid for a bill.  We, then, see him searching the floor, the open kitchen area, the bar area, etc.  
He finally asks for assistance from other employees to start searching as well including the hostess, the manager, etc.  I see the manager check under the seats and the table about 5 feet from my table...he didn't even come over to speak to us.  He came over earlier in the night for 5 seconds to ask if we were okay, but this real issue comes about, and he can't take another 5 seconds to speak to us?  
I swear we had to have been waiting for at least 30 minutes while they looked for our credit card.  It seemed so long, I felt like they were going to make us wait until closing.  
Anyway...I supposed the card mysteriously walked away because they could not find it.  
Another female employee comes up to explain that this is the second time this happened in a couple years.  She says that we wouldn't have to "worry about the bill right now"...that if they found my card, they could take care of it at that time.  She, then, proceeds to say that Maurice never saw the credit card in the check holder.  Was she trying to insinuate that we never put a card in the check holder?  RIDICULOUS.  
Maybe try hiring staff that can competently and efficiently run a credit card.  I have worked as a waitress, and it's common sense that when customers are ready to pay, it means they are ready to leave.  How long does it take to run a card?  Not even 2 minutes.  We could have avoided all of this trouble with just a swipe of a card. 
My boyfriend and I are both professionals...we are also avid restaurant goers...I think we know how to properly handle taking care of a bill that was only $104.  
Way to take responsibility for your mistake, and way to offend your customers.  
I don't even remember the food because the nightmare at the end of my meal overshadowed the whole experience.South, where have you been all my life? Oh, right, in some ways you've been here since I was born. That's because my family hails from South Carolina, and walking into this place was like walking through my grandmother's backyard, with tree boughs and Spanish moss and cotton bolls. I was almost afraid my grandma would appear and call out, "Pick up the sticks in the yard so the man can cut the grass!" But instead, I started my morning off at the bar with some of the best boozy coffee I've ever had (my grandmother would NOT approve). Upon meeting up with friends, we stuffed ourselves like we were at a good ole' Southern family reunion, without the drama. Instead, we listened to a lovely, live jazz performance as we leisurely enjoyed what felt like a five-star, yet unpretentious meal, and sipped more coffee and mimosas. It was an experience, really. Sorta like visiting the Simmons homestead, except more upscale, and I didn't have to listen to the old folks argue....The absolute BEST Jazz bar I've been to in the city. The location is beautiful and has the perfect atmosphere. It's EXACTLY what you'd want for a fun evening with jazz, cocktails and comfort food! It's presents even better at night! It has that incredibly warm inviting feel and cozy atmosphere. As if the location itself and the particular live act that was on the stage this evening wasn't enough - the food was also PHENOMENAL. My boyfriend had the wood grilled chicken breast with roasted sweet lemon, spring peas & carrots and leek-farro pilaf and I had the barbecue beef short ribs with creamed collard greens and rosemary Yukon roasted potatoes. While the meat itself was cooked perfectly and nearly falling apart as it melt in your mouth, those collard greens were hands down the best I've ever had!!
Honestly make the visit to this establishment!! You won't find anything like it around. Step inside, unwind and enjoy!Went there Wednesday night (10/5/16) for the first time for anniversary dinner with my husband. Place was recommended to us by a friend after I told her we wanted some good food and live music. We found both at South!
Jazz band led by trumpeter whose name ended in Hendricks played that night and was extremely enjoyable. Is told my husband I felt like I was in Mo Betta Blues! We both enjoyed the complimentary cheese biscuits that were delish to begin our evening. Then my husband enjoyed some little Parmesan bites which were so good and the short rib pot roast accompanied by cheesy grits and greens.
I ordered the cornmeal dusted salmon, which at first sight, I was disappointed because it appeared to be a piece of over-fried fish on my plate....but I was SO wrong! Once I gently broke through the  thin crispy crust, I put in my mouth the most balanced combination of light crispness and savory moist salmon I'd ever had! It melted in my mouth! As an app, I also had the feta kale toast....wonderful!
The atmosphere was amazing, the decor was modern, organic (lots of plants and canning jars), and industrial-chic. Loved it!
Bathroom stalls nice and roomy, although the stall doors are a little too big because I had to wedge myself almost beside the toilet to open the door to exit the stall. But nice restroom accommodations nonetheless.
All in all, very enjoyable experience! So much so that we plan to go back there in a few week for my birthday, Lord willing.I had a great experience....I can't say this enough. I am a southern girl (from Florida) and this reminded me of home...
The ambiance was great. As soon as I walked in I was greeted and walked to my table towards the back where the live jazz band was set up (I had made reservations for the live jazz band) The food was great. I had the cornbread and cream cheese honey butter to start, followed by the mac and cheese terrine, then the candied yams, stewed turkey green beans, and the buttermilk fried chicken. The service was outstanding. All of the South staff was very attentive, my drinks were refilled as soon as they were low and the plates were taken away as each course was completed. My date and I decided to come to the restaurant the day following The Valentines Day. I would definitely patron (and recommend) the SOUTH again.This place is just so damn nice...I really enjoyed my recent first-time visit to the Jazz parlor.  The menu is excellent, and covers all types of appetites, vegetarians and carnivores alike.  Service too was top-notch. Philly doesn't have many places like this, and I couldn't be happier to see that South is doing well.  It's been one of the few places that has helped draw more energy onto North Broad Street, and I'll expect this trend to continue with the Divine Lorraine opening soon.  Will definitely return.Let me start by saying that all the food was very good, but that was over shadowed by the extremely poor service we received before being seated. Since there seemed to be an extremely large group in the bar area my party who arrived before I did were seated down by the chef's table for their cocktails. once I arrived it took several minutes for the server to even acknowledge that there was even an additional person there. When he did eventually notice it took several more minutes for him to come and take my drink order and correct the wrong drink that a member of my party received. shortly after the replacement drink and a drink for another member of my party arrives but not mine. Then 10 minutes no drink, 15 minutes still no drink. I'm starting to fume at this point and the person whom I assume is the manager keeps walking by but not making eye contact. Appetizers which were ordered before I arrived have not arrived either. Said manager stops by to ask if the replacement cocktail was correct still no mention of my cocktail. The server was asked 3 time where my cocktail was and all he said it was coming (I ordered the punch which the menu states it's on draft) at this point I am ready to leave but since we are there for a monthly dinner date with friends that is not an option. my drink eventually comes delivered by said manager after a member of my party having a conversation him and we are ready to be seated for dinner as our appetizers arrive and the manager tells me the next one is on him( that was a relaxing cocktail before dinner shot to hell). we get out table and proceed to carry our appetizers to our table( yes I said that WE carried the appetizers to the table not a server, not the hostess, not the manager). the service during dinner was better but you have to think was this because we complained to the manager about the earlier issues. it is sad that because of bad customer service I was not able to enjoy my evening.This is a stunning restaurant--one of the most beautiful interior spaces in the city. We were completely awestruck as we walked through the energetic dining area. The staff and service are excellent, and the menu exciting and different each week. The food made my eyes widen with each bite--I highly recommend the special gumbo-of-the-week, the shrimp and grits (with N. O. L. A. sauce), and wreckfish. I'm so pleased that there is such a fine restaurant in the Fairmount neighborhood--we will be frequent patrons for sure.Incredible ambiance, decor, food & live music! Plan to go back for my birthday!!! Warm & cozy inside. They also have a long bench table for large parties set up within a garden area. Check it out!!We were in town on vacation and found South on Yelp and I'm so glad we did. It was open mic night and they had a stellar band hosting and a parade of extremely talented folks come up to join them. The music was absolutely top rate and the piano player who acted as the emcee was very charming. It was also fun that the crowd was really listening to the music and was supportive of the performers. Just a tremendous vibe all the way around...performers, clientele, servers.
The food was great and we especially loved the cornbread. Drinks were a little slow coming out but we were in no hurry. 
Yelp listed this as "dressy" attire but don't let that throw you. Very diverse crowd in all respects. Some were obviously on dates and were dressed up but there were others who weren't.Excellent decor, Great food & amazing service. A most go of your in the Philadelphia areaAlong with my crazy and well fed family, I came to South for a pre Philadelphia Marathon race dinner. This might seem risky, some may think. Heavy, buttery southern style food the day before you're planning on torturing yourself into running that many miles? Well yes, it is a practice in conservative eating, however not all of us were running and when I bring my family into town I need to take good care of them when it comes to the eating. 
We were so pleasantly surprised from the moment we walked in. I love the large open space which is somehow both dimly lit and bright. The walls are made up of glass doored cabinets that line the entire main room, filled with liquor bottles behind the bar, and extending into the kitchen holding colorful and delicious house pickles (everything from green beans to entire ears of corn to watermelon), and then some decorative pottery on the far wall. I have to be honest, I'm not sure how much they changed this space between the transformation from Route 6 to South, but that wouldn't be a bad thing-it's beautiful. The Jazz space is through a back door and I could pleasantly hear music wafting into the dining room. I will be back for the Jazz alone.
The meal was fantastic, though I have to say appetizers far and away beat out entrees. We had the crab avocado toast, fried oysters, pickled trout and pimento cheese. These were all incredibly flavorful and were gone way too fast. For entrees, the crispy Georgia trout, mushroom papradelle and of course the shrimp and grits made appearances. I was a fan of the pasta dish, though I admittedly would want to order the shrimp and grits next time.
There was a bourbon milk punch that was on the bottle aged cocktail list that my SIL got. Well this thing sounds kind of weird, I agree, but holy goodness that thing tasted like the best egg nog I've ever drank, but better. It was smooth and creamy and really should be on the boozy dessert menu. All other cocktails were on point, and they have a pretty decent tap list including two firkins while I was there. 
This place really hit it out of the park for me and my family and I can't wait to return, sit in the back, listen to Jazz and get drunk on southern food and bourbon punch.The atmosphere, service, drinks & food were all spectacular!! Can't wait to go back!!I can't believe I lived in Philly for a full 2 years before discovering this place. I love jazz music, and prior to finding South, I'd only heard of one or two jazz bars, so I was thrilled to find that there was a third, pretty unique venue not too far from where I live.
South is chic. It's not what you think of when you think of a jazz parlor: dark, dimly lit, maybe halfway underground. South is pristine and rustically decorated, classy without being pretentious. We came on a rainy weekend for a sold-out show in the jazz parlor, and the experience was great.
The food was wonderful. The mains were delicious, but it was the sides that stood out the most, mainly the cheddar potato dumplings and the hush puppies with honey butter. Both sound like pretty commonplace food items, but trust me, South makes them exceptional. Both are actually on the happy hour menu as well (which has great prices), so I'm looking forward to going during happy hour and eating them again. Service was also attentive, and everyone was really nice.
The jazz show was fantastic, and my friend from out of town really enjoyed herself, as did the boyfriend. I would say if you are going to a jazz parlor show, do try to get there early. The room is long and narrow, so if you are seated in the back and it's a crowded show (as ours was), it can be a little difficult to see over everyone else's heads. Shows vary from being $5 to $50, so you can definitely find something within your budget if you want to see some great live jazz and don't want to pay a fortune!
Definitely will return to this place.My first time at South was one of the best evenings out I've ever had. The music was amazing, service was great, atmosphere was awesome, drinks were well made, and the food was impeccable. Nothing could have been better. I've been recommending this place nonstop since I went and can't wait to go back.South has set the bar high for future jazz and music venues in Philly!
My husband and I consider ourselves "unofficial" members of South jazz parlor and for good reason. We have been here separately and together at least 20+ times since it opened. 
The entertainment and food are top notch. The atmosphere, location and all around ambiance of this place makes it our #1 go to spot for our date nights. Many of the top names in Jazz have played here, and many local favorites as well.
South restaurant and jazz parlor oozes class, with a touch of southern charm and attentive staff. Together and sometimes individually depending on our schedules, we have been here more than 20 times since their debut and each time has been great. 
The jazz parlor is small, intimate and no seat is really bad but if you want the better seats up close especially if it's a sold out show, I suggest getting there an hour before the show starts. 
There is a bar as you enter the restaurant which makes for a nice place to unwind with a drink before the show. 
We've many many meals here and one of my favorites is the collard greens and braised short ribs. The ribs are amazing! But their menu does change from time to time, so be aware of that. 
Don't expect a large menu like you find at chain restaurants, but what they offer is just enough to satisfy the pickiest eater, with a good selection of appetizers, entrees, side dishes and desserts. There's even a bar menu!  Salt and Pepper is not an option at the table, and rightfully so! The food is cooked with special seasons, spices, and cooked to perfection.  Why ruin it?
Are there some flaws? Yes, but what good place doesn't have a few things that could use a bit of tweaking here and there. The only pet peeve I really truly have with this place, are reserved seating, especially if the artist performing is very popular. We have tried several times to get a reserved table but it never happened. It seems the guests who are VIP ticket holders, but it can be almost impossible to get a seat in the first 2 rows; 
One night in particular one of my husbands favorite musicians was there and although he arrived 90 minutes before show time, he was unable to reserve us a table. He was so disappointed that night, but nevertheless, it will not stop us from returning.
We are looking forward to many more date nights at South and what a great addition it is to our city.I love everything about this place ! The food and atmosphere is amazing ! The Mac n cheese and cornbread are my favorite dishesHad a night out with my lovely daughter. We were greeted warmly, seated immediately and served graciously. The food was delicious and the jazz amazing. I've wanted to stop by for a while--well worth the 1 and 1/2 hour drive.mood for some great drinks, delectable food and amazing jazz music? because i'm always in the mood. this place is wonderful.
i love coming here on a nice night, eating some blue crab toast, $5 nashville chicken sliders (which are so spicy in the best way) and their homemade chips with a nice glass of whiskey sitting outside having some good conversation. once you get tired of talking, head inside to their earthy decorated building with some wonderful jazz music.
this is such a cute date night place and i love coming here! definitely recommend to others; not the best for a big group unless you all promise to be on your best behavior, it's tad on the classy side :)