out of ten -- ten being best
food: 7.8
lighting: 10
noise: 10
environment: 8.5
staff: 9Went in for the soft opening and we walked away very impressed.  Try the koreancini and the wings - both stand to be this place's signature dishes.  The sake punch was a fun take on sangria.  Fair beer menu and plenty of spirits to choose from.  Dessert was their play on strawberry shortcake that satisfied.  We'll be here often.Love the ambiance and the food was delicious! I have never had Korean food before and this was a terrific introduction! The Koreancini (fried rice and corn balls) were crisp and sweet and salted to perfection. The Kale Salad was big but not overwhelming and the dressing is perfection. We also got the stone pot bibimbap with tofu. The tofu was expertly cooked and the entire dolsat was flavorful but not too spicy. The relish on the BBQ tofu tacos was pickled heaven. 
The white and red sangria were both excellent as well. My friend doesn't even like white sangria and she loved mine. There were also beers, wine, and cocktails that we still have yet to try!
Cannot wait to return!Came here for brunch with family and friends and we really enjoyed our meals. I had the chicken and waffles and it was decent. Looks like I missed out and should have order the burger instead because that tasted awesome. Cool atmosphere and nice service. Definitely will return to try their dinner menu!I had been wanting to try this place for a while, ever since I passed by it one day. Fast forward to Sunday, we were looking for a quick place to grab brunch and I suggested we try Southgate. We were able to find street parking nearby for free . When we got inside we were immediately seated and were able to identify several menu items that looked really yummy  the prices were all pretty decent (a meal and a mimosa will run you about $20). When the food came out everything tasted great (the fries are AMAZING). And last but certainly not least, our server Dan was super attentive and helpful. Overall it's a nice option for a casual weekend brunch if you're not trying to do a boozy brunch but still want a little booze.I came here with a friend after it was named the Best Burger from Best of Philly. We both had the Bulgogi burger with fries, and while it was pretty great, I wouldn't say it was the best I've had in Philly (that would be a tie between Kensington Quarters, P'unk Burger, and Good Dog Bar). The service and ambiance were lovely, and I would definitely return.I really enjoyed the bibimbap (got the one with tofu), it came in a hot bowl. There is outside seating which is nice but I would probably sit inside the next time.This place.  
The service was good - BUT the food-
Ordered all kinds of menu items. 
Kimchee , small plate, salmon crudo, buns , chicken karage , fried rice 
As I was digging thru my plate for nourishment , looking for anything flavourful -i felt eyes burning on the back of my neck.  It was the cook looking like a dog groomer peaking thru the kitchen "window"-----noticing our lackluster expressions.  
Over view 
- Kim cheeee was old AF
- Buns oversteamed
- Chicken karage over cooked "chicken fried chicken jerky"
- No water options : just sink water 
- Basic.  
We paid before we got the rice- yelling as we ran out- 
Keep the rice.The drinks were good, not amazing but good. The Korean fried chicken was flavorful and extra crunchy which I enjoyed. BUT the pork belly udon noodles were seriously awful. I am not at all a picky eater and will pretty much eat anything, but I could barely get any of it down. I felt queasy the rest of the night just thinking about them. Probably won't be back.An awesome addition to the neighborhood. Love the seating outside .. but more importantly, love the bibimbap (especially in the stone bowl). I've been a few times now, and I just can't bring myself to order anything else!Loved this place! I came here for a senior dinner. While the menu is pretty small, I love how it's so focused on Korean fusion food. I ordered the salmon bibimbap with my rice on the side. I thought the flavors balanced perfectly. Compared to other bibimbaps I've had in the past, the one I had at Southgate wasn't too heavy on the sauce. The ingredients were also seasoned just right, so that the main star of the dish was the actual salmon. While I don't drink, I was also extremely impressed by their drink specials. Would definitely reconsider this place if I'm in the mood for awesome food in a cozy environment.I enjoyed my bibimbop but the beef was a little on the tough side. I love the way the sizzling pot crisps the rice at the bottom :-P 
My octopus appetizer was awesome - and a huge portion.I took a friend to this Korean spot because she was curious about Korean food.  Bimbimbop was inedible, fried chicken with panko was not a real chicken filet, but akin to chicken McNuggets, or mystery meat.  The wings were just OK.  This was an awful meal, and I think my friend will likely skip the Korean food for a long time to come.I love this place beyond belief! It has the most flavorful food is the whole city!!! Which means the best food in the world in that Philadephia in my mind is this culinary capitol of the world!!! I was absolutely impressed. They were so attentive too it was my birthday. I had the most wonderful time. I would give this place 100 stars!!! Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! I can't wait to go back;)I used to be a denizen of the Old Tangier, so I wanted to see what became of the local neighborhood haunt.  The interior is wonderful.  So sleek and clean.  That being said, with all of the hard surfaces, it is hard to hear yourself think when the place is busy, let alone have a conversation at the table.  They are still developing the menu, so I wasn't able to see the full range of offerings they have.  I had the salad with the sushi tuna and rice.  It was a wonderful combination of tuna, daikon, fennel, pickled ginger and rice.  I found the chili sauce a bit too hot for my personal taste, but would not fault the restaurant for that.  Servers were anxious to please.  The biggest downer was the noise level.  When I mentioned it to our waiter he said that sometimes it's more relaxed and quiet (like when nobody is there?).  Some sound-absorbing materials would help to quiet the place down.  I don't want to have to yell across a tiny talbe for dinner or yell at the waitstaff to order.  I will see what the full menu and the atmosphere are like once they fully open.We went there yesterday.  The KFC was good but the spicy version was not spicy enough.  The chicken was crispy.  I think Soho has better KFC.
We tried the best of Philly's bulgogi burger,  it was nice and juicy but again needed more of that Korean flavor profile to come out with the kochuchang sauce or Kim chi on it to add some crunch to the burger.  The fries were weak and tasted like they were dehydrated and very dry on the outside.
I would say the Butcher and Singer's burger  and Village Whiskey burgers are better.
The shrimp dumplings were excellent and had a nice miso glaze sauce to dip into on the plate.
The service was excellent since we went early but would go again.
Southgate,  please don't hold back on the Korean flavor profiles which make Korean food so delicious to eat to accommodate the Rittenhouse area.The KFC wings were very good- super crunchy and sticky sweet and hot. Great addition to the neighborhood.The new chef has made an awesome menu and flavor even better! I didn't think it was possible but I was proved wrong. I always love coming home to Southgate.Mom always says if you don't have anything nice to say don't say it. I loved the great waitstaff and the drinks were yummy - hence the five stars. But check the menu before you visit. It is not like other Korean or Korean inspired restaurants I've experienced in the Philadelphia, NYC  and  Baltimore area. In my experience, the side dishes (Banchan) accompany the bibimbap and other main courses and aren't usually a la carte.  There are usually several accompanying little delicious dishes plus kimchee with most entree choices. This is not like those restaurants and the prices and the a la carte sides were a surprise. I recommend going there to enjoy the drinks and wonderful  service the waitstaff provides. But in the Center City area, I recommend going to Washington Avenue, 10th Street, or Chinatown for a less expensive and more authentic Korean (U.S) dining experience. 
My friend loved the burger option which was well seasoned, spicy and flavorful. He loves spicy food and was happy with his choice. Our waiter, the hostess, the bartender as well as the cooking staff were lovely, friendly and anticipated all of our needs.The menu is smaller than it appears. I felt like I almost had to order the wings and the bibimbap. 
And I did. And it was great. 
But for some reason, not many venture far from those items. Or that's what it seems like, judging by the items coming out of the kitchen and the prior reviews. 
I would go if you are in the area, and if you have a need for twice fried wings and bibimbap in a stone pot.I came here with my friend after shopping in the Rittenhouse area. We got the Korean Fried Chicken, Tacos, and Burger. The tacos were the best, the burger next, and the Korean Fried Chicken was good but not amazing. I don't have much comments on the tacos and burger other than that they were good, tender meat, and very flavorful. I loved the gochujang-ketchup sauce given for the fries (included side to the burger). For the Korean Fried Chicken we tried both the spicy and soy; I love spicy food but think the soy had slightly more depth of flavor. We agreed that we actually slightly prefer the trashiness of BonChon Korean Fried Chicken (and their spicy wings are spicier!), so if you're a big fan of BonChon, I'm not certain you'd enjoy the KFC they have here--but try for yourself and see!
In the future, I think we would order just the Tacos and Burger between us, which would be a very reasonable price and leave us feeling comfortably full. Overall a really nice experience, appealing interior and attentive service, and I plan to return :)Decor is classy and trendy. Staff is attentive and kind. Can't skip items on the small plate menu are the Korean fried chicken and the shrimp and pork dumplings. You will crave the fried chicken for weeks. The bibimbap rice bowls are flavorful and the portion size is generous. Haven't tried any of their large plates yet but I'm sure they are just as excellent!I enjoyed my dinner at Southgate, but definitely felt like they skimped on the Korean flavor. Tried the KFC wings (both flavors), they had a delicious crunch but definitely not spicy. Same with the spicy fries. You can see they dusted it with something but the taste does not translate. The dolsot bibimbap was ok. Nothing particularly great to justify the $17 price tag. Service from the kitchen was very slow, long wait after our wings. The waiter and bartender were both great. And we enjoyed our cocktails, which were well crafted and delicious.Amazing food and good value for what you pay for. Very decent amount of food, I have leftovers for both of my two visits here. The dolsot bibimbap is really good. Perfect ambience for conversations, it's not too loud and the music is on point. Definitely will come back to try more dishes!~Came here last Friday around 8ish with one other friend --we were both excited that finally a Korean place opened up in downtown Philly again. Food/drink selection wasn't as expected. Where's the pajeon and ddeokbokki?? No makgeolli either and the soju is muddled in a fancy cocktail priced at $12 (with that price I could buy 3 bottles of plain soju a few blocks down at Wine and Spirits!) I guess I was hoping too much that it would be a like Hongdae bar. The location of the bar should have been a dead give away that it would be catering to a different crowd and taste. Actually it's my fault for not reading articles regarding this place beforehand--they did say it was going to offer "Korean inspired flavors". Oh, so you are one of those places that add kimchi to food and call it Korean.
I'd probably come back for the wings and sweet potato fritters on a late Sunday night when it's not so noisy. Defintely not going to have the bulgogi burger or spicy pulled pork sandwich again because they were just ehhh. Our bill was about $100 for two people.....geesus we could've gotten 4 large orders of chicken from BonChon or Soho *smacks forehead*........I went to Southgate for dinner after hearing from friends to try them out.  It's kinda cramped space and the stairs to the bathroom is pretty steep.  Not a huge issue, really, unless you are handicapped.  
I had the bulgogi burger for my dinner.  The burger was good, the fries on the other hand were soft and tasted like they were undercooked and from an oven.  I'll probably go back for the fried chicken, but the lame fries does make the experience a little bad.I have rated this 3 stars, but if Yelped allowed it, I would probably rate it 3.5 stars.
Came here on a random Saturday at around 6pm, there was no wait and we were seated right away, however, about 30 minutes later there was a slight wait. Seating was a little tight, but that's probably due to the fact that it's a pretty small space. They also have seating outside but it was pretty warm that day.
Onto the food, we ordered the coconut and cardamom infused soju, the  "KFC" wings, fried rice, the poke bowl (can't remember the name), the bibimbop, and the matcha fruit tart.
I liked all the food, it was freshly made, however, it didn't wow me. The Soju tasted more like cardamom than coconut but it was pretty strong. The wings were good, but I think I'm one of those rare people who are not impressed with Korean fried chicken wings (don't hurt me, I like buffalo wings). My favorite part of the meal was the fried rice it had sausage, kimchi and all that good umami flavor. The poke bowl was just ok, the flavor was good, but it had very little fish. And my dinner partner had the bibimbop which I did not try but he enjoyed it. The matcha fruit tart was quite good and a nice detour from the usual fruit tarts.
I would definitely return, but it's not a place that I crave.In terms of service the place was great, but the food was just meh. The wings weren't great, it  wasn't on the level of Soho's chicken or even bonchon a chain. The lamb buns were OK, I was really disappointed in the burger. I guess when it comes to a burger I'm more a purist. To me this burger was more like seared meatloaf with a Korean flare. I just wasn't a fanMaybe it's because I am a frequent diner of Korean cuisine, but all this place seemed like to me was overpriced Korean fusion food in a "hip" setting. Honestly, if you don't eat Korean food EVER then this place will be AMAZING to you. The place is clean and sleek, the chicken wings are bomb, and bibimbap is not an item that is easily accessible in center city. But if you are like me and regularly eat Korean food, $2 per wing, $3 for fermented cabbage that usually comes free, and ~$15 for a bowl of rice and veggies in a stone bowl are just not worth it.
On the plus side, at least this place is helping Korean food become more mainstream.I only knew about Southgate from a video about their brunch menu and how they make delicious korean fusion dishes. Typically I'm hesitant when trying korean fusion dishes as I often feel like the flavors aren't handled properly when trying to americanize or change traditional korean foods (or maybe I'm just a korean food snob? or both??) but I must say... I loved my experience at Southgate this past weekend! 
I started brunch off with their kimchi blood mary, which was spicy! I was actually very happy with the spice level but also how they use kimchi to elevate the bloody mary. I didn't think it was too overwhelming which was what I was embracing for. I enjoyed the spicy house-made soju shot that it was paired with as well. It was like a nice little cool down break from the kimchi Bloody Mary :)
My friends and I decided to do tapas style for brunch so we could taste as many things as possible. Best idea ever! We started with the kimchi deviled eggs which were tasty. Again, I am pleased that they were able to subtly infused the kimchi within the dish, which wasn't overwhelming or overbearing by any means. But it also wasn't just adding kimchi on top of a traditional deviled egg. I believe they blended the kimchi and some sesame oil in the egg mixture which really just made the mixture smooth with a hint of sweet and spicy. They had four pieces so it's easy to share.
For our entrees, we ordered the kimchi poutine, short rib and korean fried chicken (KFC) and green tea waffles. It is hard for me to choose one clear favorite, mostly because I thoroughly enjoyed each dish. The kimchi poutine was delicious and I loved that the fries and cheese on the stone bowl continued to cook and get crispy even at our table. They don't have any gravy on this dish (like traditional poutine), but it works out very well. Very easy to share. The KFC and green tea waffles were a huge surprise to me. I wasn't expecting to enjoy the waffles that much, mostly because I wasn't too sure about green tea waffles... but it was very good! And paired with super crispy KFC was like icing on the cake. I wish the chicken was spicy though, that would have definitely put it over the top for me and been a favorite. Lastly, the short rib dish was good though it doesn't stick out as much as the other two. My friends really enjoyed the short rib itself, but I was under the impression it was suppose to be like galbi so that let me down a bit--still good but just not what I had been expecting. The short rib was placed in a huge bowl with rice, two eggs and jalapeños. The nice surprise was the sweet soy sauce at the bottom of the bowl, where the rice was soaking it up--it really brought the dish together.
Overall, Southgate is a wonderful place to experiment with Korean fusion dishes. One of my friends had never had korean food before and really enjoyed our dining experience here. I like that they offer a variety of things outside what you'd expect. I will most definitely come back here for brunch the next time I'm in Center City! Especially for the spicy kimchi Bloody Mary :)Great little spot, tasty happy hour menu, good tunes, nice beer list...enjoy! We stopped by for a Friday happy hour and it was pretty quiet. If you're looking for a place to catch ur breath after a long week this space t should do the trick.Fantastic! Sorry glad we were able to find a table right away! They made me a vegetarian bowl which was flavorful ! The drinks were delicious as well.Went for the soft opening at a time that eventually will be their happy hour. It wasn't up and running yet, but I assume that now that they have "hard opened?" that the happy hour is in full swing. We sat at the bar and I tasted most of the cocktails between what I ordered and what my ladies were having. Overall the cocktails were good, but I did feel like they were a little heavy on the ice since we went through them quicker than usual, but maybe we were just VERY thirsty. The bartender was lovely and attentive and happy to sell us more slightly overpriced drinks.
We tried the Korean fried chicken wings, which were delicious and way overshadowed the potato fritter/dumpling thing we also got. The vibe is clean and modern, but also dark and intimate. They fit seating in practically every square inch of the place, which is probably a good thing, since it was pretty crowded even at the soft opening. I LOVED the wallpaper in the bathrooms. The whole renovation is a far cry from old Tangier, but I have to say I do miss the headless camel in the window. I'll get over it I guess...and I'll be back for more Korean fried chicken wings.Great time! I loved eating the Asian fusion dinner. I had the hot pot, which is their most popular dish. I enjoyed it a lot and took home leftovers! You have to mix it (Which the staff will echo) since it comes as a layered sort of dish. We sat outside and were comfortable and our waiter came to check on us. There wasn't much outdoor lighting, which I was surprised about, so we're glad we didn't come later. The food came hot (obviously) and was a delicious traditional meal! Also, the bathrooms were pretty clean too. Unisex single-stall bathrooms. I will be coming back!Regardless of what Craig LaBrian writes this is a excellent, fun restuarant with great imaginative food and a welcoming staff, and not noticeably noisy.  Definitely go and order the fried which is plenty spicy.  We might see you there as we will be back.Delicious food and drinks and cozy atmosphere. Our party of 2 came around 8:00 on a Friday night and were seated at the bar right away. Steamed buns were amazing, flavorful and the meat melted away as soon as I took a bite. The bibimbap was also delicious.The food here is pretty good. It is not quite 5 stars worthy, but everything is high quality and fresh and flavored well. The chicken wings and the dolsot bibimbap bowl were both delicious. It is a smaller place and has a very nice ambience. It seems like a great date spot. Prices are reasonable for what you get. I would definitely return here for some more Korean fusionNot authentic Korean. I ordered the Hwe Dup Bap - Sashimi yesterday and it was a bit basic. The fish was not plentiful but tasted ok. Unfortunately my stomach started convulsing after 10-15 minutes of eating this. It got really messy and I passed out on the bathroom floor in cold sweat for an hour. This happened only one other time for Philly restaurants and that place (Pho-ladelphia) was closed for sanitary reasons. Not saying this place wasn't fresh but just sayin'... mighty Fishy! Two stars instead of one since I'm giving Southgate the benefit of the doubt but I have no doubt in my mind I suffered food poisoning.One of my favorite spots in the city! I think I've tried everything on the menu.
Definitely get the Korean Fried Chicken! Other favorites are the kale salad, BBQ beef tacos, fish and chips, bulgogi burger, and the chicken katsu. While you're there, make sure you grab a shot of soju and a pour of pumpking beer!Came for brunch at this place! I was not disappointed. The food here is an amazing Korean fusion so be prepared for that. The restaurant itself is nestled on a street corner and has about 15 tables on the inside. They do take reservations so be sure to put one in if you want to get a table. The waiter was very nice and since it was a Jordan fusion restaurant he was able to explain and walk us through the menu. For my meal I went the Asian burger. The burger was great and it came with a spicey ketchup which was really good. My friends got the bibimbop which I was so jealous that I did not get. If you come here you must get the bibimbop! The food was cooked perfectly and the beef was juicy and spicey! Oh also be sure to get a few pitchers of sangria with your meal. The sangria was great and fruity!Awesome fried chicken wings, great burger and really tasty bibimbap (with tofu). I give the food 4.5 stars but bumped the rating to 5 stars due to service.Quite good bibimbop dolsot. Maybe could be a little spicier. Liked the portion sizes. I've been twice - it gets really busy at peak times so visit during non peak timesFood was ok- fritters were VERY bland. Really no reason to be charging $12 for a cocktail in this setting. It's trying to be too many things. Service was cordialGet the Korean fried chicken, spicy. Done.
Okay, I'll also say that the bibimbap in the stone bowl is great. Good flavor and crisped rice: spot on! And the revamping of the shrimp-and-pork dumplings works well (my first experience with them underwhelmed, but the second had a better sauce pairing).
Sorry to say, I was disappointed by the bulgogi burger, which I tried for the first time the day SouthGate won Best Burger 2016, expecting to be blown away. It was practically raw in the middle, and though the flavor was good, it was subdued and didn't have the wow factor expected because of the title!
Love the feel of the space. First visit was early evening on a Friday: had great service and nice timing with the kitchen. Second visit was late evening on a Wednesday, and the kitchen was dragging. Not sure why the difference.
Will definitely return for the fried chicken and if someone else orders it, I'll give a second taste to the burger.we are very excited to have this restaurant on our block. 100% better than Tangier and a good option over La Baia on the other end of Lombard. i have enjoyed their food a lot and have seen some significant improvements from our first visit a moth or so ago. Our only issue is with their reservation / seating process. Twice we have made reservations and when we arrived we were only offered the table near the door even though many other tables were open. Last Saturday night same thing. We wanted a table away fro the door as it was chilly outside. We were told the other 4 top was reserved for a party of 6. No worries. So we eat dinner and the other table sat empty. Not until we were paying the bill did they seat a  table of 4 at that table. Not a 6 top...a 4 top.... So when the owners are peering out the window on a cold January night wondering where all there business is, I will be across Lombard Street peering out my window thinking how great it would be to have dinner at SouthGate...except I won't go because I know I will get the freezing table by the door. Please don't piss of the neighbors...I would come back here, yeah. Our server was kind and personable, and I loved sitting outside on 18th street. The food was good, and there are happy hour specials to enjoy from 5-6:30. 
I would come back here, yeah, but I wouldn't order the hot stone bi bim bap (rice, veggies, a few strips of beef, $17) or a draft beer (10 oz of Grapefruit Sculpin IPA, $7) because I felt seriously ripped off. After tax and tip, that's $31 for BI BIM BAP AND A 10 OZ IPA.
Oof.I'm a huge fan of Southgate! This Korean fusion gastropub expertly mixes traditional Korean flavors in accessible American mediums. After going3 for happy hour, drinks, and dinner multiple times I decided to have my birthday here. The staff made it a wonderful night. Lisa and Juan at the bar are among the friendliest not to mention skilled bartenders out there whose signature drinks (especially the hot toddy) are delicious and beautifully presented. Our waitress, Lyndsie was very attentive and made us feel at home. 
While the drinks here are phenomenal, the real treat is the food. No trip to Southgate is complete without indulging in the Korean Fried Chicken, the double fried, crispy perfection topped off with either a soy garlic (my favorite) or spicy gochujang sauce. The chicken katsu is another favorite of mine. This tender, breaded chicken is topped with a Korean bbq type sauce served with a side of rice and a little cabbage salad. I love this dish for the variety of flavor and the portion is huge!
I tried the bibimbap for the first time during my birthday dinner, choosing the hot stone pot option which I highly recommend!  While the presentation of this dish is marvelous, its encouraged that you mix it up before eating. The contents of your bowl continue to cook while you eat and the rice gets nice and crispy. The beef served with this dish was tender and flavorful and the spicy sauce was a perfect way to top it all off.
Overall I recommend Southgate very highly. This is a great place to grab some drinks, snacks or a full meal. My mouth is watering just writing this.The wings are excellent!
The prices will kill you.
The wings are very Bonchon-esque and worth every penny, but other things on the menu are way overpriced for South St. They're charging Rittenhouse prices for upscale bar food. Like the tofu tacos - tofu and some mayonnaise for $12? The drinks are good, but they're nearly Franklin Mortgage prices for small, above average cocktails. 
Definitely worth a try, but two apps and three drinks set us back almost $75 with tip, so it's just not a place we can really frequent. Definitely stop by for the wings though.We were so excited to try Southgate, and I'm glad we finally did! I'll admit I was a bit hesitant because I was very sad to see Tangier go. However, I had heard great things about Southgate so I decided to give it a whirl. We got the KFC wings as a starter, a mix of both flavors, and loved them! Highly recommended. As a main dish I had the burger - just voted Best of Philly - and while it wasn't the best I've ever had, it was pretty awesome. They have a good drink list, prices are relatively cheap and the service was good.I came here with misguided expectations, and that's not the restaurant's fault - everyone in here was happy and having a great time. The service was warm, kind, and attentive. I should have known when I walked in to The Black Keys and an extensive cocktail list I wasn't going to get the kind of food I wanted, and that's on me. Lol. But, sharing in case you're a Korean food fan!
Korean is my favorite cuisine to go out and eat. I've yet to find any Korean food here in Philly that compares to the yummy little Korean spots in Cherry Hill. I was hoping Southgate would be my new sorta-pricey-but-worth-it Korean spot!
I was disappointed to see no nengmyun, soon dubu, kimchi jigae, etc - just japchae and basic dolsots. 
I ordered japchae, my fella had a dolsot. For my pallette, it was by far the worst japchae I've ever had - the mushroom sauce was overpoweringly strong, the beef was little hunks of steak instead of shredded stew meat, there was so much oil in it I could hardly eat it. You can't go wrong with a dolsot of course and my partner enjoyed his meal. Their kimchi didn't rank for me, either.I came to SouthGate with my wife for restaurant week.  We were happy to see the restaurant was very busy and the menu looked very good with a wide variety of chicken, beef, and vegetarian dishes.  I also appreciated the large variety of local craft beers.  
The food was simply not very good.  We tried the fried pork dumplings and both had the chicken katsu.  The dumplings were a bit bland and the chicken was dry and stringy.  
The server was running but had a lot of tables.  There are a lot of options in the area and they were busy so maybe we caught them on a bad night."Southgate is a neighborhood gastropub elevating food and drink in our own unique way. Heavily influenced by both modern food culture and our Korean roots, we feature craft beer, wine, an impressive spirits list, and food that takes a creative direction through traditional Korean to classic American." Since reading that description over a year ago and bookmarking Southgate and also reading a ROTD by Nando F., I finally and much too long over due dined at Southgate.
The restaurant is located on the corer of 18th and Lombard and has both seating inside and outside. We chose to inside as it was only 6:00 PM and still warm outside. The inside is modern, cool and pleasant. It is a very comfortable space.
My dining companion on this night, who is also daughter, and myself ordered with three small plates. KFC - Korean Fried Chicken, Short Rib Steamed Buns and Pan Roasted Octopus. The steamed buns were the first to appear and these were soft and fresh and had some heat. They were much different then the Chinese style ones we were used to and came with a spicy dipping sauce. The octopus was very tender and had great flavors. It came with a Kimchi style sauce and baby corn. The KFC was excellent. The chicken was crispy, moist and flavorful and we preferred the spicy Gochujang sauce over the soy garlic.
Southgate also has a decent beer list on tap and in bottles. We were fairly full with the three small plates and we passed on dessert. I am looking forward to returning to Southgate to try Korean Steak Tacos and the Bulgogi burger. I really liked the concept and I hope that Southgate will continue to do well.Over the moon! This is not only one of the best meals I've had in Philadelphia in the last year, but it's become my favorite restaurant to bring guests to. The new menu is inspired and brings new meaning to Korean fusion. I live over 20 minutes away and I still make the trek as often as possible.Excellent korean fusion gastropub. KFC was on point. Bibimbap was really good as well as their kimchi burger. Inside is pretty chic but casual.I really wanted to like this place, but ended up walking a bit disappointed. Seating didn't take very long depending on when you arrive but the portions were slightly small for the hefty price. 
I grabbed the KFC which was $12 for 6. The chicken was very crunchy and more importantly, the chicken was juicy. Additionally, the sauce was sweet and not overpowering. Also grabbed a Dolsot Bibimbap (Hot Stone Pot) which was very well presented. There were a lot of vegetables and the dish stayed hot but my biggest complaint was that there was barely any flavor in the beef or from the gochujang, which was very disappointing. We also got a bulgogi burger to split. It was defiantly a interesting dish as a fusion dish. Maybe I'm more used to bulgogi with rice, but it was definitely a unique taste with how sweet the bulgogi burger was. 
The place wasn't too loud and had a TV which had a game on. There is a nice outdoor seating area for the spring/summer. Overall, it was a pleasant experience. The service was good and the food was more often good. I'll be returning to try some of their other menu items.Review for drinks only. Decent beer list and attentive bartender. Need to come back and try the burger I am told it is amazing. Beware though, the stairs down to the restrooms are super steep.Not bad, but ultimately, this place veers toward watered down Korean than interesting Korean fusion.
The Koreancini and dumplings were off the mark in terms of marrying western and Korean flavors -- I don't get what's so "Korean" about a corn-filled arancini with tomato sauce and the eggplant puree does not add to the dumplings. You can certainly get better Korean fried chicken. The Korean pickle in the bulgogi burger was a nice touch, but overall not mind blowing. Finished the meal with the misugaru cake with lemon cream and persimmon...and apparently the people here do not know what a ripe persimmon tastes like.
The highlight here was definitely the cocktail -- the P&P is a great rye whiskey drink that balances the bite and the sweet well. 
If you have risk-averse diners, then this place would probably be a nice introduction to Korean flavors in a posh setting. But if you're a Korean food veteran, then look elsewhere to satisfy your cravings.I am really happy about this addition to our neighborhood - Southgate has a cute, intimate feel with a unique menu. I came here on a Friday night with my boyfriends and was able to sit outside without a wait. To drink, I had the white sangria; a bit too sweet for my taste but good nonetheless. I probably wouldn't get it again because it wasn't cheap ($9). For an appetizer, we ordered the dumplings, which were delicious! The beef on the inside was so flavorful, I could have eaten 50 of them. There are five dumplings, so you can split them with another person as a small appetizer. For an entree, my boyfriend ordered the pulled pork sandwich. He wasn't crazy about the sandwich but we both loved his spicy fries. Very interesting addition. I got the bibimbap with beef. I loved it! My only qualm was that it came out cold. I asked for it to be heated up and they were happy to oblige, but it still came out lukewarm after that. I might try it in the stone pot next time. Otherwise, it was really flavorful with just a little kick which I loved. The service was also really good - our waitress was very attentive, friendly, and polite. I will say it is a little pricey, but not any more so than comparable restaurants in the area. Overall, I really enjoyed this place and will definitely be coming back!Great brunch place. A lot of Rittenhouse places are overrated but I like this restaurant a lot. It's kid friendly, has an interesting menu that appeals to different palates, and they have a legit full bar. They have fun beer options and their cocktails are strong. 
Every time I've been, the staff has been really nice. 
As for the food: everything I've tried has been really good. The green tea waffle with the Korean fried chicken are delish. Bibimbap is my go-to. The Korean tacos and the bulgogi burger are also fantastic. If you're a little more adventurous: try the kimchi poutine. It actually works!
Can't wait to go back.Visited philly from NYC to get away from the hot August city and eat some new things, wander in some new neighborhoods.  Southgate was on the list for a Saturday night dinner and drinks date for two of us and did not disappoint. The menu is curated and thoughtful - dishes range from accessible to more adventurous and all are delicious.  Wish we had a neighborhood place like this near us back home.
Appetizers:
Koreancini - fried rice balls with sweet corn and a fresh roasted tomato dipping sauce
The special pork buns with honey dipping sauce - soft pillowy buns and slow roasted pork with honey dipping sauce on the side (so filling!)
Chicken wings - sweet, salty, covered in sauce and messy gooey deliciousness (huge portion!)
Entrees:
Tuna hwe dup bap - I had never had this before and it was refreshing, light and a delightful mix of crunchy light vegetable flavored, fresh tuna, sesame oil, rice and a bit of spicy sauce. Yum.
Bulgogi burger - whoa. Rich, buttery bun and perfectly toasted bread, umami salty sweet marinated patty, cucumber pickles and a huge heap of fries. Wow. 
Dessert:
The little flour shortcakes with fresh cream and fresh strawberries and blueberries. We were so stuffed by this point but took this down as well.
Drinks:
We had an amazing local vanilla ale (so refreshing), a beautiful porter, the old boy cocktail (yum!! spirit forward but still tempered by citrus), the p&p, and the Korumbian which had a lovely anise flavor and was not too sweet.
Waters were always filled, service was attentive but not too much so and really really nice, atmosphere was hoppin on a Saturday night but not was not a pretentious crowd. Was a great neighborhood spot and perfectly chill vibe. Plus the chef was owning the kitchen with the open kitchen thing going on - always awesome to see.
Obviously by the end of the night, we had to slowly ROLL out of there we were so full. 
Can't wait to go back!Really yummy food!  I thought the small plates were the highlight-- the fried chicken (super crispy and both the soy and the hot sauces were tasty), the pork belly wrap, fried octopus.  
The banchan were all delicious and had really authentic flavors, which I was impressed with, since it is Korean fusion and Korean fusion restaurants often water down the Korean-ness too much.  Everyone enjoyed, and 3/4 of us there were Korean, so that says a lotNice spot first time here since they became SOUTHGATE cute small place for girls night or even a date loved their rice bowl but sampan is much better lolI haven't tried much Korean food, so I went a little conservative for my brunch choice and got the katsu burger....it was honestly the BEST burger I've ever had. I usually don't even like onions on my burger but all the flavors balanced each other so well I left them on. The Kimchi Bloody Mary was also different but delicious-with a sidecar of Korean rice liquor (Soju?) to enhance the spiciness to your liking. I'm so excited to come back here to try their dinner.I can't ding them for their clientele, even though there seem to be an awful lot of loud and insipid people packed inside...it's like a slightly improved version of the "Founding Fathers" crowd, which is a slightly improved version of the "Howl at the Moon" crowd, which is a slightly improved version of tree sloths, perhaps.
But back to the food, which is what matters. The place is reasonably priced and the food is great--Korean comfort food. It's not good for you, but if you want that, go to a real Korean place and get something full of veggies. 
At Southgate, get the quintuply fried wings (KFC) that are truly terrific in Korean hot sauce (gochujang). Pass on the pork belly buns--they are ok but nothing to Yelp© about. The autumn salad was very nice, too.
Korean tacos look like they're going to be a problem with the meat smothered in what appears to be a cream sauce of some sort, but actually the sauce is quite light and the tacos are terrific. For me the star was the Bulgogi burger, which I'm still thinking of weeks later... Not the right cuisine descriptor, but it's the most "umami" thing you'll ever eat. Spiced like bulgogi with the real deal trimmings and a great soft bun. Really fantastic and highly recommended. 
Go here and don't look back and enjoy. A fun and inventive restaurant with great food and service--enough that you can ignore everyone else and have a good and unhealthy meal with a friend.After two check ins, Yelp is asking me, what keeps you coming back? 
My answer: THE WINGS! 
Honestly, I think they're the best wings I've had in Philly, so crunchy on the outside and so juicy on the inside. They're somewhat pricey ($12 for 7 wings) but the wings are huge and meaty, so I usually only need 4-5 wings paired with some beer for a full meal. I loved both their flavors, but I'm slightly partial towards the soy garlic. Other items on the menu include a variety of Asian fusion dishes, but they seemed mediocre at best in my opinion. However, the service is excellent and meticulous (they gave us little wet wipes because the wings can be messy on the fingers) and the ambiance is upbeat and modern. Also, I tried one of their specialty cocktails, which was delicious, and I'd love to try more of them! As such, I'd definitely come back regularly for the wings and the drinks. 
And so, yes Yelp - "Yay! I'm a fan"I and two other guests ate at Southgate on Sunday, 1/7/18.  When we arrived at the restaurant at 6 p.m. for our reservation, I asked for a table as far away from the table as possible, as it was bitterly cold outside.  There was only one other table of four in the restaurant at the time.  The hostess said that she had set up the table closest to the door for us (which only involved pushing two tables together), and even though the restaurant was otherwise empty excepting the one table, she insisted that we could take the table closest to the door or sit at the common table in the back.  So we sat at the common table.  We were there for a couple of hours and many of the other tables were empty much of the time we were there.  I give the hostess a HUGE thumbs down!  However, I must say that this was our second time eating at Southgate and we were otherwise very happy with both the food and the service.  The food was delicious and the waiter was pleasant and attentive.  I would just suggest some customer service training for the hostess to improve the overall experience.My girlfriend and I stopped by for dinner during a soft-open on a Saturday, and it was delicious.  The atmosphere is fun with great decor and quick service.  It did seem quite loud inside, but nothing too crazy.  
The food is delicious, and they have everything from bibimbop to a Korean burger.  We tried the bibimbop and their BBQ tacos, and both were very tasty.  The prices seemed a bit disproportionate between the two, and we were hoping the tacos might come with a side dish like fries or something - but both were delicious, so this wasn't too big of an issue.  They have a solid draught beer list at pretty standard Center City prices, and their cocktail list looks good.  
Of course it's still too early to come to any firm reviews of Southgate, so I'll definitely modify my review once they've officially opened - as this will almost certainly become one of our go-to places for great food and interesting drinks.I am glad we finally got around to going here. We started with the octopus app, which was absolutely phenomenal. I got the monkfish entree- was sweet and spicy. i tend to be a picky eater in terms of being really concerned about eating clean and heathy.  i left there with a full stomach, but still felt light and good. the food was flavorful without being heavy and there were some great menu options for health nuts. service was friendly and efficient.We came to this place looking for some nice sizzling bibimbap. Ordered the korean fried chicken in both, spicy and garlic, tofu bibimbap and lamb buns. Everything was amazing. The bibimbap came in a sizzling plate and had an array of flavors. I was scrapping the stone bowl for stuck bits in the end. Korean fried chicken, per my mother in law, were the best chicken wings she had during her stay. Spicy ones were much better than garlic. Lamb buns were like bao buns but were equally delicious.
Drinks were great. We ordered a pitcher of sangria which was perfect in the July heat. Our server was very attentive and got us soju tasters when we weren't sure what to order. I will definitely come back.I love this place. I usually get the beef dolsot bibimbap, and enough of the appetizers so that I have to roll out the door.  The octopus, in its current iteration is especially good. Check out the skirt steak- it's excellent and has real deal korean flavors.  Yes, it's fusion, and not 100% korean, but it's fusion done well, and it's getting better every time I go back, which according to yelp is 15 times as of today.Was on my way to Pub and Kitchen without much of a plan when I happened to stop in for the Sunday night happy hour. Overall - solid beer options and tasty food. To start I had the Korean Fried Chicken as and addition to my meal which was a nice option at just three pieces. The wings were big, meaty and juicy with a good crisp. I thought the spicy sauce was also well done. Followed up the wings with the bulgogi burger - very tasty and well seasoned, my medium rare came out somewhat undercooked but hey better under than over right? Definitely a solid choice if you're in the area.I've been to Southgate multiple times now, and this is the lowdown: 
* Cocktails are interesting, bartender (Lisa) is VERY knowledgeable
* Happy hour prices are great ($6 house wines)
* Atmosphere is both minimalistic and cozy
* Menu just changed to include more foods that aren't deep fried (thank the lord!) - I haven't tried any of the new dishes, but both the snapper and pork dishes sound amazing!
* Large plates/entrees hover under $18-20, very reasonable
[* I wasn't a huge fan of the bibimbap, needed more flavor - when I took it home sriracha helped, but that doesn't say much for the dish.]
But really the ONLY THING you need to know is: 
* The KFC (Korean Fried Chicken) are the best wings in the city. They are crave-able. We have dreamt about them, they are that good - perfect combination of shatteringly crisp skin & sticky, sweet, spicy sauce (both options are good) & moist chicken. Yum. I want them NOW. 
Prices are VERY reasonable: two glasses of wine and a plate of wings (we took 3 home) during happy hour ran us $24 last week!Wanted to love the place really. But the menu is very limited and the offerings, while totally edible,  just a little off the mark. A little heavy-handed on the sauces and salt.  I'm going to give it another try and hoping it will be better.Hip corner spot perfect for sitting outside and enjoying some grub on a cool, not too breezy night. The service was great and though the menu is a bit pricey, the food is very solid. Especially with the rice bowls, they have a great balance of super fresh ingredients, which make them colorful and vibrant. 
I chose the sizzling one, the dolsot bibimbap, and it was plenty filling. I haven't had Korean food at many places so I don't really have too many comparisons, but I very much enjoyed it. I do wish it came with some more sauce just to bring it all together a bit more, and also because I enjoyed the sauce so much, but other than that, I can't really complain.OH MY GOODNESS!  This place is FANTASTIC!  The restaurant is small and cozy but trendy all at the same time.  Even though the space is small, it isn't overly crowded, so you feel like you have space, even if at a small table.
I came with a friend and we wanted to try a bunch of things, so we narrowed it down to 4 items and shared.  
We had the Korean Fried Chicken in Spicy Sauce.  These were awesome!  Perfectly juicy, crispy and the perfect amount of flavor and spice! he wings are pretty large too.  Make sure you order these when you come here!!
We also had the beet salad (a nice light item considering everything else was much heavier)
I LOVE beets, and these were so yummy!  I loved that all of the various aspects of this dish added so much flavor and dimension to the beets!  My friend couldn't have the bacon that came with it (she doesn't eat pork) and they were really awesome about putting it on the side so we could both enjoy the dish!
Bimbimbap-  We went with the Dolsot Bimbimbap option and OH MY!  SO YUMMY!!!!!!  This was so perfect because it was cold and rainy the night we came here and this HIT THE SPOT!  Utter perfection.  We got it with tofu and our server recommended the sizzling option because the rice gets crispy and the texture melds really nicely with the other veggies, he was so right!!!  I am so happy we went with his recommendation! As Natalie K. said in her review, (she is the friend I was with) we were told that the crunch of the rice you get with this dish is incomparable, and it is so true.  It tied the whole thing together.  I could not get enough!!! I am honestly salivating just thinking about it.  I also look forward to trying the other styles, but I would absolutely get this again!
Bulgogi Burger -After being told that this was voted the best burger in Philly, we had o try it.  SO Good! it is definitely one of the best burgers I have had in the city.  each item on this burger (marinated beef, green leaf lettuce, scallion salad, ssamjang mayo, homemade pickles, sesame bun), truly complimented each other for the perfect Korean style burger experience.
There are more items on this menu that I am itching to try, I will update as soon as I can get back here and eat my way through the menu again!  We wanted dessert, but were so full, we couldn't do it, so...I guess we are heading back soon for more! 
Service was fantastic!  Our server was super helpful, enthusiastic, and friendly.  
Make sure you come here if you are in the are/have the chance to check it out. I cannot wait to come back! I can certainly say that I have found a new favorite place to go in Philly!Best service in town. These folks go out of their way to be hospitable and it's genuine. Wish the menu had a few more options, but what they do, they do well (although I wouldn't recommend the octopus rice bowl - undercooked and no veggies). Can't wait to try brunch and the house made scotch bonnet soju Bloody Mary.Great place. Make sure if you get bibimbap, you get the dolcat (sizzling stone bowl).We went here for dinner on Saturday night and I can't stop thinking about the bibimbap! It was amazing! I got the tofu bibimbap in the stone bowl - so delicious!Sat outside with my date and we brought his dogs!  It was delicious.  I really liked the cocktails (we tried 4 and shared) and the pork buns.  The hot pot and hwe du bap were also delicious.Where the old Tangier was not successful, southgate delivers with its relaxed vibe in tight quarters. P&P cocktails were singular with its sour plumminess, i will crave this on a hot summer night. 
The small plates of KFC soy, beet salad, & daily banchan were taste-bud challenging, lip-smacking, & finger licking good!  the lamb dumplings, although not my favorite, had a shy sweetness - cinnamon?clove? cardamom?  i found the dipping sauce too salty & lacking depth. 
we made lots of good appreciative noises.  
a very fine ending to a dayFinally got to try my most anticipated summer opening of this year!!! Here's everything you need to know! 
Service: For me, I tend to value service a lot when I eat out especially because I can for the most part cook the food I like to eat, service makes the experience from great to amazing if done right.  At Southgate, the service was great.  The hostesses were very accommodating and helpful, as this was my first time eating there, they were very helpful explaining that they do take reservations, what their hours were so far, and when they planned to launch the full menu.  With a group of about 10 people, I knew we were going to be a bit of a hassle to seat, but they did an amazing job of having us feel welcome and even sat us at one table and then moved us to the chef's table after it had opened up.  The waiter, which we had actually recognized from elsewhere was super attentive and helpful as well, he seemed to have that balance of not being pushy when it came to ordering and moving service along to being completely absent when we needed to request things.  The other owner guy (having recognized him from the philly.com article) also gave us an extra dessert which was a nice surprise after apologizing for long wait times (which for us we didn't even have to wait that long!) and that attention to small details let's me know they care about their business
Drinks: I. Love. These. Drinks.  From the various cocktails I had gotten to sample from different friends there wasn't a single one I wouldn't order again for myself, and some of them had alcohols I didn't even like.
Food: For dinner I got to try the wings, koreancini balls, pulled pork sandwich and the shortcake dessert.  First off, the wings are probably the best I've had in philly so far, the only thing that would prohibit me from ordering more is the price.  The koreancini balls to me were probably the most disappointing thing I ordered all night.  We had ordered on plate to split amongst our table, and the ball that I ended up with came to me unseasoned and bland, it tasted like fried fluff and by the time I got to my plate, there was no dipping sauce left on my plate because I ate with savages and the late bird gets nothing at that table.  My pulled pork sandwich came and I thought it was great, my only mistake was probably letting it sit while I waited for the rest of my table to get their orders.  In that time I guess the juices of the pork and slaw soaked into the bottom of the bun a bit, making me wish that that bun was toasted on a flat top for a bit +/- a tiny bit of butter.  I also REALLY LOVED THE FRIES. I could eat buckets of that stuff.  My only wish was that it had some sauce to dip it in, because naturally fries are the perfect vessels for sauce delivery and it felt weird not having any.  So, we asked the server and he offered us some of the sriracha ketchup that came on other things, and it was AMAZING!  Ideally if there was a combo meal where I could get wings and a plate of fries and a beer for ~$12-15, I'd be back at least once a week if not more.  Finally the dessert was a very fresh and clean finish.  I don't particularly care for the super sweet desserts of this world, and this was the perfect balance for me where it was just sweet enough for me to want more.
Overall for a soft opening this was a strong showing.  Service is right where it should be and I'm sure most of the food kinks will be worked out over time.  And I can definitely see this place becoming a local watering hole soon!  I'll be back.We had dinner here recently and thoroughly enjoyed the meal and the service. We had the KFC appetizer with both sauces. Very tasty. The wings were super crispy and not at all greasy. The soy/garlic and spicy sauces were delicious. We both ordered clay pot rice dishes- one beef and one tofu, with a side of kimchi. The kitchen does not skimp on ingredients - these dishes were chock full of assorted vegetables, protein and fried egg on top. They came to the table sizzling. Washed them down with cold beers on tap- delicious meal on  a cold night.
We will be back.Have a real love hate relationship with this place. 
Love: the food is amazing - everything tastes fresh and delicious. The service - fast, helpful, and courteous. The happy hour - awesome, the city wide is one of the best in the city
The no like - maybe I'm bias because I've spent so much time in Koreatown in manhattan - but I miss the free Banchan with all the fixings.
Bibimbab - does anyone actually eat this stuff without the hot pot. Just serve the hot pot and save me the couple dollar surcharge. Also extra for the beef. A 12 dollar bowl turns into a 17 dollar bowl. Portions on the light side - hot pot is huge but barely even 3/4 full. Don't expect leftovers.
Overall I love this place but I would extra love it if I left with some leftovers.I have been to Southgate a few times, and each time have enjoyed delicious food and good service. The Korean Fried Chicken is really awesome, as well as the bibimbap. Always a really good meal here!We ate at Southgate last evening. It was a beautiful night and we were able to sit outside. I'm giving 4 stars because we only had 4 dishes and I'll wait on a 5-star review until we've tasted more.
To start, we ordered the mandoo (panfried beef dumplings) and the sweet potato fritters. Both were served piping hot and were delicious, crispy and accompanied by nice sauces that complemented the dishes. We split the beef bibimbap (a bowl of rice, vegetables and seared beef strips) which we paid extra to have delivered in a hot bowl. It arrived sizzlingly hot and stayed that way in the cool evening breeze for the entire time we took to eat it. The beef was flavorful and the dish was nicely balanced. The fried egg on top was a lovely touch.
We also split dessert, which was butterscotch pot de creme topped with chunks of English toffee. I make pot de creme at home often, and we have had many iterations at various restaurants, so we are familiar with what very good quality pot de creme is. This was one of the best we've ever had. The butterscotch custard was richly flavored, perfectly smooth, and pleasantly dense. The shards of English toffee on top were the absolute perfect complement to this delicious baked custard.
We left the restaurant completely satisfied, maybe a wee bit too full, but glad that we had eaten there. Oh, and grateful that we had to ride our bikes a mile or so home to work off at least a little of the meal.
3 draft beers, 2 appetizers, 1 entree, 1 dessert: $50 + tip
We will return to this restaurant.Went around 7 on a Saturday night. It was an hour wait to sit inside, so we ate at the bar. The bartender that waited on us (wish I could remember his name), was terrific and super friendly. The decor is simple, but really appealing.
We ordered the Korean fried chicken wings and the Koreancini to start. Both were amazing. The wings were crispy and really tasty (we went with the spicy version). The Koreancini was the real star -- warm, crisp, and delicious.
We also got the Korean BBQ Beef Tacos. They were good, but not great. For a "large plate," it was a pretty small dish. Only three small tacos. But the beef was cooked well and had a nice sauce on it. 
Overall, it was a great time.  Looking forward to returning!Their wings have to be my favorite in the whole city. The beef tacos and the bibimbap were also fantastic. The only downfall was the punch which was made with WAY too much selzter. It was a bummer paying for a pricey drink that not only didn't taste good, but had almost no alcohol. I'd recommend trying their other drinks instead.My wife and I have never left here disappointed. It's our favorite "go to"... Not only in the neighborhood but in the whole city. Great atmosphere, incredible food! Kimchi is delicious and the fried chicken and hot pot are always a hit.I'd give this place a 2.5 really (Why hasn't Yelp made this possible yet?!!).  The service was friendly and the drink list was nice.  However, the food was a bit underwhelming.  
We got the wings, dumplings, and aricini to start.  Then I got the tuna rice bowl, or hwe dup bap.  Nothing was terrible, but overall it wasn't memorable. I also thought the portion on the rice bowl was a bit small.  To be fair though, I eat a lot.  It was like the kind of food you could get at any small hole in the wall take out spot but with a heftier price tag.  No real culinary feat here.  
I did like the look of the place.  It's a cozy spot that looks good for the neighborhood.  Since I don't live in the neighborhood, I don't see myself back there anytime soon though.The food was delicious and people were nice. Although we had a reservation we could not get the table and had to wait for more than 45 minutes. But they offered some appetizers and drinks while we were waiting. Nice place, great ambience.Had a fantastic meal for two here.  We sat at the bar (best seats in the house!) and had awesome cocktails, split the short rib buns and the peppery, delicious japchae.  Everything was great, intimate ambiance, attentive and talented bartenders.  Still dreaming about that beef japchae!!The service was excellent.  However, the food was very mediocre.  Perhaps it is because I am an avid fan of Korean food, but this place did not do it for me.  Not from an authenticity perspective, I understand it is modern Korean or Korean fusion, but from a flavor perspective.  We got the KFC, steamed buns and beef tacos.  KFC wasn't bad.  Decent flavoring.  Steamed buns were pretty bad.  No flavor at all.  The honey dipping sauce was an interesting complement, but it didn't really enhance the lack of flavor in the bun.  And the beef taco was just an average taco.  Nothing exciting.  Overall, an average dining experience due to the food.Great happy hour! I had the KFC wings (spicy & soy garlic), fries, spicy pickles, and white sangria. Everything was great, especially the pickles, and service was friendly and attentive. It helped that a super cute puppy was at the next (outside) table. Would definitely return!A nice place to go with friends to drink and have food. The staff is very friendly and helpful. I love the soju mixed drinks- very tasty. I ordered the fried wings which were no where near bonchon level but still solid. The bibimbap was also solid not the absolutely best I've had. Definitely make reservations if you can as the restaurant isn't super large and gets crowded easily.Late night stop (10ish) - it was deserted on a sat night? I liked the food, and the specially cocktail (a version of a Caipirinha) was well made and strong.  Looks like a cool venue, but the lack of patrons made it less the desirous for a saturday night stop. I don't hang in the neighborhood much, so perhaps my timing was simply off. This could easily been a 4-star review if the social vibe was better.SouthGate is one of the few Korean Asian fusion spots in Philly but definitely a growing trend. Maybe it was because of the Restaurant week menu or their adjustment to American cuisines but there were parts that were definitely a hit or miss.
There was nothing to complain about with the decor and service, the place was happening on a Friday night. The food though is a hit or miss.
The Korean Fried Chicken we got both spicy and non-spicy. Those were probably the biggest KFC wings I've ever had and the taste wasn't bad but why is the crust on it so thick? It was like eating Kentucky fried chicken crust with Korean sauce. It was unfortunately because the chicken and sauce was pretty good.
Also the sides of kimchi and daikon, the daikon was too sweet and too largely cut, but everything was okay. 
I ordered the bulgogi burger, which the fries weren't any special and that gochujang sauce is bleh I had to order a side of ketchup. Gochujang unsweet as dipping is a terrible idea for fries! 
Anyway you may be think I hated the food at this point. On the contrary the bulgogi burger was actually really good! I can't help but wonder why nobody has ever thought of such a thing so props.
Lastly the matcha creme brûlée was the creme de la creme, it was absolutely amazing! I wish we could've just ate a larger bowl of that and a bibimbap and i would've been more than happy. Unfortunately It's a toss up of giving it another shot or not, maybe just one more bite of that matcha creme brulee!Craving Asian fusion, and after being disappointed that I couldn't get reservations at either Doubleknot and Sampan, I decided to give Southgate a try.  Initially, our party of six was going to be seated outside, but luckily someone canceled and we were able to sit inside. 
I would highly recommend going family style, so that everyone can try everything.  We ordered a large round of apps, and then people were pretty much too full for mains. 
Highlights include: Korean fried chicken (perfect ratio of breading to chicken); short rib ho-ppang (braised beef was delicious); Kimchi pajeon (great flavor.  The pork comes up top, so for vegetarians you can take it out or have it on the side); fried octopus. 
Probably wouldn't order the pork belly ssam (was expecting it to be braised, but instead it was fried) again, and while the yakult soju satisfied the yakult craving, I would have liked either more yakult or more soju (and less Sprite)All I want are Southgate KFC wings and beef tacos. If I am sad, they make me happy. If I'm happy, they make me overjoyed. I take houseguests here, which I think is high praise. I love the katsu sauce. I love the fries. I love the bar (the stools are short, so as a short girl, I don't feel like I'm on a highchair). I love that they have Nonino Amaro. But more than anything, I love the wings and tacos. I could never imagine saying those words because I find wings stupid and tacos are only eaten in the privacy of my own home. But here I am, craving wings and tacos. I don't usually recommend specific dishes because only you know what you like. But get a half and half order of the wings. Well, that settles it. Southgate for dinner tonight!!I will be the first to admit I don't know much about Korean food, but I'd like to think I know something about GOOD food, and this is it!
We waited a month to check South Gate out because, invariably, a brand new place has kinks to work out, so I'd rather wait until they are. With that in mind, if they had any kinks to begin with, they've been dealt with. From decor to ambiance to service to menu selection to quality of food and beauty in its plating, I think South Gate pretty much nailed it.
We arrived before any other diners, (because that's what you do when you have a baby with you!) and were seated with high chair and sippy cup of water for baby. The place is beautiful. Sleek yet inviting decor. Fresh flowers. 
Unusually for me, I wasn't super hungry but we wanted to try a bunch of things.
We wet our whistles with a few beers. I got a delicious and heady vanilla porter. I think my husband got a sour ale...Not sure, but we were both happy. These were big pours for the price. If you're one who likes to dine at the bar, this one is aesthetically pleasing and well stocked.
For apps, Koreancini rice balls and sweet potato fritters. Both fried, neither greasy, but instead light, crispy and delicious. The Koreancini was accompanied by a mild but flavorful roasted cherry tomato dipping sauce. The fritters were complemented by a tangy chili sauce. 
For entrees,my hubby got the wings (even though it's a starter, it is a LARGE portion), as they are always his favorite, and consequently, what he's most critical about. I asked how they were. "Great" he said, through a full mouth which loosely translates into, "These are really effing good." I didn't try them, but I would take his word for it.
We tried both the beef and tuna rice bowls. The tuna hwe dup bap was fresh, crispy, not too salty with just enough asian flair to compete with the best tuna tartare I've had.
 The beef bibimbap? Well, if I'm being truthful without reservation, this was the best dish of anything I've had in a long time. I could eat this every day for the rest of my life and want for nothing more. Honestly. I plan to return here at least once a week (ok, maybe just once a month) just for this dish. I didn't get the hot bowl because my long-armed baby may have burned herself. But the beautiful fried egg atop a mountain of fresh, lightly cooked vegetables and perfectly seasoned and tender beef, sticky rice, sauce....oh my god... The best.
At the end of that I can't believe I challenged my stomach to take in more, but I managed to scarf down half the shortcake dessert. Now, fruit in my dessert is not typically my thing, but this offered a fresh approach to an old standby. From what I understand, there was a ground powder popular in Korea worked into the cake batter. It lent a spicy and unusually pleasant flavor I've never tasted before. So if fruity desserts aren't your thing either, give this one a chance!
For those reviewers who complaining about price, I'm honestly confused. I paid only slightly less for lunch at Stella Pizzeria last week and was left hungry and disappointed. The prices at South Gate are more than appropriate: you are getting quality, portion size and finesse. Just because it's labelled "gastropub" doesn't mean you should expect to pay for average bar food. This is GOOD food. I've certainly paid much more in fancier restaurants and got far less.
With one meal, this has become my new fav.Great place. 1st time here after reading about it in the Philly Mag.  Food was delicious must haves are that sweet potato fritters, wings, burger and tacos. Nothing was too hot most had a great sweet/spice balance. Will go back and try the Korean sweet rolls. Staff was very nice and attentive, place has a great feel and a decent happy hour (7 days a week) the citywide special of a Sapparo and a shot of Soju can not be beat. Only downfall not open for lunch.  If you get the burger ask for a side of the spread to dip your fries in.  If you are in Rittenhouse or Grad Hospital check them out.I've been here twice and determined that it's only worth it for the fried chicken. The drinks are watered down and taste like juice and the bibimbap and the chicken katsu are totally forgettable. Indoor seating is so loud that you leave hoarse- sitting outside is a much more pleasant experience (though my chair was right next to the bussing station). Beyond this, we had a party of 5 and were charged a 20% gratuity automatically included in the bill which was calculated on top of tax. I'm all for tipping waiters, but it should be calculated on your meal not on state tax. 
So basically if you really can't find anywhere else to get fried chicken, go here and be prepared for mad food coma. Otherwise, I'd advise you checking out somewhere else.The KFC wings and Chicken Katsu are my faves! I have been there 5 times because I love it so much but never stop stuffing my face to write a review. Lol!
They are a block and a half away from my place and I love that fact. 
The drink menu is amazing! I may or may not have tried them all. :-)
P.S. TIP: It may say in the description that they don't do take away but I just made a take out order.After strategically planning my social calendar to check this place out, I was really glad to finally experience the greatness of southgate.
For an avid Korean cuisine fan, it's kind of pricey,  but given the quality and location, you are paying for a great experience.
The staff here is friendly and very professional - our waiter Dan, I believe, was on point.
My friends and I came 15 mins early to our 7:30 pm reservation - given the amount of people there, I highly recommend making a reservation. It is SUPER popular on a weekend.
They have a decent selection of drinks - my friends enjoyed their cocktails, particular the running nam (pun after the popular variety series the running man) which was delicious !
We had their pan seared octopus, which was creatively displayed as a single tentacle - I thought that was hysterical. It was soft and not overcooked which was good, but flavor wise I wasn't in love with it.
My favorite was the dolsot bibimbap with beef - definitely tasty and I asked for extra gochujang to spice it up more.
Everyone really enjoyed their KFC -  soy garlic and spicy gochujang. Personally I enjoyed the soy garlic in terms of flavor but I liked the kick of spicy gochujang. The skin was perfectly crispy!
The pork bossam was a tad charred for me. I liked the arrangement though, made me feel like I was eating kbbq.
Overall a good place to chill and definitely a mix of cultures. I think if you're open to trying new things but not too adventurous,  southgate is a good start.Staff was super helpful and patient with me and my date even though we had no idea what we wanted. They gave really good suggestions that ended up being totally delicious - the food and cocktails here are very, very good. We sat outside so I don't know what the inside of the restaurant is like, but I love that it's in a mostly residential area so you don't have to deal with center city sidewalk traffic. Beautiful area with trees and gorgeous old buildings. Nothing negative to say at all, we loved it.Great food, not so great service. My boyfriend and I got the hwe dup bap, octopus confit, and dukbokki, which were all surprisingly really good because as a Korean gal most asian fusion places underwhelm me. However the service was not anywhere on par with the food. After sitting down, our server took a really long time to even ask if we wanted any drinks. After finishing the hwe dup bap and octopus confit, I asked about the dukbokki since it seemed to be taking a while, to which our server said "wow I can't believe you guys ate all that that quickly" which was a bit of a weird response to a simple question. Overall I recommend this place if you're not in a rush, don't mind subpar service, and want quality Korean fusion food.I really wanted to like this place, but ended up walking away disappointed and hungry. The bf and I came here on a Thursday night for a double date at 7pm, and was seated immediately. Quick seating is always a plus! (Not even 5 minutes later the line was out the door, so arrive early). However, we were disappointed as soon as the drinks arrived. Tiny portions with not so tiny prices - be prepared to shell out some money to walk away full. 
Food/Drinks:
- Spicy Pulled Pork Sandwich ($13)
  The flavor of the pulled pork was just like any other, and the small portion size did not help. The only part of the meal that our entire group enjoyed were the gochugaru fries. Advertised as "house fries" that come with any sandwich, it came out as fries sprinkled with chili pepper and gochujang ketchup. 
- Korean BBQ Beef Tacos ($14)
  So. Small. As soon as the plate was set in front of me, I already knew it was going to be a ramen night after I got home. The three tiny tacos had pretty good flavor, but were so small and lacking in the filling. (Heads up for cilantro-haters; ask for them to take it out if you're cilantro-averse!)
- Korombian Sake Punch ($10)
  Tasted a little watered down, and was very small for the price. All of the delicious aspects of the drink that were advertised (honey, lemon, citron tea, Korean melon, pomegranate juice) were nowhere to be found.
Atmosphere:
- Quick seating if you arrive early
- Not too loud, which was surprising; you can definitely hear one another if you're with a small group
- There's outdoor seating, which is sure to be enticing on a nice summer night
- Our waitress was a little bit on the slower side and looked flustered most of the night, but it also was the first official opening night of the pub
Overall:
I think I'll give it one more try (maybe with the wings and koreancini), but my hopes for any good quality korean or korean-fusion food are certainly dashed for the Center City area.The food was pretty good, but the bibimbap is better at Giwa depending on your need for authenticity.  Our waiter informed us that Southgate has "toned down" their flavor for the general population.  Drinks are solid.  Don't ask for a side of kimchi! They charge you $3, give you 2 tablespoons and don't tell you in advance until you get the bill.*HAPPY HOUR REVIEW* 
I came here for Happy Hour and it was good. They have a wide variety of food available,  but their Happy Hour menu was fairly limited and standard. My friend and I got two beers, both sweet and savory chicken wings, and a plate of their bonchon (which we got kimchi). So here's the thing. The chicken wings were good, but were probably over breaded, but the sauces were perfect. The kimchi - was kimchi. Exactly as advertised, and exactly as expected. Personally, the happy hour is okay, but I suspect the dinner is much more inspired.  
The ambiance for this place is great though! A great place to catch up with your friend, bring a date, or have a nice classy dinner.This is my new favorite restaurant. The wings are uncommentable. Yea, I know that uncommentable is not a word. However, whatever I say will not give those wings the justice they deserve. Get in there and try them. Great bar and drinks. The service is excellent.My first time trying Southgate. It was really really good!!! Took me by surprise, I didn't even realize this was an Asian fusion restaurant. I thought it was another corner neighborhood pub. What a nice surprise! 
We had the druken whale sake, which was so delicious! Started with the buns, which were so fluffy and delicious. I like the sauce with it too. For dinner we had the Korean tacos and the ahi tuna salad. The ahi tuna was amazing! I felt like I was in Hawaii eating a fresh tuna poke bowl with avocado. Loved it! 
Service was also great. Our server helped us with a million questions we had about the menu. And he also offered some good suggestions. He even brought us a free sample of the unfiltered sake that we were pending to try! That unfiltered sake was also amazing! Reminded me of a boozy coconut juice, so good.  I wish the rest of the cocktails weren't so expensive, ($10 avg) because the choices looked really good and I would have tried more. 
Great food, great service. I'll definitely be back!The seating is a little close together and a drafty restaurant.  They close around 2/3pm in attempts to prep for dinner. DONT go close to closing time, my short rib pictured below was SOOOO dry! Also, really really salty.Nice twist on traditional Korean dishes  in a hipster gastropub milieu. Came here with a friend and a Sunday evening and the place was full by the time we left, which says a lot about how popular Southgate is. We got 3 Starters to to share - the octopus, Korean beef tacos, and the lettuce wrap with pork belly. Everything was perfectly portioned for small bites bursting with flavor.
Only 4 stars though as the grilled octopus only had 2 tentacles :-/ and the rest were potatoes...I was pretty excited to see a Korean small plates place open up outside of Chinatown/North Philly, but not sure what to expect. Southgate serves overall great dishes, though the prices reflect its location near Rittenhouse Square.
First off, the KFC wings had a super thick crust. It was actually difficult to bite through - maybe it was an off night? The flavor was pretty good, but not outstanding, and at $12/7pc, they were a bit pricey.The octopus was absolutely amazing. I'd go back just for that. For mains, I got the bulgogi burger - the beef was tender and perfectly marinated and the (housemade!) pickles were refreshingly tangy. The fries had a great spicy kick as well.
Their drink selection is solid - a decent beer list and interesting cocktails. We were a bit shocked that we spent $100 on what felt like a pretty simple meal, but then again, we managed to throw down $40 on drinks - they were that good.
Southgate is somewhat expensive for the subject matter, but the dishes were overall well-executed. It's a great, casual neighborhood restaurant with an interesting Korean-American fusion menu, and most importantly, we ended up having a really delicious meal and a fun time.Long overdue review. Sneaky good spot for brunch when the weather is nice. Breakfast kimchi poutine was intense but delicious. When we've gone in the past for dinner you can't really go wrong, but my favorites are the bonchon chicken wings (obviously) and dolsat bibimbap. 
The drinks are amazing as well. I always get the "old boy". It's like and old fashioned and a negroni had a baby. Last pro tip is the chef's table is great for large groups of 6-10.Tried the Korean Fried Chicken and beef Dolsot Bibimbap. Both were good - not great. Ambiance not bad either.We've been wanting to try this place! Nice people, nice ambience! Good food! Hubs did try the bugolgi burger said it was good but didn't remind him anything of bugolgi was good but just like a good burger lol!! We will come back to try different items for dinner!Came here for Sunday Brunch around 1pm after seeing a video online hyping up this place, weather was nice, so opted for their outdoor seating, it wasn't super busy, so everything came out really fast and the server was very attentive.
The first item I ordered was the Korean Fried Chicken (KFC) + Green Tea Waffles [$12] : 
The outside when you bite into these give you a nice satisfying crunch, at the same time not being too hard/thick although were a bit too sweet for my tastes.  The Green Tea Waffles, however, were delicious, gave a hint of green tea flavoring while not being too overpoweringly sweet with a nice spongy consistency I'd expect from a nicely made belgian waffle.
The second item I ordered was the Kimchi Poutine [$12]:
They bring this out in a hot stone pot like you would see for Bimbimbap at many Korean restaurants and you can literally hear the sizzling tastiness approaching.  The kimchi, cheese, bacon, fries and runny egg on top was such a sinful combo.  You can pull the cheese up with your fork and it just oozes up.  Once you get to the bottom of the pot, the fries are extra crunchy from the stone pot.  
All in all, Southgate is a nice brunch spot with some pretty unique fusion dishes.The customer service here really sucks. Our table was wobbly and one of the air conditioning units was broken. The server did eventually stabilize the table but wouldn't really entertain us moving to another table because of the heat. 
Food was really good, but took forever to come out. We were here for two hours because it took a full hour to get our entrees.SouthGate is a delicious destination, with superb cocktails and terrific Korean-inspired food.  Sidewalk seating is delightful on lovely evenings, but inside is chic and comfortable.  As a twenty-year resident of the near neighborhood, my family is thrilled to have them here.After years of passing by this unassuming business in my neighborhood, I finally tried it and can't believe I've been missing out! 
I was easily able to make a reservation for my group of 6 on a Sunday evening. The restaurant was not crowded at all on this particular night and they made sure to set a table for six prior to our arrival. The place itself is rather small, with a long bar running down one side and a row of tables along the opposite wall. There was a pretty narrow path between the two. This did make it a bit squishy for those of us with our backs to the people at the bar and awkward for others to walk in between. 
Our server was very friendly and helpful with the eclectic menu. We opted to eat family style, with food delivered as it was prepared. We started with the korean fried chicken, one spicy and one soy garlic. These are essentially amazing chicken wings. I say go for the spicy - it was super flavorful and not all that spicy. My personal favorite were the short rib ho-ppang. The buns were fresh and delicious and the pork was seasoned absolutely perfectly. We then had the beef dolsot bibimbap - ours was not served sizzling as described, but was very tasty all the same. Finally, we had the japchae which was probably my second favorite. 
Overall, this was a great group experience. We loved the food and option to eat family style. I'll definitely return for more of those pork buns and other deliciousness in the future!Wings wings wings. So good. Get the spicy ones. They're not the tiny little wings. They're like from chickens on steroids. 
Stick with the beer because the drinks are a bit overpriced and not very strong. Kind of pricey but the portions are huge. The fish and chips are great. The tacos fell flat for me. 
Stick with the wings. Go for it.Great neighborhood spot. The space is open and cool and the service friendly and prompt. I thought the food was great and appropriately priced. We had the chicken wings and they were fantastic. Got half soy garlic half spicy, I liked the later better my husband the former so I think getting some of both is a good call. The fried green tomatoes were so yummy and I loved the little sauce that was on them. The burger was delicious. Will definitely go back again.First night in Philly after flying all day and suffering rotten, lousy and expensive food, my wife and I were too tired to go far from our B&B (La Reserve, on Pine - go there!). Found this place a few steps away. Went there! 
Friendly and local vibe, vibrantly noisy, but not anywhere near so much that conversation is difficult. A small coterie of tables inside - be sure to reserve before you go. We didn't, but found a spot at the bar. Bartenders were helpful and nice. 
The menu is short, but you'll still have a hard time choosing. Fortunately, the young woman next to us got the hot pot. It sizzled hotly, scents and spices urging us to order the same. 
So we did. My wife got beef, I got tofu dolsot bibimbap. We tied for best dinner. No, seriously. The tofu was perfectly prepared, with a crisp just slightly chewy crust, yummily seasoned by its veggie environment topped off with a tingly red sauce. Get that. 
A small but tasty selection of beers and such went nicely with dinner. We could have stayed for another, sitting and yakking in the midst of other couples and friends enjoying the company and atmosphere, but we had pie to eat. Head to Magpie a couple of blocks away for dessert. 
Southgate is great. Go there.Food was amazing! In the old Tangier place. Everything has been totally redone. The food does not disapoint. Even the hand made cocktails where well done!Heard a lot about Southgate, so decided to come here last night with a few friends. Perhaps it was because of the high expectations (particularly about their wings), but the food did not really wow me.  As a starter, we shared their highly praised KFC (Korean fried chicken) wings - half soy garlic and half spicy gochujang. It came out hot and crispy (and was really big!).  As a spicy-food-fanatic, I was surprised that I preferred the soy garlic. It had a more memorable flavor profile, while the gochujang was just plain spiciness (could use some citrus seasoning, for example). While I loved how crispy and juicy the wings were, the flavors didn't really seep into the actually chicken, so unless you're eating the flour crust/skin, there wasn't much flavor.
I ordered the marinated beef bibimbop (without the stone pot - I think it's rather ridiculous to pay $2 just based on the bowl that your food is served in!), and was rather disappointed.  While the flavors were good, it came out cold, the egg on top was overcooked, and the beef was rather tough. I really wanted to like Southgate, especially since there aren't many Korean restaurants in the area; however, I don't think I'll go back for a while. And if I were to go back, it would be for the ambience and I would not be getting the same dishes again.Went here with a friend on a Saturday around noon and we were able to sit down immediately at a table outside.  The waiters were very friendly, attentive, and the food came out quickly.
The fried beef patty burger - pretty good.  I ordered it "medium" as opposed to "medium rare" and it was too rare in the middle for me.
The kimchi poutine - outrageous.  It's comes out in a hot stone bowl and sizzles for a good 5-10 minutes after being served.  My friend really like it.  Good fries in both meals.
They have a decent tap list, too.  I will keep an eye on the menu and see if anything changes that brings me back for more.  For now though, I think we got the gist of what they're serving.Haven't been to a Korean Fusion restaurant where there are sochu fusion options so I decided to try this place out and I was definitely in for an unforgettable treat! Definitely recommend the sochu fusion drinks and ever famous Korean Fried Chicken! Great customer service as well!Decided to try this place with the boyfriend after seeing all the good reviews on Yelp. Definitely a good call. The Korean Fried Chicken (KFC) was delicious! I also had the bibimbap and that was pretty good as well. Definitely want to try the bulgogi burger and the sizzled bibimbap when the weather is a little colder out. Love that this place has outdoors seating and we could bring our pups out with us. They even brought our corgi a water bowl.Great and unique addition to the Philly food scene with an awesome ambiance. Happy to see a different a take on the gastropub, bringing a FULL menu influenced by traditional Korean flavors.
Loved the wings and mandoo, both are my go to appetizers. Thoroughly enjoyed the burger and katsu as well. 
The big winner for me were the cocktails! Great and friendly bar staff with amazing drinks. Old Boy or P&P FTW.Had the wings, tuna bowl and bibimbap. Everything was good but very pricey for the food you are getting. This place has alot of potential but needs some work.I've had a burger or two in my lifetime, and there is no way the bulgolgi burger is the best burger in Philadelphia. The happy hour deals are pretty good though.More like 3.5.
The fried chicken wings were awesome - I thought the spicy gochujang were better than the soy garlic, but both were delicious.
The bibimbap was very good. Lots of veggies. The korean steak tacos were avery flavorful.
Great cocktails. Friendly service.
Will definitely return for more wings and other food.So happy I FINALLY tried Southgate! I came here for brunch on a Sunday around 12pm. There was no wait and tables were available both in and outside. Service here is good - wait staff is attentive and brought us a whole container of water for the table. The menu for brunch isn't huge, but gives a decent amount of options that are twists on some Korean classics. The menu is easily accessible on their website. I ordered the dolsot bibimbap while my friend got short rib loco moco. I loved my dish! I ate almost all of it - the one downfall, which was not Southgate's fault, was that the gochujang in the dish was a little too spicy for me. I would order this dish again in a heartbeat and just ask them to leave the gochujang off. My friend also said his meal was delicious and ate the whole bowl. The portions were nicely sized - see pictures - and I felt full and happy after my meal. This was definitely a 4.5 star experience. Will definitely be back soon to try the dinner menu!Love this place.  Although I mourned the loss of Tangier as much as anyone else in the neighborhood, this is a much-needed addition to the area.  Have had almost every item on the menu - each one is carefully prepared and well-executed.  Don't expect traditional Korean cuisine or some Korean fusion nonsense, because it's neither.  Favorites include the KFC wings, kale salad, bibimbap, tacos, and katsu.  Perfect place to stop in for a drink off of their diverse drink list.  Bartenders and servers are friendly and the decor is classy and warm.  Awesome family style table in the back is right next to the kitchen and great for groups.Stopped by for brunch on a windy Sunday. I had the kimchi deviled eggs, and the braised short rib. The kimchi deviled eggs were good, but I'd like the kimchi to be stronger. The short rib was out of this world, thus the 5 stars. It was perfectly cooked, super tender and flavorful. The rice was delicious and the two fried eggs accompanying it were perfect. A very rich, insanely delicious dish. I'll be coming back for more. 
Service was really good, quick and attentive. 
Brunch cost me $25.Amazing! Reservations are pretty necessary on weekend nights as the place is small, but the quality of food they get out of that kitchen is unbelievable. We had the soy chicken wings, tofu tacos, Southgate fries, Brussels sprouts, fried chicken sandwich, burger, and steamed buns. I couldn't get enough of any of it. There was a margarita-esque drink with soju on special that was to die for, and the 'old boy' cocktail was negroni-esque and also great.Good food and service. We had the bulgogi burger and KFC wings (the soy ones were superior) both of which were scrumptious. One less star for little elbow room and the shaky bench on the right side of the establishment.Really good food and service. The bibimbap bowl was served piping hot and it was delicious. The portion was quite large too! The deviled eggs were good and my fellow diners enjoyed the kimchi. Would definitely come back.I came here with friends during restaurant week. The price is good and most of the food were good. My bibimbap has too much sesame oil but too little spicy paste. My friend's fries was half cold.This restaurant never disappoints.  We have been here on several occasions and the food has always been delicious.  The KFC (Korean Fried Chicken) comes in soy garlic or spicy gochujang.  Both are delicious.  We also enjoyed the short rib buns and kimchi.  Great late night option on Saturdays.I was so, so excited to try Southgate, because Philly doesn't have very many Korean places/options, and Southgate looked great and has an awesome looking menu. We went for dinner, but I definitely want to go back to try brunch, too! (Especially for those chicken and waffles!). 
For dinner, we ordered the chilled cucumbers, the Korean fried chicken (half soy/half spicy), the steamed buns, the dukbokki, the dolsat bimbimbop, and the pork belly ssam. 
I'm not going to lie, I've had better Korean fried chicken (and even Bonchon has pretty good KFC), so their KFC was just alright. The star dishes of the night were really the dukbokki and pork belly ssam. WOW, this was probably the best dukbokki dish I've had in a while, and I'd definitely order it again. The pork belly ssam was also really delicious and different (since I usually order the seafood one and hadn't seen pork belly as an option anywhere else before). 
We also ordered the grapefruit soju, which was good, but not my favorite soju flavor. I kinda wish they had lychee soju, but they had a lot of other different soju flavors compared to your traditional Korea-town restaurants. 
Overall, I'm glad Philly finally has a little more upscale Korean option, and I really like the atmosphere and vibe of Southgate.Back in Philly! Here for the weekend to cheer on my gf during the Love Run. Since we got in on a Friday, we made plans to grab dinner somewhere nice with our friends and family. My Yelp research brought this place up as an option and we all agreed to check it out.
Our Megabus was stuck in a bit of traffic, so we got there a bit later than we expected (about 9:20 pm). When we arrived, I couldn't help but notice how relatively small it is, and how packed it was. 
We spoke with the hostess to let her know that our party of six already had our names down thanks to two friends who got there before us.
After maybe waiting 10-15 minutes they were able to seat all six of us (which they acknowledge they don't usually do). Our server came quickly with waters and menus. The menu is extensive! Lots of tasty options for Asian cuisine. We started the night with an assortment of cocktails and beer. I got a hot toddy, which just wasn't my favorite.
In a funny moment, the server told us they had unfortunately run out of buns and we were all bummed thinking we couldn't order burgers. However he quickly qualified his statement to mean short rib buns.
Our group only ordered bulgogi burgers and dolsot bibimbap plates. Both very good! The bulgogi burger was voted amongst the best of 2016 according to a Yelp review, and I can see why.
Great service and lots of tasty options. Highly recommend this place.Southgate was GREAT. I will say this though, definitely make reservations. We walked by here on a Friday night and it was packed with about a 45-minute wait. I mean, that's pretty much to be expected for a good dining spot on a Friday night, but definitely make sure you make a reservation if you want to guarantee a table.
I was really craving Korean food one night and so we made a reservation for around 7:30. This place is small, with two tables to the left when you walk in the door, seats at the bar for around 10-12ish people, and tables with booth seats all along the right hand side wall. It's dimly lit, candles on each table, cozy, intimate and warm. You wouldn't expect this to be a Korean place just walking by, it looks like a typical gastropub. 
Menu is solid, great choices and just the right amount of options. I went for the dolsot bibimbap - hot stone pot with beef and a side of kimchi. It's hard to pass on your favorites, but next time I come I'll try some of their other dishes - they've got a great selection! 
Service was just the right amount of attentive, friendly and well spaced out. I don't remember my dish being too spicy, but then again, I'm a spice-a-holic and have heard/read reviews about it being on the spicier side here, so just be aware if you are sensitive to spiciness.Been meaning to try this place for a LONG time. I was not disappointed. 5 stars for service and food. We had the soy garlic KFC, pork mandoo, shortrib steam buns, and the octopus. The octopus was the most tender I have ever had. Everything was perfect. The wings were super crispy and not overly sweet. Could have eaten several orders of them. The chef sent out a trip of kimchi, brussels sprouts and the potato salad. Also very goodI come last night specifically for their Happy Hour I tried their Happy Hour Red Sangria. It was very flavorful and had a nice kick. I also tried their KFC wings everyone raves about, in the soy and spicy flavors. All in all, the chicken was thoroughly cooked, with good flavors, tender on the inside and crunchy on the outside. Overall, good chicken, but nothing to rave about. I'd say stop by if you're in the area.Definitely one of my new favorites. The service and food are both amazing. Hard to say which is better. Anything I've tried here I loved. And the hostesses/servers are so friendly. For food I definitely recommend the buns and dumplings (I think ho bangg was the bun). One thing I will say is they're getting pretty popular so it can definitely get busy. You might need to wait for a seat for a few minutes if you walk in, especially if you have a bigger party.This place is a diamond in the rough! I love Southgate for it's authentic menu, intimate atmosphere, and reasonable prices. This place is great for grabbing a bite with a friend or a casual date night. 
Yesterday I took my mom here and she too adored it. We each ordered kimchi and a small plate of steamed  pork dumplings to share. Both flavorful and generously portioned. We then ordered the traditional bibimbap with beef. The bowl was filled with rice, veggies, egg, seaweed, bean sprouts, beef, and an unforgettable red sauce. We left quite full because it tasted so good. I will be back soon!So happy to have this in the Rittenhouse neighborhood!  First, the kimchi was homemade and deliciously authentic (though they ran out).  The menu highlight was the fried chicken wings--we had combo soy and gochujang  (next time, I think we'll order just the gochujang--but not very spicy at all).  We also had the tuna sushi bowl (maybe a bit light on ingredients and seasoning, but good nonetheless)--next time, I'll try the dolsot (stone bowl) bibimbop.  We really liked the large Kale salad (delicious sesame seed dressing).  We also had the beef tacos (not much like Kogi truck tacos--a bit light on fillings and could have used kimchi topping).  I'm looking forward to going back (good drinks menu and good beers on tap)Had dinner here on a Friday night around 6:30, the place wasn't packed but was starting to get a little cramped. This small eatery is just south of Rittenhouse Square next to graduate hospital. The atmosphere is very moderate and reserved. The food is best identified as Korean fusion, dishes friendly to the American palate and inspired with Korean ingredients and flavors. If you want an authentic Korean experience this is not the place to go, if you want to be more adventurous with your dinner but still want dishes to remain familiar then this is your spot. 
The waitstaff are all very nice and professional, they do genuinely appear proud of their establishment. The food is unique and the flavors are not too strong. Myself I am used to Korean dishes and was a bit disappointed by the level of food they offered. I ordered the kbbq tacos and thought they were okay at best. Their cocktails were average as well. This is a midscale restaurant with mid-upper scale pricing. This is a nice spontaneous place to go on a date, especially if you're not too adventurous, but more accurately, curious.Very excited about Southgate, which has the potential to be a go-to after work spot for my wife and I. 
The interior is completely redone and you would hardly believe it used to house the busy, kitschy trappings of Tangier. Very sleek and clean with plenty of seating and a large bar. 
We started with the Koreancini, which was good not great. The arancini were nicely crisp and the corn inside tasted fresh. However, they needed a tad more salt. Still, the big miss was the sauce, which was basically stewed tomatoes that lacked seasoning. The dish didn't really read as Korean. I would have loved some heat or punch of flavor.
I got the tofu bibimbap which was AWESOME. Really fresh and a sizable portion. To drink I had the sake punch, which was light and refreshing. We also had the dessert -- their only dessert option at the moment -- shortcake layered with whipped cream and berries. The dessert was good, not particularly sweet, which I enjoyed, but, again, nothing read Korean. To top it all off, service was truly excellent. 
I can't really understand the reviews complaining about price. They might seem high if this was still Tangier, but for a Gastropub they were pretty average. 
All in all, Southgate has some room to grow -- first and foremost they need to put their menu up on the website. But so far Southgate seems like an great addition to CC, and is an especially welcome veg-friendly Gastropub.Small quaint place with a nice atmosphere. Dined late on a Saturday night, and the place wasn't too crowded. I had the koreancini which was a decent starter. Had the the bibimbap which is bowl of rice and veggies with a fried egg and tofu.  I chose the tofu as a vegetarian but my friend got the beef. Very good and both chose to get it hot in the stone bowl, but needed to wait a bit to let it cool enough to eat.Southgate is the Best! A neighborhood staple! Amazing Korea food! Seriously awesome brunchMy girlfriend and I ate here during an evening rush. We ordered a few appetizers/small dishes and drinks at the bar: pork dumplings, crispy Brussel sprouts and the galbi. Everything came out pretty fast, the bartender was pretty fast and didn't rush us. We also got the persimmon panna cotta dessert; it was delicious.
It was a little cramped and pricey but that's to be expected in this area. 
We didn't get a chance to try any of the entrees but we'll get to that the next time.This restaurant is adorable and delicious. My boyfriend and I popped in and sat at the bar where we got great service. The house infused soju is delicious, I had the earl grey and he had the cardamom; next time I would get a whole glass of it. For dinner, we had the softest, chewiest buns filled with steak and cheese (philly style of course), the japchae noodle bowl, and a fried chicken sandwhich. Everything came with this delicious garlic pepper aioli and our food could not have been more tasty. We can't wait to go back!Asian fusion, shareable plates. They tried to make a modern, American twist on traditional Korean dishes, however wasn't innovative enough to create a blast on the pallet, yet also failed to present the premium quality Korean traditions. Good selections of drinks and quality of food, nice atmosphere to gather with close friends or date night, but the flavor of food is just so-soI like the food but they never honor your reservation time. This is the third time we've had to wait over 20-30 minutes. We walked out and went elsewhere. I get that they can't control how long people stay but should account for that in their bookings.Super confused about the hype of this place! We came for happy hour, and yet everything still seemed super overpriced.
We got the sweet potato fritters which were good but something that I definitely could've made at home. Also shared some soy garlic wings, which were good but at $2 a piece felt really overpriced - they were very similar to Soho chicken in size and taste. I got the beef tacos as my entree, which were probably the best part of the meal. I had a bite of the beef bibimbap and was not impressed - the beef pieces were super tough and not flavorful, and definitely not worth it for the price (I can't quite remember but it was like $14 or $15).
I was so excited for a Korean fusion place, but I don't think I will return :(Had dinner here on Wednesday night and was glad we made reservations because the place was packed. We started with the KFC (spicy) and octopus. For dinner, we shared the dolsot bibimbap with beef and bulgogi burger with a side of kimchee. The octopus was our favorite of the night, followed by the bibimbap. I had pretty high expectations for the KFC and burger. Both were good and definitely tasty, but not in the running for the best I've had. Based on first impressions, I'd give this place 3.5 stars for now.Good food and really like the space. Korean chicken wings had the best first bite crunch I have ever heard. Like the drinks and the kimchi too.Really enjoyed my dinner here. The KFC (chicken wings) are really tasty and all of the appetizers are quite good. Philly suffers from a shortage of decent Korean food - this place has pretty good bibimbap and the fusion dishes are perfect for those who aren't familiar with the cuisine. Enjoyed the beer selection as well.
Big shout out to the team here for being willing to track down a lost receipt for me. Huge, huge, kudos for something that they didn't have to do for me, and really appreciated. Thanks!Fusion and small/large plate trends combine to produce a mediocre result.  There were a few highlights including a delicious calamari salad, but there were more misses than hits including a Korean fried chicken sandwich in which the overly breaded and generous chicken pieces were completely dried out.  The shrimp dumplings were also a disaster, offering four small dumplings with so little filling they tasted like plain dough swimming in a sauce.  The short-rib filled steamed buns were a reasonable take on the original though they were, like the originals, too doughy.  (That was OUR mistake).  In sum, there were some interesting flavors ruined by some poor preparations.
Let's hope the entire small plate shtick runs its course soon.  It won't, of course, because it is so profitable, but it isn't generally a satisfying way to order...or eat!!!I really enjoyed my visit to Southgate last night. They were accommodating to our group of 7 (we got a big table towards the kitchen) and the food was great! We tried both styles of their Korean Fried Chicken (KFC) - the soy garlic and spicy gochujang. I really enjoyed both flavors. The spicy wasn't TOO spicy and the soy garlic was sweet and tangy. Both were a great compliment to the extra crispy crust on the chicken. For my entrée I went with the beef bibimbap and of course upgraded to the dolsot option ($2) extra which was worth getting the hot crispy rice. I ate the whole bowl and I'm not even mad. I tried 2 of their signature cocktails the "Korumbian" because the name just made me laugh and the Korea 75. The Korumbian was a little too sweet for my taste, but it was nice with the spicy wings and salty soy flavors of the dishes we got. I preferred the Korea 75 which is sparking wine with sake and a little citrus (grapefruit maybe?) I'm a sucker for anything with a little sparkle to it. I definitely would recommend this place for something that isn't your typical Italian or Chinese casual dining if you like interesting flavors. I will be back!I love this place and especially love that it's close to my home!  The renovation is beautiful.  It is classy and casual.  It has great outdoor seating.  It was easy to get reservations and when I had to change the time, they were very accommodating.  A great sign is that it is run my Asians and many Asians eat there.  I can say that because I'm Asian and that's always a great sign!  Haha  Food is delicious and beautiful.  I went with some friends that are not adventurous eaters and they LOVED it.  They have a full bar so that's also great.  Great service all around.  I will definitely be back often!!We were in the area yesterday and were in the mood for Korean food, so we decided to try out Southgate! The restaurant was modern and comfortable, perfect for a holiday season dinner with friends. 
We started with sake and Sapporo beer, and I ordered the fried chicken and the dolsot (hot stone bowl) bibimbap. The fried chicken tasted good, but was a tiny bit heavy on batter, and was expensive at $12 for 6 wings. Similarly, the bibimbap rice and veggies were done perfectly and tasted wonderful, but the beef was slightly overcooked and chewy.
Overall, we had a good experience and would be happy to return for round two.
Four Yelp starsThis is going into my regular rotation for happy hour starting now! They have awesome kfc (either spicy or sweet) and $6 sangria, half off drafts and a nice city wide. Their French fries are very yummy and a large portion. You can get a lot of very inexpensive food/drinks during happy hour in their cozy dining room. I'll be back very soon!I hope this place does well.  Ambience is chill and I think they have a good sense of who they are in terms of preserving the essence of Korean food while stretching the boundaries, but not by too much.  Service is always friendly. As for the food -- KFC is the best item on the menu -- very thick and very crunchy batter -- and both spicy and soy are great.  Katsu burger with kkochukaru fries -- the kids really liked the flavor profile.  The short rib loco moco -- a nice nod to Hawaiian good -- adventurous, although I would still opt for the KFC.  As for the kimchee -- it was good -- just nothing that extraordinary for kimchee.  Philly could use more Korean style joints like this, so I hope it does well.  It would be a fun place to host a private party.I was so excited for this restaurant to open that I went ahead and made this yelp page for it weeks in advance! I went opening weekend with a group of 14 people and had a really awesome experience! We didn't think to make a reservation, but the hostess was kind enough to seat us right away at the chef's table right by the kitchen. The server was also very attentive and patient, considering people in our party were walking in sporadically every 10 minutes or so. For food we ordered the soy ginger korean fried chicken (7 pcs/order) and koreancini balls (5 pcs/order) to share, and I got the bulgogi burger as my main. The meat was a little dry and the side of gochugaru fries could definitely use a lot more seasoning to really POP, but still a solid meal. They also gave us an extra dessert (misugaru cake with berries and creme) on the house for the delayed service, which most of us didn't even notice! 
I came back the Friday after with a friend, again without a reservation, and got a nice outdoor table right away. We ordered the sake punch and the koreana 76 off the cocktail menu and they were both delicious and super refreshing! We tried the KFC again, this time half sweet and half spicy, and I actually preferred the gochujang flavor - it's not too spicy and just sweet enough. For our mains we ordered the bibimbap and the pulled pork burger, which were both stellar. I actually enjoyed the pork burger much more than the bulgogi burger from my previous visit. The fries were crispy and cooked to perfection, and the ketchup/gochujang mixed condiment for dipping was a really great touch to the dish.
Definitely a fan of this place and will be coming back often! It is a little pricy for everyday eating  and it's not necessarily authentic korean food, but nevertheless a great addition to the food scene in philly!A great neighborhood gastropub with a spin. I live very close to Southgate and had been wanting to try it out for some time now. On a rainy Sunday I figured brunch was the perfect excuse to stop in. The space it fairly small with a long bar and about 6 or 7 tables. Great for groups of 2-6 although I did see a larger group in the back. The decor is dark and reminiscent of a pub/Korean soju bar. The brunch menu is concise with a good selection of dishes to choose from. We got the chicken and waffles, short rib loco moco, and deviled eggs. 
Chicken and waffles was a hit. The chicken was flavorful with a crispy cracklin skin. A spicy maple syrup or honey drizzle would have been a great addition but then you run the risk of soggy chicken. And no one likes soggy fried chicken. The matcha waffles were dense and crisp and a good compliment to the chicken.
My short rib loco moco was hearty and rich. You get a generous portion of soft short rib. The rice and pickled jalapenos were a nice offset to the rich egg and meat. 
We were intrigued by the deviled eggs and they were a fun spin on the party classic. The kimchi's funkiness cut through the creamy yolks and the whites were soft boiled.
Overall, I'm a fan of Southgate. It's a great place to take friends for dinner, drinks, brunch, pretty much any occasion.We ended up here as we are sleeping in the neighborhood . It is Wednesday night the place is 1/2 empty and we arrive for dinner at 6:30 pm . The waiter tells us there is happy hours at the bar but advice us on prices for wine at our table . Saying it is a house wine and we charged $6.00 / glass . We had 5 glasses and got charged 10 each glass . After discussing with waiter and manager they keep on arguing and do not want to change the price as originally told ! Wrong wrong wrong . Bad customer service . Beside the crudo salmon after asking if it was good as a main dish for 1 person .... it was actually 3 small slices of unfresh smoked  salmon and 3 slices of cucumber .... very cheap ! 
Therefore for the bad customer service , for the poor quality of food I would not recommend this place at all . Let's Move onFantastic new chef and the food is jammin'. 
Best beef tartare ever and an incredible sizzzling rice bowl with beef. Budget friendly, super cocktails, child friendly - this is a great small neighborhood spot. Make a reservation soon you won't be disappointed. The flavors are big, the ingredients fresh and friendly service all at a reasonable price.
Loved it and can't wait to return.Two of us shared kimchee, brussel sprouts, pork mandoo, veggie mandoo, kfc and seafood panjeon. They have us complimentary cucumbers which were better than the kimchee. Everything was outstanding and I would dare say better than the Korean food in Los Angeles. Attentive service and an excellent beer selection topped it off. There was no wait for a table at 8:30 on a Thursday. People are surely missing out.Best service I have ever received from a restaurant. Server David Lee is a fantastic employee and deserves all the love and recognition. His perfect timing and smile brings an experience of a lifetime. Their food and drinks are great as well, but David Lee is the icing on the cake.I came here with a small group of friends for an early birthday celebration and I was really pleased with the food. The bao buns were definitely the best part of the meal, and I would come here again just for those. The one critique I would give it is the chairs that they use for the outdoor seating. They were really uncomfortable and took away from the outdoor dining experience. I would still recommend this place to others who want an affordable but delicious meal.Can't believe I have not yet reviewed Southgate - it's a staple! We live very nearby and frequent Southgate heavily (like, at least 1-2x a week) because the service, ambiance, food, and drink selection are so good - and the prices are so fair. We love Southgate!
The happy hour, in particular, is probably the best I have encountered in Philly, with $4 Two Hearted on draught and $2 banchans (small but delicious side dishes, like warm crispy tofu with chili sauce or soy braised potatoes - 2-3 are sufficient for a meal for me). They have excellent outdoor seating as well as a warm, chic interior, and all the dishes (especially the pork ssam and pajeon, as well as the rotating burgers and chicken sandwich - oh, and the brunch!) are reliably delicious. The service is friendly, prompt, and never overbearing. 
My only critique is that they do struggle sometimes to meet demand during restaurant weeks and after street fairs on South St, so I suspect they need more service on hand for surge capacity - but they've always tried to make it right when wait times have been long. We feel very lucky to have this gem nearby!iExcellent waffles, but the chicken was all skin and bone and hardly any meat. Try using chicken breast or tenders. The fried skin tastes good but chicken waffles are all about using a fork and knife to cut meat and eat it together with the waffle...I really like this place - it is a shame I moved away from it. I had the hot stone bowl with crispy rice and beef - amazing. I've also had their gigantic wings, and they are really flavorful.We went here for brunch for a friend's birthday! I'll start off by saying the drinks were really good! HIGHLY recommend the blood Mary - probably one of the best I've ever tried! I got the Korean 76, which was also pretty good! The food was decent, nothing great. We tried the green tea waffles, and I thought they were okay, my friends really liked them. The bibimbop bowls were really good and tasty though! Would def recommend to go for drinks!I came here with friends during restaurant week. This is a small and cozy place. The decor and aesthetic gives you a feeling of comfort. The customer service is great and very attentive to your needs.
At first I didn't have a really high expectation for the food for this place, but they brought their food to another level. The appetizer was great. Even though the filling isn't anything like a normal dumpling, the taste brings you right back to one.
The loco moco was delicious. The patty is cooked to perfection with a little pink in the middle. The gravy reminds me of a katsu sauce. The eggs were perfect sunny side up.
The desert for me was great. The pear was a little too sweet, but combined with everything it becomes balanced out. My only qualm would be the pear wasn't soft making breaking it apart to accompany the dish difficult. 
All in all, the atmosphere, customer service, and food are great.  Even though I came here for restaurant week, everything in their menu is well priced. Defiantly a great place to come for some korean fusion.We were a party of 2.  Ordered the kimchee (awful), the KFC Fried Chicken - a bit too much breading and very thick on the sauce, and finally, the short ribs - the short ribs were overdone and dry, veggies ok.  We asked for extra sauce to finish the short ribs - didn't ever, that's how awful they were.Mmmmmmmmmm! So so good! Had it not been for the Philly Magazine event I wouldn't have known about this gem of a place. 
It's a Korean American restaurant with a bar. It may not seem much from the outside, but on the inside it's super cozy with bar seating, community table and a regular tables. 
We ordered the Hot toddy, P&p and soju as drinks and the KFC Korean Fried Chicken wings with the fries! 
The wings were so so delicious, super crispy and flavorful, we also got the Korean beef tacos and Kimchi. I was really looking forward to tasting the bulgogi burger, but we were stuffed! 
Can't wait to go back! I hear their brunch is the bomb dot com!This restaurant was so much fun--cozy, dimly lit, friendly, attentive servers, pleasant cocktails, varied beer list....The menu is small, but has options for everyone and the food is delightful!I had been walking passed this place while staying at an airbnb. Then a friend suggested we meet there since she had heard good things and wanted to try it. 
Perfect. I had the Autumn salad, who would have thought a kale salad could be so delicious and filling.
F had the tofu rice bowl and loved it. My friend had the tofu taco and said they were really good. 
I even tried their persimmon shortcake which I took home and it was still good the next day.I haven't tried Korean food before this place so they really set the bar high. We had a nice selection of appetizers and shared a bowl. Everything we had was awesome. Great flavor with mild spices made these dishes delicious. The Korean Fried Chicken (KFC) is a must have; they have both soy and spicy I would recommend both. Offers a fully stocked bar and they had mentioned that they were experimenting with seasonal desserts but they didn't have any available which was a shame. Nevertheless that just gives us an excuse to go back another time.This place was so good I can't wait to go back. I got the hot stone bibimbop with "seafood." Super good but I'll probably just get it in a regular bowl next time because it was SO hot I kept burning my mouth. Also, I ordered the "seafood" addition and was told it came with shrimp and squid. My bowl came with only shrimp, which I kinda wished they would have at least acknowledged. It was good so whatever. 
My boyfriend got the bulgogi burger and let me try a bite since it was too big for him to finish (that never happens). The burger was incredible. I want to go back here just for that. Plus it came with a sauce for the fries that was so good. They had happy hour begin at 4pm when we were still sitting there but we were told that happy hour was only at the bar. Bummer. Overall this place was great. Would have given 5 stars but the service was lacking a little. Our orders took a noticeably long time to come out, but maybe that's just because of what I ordered.What a cool idea it is to open a Korean gastro-pub!  Southgate adds a whole new menu of foods to the typical Center City pub.  I really enjoyed drinks and dinner here.  I loved the Korean version of the Citywide - here it was Sapporo and a shot of Soju.  The sweet potato fritters were more than tasty as was the Korean fried chicken.  My one complaint about the chicken was that it was supposed to be spicy.  It wasn't at all to me.  My friend's Dolsot Bibimbop looked very good and she was pleased with it.  The place looks good, service was fine ... but there was one other thing that I think is kind of annoying.  We arrived at 5:15 on a weekday.  Of course I know it's happy hour and I had checked that out beforehand online.  The hostess gave us only a regular drink menu and the waiter brought over only a regular food menu.  I had to ask for the Happy Hour menu....and when I did I got a response, "Oh do you want a Happy Hour menu?"  C'mon - if you have Happy Hour specials just give out the menu and don't make people have to specifically ask for it or otherwise miss out on the special offers.  Despite this, I still think Southgate is a good four-star addition to Center City Philly!Great vegetarian bibimbop. Good flavors and good portion size! Totally worth the extra dollars for the dolsot.Beautiful, dimly lit spot. Outdoor seating during the summer. Extensive beer and wine list. Korean-inspired food. Tried the KFC with soy garlic, and short-rib steamed buns. The KFC is deep fried multiple times, and deliciously crunchy. Not a fan of the sauce, it's slightly spicy and mostly tangy. Tastes like a huge piece of General Tso's Chicken. The steamed buns were chewy on the outside and tasted like salty and meaty on the inside.I am so close to giving this place five stars! Honestly, everything we've had has been VERY good and the Happy Hour specials are great! That being said, we have only really ever eaten the happy hour food and have yet to try the entrees.  Maybe once we do, this'll be a five star review!
The house made sujo is amazing--get a flight so you can try all of the flavors! You MUST get the Southgate fries (and ask for them crispy) you won't forget it. My ONLY disappointment is that the sujo is not part of the happy hour menu. Definitely worth stopping in to try the unique Asian flavors. The cones out quickly once you order! The staff is also really great and always on point.Man, oh man, the chicken is mad good. Also beers up the wazoo, which means a lot for some of you younger folks uneducated in older person jargon.
Would go again. Mind you seating is limited so call ahead.This review is limited to the happy hour. 
We ordered the fried wings, radish kimchi, Brussels sprouts and cauliflower. The wings were delicious and little messy. The radish kimchi was amazing, but I love radishes a little too much. 
3 dollar Sapporo or add a shot for a dollar.Really good. The Korean Fried Chicken is some of the best I've had across the city. My only critique is the portions as I wished reach dish was a bit bigger.Southgate is one of our favorite neighborhood spots. Outdoor tables are 6+ feet apart, covered, and heated for up to 4 guests. Try the bibimbap bowl with tofu for a hearty vegetarian meal!
In an effort to call attention to COVID-safe outdoor dining done well and support local businesses, I have started an Instagram account @PhillyCovidDiningGuide showing the outdoor setups at restaurants! Check out my post on Southgate and others here https://www.instagram.com/phillycoviddiningguide/I was a bit reluctant to try their korean fried chicken because philly already has bonchon and soho and other lesser known korean restaurants that offer fried chicken. The KFC concept is no longer new nor exciting in my book. But Southgate chicken was delicious. The meat was well marinated. The chicken was crispy and juicy. I also liked their beef mandoos. But the tuna rice bowl was a disappointment. Too much ginger made the whole bowl way more sour than it was supposed to. The galbi tacos were good but nothing too memorable. BUT i love their bulgogi burger. The meat patty was HUGE and cooked medium rare perfectly. Love love love! I mean the portion was good. Thanks god we all shared the food.What a great place!!!! Amazing food and service. It's definitely a great take on traditional Korean cuisine with an added twist. You have to try the K.F.C (Korean fried chicken) and the bulgogi burger ...... pretty amazing! It is definitely my first and not my last. I am going there very soon!A group of girlfriends and I decided on Southgate for a low-key dinner on a Sunday night. We made a reservation for 7, and we were surprised that the place was packed when we arrived. We were seated immediately, and our waiter was very attentive. My friend and I split the KFC (half spicy half soy garlic), which I would definitely recommend! It's a little pricey at $12/6 wings, but the chicken was perfectly crunchy and flavorful. I went for their famous bulgolgi burger, and I was not disappointed. The seasoning on the burger was sweet, but not overwhelmingly so, and I thought the flavors all came together very nicely. I would definitely recommend Southgate if you're looking for a more intimate dinner experience!A truly delicious and interesting brunch option for grad hospital! A neo American Korean type cuisine is what you'll find here, but the star of the show is the French fries. They are just truly perfect: crispy and soft pillowy on the inside. And they come with this delicious spicy aioli type concoction!
As for actual brunch recommendations, I loved the steak tacos. They were not too spicy but so incredibly flavorful with flavors I'm not at all accustomed to--really unique! It's a much needed break from your classic eggs Benedict and pancakes. 
The ambiance itself is adorable too--classic twinkle lights and an outdoor patio feel when you're sitting inside in the dead of winter. 
Can't say enough good things!Southgate is a really cute date spot, but I have very mixed feelings about their dinner menu. Their dinner menu is very limited, which made sharing plates kind of difficult. Our table of 3 ended up ordering KFC, side of fries, and 2 beef dolsot bibimbaps.
Korean Fried Chicken (6 pieces for $12) in Soy Garlic:
The size of these chicken wings/drumsticks are impressive, but I've had better KFC. I wouldn't recommend ordering this, especially since it's $2/piece.
Fries (not on the menu - $4)
The fries were unexpectedly seasoned (a little too much IMO, it got way too salty for me) -- I'm not sure what's in their seasoning because you can see red flakes on the fries, but I didn't find them spicy. 
Beef Dolsot Bibimbap ($17)
This was my favorite dish of the night. I loved the beef -- it wasn't chewy at all and I think they marinated it. Plus, you can't really go wrong with a dolsot bibimbap. I only wished they added more rice because the rice to meat/veggie ratio is a bit off.
We were all stuffed by the time we left, but overall, I didn't think it was a memorable meal.
Protip: I actually messaged them through Yelp to make a reservation (bc I couldn't get through on the phones at first, no biggie) and they responded in a couple of minutes, which was great.Food is 3 stars, service and the idea of the menu is 5 stars, hence the 4 star rating.
First of all, I really wanted to like this place. Looking at the menu and reading the review, I was ready to give it a try. It's just... the execution of their ideas fell short. 
We tried the Korean tacos and the kimchi poutine. I think the ideas were great for both dishes. But the bulgogi in taco was dry and overcooked, perhaps because the cut was too thick and had too high of a meat-to-veggie ratio. Based on what I grew up eating, bulgogi is supposed to be thinly sliced, tender, juicy, and have all flavor marinated from onion and pear. Their green sauce thing was also a bit off. 
Kimchi in the kimchi poutine was surprisingly good. The combination of kimchi, egg, and cheese is hard to fail when your kimchi itself made well and cooked perfectly. Kudos to Southgate for that part. I think the idea of kimchi poutine is interesting and has a potential work, but their fries were way too oily.
I think both dishes might work if you walk into this place expecting a greasy bar food with Korean influence. I don't know what the culinary training background of the chef here is, but his/her ideas are great, just needs a better execution. I really want this place to do well and get better.
Their service was amazing by the way - our server was David according to the receipt, who was extremely attentive (he must have poured water for us 17 times) and made thoughtful recommendations.
Drink selection isn't long but decent. I loved how they have Kloud, my favorite Korean beer.delicious! first place on the mainland i've seen loco moco, and the short rib really classes-up a classic dish. The bibimbap is also fantastic. Lovely drinks and a fantastic atmosphere, great for either brunch or dinner!We stopped in the night after Thanksgiving with a couple of friends, and we are so happy we did!  The food and cocktails were spot on! We had the wings, a mix of the spicy and the soy, which were fantastic! Definitely get them when you go. Super crispy and flavorful, a highlight. We also got 2 orders of the tacos, one beef and one tofu, both were great as well as the bulgogi burger. Everything was well prepared, fresh and delicious. The cocktails were also fantastic. The saki sangria was a particular favorite. Great little place, we'll definitely be back.