One of my new year's resolutions includes eating fresh, healthy food. Unfortunately for me, this means more cooking. In my desperate attempt to stay out of the kitchen, I discovered Soy Cafe. Thanks to them, I can actually eat out without feeling guilty for breaking my resolve. 
You've got to try one of the juices. They're made to order and you get to pick up to 3 fruits. I went with the blood orange, ginger, and pineapple; what an unexpected treat! They've got tons of different smoothies to choose from too, all featuring fresh fruit, soymilk, and honey. Additionally, their vast selection of gourmet salads, wraps, sandwiches, steamed buns, and vegan treats makes it hard to decide. 
Cozy spot to work on your computer, grab a quick lunch, or pop in for some tea/coffee. More coffeehouse cafes should follow their lead.Great for quick eats, cafe vibes, and a great place to spend your afternoon reading or studying! I was visiting from New York and had a tough time finding a place to find anything that wasn't just another salad. This place gave me the best vegan sandwich I had in a very long time. The eggplant was grilled perfectly (hard to do most of the time), the cheese was melting off my sandwich, and the homemade dressings really made it taste special. Come here if you're looking for some top notch veggie eats.Feels odd to rate something that is so close to my house, but here goes!
Have had mixed feeling towards Soy Cafe over the years but in this moment am particularly enjoying them. Their drink selection is inventive, fresh, and good and their food has come a long way. I particularly like the artichoke and tomato sandwich with a side salad. 
The coffee is their weakness, not sure why they don't switch to a better brand. Luckily their ginger based hot drinks are so good, there is no reason to order coffee here. 
Staff is very friendly and it's a great place to sit and read.I love this place! I There food is healthy and has many options for gluten free/ vegetarians/ vegans etc. 
I love the super veggie wrap with rice paper (  I am GF)
Their smoothies are also delicious and they have multiple milk options. The atmosphere is eclectic and cute with a nice outdoor patio. 
I definitely recommend this place.I got the healthy wrap with avocado, cucumber, and vegan ham in a rice wrap and it was absolutely delicious. I wish I would have realized there was a vegan quesadilla special, or else I would have gotten that. I'll be back for one of those.
 I also got a gluten free dairy free marshmallow, coconut and chocolate donut. This was not good. It was dry and super dense. After reading other reviews, I will avoid the baked goods. 
Overall a really comprehensive menu of both veggie, meat, gluten free, and vegan options. I'll be back!The first time I was in Soy I had a smoothie and a coffee so I couldn't really attest to the food.  This time I ordered the Udon Noodle Soup with imitation crab and miso broth.  I would usually be hesitant to order something like this in a cafe but the soup was delicious. For 6 bucks the portion was extremely filling and quite tasty. A little siracha to spice it up and I was good to go.If I lived closer to Soy Cafe, I might be there for Breakfast, Lunch and Dinner.
So originally I came here because of my vegan friend who likes to check out all that Philly has to offer in vegan food.  However, I was pleasantly surprised that they have plenty of food for the meat eating person.
All the food we had was fresh. I had the turkey pesto sandwich which was good.... but I also had the seasonal soup which I wasn't  my favorite.
Overall, this is a nice vegan place to get lunch and dinner. They have plenty of dessert options too for your vegan friends.
I didn't try the smoothies, but they looked awesome!!Had a great sesame bagel here with tomato and cream cheese that had lots of flavor. Vanilla soy cappuccino was very good just wish they carried organic grass fed regular milk. Glad all their soy seems to be organic and non gmo. Tried the donut which was very nice...not too sweet but a large which is still on the small side will set you back $3.50 which is kind if crazy for any donut.Omg omg !!! My partner talked about soy cafe so much! This was my first time here & what an amazing experience ! We arrived and the aesthetics of this place are so chill & positive & it feels so warm. He orders our ham & cheese sandwiches that came with a side salad & kindly told the woman at the front we'd return to pick up after going to the bike store down the street. 
My rating below : Best out of 5...5 being the best! 
Vegetarian/ Vegan Food options: 5
Parking availability: 4
Business Energy Cleanliness : 5 
Bathrooms: unknown
Staff friendliness : 5 
Seating Space: 3
Service: 5 
They have all kind of vegan goodies & desserts! You know I have a sweet tooth & love a place that can provide good food & sweetness for afterwards. 
My first bite into my sandwich omg it was like tasting perfection ! I loved it . After I took my first bite , I realized why didn't he order me a second one he knows im a true foodie ! Haha 
This place is a must when in the area just pop in & check them out !Soy Cafe is one of the best cafes in Northern Liberties.  There vegan mini donuts are amazing!  Lots of healthy choices including one of my favorites, the mushroom egg wrap.  One of the few places in the city with healthy foods ( I do wish they would serve wheatgrass!)  There is also a lovely garden which is a fantastic place to have tea in the spring time.Soy Vey!  (apologies to the makers of those scrumptious marinades)
but Soy Cafe is the tofu bomb!  I must admit I wasn't an original frequenter of the joint when it was housed at Ironworks, but now that it has a place of its very own, I'm there on a weekly basis.
Be it their scrumptious eats (I'm a big fan of their california wrap - and that homemade honey mustard of theirs - droool!), their mouth-watering smoothies (they made me a soy milk convert! I'm slowly but surely trying every one on their menu) or their little baked sweets - everything hits the right note and is just plain yummy. (down to the orange quarters they serve with the sandwiches!)
They always have a a multitude of fun mags to keep me occupied as I wait for my goodies to be prepared.  This local little Soy temple is a gem for any meal or snack for meat and veggie eaters alike.5 stars to this cute No Libs cafe. The smell of fresh baked cookies and sweet treats greets you the second you walk in the door. I enjoyed an Iced Chai with a friend (which was delicious) and enjoyed the company of Michelle and the other workers. I'll be back!
*cash onlyBeing vegan mean finding a place that not only has a menu that is vegan friendly but the food is actually worth eating. Soy cafe has to be the best vegan restaurant we have eaten at. From the time you enter the restaurant and ask questions about the menu you just know that this is going to be a positive dining experience. We watched our food being prepared and the food was excellent. Now we have a new best restaurant. The pb and j smoothie was really a pleasant surprise. It is a must have. The in house baked cookies are by far the best vegan bake goods we have ever had.I've been going to Soy Cafe for about 5 years now and it's easily one of my favorite cafes in the city.  I have horrible food allergies and an extremely restricted diet.  I initially went to Soy Cafe way back when because of their name figuring it was a place I could find some good vegan food.
When I saw that the menu included TWENTY TWO smoothies made with soy milk and honey I was so happy.  I am a huge smoothie fan!  My favorite smoothie is the Milk Vanilla:  peach, banana, vanilla, soy milk, honey.  Note for vegans who don't eat honey:  good maple syrup is available to substitute.  I always get the soy protein add-on.  It makes the smoothie richer and creamier (thus yummier).  :)  The Milk Vanilla + soy protein became my favorite smoothie of all time upon first sip.  I've been ordering this smoothie for over 5 years on a regular basis and have been impressed by the consistency shown by the staff.  They always make it the same way every time:  just right.  Highly recommend coming here for your smoothie fix!
And there's more!  :)
The salads are phenomenal.  Very generously sized and brimming with perfect, delicious, extremely fresh veggies (and fruit in some!).  My favorite is the Avocado Grapefruit Salad...even though I can't have grapefruit.  The staff is always happy to substitute apples, oranges, or another fruit of my choice.  This salad comes with a bed mixed field greens, a sliced avocado, grapefruit, thin long curly tendrils of crisp carrots and beets, sliced cucumber, sliced tomato, and a generous sprinkling of toasted almonds.  This salad also might come with peppers and onions but I can't have those so I always ask for those to be held.  The dressing is house made fresh from scratch daily.  It's an apple carrot ginger dressing that is amazing!
If you are going to enjoy a hot tea I highly recommend the Green Tea with Roasted Rice.  The roasted rice gives the green tea a light nutty note that is particularly lovely.  It pairs especially well with one of the Sweet Toasts:  Honey Nut (sliced bananas, toasted almond chips, honey) or the Elvis Special (sliced bananas and peanut butter).  Choices of bread include Russian Black, whole wheat, and multigrain.  Tea is served by the pot or the cup if you stay - I prefer to get the pot.  It's definitely not too much for one person if you're planning to take your time and relax.  It's great for 2 people as well.
The Vanilla Oatmeal with honey soy milk is phenomenal.  I know, it's just oatmeal but...wow.  I got it one morning on a whim and was like, this is the best oatmeal I have ever had EVER.  It's just...so, so good.  Perfect comfort breakfast on a rainy morning!
Soy Cafe also offers some really unique coffee drinks.  For an especially indulgent treat I love the Espresso Milkshake (shot of espresso, 2 scoops of soy ice cream, soy milk, honey)!  It's decadent, delicious, and perfect for a hot day.  The Vanilla Java (shot of espresso, vanilla, cinnamon, soy milk, honey) tastes exotic.  I prefer this drink hot but you can choose to have it served cold, blended with ice.  The Mocha-cha-cha (shot of espresso, cocoa, soy milk, honey) has just the right amount of cocoa in it - it's like hot chocolate and espresso had a baby!  Yum.  All coffee is Fair Trade organic.  Inquire about specific varieties.
The Soy Special Drinks have some big winners too.  The Soy Chai has harmonious, balanced notes that come together with the soy milk perfectly.  Nothing is overdone (I really hate too much cinnamon or too much clove, yuck!).  The Cocoa Mint Soy is like a Girlscout's Thin Mint in beverage form.  Yum!
There are always freshly baked vegan and non-vegan treats at the counter.  They are kept separate from each other which someone like me with food allergies really appreciates.  :)  Baked goods vary by the day but there are muffins (gluten free sometimes!), chocolate chip cookies, cupcakes, brownies, and more.  There are even mini cupcakes and muffins so if you are trying to keep to a diet you can still have a little something sweet with your coffee/tea/etc.  And they are just so cute!  :)  My favorites are the cupcakes.  Ahhh, so moist and such yummy frosting!
And there is so much more:  wraps, homemade soy milk, fresh squeezed veggie & fruit juices, soups, sandwiches...  I could go on forever, lol!
The staff is always super friendly and helpful.  The decor is charming and welcoming.  The atmosphere is laid back and comfortable.  There is free unlimited wifi.  Go solo, go with your other half, go with a group of friends - this cafe is great for grabbing a quick bite or hanging out for a while.  There is even a little outdoor garden!
I really love Soy Cafe.  I can't say enough great things about this wonderful place!  If you don't live nearby it's worthy of making a special trip there.  Plus there is plenty to do in NoLibs after you've had your fill at Soy Cafe, especially on N 2nd Street right where Soy Cafe is located. Highly, highly recommended!Really enjoyed the vegan sausage wrap. Quite tasty!This place has easily the worst service of any establishment in the history of establishments.  They are the Comcast of coffee.  Sadly, I'm a regular at soy and go almost everyday since July 2016.  It's at least a 10 minute wait for a coffee.  Yes, 10 minute minimum to put coffee in the cup.  But don't worry, the employees will look very busy while they ignore you.   Decided today, after waiting 20 minutes for the coffee, that I'm never coming here again.I've been here 3 times so far with the intention to continue coming back so long as they keep doing what they're doing. Quite a cozy spot on 2nd and Fairmount, never too crowded, and a pretty extensive veggie/vegan menu. So far I've had:
--Tomato and Avocado Sandwhich on Wheat, which is a nice option for light lunch but enough to fill you up if you're not a big eater. Also served with a salad and a homemade dressing which is fantastic.
-- Miso + Steamed Dumplings - This was incredible. Great miso broth, served in a very large bowl with I think around 6 dumplings, which are also quite excellent. Will order that again for sure. 
-- Seitan Cheesesteak Wrap - I had to try this to see what it was all about. I've seen it as the special every time I go in there, figure lots of people are ordering it, and now I can see why. I like their wraps because there's a full salad in there. I cut mine up so getting bits of the wrap, salad, and seitan on a fork full is a perfect bite. Not too heavy which was my initial concern. Their honey mustard dressing is also to die for. Wish there was a little bit more of that for extra dipping. 
-- BBQ Pork Wrap - Tried this yesterday. Not bad.. I think I liked the seitan cheesesteak wrap better, but worth trying if you're looking to sample veggie proteins. 
The food is a perfect veggie lunch and is also prepared and served in a way I can respect. Decent portion, home made, and overall has a certain care for the way it's put on the plate. I also like coming here because because of the atmosphere. It's quiet, friendly, and comfortable. Will come back and try everything else in due time!The food is great here. Tons of vegan options. I can't imagine the few different wraps I've had here being any better! If I lived in the neighborhood, I'd be here all the time.Such a cute cafe!! I love that their menu labels the items that are NOT vegan rather than the ones that are. I had an amazing vegan gluten-free brownie and a vegan peanut butter rice crispy treat when I went. The surrounding area is fabulous and the cafe itself is unique and gorgeous. 
I cannot wait to spend hours there in the coming months.Phenomenal bagel. I got the one with vegan sausage, soy cheese, and tomato. So incredibly satisfying. It took about 10 mins to prepare, so I know it was made then and there and not a frozen one heated up. You can skip on the baked goods- the muffin was meh. The sandwich had so much flavor. Really good for a hungry weekday breakfast.I love the vegetarian cheesesteak wrap here-it is among my favorite in the city. The mushroom miso is also terrific. This is a very clean and cozy cafe with comfortable seating and great stuff to read while you wait. They also make a killer soy earl grey latte.Absolutely obsessed with the soy cafe. I wish there were more places like this around! Their juices are amazing and very affordable. They have a large menu selection and everything I've had there has been delicious. You don't have to be vegan to eat here. If you enjoy eating healthy and feeling good after a meal then definitely check this place out!Got a chunky monkey smoothie and a vegan ham sandwich. First time I had vegan ham and it was delicious! Smoothie was refreshing! the meal was great for the price.Beautiful cafe in a lovely neighborhood.  This is from our visit a couple weeks ago. We got nachos and some gluten free/vegan chocolate muffins. So good. Would def make our way back again. Thank you Philly Micro greens for showing us this place!Cozy place, friendly staff, yummy smoothies, but very dishonest pricing. 
PROS
* The smoothies here are delicious and incredibly hearty. I'm not one to get filled up on mush but one Black Banana smoothie (bananas, cocoa, soymilk, peanut butter, oats, and maple syrup instead of honey) and I'm not hungry for hours. It's decadent and rich and very addictive. 
* Service is friendly and not snooty and apathetic like some other cafes that are in No Libs/Fishtown-area.
* Good assortment of vegan baked goodies.
* I also love their stash of current mags they have on hand.
CONS: Here is why I can't give Soy Cafe 4 or 5 stars
* One of the  vegan brownies I had was crumbly and flavorless. I believe most of their vegan baked goods come from North Port Fishington, which are always yummy, but whoever supplies the brownies (not North Port) needs to tweak the recipe.
* I've ordered food twice. Bagel and hummus was alright. Tofu sesame salad was wholesome but the tofu is not flavored or cooked. I LOVE tofu--I even pop a plain, uncooked piece in my mouth while cooking--but a heaping plateful of plain tofu is not appetizing (I doubt a plateful of raw chicken on greens would be much better!). 
* This is my biggest caveat about the place. I never noticed until yesterday that the amount I was charged for two smoothies seemed off. . I calculated the price myself and realized they round up after adding tax and it is quite significant. My order, with tax, should have been $8.53, but they charged me $8.60. They don't use a cash register or offer receipts. I find this practice very dishonest (Golden Chopsticks on Spring Garden does this too) and if you multiply this by all the customers they serve each day, that's quite a markup. They should price their menu so that, with tax, the prices are a round number or they should stop this practice.
I'll think twice about coming back now that I'm aware of the price hike and I'll mention it next time. But it's so close to my bus stop and the smoothies are so good.Really love the chai latte.  Easily the best in the city.  Got a turkey and avocado sandwich.  The sandwich was fresh and delicious....the only downside was the bread.   It was grocery store bread.  Can I suggest putting your sandwiches from bread from Le Bus....then I would gladly hand my 7.50 over again and again.Great vegetarian and gluten free options! This is my go to place for quick and delicious vegetarian food. Also the sinfully good gluten free donuts!!Soy Cafe is delightful.  Cozy atmosphere, great tea and coffee, the entrees are delicious, and the desserts are awesome.  I always look forward to going to Soy Cafe, whether its for a filling and healthy lunch, a pick-me-up coffee or tea, or to satisfy a sweet tooth.  I highly recommend their California roll wrap, their chocolate chip cookies (regular or vegan) and the loose teas.very cute, tasty wraps, friendly employees.   it was a nice place to sit down and eat after walking around philly for hours.Excellent vegan, vegetarian, coffee, smoothies, and fish/eggs options here. There's something for everyone.Went here as a light alternative for a family dinner. Its a good neighborhood resource.
Good food served in a cafe-casual atmosphere. The smoothies were big and nourishing and the vegetarian options were excellent.I stopped in for a quick bite when I was in town for a few hours.  Absolutely awesome and wholesome food for cheap.  I had the taco salad and a smoothie.  It was all made to order and very fresh.Love this place! Went there for the first time after many friends raved about it. Great service, great smoothies, awesome atmosphere, and prices very reasonable!
The only tough thing may be finding street parking.love their ginger soy (with cinnamon, sweetness, etc). love it love it love it. 
place is kinda dim for studying though. good for chatting. free wifi. friendly service.Soy Café is a terrific place for a sit-down meal or a quick coffee and snack. Plenty of seating, very clean, outdoor patio, great art inside, and friendly service. My party and I had dumplings, a few different types of sandwiches, dumpling soup, and a "cheese steak" wrap, all of which were terrific. Highly recommend and plan to return.I used to live up the street from here and I have to say that I miss this place most in the neighborhood. Their wraps and smoothies are positively  delicious and guilt free! They should franchise!Tasty good food. I was a vegetarian/vegan virgin before eating here. It felt like the food was having a party in my mouth awakening all my tastebuds. It was so good I brought back friends on multiple occasions. My only reluctance was the desserts. Maybe I'm just used too old fashion sugar treats but the desserts were not as tasty as I hoped they be. 
However my overall experience was great.This is my first time here and honestly it was one of the best meals i've ever had. I got the vegetarian cheesesteak and i was absolutely blown away, better than a regular cheese steak. Will for sure be coming back very very soonVanilla Java.....YUMZ!! Mocha cha cha....YUMZ!! Vegan cookies....YUM YUMZ!!! awesome little place to just relax and kill a couple hours. Free wifi and plenty of room/privacy to read, work, or play rock scissors paper.Always love my experience here. It's a place for me to eat freely and confidently knowing that the ingredients are fair and plant-based. The menu is eclectic and offers something sweet, savory, and sometimes in between. I have yet to try everything on the menu, but so far, the Soy Wrap, donut, and coffee have been good. I would give it 5 stars, but the donuts were a little dryer than expected. I want to try more sweets for sure. The customer service and atmosphere get an A+.I've tried and tried to love this place because they have the best soy drinks I've ever had but this might be the final straw (pun intended).
the first time I went to soy cafe, they overcharged my credit card. I got a $5 drink and my card was charged for $14. they had me waiting for 25 minutes because they forgot about my drink. they then made me the wrong beverage and gave me a chocolate chip cookie for the trouble.
I've been back twice with average service. it's a little slower than most.
today, I went with my boyfriend. he got a disgusting green tea coffee (so bad he couldn't drink it and we threw it away) and I got a blended ice peppermint coffee and found A PIECE OF METAL IN MY DRINK. (see pictures).
it's safe to say I'm done with this place.Amazing soy milk. They have light food and snacks (mainly vegan stuff). Nice ambiance and cozy. During the summer, they have a nice outdoor patio. This place and the random tea room have my two favorite chai teas.LOVE this place - everything is fresh and really delicious!
The only reason I took off a star is because there are always 1 or 2 fruit flies hanging around my table :(
Overall I would recommend this place to anyone, with special attention to the smoothies. The pinapple bananna smoothie was the best I've ever had!
Also, the internet is very fast and easy to log onto - I've spent hours here working online.Delicious lattes and wraps. I'm only giving 4 stars bc the customer service is lacking. They could be nicer.Quaint atmosphere and attentive staff. The soup,  bagels,  and salad are delicious and filling. I have them five stars because they don't make the food the premises which means they use a microwave often (not a fan). Also their baked treats aren't that good.I love this place! For some reason, I love it, but always forget it's there, but when I remember, the experience is always perfect. The cafe itself is great, with lots of diverse material reading material if you're there solo. In the back there's a more private room to hang out in, which leads to a small outdoor seating area. The outdoor area is lovely, with potted plants and a draping ivy wall. Set away from the public street, it is a beautiful place to enjoy your homemade soy smoothies or healthy lunch. The other nice thing is that it is never too crowded so you can work/eat in peace. 
I tend to always order the green tea smoothie, which is so tasty and not too sweet. Recently I was lured in by their vegan dip, mushroom omelet, soy wrap and vegan bbq steamed buns. I'm not usually vegan/vegetarian, but everything was sooooo tasty! I love this place!I have been to the Soy Cafe a few times over the years to order their DELICIOUS smoothies, but this was my first time bringing my kid. My husband was getting a haircut in the area and we needed a place for a quick bite. I was worried about bringing my 17 month old into such a small, not-necessarily-kid-oriented spot, but all of the baristas were wonderful and accommodating. We ordered dumplings, a BBQ wrap, mushroom miso soup, a smoothie, and a cup of whole milk (for the baby). They didn't mention when we ordered, but it turned out they were actually out of whole milk. Instead of just letting us know and refunding us, a barista actually went out, in the rain, and got milk for my son. Amazing!! They even found us a booster seat. I don't often write reviews but I was just really impressed with the service here. Thank you Soy Cafe!I love soy cafe, and make an effort to go anytime I'm in the area. They make by far the best soy latte I've ever had in Philly, and I love the great selection of vegan desserts! It's got a very chill vibe, great to sit back and relax.I eat here often as its one and maybe the only Vegan & Gluten Free place in the city like that. Clean food, prepared well and server nicely. Menu has extensive choice in Smoothies, Shakes, Wraps, Sandwiches, Salads and Breakfast items. 
They also have those great Gluten Free donuts. Yum! I'm loving those...We were the only two patrons on a friday night.  We each ordered a smoothie.  I got the papaya and the bf got a mango.  Both were refreshing and the soy was great.  We also ordered some wraps.  I got the bbq and the bf had the steak.  I preferred my bbq over his.  There was just so many options on the menu that i'd probably have to check them out again.We come here at least once a week and it's always fantastic. TONS of gluten-free options and plenty of vegan choices too. The drinks are great and the food is excellent too. A real gem!Sure, the outside is cloyingly cutesy, but the waitstaff is wholly unpretentious and friendly, and the smoothies are absolutely out of this world. (I'm so addicted to the Milli Vanilli that I might bleed peach and vanilla). I usually get my food and leave, but there is a peaceful outdoor garden in the back, too!Soy Cafe is definitely has a cool idea behind it- j ordered a soy green latte and it wasn't the best choice, they definitely have better things on the menu!!Just tried Soy Cafe for the first time.  I am a fan!  I wanted to try everything on the menu because it all sounded so good.  I ended up ordering the snow soy smoothie and scallion tuna sandwich on black Russian bread.  Both were wonderful.  It was a lot of food!  Too much for lunch but worth it just the same.  Fortunately, I work around the corner from this gem so I think I will be enjoying lunch at Soy Cafe quite often.I am new to Philadelphia, and as a foodie, I've been eager to find restaurants with nice atmosphere and of course, delicious fresh food. I'd heard about Soy Cafe and am so glad I found it. The cafe is terrific in every way, welcoming staff, comfy seating (check out the outdoor patio!!) and lovely art too. But it is the food that really shines. Every element in my veggie pho was distinct and fresh. I couldn't imagine eating the large portion, thinking it could be shared, but it was so good, I polished it off. I took a few desserts with me for later. The baked donuts, and muffin were amazing. I am not gluten-free, and usually can taste gluten free, but not here. These treats were delicious. I will be a regular, and while I am vegan, I'll be bringing my omni friends. The food is exceptional-- for everyone.Love the vegan iptions this place has to offer.  Interestingl, the food is tasty and not just soy. The presentation of the food is also very nice. Good thing is tht the food is made right in front of you. So, you can judge the hygiene of this place.  Liked it much. Chillled out atmosphere. Just, that there were only 2 people working on orders , and so it was slow. Also, the menu were right in front of thw cashier rather than display board. So, u take time to decide while people behind u are waiting to order. Otherwise, this place is good and I recommend it.Ahhhh, Soy Cafe. Passing through Northern Liberties while out running errands on Sunday morning, I decided it was time for a cool beverage, perhaps something to take the place of the breakfast I hadn't consumed yet. I've always wanted to try Soy Cafe and I'm glad I finally had a chance to. 
The cafe itself is comfortable and bright. They have magazines you can read if you feel like hanging out and as far as I could tell they were relatively current magazines (you know how I feel about old magazines and if you don't know now you know - I hate them A LOT). The people working there are doing their own thing, but friendly and ready to whip you up something delicious, which I like. If I wanted to sit there for half an hour while I enjoyed my smoothie, I don't think they would have cared or given me the side eye.
I browsed their long list of smoothies, most (all?) containing their homemade soymilk. I picked the Shrek smoothie - honeydew, kiwi, tofu, soymilk & honey. So good! It tasted fresh and was very satisfying. I also fet good about the added benefits of drinking a serving protein.
The price here for a smoothie is right, also. They have a pretty wide variety of food, including many vegetarian options, sandwiches, wraps, and some interesting items not usually found at your regular cafe. I'm looking forward to trying some of these things in the future. I'll probably make this a pitstop on my weekend errand runs around town. Five!I love that there is a vegan spot so nearby. I've tried the shakes and sandwiches and was very satisfied. It would be great if they were open earlier for breakfast. But in the meantime I will still patronize them ;-)God, I have no idea what took me so long to try this place after they re-opened at their new address. I am hitting myself over the head for all the missed opportunities of incredible soy shakes and that damn delicious spicy tuna sandwich. 
Every visit has been the same. Very nice and welcoming staff and great shakes. I try to get a different one each time but I get stuck on the heavier ones that have oatmeal in them. Something about drinkable oatmeal just turns me on. 
I usually eat in since its very welcoming. When I am eating solo I prefer the bar type area where they have a good selections of magazines and the standard PW and CP to read. There are also a few tables with chairs and comfy sofas or a small outdoor eating area that is pretty nice.  
If you are in the area you should definitely check it out and dont let the soy turn you off. The drinks dont taste chalky or anything like that. I have never tried the coffee so I cant recommend that but get any shake and you will be more than satisfied!Walked past it many times and finally decided to try it out. I ordered wraps for myself and my boyfriend, then decided to have a little soy ice cream as well. I ordered chocolate, and asked the woman behind the counter how much ice cream came in the order. She said she thought it was two scoops and I said ok - no complaint, totally fine with me, I only wanted a little anyway. After a bit, she went to the back to get it. She came out carrying a carton of So Delicious, like a deer in headlights, telling me they were out of chocolate. No problem, I said, vanilla's fine. She came out with the vanilla carton, and gave me three scoops. That's so nice, I thought! She's giving me an extra scoop because they're out of chocolate! Nope - I was charged $1.25 for an extra scoop of ice cream I never asked for that I could've gotten myself.
Can't say much about the food because I don't even remember what I ordered, so I guess it was fine.I am seriously addicted to their smoothies!  And they are healthy to boot!  They make their own soy milk here -- how, I don't know, but it's pretty amazing.  The fruit smoothies are not overwhelmingly sweet, just light and refreshing.  Many a time I have finished a smoothie and immediately wished I had another.  Also, although I love bananas I usually hate them in smoothies because they overpower all the other flavors, but not at Soy Cafe.  It adds a nice creamy consistency without taking away from the other flavors.
Some of my favorites are:
Mango Mama - Mangos, mangos and a smidgen of bananas, homemade soy milk and honey.  
Milli Vanilli - This one might be my fave.  Peaches + banana with homemade soy and the perfect amount of vanilla and honey that each brings the other flavor out in a perfect balance.
Tropical Tango - Pineapples, banana and coconut milk with honey.  YUM!
Black Banana - cocoa, peanut butter, banana, oatmeal, soy milk and honey.  It's hearty enough to be healthy breakfast.
Hello Sunshine - Pineapple + mango + banana, honey and soy
So far the only one I did not care for was the Fruiti-Licious, because it had waaaay too much orange.  Thats about all you taste.  If you like oranges than go for it but you could not taste the mangos, peaches, or honey at all.
I am still wanting to try so many more smoothies, and I have not even tried the food yet or other drinks yet!  They have tons of coffee and tea drinks I need to try, plus salads and fresh juices.  
Last thing I want to mention is that the decor of this place is adorable.  Pretty and contrasting, artsy flair.Places like this are the reason I'm really starting to LOVE Philly. 
Soy Cafe is the type of place I'd stop for lunch if I was in Brooklyn or the West Village, if I could actually get a table without waiting, and my lunch was under $8. 
The menu here is awesome. I believe they have over 30 combinations of smoothies and fresh juices, tasty gluten-free wraps, sandwiches with homemade bread, unique salads and desserts like peanut butter rice crispy treats and soy ice cream.
Besides the extensive menu, the place is adorable, brightly colored with plenty of seating and a cute, relaxing patio out back. 
Soy Cafe has good vibes, nice mello music and the servers were sweet too.
I wish I could hang out here all day and eat everything.
If I lived here I definitely would.Didn't realize how large this cafe was! There's a front room and back room with multiple tables AND a back patio! I haven't had food there yet but I have had a few of their juices and smoothies to-go and they were tasty. They have such a great variety of ingredients and options so it takes me a while to order, but the staff are also accommodating (like when I wanted lychee in my Tropical Sunset).Hubby absolutely loves this place, so much in fact that he didn't know he was drinking a caramel soy latte until just a few weeks ago, and now just orders it with whole milk, lol. I myself ordered a caramel iced soy milk, and it was delicious! I probably would have liked it plain as well. Next time! I wasn't able to order food from here, as I had eaten prior to coming here, but they definitely have me interested and I will def come back. The decor and ambience is freaking adorable and comfortable. How much for the sweet cat art!?Good vegan sandwiches, love that they're dog friendly. However, the vegan baked good need work. The cookies are meh and the donuts are not even close to the best vegan donuts I've had in Philly (think Dotties). And that's why I can't give 5 stars, since I love something sweet with my coffee. Lattes are yummy.Love this place!! Excellent customer service, atmosphere (with lovely outdoor area in the back patio) and delicious, affordable healthy food. I always look for places that offer lots of veggie options (the more colors on my plate, the happier I am!) and this place has all that and more! Perfect spot to grab a satisfying lunch after a good workout, or to just study! :)I lurk on yelp all the time but I'm usually too shy to review-- until now!  Soy Cafe finally gave me something worth writing about.  My family and I stopped by here for an early dinner after a day at the Zoo and our expectations were far exceeded.  It's a cute place, with cozy seating and very friendly staff.  They were setting up for some big event in the back when we came in but stopped everything to wait on us.
On to the food-- I had the grilled eggplant on multigrain toast, hold the soy cheese.  This sandwich was far beyond what I expected from a little corner cafe.  The eggplant was done just right (not mushy), the toast was just crusty enough without being too crunchy (and the bread itself was this absolutely delicious multigrain that I'm already craving again).  The best thing was the homemade soy mayo, though, which added a fantastic tang to the sandwich.  I probably could have eaten a shoe dipped in that stuff.  The portion was a perfect size, too-- big enough to be satisfying without being excessive.  Plus it comes with an ample (and aesthetically-pleasing) side salad with a tasty house made dressing.
My folks got the turkey pesto sandwich and the bella burger on multigrain, respectively, and both raved about their meals as well.  They also shared a berry berry smoothie and loved it (I sipped a chamomile).  At the end of the meal, we also snagged some vegan & wheat-free brownies to go and devoured them later (so chocolatey and decadent - couldn't believe they were vegan!)
To sum up, this place was fantastic.  Cute, delicious, and highly recommended.  I'm already devising a way to get back up to Philly and eat there again!I came back to the Soy Cafe yesterday - 3/31/2017, and I am absolutely loving this place (I came back to yelp after a long hiatus just to write this review). I wasn't going to get the mayo or cheese on the vegan wrap, but the woman that worked here explained to me that both are vegan, and I am so glad that I decided to try the wrap with the vegan cheese and vegan mayo! It was excellent. The muffins here are also great. 
The woman that was there when I came in (she may be the owner?) was so kind and really made me feel welcome (and the other woman working here that day was also very nice). I always enjoy coming in here! 
If you're in the area and looking for a place to sit and read or check your emails while drinking a smoothie or having some breakfast or lunch, this is the place to go!Terrible terrible service. Ordered a juice that was $5 (around 5:13pm) and they don't take credit for under $10 so walked to the ATM to get money out. Returned 10 minutes later at 5:23pm (they close at 6pm) and they said they are cleaning the blenders for the night and can't make a juice. Will not go back.This place is simply delicious. A great place for vegetarians. A great place to relax. My favorite things are the Betty Boop smoothie and and TnA sandwich (tomato and avocado). Most dishes are served with a simple but super fresh salad. The smoothies really are to die for. After trying just one you'll start to crave them. It can take time to get your order, especially if it's busy, so I like to call ahead so my smoothie's ready when I arrive. Best place to cure a hangover.
Indoor and outdoor seating, and even some shopping in the back room! Cute second-hand clothes and some locally made jewelry/toys. The art on the walls changes now and again, by local artists.
Cash only.This is a vegetarians/vegan dream! They have a ton of really great options including some really tasty fake meat wraps. When I was at Soy Cafe, I ordered a Soy Wrap with fake chicken and a Bluefuzz smoothie (blueberry and peach). I really liked the smoothie and the wrap was super filling. Usually I reserve wraps as a lunch food but it was enough I would be filling as a dinner. The ambiance is a cute little hole in the wall cafe with plenty of seating (including a more secluded back room). I will definitely be back at Soy Cafe soon!Got a strawberry twist smoothie with a protein boost since I was out riding my bike a good portion of the day. It was hot outside and it cooled me downi love the food. the philadelphia wrap is a staple when i order from here. salmon, salad, soy mayo on wheat. but the service is soooooo ssssllllooooowwww. it's best to call ahead or you'll be standing there forever. the coffee isnt that good. but the baked goods are out of this world. be prepared to pay out the nose. this place is very expensive. the staff is sweet, just in no hurry. cash only, but they have an atm in the back.Unusual fresh/sometimes frozen juices they concoct here. Blueberry lychee was my favorite one so far. They didn't make it taste like it was just a pile of sugar and I appreciate that. Im always just passing by a few times when I pick my fruit concoction up. As long as there is parking I am there! Cozy little hangout as well. I might have ordered food but I just don't remember exactly what I had but it wasn't bad. I like the cafe atmosphere and I will definitely be back because I enjoy the veggie atmosphere with a hipster-ish and colorful vibe. Maybe I can just hang out more next time.I guess the best word to describe this place would be *interesting*, in that academic sort of I-don't-know-what-to-make-of-this interesting. On one hand, the food was okay - my spicy tuna sandwich was about what you'd expect and the wife really liked her grilled eggplant. Nice large side salad with a pretty unique ginger dressing. On the other hand, I'm not sure how much I like the garage sale/Ikea furnishing and generally grungy environment. Perhaps the giant dog at the table behind us didn't help with that aspect of things.
In any case, if I had to have a sandwich, this place would be somewhere between Subway and Potbelly.When I go to a cafe for coffee, I am judging the place on three sides things: service, atmosphere, and coffee (duh).  Unfortunately both of the girls working couldn't even manage a smile or any sort of positive attitude toward me and my boyfriend.  Fortunately, the space is really super cool and artsy and almost made up for it.  The coffee was OK.  Probably won't go back next time I'm in Philly.The food is not great if you are NOT a vegetarian/vegan. If you are, this place is perfect as their menu caters to those food choices. The service usually just okay, not extremely rude not extremely friendly. Smoothies are very delicious though. If this place was open earlier during the week, I'd probably stop in on my way to work for a smoothie or coffee.Found this place, thanks to Yelp...Food was very delicious! I ordered a grilled cheesesteak wrap, and fresh juice, carrot, apple n ginger.  My sis had a bbq wrap, with bbq pork, and the soy chai tea.  We swapped halves of the wraps so we could taste both, and they were both delicious.  I did like the bbq one best even tho i liked them both.  I was afraid the bbq sauce would be too sweet but it wasnt.  It was just a tad bit sweet with a smoky flavor.  Ummm, Ummm, Good is all i can say.  The salad greens on the wrap was soooo fresh and crisp.  I also loved the homemade maple mustard, or something they put on the wraps. I would have ordered more food but cash only, so i spent cash on hand...I hate using those atms that charge me to get $$$...fyi...both were vegetarian/possibly vegan sandwiches, cant remember...edited 4/6/13Yo soy incredible!
Bad pun done.  Man I love this place, I intend on going back.  This is everything every health nut/ Vegan is looking for.... and for you others it's pretty dope too.  Most of the drinks are sweetened with honey.... BUT YOU CAN GET THEM WITH MAPLE SYRUP!!!!
I spent about 30 bux here on a date, and that is 5 dollars tip included.... and I still looked like a big spender.... ok so she knew the prices, but hey.... we had a good time, and..... I'm gnna stop making myself look awkward.
There is a drink called the Bugs Bunny... I felt a little silly when ordering it, but once I was drinking it.... not at all! It's the most delicious carrot juice EVER!
Great atmosphere.... there is a little nook where you can play MindTrap or read some of the quirky books they offer for you to read (Something about a Dragon in Kensington.... scary stuff).... It's very Tea-Partyesque..... I think something on the menu even says tea party.... best restaurant I've been to in a while.... here and there a REALLY loud blender goes off.... but it's charming in my humble estimation =).... and the prices are still blowing my mind!
Faux crab wraps with Avocado, Vegan brownies.... I don't need to speak anymore... GO...... NAO!Love this place! Awesome smoothies, beautiful indoor and outdoor seating area, friendly staff!Went here with 2 other friends. None of us are vegan so my review may not be very helpful for those who are vegan. My friend had California wraps which she liked. I had a cheesesteak, but I think it's lacking flavors. Like others have said, the place looks hippy and retro but idk I just wish to have more comfortable seatings instead of hard wooden chairs I guess.Having recently moved to the 'hood I'm so glad I acted on a friend's suggestion and checked this place out. Soy Cafe's space is beautiful and includes a large front area with plenty of tables and stools, a back area with a large table for groups to do work and a patio outside.  It's all very beautifully decorated and comfortable. 
"Soy" is the star here being that they make their own soy milk. It's featured all over the menu, especially in the diverse selection of soy smoothies. I had a large coffee (with soy milk of course) and the Sunshine smoothie. At 3.95 and full of delicious fruit it was definitely worth it.  The food on the menu and that was brought out to customers looked amazing; however, I wasn't eating here today. I think I'll find myself here often as it's a perfect spot to get caught up on work over the weekend.Great little sandwich and smoothie shop.  Surprised at how deceptively large the space is - there's even a patio out back!  I had a roll which was quite good.  Nothing super-fancy, or that will knock your socks off, but solid food at a solid price.Good food with a lot of vegetarian options. Adorable atmosphere and comfortable seating with great outdoor space in the back. I'll definitely return!Great coffee shop and restaurant..very clean ..wholesome fresh food ..great tea and coffee just love itReasonably priced vegan options. Today, I tried the veggie omelette.  WOW! Soooo packed with the freshest veggies I've seen in Mid November. Excellent taste and came with a great side salad. Coffee is robust and fresh. Tried a bagel with vegan cream cheese, it was really tasty but the cream cheese melted quickly. No big deal still ate it. Great and friendly service. Lots of seating and even an outside sitting area in a little garden set up. Must see !! Must try!!Yummers!
Totally addicted to the eggplant wrap...  haven't even tried anything else, but 5 stars just for my fave new sammich!Stopped in to grab a quick lunch while I was waiting on a job site down the street. I purchased the Spicy Dumpling Soup, added the salad & tomato cheese bread and a small red eye coffee. Yes, you may have to wait a bit but it's worth it! The soup was fresh and delicious, not very spicy but that's OK and it was more than filling. The bread was also very good, I still have the salad to eat for later! The red eye has me extremely amped up to do some work too :-)I love this place.  It is in a really good location and is so pleasant inside.  I know a lot of the decor is carried over from the old Pond cafe, but it works and I love the wooden bar.
The food here is tasty and made with care.  Same goes for the smoothies and coffee drinks.  Definitely worth the wait if there is a line, but they are usually very fast.So cute and cheap! Nearly everything is vegan, including their pastries! Nothing beats vegan donuts, especially with vegan marshmallows, which have been missing from my life. The price of the smoothies was a little pricey, at least that's what I thought until I was presented with a beautiful, big mug of soy goodness. This place makes me want to move to philly, and I'm from Pittsburgh, so that's saying something. Absolutely delicious vegan dumplings, had to grab another order for the road, because they were so gooood. A+++Such delicious food!!! Also, excellent service and decor! I'll definitely be back to try all the smoothies on the menu.I placed an order at 10:00 AM for a noon delivery because my lunch time is only 30 minutes. They were 15 minutes late but I felt bad for the delivery guy so I still gave a decent tip on top of the $2.00 delivery charge the restaurant charges. 
I ordered the shrimp shumai for an appetizer, it was ok at best. Very small and kind of dry. For the sandwich, I got the Toast On Nova, the salmon was great and the soy mayo was also delish but the wheat toast was so hard that it crumbled when I bit into it. They advertised capers, I think I may have seen less than 5 caper seeds in the whole sandwich. The garlic mustard dressing for the spring mix was decent.As a lactose intolerant aka severely handicapped dairy, soy, and coffee lover, I discovered that Soy Cafe is in my neighborhood.  They have great fusion-asian sandwiches made with soy cheese.  Many vegan options.  
Recommendations: vegetarian philly cheese steak: the secret sauce is the perfect combo of spicy, sweet and tangy.  Wraps are cut in cute sushi-like bites. 
Soy milk is made fresh on site.  The coffee and espresso is average, the green tea is true matcha, and green tea with brown rice, which is authentic.  Smoothies are made with real fruit and soy milk, and are fresh and awesome.  
Is it overpriced? Heck yes, but worth it for someone who is always on the go.  
As for ambience, it's an independently-owned neighborhood coffee shop that has mismatched furniture.  Art on the wall changes regularly with local.  Music is pandora and there's free wifi, complimentary newspapers, and the best selection of magazines I've ever seen in Philly, New York, or DC.    Bathroom is clean, always a necessity for coffee shop.
Minus 1 star for cash only.  ATM in the back.I love Soy Cafe.  I am always surprised that it isn't packed in there, but similarly grateful.  Everything is made to order and super fresh. If you are in a rush call ahead, but if you have time to relax the atmosphere and staff are extremely pleasant.  The milli vanilli, snow soy and funky monkey are among my favorite smoothies which are made with their homemade soy milk.  I've tried almost everything on their menu and love it all.  If you haven't been there you are missing out :)This place is really really good and I'm not even a vegetarian or vegan.  The prices for drinks are kinda high and I've had a few great ones and a few so-so ones, but the food is top notch!  I recently tried the steamed buns and have gone back multiple times just for those!  The staff is super friendly and it's a great place to do work because it's relatively quiet and there's usually plenty of room.  The place is also kept pretty clean.  They have two small tables for outdoor seating when it is nice out, which is also nice because I like to bring the dogs as frequently as I can!Home made soy-milk.  You've got to try it.  It's sold cold and warm.  When the staff noticed I was adding simple syrup to the cold version, they asked if I wanted honey added to the warm.  I much preferred the warm to the cold.  Sadly, hot or cold, the soy-milk was what I came for and it was only indistinguishably better than store bought soy-milk.  
While there I also had the BBQ wrap.  The wrap was very good.  The protein had a unique texture.  It was tough at times like beef jerky while being soft at other times like a pulled pork sandwich.  All in all the protein was perfect for this wrap.Great smoothies.  Food is super fresh and healthy.  If you had a rough night of unhealthy binge drinking, eat here the next day to cancel out all those kill the liver toxins.
The salad dressing is homemade with a very refreshing taste and all of the veggies used are extra crunchy.  The sandwhiches come with many different bread options and I particularly recommend the tuna they use.
The smoothies are especially good for all you late night partiers.  Chill out and detox.  Its a relaxing atmosphere.  Go ahead, contemplate those fuzzy memories from last night.Is it too late now to say Soy?
Cause I miss more than just your smoothie.
I'm Soy to say that I wasn't really into the Vegan Muffin and the Vegan Smoothie from here. Not as obnoxiously overpriced as some Vegan cafes, but also not as tasty as my favourites. One caveat is that I don't really usually enjoy Vegan food (I wish I did), but with the benchmark being Strong Hearts in Syracuse (the greatest Vegan Cupcakes, and the best milkshakes of any kind - Vegan or otherwise - on the planet), it's hard for anything else to come close.
I think we got the Funky Monkey which sounds like it would be right up my alley, but I wasn't thrilled.
My Vegan travelling friend, though, said that her half (or more than half in the end) of the Muffin and the Smoothie were excellent. Service was absolutely lovely. And since it wasn't too crazy expensive like other Vegan places, I'm more than happy to give it a 4. I think if you love Vegan places, there's a good chance you'll love this one too.
But as I said, when in Syracuse, make sure you try Strong Hearts, especially the Cesar Chavez shake and the Blueberry Cupcake.In this weather, the one question I had about Soy Cafe is, 'Is it air conditioned?' So, FYI, the answer is a decided yes, unlike my other favorite nearby coffee/study spot, the Rocket Cat. Good coffee, and I see at least 3 or 4 outlets for laptops (free wifi). A nice northeastern alternative to Good Karma. 
Oh yeah, it's its not part of Disney NoLib (aka Piazza/Liberties Walk) so that's kind of nice.This is my favorite food-related place of any kind in Philadelphia.
It occurred to me recently that I have probably been to the Soy Cafe close to 300 times in the last 8 years and I have never had a bad experience.  Not a single one.  That's pretty amazing.
My current favorite menu item is the Spicy Seafood Ramen.  I like all of their sushi-inspired wraps (Philadelphia, Spicy Tuna, etc.) and all of their salads.  They use the freshest, highest-quality fruit and vegetable ingredients, which combined with the creative dressings is what makes the food so great.
The smoothies are great.  The tea is very good.  The coffee is very good.
Fake meat is not one of my favorite things, but I have had the vegan sausage wrap and the vegan cheese steak wrap and they were both good, in my inexpert opinion.
The staff is great.  I have noticed that they have one of the lowest staff turnover rates in the food business and that must speak to something.  They are always friendly and inviting.
I like the decor.  They rotate their art every few months, maybe more sometimes.
The outside area is small but very nice.
Once in a while when they turn the blender on its pretty loud for 15-20 seconds.  That's literally the only bad thing I could say about this place.I work nearby and I often get takeout smoothies and wraps from here! 
What a cute little shop, great decor! And a great menu...
A little pricey but it's delicious.. And they make everything pretty quickly
I've had the tuna scallion, spicy tuna, super veggie, and artichoke all in a whole wheat wrap before. I really enjoyed the two tuna ones the most! I like the little slices of fruit they give as a side. And I also like how they cut the wrap like a sushi roll... Into multiple pieces. Much easier to eat and save for later this way too..
Will continue to get lunch from here!We stopped in here for a light dinner before a show at BB&T since it's right over the bridge. We've both been eating healthier so having a bunch of sustainable high protein options made us very happy.
The menu was extensive (though at first we were worried they only offered pastries and coffee). I ordered a ramen and my fiancée ordered a wrap. His was super tasty, mine was good and filling but a little bland. That might've been my fault though because I ordered the soup with a miso broth.
Overall the staff was very nice. It would've been nice if food prep was a little faster but it was nice to see the food get prepared individually and with fresh ingredients. I'd love for bigger tables, too. Good size for coffee and dessert, not so much for eating a meal.Soy cafe
Easy to find: (Well yes but we walked right past it so my boyfriend called to see where it was (we ended up at some location that closed). CHECK.
Cozy yet stylish: CHECK!
Super awesome people here: CHECK. The girl that I interacted with was super sweet and very attentive. She even came over with a bag for our items(when we were putting our stuff in a takeout wrapper).
Soy Cafe has an awesome seating arrangement and they have some very nifty reading material. These are not your average magazines =). 
Oh and the food. The vegan cinnamon buns were so good looking that  my boyfriend (omnivore) actually got (and ate) one. Yes, one; he ate one! And so did I, so I can say that they were VERY good: soft, just the right amount of cinnamon, and the icing was "lick your fingers good." She asked if we wanted them "for here," and we said sure (she warmed them up for us =) ). We also got them out of the wrapper and on to a plate. 
The banana nut (homemade) muffin was really good too: tasty and moist. Again, she asked if I wanted it warmed up, but I got it to go.
They also have some of my favorite drink options: water (Fuji), Viva coconut water!, bubbly lemonade, aloe vera (why is spell check saying vera is spelled wrong? Ohhh there is goes again, and it just did it again for o + three "geez") juice and some teas --- as well as other options.
What else am I forgetting? Oh and I should have asked myself that before leaving. We get down the street and I go "I want the vegan ham and cheese" *sad face,*" so my boyfriend told me to just get it. I walked back in feeling a little weird that I didn't make up my mind the first time, but they are so sweet and friendly here that my weird feeling went out the door, and I ordered up a vegan ham and cheese! I got it to go, and by the time we got on the El, I wanted to try some (I know there are germs, but it smelled so good). I opened it up and almost freaked out because the vegan ham looked so real! I thought I was given the wrong order possibly (the woman in front of me ordered sandwiches too). But a Google search later, I realized some vegan ham is super thick. (Oh and my boyfriend also tried it.) It was awesome. Super thick cut, taste almost like the real thing, awesome dressing, toasty wheat bread (you have an option of the type of bread) and a side salad. 
5 Stars for Soy Cafe (next time I'm going to try a smoothie; everyone was coming in for them). I'm very glad I found this place. 
They also have free WIFI, and they are animal friendly here =). This is a great place to order up a smoothie and a cookie or muffin and check your email or do some studying (if it's not too packed).Great place! Cute cafe scene and friendly people! I like there mini muffin, cuz then I don't feel as guilty for eating it! I got their famous Vegan cheesesteak wrap, and it was very good! They put vegan mayo in it and also a spicy sauce in it. I've fried my taste buds from all the spices I've had in my short life, so I could barely taste the spices. But I know my spice tolerance is higher than others, so what I find bland others don't. Just a heads up if you don't like spicy stuff, tell them to hold it. But for me, everything was perfect!Soy cafe is by far my favorite place in Philly for a casual breakfast or lunch. If the name didn't give it away for you, Soy Cafe is a hip vegan cafe where you can get ANYTHING your little heart desires. 
Whether you're craving something healthy (I highly recommend their smoothies) Whether you want to satisfy your sweet tooth, don't know what you to want or want a quick snack I promise you they will deliver.
I've had a lot of their menu items - but my all time favorite is the quesadilla. I ordered the veggie quesadilla with mac and cheese for a fatty night and I was NOT disappointed. I personally like a little spice in my life, so I would recommend grabbing a little hot sauce for the mac and cheese but it was otherwise delicious! The quesadilla was MEAL side and not the pathetic "here's your 2 pieces of broccoli" kind of set up - it was filled to the brim with melty vegan cheese, veggies and soy chicken. 
Not to mention everyone that works there is SO nice and courteous. Definitely not a "we're so hipster that we're in customer service and don't care about the customer" kind of place. So do yourself a favor - bring your smile an wallet and you will leave with a full heart and belly!Best damn place on 2nd street.  Vegan and GF for the Celiacs out there. Also has dog friendly outdoor seating.Soy Cafe, I heart you. Your homemade apple ginger dressing tastes so yummy, your smoothies satisfy all manner of cravings, and your just creative enough sandwiches fill up a hungry girl who forgot to eat lunch....but soy CAFE, your cappuccino tastes so bitter, it makes me pucker my face at each sip. I know. Soy Cafe is a fantastic healthy eatery--for which I am incredibly thankful-- but please please don't make me stop at One Shot for my espresso when I want to eat a Grapefruit Avocado Salad. Their food is also pretty good these days.This is one of my most favorite cafes in Philly! I remember them at their original location only a few blocks away back in 2005 I believe.
The space is warm and welcoming. The mix of vintage furniture, chairs, benches, tables and warm colors always makes me smile. They have a lovely, full vegan menu. i've become a fan of the Philadelphia Wrap, most any of the salads and Avocado Toast On.
Don't forget about the coffee and teas? They make mean lattes and have a nice tea selection.
When I do make it to Philly I come here to enjoy the peaceful space and tasty coffee and teas. It's so warm and welcoming that you'll never want to leave..really, I would love to replicate Soy Cafe and bring it to Queens :)Hmmm trying their Snow Soy Smoothies which is ginger vanilla cinnamon  soymilk aand honey..very refreshing specially this kinda hot day..but the service I think its too slow..Overall 7/10 ;)I walk by the soy cafe, twice - every day on my way to and from work.  Sometimes I stop by after I get off the subway to grab a snack or a drink.  
It's cute, cozy, and eclectic inside.  They have a variety of good reading materials to check out and there is pretty much always interesting people watching.  I like the courtyard area that is open in the back during the warmer months.  They play good music too.
I have tried several of their wraps and also the homemade soy smoothies.  The Shrek is my favorite of the smoothies.  
On many a visit I have really had to take advantage of the aforementioned reading material because most of the times I've been there, I put in my order and then waited.....and waited......and waited.  Sometimes the wait is quite ridiculous.  
I remember one time I was the only person waiting as far as I could tell, and all I ordered was one smoothie and I had to wait 15-20 minutes.  I was just about to tell them to cancel my order when the girl behind the counter apologized and I finally heard the lovely grinding noise of my smoothie being made.
All in all I like this place, but I would probably be more inclined to patronize it more frequently if the service was a bit more prompt.
Great vegan and vegetarian options, as the name would suggest.This review will be very similar to a lot of others. Food was good, coffee was great, portions were plentiful and it was warm & cozy inside but the service was terrible.
My family and I waited a good 5 minutes at the counter before even being acknowledged, the woman working this past Sunday literally kept her back to us the whole time making a beverage, no good morning I'll be a few minutes, nothing. The other woman making the food had a very strong accent and said hello twice but made no attempt at helping us or asking the other woman behind the counter to acknowledge us. This being our first time here we didn't know if we were supposed to sit down and wait for her to come take our order or order at the counter. Then when she did come over there was no greeting and no explaining the menu, even when asking questions is a very short response void of any details. We actually had to pay 2 separate bills b/c even though she saw that my Grandmother had moved over to the beverage counter to pick out a juice she asked me twice, is that all for now,  to the point where I was annoyed enough to just pay & then add the juice on later. Mind you, there was no one else in there but us. Normally I would go back to give this place a second try but based on all the negative reviews about the service it doesn't look like the owner is taking the feedback from these reviews seriously and with no one to help you natigate through the menu it's not worth it for me to spend my money there when they can't even muster up a simple greeting or thank you or take the time to explain some of the unfamiliar menu items.I love that this place seems like it's owned by a family who hired their friends. The wait time for a to go bagel was a little ridiculous. There were many orders who came in after me that received their food first. Their salads look delicious and I'll be back to try one!
I got a chocolate peanut butter smoothie that was a little too icey for my tastes.I dropped by Soy Cafe this morning for my post-errand running smoothie, as I have the last two Sundays, sometime around noon (they open at 11 on Sundays). I walked up to find the door locked. Someone who I've seen working there the last two weeks came to the door, peeked out and said "the counter person isn't here" and turned me away. I was like uh, okay, peace out, see ya never (at least until next Sunday if I feel like it).
I don't know what the story was, but in my opinion, it's bad business to turn away customers during business hours like that. Obviously someone was manning the ship and there were, seemingly, other customers milling about in there. It's a shame to have to give blah reviews to places you really like, but I have a lot of feelings and thoughts that must be shared, and it's also a shame that my business went to STARBUCKS instead of Soy Cafe. Ain't my problem.I haven't had food I didn't swoon over here, but a recent menu addition made me almost pee my pants. Taco salad!! Not your typical taco salad, but more like Soy's veggie cheesesteak wrap in a big tortilla bowl with avocado and that delicious dressing I could drink if she'd let me have the bottle.I love this place. The food is delicious, the coffee is great, and the people are nice. It's really cozy in the winter, and I love coming here to study. The music they play is great for studying, in my opinion.I was so excited to discover this place! Compared to Brooklyn, Philly lacks the variety of veggie options. I'm not a vegetarian or vegan, but I do love vegetables. 
This place has an excellent menu full of variety. The Super Veggie Wrap is amazingly delicious. I could eat that several times a week. Ginger hummus, beef, carrot, avocado, cucumber, sweet onion, green pepper, sesame all on a spinach wrap with maple-mustard dressing. That will be my new usual. But I have to force myself to try the other very appealing menu items.
The prices, totally fair. The hours, a lot more generous than I would have imagined. The atmosphere is like a cozy, artsy coffee shop. The lighting in the front area would push me to sit in the back room, but for most people, it wouldn't be a deal breaker.I don't come here nearly as often as I should, even though it's right around the corner.  Lately though, I've come to rely more heavily on food prepared by other people as my main form of sustenance, so Soy has popped back up on my radar because it is delicious, healthy and relatively cheap by neighborhood standards.
All the wraps and sandwiches I've tried here have satisfied in terms of taste, freshness and overall quality.  There are plenty of offerings on the menu whether you're vegetarian, vegan or neither.  What really wins me over is that they slice their wraps up like sushi rolls.  It's the little things.
This spot is also really a comfortable place to linger with plenty of high-quality reading material (New York Times, Wine Spectator, etc.) in case you forget bring your own.Ehhh I wish I could leave a better review but we walked in and there were two staff members with their backs to us cleaning. Didn't turn around and say hello we had to try and get there attention. Overall they were very unfriendly and acted as if we were walking in 10 minutes to closing while they weren't closing for another hour. PB and J smoothie was delicious and so was the cheesesteak wrap. We got the pho special and it was the blandest thing I've ever eaten. No seasoning what so ever. Would be willing to give it another shot.Huge variety of salads, sandwiches, wraps, and all kinds of other good things. Plenty of options are vegan/vegetarian, and there's also a huge selection of dishes with meat as well. Great spot for some lunch.It's possible that Soy's veggie cheesesteak wrap is the best thing I've ever eaten in my 3 years of being a vegetarian. Occasionally,I'll mix it up and order the vegan sausage wrap,seaweed salad,or miso soup...all of which are delicious as well.
As far as beverages go, try the green tea soy!!Came back for a smoothie a few months ago, and it was really good. I love stopping by this cafe. They're always very sweet and friendly in here, and the feel is cozy yet stylish.I was so happy to come back here this past week. I've been wanting to come back here for some time (especially after being reminded of Soy Cafe while in class---a group of students presenting on Northern Liberties added in a slide on the cafes in in the area, and Soy Cafe was mentioned). I felt like I kept being reminded of this cafe, but I just didn't get a chance to venture over here.
The vibe inside is great---very artsy and cozy! There is beautiful art on the walls. I love the setup as well; the chairs and tables are all so interesting. There are also a lot of magazines to read and a little nook filled with books (located near one of the booths). But let's get to the food!
I ordered the vegan 'veggie cheesesteak' wrap. It was awesome, and it was also plated with a few orange slices on the side. I love the mix of greens, tomato, melted veggie cheese and what tasted like mayo/dressing. It was just what I needed that day. The service was also great; from the young woman at the front counter to the other woman who brought the food out, both women were extremely friendly. I had my laptop out while I waited (I was studying for my philosophy final - by the way, this is a great study spot), and the young woman was super awesome about moving the plate over/accommodating for my laptop (my laptop was taking a large portion of the table up). 
The hours here are also fantastic! I got here super early, around 9:30 a.m., and I was able to order a wrap (brunch/lunch). 
I really enjoy coming here, and the street that it is located on is really interesting and nice to look at!On a day trip to Philadelphia from NYC today we ate lunch at Soy Cafe and I am so glad we did! Fresh, fantastic vegetarian and vegan food (with some pescetarian options), reasonably priced, AND dogs welcome? Be still my heart! The staff was super friendly, the decor is colorful and hip, and the cafe was spotless. We both loved our BBQ "pork" wraps and smoothies, and definitely order the fruit salad - the huge plate was full of watermelon, pineapple, kiwi, banana, blueberries, and oranges. Divine.
We will go back each and every time we are in Philadelphia!I had a great visit here recently with a friend who happens to be a vegan from California. We walked around most of Northern Liberties before settling here since it finally suited her fancy! 
I really enjoyed a green smoothie which was made of kale, cucumber, honey and celery. For my main meal I had a turkey avocado sandwich on wholesome multi-grain bread. Wow. I felt like this meal contained all the antioxidants and greenness that I usually get in a whole week... and I felt so good after eating it. (Now I get why my friend lives the lifestyle that she does and only wanted to eat at Soy Cafe!). 
Her meal looked tasty as well, but I was not a fan of the vegan gluten-free brownie that she had there. I will stick with real butter and flour for my desserts! 
The place was quiet, but the counter attendants were really friendly and helpful. If/when I am back in Northern Liberties, I will return.Tried my friend's smoothie -- hangover cure was excellent!!
My coffee (asked for iced americano) tasted watery and just SUCKED. 
I forget the name of the wrap I got, it was Philly something, but had smoked salmon in it. Reaaalll good. I like how they cut it like sushi, even if it makes it weird to eat. Very tasty and fresh. I would def. come back here and try a smoothie and another wrap or salad. Coffee game is weak though.I wanted to visit some vegan spots on Philly while in town. The menu had many options and seemed very interesting. I tried the Vegan cheesesteak. It was not what I expected, it was nasty and had a very terrible after taste. The Mac n cheese was disgusting. My favorite was the s'more dessert. I definitely would try something else if I ever came back.This is my favorite place for a quick vegan or vegetarian lunch in town. Ambience is cheerful but laid back. The veggie pork they use in their wraps I'm pretty sure required some black magic to create.I'm here, right now, in the middle of devouring one of the best homemade chocolate chips cookies I've ever had! Its really hard to multitask between stuffing my face and writing this review but this place is totally worth it. The atmosphere is your typical cozy little coffee shop with mismatched furniture. I'm sitting in the back room on a glorious gold velvet antique sofa surrounded by clothing and nick knacks up for sale. Its nice and quiet so its a decent place to get work done or read.
Besides the cookies the food here is really great! They have a nice attention to detail and presentation. Their wraps come out served like sushi rolls. I ordered fresh tea and was very excited to see the beautiful Asian tea cup and tea pot that it was served in. The staff is friendly too! Please come check it outDeliciously charming little cafe. I had the wasabi hummus & avocado on a toasted bagel, simple, inventive, and delicious! I am not a vegan or vegetarian, but I appreciate the taste. I think concocting meat-free, tasty options makes the food more creative and interesting, which it seems this place has embraced and conquered! I also had a house coffee. I think it was made with a French press; I drank it black and was very satisfied- it was full flavored and rich. I also appreciated the Asian flair (as a fellow Asian). I sat and read a book for a while, and then my friend joined me and we chatted for a while over our drinks. The environment was relaxed and conducive to reading, doing work, or chatting. 
I will be back! I am looking forward to trying more of the menu.Really nice staff and a well presented interior.  I guess the best way to describe it is if a coffee shop isn't healthy enough, try this place.  Green tea and soy rule the house.  It's not totally my forte as I usually just stick with black coffee and don't get too fancy otherwise but still, it's nice to know it's there.I love this place simply for what they offer. I loved sitting out back in the sun and talking with my friend over smoothies. I think they were a little heavy on the soymilk but I felt great all day afterward. Not expensive and a very helpful, courteous staff.There are those rare times when you walk into a business and you say..... Perfect!!! Well today I have. This place looks like it was created in a vegan think-tank. It's surreal. The wooden pews are broken and in fit comfortable. The decor is excellent. Coaches and the back and a space in the bathroom. Then the healthy  food is actually delicious. I had a zen peach with protein and I was expecting the chalkboard taste. But my mouth was blasted with berries, peach, and goodness.Nice vegetarian restaurant, in the heart of Northern Liberties.  Nice, funky atmosphere; very good selection of food; indoor, outdoor, and patio seating; very reasonable prices.  Unfortunately, I was in a bit of a rush, so I didn't really get a chance to take the whole place in, but I'm sure I'll be back sometime. 
(Also, the young man who served me - a recent Temple grad, studying architecture - was very helpful and friendly.)I was here again a few months ago, and I decided to sit down and have lunch at one of the tables. I had a 'Philly Cheese Steak' vegan wrap and a smoothie. The food was great, and the smoothie was quite refreshing. Everyone's really friendly and welcoming here; the atmosphere is relaxed and comfortable. The design and seating is really neat. Everything also seems to be made to order as well (except for some of the baked items). I also took notice of the location: This cafe is located on a quaint, charming street. 
Oh and there is more seating in the back as well as an outdoor area. I'll definitely come back here more often.I thoroughly enjoyed eating delicious and healthful food and drinking delicious juice at Soy cafe and I plan to come back with more friends next time. I ordered the grapefruit and avocado salad, a green juice and a chocolate dessert.  Their back garden is just lovely!  I also am very please that they do not have a TV.I live in the East Village of NYC, and am fortunate enough to have a wealth of vegetarian restaurants to choose from in my area. Our neighborhood wasn't always that way, and so it is the case with where Soy Cafe resides. It really helps to have an open mind in life when you try anything that's new to you, and no restaurant can make everyone happy. 
I have friends in Philly and make the trip down there from time to time and the Soy Cafe gives me a chance to to stay on track with my mostly vegetarian diet. 
Soy Cafe reminds me of New York in the 70's and 80's, when it comes to decor. The old vintage look has plenty of character, and as long as you're comfortable in an old world, casual setting, you'll feel right at home there. Today there are too many food and beverage chains, so to me this is a nice place that fits somewhere between an old pharmacy and a really old bar. What I like most is that it's a very laid back place that has tasteful accents. 
The folks who work there are mostly friendly and courteous, one shouldn't expect the kind of service that many more traditional restaurants have. That said, they get the job done and most importantly are community oriented folks. So as long as you have reasonable expectations from a very minimal staff service wise, you'll be just fine with it. 
I've had wraps, sandwiches, salads and deserts. Coming from New York, I find the pricing to be very reasonable, but of course that is relative. The food is fresh and quite good. The Semi Philly styled wrap was very tasty, and the salad I've had was quite a complete offering, which really hit the spot. I'm used to vegan deserts, and these deserts ( ex. Chocolate Cup Cakes) are fresh home baked and are up there with the best of them. I do find that one does have to acquire a taste for these newer vegan recipees, but once you do, it seems as natural as anything else that you've had. 
Having worked in restaurants on and off for a bit over 20 years, I can see that Soy Cafe has a wonderful potential to become a highly appreciated and successful restaurant in it's community. I just think more people who are into vegetarian food, fish and noodles need to know about the place. 
I applaud all the hard work that has gone into putting this place together, and sincerely hope you get a chance to try some different dishes so you can get a better idea of what is offered there. It's a good chance to branch out while eating healthier!I love a pretty tin ceiling.  For some reason, I thought these were a western thing and rarely found on the east coast, but in the past few months, I've noticed tin ceilings all over Philly (Royal Tavern, Franklin Fountain, etc.) so clearly I just wasn't looking up enough.  So anyway, Soy Cafe rocks a really nice tin ceiling, along with an outstanding guilty-pleasure magazine selection and a sweet-looking backyard patio.
But there's more to Soy Cafe than just embossed ceiling panels and the latest issue of Us Weekly...there are also mini vegan donuts (50 cents and ridiculously twee...seriously, they're doll-sized), giant pocky sticks (for contrast with your mini donut) and a host of healthy soy shakes, sandwiches and salads.  I tried a grapefruit, avocado and toasted almond salad with apple dressing that was pretty delicious and probably would have cost at least 50% more at one of Northern Liberties' various gastro pubs.  
For those of you frightened by 100% vegetarian establishments (or disappointed by establishments that you are hoping might be 100% vegetarian), I will tell you that Soy Cafe is not entirely vegetarian.  Pretty close though.Oh love. Finally got around to coming here today and I don't even know where to start. Should I talk about how delish the food was? Or should I talk about how soothing and perfect my soy latte was? Or how welcoming the cafe itself is? Actually, I'm just going to say that I've never had a better vegan brownie - soft, not too sweet and perfectly sized.Went to soy cafe for the first time today for an iced coffee and avocado grapefruit salad. The wait staff was very courteous and the decor/space was awesome! A little pricey that's why I gave 4 stars. But the salad was very fresh and the dressing was awesome!And so I recently started working at a non-profit near Soy Cafe. This may be one of the benefits of the job: being so close to a cafe that goes above and beyond in its food, teas, and baked goods.
To start: I am a huge fan of loose leaf tea, and Soy usually carries about a half dozen in addition to their iced tea selection. Just today I had their jasmine blossom tea -- it was absolutely terrific.
I will also here echo what others have said about the quality of the food: they give great portions, and have gone out of their way, it seems, to create a diverse and dynamic menu for their vegan and vegetarian diners. And while their food is unique, it seems they've also made it a point to remain health conscious. I would recommend this place to absolutely anyone looking for a simple but high quality vegan/vegetarian meal in Philadelphia.Our meal was very tasty. I had the BBQ Wrap; delicious with fresh greens and meat substitute soy protein with mild sweet bbq sauce. Paul had the sausage wrap and Rob had the quesadilla. All vegan and flavorful. I also had a papaya papa smoothie; so good. We ate every last bite and it was all a sensuous delight.Soy Cafe is my favorite lunch spot in philly as of now...I always feel good about spending my money there,The food is healthy,tasty,aesthetically pleasing and always physically makes me feel good! The Employees are great,kudos to olivia and graciela!! Also,there is a small outside seating area in the back of restaurant that is absolutely beautiful and perfect on a nice day!great study spot, I almost dont want to give it away. the service is always impeccable and the smoothies are as good as everyone says. Free wifi- albeit a bit slow, but slow wifi is always conducive to studying. keeps you from watching hours upon hours of puppy videos.I can't say enough about Soy Cafe.  This place really just does have a special place in my heart.  And not just because of the food, but also the kind people who work there who clearly put a lot of effort into preparing fresh, awesome food and drinks.
Their smoothies were my first love.  The Berry Berry is my favorite.  There is just something about Soy Cafe's homemade soy milk in the smoothies that makes them about 100 times better than anything I can make in my kitchen.  The Funky Monkey is so much better than such a basic peanut butter and banana smoothie usually would be. I also highly recommend the Hot Apple Cinnamon Soy on a cold day!  Yum!
Their food is also amazing.  My absolute favorite is the soy wrap (with soy cheese!).  The wasabi sauce in it is not too spicy -- the perfect level of heat. My second favorite is the grilled eggplant, either on black Russian toast or in a wrap.  Their sandwiches - to me - are the perfect size either for lunch or dinner, and are filling without making you feel stuffed.  Oh and can't forget their homemade soy dips!!!  They always have samples out and must be tried!!!  
And no review of Soy Cafe would be complete without mentioning their baked goods.  Vegan chocolate chip cookies are AMAZING and you would never know they are vegan.  Also they have muffins and cupcakes.  
There really is nothing to not like about Soy Cafe.  Everything is made fresh while you wait.  The food is overall very healthy and made with whole, unprocessed foods.  Staff is awesome and patient.  Only teensy tiny downside is that this isn't a place where you can order a sandwich and have it ready to take out in five minutes.  But that is because of the quality of the food!  (Hint: just order ahead if you're in a rush!)Lots of vegetarian options, outdoor seating, cool outdoor patio in the back, dog friendly, homemade vegan treats.I work nearby here as well and this is one of my favorite places to eat. After all these years I still have yet to try a shake!  The wraps are healthy, amazing, creative and perfect every time. Love going for lunch and catching up on New York Times or a magazine and sitting outside. It really makes my day coming here and being able to eat something filling that tastes fantastic that's completely healthy. Can't say enough about the owner or any of the counter girls too. Great place!Soy Cafe's smoothies quiet the ill-tempered ogre. Dwelling somewhere inside of me is a highly irritable hellion that may well one day cause me to lash out crazily and wreak certai.. Uh, the point is that I get cranky. 
I never could pull off being a good hippie. "Much too cranky," has been the diagnosis. Mid-day hunger has oft been known to be at the root of what's making the ole gal ornery. I can tell you that Soy Cafe's smoothies have been known to crush all that growling, tout de suite.
Thank you Funky Monkey, for your service. Your peanut butter, banana, oatmeal, honey, and soy milk have done wonders. You've been there for me too, Mango Mama. Thanks for reviving my pleasin' personality. Smoothies soothe the savage beast...temporarily.Absolutely LOVE this place. It's great to have so many vegan options. Not a huge fan of their sweet pastry items (like brownies and such) but they do a good job with the soups and sandwiches. They're dog friendly so it's fun to bring to pup!had the vegan cheese steak wrap and the ham and cheese both were great. would recommend this to anyone. Not all vegan they have items on the menu for anyone that eats meat.4w350m3!!! I Love the Soy Cafe...they have the best vegetarian cheesesteak I have ever had!!!!! WICKED GOOD!
Also, their smoothies are very very delicious as is their salads! AND they make their wraps look like little sushi rolls...really convenient to eat while on the go.SUCH a huge fan of this place. Their Funky Monkey smoothie is like sent from heaven. Tasty food and snacks, freshly prepared. Always a must-stop place when I'm in Northern Liberties.Soy Cafè is my favorite place ever. I've been there multiple times and only had great experiences with food and service. Soy Chai is a must also love their vegan options a lot. Overall,keep making this awesome soul food,people will never get enough of it!!! Thank you.This was my 1st time here- nice atmosphere.  I had their Chai soy latte- very tasty and warm.
The staff was very friendly and greeted you right away.
I am definitely coming back!For smoothies this place is hands down the best! They have some really creative mixtures on the menu and use all fresh fruit. My only complaint about soy is the food is really bland , this not include the deserts they have here the vegan cookies are very good.Super veggie wrap was so good and filling. Really crunchy and fresh. Also cute how they slice it up like sushi:)
Banana blueberry smoothie was big and really purple. You could really taste the soy. 
Cute seating in the backroom. Will return in the summer to sit outside.I hadn't been here in over a year so I was glad to stop by and find that the menu is even more vegan-oriented than ever! Vegan pastries, soups, sandwiches and salads, and all in a charming low-key setting with funky touches.  My avocado-grapefruit-almond salad was a very generous portion that included the leafy greens I always want as part of my salad, and was filling and  delicious. Staff is incredibly nice and it's just plain relaxing to be there. Highly recommended.The name may scare people away but a taste of the food will help them grow a pair. Very good, nice staff. Clean, they actually care. Go figure.Food is great and smoothies are good.  Unfortunately the staff lacks personality and very uptight as well as the owners reflecting a snotty and pragmatic side to them.  No positive energy.Soy Cafe has a healthy and diverse menu that has something for everyone - carnivore, herbivore, omnivore and gluten free. And food here is fresh and delicious! Especially, the smoothies with homemade soy milk is great. Staff is always friendly and the price is reasonable. Also, the decor has a really nice and warm feeling with great design. Great for breakfast, lunch and dinner.Not pleased with visit to this establishment.  Salad named Taco Salad for no other reason than they put it in a crunchy taco bowl.  Took forever to make two (2) salads, and then they were incomplete, missing the main ingredients.  The cold drinks were warm.  The restaurant is NOT air conditioned.  The counter staff are not helpfully, until one begins to complain.  And whatever you do,  DO NOT ORDER THE CHOCOLATE CHIP COOKIE!  -HORRIBLE!!  (My dog refused to eat it, and he eats anything!)Sitting here in the Cafe and am extremely disappointed. Usually organic vegan treat spots provide a more friendly and accommodating atmosphere. My coffee was lousy. I asked to exchange it for something of lesser value. She said yes, and then rang me up. Told me I already drank their far from average cup of Joe and said I'd have to pay for a new one. I returned my full cup off coffee and walked away with nothing. Not worth the visit for sure.Nice quiet reading cafe with a variety of coffee drinks and smoothies. I got a green tea coffee and my fiancé got a peppermint mocha coffee. Both were great. The vibe is very consistent with the No Libs atmosphere...chill, hipster, jeans and sneaks crowd, anything but pretentious.The rating is solely from the cappucinno I had. Namely it was not good. Maybe they were training someone because it was that bad. Maybe a WHOLE milk cappuccino was a mistake at a place called SOY cafe. Maybe I should have gotten a smoothie. Either way, I can not in good conscious give this place more than 2 stars. Sorry yelpers.Yay!  i finally got around to checking this place out today.  i have been meaning to for some time.  what i had:  a coffee, a multigrain bagel with soy cream cheese and the mango mamma smoothie.  
my first impression inside was comfort.  this is the kind of place that, at least on a weekday, it seems like you could spend the day there.  there are lots of cool magazines and art books for leisure reading.  the people were very nice.  it was quiet and calm.  just what i was looking for.  
i ordered the coffee and was glad to see that both soy creamer and regular 1/2 and 1/2 were available.  when i first heard soy cafe, i assumed it was going to be a slightly pretentious vegan pushing coffee shop.  not at all.  there are options for everyone, including vegans, vegetarians, the allergy prone, the lactose intolerant and meat eaters alike.  that is a wonderful thing!
i also ordered the bagel with soy cream cheese.  the cream cheese was indeed delicious.  my only complaint was that the bagel was not as fresh as i was hoping/ expecting.  it wasn't bad.... just a bit stale and blah.  even still, mixed with the soy cream cheese and the surprise orange wedge sides, it was very good. 
then, my mango mamma smoothie.  deeeeeeelish!  loved it.  would definitely order that again.  i felt relaxed and refreshed for my short bike ride home.  
thanks soy cafe... i will definitely be checking you out again.  the rest of the menu looks very enticing!Food here is fresh and excellent! The only thing I don't recommend is the shrimp on salad because it tastes old and rubbery. Everything else is spectacular and the staff are super friendly!Really fabulous food and great service. I was able to eat an entire huge meal without a single animal product. The food was exceptional. Try the artichoke sandwich toasted perfectly and don't forget a cookie. PB lovers will like the PBS rice cake too.  Oh, you can't go wrong with the smoothie either.The food is delicious, healthy, and makes you feel good. I also appreciate the cafe room which makes you think about what it might have been in the past. A place to eat slowly and enjoy.$8 minimum on credit card. Staff were attentive and knowledgable. Very trendy cafe with good lighting and ambiance. Overall, the baked goods were not that impressive. Mini-muffins were dry and noticeably bland. Interesting mix of tofu smoothies and straight soy milk. Specialty soy milk is eclectic. Had a black sesame soy. Freshly made soy milk is very different than what you get in the grocery store and super tasty. Will probably give this place another shot some time and try their hot breakfast foods.Soy has become my go-to spot when I'm trying to squeeze in dinner before embarking on my dangerously adventurous expedition...at Go Vertical. Everything I've tried there has been great, and I try something new pretty much every time I go. I love their fresh clean side salads as well. 
My most recent sandwich there is the Artichoke and Tomato on multi grain. I highly recommend it. And their drinks are usually on point as well. There are so many options, I tend to just close my eyes and pick. So far so good. 
Soy is also on my list of "I don't feel weird eating alone here" places.The food is great, and healthy. Large portion sizes, delicious (amazing) smoothies, good customer service, and an awesome outdoor patio. They also sell clothing, shoes, and accessories in the back. I love the magazine collection....definitely makes the time pass by a little faster. cash only...Wasn't impressed by the drinks or service. I stopped in an hour and a half before close to meet up with someone until they closed. I felt pressured when I was ordering. I was asking a lot of questions because I'm picky when it comes to my drinks. I don't like them sweetened, a certain kind of milk etc. the girl behind the counter seemed annoyed. I went with a steeped chai tea latte and she said it wasn't sweetened but when I received my drink it was too sweet and she said they sweeten it with brown sugar. Annoyed that I paid $5 for something I wouldn't drink any more of I asked to return it for a regular tea. The girl continued to be rude and act annoyed and gave me my tea without offering me my money back for the difference. There are definitely better coffee shops around and I probably won't be returning here.I have so much love for this place it's unreal. Their food is delicious and they have so many options, it's overwhelming. Their blended iced matcha drink is my all time favorite and I like that they add agave nectar instead of sugar. This is a good place to get work done or just bask in the hippie, colorful ambiance. The people working are always really upbeat and sweet which is nice as well. I also like that they use VegaOne protein powder as their added protein instead of a cheaper option. It shows that they really care about what goes into their customers bodies.With every savory bite of my delicious turkey sandwich with a tang of soy mayo (move over miracle whip), and sip of my smoothie I could feel my cholesterol falling. Soy cafe is one of those places that just makes you feel like you're eating well.. Perhaps deceivingly so, smoothies are notoriously high in sugar and calories but whatevs this place was too good!! 
Ambiance is a mixture of quaint coffeeshop meets old tea parlor. It's charming without being cheesy.. Workers were non-surly and actually quite friendly- which always seems to surprise me. The real stand out is the food!! Extensive selection of sandwiches and smoothies. I can't wait to come back for more "healthy" goodness!!I do enjoy this cafe for the healthy lunch options near my job. However, I've recently learned that the soy cheese is NOT vegan and contains casein. That might not be an issue for many people, but for vegans it is. And those with milk allergies or sensitivies. 
Unfortunately I've eaten the soy cheese here on at least four occasions, blissfully thinking I was in the clear of my recently-vegan diet. Not so! As I discussed with an employee there, they do have vegan cheese but it's not clearly listed and costs more to add to your meal. This kind of thing should very clearly be indicated on the menu, especially if you're catering to a customer base of people who are most likely vegan and vegetarian. Otherwise it's just dishonest and deceiving. 
The staff has always been friendly and mostly efficient, and I do really like the variety there. But this is a pretty big oversight that makes me feel uncomfortable about returning without asking a zillion questions about each order.It's cute, cozy, has great food and really tasty smoothies.
I love the owners; I think the people who work here try their very best to get to know their customers and ensure everyone has a good experience. 
They have great "light" food. I don't mean you won't get full, but that most of it is rather healthy. There are a lot of vegan and vegetarian options. In fact, you probably have to look a little harder to find menu items with actual meat in them. What I appreciate is that even though I'm neither vegan nor vegetarian, I never feel cheated in what I order and it's always very good. 
The atmosphere is seriously laid back and the owners support local artists by displaying their work (with an option to buy). There are couches, chairs, and a small outdoor area. Not a huge space, but you never really feel cramped or rushed.Best vegan lunch I have ever had! Wraps like the philly cheesestake r new takes on established stables without the guilt and indigestion.  The ice blended peppermint patty is the best refreshment on a hot philly day.  If all vegan foods r this good, then sign me up, turn me vegan!I was biking last weekend in the 90-degree heat 
    and I wanted something light to eat.
So I found on yelp this vegan cafe 
    and thought I'd go in on a quiet Sunday.
I got a side salad and a soy wrap with chicken... 
    the ginger sauce was finger-lickin'
I liked the wrap's flavor and the chicken's texture even, 
    but just to be fair I rarely eat vegan.
The ambiance is hipster and a little derelict, 
   but I think that's ambiance, so don't throw a fit.
It's barely two blocks from the Frankford El,
     but it's on 2nd street, so there's parking as well.
To sum up my experience, it was definitely great, 
    and out of 10 stars I'd give it an 8!I live in the neighborhood and have been to Soy Cafe quite a number of times over the past couple of years.  I mean, yeah, I'll probably go back, mostly for the convenience.  Their menu has a lot of variety, especially for a healthy-diet kind of restaurant.  Their sandwiches and wraps are all pretty delicious, albeit pretty overpriced for what they are, and serving sizes leave a lot to be desired.  I mean, really, is throwing an extra handful of veggies on that rice paper that cost you $0.01 but you're charging extra on top of the sandwich price for, really hurting your bottom line?
The smoothies are hit-or-miss, sometimes made with way too much ice which makes them slushy and flavorless, but usually pretty delicious, I'd say 7/10 visits.  Most seem to be around $6.00, which I think is still overpriced, but fair for the area.
The staff are the only thing that I could consistently complain about.  For whatever reason, almost every staff member I've dealt with here, over years, has been less than friendly.  Sometimes, downright rude, ignoring me as I stand at the counter smiling and waiting for service for 5 minutes or more. I understand you might be busy slicing fruit and unable to help right away, but a smile back and acknowledgement of my presence instead of a cold glance and returning to your conversation with your coworker would be nice.Amazing cookies,better than most non vegan ones. Food is light yet filling,though for a shrimp i wish they would give you more than 2. Despite that,I love hanging out here to take a break from  a day of work...great vibe here.I love soy cafe! All of their salads and sammies are super fresh and I love the salad dressing. They have so much more than just smoothies! The ambiance is really great: indoor and outdoor seating with lots of good local reading material :) I tried a little almond donut for dessert too; it was adorable and delicious. Very relaxing spot for sat or sun long lunch. Highly recommend.Came to Soy Cafe tonight to study in their back room and get a healthy dinner. Studying is great there, however the lighting of the backroom is poor. I like things really bright when I study (mostly to keep me awake) and the room is quite dark. There are tiny desk lamps but only illuminate in a small circle so they are unhelpful. However, it does create a more "relaxing" experience. They have a great middle table for group work or projects and small tables off to the side for individual study.
I ordered the grapefruit avocado salad and it was just as great as last time. I am obsessed with the ginger dressing they make! They give you an excessive amount which is also awesome.
I think that tonight I discovered one of my top 5 nonalcoholic beverages ever. Their citrus tea is INCREDIBLE. It is caffeine free (good for night time studying!) It seems like it is a white tea infused with oranges and lemons, with emphasis on the oranges. At the bottom of the mug there is candied orange rind and muddled orange. They even give you a spoon to stir it (or eat it at the bottom like I did). This tea is sweet, but having drank true Southern Sweet Tea for many years I can assure you that it doesn't taste anywhere as sweet as that. Citrus tea tastes almost like a lemonade, but you can definitely taste the tea and orange. It is so refreshing and addicting. I think I will have to get these at least once a week!Fantastic food, great service, varied and healthy menu! The wraps are all great and they can accommodate to special dietary needs (eg, gluten or soy free)I absolutely love Soy Cafe! I have never had a bad meal, drink, or treat from here. The owner is the sweetest and remembers her customers for a personal touch. I am usually here at least once a week to grab a quick dinner after the gym and do some work. It is a great location to get work done as well. I am so glad I found this gem years ago!Well it's over a year later and nothing has changed except that maybe this place has become even more awesome!!  I've expanded my menu. Their freshly squeezed fruit juices are great!  The BBQ and Super Veggie wraps are amazing!!
The also are no longer a cash only business!!  THEY TAKE CREDIT CARDS!!  Woo hoo!!  You've gotta go there!
PS Even my boyfriend, who is NOT very adventurous, loves every veggie-licious thing he's eaten from there. If that's not proof, I don't know what is!!Their smoothies and great. I usually go there to eat, but the 1 time I ordered over the phone they got my order wrong. I asked for crab miso & got spicy ramen instead. The cashier blamed me for the mix up, but I can't eat spicy food, I would have never told her spicy ramen... O.o
I'm pretty forgiving and willing to give them another shot, just not to pick up.I've only tried one item, but I'm nicely surprised by this place! They have a large selection of vegan menu items, and the place is really cute, well decorated, comfortable, and not too loud! 
The service was fine and the staff was friendly, although I wasn't there at a busy time. 
The coffee is good, and they have soy creamer and a variety of sweeteners.
The only weird thing about this place is that their food prep area / "kitchen" is just behind the counter. It's a limited space and I think they use the microwave a lot. 
Other than that, this is a great place, and I will likely return, especially if I'm with a friend or two.I stopped by quickly on my way to the Airport and asked what should I get that will make me never forget this place. The Philly wrap was one of the recommendations and boy did that not disappoint. I with forever crave that flavor, fresh veggies and goodness. It was perfectly seasoned and amazing. Order it. You won't regret it.Secretly, I am in love with Soy Cafe...afternoons spent looking through artsy magazines while I sip on  Lychee & Blueberry Smoothie are my favorite!
And, don't forget about the spicy tuna.  In a wrap, multi grain bread, croissant or just plain, its a taste sensation.  And it does not hurt that the staff is the friendliest in Northern LibertiesBy FAR my favorite cafe in the world.  Ridiculously good food and the crowd is just as good.  Just wish it wasn't so far from home!Last night, I met a friend here for a quick bite and we were really impressed. They have lots of options with soy meats as well as other vegetarian items and daily specials. She ordered the special, taco salad ($9 ish) served in a tortilla bowl and I got the artichoke & tomato sandwich (a steal at $4.75). We both really enjoyed our food. I would say mine was definitely up there for sandwiches I have had in Philly. It was served with a nice side salad of mixed greens with curly shaved carrots. The dressing reminded me of dressings I have had a sushi restaurants and was quite good. 
The dining area was really cute, they have a large table in the back room, smaller cafe tables as well as some couches and arm chairs for those just having drinks. If I lived near by I would be here all the time. 
We both wanted to try the smoothies but were full from dinner and didn't want to carry them around in the freezing cold. I can't wait to come back to try the mango flavored one.They use excellent ingredients and I LOVE the Funky Monkey smoothie. I trust my health with them when I'm eating on the go.Awesome fresh juice. In house soy milk. Vegan options. Bakery options. Asian options. Full menu. Try the oatmeal. Or a pineapple, lemon, ginger juice.  One flaw, anything "cooked" appears to be microwaved. But I usually go for drink options. Still love that I can bring my dog in.i love the kickin kiwi smoothie here.  and the back garden is pretty adorable in the summer.  the spicy tuna sandwich on the russian black bread is quite delicious, however i'm always hungry again like two hours later, and it's a bit pricey for that.Oh yes do call ahead, first time better and waited about thirty minutes. I didn't mind because it was lunch time, I grabbed a menu to order in advance next time. I didn't have a soy specialty drink, it's on my to do list though.This place is amazing! The atmosphere is nice, the food is delicious, and I love everything about it.
The only downside is that it closes at 9pm, which is too early for me...They wouldn't offer delivery because they were understaffed. It would have been great to continue to enjoy their tasty menu, but pretty hard to do if I can't even get lunch delivered on a busy and rainy day.My personal favorite is the snow bunny. It has ginger in it but it's not too overpowering. It's refreshing and delicious. I always feel like I'm lacking in vitamin C and on the brink of getting sick, so I always get the snow bunny-- hoping that it will protect me from all those people coughing around me. In case you didn't know, ginger is full of vitamin C! 
The other day, I tried their oatmeal cookie for the first time. It was amazing. I didn't think vegan cookies could be so good. It does taste a little bit "healthy" and not like Chips Ahoy if that's what you're looking for.Been coming here since I moved to Philly. Fresh, healthy, delicious food for a great price. I love the super veggie wrap! I can't choose a favorite smoothie cause they are all so good. All the girls who work there are super nice and cute!Soy Cafe has a cute, bright atmosphere. They have a posted policy against large groups, so be aware.
I usually get a smoothie and have sometimes gotten food. Generally, the service is relaxed (a little slow) and the food is quality for the price. I make it here when I'm in the area, but don't necessarily make special trips (although I probably would if they opened earlier for breakfast -- 9am is too late!)The Soy Cafe is a very relaxed and makes your food fresh, to order, so be prepared to wait when you order. Like other Yelpers have said, they have a posted policy against large groups, so take that into account.
The smoothies are excellent and the staff is very accommodating. I wouldn't go out of my way to go here, but if I were in the neighborhood, I'd definitely go back.