It's tough review to write and if I ever go there again I will update it. We were in Philly for a concert in Tin Angel and were short on time with no preplanned reservations. The places we wanted to go were all booked so we stumbled in here. We were seated at the bar. The place is pretty big with a few rooms, a little ran down in my opinion & could use some TLC. The atmosphere in the room with a bar was not cozy and it was pretty dark ( ambiance at the bar 2) The service 2 1/2 stars  - not refilling water, not picking up dirty plates etc but they were pretty busy and service was not slow. 
As far as food, in general it's pretty good and depends on what your expectations are. Menu consists predominantly of pasta and some veal dishes etc No lasagna though. They have specials every day of the week. I loved their free caponata to start. At the suggestions of the waitress I ordered grilled calamari as it is their popular dish, it was ok but nothing to write home about. Fried mozzarella was really good as well as veal porcini. Vegetables cooked just right with slight crunchiness. Gnocchi with asparagus sauce were melting in your mouth and if you are fan of gnocchi you'd love it. Obviously, don't expect it to be healthy, after all it's Italian and sauces are pretty greasy. Generally, I had mixed feelings about that place. I would not specifically chose this restaurant among all options in Philly these days but it worked for us at that moment and food was quite decent in taste. I would probably give them 3.5 but there is no option like that and 4 at that visit would be too high in my opinion.Great food and service.  If you park across the street, pay for a permit a the machine in front of the building.  They hand out tickets every few minutes.Always delivers a good meal.   I really like the veal medallions with demi glace.Arrived early for our 7pm reservation and was greeted warmly and seated swiftly. That combines with the two great drinks we had is the only reason this is getting two stars and not one. 
We took advantage of the restaurant week menu. $35pp and you pick 1 app, entree, and dessert (anything) and get and pasta! Sounds pretty good, well it is if the food is good!
We choose the grilled calamari and crab cake. The calamari had absolutely way too much "char"
taste to it. It absolutely overpowered any flavor the calamari could have had. It was like someone who learned to BBQ for the first time and went crazy with the fire! When the crab cake came it was next to a salad that was brown. TBH, it looked like the bag salad when it starts going bad and you throw it away. The crab cake itself was ok. Nice size and not too much filler. I think we enjoyed that see much because that ended up being the only dish we liked. So that's not saying much. 
The penne pasta that came next was ok. Pasta of course was cooked al dente. I mean, if they couldn't at least cook the pasta right we would have probably left right there. 
Entree time. The bass filet topped with crab. There is no way you can tell me that fish was fresh. I tasted frozen for days! Straight out of the freezer and not even the individually wrapped fish. The fish that's frozen and lumped together with freezer burn. Totally tasteless! All the veggies again....somebody was happy on that grill. The potatoes were the only thing ok to eat. 
The ravioli with 4 cheeses, mushrooms and spinach. This dish was not was rich and flavorful as you would imagine a 4 cheese dish and a sauce obviously made with cream should be. 6 raviolis, I ate 1 to taste....2 to be sure I wasn't crazy. Left the rest. 
Dessert~ I took the cheesecake. Sure you can't mess up a cheesecake too bad. The jello no bake cheesecakes are even edible.  BF took the mousse. There are levels to cheesecake delicious-ness. This cheesecake was edible. He did not eat his mousse. You ever had tho use Hersey pies. Well, nothing wrong with those pies, but he doesn't like them and if he knew that's exactly what it tastes like he would have chosen different.I went to this restaurant with my parents on a Friday night.  We had a 7:30 reservation, arrived on time, and were seated and served promptly.
We split up the grilled calimari as an appetizer.  It tasted delicious and was served with a thin buttery sauce on the side.  The portion size of this dish relative to its price was not good, however.  I know it was only an appetizer, but it really was not a lot of food, even for one person.  They do serve a complimentary basket of bread with a squash type spread with dinner, though, which was a nice touch.  By the time the entrees came we were definitely not in a bad spot.
For dinner I had the chicken parm with a side of spaghetti, and I have to say that both were terrific.  The spaghetti was obviously prepared fresh, and the sauce was perfect.  The chicken was thin and crispy and was obviously a quality cut.  Delicious, really.  The portion size was pretty much perfect.  By the end of dinner we were quite content, but not too stuffed to turn down dessert.
After dinner we split up a dessert sampler, which was absolutely perfect for 3 people.  It had smaller cut up pieces of VERY fresh cannoli with a chocolate sauce, tiramisu, cheese cake with a graham cracker crust and strawberry sauce, and a chocolate mousse cake.  Though all of our entrees were excellent, I think we all liked this part of the meal most.  With coffees, which were very smooth and not weak, this dessert put a nice exclamation point on the meal.
The service was fantastic, by the way.  They seemed to always check in at the right times, kept our glasses full (with fresh ice/glasses without me even requesting it, which would have been a cardinal sin if they did not), and were very friendly and down to earth.  They made you feel right at home.
The decor is slightly better than average.  For a place this solid, you'd have hoped for a little more, but it had a nice charm of its own.  On the whole, entrees range in the $20 range.  For three people, splitting up 3 entrees, an appetizer, 1 drink each, and desserts/coffees, the bill came to about $135 total, after tax and tip.  Of course this one was on dad anyway, but the place is very fairly priced if you aren't being treated.
I'd be happy to go back here on my own dime, and very happy to go back here if it weren't.Amazing find. I am surprised this place is not rated higher on yelp. Huge portions and very tasty food. My wife and I split a portion each of Arancini and Gnocchi with Bolognese. Both were incredibly flavorful. The entree was a touch on the filling / heavy side, but hardly a reason to complain :-) in addition, we loved the caponata they serve with the bread. Will be back!Another great group dinner at Spasso.  We visited Philly several times over the past few years over Memorial Day weekend and we always make a dinner reservation one night here.  Authentic Italian cuisine, delicious and with excellent service.  Their antipasto platter which includes grilled and fried calamari, prosciutto, insalata caprese, grilled veggies and more is wonderful.  The selection on their menu, in addition to their daily specials is extensive.  Their wait staff is very good at helping you navigate through it to help you make choices.  Their selection of wines is also extensive and reasonably priced.  I highly recommend Spasso, it's a can't miss.Great atmosphere. A little older crowd. Pricier but worth it. Crunchy bread comes with sautéd veggies and oil. The grilled calamari is fresh and cook perfectly with a delicious sauce. The Seabass comes cooked to perfection which the waiter can fillet for you upon request. The seafood risotto comes with a healthy portion of calamari, fish, and jumbo shrimp and just may be the best Italian dish I've ever had. The sauce was amazing!My take on Italian is that most of the  time its-too heavy, thick..but I was surely impressed by this place, as it came highly recommended by good friend who is Italian. We went here Friday night, in wintry mix.. My friend knows the owner & his fiance very well..He said that the veal, also this bean & arugula dish was great, so he got side dish of it. Their homemade pasta was De-vine. I ended up with Veal , asparagus, & artichokes, roasted veggies & potatoes. The veal was auctious, light & moist!! It didn't sit heavy at all.The interior was rustic, brick walls, had that Tuscany feel.The restaurant was huge, he was able to add on: extra room seating, bar, now an area they can catering (banquets)that was closed off..
Would I go back, I think so..found myself  Completely in shock how impressed I was with the food & quality here .The service was very good as well.
Return Factor: A Definite!!
See if the are consistent.We came here during restaurant week and my boyfriend and I agreed it was excellent Italian food. We both decided before that we would eat half of our dishes and save the rest for later - but it was so good that didn't happen. The chicken fontinella was delicious! Got the cheesecake for dessert and it was excellent.I'd actually like to give Spasso 4.5 stars - it's just barely short of perfection. To sum up why I like this place I need only mention three things: 1) homemade (not sure, but tastes like it) pasta, 2) across the board FANTASTIC desserts, especially the creme brulee and 3) the nicest waiters you've ever met. After two visits, I think the best dishes I've sampled (off my family members' plates, that is) so far include the ravioli stuffed with mushrooms and cheese, the simple but delicious fettuccine pomodoro, and a seafood pasta that includes a hunk of salmon on the top. 
Warning though that it is a bit loud, low lighting and cramped quarters. Makes for a fun, intimate atmosphere, but I think both times we felt like at some point the volume got to be a bit much. Oh, and parking can be a nightmarish and/or pocket-fleecing experience. Overall, though, this is definitely a new Philly favorite!The specialty scallops positano was terrible. No one should ever order it. Price of $29 for three scallops each the size of a quarter.  The seafood was not fresh. The pasta is cooked al dente and difficult to digest. Parking is problematic. Also this restaurant needs to be cleaned and install upgraded amenities in restrooms (usually standard in any restaurant built in the last fifty years).I hate to be a jerk, this place may be fantastic but I will never know. My husband and I were in Philly for the weekend, staying at the Sheraton Society Hill. Our concierge suggested Spasso's. We have been to Philadelphia too many times to count, and wanted to try something new and with my husband running the Philly Marathon the next day we needed an early pasta dinner. So around 5 PM we ventured over and walked in for a table for two. This very snippy young lady told us we needed reservations. I said OK, looking around there were maybe a handful of patrons. We left. Outside, walking along the second dinning room with MANY tables, there were, again only a handful of patrons. I was angry and could not understand how at 5 PM with an empty dinning room how they could turn away a table for two. Sad.I don't know how this happened, but I just realized I've never reviewed Spasso.
Yelp introduced me to Spasso at an Elite event in... '08 maybe? Let's just say I've been back many  times since then. 6 times in the past 6 months to be exact. Everything from lunch with co-workers, to a first date, to birthday celebrations, to a large (80+ ppl) party.
There has never been one single thing that I can complain about at Spasso. The food is PHENOMENAL - Everyone I've EVER taken here says "wow, that was REALLY good" - and the service is IMPECCABLE. Whether you're dressed in black tie, or in jeans and flip flops (my uniform of choice), you'll never feel out of place.
I try a different dish every time I go, and halfway through the menu, I have never been disappointed.
The fact that all of this excellence comes so inexpensive is like mind-blowing.OMG everything I had There was so so good. I had the chicken marsala, but let's start with the salad. It was a Caesar salad. And when I first looked at it, I thought " hey they put too much dressing on this" , but as I started eating it it was lovely, with a hint of spices somehow. Then you get the pasta and vodka blush sauce (that alone could've been my meal) , and I would've been happy.  And alas the chicken marsala was divine. Don't know if I've ever had a greater meal than this. And then the TIRAMISU came out... oh God!This place was amazing! We decided to go out for date night, it was an added plus that it was restaurant week. We chose Spasso because it seemed to be the only place where you could choose from the entire menu excluding the specials. We expected half size or small portions because of the price. The place is gorgeous, looks like an authentic Italian restaurant. The staff was really nice and our server was extremely charismatic. I had the antipasto as an appetizer (ginormous portion), it was delicious. I went with a Spasso favorite which was the crab stuffed ravioli, which was also a large portion and it was delicious. We decided to share desserts I had the cheese cake which was phenomenal and she had the tiramisu. The tiramisu was honestly one of the best I have ever had. I will be returning! 
Two very enthusiastic thumbs up!Normally 4 stars but we were very disappointed with the meal and the service. The male server with a very strong Italian accent was more interested in the woman in the next booth, flirting and BSing during our visit. We had to ask a number of time for water, took forever to get our check, food was cold and when we mentioned it , they took it back and they just heated the macaroni and seafood. Came back mushy and the seafood was never returned. Now I'm having second thoughts about returning, the other couple were also displeased.Really enjoyed the grilled octopus appetizer and veal saltimbocca.  Friendly service.My wife and I went here for valentine's day.  We were promptly seated and ordered drinks.  We heard the pasta was homemade, so we wanted to make sure one of our meals included the pasta.  A few of the entrees we wanted didn't come with pasta, but we found some great dishes.  I got the Veal Saltimbocca and my wife ordered some seafood pasta dish.  We also heard the calamari was very good, so there was some of that in her dish.  We wanted dessert, so no appetizers for us.  Our food arrived quickly and looked really good.  I thoroughly enjoyed my veal and it was cooked very nicely.  The linguine was delicious from my wife's plate as was the calamari.  The only thing my wife didn't enjoy, was the shrimp.  It seemed overcooked.  After another round of drinks, we ordered a creme brulee cheese cake.  That dessert was so good.  It was more cheesecake, with a creme brulee top, but we loved it.   
A lot of the other wait staff seemed better than our waitress, but everyone was friendly.  They gave us a carafe of water for the table, which allowed us to refill as needed.How this place has an overall rating of 4-stars amazes me.  
So, here's my theory...  Because the food is so good, that aggravates most people... I mean, who wants a perfect Italian meal? I know it sure as hell bothers me when everything comes out perfect and tastes even better... makes my blood boil.  And so, these happy customers take it out on Spasso's by giving them one-less star.  That's my story and I'm sticking to it.
Lobster ravioli, grilled calamari and chicken parmesan were as deep as my wife and I had ventured, but we're definitely going back for more.Do not even think about wasting your time or money on this dump. It began with a bored hostess, an in attentive sever, mediocre food.    Pathetic.Food and service were good. Had the jumbo shrimp dish and it was delicious--very generous portions. Friends had the shrimp pasta and enjoyed it, other had very good meatballs. Overall tasty, warm place, atmosphere is average, great for a large group.Excellent italian food that never disappoints. The arancini (rice balls) and grilled calimari are an excellent starter. The shrimp fradiavalo is to die for.
The service was prompt but not hovering. Would definitely recommend.This place is awesome. Came here with a group of four on a pretty busy weekend night and were seated pretty promptly.  Our waitress was very nice and accommodating to our questions about the menu and the wine. She recommended a delicious bottle of wine...we had two. All four of us really enjoyed our meals and the grilled calamari appetizer we shared was delicious. Probably the best grilled squid I've had. This place is located at the end of South Street not far from Penn's Landing. Surprisingly, there were a number of pretty convenient parking spaces right across the street from the restaurant. This place is A LOT bigger than it appears from the street and front dining room. There is another dining room towards the back that is out of sight. So this place can accommodate some pretty large parties.  Prices were very reasonable, and food quantities were more than adequate. My  mother couldn't even finish her cioppino. The clams vongole (my entree) was delicious and I recommend it.  The atmosphere was quite nice and overall the experience was pleasant and memorable.  I'll definitely be back.My boyfriend and I had a truly disappointing experience at Spasso last week.
First of all, the service was just really weird. Our waitress only addressed my boyfriend, never once acknowledging me unless I spoke. She asked him for his order, how his food was, if he needed refills, etc. I had to interject every time! So strange.
The food was lackluster to say the least. Cold bread with an overly vinegar-y tapenade to start. We shared the bruschetta which was far too light on the tomatoes and so heavy on the oil that it was literally dripping down our chins are we bit into the crunchy bread. Ick.
My gnocchi was mushy and the gorgonzola sauce required quite a bit of pepper and salt. Boyfriend's steak was cooked fine but the mushroom demi glace tasted like brown gravy and his side of potatoes were actually chewy.
My boyfriend liked the décor but personally I felt it was a bit dingy.
There are far better options for Italian in this city. I wouldn't waste my time here again.Excellent food and service. We shared the scallops and they were delicious and the waiter was very helpful and accommodating. Nice ambience.I love eating at this place for their Italian food! I go every year for my birthday dinner  and a couple other times throughout the year and look forward to it every time! The mussels are great and the pastas are fantastic. I've had a wide variety of items on the menu and I've never been disappointed. Service has always been wonderful and they they know their menu. Save room for dessert because the creme brûlée is awesome. I've recommend it to all my friends and they are hooked on this place too!Very good shrimp fra diavolo and gnocci bolognese, food quality holds and is quick when ordered for take out tooI went here for restaurant week last year, and it did not disappoint.  It was nice to go into the city and not have to search for parking or park far.  They have a lot right outside of restaurant.  We had a large party of 12, but we were seated right away a nice big round table that allowed us to converse and see eachother without having to look down the table.  Our waiter was outstanding and very knowledgeable about the food.  The food was outstanding.  I can be very picky about Italian, but this stuff was very authentic and delicious.  The portions were large and most of us left with carry out boxes.  The prices are very reasonable, and I look forward to going back.  They opened up another one in Media a while back that I haven't tried yet, but I will definitely be getting there soon.The clams in white wine were excellent. I had the soft shell crab with angel hair special which was excellent. Nice selection of wine reasonably priced. The service was friendly. Surrounded by parking lots which is a plus.I am giving 2 out of 5 because I haven't actually eaten here yet.  My husband and I wanted to go for dinner on New Years, before seeing the fireworks. About 4 days in advance, I made a reservation without any problems and we thought we were set. Unfortunately, they must have a policy about reconfirming reservations, as they called the night before and gave us only an hour to return the call before canceling our reservation.  We aren't roped to our phones, so we missed the call and our reservation.  I was very disappointed with how we were treated.Looking for a meal while enjoying a beautiful Sunday out in the city. This was arguably one of the worst meals I've eaten in a long time. The food was generic at best. Olive garden had better Italian. The service was almost non existent. We were only able to get one glass of wine through dinner because the waiter never came to order another. The only redeeming part was that the wine was terrible and tasted like it was opened for days. Perhaps we didn't need a second glass.
I am clueless how this had for stars with almost 200 reviews. Everything was heavy, one note, and not enjoyable. I would honestly rather go to Olive garden any day over this restaurant.Everything was delicious! I highly recommend everything we got:
grilled calamari - grilled to perfection! 
crab ravioli
zuppa di pesce - lots of seafood. Our favorite of the night.  
paparadelle procini - the pasta was a bit too hard for my taste, but the flavor was great.Fettuccine Alfredo on point. Great serving size. My gf loves their grilled calamari and gnocchi! Best of all I love the tiramisu.Great Italian place. The meal started with complimentary roasted vegetables which were excellent. The Zuppa di pesce was delicious and huge. Calamari were tender. The pomodoro sauce was delicious. I'm going back. I need to have the whole menu.I had my graduation dinner at Spasso. The place was huge and they treated us well. The food was very good and everyone left full. I will go back to sit outside with a smaller party.We went here with another couple. The atmosphere was fun waiters were attentive. We started with polenta and mushrooms and mussels both were delicious!! So many mussels!  I had a mixed drink the guys had beer. My boyfriend ordered the special pasta with scallops and I had Spasso penne. It was so tasty. In a light tomato cream sauce with ham mushrooms and peas. Then my girlfriend and I split the profiterole. It was huge and yummy. We all loved this place!! Thank you!!Why is the US obsessed with TV's????????? We felt as if we were in a Sears or Best Buy showroom only the food was better!
The place is deservedly busy but why oh why does one need two flat screen TV's in the actual restaurant area???????? There are three behind the bar and the other two really detract from the atmosphere and give the place a cheap sports bar feel, when the food states other things. The pasta dishes were generous, if a little traditional in style but the food was tasty.
We were disappointed as the kitchen does a fine job and the staff seem friendly and we had acceptable service, but the overbearing visual assault of 5 different channels from sport to CNN kills the atmosphere. I wanted to chat and soak up a special evening instead I was getting live Ferguson news updates mixed with basketball, baseball and other bloody sports....so at night time couldn't they switch the fecking TV's off????
You may deduce I don't get sport...and certainly I don't expect it to be thrust at me in a good Italian restaurant....maybe I'm old fashioned but I actual want to talk over dinner!We were in Philly for a day trip and after a long day of exploring, we wanted a hearty Italian meal. As if fate was smiling upon us, our Uber driver missed a turn and ended up dropping us off in front of Spasso instead of the parking garage holding our car a 100 feet away. It was 4:50p on Tuesday and the little shop looked delightfully quiet. No wait and potentially great Italian food? Count me in! We strolled In wearing causal clothing and did not feel looked down upon. The wait staff was extremely attentive and kind. I did the meal deal that included an app, entree, and dessert (fantastic price too). We had the grilled calamari for the app. It tasted very fresh but was definitely under seasoned. The bread with olive oil and veggie spread was delectable. My entree was a fresh tasting Linguine Ponza that had great tasting pieces of shrimp and crab meat throughout. Very hearty! For dessert we had the creme brûlée which simply melted on your tongue. Overall a great meal that leaves you pleasantly full with a wait staff that works hard to ensure you are content.This restaurant has been around for years for a reason.  Consistently good mid-priced Italian food.  Although the menu has been relatively stable for a long time (however they always have specials), the choices are interesting.  Nice sauces.Went here for my sister's high school graduation last week. Food was very good overall. 
I got the crabcake as an appetizer with the pesto risotto as a main course.  I also sampled some of my mother's mussels. My only complaint is that some of the waitstaff seemed a little incompetent. Everything else was smooth and our bill came to $350-something plus tip for a party of 9 including drinks and dessert. 
Would return.I have been here so many times, it is a nice Italian go to in Philly. 
It's nothing crazy, but the food is well above average, the portions are good and the prices are very fair.  I have had great service every time I have come here, even on a busy day such as Valentines Day. Which, btw, even though it was super crowded, it was still enough room for my bf and I to have a romantic and quiet dinning experience.
I would definitely recommend this place!Reasonable prices, cool ambiance, decent food, nice wait staff. Food was pretty good. Chicken parm hit the spot. The place definitely provides a real Italian feel, the first I've felt in Philly. Additionally, the restaurant attracted a lively, jovial crowd that makes patrons feel welcomed.Walked in and the hosts/servers across the room just stared at me. I smiled and motioned toward a table, but they ignored me and instead talked among themselves (though clearly it was about me). It was awkward and I felt like an idiot. It turned out they were expecting me to leave (and I almost did and wish I had), because when one of them finally approached me, it turned out they ASSUMED I was a lost high school kid. Maybe the food was good, I couldn't tell because of the bad taste that was left in my mouth after that rude experience. Deciding whether or not to serve someone based on their looks - good one.If you are in the heart of Old City Philadelphia and need a fixing of good Italian Food? This is a perfect spot, but I do advise on getting reservations even early on a Saturday Night. We sat at the bar area and was greatly nicely by the bartender and felt the same as if we were fine dining at a table. Nice outside seating area if you want to eat on the streets of Old City. For drinks they have a huge wine list, but I decided to start off with a glass of Sangria which was awesome and very refreshing. We decided on a bottle of wine where they had affordable brands across the board. We were given then extremely fresh bread and roasted vegetables. The peppers were out of this world I could have had more. For appetizers we decided on Fried Calamari which was awesome and worth getting. They had a nice menu with multiple options, but hearing the seafood special which included mussels clams and garlic bread with a sauce that made this dish and the fish extremely fresh and a perfect size portion. We both decided on this dish and were completely satisfied. This place was awesome and for any seafood lover a must try!The food was amazing, I wish I could say the same about the service, maybe they see too many tourists.  It was a great meal and the setting was nice.Our lunch had two items:
the rock shrimp over linguini, which was good but didn't blow us away; and the spinach ravioli with mushroom filling, which did blow us away. One of the better ravioli that we've had. I'd love to come back again because there are other tasty-sounding dishes on the menu.On a standard summer Friday night Spasso got the nod as it was close by and offered a view of the seemingly routine fireworks display at Penn's landing.  The food was passable and the service was pleasant.  I was seated outdoors so I cannot comment on the decor.  The veal was a bit tough, but the scallops and calamari were just right. For those looking for a safe, pleasant, experience look no further, just don't expect more than the norm.My husband wanted good italian and many places popped up. We decided on this one and glad we did. It was very good and the service was great. We will be back here the next time we are in Philadelphia.I wasn't as happy with my experience as others with this restaurant. we were sat at a booth with an excellent view of the italian decorated restaurant-very pretty inside. I had bruchetta, mussels, linguine with jumbo shrimp and crab meat and chocolate mousse cake. Our server didn't seem as knowledgable as he should have been-as my friend asked for meat-less, fish-less vegetarian options for appetizers, he suggested calamari. my mussels were cooked to perfection but the tomato broth wasn't impressive. i asked how many jumbo shrimp my meal would come with and he told me he thought five, but the plate arrived with just 3, slightly overcooked, sauteed jumbo shrimp. the pastas were perfectly cooked and the server was otherwise attentive. the chocolate mousse, however, was phenomenal. good but im in no rush to returnWe decided to try this place after ice skating at Penn's Landing...which was magical! Spasso's came up on Yelp as being the best for our current location.  Besides, we all agreed on a big bowl of Italian love! The atmosphere was quaint and relaxing. The service was impeccable.  The table bread and garnish was a nice touch. The food was fresh...the table ordered crab ravioli,  gorgonzola gnocchi,  and fettuccine with shrimp.
The ravioli were amazing!
The gnocchi was overpowering with flavor and lacked any color in the dish. It looked like a big bowl of mini marshmallows.  The gnocchi themselves were great. Needs something though
The fettuccine was bland in flavor.  It was supposed to be tossed in a pesto alfredo sauce...no flavor!  The noodles themselves were great.
We don't need to return since Philly has so many great choices.Went here last night (Saturday).  Service was sub par. Four of us sat down at a table. Waitress informed us she would be back to wipe table down then brought back water without wiping table down.  3 of our plates arrived. The 3 of us ate our full plates and shared with the 1 who didn't get their plate. We had to flag down a helper to find out what the deal was because our waitress never bothered checking in on us.  So our 4th ate the plate alone while we watched. We had ordered drinks to start. My glass was empty for about 20 minutes while this mishap of finding our plate was going on. Only got another drink because waitress offered us another round to make up for the inconvenience   The food that came in late was still on bill  and where I can understand giving a free round of drinks I would have preferred getting that food to go and just leaving.   The waitress blamed the whole confusion on being busy- I've been in busy restaurants and never had this happen and pretty bad to make that the excuse.   I wasn't going to post about this except about 30-40 minutes after leaving my girlfriend got violently sick at our friends apartment and ended up flushing all her crab meat ravioli down the toilet.  Our friend who shared part of this plate because they forgot her food also got sick later that night.  Will never return.We ad a party of seven and ordered across the menu from linguine with clams to eggplant parmigiana.  Everyone likes their meal and the prices were fair. Service was excellent - the waiter gave good recommendations,  food delivery prompt and service overall excellent.  We preserved two different wines - a Merlot Cab blend and a Rioja.  Both were very drinkable and priced under $40.  We would recommend the restaurant to anyone looking for a good meal at a good price.One of my favorite places to have Italian and I mean real Italian food chief Massimo is amazing !!! I would highly recommend it.Very pleased - went here on the suggestion of a Sheraton Hotel Staff member, had the ravioli, which is made with a spinach dough - so it has a different texture than typical pasta, however it was great, it was stuffed with four cheese and mushroom and then there was a great white wine sauce - was very pleased.Very good food at very fair prices. I'm a college undergrad and was taking my sister out to dinner after a movie at the Ritz, as a belated birthday gift for the two of us Saturday night. I was surprised (considering location, food quality, atmosphere, and how full I left after eating) by how fair the prices were, we did no research in advance so it was totally serendipity we went there. 
We ordered, for $60:
- Mussels (Huge Bowl)
- Calamari
- Gnocchi Gorgonzola
- Chicken Something (stuffed with prosciutto and with vegetables)
- Literally ate a loaf of bread each
- Drinks
The mussels we had were very good and came with an amazing broth, that was literally so good I ask for them to put it in to something to go (even a standard plastic cup, I didn't care) - so I could finish it later. The broth was even better the next day!  Also, the calamari was good, not as crunchy as I hope, but still pretty great. 
I had the Gnocchi Gorgonzola, which was extremely rich, but tasty. I was pretty full off the awesome apps, so I only put a little dent in it. As you probably already know, gnocchi especially in cream sauce isn't nearly as good the next day - but, that's what I get for ordering enough apps for a family of six. Honestly, it probably could have used some herbs or something to lighten it up, but again the gnocchi on the own were heaven.
Overall, great experience and I'd definitely recommending going there.Went again, this time with two other friends.  This place definitely falls into the 3.5-4 star range every time.  You'll likely never get a 4.5-5 star meal but you're just as likely to never get under a 3.5 star meal.  Very consistent, very solid Italian at "just-higher-than-Olive Garden" prices.  
The waiter this time wasn't quite as affable but he was consistent.  The bus staff refills water at a torrid pace and bread refills come, sometimes even without asking.  
The pomodoro sauce is wonderfully garlicky and full of fresh basil.  The vodka sauce was also good.
Recommended for groups!Spasso Italian Grille really is as good as it gets.  Pure Perfection!  I have eaten there on many occasions when I am visiting Old City.  The food is authentic Italian.  Always hot and fresh.   It has never been less than fabulous.  They even kindly prepared a dish that was not part of their regular menu for a family member of mine.  Ooh, and the bread and marinated vegetables are divine.
Classy hostess and fine waiters.  The atmosphere is unpretentious.  I love the exposed brick and murals.  And...because it is important to me...the restrooms are always clean.Very accommodating restaurant. Food was decent. We had the bruschetta which was great, the antipasto platter which was okay, and I had chicken parm for dinner. The sauce was just okay...that was a bit disappointing. The rest of our group enjoyed their meals, especially the calamari and the gnocchi.The best meal we had in Philly.  This place is awesome!  Even the kids cleaned their plate.  The combination desert platter is a good way to try a little bit of everything.My husband and I found this restaurant after we left another before we got our food. When we walked in and it felt right. Our waiter was very nice and made us feel welcomed. I ordered the lasagna and my husband had the fettuccine shrimp. Absolutely delicious!! I have had many lasagnas and this is by far one of the best. It was creamy and just right. My husband was very jealous of my choice. Don't get me wrong, his fettuccine shrimp was amazing too.  Overall, it was a great way to end our weekend in Pennsylvania.First timer here. Ordered the grilled calamari and salmon. Both were perfect! Go for outdoor seating on a nice sunny dayThis place is amazing. Our server was extremely attentive, knowledgable and friendly. We ordered the octopus carpaccio, the escargot, the sole entree (special, they deboned it right at the table!), shrimp pappardelle (special), crab ravioli, tartufo, and creme brulee. My family and I could not complain about a single thing. Everything was cooked perfectly. I would go back in a heart beat!Took my parents here on a Saturday evening and didn't have to wait for seating which was nice even though the restaurant was full. The food was simple and delicious. We had fettucine with red sauce, gnocchi with asparagus and four cheese ravioli. The portion sizes were not too bad either for sharing. We also had the tiramisu and tartufo for dessert along with a Cabernet wine. 
My only complaint: although our waitress was very good, the hostess was inattentive and the bus boys/girls were zoned out. Hopefully it was just that night.First off I would like to say that I am Italian and I am highly critical of most Italian restaurants. The food here is very good! Reminds me of having a home cooked meal. They know their way with the spices and I have never been disappointed with a meal here. The staff is great, even went out of their way to make something the little one would like!
I recommend the Fusilli Lunghi. This has been my favorite dish so far.Good red sauce Italian.
They will always find space to accommodate you even in the busiest of times.
Great pasta and the arancini are to die for.A perfect meal! Everything was amazing. Four cheese ravioli, crab and veal, tiramisu and cannoli!We had a small party here for 30 people.  We were placed in a small room off the bar that was set up with a hors de'ouvres table.  We had an open bar and wine on the table.  We had three entrée choices, salad, pasta course and an array of desserts.  The food, service, and ambience were outstanding.   They handled the affair beautifully. All our guests comments how nice the dinner was.  Spasso's is a real winner.  The restaurant is great and their catering superb.My friend in Philadelphia constantly told me about this place (I live in CA), so when I went out to the East for a visit we went here for dinner.  Oh my goodness, the seafood pasta I had was absolutely delicious, and the portion was huge!  I think they have generous portions for everything on the menu.
The staff was attentive and friendly, and they didn't mind us staying late past closing.  I'll definitely come back here again the next time I'm in town.Our experience started out good, a nice table outside looking out at the bridge. We first enjoyed a delicious bowl of muscles and were content that our meals would be the same, but we were sadly wrong. The worst part was the extremely overcooked and dry shrimp kabobs, which I would highly recommend not getting. The soft crab was unappetizing and not worthy of being called a "special". The rest of the food (gnocchi and scallops)  had no specific problems but was Hardly average.Incredibly mediocre food. The Shrimp Fradiavolo was very bland and disappointing. The food took a long time to come out as well so it was very disappointing for it to be so "meh".
Our server was also very snarky and rude when we requested the checks to be separate.My sister and I decided to have an early dinner here on Easter with her 3 month old son. We sat outside because it was a beautiful day and didn't want the hassle of getting my nephew's stroller in the restaurant and of it being in the way. Upon arrival we were excited because it was busy inside and we also looked at raving reviews on Yelp before hand. Here's where everything took a turn for the worst. Guests from inside the restaurant came outside to smoke right in front of our table. My sister then took my nephew for a stroll so he wouldn't be inhaling the smoke. People just kept coming out to smoke and I eventually asked to switch tables. I later found out from another waiter who noticed we changed tables that these guests aren't allowed to smoke around the tables and that our waiter should've moved us or told the smokers to move. Bad move on our waitress' part, but she was sweet nonetheless. Then comes our food which took forever to come out, but we were forgiving of that because it was Easter. We got grilled calamari and little neck clams in white sauce for our appetizers. The calamari was nothing special, but the little necks literally tasted like you were eating the beach. It's unfortunate because the white sauce was really delicious. For our entrees I got gnocchi bolognese and my sister had the veal and crabmeat. I was not a fan of the gnocchi, it tasted extremely bland and not fresh and the sauce was mediocre. The veal my sister had was extremely chewy and tasted like a lemon wedge because of how much lemon was in the sauce. The crabmeat tasted like it came out of a can. The veal and crabmeat came with roasted potatoes that were hard as hockey pucks. Overall, not a great experience and I don't think we'll be back anytime soon.It's tough review to write and if I ever go there again. I will update it. We were in Philly for a concert in Tin Angel and were short on time with no preplanned reservations. The places we wanted to go were booked so we stumbled here. We were seated at the bar. The place is pretty big with a a few rooms, a little ran down in my opinion & could use some TLC. The atmosphere was not very cozy and it was pretty dark. The service 2 1/2 stars at the bar- not refilling water, not picking up dirty plates etc but they were pretty busy and service was not slow. 
As far as food, in general it's pretty good and depends on what your expectations are. Menu consists of pasta and some veal dishes. No lasagna though. They have specials every day of the week. I loved their free caponata to start. At the suggestions of the waitress I ordered grilled calamari as it is their popular dish, it was ok but nothing to write home about. Fried mozzarella was really good as well as veal porcini. Vegetables cooked just right with slight crunchiness. Gnocchi with asparagus sauce were melting in your mouth and if you are fan of gnocchi you'd love it. Generally, I had mixed feelings about that place. I would not specifically chose this restaurant among all options in Philly these days but it worked for us at that moment and food was decent. I would probably give them 3.5 but there is no option like that and 4 at that visit would be too high in my opinion.
Update
Had a better meal and slightly better service. I'd say 3.75 as I feel 4 stars would be too high. Please note both times we ate at the bar.I went on a Sunday evening.  The staff was friendly until we ordered soda instead of alcohol.  I LOVE salt. Love it. That being said, the bruschetta was so salty I couldn't finish it.  I feel like I could have gotten much better tasting food at The Olive Garden (kill me now), and it would have been far cheaper.  You can find better Italian food for a much better price in the city.After searching out the possibilities in Old CIty, Spasso won for our rehearsal dinner site with its' really superb food (we had dinner beforehand to try it out) and extremely fair price (less than 30 a head if you cut out the pasta portion). They did absolutely wonderful handling our 40+ party. The servers were pleasant and attentive and we felt so comfortable in the private room. We got everything we needed and the price was great for what we got. Many of our guests commented on how great the food was and how yummy the dessert tray was. Thank you Spasso!Hostess on Sat. Night is extremely rude and unwelcoming. With so many restaurants to choose from in the city these days, an attitude adjustment is in order. Food is okay. I have had much better in South Philly Italian restaurants. Doubt I will be going back any time soon.Came here tonight for dinner. 
I'm from San Diego and have high expectations for Italian food when I travel back east. 
Wow this was very disappointing. 
Service was slow!
The spaghetti tasted like it was out of a can! 
Pasta was over cooked, sauce YUCK! 
Salad veggies were hard as a rock. Don't waste your money or time at this place. 
I couldn't even eat most of the food I ordered.Having dinner at spasso's. Blood orange red martini's ,, shrimp bisque soup and Caesar salad,,,lobster strudel in white wine sauce,,  and linguini parmasean w/ shrimp n crabmeat. Ummm ummm goodI eat at Spasso every Saturday 
It Is wonderful 
The saffron tomato soup is delicious 
The mushroom brie Flatbread is also greatI have this vision in my head of an Italian family having a meal at home.  I see lots of clinking glassware and utensils.  Pasta, pasta , pasta, everywhere you look.  Large plates of food passed in all directions.  Lively animated conversations.   That's exactly what I experienced last night at Spasso.
The lovely wife and daughter had spent a long day at the Flower Show.  I picked them up and off we went to Front Street.  It was our lucky day and we found street parking a block away.  We had 6:00 PM OpenTable reservations.  We showed up on time and the place was packed.  Happy diners chatting away everywhere we looked and the noise level was high.  That's the one negative point I'll make about last night's meal.  It was a challenge to have a conversation but it was possible.  Much of this may be due to Flower Show week which brings an amazing number of folks to Philly restaurants.
We were seated right away and bread and a delicious marinated vegetable topping quickly appeared and just as quickly were devoured.  Refills were not a problem.
Our waiter was a true delight.  He was Italian, humorous, animated, and most importantly efficient.  He was the perfect example of how a great wait staff can at that extra dimension to enhance a fine meal.
So what about the food?  Papardelle Porcini immediately caught my eye.  I love those wide wide noodles especially if they are homemade as they are here.  The icing on the cake was that this dish included chicken and was served in a cognac sauce.  It was OMG delicious and a large portion.  I was in heaven for $17.00.  By the way, mid to high teens is a typical price for and entrée here.
My dining companions both had different entrees and both pronounced them excellent.  Everyone says the deserts are excellent but we were too stuffed to give them a try.  As with most visitors we would go back here in a heartbeat and that is sure to happen with us!First time trying this place and the food was excellent.  Good portion sizes and the wait staffs were friendly.On a Saturday night we had a reservation for 14 (with 3 kids). The food was very tasty. Also, the service was fast.  A great experience!!Service was absolutely awful! Food came out cold and undercooked. I would not recommend this place to anyone. Stay away!I wasn't blown away by the food at Spasso Italian Grille, but it was good. I bumped up my star rating from 3 to 4 because of the nice ambiance and service. The atmosphere at SIG is relaxed and unpretentious.
We had the caesar salad and calamari to start (just average tasting, but nice portion size). I had the puttanesca which was very tasty but a little too oily. The linguine was cooked perfectly though.
My husband had the gnocchi in gorgonzola sauce, definitely worth going back for. Although the sauce was quite rich (in a good way), the gnocchi melted in your mouth! I've never had gnocchi quite so delicate before. The portion was huge too, enough for two since it was so rich.
Next time I'll try the escargot, since that seems to be a fave.Extremely disappointing for a Saturday night meal.  We were walking around Philly and decided to try Spassos. Service was excellent, ok atmosphere, horrific meal.
So instead of sitting at a table we opted for the bar since it was empty.  For a Saturday night the place was just over half full.  Our waitress at the bar was excellent and service was very quick.  We started off with a caesar salad in which the salad itself was decent with shavings of parm.  It seemed like it had no dressing so we asked for extra.  The dressing itself was just flat out bland.  So much so that  salt didn't help either.  We were told the specials, and one that caught our eye was braised short ribs.  I never do this, but something told me to ask the price.  Waitress responded with $35.  I was a bit shocked and she said that it was a 24 hour cooking process and was double braised and that was why they were so much.  Decided to go with it anyway.  So out comes the short ribs....errrr....what is this?  No bones.... Hmmm....So we both take a bite, and both came to the conclusion that it was a chuck roast.  A flipping chuck roast in place of short ribs.  Not only that, it was an extreameley small piece (see pic for portion size).  To  top it all of, there was enough salt on it to kill a cow.  It was almost inedible, and it was sent back.  The broccoli rabe was also a little bitter and not a lot of flavor.
Extremely disappointed and felt deceived that they would try to serve chuck roast in place of short ribs.  I assume they think their customers are just that dumb.  I also assume some are and would believe they were short ribs.  Overall, excellent service,  but terrible meal.
Folks, is it me or are many restaurants starting to serve cheaper quality food and raising the price?  Why are so many buying into this sham?  How do these establishments stay in business?My wife and I dined here after a movie at the Ritz at the Bourse. The ambiance and decor was bland, outdated and old. The food was overpriced, over cooked, and underwhelming. Other reviewers have said the prices are high. If the quality of the food were better, I wouldn't have minded the price. We did enjoy our salads (Gorgonzola, Goat Cheese with Walnuts) and Sangria, but I wish we'd stopped there. The service was bad, too. I asked our server what sauce came on a dish, and she said red or white. When I ordered that dish, she didn't ask what sauce I wanted (my wife reminded me that I forgot to say white), and when she came back with (bad, store-bought) bread I asked for white sauce. She was very miffed and said: It comes with a red sauce, now I have to go tell them you want white. It was very odd to be treated like this. We will never go back.We made a reservation for 11 people this past Saturday. The staff was wonderful - the host and our server especially were so patient with our big group. I wouldn't get the grilled calamari app again, but all of our other dishes were very good. Food came out quickly, especially considering how busy they were. Cut and plated a birthday cake for us with no issue.Delicious, authentic Italian meal. Pasta was excellent and clearly homemade. Fried calamari was light and crispy and the marinara accompanying it was very good. Spiedini di Mozzarella was interesting. It appeared to be mozzarella encased in a sturdy Italian bread that was then fried. My daughter had chicken parmigiana that she enjoyed very much. The cutlet was fresh and crispy, not mushy and she loved the pasta it was served with. I ordered the Zuppa di Pesce minus the salmon and it was loaded with seafood. We would come back if in the area again.food was amazing, awesome atmosphere and the staff was very friendly! highly recommend the salmon!The food was wonderful and the service was excellent. I recommend the calamari highly.I really enjoyed this restaurant. It was somewhat noisy inside so we chose a table out on the sidewalk which was perfect for people watching and a quieter atmosphere. We had one of the specials which was great. The cocktails were also fabulous. Good find!I like warm, friendly, good customer service and Spasso has it. We didn't make a reservation, which I recommend for a Saturday night, so we sat at one of the tables in the bar area and that was perfect. The staff there was so friendly and attentive. They made great suggestions and checked on us often, without being annoying. The calamari was delicious! I love calamari and I almost always order it wherever I go. I forgot the name of the seafood pasta dish I had as an entree but it was yummy and a perfect preface meal. The place is in a charming neighborhood, right by the bridge (which is a nice view on a stroll). I highly recommend it. It gives you an old school neighborhood feel, in all the best ways. Good people, good food, what else do you need?Well, maybe you can't get good Italian food in Philly. Was hoping for this place. Pleasant interior, decent service, but, like most places, the pasta is overcooked. Had a scallop and linguini dish. Scallops were cooked twice as long as they should have. Pasta was mushy (and it was $27). Had the whole grilled bronzino as a second, which was fine, well grilled, but nothing amazing. 
I spend a lot of time in northern Italy and I just don't see why restaurants in the US can not seem to do this food well. They seem to universally do it poorly and charge 3 times what the amazing version of it costs in Italy.A good friend of mine highly recommended Spasso in Old City and she wasn't joking! This place was great! They are known for their enormous and very tasty portions. I tried the Jumbo Lump Crab Cake and the Grilled Calamari.  Both were excellent and very fresh. The crab cake was perfection and it was so large that it was tough to finish on my own, but somehow I still managed. 
I ate in the bar and it wasn't overly crowded and the service was excellent.This place is great.  I was visiting Philly on a little road trip, I arrived at my hotel late, about 9:45, after checking in at Best Western, Independence Park Hotel, which was also great,  I asked the woman at the desk if she could recommend somewhere close to eat, I told her I had a taste for pasta, she recommended Spasso's.  She called, and although they were closing in 10 min, they told me, which included a party of 6 to come on over. We had the entire restaurant to ourselves.  They took our order, provided delicious crushed olive spread and fresh bread, while we waited for our meal, and never once rushed us out.  The food was AMAZING!!! Everything was fresh, hot, homemade pasta...gnocchi, ravioli and sauces.  I wish I was in Philly right now to go there.  Next time I'm in Philly I won't just have a cheesesteak, I will also have Spasso's.I loved, loved, loved this place. It made me actually crave snails. I think that's pretty impressive.Great food, great service and fun with kids. If your name is Kiki you get a free dessert.  But, you must eat your dinner first. It's great. ThxYup this is the best Italian restaurant I have been to this far!!! Love the option of grilled or fried calamari love the decor love love love everything nothing bad to say!!! A must five star all the way around he board from service food drinks and ambianceI had the veal, spinach, and crabmeat which was incredible. My wife said the salmon was delicious. Other than a bit on the loud side, the atmosphere is really nice. We'll be back soon!I was here last weekend with a friend, after taking her on a quick tour around Philly. First impression is that it's a nice large place, but a little too noisy. There's no long line of people waiting to be seated since it's very spacious (which is really appreciated). Despite the number of diners, food and drinks came really quickly.
We started off with a dish of grilled calamari, which was very well seasoned. I found it nicely cooked, but my friend thought it was slightly overcooked. Over to the main course, I had a special dish of grilled, vegetable-stuffed pork chop, while my friend had a dish of veals and clams. Both were very nice, from seasoning, cooking to plating. I really love my dish, where the pork chop went deliciously with the sides of mashed potato and vegetables. The portions were also really large and we were both stuffed to neck after the main course. Still, we magically managed to finish the desserts, mainly because it's the best tiramisu I've ever had in Philly - better than many other excellent places, including Modo Mio and Giorgio On Pine.
Overall I think it's a 4.5, with the noise being the biggest setback. We were very well served, even without a dedicated waiter/waitress. The food was awesome, especially the tiramisu, which I believe is a must-try. The place totally deserves the 20% tip I wrote at the end of the meal and this 5 star (although a round-up it is). I enjoyed the experience overall and will definitely come back!For all the great food and wine that my girlfriend and I drank for about 90$ it was well worth it! We came here for our fourth anniversary, we drank great wine paired perfectly with our meals, we had fresh antipasti which was amazing we wanted more. Nice size place right on Front street, very eloquent setting, nice place to come out for a authentic Italian meal, this place beats going to a chain restaurant any day. 
Four our antipasti we had the bruschetta with fresh tomato and basil, the ingredients were fresh, the bread was tasty and it all just complimented each other. After our antipasti we both ordered our entrees, they took a lot longer to come out than I expected which was a little bit upsetting because the night started off just right. Four our entrees, I had the Chicken Rollatini Rosmarino and my girlfriend had the Penne Spasso, we both enjoyed our entrees and we both had enough left to take home with us. We capped off the night with a piece of Tiramisu, which was light and fresh, it couldn't have been much better than that! The only thing that I previously stated that upset me was the slow pace at which we received our entrees, but I know that we would most certainly be back for some more food.Came here for dinner last night, the food was very good but the service was lacking. We told the waitress about a severe nut allergy at the table and she was not very accommodating. He ordered a cannoli for dessert and again mentioned his allergy, she brought the prepared cannoli to the table, placed it in front of him and then walked away. He saw that there was a sauce on top of it so he called her back over to clarify what it was and she said "oh you probably shouldn't eat that, it says prepared in a facility with nuts on the packaging" and walked away again. Someone else at the table ended up eating it but she didn't even offer him an alternative or an apology. She also forgot another dessert at the table. 
Food was great, especially the mussels in red sauce but if we come back I hope we have a different waitress.Came here to celebrate a friends birthday , which was chosen by her. 
Got to this restaurant at 5pm for early dinner. The place is spacious, quiet and nicely decorated. The staff was friendly and attentive. 
I got the Penne Spasso which had bacon , mushrooms , and peas in a pink cream sauce. The pasta was delicious, and freshly made. Pasta was cooked just right and the sauce was cooked to perfection. I couldn't finish the pasta since I was started to get really full but the sauce was something I had to finish dipped with the side of bread they provided beginning of the course. I tasted my friends grilled Branzino fish which was fresh and seasoned slightly with salt just enough to taste the freshness of the fish. 
I would come back here again.This place is great!  I went there for the first time this past weekend.  I needed a good Italian restaurant in Phili to meet for a family dinner right before christmas.  Our timing put us on the edge of the lunch-dinner time frame and they very nicely allowed us to order off the lunch menu (less expensive for the family).  We had 9 people and it did take a bit to get all our food out, but they were good with keeping up with us and taking drink orders, bringing bread etc.  The waiter was friendly and the food was better than expected, large portions and fresh veggies!  Its hard to find a good italian place and I feel like we lucked out with finding this place. Thanks Phili yelpers!  I would recommend it for sure. They have a big nicely decorated restaurant good for groups and a large bar too.As a completely full blooded Italian South Philly gal, I think I'm pretty qualified to judge Italian food.  I Love this place!  Every single meal I have had here, which has been more than 50, have blew me away.  The food is fresh & delicious, prices are very reasonable for the upper end of casual, and they will make every attempt to accommodate a special request.  Also the service is extremely pleasant & efficient.  
The only tip I can give is to look for metered parking across the street before dropping more serious money for the lot next door :-)just went here for restaurant week, portions were HUGE and we got a lot for thirty five bucks!!
Pros: their homemade gnocchi and all of their pasta sauces are AMAZING. you can tell its all freshly prepared and as an Italian I really appreciated it :)  My boyfriend's veal was perfectly prepared too!  But honestly just get some pasta if you come here, it's way worth the calories!! The portions are gigantic which is also awesome!  Their appetizers were like a first meal, I got a crab cake and my boyfriend got an entire bowl of mussels!  And the dessert to finish it off was delicious too! 
Cons: It is a little pricey, but I would at the very least return on restaurant week since the deal seems better!  There's no waiting area near the front of the restaurant and when we arrived 20 min early for our reservation we were forced to go for a walk outside in the freezing cold :/
Overall, this place is great for a date night or special occasion :) definitely want to return!What an unfortunate birthday dinner/Restaurant Week Experience.
First of all, this restaurant was so unmemorable.. that it took my second visit to realize " oh sh*t, I've been here before". I wasted 2 RW reservations and money on this place. I won't let it happen again.
Restaurant Week for most places is very hit or miss, because the chefs are extremely overworked, tired etc. But I've been blessed with 1 & 1/2 years of very good experiences at restaurants which is why I've raised the bar for other restaurants. because I know that a GOOD restaurant week can be done. So no excuses. 
And if I rated this on a normal night, they would have gotten the same star rating. It's so unfortunate after seeing all the great reviews.
SERVICE: very attentive at first, for our drinks, appetizers.. but then what the hell happened?! Took forever to get our entree, and dessert, and maybe 10 minutes for our final bill. My birthday dinner took 3 full hours -_- A bit longer than I anticipated ...
FOOD: mediocre... so mediocre
-clams in white sauce : good. this was the one course that was quite good. Standard though, clams + garlic + white wine, salt pepper to taste, yumm
- penne in pomodoro sauce: they should just skip this course. The penne boxed pasta was 1 minute undercooked, in a sauce that did not taste homemade, seemed like canned.. It just made them look low quality
- veal saltimbocca: was OK, a solid 3 stars. The veal was tender, seasoned right and vegetables were grilled, but nothing special.
- friend ordered hanger steak medium -- came out WELL DONE it wasn't even pink in the middle. that's a shame..
Overall everything was just OK or bad or just overall I've experienced better. I left thinking, I will never return. But then I return to these yelp reviews, or even my server at Rex yesterday said she had a friend whom works there and raves about the food.. so was I there on an off night? I don't know.. but it begs the question of... would I be willing to risk about $50 a person to give them another shot..Beautiful surprise in Philly! 
Excellent food, fresh grilled calamari and gnocchi with four cheeses are outstanding!
The waiters are very friendly, the atmosphere is warm and charming...compliments !Can't believe it took me this long to eat there.
This was really, really good. I've had the Involtone di Manzo (beef rolled with spinach, cheese and prosciutto, almost like bracciola) and it was awesome. The beef cooked perfectly, and the homemade linguine was perfectly cooked. The sauce was kind of a mushroom marsala, but not too sweet (as some marsalas can be). 
Also had the veal in the Gorgonzola cream sauce, which was FABULOUS. I was nervous of that pungent gorgonzola overpowering the dish, but it was lightened up and added just the right zip. Oh, and the gnocchi that came with it (in the same sauce) were second only to what I've had in Italy. 
Definitely have to return!3 long days partying at the Xponential music festival!  Fun!! But needed a yummy home cooked meal. Festival food was good but definitely not nutritious. Yelped near by restaurants and Spassos menu drew me in. Low key and welcoming, our waiter Cosmo gave us a choice of seating. The booth was comfy with a nice view of the rest of the restaurant. Not huge, just right. Have you noticed lately how noisy places can be? Not Spassos. Other patrons conversing, having a good time, but not intrusive. Yummy bread with olive oil and a cold roasted veggie antipasto to start. Cosmo, very cute by the way, tells us about the specials like he helped create them. Other wait staff friendly and efficient. Food was fabulous. Home made. Hit the spot. Just what I was looking for. Clams and linguini slurping good. Grilled swordfish so fresh! Desserts orgasmic, really. Thanks Spassos!!Stopped for something quick....wanted to eat outside and work. Had some of the best calamari ever!I don't usually go to Italian restaurants---mostly because I am still pretending to be a broke college student but actually a broke recent graduate. BUT #treatyoself. My friends and I made dinner reservations here on a Saturday night---though it probably wasn't necessary. It was a double date. We ordered a bottle of Pinot Grigio with fried calamari for starters. The calamari was nice, crisp, and most importantly not greasy. I ordered the fusilli lunghi pasta dish. I really enjoyed the tomato sauce. It tasted fresh and rich with subtle flavor. I actually was very full and could only finish half the dish. Portions are definitely filling. I snuck a bite of my boyfriend's gnocchi con asparagi, and though I don't usually like gnocchi (due to how heavy it is), I must admit it was pretty good. I approve of Spasso's food and definitely would want to try more. I would not be surprised if I went back for seconds some time in the future.Food was 3+ stars, service was efficient but waiters were oddly abrupt. I enjoyed the pasta, chicken parm was pretty good, salad was fine...but again the waiters did not want to deviate from their regimented processes.  As an example, when the waiter asked if we wanted coffee and someone responded that they'd like another cocktail, the waiter thought for a moment and responded, "Coffee!" (No question mark).  Without verbalizing it, he was saying, "Do I look like a cocktail waitress? I asked if you wanted coffee.  No soup for you!"  
To his credit he did refresh the drink in relatively short order, but he seemed irritated that someone had the audacity to interrupt his process flow.Food. Caesar salad - c. No. Made with mayo or ?  No anchovies.  Shrimp Fettuccine - b. Maybe liked by some. White Pesto was bland, noodles were decent.  
Service - b.  OK. the bartender/waitress was excellent.  The guy who brought me the salad ask if I wanted fresh pepper, I said yes, he then twisted the thing once and left - aka he was an ass. 
Setting - c. OK. The dinning area was americano loud. If you don't mind yelling while eating, then you'll be fine. Taking the hostess recommendation, were I set, in the bar area, was fairly quite, albeit I went there later Sunday night.
The place was clean. Good. 
The water and lemon. Good.
I recommend but would choose different food. 
Rant. Loud people suck. I've got this thing about people who talk so loud they can be heard by everyone in the place - their asses. Oh yes, ever notice when respectfully asking someone to [shut the f up], they act like they want to punch you in the face?3.5 for food. 4.5 for service. 4.0 for ambience. This place is a spacious rustic Italian restaurant with a casual but nice dining area and a separate adjacent bar area. The kitchen is partially exposed, which adds character. I came here with three other people on a Friday. We made reservations for 7:30 pm. It was not that packed so we really didn't need the reservations. The hostess greeted us immediately and sat us at a booth. Our server brought water and introduced himself as soon as we were seated. He recited the specials from memory and was also very personable.  He brought a basket of bread to the table. The bread wasn't warm, but tasted fresh and delicious. It came with a delicious sautéed vegetable medley with eggplant and peppers.  It was almost like a chunky tapenade. It went well with the bread.  The basket did not come with butter, but we asked for some and the server brought a few packets right away. 
The menu had a lot of classic dishes, like linguini with clam sauce and penne vodka, but also included some unique options like crab ravioli.  We ordered the fried calamari. It was crispy, battered well, and fresh. The marina sauce was OK, but was a bit too tangy, and overall left more to be desired. I was craving chicken parmesan, so I ordered it despite by concern for the sauce.  It came with homemade linguini. My fiancé ordered the gnocchi bolognese. Our friends got the linguini with white clam sauce and veal ravioli in a cream sauce.  The food came out quickly, which was good because we were starving. 
The chicken cutlet on my dish was delicious. It was a pretty thick cutlet, and tender in the center.  It was breaded perfectly and fried to a golden crisp. The sauce was OK, but actually worked well with the chicken. The linguini was not my favorite. It wasn't thin enough. It needed to be pressed through the roller a few more times. It was a bit doughy. It was cooked aldente, which I prefer, but it still wasn't an ideal linguini. My fiancé's gnocchi was delicious, although she didn't love the flavor of the bolognese.  We agreed that the gnocchi had great texture. It was super soft and fresh.  Our friends enjoyed their meals. 
The restaurant has a full bar, but the beer list could be better. I ordered a vodka martini, but it was just OK.  The prices were decent, and they take credit cards. Overall, I'd go back if I was in the area and craved Italian.I am so disappointed in Spasso! The food is ok, but I  visit times per year with a party of 18+ or more and the service was always good. This year, despite loyal patronage, Spasso split my 20 person party for a  25 top(which they could have split) and served my split party dinner 20 minute a part and made my party feel very unwelcome and uncomfortable: I will never return.Sat outside for lunch. The food was outstanding!  I had the seafood papadelle, their Wednesday special. Perfectly cooked pasta with and incredibly luxurious pink sauce,  I will definitely be back soon!Great italian food for reasonable prices in a quiet location....the papardelle funghi was delicious and the shrimp diavolo was cooked perfectly...love the complimentary vegetables in olive oil they serve with bread....will be back to try some other items...four stars for ok service as the server disappeared for a whileThis place ha s the best service and food. Highly recommendedThe food here is oaky our meal was bland and not fresh.  
The service was very good. 
There is much much better Italian in Philly.Very good food.  I enjoyed it and the service was great.  We sat outside and it was pleasant, not to mention the view was beautiful.  
We got to split our meal for a surcharge because the portions were rather large individually.  We didn't mind the charge, though.  We had been there before and we had done the same.  With this visit, we just ate the meal and skipped the salad.  Again, a great experience.  We were more prepared for the price of our meal, so there was much less sticker shock.  We truly loved the food and even splurged on a dessert.  It was outstanding.  We will go back yet again.I had such a great dinner at Spassos the other night. I was with a big group, and they were very accommodating. The service was excellent. The wait staff was very knowledgeable and gave great suggestions and tips. They have a robust wine list. I tried their house cab, and it hit the spot. 
We ordered the antipasto salad platter as an appetizer. It has grilled calamari, pickled and roasted eggplant and zucchini, olives, and a few other vegetables. The grilled calamari with the fresh lemon juice was like a little taste of heaven. So refreshing after a long day at work. 
I ordered the shrimp fettuccine for dinner. It comes with a creamy pesto sauce that is spot on. It's not too heavy and not too runny. There's plenty of shrimp in this dish. The perfect portion size. Some of my coworkers ordered the gnocchi, and it was also very good. 
This is a great Italian restaurant in the heart of old city. I recommend trying it out the next time you're in the neighborhood.This place is amazing and especially during Resturant week. They serve 4 courses (with 1 being a side of pasta) and it's open menu. The complementary bread and cold roasted veggies is great. I got the mussels as the app and it's big enough for a meal. The Zupa de Peso is huge with plenty of seafood and included a portion of salmon. Lastly I got the tiramisu to end the night. After all that, I was full beyond believable. The pasta could have been cooked a little longer but whatever. The service here was top notched. My glass was never empty. I left here happy and in a food coma. I would highly recommend this place anytime because the prices is very affordable. Love this place.Good quick friendly service with hot plentiful tasty food at a reasonable price.  Couldn't ask for moreIf I could give Spasso more than 5 stars I would.  I LOVE this restaurant.  It also holds a special place in my heart as it was where my boyfriend took me on our first date.  He knew how much I loved the food and booked a reservation.  
The ambience is nice, the service is excellent, and the food is delicious!  It's a great spot for date nights and girls nights too
If you like calamari you MUST order the grilled calamari.  I will no longer eat it fried from other restaurants because of Spasso.  I dream about the Zuppa Di Pesce.  Everytime I've eaten at Spasso I had to order this dish because it is my absolute favorite.  It has shrimp, salmon, clams, mussels, (unbreaded) calamari, and octopus.  If you're a seafood lover like I am, don't miss out on this dish.  
The wine list is also excellent (and reasonably priced).Great homemade Italian food.  They were kind enough to squeeze us in at the last minute.  Salads were excellent.  Pastas were perfectly aldente!  Portions were gigantic.  Nice list of wines by the glass, including a great Brunello de Montalcino.  Service was outstanding.I came here for a work luncheon, so we had a limited menu.  However, I tried the penne spasso and I have no complaints.  The only thing is that we must of caught the waiter on a bad day...he was a bit rude.My apologies to Spasso- I meant to write this review a year ago but am just getting it now.
Short story: I thought I had my old city Philadelphia wedding all set to go months ahead of time.  Then- rude awakening.  I was planning to have our rehearsal dinner in one of the hotel dining rooms but was suddenly told that, since it was a Saturday, they were going to slap me with an 4-figure fee just to have the place.  Umm- no thanks!
I was desperately looking for a room in Old City that would host about 90-100 people for a Saturday night dinner at an affordable cost.  I must have contacted 3 dozen places that all were outrageous.  But, lucky for me, I then found SPASSO!
I still cannot believe what an excellent venue this was for us.  They charged us NOTHING for the space, even though it was a hopping Saturday night at the peak of tourist season.  Loredana was exceptional, helping me set up a menu and negotiate beverage packages.   When we arrived, there were special menus printed up for each place setting.  Spasso provided us a microphone and a plethora of servers and helpers saw to our every need.  Also- the food was delicious!  Many of our guests were vegetarian and Spasso could not have made it easier for us.
To anyone else looking to host an event at Spasso in their private dining space- GO FOR IT!  I promise you'll be thrilled with the service- and the price!Fabulous food. Fabulous service. 
No draft beers, but the made-from-Scratch pasta sure does sweep the taste buds away! The marinara is lovely.My husband took me to Spasso's for Mother's Day this year. While this review is mostly positive, I was disappointed with a few things. First, after reading all the positive reviews about the veggie spread that comes with the bread, I was extremely disappointed to learn they had run out. How does a restaurant do that? They know how many people are booked for the night so they should have planned accordingly. Second, to substitute for the spread, we were given little tubs of a butter spread. Not even real butter, plus it had a very oily taste to it. Not what I would expect from an authentic Italian restaurant. Third, the acoustics are horrible. I could hardly even hear my husband.
Now the highlights. Service was good and the food was incredibly delicious.  We shared the mussels in red sauce as an appetizer and there had to be at least two dozen of them, if not more. The red sauce was very light and very good. I got the grilled Bronzino over angel hair with roasted cherry tomatoes in a light butter and white wine sauce. So so good. My husband got the grilled jumbo shrimp with roasted potatoes and veggies. Awesome! We were both stuffed and very happy with the total experience. We will definitely go back. 
FYI, the restaurant has a $35 per person meal on Tuesdays throughout the rest of the year. Just like Restaurant Week, it includes an appetizer, entree, and dessert, but you have your pick of the entire menu.I had my rehearsal dinner here on April 28th and would recommend this restaurant for both an intimate dinner and a large event. My guests LOVED the food. Loredana and Sam were both excellent to work with and the service was really as good as it gets. The food didn't taste banquet at all, but rather just like a restaurant meal. The caeser salad, penne pasta, entrees and dessert platter were tasty, fresh and crowd-pleasing. The back room fit my group of 40 with plenty of space, and the ambiance was cozy and welcoming. If you ever need to plan a graduation party or large dinner, I highly recommend Spasso.A great selection of Italian dishes. Service was good. Atmosphere perfectly old Italian.I went here to carb-load the night before the Philadelphia marathon. I am not from the area, so I choose this place based on reviews and a recommendation from a running forum. I was pleased with my decision to go here. It was within walking distance of my hotel. They had a large menu but not overwhelming. The portions were large which and a good value for the price. I had the shrimp fettuccine and was pleased. It had lots of shrimp and great flavor. The Italian bread was good too. My only complaints were the noise level and the wait staff was slow. It was probably because they were so busy but we had to get their attention to get menus, order, etc.Omg the food was beyond amazing I ate everything in sight! My friends and I had the  grilled calamari and mussels for the apps then I had a zuppe de pesce and it was fantastic! Everything was delish and we all had such a great time :) The service was great as well especially since it was restaurant week!The food tastes so great here!!! Visiting from LA so I've been spoiled with some of the best Italian foods in SoCal. I have also been to Italy for ten days, living off pasta and bread with olive oil for ten days instead of rice. So  I think I have tasted and know a bit Italian food. This place does not disappoint! Our waiter knew all about the menu and explained it perfectly. Do not be afraid of how the exterior and interior looks, the food makes up for it. I ordered the strip steak and the sauce was bomb.com!!! My little sister ordered chicken parmesan and it was ok too but my steak outshined her chicken. She ended up finishing her plate and then eating 1/4 of mine lol. We ordered a bunch of other stuff too and it was all great so just pick what you crave. I definably recommend the steak. POTATOES COOKED TO PERFECTION. I live in SoCal guys common, SoCal knows potatoes. It was so good that me and my little sister played rock paper scissors for each piece. I definably wish there was a place like This back home. Such a gem.The best Italian restaurant I've ever been to.
GREAT food. I've been here for a corporate dinner, as well as for casual dining and have yet to be disappointed. The crab ravioli and veal saltimbocca are my favorite entrees here, and the speidini for the appetizer.
I did not expect a private room separate from the rest of the dining room for the larger event I went to. The head waiter presented his recommendations off the main menu, as well as the night's specials, to the entire group. Everyone was taken care of and checked up on like they were the most important person in the place. The food was brought out fairly quickly after the appetizers were cleared. Everyone was impressed with their dishes.
I would recommend this place to anyone!Was in town on Friday and we went to spasso.  Service was great, we had Claudette.  Food was great and the home made pasta was awesome.  We could have picked many places in town and was not disappointed with spasso for an Italian meal.  I had a ceasar salad and the pan seared scallops with pasta. . .great meal and atmosphere.A bizzare experience.
It was moderately busy on a weeknight, we were sat a table in the middle of the room.  We ordered, the wine that I had was basically swill that they passed off for $12 a glass (or more I can't remember).
We ordered a couple appetizers, the calamari was okay but $13 is totally outrageous for what we got, it was certainly not the best I've ever had but probably the most expensive.
The chicken parm was totally standard, slightly dry, and again for the price there should have been fresh mozzarella instead of the deli mozzarella that was melted on my plate.  The food here is completely standard 'Italian american' food that many restaurants try to pass off as the real thing but it is not.  At least if you are going to do 'Italian-American' food do it right.
The kicker though was the service-  we were waited on by a disheveled looking woman with a messy bun on top of her head.  When she delivered the food to us she YAWNED in my face- seriously??  There is an espresso machine right there, make yourself one.  Luckily she never asked me if I wanted another glass of the swill wine they served me because I may have taken another one to try to forget this meal.Mediocre food  at best... very spotty service by heavily accented Ukrainian waiters (this is an Italian restaurant-go figure). Very noisy.Spasso was near the Hilton at Penns Landing and highly rated so we went. 
Cons: I can't stand rude hostesses and the hostess here is a problem. The bar is next door to the entrance and smells smoky. Beer is only by the bottle. Very old register system.
Pros: very delicious food. 5 star food. Lots of wine- wine on tap even. 2 TVs in the bar.
Always consider the specials before making a decision. The dessert plate is perfect if you have 3 or more people.
I would come back but the hostess can suck an egg.Home-style italian feel. Enormous and tasty portions.
Most delicious cheesecake.
Great for groups!Our server was charismatic and attentive. They refilled our waters multiple times and checked to be sure we were enjoying the meal. We had the calamari and the bruschetta to start, which were delicious. My gnocchi with marinara was also very very good. They have great offerings on the menu and at the bottom it even states their chef will attempt to make what you like if you don't see it on the menu. I thought that to be a nice thing to include on the menu since many chefs and other restaurants are not willing to do that.
Our table split the creme brulee and the cheesecake for dessert, and they were a tasty end to the evening.The 5-star rating on Yelp tells it like it is...this place is as good as it gets.  Next time you find yourself in Philadelphia, make sure to go here. You won't be sorry.
Don't let the small dining room in the front fool you.  This place is huge -- keep walking past the open kitchen and you'll find plenty of seating choices -- including the bar.
Our choices - grill calamari, caprese salad, chicken parm, 4-cheese &mushroom ravioli.  Everything was AMAZING!  The flavors were incredible.  I hear the eggplant parm is very good -- and will definitely try it on my next visit.
I also have to rave about the service. Very attentive, knowledgeable about the menu and didn't mind answering our questions.
Enjoy!I had a real problem with the service at this restaurant. The server took a long time to get to us and then neglected us for a while. It was busy but I felt like others were being served before us. That being said, the eggplant dip served before the meal was great but the meal was so so. All and all, I hope it improvesEverything really yummy super fast and professional everyone is very friendly a bit of money but real nice to bring a dateI am visiting for the weekend and was craving Italian nearby. Spasso popped up and honestly was the best restaurant. We had to sit on the bar because it was completed booked so I would recommend making a reservation. The linguini and clams were phenomenal. Definitely will be coming back next time I am in townMy fiance and I brought a couple visiting from out of town to Spasso. It had really good reviews, and great location right on the water, so I was really excited about it. However, the decor and ambiance were pretty basic, not nearly as classy as I expected, more just plain tacky. The food was mediocre Italian, I have had much better experiences at small neighborhood places that have much lower price points. I would not recommend it.Simply fantastic.  The Veal Saltimbocca was delish.  The Basa was impeccable.  Chicken Parm to die for.  Salmon grilled to perfection.  All the vegstble and potatoes on the plates were excellent.   The dessert plate was out of the park.   Wonderful attentive service.  This is definately a fsmily favorite Italian restaurant.I thought the waiter was excellent, the food was excellent, the service excellent. Some of the best clam chowder (tomato based) we've ever had. Too much food but that was a good thing. We thought this restaurant was "rustic wonderful", seemed like dining with an Italian family. Please give this one of your first considerations!Dined here for the first time a few nights ago during restaurant week. Got a four course meal for $35. I was very impressed by the food, it was all traditional homemade italian. One of the best dinners out Ive had in a while!!! i ordered the balsamic chicken and my boyfriend had the veal parmesan, we both enjoyed our dishes! only downfall to this place was the service. Took about 15 minutes after sitting for the waiter to come over to take our drink order. But overall awesome food!Went with a few friends for a birthday dinner, and we had the following:
Fried calamari- really lightly battered and large cuts of calamari. Simple but well-prepared. Totally worth sharing.
Papardelle porcini - large portions and definitely homemade papardelle. The sauce was just right, but could have used a little more. Chicken was a bit overcooked. 
Fusilli Lunghi- the long twist pasta is delicious, and it absorbs the sauce perfectly.
Pork chop special - tender but crispy on the outside. Not overly stuffed, but enough spinach and cheese to really pull the dish together.
Penne romana  - classic Romana sauce. Enough said.
Dessert combination: large portion of tiramisu, canoli, cheesecake, and chocolate mousse. A tad much even for the 4 of us to finish after dinner, but definitely worth sharing as a group. Very light cakes and a great way to end.
We were most disappointed with the service. I arrived earliest of the party, and there was no host/hostess to seat me, so it was an awkward fumbling around at the entrance until someone finally came to bring me to my seat. Despite my friend having made a reservation, the hostess just sat me down without looking up any reservation (was it even necessary to reserve in advance?). Our server was consistently slow the entire night, often forgetting drink orders and needing to be flagged down to get our orders, our dessert, and our check (bringing and collecting). The place seemed understaffed for the evening, especially when I saw our waiter taking on most of the main dining area including making drinks at the table.Food was ok. I live in center city not worth me coming down here for it. The pasta was pretty good the soup was good but kinda lukewarm. My friends liked there meals less than me. I would go with a 3.5 if I could. Id come back if someone wanted to go but I wouldn't run back anytime soon.this spot was good!
-goat cheese & walnut salad came with warm goat cheese which is actually GENIUS. 
-mussels were fresh. save some bread to dip in the sauce. 
-puttanesca was oily but delicious
-skip the arancini, they taste like mozzarella sticks.Great experience and very nice food. The risotto balls were little cold from the inside.  The mushroom ravioli was perfect!Dayummmm. What a great Italian meal! We hit this place up with some business colleague before the Tay Tay concert. Awesome service, awesome cocktails...and some truly incredible Italian food. I made a note to keep this place on the short list for when I get back to Philly in the Independence Hall area.For the starter the bread was good even though it wasn't warm.  The food came really fast and the service was great.  For the dish I ordered the shrimp and crab were delicious.  The portion size was large resulting in two people trying to take down one dish.  This is great Italian food.Meh. This entire experience was just meh for me...not terrible but definitely far from great. The service was alright I guess...we made last minute reservations for 8 on a Saturday night and were seated right away.....definitely not over attentive wait staff or even that attentive at all. I felt like it took a while for us to get our entree ordered but she wasn't completely absent. The food itself was alright I guess. Nothing stood out to me in a positive way at all. We got a ceasar salad (which let's be real, who's messing that up?) and the bruschetta ( I felt like all I could taste were onions but it wasn't horrible). The bread basket wasn't bad either but I feel like I could get the same quality bread at my local grocery store/deli. I got the gnocchi gorgonzola and it was extremely over cooked....no where near al dente...literally the minute you put it in your mouth it becomes mushy. My friend got the 'ravioli quatro formaggio' which is a 4 cheese ravioli with wild mushrooms. She mentioned to the waitress she wasn't a huge fan of mushrooms but the waitress assured her you could hardly taste it because it was mixed in with the cheese....yeah I'm a huge fan of mushrooms and i tasted her dish and you could taste something but it wasn't the mushrooms or the cheese. Overall very forgettable and like many have said you could probably get better quality at Olive Garden. It wasn't absolutely awful but I felt like i was just paying to eat at a restaurant in Old City and not necessarily the quality of the food. There's a ton of italian restaurants in the city that are worth trying and about the same or less price but with much more authentic delicious italian food. Probably won't be going again anytime soon or ever for that matter.Food is great, but service is horrible. Our server was arrogant and rude. Not only he was super slow, he even ignored us couple times. He also made rude comments such as "is that all you want to order?"
When we finished eating and we decided to get dessert, he came to us with the check. We kindly asked for the dessert menu and he brought it like 10 minutes later. Picking a dessert is like 5 mins right, or not even. He made us wait 20 minutes before coming to take our dessert order. He was joking around with other people while us, the customers were waiting for him to come get our order. 
After he got the order, i asked him to please make it quick as we've been waiting for a while. His answer was "i have no control over the kitchen". So i said, "we've been waiting for too long so please"
His answer: "there are 300 people in the back of the restaurant"
Truth? The restaurant was quite packed, but there were 5 other servers and obviously there weren't more than 60 people in the whole restaurant. 
If you want good food, this is a great place, but I wouldn't recommend, as the server is rude and unprofessional. For service i'd give 2/10, for food 9/10.Went with work - had a great meal - good for busienss.  Traditional italian, not a huge wine selection but good enough.Top notch pasta, excellent service, and a convivial atmosphere.  Great last night in Philly.Oh my how I love Italian, and this was a standard northeast corridor Italian joint with good food and real pasta... in other words, greatness! I came here for a rehearsal dinner, and was pretty impressed with the service and the food.
It's always tough to wait on people when a 50 top sits down (even when you know they're coming), but all of us had everything we needed and in good time. There was plenty of vino on the table when we sat down, and I loved the homey atmosphere of the place. 
Our prix fixe meal was a decent salad, a good pasta course with legit sauce, a choice of entree which begat me a pretty good chicken parmigana... and some UNREAL desserts. They brought us a tray of several of their offerings, and T=the tiramisu was absolutely delicious. Believe me, I shoved quite a few options down my already overfull gullet. I don't know if it's the water, or just the access to much better bakeries in this area... but the Italian desserts when I come back to Philly are always better than home. 
There's nothing about this place that'll jump out at you, but that doesn't mean it isn't delicious anyway. I'm a big fan, and am glad to have found a place down by the water as a great jumpoff point for a night out either on South Street or in Penns Landing.The waiter suggested the red tomato sauce instead of butter over  fresh pasta and Red snapper. We also ordered a side of spinach tossed with olive oil and garlic. We also did grilled calamari. 
WOW!
Pasta is fresh
Fish is fresh
Sauce is perfect 
Calamari is SO DELICIOUS! (Must try!) 
Portion is generous
Service is superb! 
They also gave caponata with bread as complimentary. These are so good. 
A++++++
Company is sucks!I've only been here for happy hour in the bar area but my roommate and I love it and we know we can count on it if we're having friends into the city. The drinks for happy hour are delicious and so cheap ($3 martinis). The food is amazing and also very cheap (mussles -$3). The bartender is funny and very nice. There is outside seating and the bar is connected to the restaurant so you can get the full menu at the bar if you wanted.So good! It's all about the pasta. Fresh and delicious. The drinks are just OK... Skip the cocktail and go for the wine menu.Food was good, but a bit overpriced. But, you have to expect that in Old City.
Atmosphere was amazing.
Service was fantastic.
I would definitely recommend it to any guy who wants to impress a first date.Lovely place to go. Gnocchi is so good. Love the roasted peppers served with the delicious bread. I have been several times. Tiramisu is delicious. Never had a bad meal.I stopped in Spasso for dinner.  I ordered the gnocchi with Gorgonzola sauce.  It was good, but I thought the gnocchi was a little over cooked.  I ordered a zin that was SO bad, that I asked to switch to a cabernet.  The waiter was gracious enough to switch without charging me for the zin.
I will go back to try another dish.  It's a good place to pop in for a relatively inexpensive meal.Not good... I felt like we were in a tourist trap rather than a gourmet restaurant. The atmosphere was nice and the service was fine but the food... Nothing to write home about. 
They gave us bread and some tasteless tapenade to start.. Then we ordered salads. I've had many a caprese salad, but this was awful.. Instead of Balsamic vinegar they put on a rancid olive type oil.. My SO's Caesar wasn't much better.
For the main course my salmon was overcooked and so were the veggie sides... I could barely eat half... The linguini and clam sauce was just okay.
The restaurant was not cheap either... $9 for a small pour of red. 
Would not go back!Looked around the city for a classic Italian meal. Everything else was too expensive for bite sized portions. Here we were able to get the classic chicken park and gnocchi. Best versions I have had of each classic dishes of my life. The portions are true Italian portions. The prices are great wait staff was spectacular. This is definitely going to be our go to Italian spot from now on!Went here for dinner with some friends this past saturday night.  This was our first time there and I would definitely go back.  The portions were very large and all the food was very tasty.  I order ceasar salad and veal parmigana.  Very very good.  The fried calamara was good as well.
I think the prices were reasonable for what you got and the staff was very friendly.  Parking is expensive in the area, so be prepared to pay another $15 or so for that.Came here for restaurant week: $35 per person, four course meal, open menu (not pre-set, great deal!) 
Must have appetizers: grilled or fried calamari. Super juicy and fresh, and don't you dare forget to add the lemon sauces they give to you on the side! Best pairing ever! 
Not worth trying appetizer: jumbo crab cake. It was a major disappointment considering I'm a seafood fanatic who has gone crabbing in Maryland. Their crab tasted fishy and the meat was not succulent, meaning not fresh. 
Worth trying entrees: zuppa seafood pasta! Huge portion of seafood such as shrimp, mussels, clams, squid, and salmon paired with linguine. It usually comes in red sauce but make a special request for white sauce- it compliments the seafood beautifully! 
And just so you know, their portions are on the larger side, so they're very sharable! I wouldn't have ordered so much if it weren't restaurant week- my friends and I had to walk out with bags of leftover at the end! Can't wait to eat it for lunch tomorrow though! :)Really consistent quality! Very good, hearty Italian food.  My boyfriend and I go here at least once a week and are never let down.  Their homemade fettuccini is the best.Amazing Italian restaurant. Fresh homemade pasta. Try the shrimp pesto- you won't regret it. Great atmosphere for a Friday night out, or a business lunch.2nd time I've been here. The pasta is always great. We had the crab ravioli and seafood pesce. Both really good. The appetizers were just ok. Caprese salad was underwhelming. The cuts of mozzarella were all different sizes on the tomatoes, with one having barely any cheese. The fried calamari wasn't up to par with the rest of their food. The batter wasn't great. Overall really good and I would go back, just not my top choice with so many options in the city.Oh, Spasso. If you were a man, I would stalk and marry you. I am getting tingly thinking about it. SO GOOD. If I was told I had to gain ten pounds (for some glorious reason), I would live here and be oh, so happy (and gain 30 pounds). 
I've been twice. I want to go every day. I would, but I am a law student, so that's a no-go. But oh-my-god. YUM!!!!!
Let me start with the portions. OH THE PORTIONS! They feed you the way my mother feeds me- enough that you have leftovers to eat for breakfast the next day (if you are able to show any restraint whatsoever). My biggest beef with Philly's Italian bistro scene is that they give you 3/4 of a cup of pasta and expect you to be happy. I am an eater! And if you are giving me something tasty, I want a lot of it! Spasso delivers. Oh yum.
The bread basket. Well, the bread is homemade (I think) and awesome. It comes with pickled peppers. I would generally prefer butter or olive oil, but it is an interesting taste, and very satisfying. They will refill without asking too- there are no skinny, judgmental art students sneering at you and blatantly staring at your ass when they snidely ask if you want more bread. I appreciate that. Because yes, I do want more bread. And yes, I am interested in dessert.
And the food. Oh, the food. I have only had two things there, and frankly, I feel like I have discovered God in these foods, and will never try anything else.
1. Veal Parmiagiana. ($18)
Oh.My.God. Well let's start by saying that they don't give you a wimpy veal medallion. They give you a hunk of veal. And it is so perfectly breaded and fried- not heavy and greasy, but not "lean" and "grilled". No, it's just heaven. And the sauce. Oh, the sauce. And the cheese. And the homemade spaghetti. Please just order it. I beg you. It will change your life. I don't think words can do it justice. Trust me.
2. Gnocchi con Asparagi ($15)
Two words: truffle oil. It's lemony, earthy, cheesy, arparagus-y. Little puffy pillows of joy nestled in a sauce that made my heart sing. This meal changed my life. It hurts to remember it. I was nearly in tears at my first bite. Holy moley. If you have to choose between this and the veal parm...get both. Please? I promise you, you will be glad that you did.
It also passes (with flying colors) the canolli test. I am a canolli fan. These were awesome. But beware- they are huge. Take this from a girl who likes to eat: after the gigantic entrees, you will want to share one canolli with your date.
This food is poetic. And so authentic. And the service is excellent. And it's sort of hidden on Front Street, so it feels like a secret restaurant. Perfect place for a date- it will enchant him or her and guarantee a second date. And if the date sucks, at least you go home happy.Excellent, easy Italian food. Service was nice, location next to the lake, and incredible food.  Everything is clearly fresh and homemade, and the sauces are amazing.  I had the bruschetta and crab ravioli, and was blown away by the freshness of the tomato and crab.  The cream pesto sauce was flavorful but not overwhelming.  Highly recommend this joint if you're in Philly.After reading the review before me I jumped on the chance to go here. I wasn't dissapointed.
I was surprised ... for a Saturday night in Olde City I didn't have to make reservations, even though I did, because the place, though small, wasn't really crowded. But that doesn't mean that it wasn't really good!
Prices, I thought were pretty fair, and the service was AWESOME! if I only remembered my servers name I would totally tell you to ask for him because he was so nice! It was my friend and I on a girls night, so he sat and chatted with us for a little while, which was cute, and would check to see if we needed anything all the time, but not in the annoying way.
I had the Gorgonzola Salad and the Veal and Crab ... both of which I highly recommend! AND get a glass of wine. It was really delicious and went well with my meal (I had the Pinot Noir).
However, I don't completely agree with the protion sizes of the girl before me. I thought that I was going to be stuffed AND be taking things home like the 4th street deli does. The sizes weren't small, in fact I would day they were the perfect portions; I was able to finish everything, not feel hungry or stuffed.
Word of the wise ... try not to sit at the booth that faces the kitchen and sit more into the little seating area. We had that booth and I felt like everyone in the kitchen was always looking at us because of how the booth is set-up to face the kitchen. 
I will be going back!With hit-or-miss (mostly hit) food and impeccable service, Spasso garners a 4-star rating.
To clarify, Spasso proudly advertises that they specialize in "Italian comfort food." What this means is that you're not going to taste mind-blowingly-creative versions of Italian fare or palette-challenging specialities. You will get ample portions and properly prepared Italian classics.
Meals start out with lackluster Italian bread but absolutely scrumptious roasted antipasto veggie dip. My Fetuccine Shrimp was a disappointment, the noodles were delicious and well-textured but the "pesto cream sauce," although pleasantly light, was one-dimensional in the flavor department. The "rock shrimp" promised were tiny, overcooked, and lacked the lobstery-flavor I love about rock shrimp. I wouldn't order this dish again. The Gnocchi al Asparagi, however, was a delight. Gnocchi here are pillowy and light, like eating a cloud. The asparagus was crisp and fresh and the sauce was a complex, flavorful harmony of tangy and savory, as it demanded to be mopped up with bread. The Penne Spasso Primavera (a vegetarian custom creation we requested) had perfect pasta and fresh veggies but again suffered from a one-dimensional pink sauce.
Service, as I mentioned, was excellent. My waiter helped my picky, vegetarian dining companion order the aforementioned Penne Spasso Primavera, which isn't on the menu but was to his liking. She was very attentive to our needs and accessible. Prices were quite reasonable, most of the mains are under $20. All told, worth a stop for the fabulous gnocchi alone, but not a bad option on a small budget for Italian comfort food.Went to Spasso's when in Philly for a business trip.  I ordered the Penne Spasso, because anything with the name of the restaurant in it should be good and it certainly was.  The fact that it had bacon also didn't hurt.We have dined several times after shows. 
The wait staff is always on top of things, they always know the specials and can explain any and all questions.
As for the food, never a disappointment.  Always like home cooking.I have been to Spasso many times, mainly because I used to live directly above the kitchen. I was glad that happened because otherwise I would not have found this hidden gem. Spasso is a classic Italian restaurant that puts a lot of effort into their food to make sure that it is not only tasty but also authentic. Usually when we go in we have a few glasses of nice red wine and order up some calamari. We have ordered it both grilled and fried before and you really can't go wrong either way. It's always fresh and not chewy, there is nothing worse than feeling like you are try to chew through rubber. Pasta is the way to go here but I have had their steak before and it is quite good. 90% of the time though I get sucked into order the gnocchi gorgonzola which is absolutely amazing. The sauce is really rich and comes with a good bit of cheese in it and more importantly the gnocchi are spot on, pillowy without being too chewy. The prices here are reasonable and we have yet to have a bad experience with their service. I hope that Spasso keeps up their tradition of good service and good food and I will be back soon!At the hotel concierge and Yelp's recommendation, swung by Spasso on a drizzly Tuesday night to fill our empty bellies with some tasty Italian eats that was within walking distance to hotel.
The restaurant boasts homemade pasta and homestyle Italian comfort food.
So, what's for dinner?
Piatti Del Giorno for Tuesday - Eggplant Parmigiana (comes with linguine in pomodoro sauce) but I "upgraded to Gnocchi Con Asparagi (ghocchi in an asiago cheese, truffle oil and asparagus, lemon, white wine broth) for $2 more.
The eggplant was perfectly cooked and crisp (the edges not covered by sauce) but for some unknown reason covered with cold tomato sauce.
The side of pasta, really is a full serving.  The gnocchi texture was not gummy, but the sauce was totally not yummy and the asparagus was sparse and overcooked.
Fettuccine Shrimp (fettuccine with rock shrimp sauteed in a pesto cream sauce).
Fettuccine was too al dente.  The shrimp tasted and looked like frozen scampi shrimp you would get from the freezer box.
Service was okay, but the food was barely passible.  The serving size is generous, but who needs a lot (or even a little for that matter) of bad food?There is NO WAY I can justify this restaurant getting anything higher than 2 stars.  
We arrived at the restaurant, which was relatively quite, but then again..it was a Sunday.  We sat down and we were greeted by our waiter, who seemed pleasant.  We ordered a bunch of appetizers that were OK, and when we were asked how everything was, we responded with "very good, thank you".
So now, the fun part.  Let's move on to our dinners.  Myself and one other person had ordered the Linguine Ponza (shrimp, crab, tomato sauce), sounds good, right?!  It was the worst pasta dish I've ever had.  Ever.  Even the other person who ordered the same dish as me, said the same thing.  The shrimp had some weird flavor to them, which made me think that they probably weren't fresh.  The overall flavor was "meh" and my linguine...so over cooked they were actually mealy.  Now, for any other Italians who are reading this, you know that ANYTHING other than AL DENTE is just unacceptable!  
I'm one to give good critiques, but I'm also one to point out the "not so good".  Not for anything, but it makes your business stronger.  That's how you learn from your mistakes.  So when our waiter asked how our dinner was, I politely told him the truth.  I said, "it's OK, but my pasta is extremely overcooked".  His retort, in a very condescending manner was, "Well, I've sold over 50 of these dishes today and no one else said anything".  I'm sorry, but:
A) I wasn't bashing him or the restaurant.  I was simply answering the question.
B) In any business, you should never make a customer feel like they did/said something wrong, ESPECIALLY when they're kind about the negative review.
C) I don't believe that restaurant had 50 people order a linguine dish in that one day, let alone all week.
After this happened, our waiter never came back to our table.  There was another server who asked us if we wanted dessert, and when we said "no thank you", he reached over to the table DIRECTLY next to us...grabbed our check...and walked away.  Obviously, they got a sense that we weren't going to be interested in anything else.
The ladies' room was disgusting.  I walked in and the vanity section had unrolled toilet paper all over the floor, the stall had a clogged toilet, and the trash can immediately next to the toilet was OVERFLOWING with trash.  I guess checking in on the bathroom is only a "once a day" necessity.
If you're sightseeing Philadelphia, do yourself a favor and don't go here to eat.  There are way, way, WAY better Italian restaurants than this.  Trust me!This place is good. It was a Saturday + nightime + restaurant week = very busy restaurant. When you first walk in you are greeted by the hostess and you have wait about 30 to 45 mins for a table. So we get to our table and are greeted by our waiter. We are given menus, water, and bread. So we order our food and wait about 25 to 30 mins for our apps because we ordered alot of apps. The apps came out and it was very good. Our entrees came out about 30 mins later. Entrees was good but I found that the pasta is alittle too thick but that might be me not eating too much pasta so I dont know what fresh pasta taste like. The service was very good. I didnt mind that the food took long because it was very busy restaurant so I expected that. Overall rating: 4/5 stars.I had on okay chicken Alfredo...swear I could have cooked it myself and it would've tasted same if not better. Prices are high but It was my first time there. My company wasn't that pleased either. Maybe it was a bad day.  I'm picky with my Italian food. Plus the waitresses were lazy lolWe visited Spasso in January for one of many celebrations for my husband's 30th birthday. We had a small group that was accommodated in a private room with other groups. Our server was very informed, helpful, and courteous in spite of our antics. 
We ordered the majority of the appetizers on the menu and enjoyed all of them. As a vegetarian, I ordered the Gnocchi Gorgonzola which was delightful. The portion was substantial too. The desserts also did not disappoint, especially the cannoli. 
A great Italian find in Philly!I decided to try Spasso during Philly's Restaurant Week and couldn't have asked for more. I had never heard of Spasso but based on reviews and the menu options decided to give it a try. The restaurant is situated right next to parking and only a short walk away from other social spots. The restaurant has a romantic feel with dim lighting and a warm atmosphere. Our waiter was very knowledgeable of the menu and provided great service. The food was AMAZING! I ordered a seafood pasta (forgive me the title was in Italian) which was full of everything you could imagine and prepared with homemade pasta under the freshest seafoods. Overall this was five star dining experience, perfect for date night, a family gathering, or celebration amongst friends.laid back neighborhood italian.  i love their pastas which are fresh and perfectly al dente.  you really can't go wrong with any of their pasta dishes.  i recommend the linguine and clams in white sauce and the papardelle porcini.  the only miss at spasso is the fried calamari.  the batter is just not crispy or seasoned enough.  just try anything else on the menu but the fried calamari.  in fact, the grilled calamari is perfectly chargrilled and perfectly flavored with a splash of citrus.  as for dessert, the cannoli did the trick for me.  probably just as good as isgro's cannolis.  to me, spasso is italian comfort food.  kinda like maggiano's for my grown up life (however i still go back to maggiano's for their calamari)The owner there is VERY rude...I am elderly and had a bathroom emergency so I ran in there to use the WC. There are no other facitlites near there. He treated me like I was stealing from him yelled at me in front of everyone. My wife and I eat out every night...this is one place that will never see my $$'sWe called a few weeks before to try to make a reservation. They said probably not, but we could call the Thursday before and they might be able to accommodate us. We called, and they made a reservation for us at 8:30.
I was here with a pretty large party, around 10 or so. We thought it was BYOB, so we brought lots of wine, but unfortunately, we were mistaken. THIS IS NOT A BYOB. When we slapped our wine on the table a manager came over quickly and told us they were not. I thought she could have been a little nicer about it.
I ordered the veal parmesan, and mostly everyone ordered something different. The service was pretty slow. It was crowded in there, but not packed. It felt like a while for my food to come out. The veal was just OK. It was overcooked, and the pasta was not that good. The flavors were nothing special in general.
We asked if we could get the bills separated (one for each person) and they initially said no, it was impossible. We knew this wasn't true. We wouldn't have minded if they added tip to each bill, as is usually done with large parties, but they didn't seem to want to accommodate. They eventually split the bill for us, but it really felt like pulling teeth. The service in general felt very impersonal. 
My meal was just over $20, and I got a beer. My total was $30 including tip. For this price, I expect outstanding. And, well, it just wasn't.
At least three of the girls in my party felt sick after dinner, and one got very ill later that night. We weren't sure if it was actually food poisoning or they just ate too much, but a shame nonetheless.Came back to Spasso this past weekend for a special dinner with my boyfriend, his parents, and my parents. I called ahead to see if they could seat the 6 of us in the back room where the white table cloth round tables were, the man on the phone was very accommodating and assured me that it could be done.
We arrived and were seated right away in the back room as I requested which was very nice. Our server (I think his name was Sam?) was awesome. He was very helpful in providing suggestions for our entree sauces and sides etc. The wine we had was great.. the food was amazing. To be honest, the food was even better than I remembered from my last visit awhile back. I had the crab-meat stuffed ravioli in the pesto sauce.. never had something like that before and it was definitely a hit! All 6 of us ate our entire meals! The dessert menu was also very good, my favorite was the tiramisu.
My parents hate coming into the city because of parking, prices, etc. But they both agreed they would definitely come back to Spasso for a fun city dinner because the prices were great and the food was even better!My mom came into town yesterday for First Friday - so I did a little researching for a good place to eat that wouldn't break the bank.  Out of all the restaurants I had on my list, we decided Spasso would be the best.  The waitstaff was attentive, water glass always filled, the meal was perfectly timed, and the food was delicious.  I started off with the caesar salad - tasty homemade dressing and croutons to top it off.  Both my mom and I had the veal parm.  It was a generous portion with..... THE BEST PASTA EVER!   It's obviously made in house and was worthy of a return trip alone.  I asked for alfredo sauce instead of the red and it was excellent.  Too full from the meal, we didn't try the dessert.  However, if the meal is any idication of how good the dessert is, I will surely save room on the return trip.Arrived for our 7:30 reservation (Open Table) - which the hostess did not find at first,  and then she immediately tried to steer us to a back room, even thought the front room was 3/4 empty. Since the front room had some energy and the back room had none we asked to be seated up front. The room is nothing special, not much atmosphere or decor. Our server came quickly and was perky if distracted. We each had an app and a main course. I had a salad, it was fine, nothing memorable, and a pasta with mushrooms, sundried tomatoes and a creamy sauce. It was properly prepared and pretty good, nothing great. The selection of wine by the glass was short and just ok. At one point during our meal our server came by and he stated (not asked) that everything was ok. That was the extent of the contact we had with any staff. 
Basically nothing here was terrible, but we never felt welcomed, and the place itself was nothing special. The food was just okay.The best risotto I have ever tasted. I went on a night when seafood risotto was a special and man did I get lucky. The outdoor seating was very nice, but the inside seemed great too. The overall atmosphere was very impressive, perfect for dates or nights out.  Our waiter was actually Italian, which was a nice change. 
The others in my party ordered a seafood medley dish over noodles and the lobster ravioli. I sampled the ravioli, and I instantly knew what I was getting next time. Good drink selection, more variety than the usual Italian place, and pretty good location. I will be returning next time I'm in Philly. 
This place set the bar for Italian restaurants for me, and few places have come close to comparing.I have been here quite a few times for different occasions and have not been disappointed. Everything I tried was good. Just a few examples: escargot was excellent; I couldn't decide on the grilled or fried calamari so the waiter got us half and half and they were both good; and the tiramisu is just heaven. The service has always been good also. Highly recommend this place!Parking is tough but worth the effort. Everything was exceptional. The antipasto was over the top best I ever had. Warm Italian bread served with capanati soooo good. Fresh made pappardelle was so light it melts in your mouth. Sunday night the have Brazoli. Oh my goodness.  Soooo good!
Wish this place was near our home. We'd both look like the Sopranos in a week!My boyfriend and I went to Spasso to celebrate our 2nd Christmas together. It was a really nice ambiance inside. Only problem was we were seated at a half-booth and sat a little awkwardly on one end. No biggie though.
Food and wine were delicious! We had the calamari to start as well as the bread and olive oil -- we were in heaven. I got a Seafood Pasta medley, can't remember the exact name. Staff was very nice and attentive. We took most of our entrees home because we were so stuffed!
Overall, I really like it here. I will definitely be back!I would rate 5 star because the food is excellent but unfortunately our waiter, Noel, was very rude. He brought out the wrong dish for my husband and instead of aplogizing he seemed very put out that my husband didn't want it. He also never brought out one of our side orders and once again never apologized or showed any concern.Wow! Came here for this round of CC Restaurant Week. I've been to so many places for RW, but Spasso was by far the best deal and the best food. I respect so much that they don't limit their RW menu at all. The options are endless and the portions are more than enough. Come hungry and leave with leftovers! (Or eat it all - who am I to judge?) 
For $35 for dinner you get 4 courses. 
1st course-any appetizer on the menu. My squad and I got 4 different options and split them. The crab cakes were my favorite and the mussels were my least favorite. We also got the arancini balls and calamari - very delicious!  
2nd course-penne and sauce - simple but tasty. 
3rd course-ANY entree. Literally no limitations. I got the chicken parm. Huuuge and delicious!!! 
4th course-ANY dessert. I got the delicious cream puff with ice cream and chocolate! 
Not to mention, we got a bottle of wine and complimentary bread and veggies. I will most definitely be back next RW and hopefully before then too! Located in a great location in Olde City. The aesthetic is chic. The service is amazing! 
If I could give out 10 stars, Spasso would get all 10. Well done!Disappointed. I read reviews and was excited to check this place out for our wedding anniversary. We made reservations thru Open Table ap. When we made the reservations it showed Spasso was a part of restaurant week for Saturday 1/27. I made the reservations thinking we'd get a great meal at a great price. I was pleasantly surprised. 
Our table wasn't ready when we got there, which was actually a relief. I wanted to sit at the bar for a drink and relax. The bartenders were super busy and I had to wait about 5 minutes to be acknowledged and for a drink menu and another 5 to give my order. I ordered the partridge in a pear tree. By the time I got my drink my table was ready and I couldn't sit and enjoy it like I wanted -  but it was delicious. 
When we got to our table we were informed restaurant week ended the day before. Confused, my husband looked on his phone and brought up the website that stated it was indeed recognizing restaurant week that evening. We didn't make a thing about it... he was actually relieved we could order from a bigger menu. 
I ordered the goat cheese and walnut salad which was AMAZING! He ordered calamari and mozzarella for an appetizer which was so good. I ordered a pear martini from the waiter. It was terrible. Too strong. It actually burned my nose when I brought it up to drink it. I kept putting ice in it to water it down. It was undrinkable. The waiter didn't even acknowledge that I didn't touch it. I'm not a complainer so I was hoping he would notice so I could send it back. 
We were both disappointed in our entree. We ordered linguine ponza and linguine with clams. The linguine was really undercooked. We didn't finish it. I got mine wrapped to go my husband didn't. 
Like I said, I was disappointed. We won't be returning.