Not a fan.  If you don't explicitly ask for something they don't put it on.  Also very small portions.  Feeling like a tourist trap!  Small portions, unimpressive- Subway would make a better one.  The mushrooms are the ones out of the can Save your money.Pretty good! The line was quite long at lunchtime, but it went quick. I think it would be worthy of four stars, but they lose out because our orders werent complete. I asked for mushrooms, and my husband asked for peppers, and the sandwiches we got didnt have them. But, they were good sandwiches regardless.Wanted a cheese steak and headed to closest place. Place was packed l. Good sandwich (steak and provolone) but pricey compared to size of sandwich.Hefty portions for the hefty price, but an undistinctive cheesesteak at that. I'd have to agree with everyone else here who says this is overrated. The meat and cheese weren't flavorful and the roll tasted generic, with the overall effect being that of a super-sized cafeteria sandwich. The server was courteous and funny, though, probably helped by the fact that I showed up during a slow period.Service is terrible. I waited in line for long long time while the staff are angry. Worst cheesesteak I've ever tried by far.Not impressed at all. The one place i didnt yelp and it was one of the worst.  Big mistake . I saw the long line and assumed it was good.  They charged extra for lettuce, tomatoe and mayo. They didnt toast the bread and it was kinda cold. There wasnt enough meat for the size of sub i got.  meat I found it to be overpriced. The staff wasnt all that friendly either.  Definitely wont be coming back. 
Definitely yelp ur places!!!!!!Came here on a business trip so I decided to try the first Philly steak place I saw in the Market. There was a long line so I figured this was a good sign. The staff taking orders have horrible attitudes... horrible. The cooks were efficient, but the grill was real dirty! My sandwich was done in less than 10 min. We sat and ate.... the sandwich was good but the meat had no flavor... none at all and was dry.  Zero seasoning!?? The cheese made up for the meat so it was overall good but not sure I would return. They are better than Pat, Genos & Carmen's.I rarely write reviews, but had such a bad experience here last Saturday, I felt compelled to write one for this place. I would give this place 0 stars if I could. Went to RT for lunch with my family, and my dad and I decided on cheesesteaks.  First of all, the lady taking orders was beyond rude. I know you have a line and want to move people through it fast, but people will have questions. She basically ignored all our questions, never looked at us and got really annoyed when we tried to say anything. The girl next to her was just as bad. Had to tell her multiple times what we wanted to drink. She got annoyed at us when she was the one forgetting what drinks wanted. Spataro obviously tries to make sure their customers never come back for a second time.  Fortunately I didn't pay much attention to the cook. I imagine he is like what people say in the other reviews.
After the rude ordering experience, I thought maybe the cheesesteak will make up for it.  Nope.  As others have said.  Very dry, not much flavor and also not much cheese in the sandwich. Have had made much better pretty much everywhere else. My dad couldn't even finish his, he disliked it so much, and he rarely throws away food. 
On top of the horrible food and service, it was way over priced. I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone. Everything about it was terrible.Does not really provide the real philly cheese steak. Very little cheese and meat is in very small pieces. I've had a lot better.Went here to get a cheesesteak but was extremely disappointed. The meat was very dry. Steak-umms are juicier than this meat. It was very bland tasting. The american cheese was not even melted just heated up. The fries were soggy and bland. The line moved quickly so I will give it two stars.Yummy philly cheesesteaks! They have been known to be oily in other places but not here! Big portion and tender meat with yummy veggies for 9.99! Good location in a cute market! I would come back!Isn't Philly cheese stake supposed to be as iconic New York pizza? That's what I expected here, but sadly they did not deliver, and I ended up feeling like I'd just wasted more than $10 on sub standard take away sandwich. What was the beef? Bland. With onion and provolone, it didn't even taste seasoned = BLAND.Was in the mood for a steak while shopping at the Terminal Market, I didn't have high hopes tbh after reading the reviews of this place . I got exactly what the other reviews got , a bland , boring steak. Wasn't bad .. Or good .. Was just meeehhh.. So many better food options at the market that I actually felt stupid for going there . Service was fast and friendly . The sandwich was just dry and boring . Needed more wiz, some type of hot sauce and some cherry peppers .. In other words , it needed to be PAT'S.. Lol. I won't be repeating .exactly what this 2 star rating system says it is... "Meh. I've experienced better."
If you're in philly, just drive somewhere else or walk to a diff cheesesteak place in this market and get a better one. 
The cheesesteak was meh. the meat was dry and kinda bland. 
Some good things though... they do give you a lot of meat. more than carmen's which is also in the market. and the cheese was pretty good (i got provolone)
But yeah. not the best chesesteak. 
just go to Dinic's and get a roast pork with broccoli rabeThe line for this place was incredibly long, so I decided to get my cheesesteak here, without consulting yelp. That was a mistake. 
To be fair, I didn't get sick from my food. But after waiting close to 30 minutes for my food, I'm expecting something amazing. I got the cheesesteak, with whiz, peppers, onions and mushrooms. I guess because I ordered it with a few things extra, they decided to let 6 people cut in front of me and get their sandwiches first. I was not a fan of that. 
When we finally ate our sandwiches, my friends and I all agreed. They were flavorless. The steak sandwiches at Subways are 100x better than what we ate here. I don't understand why the line for this place is so long.Really nothing special. The difference between the steaks you can get from the carts around center city and this joint is just the price. Now don't get me wrong, I like the cart steaks, but they are half the price. Maybe the bread was a quarter of a notch better than the rolls from the carts. Maybe it was the same. Meh. I do appreciate that they use "real" american cheese as opposed to american cheese sauce.
The girls that work there have a bit of an attitude, so if you like that kind of thing, enjoy. I don't have the taste for that. If you do, you probably like getting whipped while hanging out in a dungeon decked out in patent leather. Whatever turns you on. These lovely ladies also try and upsell you a bunch, which is also not my favorite. They ask me if I wanted peppers. They ask me if I wanted mushrooms. They asked me other stuff. I ordered the cheesesteak specifying the kind of cheese and whether I wanted onions. It was obvious this wasn't my first cheesesteak. Maybe if they had a different demeanor I could believe that they were trying to "offer to enhance my cheesesteak" but I don't believe so. 
The steak was chopped up really fine, and wasn't too bad. At the RTM, there are lots of options. And in Philly, there are a lot of cheesesteak joints. Remember that.Incredibly bad Philly cheese steak- low quality meat, dry and plain! It's also overprice. Irony any Philly cheese steaks in Chicago or NYC are better than this place.Honestly worst cheesesteak philly's ever had. And rude cook who was yelling at a customer just because she didnt hear him call her number.Pleasantly surprised.  Being a native I have my steak spots so when I terminal for lunch I opt for other treats.  Had some TX friends visiting and on time constraints.  So the reading terminal was our one stop food spot.  They have never had a cheesesteak so we opted to try Spataro's in our philly foods sampling.  I forewarned that I had never been and was not sure how good it is but there is always a line and it's been here for years so it couldn't be bad.   Sure enough I was right and it was better than I expected.  Everyone was a fan.   Its not my best of philly vote but if you're visiting....  highly recommend over the trek to tourist traps Genos & Pats.  Quality of steak is superior to these famous spots and it's a great location walking distance to the city sights.I only had the breakfast sandwich but it was awesome!  I also enjoyed the ambience of being in reading terminal.. Great people watching area..Per my Coworker:
Rude staff. 
They pretend to put onions on your cheesesteak, even if it's clear that you really like onions and ask twice if they put onions on it. There are a hundred other places to eat in the RTM next time I will be eating elsewhere. 
#BringYourOwnOnionsWhile this was my first ever Philly Cheesesteak, I have a sneaking suspicion that someday I will say there are better ones out there. Also, the guy who makes them, while very friendly, has got to be breaking every single health code standard ever. Not a glove or hairnet in sight. Go elsewhere.Eehh, it was just ok.  Nothing spectacular. Just a cheesesteak with very small amount of cheese,  peppers, mushrooms and onions.Me and my wife went on vacation and stayed in Philly for one nite. We seen the liberty bell and jumped on the Phlash to go down a couple blocks to Reading Terminal Market. I have never had a Cheesesteak before but this one was SO GOOD! I just had ketchup and lettuce on it and this thing rocked. Everybody was nice and there is plenty of open seating near it.I ordered 3 cheesesteaks to-go during our family trip to the market in which you will find this establishment. I couldn't find the shop I wanted among all the other stalls offering cheese steaks and Philly favorites, so I settled on this one.  They offer different cheeses and versions of the famous cheese steak sandwich.  The subs were prepared quickly and in organized fashion.  We weren't wowed by the steaks, but they were tasty.  The bread could be better toasted and warmed for my liking, while I found the steak to be drier than I like.  I asked for ketchup,  but it wasn't enough to add flavor or moisture. It's worth the stop if you're looking for cheese steak,  but there are also many other options.I couldn't leave PHL without having at least one Philly cheesesteak. When I saw the long line in front of Spataro's, and with 72 years of experience, I was sure I'd have a good one here. I ordered a cheesesteak with provolone cheese and cooked onions. The sandwich I received had no cheese and very few onions. The meat was dry, dry, dry -- so much that it  was crumbly and literally fell out of the roll. The meat was totally void of taste and desperately needed at least some salt. Do yourself a favor and skip Spataro's.this place is an absolute complete joke. Girl behind the register with a nose ring is the absolute most rude person i have ever met. Gave me the blank cmon man look when i was trying to ask questions. Got yelled at by the fat girl again for forgetting a bag when i couldnt hear. Would never recommend this shit hole to anyone. Big fat ugly man on the grill thinks hes too cool for school i mean , i understand if the food was actually good . but cmon man? i was spitting out chunks of black burned shit when was the last time they cleaned the grill. Also dont come here if u have kids because u will hear the fat man shouting profanity at his workers. WORST STEAK IN PHILLY not worth the wait not worth anything really.Needed a microscope to find the Cheese whiz and still didn't see it. Canned mushrooms. Steak ums. Good peppers and fresh bread. Line moves fast.Went here to have a Philly cheesesteak... this place was a total disappointment. I've had better cheesesteaks in Virginia. I tried it with the "cheese whiz" because they recommended it because it was my first time. And it was so bland and needed a lot more flavor. It's was pretty gross. Also tried the cheesesteak with American cheese... tasted the same. The cheesesteak was still gross. Travel a little further and get yourself a real Philly cheesesteak.We did a cheesesteak comparison by trying DeNic's (also in the Reading Terminal Market), Spataro's, and my all time hands down favourite Tony Luke's (not in the RTM).
I order a cheeseteak and specified no peppers or mushrooms and of course when I opened it, it had peppers, canned mushrooms, and a bonus (pubic hair).
Before I saw the hair, I had eaten about half of the sandwich already grousing at how nothing compares to Tony Luke's so I knew I wouldn't be going back to Spataro's anyways. And when I saw the hair, I was too grossed out and ended uo checking the sandwich away not even bothering to wrap it back! And I didn't bother telling them because for me, i will NEVER be going back to Spataro's!
I'd rate this at below zero if I coukd have -- not sure why there is a queue for this place.
The photo attached is 1/4 of the sammy not containing the hair.Most disgusting cheese steak ever. We threw it away and went to Dutch East. Fries were edible.Not my favorite, but not the worst I've had. It was kind of dry. I had to use some of the cheese from the cheese fries to Give it some flavor. Ordering is a little confusing, because you have to order on one side and pick up on the other. My husband ordered two and cheesefries, when he went to pick up; they said the ticket had only one on it. He knew he ordered two because it was for three of us. The girl at the register was snippy and rude, but the girl controlling the line quickly put a kabash on that and helped my husband out.Average tasting cheesesteak made quickly from a standard menu of options. Staff is polite and prices are consistent with other options in Reading Terminal.I really should have consulted Yelp prior to getting this cheesesteak. I just figured I was in the famous Reading Market so everything must be good. I was so, so incredibly wrong.
Eating a Spataro's Cheesesteak is low key my fault. As stated, I did not check my trusty Yelp app for the best cheesesteak options within the market. I also noticed Spataro's line was leaps and bounds shorter than Carmen's. See, if I were a true foodie, I would have known to go with the longer line. However, I was lazy and impatient. You can take my foodie card whenever you please, I understand. 
I ordered three cheesesteaks: one wit(h) onions, mushrooms & provolone, one wit(h) onions & provolone, and one wit(h) onions, mushrooms and wit(h) onions, mushrooms & cheese whiz. (I'm throwing out the wits simply because I want the respect of native Philadelphians.) I also had two sides of fries. The line was slow moving - but nearly everything with a line in Reading is. You have to be patient and hope to be rewarded with excellent food. For nearly every stall here, that will be the case. For Spataro's...not so much. 
There didn't seem to be a rhyme or reason as to how the sandwiches were coming out. People before me waited longer than people behind me. I couldn't comprehend it as everything that I saw on the flat top was steak. We're all ordering the same thing; what gives? I eventually received all my food and sat down with my family.
I don't know if this is typical of Philly cheesesteak, but boy - these babies were dry and bland. I noticed the DeNic's roast pork also seemed to be missing some lubricant so I tried to chalk it up to a Philly preference. That being said, these sandwiches desperately needed seasoning. The veggies and cheese were practically non-existent. In order for that to be okay the meat needed to really shine. If you aren't aware, cheesesteak meat is typically thinly sliced ribeye. Because it's being cooked well done, it needs to be seasoned well and made by someone who knows what they're doing. It's blatantly obvious that Spataro's is just throwing whoever back there because the meat was borderline crispy and dreadfully dull. I had to hunt down some mayo just to get the sandwich down. I'm that type of person who will suffer through mundane food if I bought it myself. Remember guys, I just finished college. The pocketbooks aren't exactly overflowing at the moment.
Do yourself a favor and skip Spataro's. Go to Carmen's. Or better yet, venture to Reading Terminal for anything but cheesesteaks. Take a hike over to one of the OG spots like Pat's or Geno's so you can get an authentic cheesesteak experience and make a sound decision on whether or not you actually like them. Giving them 2 stars is me trying to be a nice person. Don't make the same mistakes I did.Listen, I stood in the line with all the other folks in Reading Terminal taking a risk, a gamble on whether or not this would be a good cheesesteak. It sucks! Sadly, I couldn't get service well enough to dig through more reviews because this place's main product is disgusting! There was nothing wrong with my tots except I had to wait awkwardly outside of the line having received my steak and I hadn't gotten my tots yet. But seriously, SAVE YOUR TIME AND MONEY! This place is not even friendly to make up for the lack of their below subpar steak. Truly sad to have been duped as a native Philadelphian. I'll stick to my regular haunts.Walking around Reading Terminal this weekend, we decided to grab a cheesesteak at Spataro's as part of our lunch run here (and it's close to The Original Turkey, which is where we went to get the rest of our food). The line can be a little slow, as it's one person working the register and one guy making all the steaks. I can't speak to whether or not he simply leaves meat cooking if no one is in line...if so, that's poor form. But on a busy weekend day, everything is getting made fresh on the spot, so no complaints from me. It probably took around 15 minutes or so from getting onto line to getting the steak, but it was hot and fresh off the grill. The meat is pretty standard, but it's pretty succulent and doesn't really require anything additional on it. Combined with a hearty dose of Whiz (it definitely looked like he gave 4 or 5 generous pumps from the dispenser, you get what any cheesesteak should be - properly greasy, cheesy goodness. I also like that the Whiz doesn't coagulate on the steak like it has at other places I've had...I think this is due to the fact that after Whizzing up the bun, the guy places it on top of the meat and lets it cook for all of about 5 seconds - enough to keep it all in its gooey glory. The buns are soft and fresh as well, so you don't crunch through and make a mess.
I wouldn't call it the best steak I've ever had, but it's definitely better than a good number that I've had in Philly in the past (as well as just about better than any I've had in NY). If you're in Center City, you can probably do worse for a steak...the only downside is the wait (if you're in a rush) and that it costs almost $9 after-tax...which seems a bit high, but it's been almost 5 years since I was here for school, so with inflation it might make a bit of sense.Okay... So I came here due to suggestions that it's better than Pats, Genos, and Tony Lukes.. My expectations were high of course....
I'll make this short... This is a cart cheese steak.. Not really sure why a lot are comparing it to Pats, Genos, and TL..... I can get the same steak on a cart for a cheaper price...
Servings is okay thoughRarely do I have enough effort to log into yelp to write a review but this place more than deserves this. 
POSSIBLY WORST CHEESESTEAKS IN PHILLY. This place is a complete joke. The cheesesteak roll is wrong, the meat is terrible, they literally give you 1/4 of the amount of meat as any other place in philly, the service is terrible, the line is terrible, the price is ridiculous. I felt like I was getting an inauthentic kids size cheesesteak. How is this place even in business?  The worst part is that a lot of tourists come to philadelphia for a cheesesteak and they're given this crap!? 
Dont go here.We came for Reading Terminal Market for breakfast and there are a billion merchants to choose from so it's tough to actually hone in on a place because there are just so many options! We were so indecisive so we just settled on Spataro's for a breakfast sandwich. We figured we would go to a more iconic place for a cheese steak.
I just ordered a bacon, egg and cheese breakfast sandwich and thought it was mediocre. The bacon wasn't that crispy and the bread was too soft. Lots of eggs in the sandwich though. It's a decent sized sandwich and tied me over for the morning. 
I'm sure you can find a better place for a breakfast sandwich inside Reading Terminal Market but Spataro's just happened to be in the area we decided to finally pick a place.Spataro's offers a solid cheesesteak but quite honestly it isn't any better than Jersey Mike's and no where near the quality of White House subs. Their tater tots are good but again nothing out of the ordinary.Avoid.
Staff: Rude
Ceesesteak:  Lacked flavor.  Definitely over priced.  With so many other awesome options in the market, this is one is not worth the wait or price.2.5 stars.
Crowed, busy day at the market.  Its July, people want out of the heat.
The wife had a lunch with out of town co-workers at Spataro's.  
Line was long, but service moved along quickly.
Ordered a cheesesteak with extra American cheese, fries and drink.
Sandwich was greasy, cheese not melted.  Soggy roll.
Fries were fine and meat was finely chopped and not grisly.   Sandwich was stuffed with meat.
Not bad, but not great.
Meh.I think Spataro deserves more love than it is getting. I thought their cheesesteak was amazing. The meat was so finely chopped, flavorful and yet not overly salty or greasy (relatively speaking, of course). The roll was a lovely thing and the cheese (we chose provolone) took a backseat to the quality of the beef, which I for one appreciated. Skip the silly lines at di nick's and go here!Didn't think it was possible to get a horrible cheesesteak in this city, but it seems possible after visiting Spataro's. Researched a bunch of different places at the Reading Terminal, and unfortunately I didn't spend enough time looking into this place before we decided on trying a Cheesesteak (with American) for lunch. It was quick to order, but I stood in a confusing line for about 10 minutes before I was handed a truly disappointing sandwich. 
While it was kind of fun to watch the grill master work, it just made me terribly sad to see him work with frozen sheets of mystery meat and that my sandwich was going to be made from the dried out heap of meat that had been sitting on the grill waiting to be worked with while he went through the other meat. We ordered french fries to go with the sandwich, and without any instruction from the cashier, you pick them up at the other end of the counter from where you pick up the sandwiches. Fortunately I was standing in front of the fry cook when he shouted "if you order fires, you pick them up here," so i learned the trick, but I imagine others have probably never gotten their fries since they weren't so lucky. 
After all that waiting the fries (in a plastic clamshell) were limp and had no seasoning.  The meat was also lacking in any flavor/seasoning and was incredibly dried out. It also tasted and smelled burnt, most likely because it sat on the grill so long waiting to thaw and be used in a sandwich. Was it the worst sandwich I've ever eaten? No. But there are certainly much better options in Philly and certainly within the Terminal to give your time and money to.This place is terrible 
Order your food and than wait 40 minutes for it to be prepared 
Overpriced and underwhelming 
Don't waste your money or more importantly your timeOk this place was quick.  The staff was friendly and happy. And the line moved at a great pace.  The meat was decent and the bread was ok.  I ordered the Cheesesteak with mushrooms onions and sweet peppers.  The sandwich was big and hot.  The thing that knocked this down in my opinion was that the peppers tasted like they were vinegar soaked and the whole sandwich tasted like vinegar.  Not the taste of a traditional cheesesteak.  I will try the other place next week.  But this place isn't worth the timeI'm at the Reading Terminal Market. I'm also in Philly at the same time. I'm also craving some cheese steak. So, after scoping out the stalls here at the market, I said I'll be purchasing here.
So, a cheese steak with cheese wiz, mushrooms, onions and peppers. I paid at the counter, they game me a number and a few minutes later, my order comes out at the other side. 
Cheese Steak: It was ok,, didn't really present very well. The cheese was at the bottom, so all of my snapchat followers were like, "where's the cheese?" The taste was pretty good, but still wasn't better than then food carts out on the streets. 
Service was pretty good. Their area is kept clean and tidy. Very welcoming sight and their employees were really nice. 
Thank you for reading my review. I hope all that stuff helps. Enjoy your awesome yelptastic day!!!Hmm I thought the sandwich was decent it wasn't amazing as the other places I tried. But it was a simple sandwich with brikset,cheese whiz , onions and mushroom. The bread itself was okay wasn't amazing or anything. The taste was good but in my opinion it taste alot more better than Tommy dinics spotI can't say I'm a huge philly cheesesteak snob but when we were short on time and just HAD to have one before we left the city, we came here to try the hype out. Yes, I hear it's no Jims or whatever, but this place was dank. The bread was soft, the meat was cooked perfectly, and the cheez whiz was the glue that held it all together. Even the sweet peppers here were on point. We came here at 9 am on a Monday so there wasn't a line and the people are friendly when you order. Overall, I enjoyed this place a lot!One star for the cashier. Acts like we are bothering them in their own home. If this IS your home, don't invite people to order food. You don't like where you work and what you do, GTFO.  Remember, you're at work, people gonna want some service without the bitchy attitude.Fast friendly service for a VERY busy restaurant. They were very efficient and had a great system. We were able to find seating at the market but I can see how that can be difficult most days. I had the Philly Cheesesteak with Cheese Whiz and though it was pretty tasty!Had this as my last lunch in Philly. This was the better of the cheesesteaks that I had all week! If you visit the Reading Market Terminal, you gotta try this place out! To get it the Philly way, you need to get your Cheez team with cheese wiz!Just had lunch here.  I asked for a steak with provolone, lettuce tomato, mayo, onion and hot peppers.  Found a table  and my sandwich was missing the hot peppers completely, the steak was dry and I couldn't find the provolone except for maybe a few crumbs.  My wife ordered a steak and cheese as well but she was satisfied with her sandwich (all different addons)..  I guess I'm pickier.  We also ordered one order of fries and 2 medium sodas.  For a total bill of just under $31 I will not be going back here.I had some extra time to get something to eat before getting to work so I really wanted to try something at Reading Terminal that isn't $5, but a little under. So this place has egg sandwiches that start at $3ish, so I got the egg and cheese on wheat toasted sliced bread for $3.75 included with tax. Not bad, unless you're comparing to some food cart breakfast sandwiches that might not be using quality bread or actual whole wheat bread. Most carts don't even have that type of bread selection. This is obviously worth it here, as most places I've found in Reading Terminal is $5 and above for a breakfast sandwich that has extra stuff with it, which I don't want. I just wanted a simple egg sandwich, and I'm glad I found just the place that has it! I don't carry cash most times so it's better for me. But of course, it's better for any businesses to pay with cash than with card. I can't wait to eventually try their cheesesteaks and other food though! Until next time.Go here if you're new to the cheesesteak.  You can go to Geno's too for that tourist feel.  But if you want legit cheesesteak, then Tony Luke's is probably your best bet.  People seem to like Spataro though.  Their line was much longer than Carmen's.
I thought it was ok.  They could have put a little more meat or even onions and peppers for the price I paid.  But for many, this place is a necessity more than a novelty.  With all of the businesses in the area, Spataro can charge a premium price without putting out a premium product.
No longer interested...My Philly cheesesteak was amazing. But the fries are lacking. I wouldn't waste my money getting them just the sand which. Not the best Philly I've ever had but overall it's worth trying.The breakfast was so delicious. The Philly cheesesteak was good but it was the only one I ended up trying this trip. I would definitely go back for the breakfastMy review in bullet points:
- Long line but went super fast
- A bit pricey considering the fare
- Fries leave something to be desired
- PCS bread was great, wiz was - well, cheesy, and steak was well cooked but lacked seasoning
Considering this is the only Philly Cheese Steak I had while visiting, I almost want to go back to the city just to eat a better one...Comparing to other famous cheesesteak shop like Sonny's, this one is a bit flat. The meat is dry and less tasty. I guess you pay for what you get. Overall it is still good cheesesteak but need some improvement.I have had cheesesteaks from Philly and this is the worst. Very limited on the onions and cheese no salt. It was just bland and dry. The line was very long so I thought it would be good but it was just extremely disappointing.Ordered a cheese steak with hot peppers.  They put ketchup on their steaks,  was blown away a bit, but kind of enjoyed the taste.  Was just enough ketchup that it did not take away from the meat/bread.  Meat was nice and tender, peppers were just enough.  Roll was nice and fresh. 
One think I have found out about Philly Cheesesteaks, it seems the roll is what sets them apart.  There are so many choices that are outside the tourist traps (Geno's/Pat's).  Spataro's is one of them.We ordered 2 Philly cheese steaks, one with mushrooms and the other with banana jalapeños. They turned out delicious but they were only so good because I was accompanied by the most beautiful and amazing women I have met in my life (excluding my loving mother of course). I love her so much and although this is off on a tangent I couldn't resist including her on my review.l :)Nasty!  Just disgusting!  So overrated...don't waste your money!  Tourist trap...
I visited Philly for the floral show at the convention center as a work field trip.  My group decided to eat at RTM during the lunchtime rush.  Ugh  
*Advice to all...don't do it!  Especially during lunch hours*
My group decided to eat here...So disappointing!!
First, the staff was so rude.  Just simply, no customer service at all.  Short, curt answers.  No welcome, just a 'What do you want?' attitude as though they're doing me a favor.
Paid for my food ($16 bucks, btw, for a sub, bottle of water, and reg fries), then shuffled along to a side area to get my lunch.  The guys behind the window began to bark orders at everyone *literally screaming while rolling their eyes* to get fries first, then move down.  How were we supposed to know that?  There's no sign or anything to tell customers what to do.  And, you don't have to scream at your paying customers to get us to listen.
The overweight 'chef' then proceeded to touch raw meat, then the cooking utensils, then the sub bread with the SAME gloved hands.  Guess in Philly they've never heard of cross contamination!  Wonder if those gloves had been changed at all, all day?  Hmmm, where's the health department when you need 'em?
The ingredients I wanted on my sub were nonexistent.  It seemed as though the overweight guy was more focused on quantity vs. quality.  Not to mention, he didn't use an ounce of seasoning!  Literally, it was unmelted cheese, meat, and onions (forgot to add my lettuce, mushrooms, and peppers) on a sub roll.  That's it!  Nothing special, no seasoning.  Just a bland cheesesteak, in Philly of all places...the capital of delicious cheesesteaks.  Never again!  Save your money and your time and visit McDs instead.
One star for receiving extra ketchup.Lowest-ranking cheesesteak in Reading Terminal. Meat dry, cheese not melted, small portion for $10. There are better steaks in the market.We stumbled upon Spataro's while looking for breakfast options at the Reading Terminal. The ordering/pick up process is slightly confusing and unorganized. I got a bacon, egg, and cheese on a long roll, and my boyfriend got a steak, egg, and cheese. They were really tasty and filled us up. We each got a hash brown and they were just how I like them- crispy on the outside, tender on the inside. We also got coffees. They were fine. I would eat here again, but there's so many options for food spots in the RT and there was nothing spectacular about this place.DO NOT BUY FOOD from this place! The employees are rude especially the ladies at the register including the owner/manager. There was a hair on my steak sandwich and when we realized we had the wrong cheese On 2 of the order so went back and they accused me of ordering the wrong order and made me pay for a new one. As expensive as they are they should have as a courtesy granted a free one. I have never been to a place where customer service was not their priority. Walt's priority was not making the customer service!It was ok.   I will give it another shot next time.  Maybe I'm just not a fan of cheesesteaks.   I'll have some others and see.How can this be?!?!????
I am seriously kicking myself for FAILING to pull up the rating BEFORE I decided to place an order. Seriously, if I didn't know better I would swear this was a prank! Rudeness has to be one of the required skill sets to work here. This place gets the award for the worse customer service known to mankind. I have honestly ---never ever ever experienced such poor customer service at an establishment. I should've paid attention early on. 
As I approached the counter, two employees were in a heated exchange but I chalked it up to a bad moment. So I approach the counter to order and the cashier summoned me towards her as if I were the kid back in junior high that she didn't want to pick for her basketball team but had to because I was the only participant left. After paying, I stood in a different assembly styled line for food pick up, I witnessed the fry guy berating a customer who failed to hear her order number called the first time around. 
The fries & tots are on top of the counter and you can pick them up with no proof of payment. Weird but that's the set up. DIY. 
The sandwiches are decent but the service is so bad, I'd recommend skipping it even if there was a BOGO offer.A friend recommended this place. There was a long line that went around the corner! Being in Philly, I wanted to try a true Philly Cheese Steak. I had ordered the Philly Cheese Steak with provolone cheese, mushroom, onions and peppers! I thought the sandwich was very good, hot and juicy. I only wish the Cheese was melted more!Spataro's has the persona of a serious cheesesteak contender. It has gruff but fast-moving service with echoes of the Soup Nazi. Do not ask for gluten-free. But the sandwich disappointed. The meat wasn't very appealing and there wasn't enough cheese to cover it up.I should have checked yelp! I was deceived by the long lines here. The cheesesteak had was not great. Meat was bland and i couldn't find the cheese in my cheesesteak. And it cost more than better tasting cheesesteaks I've had from other places!I went to visit the Reading Terminal Market hoping to find a taste of the famous Philadelphia cheesesteak.  If you are reading this, do yourself a favor and try a different spot.  DO NOT ORDER IT HERE!!! The meat was dry and no flavor.  I had better cheesesteak in Virginia. 
I wasn't there to make friends but the service was awful, from the beginning to the end of my experience there.  The staff that were working on Tuesday the 9th were rude and didn't know how to make a proper Philadelphia cheesesteak.Wasn't amazing, wasn't horrible. I got the provolone cheesesteak with mushrooms- was a little dry & paid a dollar extra for mushrooms... Wasn't given many mushrooms. Fries were made from frozen bag. My dad got the cheesesteak with whiz (that is all the rave here) and did not like it. Not sure if that's the whiz he didn't like or the sandwich over all. 
If you are in Reading market looking for a cheesesteak, I would recommend going to Carmen's. Seemed to have a long line of people so that must mean it's goodWas headed for Gino's or Pat's for a cheesesteak but came here instead on a friends  recommendation.  Ordered a cheesesteak with wiz and mushrooms. A solid 4 * with a nice portion of meat. Inside the reading market that had plenty of seating but had to wait for a table. Will have to come back to Philly to try Gino and Pats :-)Spataro's had the shortest line out of all the cheesesteak places in the Market which is why I decided to get it from here. Now I know why no one was waiting here. The meat was dry and needed some more flavor/seasoning. Even with the fried onions to make it "wet", it was still dry. I asked for it with provolone and all it came with was one thin slice that wasn't melted at all. On the plus side, the roll was nice and soft and the hot peppers I added on was very good.Tried this place based on the longer line and not the average rating on yelp. Worst cheesesteak ever. Dry, flavorless and low quality meat best describe it. Maybe it was an off day. Don't think I'll come back to find out.Had to get a cheesesteak since I was craving it after I had it at Jim's 2 days prior so decided to grab lunch at Spataro, inside the Reading Terminal Market.
Decided on a cheesesteak with provolone and both sweet and hot peppers.  For each cheesesteak, you get three slices of cheese (either American or Provolone), which is a little stingy compared to some other places.  The steak is chopped up with the onions and whatever other toppings you want then skillfully stuffed into the roll.  To me, the sandwich was only... alright.  I think I'm forever spoiled by cheese whiz and want that for all my future cheesesteaks.  Not as much meat and even though the peppers were good, it can't compare to Jim's.  
I like how while you wait in line you can see the cook making your cheesesteak, although... I would much prefer if he wore a glove or something.
When I went for lunch, had to wait in line for about 15 min and then another 15 for me order. 
For a little over $8, the price is pretty reasonable for the area but there's much better food in the market to blow your $8.Gets a star for being edible.  Gets a second star for being edible the second day, thanks to generous portion size.  Other than that, there is nothing to see here, people.  I ordered a steak wit, whiz, xtra provolone.  The line was ridiculous for a Sunday evening so we thought it must be worth the wait.  It wasn't.  Again, it's hard to mess up steak, cheese, onions, and it wasn't bad, except that the bread they used was way too soft.  But even Subway makes a decent cheesesteak.  When you go to philly and want an amazing cheesesteak, pass on this place.  Far better steak shops, including By George (just down the aisle btw)!Reading Terminal Market is awesome by itself. I'd eat here every chance I could if I worked in the area. There's a Panera across the street. How the heck do they even stay in business? You could have an overly-orchestrated puny sandwich there, or get a huge cheesesteak done right at a place like Spataro's. Locals might find flaws, but I can't. Simple and perfect.The customer service at this place is horrible.... I placed my order, waited in line for 30 minutes and when I got to the pickup window my order was not ready and I was told to go to the back of the line because they lost my order ticket and didn't believe that I had actually placed an order.... this place is not worth the horrible treatment that you get from the employeesAbsolutely not!!! Came to the market because I was hungry and it seemed like a good place to try Philly Cheesesteak, but what I got was awful. I took two bites and threw the rest away. The meat was flavorless, dry, it had barely any onions, and what was that wiz cheese nonsense? The bread was chewy and old, a complete disappointment. Come on, you HAVE to step it up for all the tourists like me. My neighborhood bodega in Brooklyn does a much better job at a cheesesteak than these guys. Womp womp.This is my husband's favourite spot when we come to the terminal.  He loves the cheesesteak.  The best he has had he says:) they are very quick and super organized.So.....we thought we were getting an authentic cheesesteak.  The staff was friendly.  They move the lines quickly.  The meat was tender.  But, the extra sharp, overly pungent, non-melted provolone was DISGUSTING. I LOVE cheese, but this was awful.  It ruined the entire sandwich.  The fries were hot, but mediocre in taste and texture. The three stars were for friendliness, speed, and hot food.Great cheesesteak and cheese fries. Service was pretty friendly and fast. Would have liked the fries a bit crispier.These guys know how to run this show. 100% steak pros. The best! Churning out delicious fresh hot cheesesteaks!!Fries were delicious but the cheese steak was below average. Wouldn't go back since there are better places at the reading terminal.CHEESESTEAK $10 (3/3 NOMs)
You don't go to Philly and not get a cheesesteak. We were very excited hungry nomsters to visit the home of Cheesesteak. There are several places you can try good cheesesteak from and we went for the one with shortest line. We went some a nice and simple order with mushrooms and peppers. It had a nice consistent flavor throughout with nice amount of cheese and sauce. While it tasted pretty good, not overly too greasy with some good flavors. It just didn't have that impressive flavor we were expecting. When you eat cheesesteak in Philly there is an expectation to be wowed. Defiantly enjoyed that it wasn't too heavy and didn't make us fall into food coma. Bread was nice and light with lots of cheese and sauce for that extra gooey messiness without going all over our hands. For the most we were able to stay clean.Literally one tiny piece of bell pepper and literally one tiny piece of a mushroom. Flavorless cheese steak. Disappointed. Should of listened to the other Yelp'ers out there.I don't get the hate for this place. For $14 we got cheesesteak sandwich and fries and it was good n freshly cooked and easily lunch for two. The service was friendly and helpful. We went back and got cheese fries, that wasn't so great, whatever yellow gunk they put on those fries sure wasn't cheese. So, avoid the cheese fries, but don't avoid the whole place.Great corned beef sandwich with Russian dressing, Swiss cheese on a Rye bread.
Quite substantial for one person so my son helped me finish it.Staff was extremely rude. Didn't want to give me my side of peppers after I paid for it. And they use frozen "steakums". Very poor quality sandwiches.Myself and the other two in my party found the cheesesteaks to be relatively flavorless disappointments after waiting in a long line.  Even the fries were nothing special.Terrible! Was so excited for a Philly cheesesteak and this was a huge disappointment. They didn't ask which kind of cheese we wanted and the cheese wasn't even melted. I've had better many other places back home, not the tourist meal I was expecting.Worst customer service ever. A man was yelling order numbers extremely rudely. He yelled my number and the cook wrapped a cheesesteak with mushrooms and then tried to hand to me. When I said that it was not mine, they unwrapped it and then said it was the next customer's order. I told Yelling man he was wrong and he got angry and started yelling give him his money back. Yelling man needs to learn customer service and quit yelling at people.In Philly for a work conference and stopped at the Reading Terminal Market which is next to the Convention Center.  This would be my third and final cheesesteak on the trip as I was flying home later in the day.  I ordered the classic (steak, fried onions and cheese whiz) in each instance so had some basic criteria to make comparisons.  We got there early for lunch and there was no line up.  It is great to watch them cook the steak and onions on a flat top grill right in front of you.  The presentation was ok as was the taste...but I did not like the way the onions were not fully cooked and not caramelized.  Still it was a cheesesteak, and I was happy  and grateful to be eating it.
It was a positive food experience but with so many cheesesteak establishments in the Philly area, I have no plans to return.When in Philly you should order a cheesesteak - so we did.  For both of us, it was our first philly cheesesteak ever.  If the rest of them are like this, then this will also be my last philly cheesesteak.  The meat was bland.  If you didn't know it was supposed to be beef, it could have easily been confused for vegan meat substitute.  Both my friend and I added the mushrooms (because more must be better).  But the mushrooms had a funky flavor, and looked like they came fresh from a can.  So if you like canned mushrooms, then this flavor might be for you!  The best part was the cheese whiz, which tasted exactly how you would expect cheese whiz to taste.  With so many great places to eat in the Reading Terminal Market, this was an incredible disappointment... but then again, maybe I just don't like cheesesteaks.Food: 2
Service: 3.5
Value: 2
Having already tried By George!, I wanted to try another cheesesteak in Reading Terminal. Sadly, nothing particularly stood out about this place. They were expensive (as expected), but were also small, somewhat dry, and the cheese isn't at all mixed in with the meat, resulting in meat bites, and cheese bites. Service was friendly enough given the wait, but I won't go back.I had a sausage, egg, and cheese on a long  roll and a large hot tea. It's kind of hard to screw this up... The three stars is less about the food and more about the price... It is in the reading terminal so it is expensive. My breakfast total $8.35. This same breakfast at a cart $4 to $5. While this isn't a good breakfast option I may hit it for lunch to see if there is more value.I'm from Colorado it was visiting Philadelphia this was the first cheesesteak I had the service was great the food was OK however there are other places in Philly that have original cheesesteak!  Della Sandro's would be my recommendation.The "Philly cheesesteak..." sigh.
2.3 waaaaaaay overrated. Cannot help.
$9.50 for unseasoned, low quality (as bf pointed out) meat with barely anything but cheese, smattering onions, and ketchup? Have had much better....
Line is slow...tee'd cook seems worn and finished. Today, same cook as Allison's photo. Saddened...I am not a big fan on Philly cheesesteak sandwiches and have tried a handful of them  here in Philly and have never really been that impressed with flavor.  This place, made the difference!  I ordered the Cheese steak with peppers and mushrooms (hot and regular peppers), provolone cheese and mayo.   The sandwich was truly delicious, probably the best I have had to date.  For this first time, I was able to eat this sandwich without doing my own "doctoring" first.   I say, give it a try, especially in this part of town, no sense in heading to south Philly for a sandwich like this if you are going to make a special trip.    I didn't try and deli sandwich yet, but I watched the guy prepare a sandwich and it also looked very loaded with meat and condiments, so I may give that a try next time.  Enjoy!!Go elsewhere for a cheesesteak.  There are plenty of optioned in philly.  The quality is not very good - not sure where the tough steak is from and they drench it to mask the quality. 
Also, at 9:30 am, they told me they're not serving breakfast and essentially screamed me even though there was a clear breakfast sign up.  Then they served the next person.  I think they're racist.Eating a Cheesesteak was in the top five things that I had to do while in Philadelphia. Spataro's Cheesesteaks is located in Reading Terminal and was the only cheesesteak place that I could find there. My boyfriend and I were starving, so we opted to eat here. 
The line for Spataro's was about 20 people deep when we came on a Saturday, but the line moved fast. You have to know what  you'd like when you get to order or else the people working will get annoyed with you and possibly ask you to step aside until you decide what you want. 
I ordered a Cheesesteak with mushrooms and onions. It was around $10 and it was a decent size for the price. Did I love it? Not really. Did I hate it? Nope. It was about in the middle. I was really hungry when I ate this cheesesteak, so that may be the reason why I devoured it. My boyfriend said he did enjoy his cheesesteak. 
I may come back here again if I'm ever in the city, but I think I'd try other places first. 
Cheers!Cheesesteak was alright and portion-size is good, but as other folks note, I really wished the dude would wear gloves.  No offense, but it is slightly unappetizing to watch this heavily tattooed fellow handle your raw bread and meat, even though he does so with great dexterity and deftness (he clearly knows what he's doing).  At first, I thought it was because he was afraid the gloves would melt on the grill, but I stopped by other stands where other folks seemed to have no such fear/issue.The line is a deception. Designed to make it look "popular". The guy cooking was sweating into the food. The lady at the register was rude and the man handing out ketchup packets acted like it was coming out of his pocket. 
The food was bland. We got the cheesesteak with onions and mushrooms and it had very little
flavor to it. We also ordered the cheese fries. They were also bland and soggy. 
I would avoid this place. Save your money for
some decent food.This being my first jaunt with Philly cheesesteaks, this was not the best, from other smells I was gathering as the day went on. The meat could have been somewhat juicier. I got mine with sautéed onions, shrooms, green pepper and the cheese wiz. Couldn't pull out the veggie flavors. The wiz was good, but not very prominent either. The line for this stall in the market was rather long but moved at a good pace. U get up to the guy, he takes your order on the ol order pads. It's filled in line on the clip in front of the cook line. They make yours, call your name, and then we headed off to search for a table. Would I come here again? I'd like to try other places for their take on seasoning. If friends came here/wanted to try it, I'd make the trek... Just maybe.Food is not ok. Not the best cheesesteak you can have. It's only a 2 star restaurant. There are other places you can eat in the market.Decent cheesesteak, but wasn't especially blown away given the price. The line moved quickly despite its length. The bun was soft and the steak seemed well-made, albeit a bit dry and tasteless. The cheese did help to make up for some of the lack of flavor.Today was a good experience at Spataros.  Would be nice if Yelp did 1/2 stars.  This place is better than a 3 but not 4. The staff was engaging good small talk while my sandwich was being made.  Was surprised to see what looks like stake-ums for the meat.  Bread was fresh, provolone was fresh also.  I'd eat there again.I was hoping for a good cheesesteak. Instead, I got a dry sandwich with little cheese. What a disappointment. Plus the staff were rude. Will never go there again.We went to Reading Terminal Market on a Sunday, so it was either Spataro's or Carmen's (I heard By George has the best cheesesteak in RTM, but it's closed on Sundays).  Carmen's had a much longer line, so we went to Spataro's.  Now I know why the line at Carmen's was much longer.  The cheesesteak was very ordinary.  Will definitely have to try a different place next time.
There was also a guy in a green shirt and green hat who was harassing the people in the pickup line, telling us to keep squeezing in right next to each other, even though we were already pretty close to each other.  That guy needs to calm down and I honestly don't know why they need him on the payroll.Spataros is in the market, so not each to get to if you are just driving through.  However, the market is worth the stop anyway.
This place can be very busy at lunch time during the week, and tables can be hard to come by.
All that being said, the cheesesteak was very good.  I liked the bun, and I always appreciate being able to get "whiz" in true Philly fashion.Not really good. Dry., no flavor and blend. NOT RECOMMENDED and the reviews explain it all...OK for a cheesesteak could have been better. I figure it was a good place to get one because of the line. 62$ for 4 steaks 4 fries  4drinks DAMM maybe it was all the tourist on line that messed me up next time I will try Tommy DiNic's .Extremely rude staff not welcoming or warm and very pushy and made me feel rushed. We were visiting from out of state trying a philly for the first time. The front clerk was very blah then another girl handed my a bag or I should say shoved the bag in my face saying here's your bag go over there. I asked for American cheese and everything else minus onions. I got just meat and cheese thats it. The food is very blah for paying $17 for a drink sandwich and fries. I definitely wouldn't go there again.My mom and I were kind of on a food rampage so all my new reviews are courtesy of her need to get me a life. ;)
We both got the same thing (twinsies!) a cheesesteak hoagie with onions, lettuce, tomato, and mayo. Provolone cheesed it. I'd say I love the way they cook these. The roll was chewy, soaked up the juices nicely. And the other ingredients were a good amount and complimented the meat. The thing was huuuuge too! Not that I had any left over. Overall we both really enjoyed it. The service was very friendly too. I had forgotten to mention no ice in my drink and she didn't give me any lip when I asked if she could dump it out and refill it. Just smiled and said she's the same way! 
I recommend this place but my fav reading terminal is still dutch eating.It had the longest line. So like a lemming... It was fine. I even got yelled at - part of the experienc.eOne of many options in the Reading Market for a cheesesteak. One of the better cheesesteaks I've had, my only complaint is the sub was kind of small.  Great service and reasonably priced. Would definitely go back.It was okay. Kind of bland. Super quick and efficient though if you're on the run. Definitely not the best cheesesteak I've had. I've read that there are others in the market that are better, I had trouble finding them though so I came here. Wish I didn't settle and kept searching. The bread was good though! I'll give them that.the food was terrible! my fries were cold and so was my cheese wiz. I went back to see if I could get warmer cheese they gave me a new cheese that was just as cold! there are a lot of better places here!!The line procedure is PATHETIC.  Even with 1 person in front it will take 2-3 mins to order.  Then its one older lady who takes her sweet old time and ONE guy on the grill with only 3-4 steaks cooking.  So if their is a large order in front of you, youre SCREWED.  Also got fries, no flavor and soggy.  The cheesesteak was sub par at best....ive had better in CALIFORNIA as sad as that is to say.  and to TOP it off....i WATCHED the guy handle my steak roll 3-4 times WITHOUT GLOVES...how nasty is that? I took 2 bites and then imagined his hand all over it and tossed it.  NEVER again for me.  Its funny, in the pics you'll SEE the guy, but he DOES have gloves on that time... watch him next time you're in and hes NOT posing for pics.line is long- cheesesteak is good, but not the best- 
big guy making the sandwich is entertaining to watchWifey got a cheesesteak from here on our last day in Philly and we did a comparison with by George, also in the Reading Terminal. About the same price ($7 something, almost $8), a little smaller than theirs, but still very good sized. It had some advantages and disadvantages in my opinion, but they wifey thought it was far superior. I overall agree, but disagree on certain things. I should also mention that while we are definitely not experts, I like the authentic whiz wit while she ordered the provolone (whiz not offered, -1) with hot peppers, tomatoes, lettuce (i think) and things. I told her it was a cheesesteak hoagie, but she said it's what she likes. I tried to compare on the basic elements anyway, but it was tough to envision it without all the other stuff. 
Perfect Amoroso, unlike the other spot. As mentioned, it was a little smaller, but still pretty large comparatively. It was def stuffed. The meat was somewhat underseasoned. I had to add salt for probably the 3rd time in my life (I very rarely have to add salt to dishes I order). The cheese was...provolone, it was good, but not really right for what it was supposed to be. too much mayo on this freakin thing, but that was okay. All the rest, I wouldn't have ordered, but if I was just eating a sandwich, this would have been a damn good one if the steak was a little more seasoned. I think that they could probably do it correctly if given the chance, but they need to work out their cheese issue. Nevertheless, it was pretty good. 
I wouldn't be back just because there are million places to get a cheesesteak that will do it correctly and this was not correct.Quite possibly the biggest cheesesteak fail ever. If you want TASTELESS cheesesteaks this is the place. SUBWAY has better cheesesteaks than this place. OVERPRICED GARRRRRRRRBAGE.This was my first getting a true cheesesteak while in Philadelphia. I have to say I was quite dissapointed. My grandmother and I both got on "wit" cheese, and we were a little dumbfounded when we dove in and discovered and awfully sour taste in our mouth. For all the hype you may want to try one of the many other places in the Reading Market. No one wants cold bread Luke warm meat and sour tasting cheese! In all the market is a wonderful bustling place!Very dry and tasteless cheesesteak. Fries were over cooked. Very expensive meal for not a lot of flavor. I expected more given the lines are usually long. I won't eat here againNot impressed at all.  Went at 10 am before going home, wanting to get a cheesesteak to go for the ride along with a breakfast sandwich.  Before I get to the negative, I would like to say the woman taking the order was very nice and pleasant, so no complaints about her.  As for the guy cooking, you have to be kidding me.  All he did was complain about what people were ordering at 9:45am.  He even referred to everyone as drunks because he was having to cook more cheesesteaks than he expected.  He was down right rude, verbal to guest and giving us stares.   Even when my food was up and I was standing at the wrong pick up line, he gave me a dirty look even at that.  Business is business, if you have cook cheesesteaks at 9:45am, then do it, that's what the customer wants.  If Dinic's staff was rude, i would still go because the food is excellent, but Spataro's, no more.  I left feeling so disrespected.In town visiting for a National Convention. Had never heard of Spataro's. Had tried Geno's. I was not disappointed. I will visit them again.This is where you want to go for a Philly cheesesteak! Got it fully loaded sautéed onions pickles, mayo and American cheese and everything was spot on.  The sandwich is a little pricy at 12-13 dollars fully loaded, but worth every penny as the bread, meat, and toppings were so qualityTerrible customer service. Ordered my food with a group of 5 people. Only three items were served when I asked for my food, they refused to believe that I ordered my food with the others. They argued with  me and told me to get back in line to order my food. Even the manager refused to believe me. Finally the man in line behind me vouched for me and they "found" my ticket on the counter that the cashier never put up on the order line. They were extremely rude and disrespectful. Only the cashier apologized. Terrible.A bit of a tourist trap and a poor excuse for an authentic Philly cheesesteak.  The bread was too soft and not nearly enough meat.  Cheese was not even close to melted.  Basically a bad cheesesteak.Horrible and rude service. My sister had ordered her food here and got a soda. She did not hear the cook calling her name, so he gave up. When we politely asked him why my sister did not get her soda, he said he threw it out. I thought he was joking for a second....he was not. He seemed quite proud of himself for being so clever and throwing her soda out (we had already paid for the soda). I pushed him to get her another soda and he was complaining about she couldn't hear. When my sister's sandwich was finished he called her name, but she couldn't hear. So he said, "See, it's all her fault! See, she can't hear!" I told the cashier about this terrible service and I hope the word passes to the cook. I can't get over how incredibly rude this person was to someone who made an honest mistake. I will never go here again, because they don't know how to treat people right. They do not deserve my money or anyone else's.Basic cheesesteak is $9.79, okay to be expected but then $0.75 each topping seemed steep to me considering it's one little scoop of the toppings. So my sub ended up being close to $15. By the time I got it, it wasn't warm which was confusing because how did it just come off the grill but isn't even warm. It was just underwhelming. Probably wouldn't recommend but it was convenient in the market to get it here.This place is excellent. The food is fantastic. The price is about $12 a person for a complete meal. The portions are large. The service is fast.Went to Redding Terminal for breakfast. The big problem is that there was so much to choose from: you would need 5 visits to have all the must-try things. 
But when in Philly, its the cheese steak that you really can't get anywhere else which  should dominate your meals. OK, so its breakfast time, which just means have some eggs on top of your steak. 
Even in Philly, it's not the steak that makes the sandwich: though most places you go have it down to a science. And the cheese, even in the best of places, is not much. It's the bread that is indescribably good, and Spataro's was no exception. 
The sandwich was long, had three eggs, and the classic chopped steak that was made fresh right in front of me. The bread was amazing, as per the local standard and I ate the thing like it was a one-bite hors d'oeuvre. The bread was so light and airy, but not without real substance. 
My son had a traditional breakfast sandwich, but I made him get it on the hoagie.  It was very good too, or so he reported. Way more than he could eat.  
In reading the reviews, it's interesting how the locals view their one of a kind, homegrown delicacy. Maybe it is a case of the ranger not being able to appreciate the beauty he sees everyday? I'm not sure someone from Kansas City can evaluate the barbecue in their town or any other: They are too close to the subject matter. To spoiled by something they see as fantastic to be OK with anything less than their particular favorite.  
In my view, any place that gets the bread right has got one hell of a sandwich right out of the gate. Going to Pat's and Geno's is something you just have to do, just for the spectacle. But almost every other local cheese steak I have had was pretty darn good. Certainly something I would kill for back home (every once in a while).If you are looking for a safe cheesesteak option, I recommend Spataro's to do the job. Otherwise, I am giving this place a 3 star because cheesesteaks here are only slightly above average and the price is slightly higher compared to other good cheesesteak places I have been to.  Enjoy!So my family and I decided to stop by the reading terminal market because Geno's and Patrick's were packed with tourist. I just wanted to try a Philly cheesesteak for the first time since I never got one. We saw one in the market and it seem like this stand was running for a really long time. My boyfriend got me the sweet pepper cheesesteak. At first it looked very good; however, it was so dry to me that I was not sure it was suppose to be like that. I did not see cheese that much on it either. But, they were very quick on serving their customers. Also, it's not that pricey if you want to grab something quick if you are really hungry.This was my first cheesesteak on my 2nd visit to Philly. I had a whiz and mushrooms. It was disappointing.Cheesesteak good but not great. Cold fries. I hate cold fries. One of my biggest pet peeves. Waste of $$ because I threw them out.  Then I saw the cook spaying the window with windex, which got all over the grill. Not sure how toxic windex  is to eat, but pretty sure it's not healthy.  Will not be returning.Just got back from here and had to post a review/warning. I went here with a friend and we decided to split a cheese steak and an Italian hoagie after hearing how great it was supposed to be.  Save your money the cheese steak was weak at best and I would never get it again. In a city known for cheeses steaks this was pathetic.  The Italian hoagie had good meats in it, which is the only reason this is getting the 2nd star but it was just not packed very well, little skimpy on the meats. The bread was not right either my friend and I could not place it but the bread just didn't taste right.  
This would be an absolute last resort for an Italian hoagie and even then in this city you can walk one block and find an equal sandwich.Not the worst thing I've ever put in my mouth, but pretty damn close. The only good thing about that meal is that I thankfully don't need to eat again for 4 hours. I really don't know what else to say but Yelp requires a certain number of charactersI was expecting more since I was downtown at Reading Terminal, but this was an above average cheesesteak. The line as you were waiting can get pretty lengthy too. Also notice one of the employees next to the cook throw away 3 cheesesteaks because they were wrong orders. Go to Ishkabibbles on South Street for a great steak and don't fall for  tourist traps at Pat's or Geno's.I think the only people that go here are the ones that don't want to wait in line at the other places in the market.  I was one of those impatient fools.  Endure the the wait and go somewhere else.Long lines but needed to try one visiting Philly and eat indoors.   Not the best but good enough.Don't recall the name of this eatery, but correct address.  Located inside of a massive food market.  Always a line, so get in line early! Whole market area closes up and locks down at 6:00 pm.  Steaks are tender and dripping with juices and cheese.  Very generous on every ingredient, stuffed full!  Hands down, best Philly we had while there and we tried a few!Better cheesesteak than others in Reading terminal. Line was long but worth the wait. I did not get fries.There are several cheesesteak vendors in Reading Terminal Market, so if I were you, I'd take a pass on this one.   It was pretty dry and there wasn't enough whiz.   The line cook chopped the beef up too fine so it ended up being almost ground beef.Let me start by saying I am no cheesesteak expert. I got the 'Whiz Wit' as the Philadelphia native informed me to order. For those who don't know this means a cheesesteak with cheese whiz and sauteed onions. The bread was soft if not a bit chewy but the meat was tender and juicy. I'm not sure what everyone else is complaining about but I thought it was pretty good. The fries I would skip next time but the sandwich was good. The line looked daunting but they do a good job of moving you through quickly. I had a chance to exchange a few word with one of the cooks and they were very kind. Also, the location is cool ... The Reading Terminal Market is full of hustle and bustle. It kind of reminded me of Pikes Place Market.Great cheesesteaks! Fast and friendly. Liked theirs better than Carmen's.I was with a group of non-Americans the day after a wedding and somehow we made it to Reading Terminal Market for lunch during our visit to Philadelphia. My boyfriend (British) was adamant that he try a "Philly Cheesesteak" before leaving the city. Since we didn't know if we'd have time to hit another good spot later in the day, I agreed we could try one there. Although several places in Reading Terminal sell cheesesteaks, Spataro's seemed the most popular. 
I grew up in south Jersey; Gaetano's is amazing and absolutely beats the Pat's/Geno's nonsense any day. But I had never tried Spataro's so I didn't know what to expect. 
This was perhaps the worst cheesesteak I've ever had-- and my mom used to make Steak-ums! 
There was barely any cheese and it was glued to the bottom of the bread. The entire sandwich was so dry that it almost tasted old even though I had watched them make it. We waited in a super long line and paid a ridiculous amount of money for that junk (most of which my sister opted to donate to someone on the street). It was upsetting- I found myself apologizing to my boyfriend and trying to convince him that this is NOT what Philly Cheesesteaks are about!  
Someone recommended Gooey Louie's? Next time I'll have to try that. Until then, trust me-- go to Gaetano's. How embarrassing, Philadelphia.Very tasty cheese stake burger. The size of fries was reasonably good. Prices were compatible with other venders and taste was much better. RecommendedThis was the first restaurant I visited for my first Philly Cheesesteak. They are very quick and efficient in terms of taking your order and delivering your order. Don't piss them off! The overall taste of the Philly Cheesesteak was alright. I wasn't blown away. The size was also perfect cuz I didn't feel bloated after eating it. The amount of cheese they used was ok it wasn't gooey at all. Overall everything in this cheesesteak was subtle. The onions, peppers and cheese where all super subtle so you know it's in there but the overall taste is masked by the beef. That can either be good or bad, depends on how you want to look at it. As a visitor all I can say it's good and filling.This was my first cheese steak in Philadelphia so maybe I'm not a good judge, but I thought it was a good sandwich. Very filling. I could only eat half of it, so make sure you bring an appetite. Fries were good. Food was fast to come out.Save your money and do not get fries in here! My order came and the fries were soggy. Plain unpleasant flavor. The cheesesteak was awful. It was so dry and the bread was steal too. I waited in line for 15 minutes. There were probably 30 people in line and I thought I was gonna try a great cheesesteak, but it was not the case. Go somewhere else!Cheesesteak was great. Cool inside and it's amazing to watch to cooks slice and dice everything in from of youOrdered the cheesesteak with mushrooms and green peppers. It was almost $12 for a fairly tasteless sub that used canned mushrooms. If you want lettuce, tomatoes and mayo that cost extra. Don't waste your money- still in search of a good cheesesteak.They go way to quick here. They got my order incorrect twice. The manager was quick to correct the order but one of the people was trying to argue with me that it was right. They need to teach the people that are writing the order to pay more attention or maybe come with a computerized system, that may help them.Please go anywhere else for cheesesteaks! The steak, onions and peppers were incredibly bland and they really skimped out on filling the roll (not that I would've wanted to eat more of it anyway). I even asked for more cheese to somehow save the taste but it only made it worse. The cheese seemed to have the right consistency but also had no taste as if it was somehow watered down. I had my first cheesesteak in philly here and it nearly ruined my entire food experience with dissapointment.Pricey and not all that great. Save your stomach for other foods that the terminal offers! Their are better cheese steaks around!Hooray for happiness! The team working the grill and counter at Spataro's Cheesesteaks (in the always popular Reading Market Terminal) were the happiest people I met in Philadelphia. They seriously seemed to love their jobs. 
I just wish I loved their cheesesteaks as much.
Oh, I'm not saying my Cheesesteak with Peppers from Spataro's was bad. It was fine, ok, and alright. It was also meaty, cheesy, filling, and pure Philly. It just wasn't lovable or the best.
Regardless, huge props to the crew at Spataro's Cheesesteaks for the happiness and joy on display behind the counter. You made my day even though the cheesesteak didn't.This was my first authentic "Philly cheesesteak." I split it with a friend so the price wasn't too steep for a regular lunch and it was filling. However, I left a little disappointed. I expected layers or chunks of meat but got what looked like chopped up ground beef. It lacked in flavor and their set-up for waiting after ordering was counter-intuitive.This place sucks. I was in town visiting a friend and had a serious craving for Philly Cheesesteak. I ordered it with mushrooms and sweet peppers. What I got was a soggy meat-loaded sandwich with undercooked mushrooms, a few chunks of bland-tasting canned peppers, and ABSOLUTELY NO CHEESE. There was one miserable little strip down the center that had molded to the bread. 
After taking a few bites and determining that it was inedible (which is made even worse by the fact that I was hungover and starving -- usually I will eat ANYTHING when hungover), I went back to ask for more cheese. I was told that the sandwich had "three slices of cheese" and that I would be charged extra for any additional cheese slices. Given that the sandwich had already cost me $10, I decided to pass and instead eat the other half of my friend's Amish turkey sandwich. 
My advice? If you're in Reading Terminal, visit the Amish. If you're in Philly and want a real cheesesteak, go to South Street.Awesome fresh cheesesteak on Italian bread. Even though the line was long it went fast and well worth it! Great place to have the real thing.I decided to eat a super early lunch, and I had a calling for cheesesteak. It only makes sense since I'm in Philly. Now, I can't venture too far from the convention center (work), but Spataro's was super close -- and inside one of the better food markets I've been in.
My cheesesteak was delicious. It probably helped that I got there at 930am, but wow. It was seriously good. The steak was minced perfectly, the peppers and onions were tender, and the provolone cheese was spot on. I realize that may not be a "traditional" cheesesteak but honestly fight me. It was good. I paid $15 for a drink and a sandwich, and I feel like I got my money's worth. I'd come here again.Got mine steak American onion and wasn't having overly high expectations... it was soooo good! I'm impressed! Was fast and delicious. I ended up eating the entire thing!The line looks shorter than it is. The line to order and pay is short, but then you wait FOREVER in the other longer line for your order. Then the cheesesteak isn't even good! Don't go here.$46 for 3 cheesesteaks 2 fries and 2 drinks.  One of the worst cheesesteaks I've ever had.  My dr pib was flat. Fries tasted like they were cooked in old oil.  Everyplace at RTS has a line on the weekend but apparently the ones in their line are just sheep flocking to the only cheesesteak place in the building.  Find something else to eat at a different place.Blech. Worst cheese steak I had in Philly.  The steak was over-chopped to the point it was like ground beef. Insufficient cheesing resulted in a dry sandwich. I had mushrooms on it, but they added no flavor and had a chewy, yucky texture.
The fries were good and doused in cheese. I had enough left over to dip my sandwich.This place is one of the worst places I've seen managed in a long time the general manager sits down all day and watches them work well from what I seen he does absolutely nothing and his attitude is horrible if I am not mistaken your suppose to train your employees with good customer service which they are lacking in that departmentI'll admit it, I don't know what a great Philly cheese steak tastes like so it's hard for me to  make comparisons. I shared a sandwich and it was okay. Nothing special but decent. We had it with peppers, onions, provolone, ketchup and mayo. I came here on a busy Saturday afternoon and there were a few people in line. Maybe I should have known since the line wasn't long. So many other places to try. I won't be returningClassic spot but really not the best steak at the Market let alone Philly. Dry, unseasoned meat. On the smaller end of things. I get the appeal for the tourist visiting the Market, but a below average local option.I've been going to this place for the last twenty years, and it's always had the same huge sandwiches, tasty and fresh ingredients, and lovable old man behind the counter. In fact, the only thing that's changed is their location; I've had to re-learn their location three times since the 80s. I am a creature of habit, and this was quite a hassle, but Spataro's is always worth it.Not the best Philly cheesesteak that Philadelphia has to offer, but definitely hits the spot!This is my first one star review ever. How can I express my disgust with this place.  Frozen Freakin' steak'ums. Am I 12 years old again or what?  Is this supposed to be good?  It's an effortless attempt to capitalize on a tourist population that does not know better than to avoid this place.  
I can't imagine why a place would serve hot food onto a cold bun and expect it to taste good. Please people, warm up your bread, even if only in a microwave for ten seconds. 
My god, just go somewhere else to avoid the disappointment this place is sure to serve. Doesn't matter where, just turn away and save yourself the GI distress.Egg & bacon bagel was a quick and tasty breakfast; the bacon wasn't greasy or too salty and the bagel was soft enough that I didn't miss the biscuit I would normally use for a breakfast sandwich.AMAZING Philly cheese steak! So juicy and fresh. The bread was even delicious. Highly recommend this spot. Worth the wait.The cheesesteak was tasty although it could have had a bit more filling.  Also, the ordering/where you stand system is something out a Soviet bloc supermarket.  It was $12 for a plain cheesesteak with a bottle of milk.Honestly, not impressed by the quality of food from this place. The meat was dry, overcooked, cheese was way too salty. This cheesesteak was a disaster.Food: Terrible
Service: Worse
This place needs to be closed and moved out of Reading Market. The cook is yelling at the customers and the workers, at the same time as cashier is hollering at customers to move the line. There are better places to eat in the market. Go there instead!Whenever I go to Philly, I try to pick up one of Spataro's cheese steaks.  They're not cheap with the meat and the bread is nice and chewy.  There are other vendors at the Reading Terminal that make cheese steaks, but I like the quality of this vendor.  Plus, there is almost always a line, which, in my book, is a good sign of good food.  I've also tried their Italian hoagies (pretty good) and turkey hoagies (pretty good).  For those of you who don't know what a "hoagie" is, it's basically a submarine sandwich.Not bad but not on par with the likes of Tony Luke's, Geno's or Pat's. I ordered one from Spataro's and one from Carmen's. Spataro's was bigger, more flavorful, seasoned better and cheesier than Carmen's... and $1 cheaper. Not a bad stop if your hungry for a cheesesteak in a hurry.The cheesesteak meat tasted so bad my whole family threw them out and went right over to Dinic's. Do not eat here!!One of the worst cheesesteaks ever. The meat was dry snd overcooked but the sandwich was oozing grease. We've made better at home from frozen.so you have to have a cheesesteak when you are in Philly... I never seem to remember this but this time I was in Reading Terminal and STARVING so I stopped by Spataro's
it was ok, nothing impressive but still quite tasty. 
one down side was we were handed a bag for our sandwiches, it had napkins and utensils in it but no straws, when we went back to the counter to ask for straws were instructed "They are in the bag" and then just kinda ignored.We all ordered cheesesteaks and they were very good. It was a good blend of beef and cheese, and it was fresh and hot. The food came out super fast and we started eating almost right after we ordered. I wouldn't say this is "THE" place to go for the cheesesteaks, but for the area, it was one of the better options.
I was not impressed with the line. It was confusing and not very efficient, but other than that the staff was great.Eh. Was ok, not that great. Found out after the fact that the two other places in reading market are considered better.I really don't have any means to compare it to, seeing as though I've never had a cheesesteak before. I figured my first time should be in Philadelphia and it should definitely be at Reading terminal. When I got there the Spataro sign kind of stuck out to me. I knew that was the one. It's very rushed and the people there are not very nice, but I'm not sure thats not what matters. That might be part of the experience. It's about nine dollars, if you don't add anything. You can add onions, peppers, or hot peppers as well. I just had it plain. They give you a bag and then you have to wait about five minutes to get it. They also serve cheese fries. One bad thing at a time for my body. I thought it was fun that you could just kind of take out the cheesesteak in the foil and walk around Reading terminal while you're eating. I felt very city-esque. Overall, the quality of the cheesesteak wasn't really what I'm writing home about, it's more of the experience itself. I would go here for the experience. Don't expect your mind to be blown but the quality of what you're eating. Especially if you have eaten cheesesteaks before know how amazing they can be! Also walk around Reading terminal and get yourself a pretzel, a cookie, and a smoothie :-) all or nothing.The line was short, everyone was polite. The fries were good. The cheesesteak wasn't that good. I hope tourists don't judge cheesesteaks based on this place.There's no reason to go to this place when Reading Terminal Market is full of so many wonderful places to eat. This is also not a place to experience the wonderfulness of a real Philly cheesesteak. Sure this place might be geographically located in Philly but the cheesesteaks here taste like the ones I can get back home in NC (and this is NOT a compliment. Cheesesteaks anywhere in the south suck).
The steak here was dried out and overcooked. It was incredibly greasy as well. They also completely ignored me when I asked them to put hot sauce on my sandwich. When I reminded them of this, they tossed me a packet of Chalula sauce even though there was a big bottle of buffalo sauce clearly in my view. Nothing against Chalula but it's not the right sauce for a Philly cheesesteak and I'm also not sure why they wouldn't put the bottled buffalo sauce on my steak for me since that's what I asked them to do. I guess lifting that bottle was too much of an effort for him? Since the guy seemed so annoyed, I didn't ask him again to put the buffalo sauce on even though I would've preferred that to Chalula but I did ask if he could at least give me some more sauce since the packets are so small. He sighed and gave me exactly one more. How generous. The fries were actually really good and that's the only reason I'm giving two stars instead of one.
Skip this place and visit one of the other stands in the market. You will have plenty to choose from!Nope, not the best. Maybe people in Philadelphia just like unflavored, limited cheese cheese steaks. 
I understand as a New Yorker that this place was going to be busy and it was... but the wait is usually worth it! This time it was not. The cheese steak wit , wiz ( with onions and cheese wiz) lacked meat and cheese so basically the bread received the two stars.   Don't bother. Try the other place instead. I like the atmosphere...Last time I was at Reading Terminal Spataro's had a line around the corner.  This trip, It may have been a long day for the Spataro's crew because we did not like our Cheesesteak.  The meat was dry and tasteless.  The roll may have come from a grocery store.  The pictures show how sloppily it was put together.Ok cheesesteak, but not my favorite.
Came into town for the weekend. I was there just for all the baked goods at Reading terminal. My husband was there for as many cheesesteaks he could manage in one weekend.
I would give this one 3.5 if I could. Meat was a little lacking in flavor. Wished the onions and peppers weren't diced as small as they were. Really greasy, more than I would have liked. But the bread was super soft and very fresh (being 10:30 am I would hope it would be) and there were generous on the whiz. 
I wouldn't advise getting this cheesesteak if you are looking for the best in Philly, I don't think this is it.My Fiance and I each had a Cheesteak here. The line moved quick and the sandwich was tasty. I think it could have had more meat on it but other than that everything else was great. I really liked the bread and the flavors all tied together nicely.
We had the cheesesteaks with Provolone, peppers, onions and mushrooms.... The service was prompt and friendly and the prices weren't bad at all. I don't have a lot of experience with cheesesteaks as I a do not frequent Philadelphia but a good sandwich is a good sandwich!After i order, i noticed that they leave the steak cooking till a customer orders it. If no one orders it for a long period of time, it stays cooking. The meat was horrible, and the fries are disgusting!Should've looked at the reviews first. Very long line very crowded. Doesn't mean anything. Got so many orders wrong while I was waiting but I had already paid. With so many other places to go in the market please don't waste your time.Not bad for my first cheesesteak in Philly.  Had the mushroom and onion cheesesteak with a side of coleslaw and a root beer.  The coleslaw was absolutely amazing - 5 stars all the way.  The sandwich was average.  The bread was really moist and flavorful, the onions were really sweet and added the perfect touch to the whole sandwich, and the provolone gave it the classic cheesesteak personality.  The mushrooms were subpar and the meat wasn't as flavorful as I expected.  The meet is munched really small so I think it may have robbed the meats flavor.  They also appear to grill the meet frozen so that also didn't help.  I recommend adding a bottled root beer as it added the finishing touch to my meal!So so. Disappointed with the Philly cheesesteak. Had to ask for salt. I don't know if it is traditional, but they chop the crap out of it and mix all the ingredients together forming a malaise of beef. I would like my onions and pickles whole, please.Let me start by saying I am no cheesesteak expert. I got the 'Whiz Wit' as the Philadelphian native informed me to order. For those who don't know this means a cheesesteak with cheese whiz and sauteed onions. The bread was soft if not a bit chewy but the meat was tender and juicy. I'm not sure what everyone else is complaining about but I thought it was pretty good. The fries I would skip next time but the sandwich was good. The line looked daunting but they do a good job of moving you through quickly. I had a chance to exchange a few word with one of the cooks and they were very kind.I don't understand why this place is poorly rated.  Maybe tourists coming to reading terminal have really Hugh expectations for what a cheesesteak is?  Whatever.  They're a solid cheesesteak if you ask me.  Fries are avg, though.Since I was visiting Philly,  of course I had to get my hands on a Philly cheesesteak.  My friend and I were exploring Reading Terminal Market,  and stumbled upon this place.  Since we were at the market on a Saturday afternoon,  most of the food vendors were crowded so we chose Spataro's since there was a small line and it was moving pretty quickly.  However,  I was disappointed by the Philly cheesesteak because the meat was dry and there wasn't much flavor.