This place was soooo unexpectedly delicious!! We had Charred Carrot Hummus, Shabazi Fries, Bean Fattoush, Roasted Cauliflower and the Bean Tagine. Every dish was flavorful, inventive, fresh and amazing!! Kudos to the chef and owner!! Definitely coming back.Diverse and creative drink menu, and excellently spiced dishes (to live up to the name!) What I like best is how versatile this restaurant can be for the guest. You can come in with a group and have a full and delicious meal, or you pop in for a quick drink and snack at the bar. Either way, you can't go wrong with any menu decision (though I was a huge fan of the yogurt appetizer!) Spice Finch is a welcomed addition to the Philly restaurant scene.Had an amazing dinner thanks to our waiter Josh! 
Loved the baked cheese, broccoli toubouleh and octopus 
The desserts he recommended were amazing : sundae and burnt cream !!
Josh also recommended great wine to pair with our meal!Ate at Spice Finch Friday night. Arrived for a 7PM reservation and was seated immediately in a packed dining room. The space is spectacular and we were offered Dinner and Cocktail menus and promptly ordered The Rulebook, Organized Chaos, and a Rest in Pete's. Awesome. Get us a few more rounds please.
It's small plates so we ordered a ton: Shabazi Fries, Croquettes, Roasted Cauliflower, Broccoli Tabouleh, Warm Grain Salad, Little Neck Clams, Samosa, Chili Chicken Kebab, Shakshuka, Salt Baked Eggplant and four sauces - Muhumara, Lemon Yogurt, Garlic Yogurt and Tahina. There was nothing that wasn't fantastic. All was amazing. And the servers were extremely helpful suggesting food pairings and the order for serving.
This is a must go in Philly.We have eaten twice at Spice Finch now, and we love it! The food is delicious, creative, and filling. We had bean tangine (loved it), roasted cauliflower (best ever), and petite filet (tender and YUM) for our main course. Our server, Karen, was lovely and attentive. The presentation is exquisite. Nothing is lacking, and the prices are so reasonable. Ambiance is charming, cocktails are great, and the staff is extremely accommodating. This is a new gem on the Philly restaurant scene, and a very welcome one at that.Great food, drinks, and an amazing ambiance!!! Really good service. Definitely recommend for large parties!WOW!!! Incredibly delicious!! We explored many items on the menu and adored everything!! The lamb melted in your mouth as the flavors exploded!  The drinks were interesting and service was timed perfectly. 
The restaurant has a wonderful energy. 
Our server, Heather was outstanding, friendly and fun. The manager stopped by our table for a delightful conversation. Each employee who poured water or cleaned the table was pleasant and smiling .
Overall a perfect meal!! We can't wait to go back!!Best meal in a while! Chef Jen Carroll's new restaurant is a hit! Definitely want to come back soon. Very good drinks and all the dishes we tried were excellent. Congrats on your new restaurant Chef!Without being accused of "You just like Jenn and Billy/Billy and Jenn so of course you are giving them 5 stars" - they are getting solid 4 stars. The kind of 4 stars that in a couple of months as they iron out the kinks should move straight to 5. Also, we outsourced the selection of the plates to wonderful servers/kitchen staff.
0. Maybe my standards for size are dropping thanks to the incredible rents NYC restaurants pay but this place is huge. Absolutely positively huge. And it seems it is able to deliver consistent food.
1. Spiced yogurt. This thing is absolutely positively delicious. Take it from someone who spent a lot of time in the Middle East. It is the bomb. Creamy, garlicy and delicious. And fried pita. Oh. My. God. The fried pita. Or maybe it was not even a pita. Get it. 
15 out of possible 10 points.
2. Stuffed Grape Leaves - definitely not what I expected. I dont quite know how I feel about it being called "stuffed grape leaves" since one expects a rather specific middle eastern interpretation of what it should be. It was not. It was something else even though true to the form it was stuffed grape laves.
9 out of 10 points. Probably because I cannot get over how it was something else than what I expected based on a name. Still excellent.
3. Dates - yummy. They could even be a desert less sweet dessert if someone did not want to have a traditional middle eastern desert.
9 out of 10.
4. Peri Peri shrimp - I have no words. Just get it.
10 out of 10
5. Broccoli Tabouleh - I may have to reconsider my general antipathy towards broccoli. It was that good.
9 out of 10.
6. Merguez Kebab - absolutely positively delicious. Get it. Get it. And get it.
10 out of 10. 
I think we got two more things but I was so full by the time I dont even quite remember what they were -- food coma. They were, however, very well done.delicious small plates - and vegetarian friendly.  Went twice in one weekend.  Pita bread is insanely delicious, as are shishito peppers and stuffed grape leaves.Every dish we tried was delicious. Service was attentive and well timed.  The lamb ribs is to die for. Will be going back for sure!The burger was thin and bun was dissolving under some heavy tomato sauce and it had melted cheese?...the lamb rib is good, spiced ok and crispy but no sauce offered with it or anything else. The humus are mixed with carrot....??... the bread is like a pancake, it should be lafa or pita bread, crispy not soft cake like. The shredded wheat is actually konafi but was very dry and inedible. Surprisingly bad for its location and all the buzz about the chef.Very nice service and very delicious food! We were there for a birthday celebrate. Will come back again!Bang!  The flavors are a fusion of yummy from around the globe.  The broccoli tabouleh was a delicious twist on a standard.  Best hangar steak ever.  Felt like our server, Eric, was an old friend having us over for dinner...yet never intrusive.  This place is a winner!This restaurant is located on the first floor of the hotel I was staying at and my first stop during my first time in Philadelphia. I got in late and went to straight here to grab a bite. The restaurant had a dim light modern vibe and it could be a numerous of eateries. I like asking for recommendations from the servers and it did not disappoint! I ordered the lamb ribs, a side of yogurt sauce and baby greens salad. They were all delicious!Loved, loved, loved the food! So much to choose from and taste. Each dish was uniquely seasoned, with a layering of flavors..all were delicious. After an amazing dinner the dessert was equally special. Can't wait to go back and try more. Great fun to share with a group of family/friends.Waiter was super friendly and knowledgeable. Cocktails were absolutely amazing. I particularly liked the take on the Midori sour. As far as food, the lamb and chicken were off the charts delicious. The fried cheese and grape leaves were also enjoyable.Food was amazing and different. A new take on traditional Mediterranean food. All the food was fresh and the wait staff was helpful in explaining everything. I would highly recommend!Presentation was spectacular! Warm and inviting lighting and dining area. Hostess, waiter and serve staff impeccable! What can I say but give it a try and you'll see and taste the sensation!I've been here for brunch and dinner. The brunch was good but over priced. We also had horrendous service. The table next to us had to tell the waiters on 3 separate occasions not to bring the dishes out all at once because the table was too small.  We had the same issue and it seemed like we were also forgotten about. After being finished eating for 15 minutes we called over the waiter so I could hand them my card to pay.
I may go back for brunch at some point but why bother when their dinner is amazing?  We had an excellent server that provided phenomenal recommendations and ensured our glasses were always filled.
We started with the Croquettes and they were perfectly crispy on the outside. The inside was a little too runny for me.  The stuffed grape leaves were beautifully presented and I loved how the apricot balanced out the bitterness of the grape leave.  The Baked Cheese was one of my favorite dishes of the night. It comes out on a cast iron skillet sizzling hot. It's ricotta and mozzarella based and has a hint of sweetness to it.
We moved onto roasted cauliflower which was nicely cooked. The coriander cashew butter was perfect for dipping. The Berbere carrots had a nice hint of the berbere seasoning coming through and didn't overwhelm the dish. I couldn't stop sopping up the sauce with flatbread for Peri-Peri shrimp. The harissa provided a nice heat to the sauce. The Octopus Escabeche was SO tender. We also had the Lamb Ribs which fell off the bone.  The pickled radishes were a nice edition to cut the fat.
The main courses were everyone's favorite. The Dry Rub Chicken fell off the bone and had excellent seasoning. We couldn't get enough of the muhumara sauce (walnut and pepper based) to dip the chicken in. My favorite of the main course was the Date Braised Lamb Shank which was beautifully presented surround by vegetables.  The meat fell of the bone and had a deliciously crispy outside. 
We ended with dessert. I could have done without the Chocolate Tahini Cake. The cake was a little dry. It's pretty difficult to get the right balance of ingredients for chocolate cake since it has more ingredients than most cakes that dry it out. I had a bite of the shredded wheat and it had a filling similar to baklava that was delicious.  My fiance had the Sundae and he devoured it even after he claimed he was full.
I highly recommend dinner at Spice Finch but would skip brunch until they work out the kinks of opening a new restaurant.Food and service were terrific. My friend and I had the cauliflower and carrots to start, then the clams and octopus. Split the sundae for dessert. Everything was fresh and well prepared. Yummy! Will definitely come back.Had an amazing dinner here, great new spot! Very cool, trendy vibe, drinks to match. The stuffed grape leaves were delicious, the shrimp were awesome, head-on and super flavorful, very good octopus. Every menu item is packed with tons of layers of flavor, packs a punch. Loved the shredded wheat as a light, perfectly small dessert to finish it off. Highly recommend!I went to this spot one night for a couple drinks and snacks one night. Loved it so much that I took my husband two nights later! The second time was wonderful. We had the croquettes again and they were just as delicious as the first time I had them. We also had the carrots, cauliflower, baked cheese, shakshouka, samosa, broccoli tabbouleh, chicken kabobs, sundae and chocolate cake. 
Everything was really good. I think next time I would pass on the shakshouka and samosa. Shakshouka was for sure my least fav.
Service was great and drinks were as well!!I was really looking forward to coming here for my birthday brunch after reading such great reviews. I was disappointed to say the very least. We waited 30 mins just to get our drink order (by drinks I mean water and coffee) and over an hour to get our food. My dad received his food 25 mins before the rest of our table and had finished his meal by the time we could even get our server's attention. Once we could ask her if our food would be ready soon she responded by saying that some things just take longer to prepare- meanwhile the tables next to us (who had arrived after us) had been served their meals and signed their checks and we, a party of 3, were still waiting to eat. Once our food came I was extremely upset to see a giant hair cooked into my shakshuka. I wasn't going to say anything but my mom insisted that she tell the server and ended up doing so. The server apologized and then the manager came over. He was extremely kind and comped our entire meal and offered to make another dish for us. However, we were not willing to wait another hour and a half to be fed and were ready to go. I gave this 2 stars for the manager being so great, but I will sadly not be coming here again.We really enjoyed the food here but were not fans of the pacing. We ordered 5 smaller plates and they started arriving before drinks hit the table and within five or so minutes of the first small dish appearing, our table was full (so full I was nervous I'd knock something over) of food. I understand often times dishes come out when they are ready, but your entire meal should not come out at once like that. Not sure if it was a kitchen issue, a service issue, or what, but hopefully it was just an off night. If I return, I would probably make sure to let them know I'd prefer slightly more time between dishes. 
As for food, we got the octopus, lamb ribs, merguez kabob, cauliflower and berbere carrots as well as an addition of the garlic yogurt. The vegetable dishes were the standouts, but everything was tasty. Presentation was also beautiful.Great ambiance and attentive service, but food did not live up to the expectation. I was so excited to try Spice Finch because the menu looks unreal, but was disappointed... the food was quite bland, and lacked the unique factor that I was hoping for in Mediterranean - Middle Eastern fusion, which screams bold flavors and spices. The dishes are small and meant to be shared. We started with the stuffed grape leaves, blistered shishito peppers, and fattoush salad. For entree, we shared the roasted cauliflower and dry rubbed chicken. That said, I may have missed the point and would give this place another try, if even for a drink at the bar.Wow! This is an amazing place. We were looking for a place that would have some good vegan and vegetarian choices as well as fish and meet offerings. This place did not disappoint! The date truffles, sourdough flat bread, charred carrot hummus, shrimp and lemon yogurt were all amazing!DEEEEEELISH! Went with 2 people and enjoyed every single dish we ordered. It's pricy, for 3 people our bill was $120 (no alcoholic beverages ordered), but it was so good. Definitely recommend the petit filet, the cheese with the bread add on ($1 addl), and the warm grain salad. Date truffles are good too. Next time we go I will try the hummus!Great drinks, great service and very creative menu. Small plate concept allows for sampling of dishes that one would not normally commit an entire meal to. We'll definitely be back!My daughter and I began our evening with a festive concert by The Philadelphia Gay Men's Chorus (which was beautiful) but placed our dinner at 10:30 pm. Spice Finch was perfect for the late night bite. We started with beautiful cocktails as well as the charred carrot hummus served with sourdough flatbread. The charred carrot hummus was creamy and included garnishing of northern beans and cucumber. The carrots spread was clean and elegant but in my opinion, lacked just a bit of flavor. The blistered shishito peppers were delicious. But the baked cheese? Shredded phyllo (which added perfect, crunchy texture), ricotta and mozzarella baked with a char with the cheesiest, creamiest center. So lovely. The merguez kabob was delicious as well as the fatoush. The dining room is elegant and beautifully understated with dim, glowy lighting. The service (and our server) was impeccable. The host for the evening was so helpful and gracious. This is a great spot. I will be back to try more delicious food.Spice Finch is impressive. Decor is light and fresh, service is impeccable, food is very good. My companion and I shared 6 dishes and a bottle of wine. Bill was $198.00 before tip. In comparison to Saraya I would say the food at Saraya is a bit better. Spice Finch is more centrally located if you're not driving. Like them both.My wife and I celebrated my birthday by having dinner there. Our entire experience was wonderful and we will highly recommend Spice Finch to our friends. We plan to return. The restaurant is very attractive and well laid out. We appreciated that the ceilings were constructed so as to lower the volume of sound, allowing us to hear our conversation with each other without any problem.
The quality of the food was quite terrific. The flavors were inventive and beautifully presented. The service was attentive and our waitress did an excellent job of explaining the dishes on the menu, as well as the different types of alcoholic beverages. 
In sum, we thoroughly enjoyed our dining experience there.It appears that this restaurant will "catch on" quickly and become a welcome addition the the neighborhood. It's different, but not intimidating. 
Bill H.We went here for my husband's birthday and the food was great!  Highly recommend to try this place out if you're looking for something flavorful and new. They offer a wide variety of veg and non-veg options. Portion sizes are small so you have to order multiple dishes for a full meal. I also recommend coming here during a weeknight rather than Friday or Saturday as it was a bit crowded. Overall this is a lovely place in the city with some exotic flavors!I was trying to find somewhere to get dinner in philly around Christmas on a busy Saturday. But my the grace of god I was able to get a reservation to Spice Finch at 5:45. I've been to a ton of Mediterranean style places in philly - Vernick, Suraya, Zahav, all the best places. I'd have to say that Spice Finch is very competitive with all these restaurants and definitely has better prices. The wait staff was very very friendly and accommodating. Food cake out very fast. Everything was DELICIOUS. We had the cauliflower, clams, carrot hummus, and chicken. The chicken was probably the best I've ever eaten. If I could give this place more than 5 stars I would!We had an excellent experience from start to finish. Whether it was Food, service, or accommodation of special requests Spice Finch exceeded our expectations. This is a great addition to the Philly food scene.Spice Finch was good, but nothing really blew me away and they have a lot of competition in this market. I had the shabazi fries which were delicious. Then, the baked cheese which was also really good, but I wanted some crostini or something to slather it on or even more shredded phyllo. it simultaneously wasn't salty or sweet enough. The peri peri shrimp and flatbread were the biggest standouts of the meal, but the roasted cauliflower was just meh. The list continues with the lamb shank and warm grains. The shank was delicious, I wanted more of the date glaze, and I wished it was a bit thicker. The roasted veggies that accompanied it were also great, but the pickles interspersed were an unwelcome surprise. The warm grains aka cous cous and puffed rice not so much a delight. There just wasn't much flavor and the puffed rice looked very unappetizing. Finally, the biggest disappointment of the night, and what I strongly discourage, were the two desserts we ordered: the chocolate tahini cake, and the burnt cream. I've had tahini based desserts before so I know they can be sweet and nutty and entirely delicious, but this was not so. The cake was dry, somewhat savory and there was a lingering flavor that just wasn't very pleasant. The buttercream was heavy and had that same savory tinge. My favorite part of the dessert was the orange sorbet, and that says a lot because I'm not inclined towards orange flavored things, but it was light and fresh and altogether wonderful. The burnt cream, which I thought would be a creme brulee of sorts was not that. It was more of a cottage cheese cheesecake with a mildly sweet cheesey texture (that's common of middle eastern desserts). I was not crazy about this mostly because it was a bit bland, but the rose syrup and the fresh fruit were delightful. Neither choice was great, but between the chocolate cake and the burnt cream I would pick the cream. In summary, get the fries, the shrimp, and the shank, and go somewhere else for dessert!Came for a date night on a Sunday and had an amazing meal!
our server was so friendly and not pretentious at all compared to some of the servers i get around the city. he helped me order and made sure i got to pack all my leftovers home.
we started with the carrot hummus which was DELICIOUS! it was so fresh and i really enjoyed all the combinations of flavors from the veggies.
the peri peri shrimp was cooked perfectly, the broth itself was a little bit salty but the shrimp perfectly melted in my mouth.
the ribs are also a must get, they slide ride off the bone and full of such  great flavors.
my boyfriend got their version of a frozen old fashioned and it was delicious! he loved and ordered multiple.
to finish off the meal, we got the grilled fish which was a must get. it was cooked perfectly and went perfectly with the basmati rice that comes with it.
overall i really enjoyed this restaurant. the indoor decor is so chic and chill and the service was amazing. i'd definitely recommend for a big group or a date night.This place is my new favorite restaurant in Philly. Every single dish was amazing, and the drinks were tasty too. I came here twice in one week because it's that good. To start we got the grape leaves (5 mini ones per order), which had a good mix of salty and sweet flavors. We also got the carrot hummus which was to die for! Very unique taste. The flat bread that came with it was warm and soft. The croquettes were stuffed with a creamy cheesy potato mixture. For cocktails we got the redemption #3, rest in Pete's, and a carrot drink (my fav, I can't remember the name). For my entree I got the bean tagine. Good mix of flavors. It reminded me of an Indian dish. There was a mix of chickpeas and vegetables. For dessert you HAVE to get the tahini cake!!! It comes with ice cream, and thefrosting is something I've never tried before. I usually don't like frosting because of the sweetness but this was just perfect in terms of sweetness. It also incorporates some orange meringue flavors too. The service was also great. All in all, I will be coming back several more times.Not my favorite food but definitely with a try for the interesting menu. It is very vegetarian friendly. Overall I was sort of underwhelmed by the taste but nothing was at all bad. The broccoli tabulleh and the deserts were excellent. Shakshuka, roasted, yogurt, cheese and cauliflower were ok. I don't think I I would return on my own but would happily go if others suggested it.This is a fresh new take in Mediterranean cuisine. The presentation is great, the food is absolutely delicious, and the atomosphere is modern and relaxing. The service was a bit slow to take our order but in their defense the place was packed and it seemed that our whole section was seated at the same time. Don't miss the cauliflower dish, it's delicate flavors are perfectly seasoned. My favorite dish was a skillet in their "for the table" section, we order the eggplant cooked on a bed of salt, it was amazing! I also enjoyed the spicier Peppers, mushrooms and egg dish. My only criticism is that the portions could be slightly larger as this restaurant encourages you to share plates.Amazing kabobs with yogurt side.  8 tried the lamb with lemon yogurt, it was nothing short of....divine!  Great service, great wine list.  Love, love, love.  Only real request?  Add a real chardonnay to you wine list.  Otherwise, awesome.  Homerun!I came across Spice Finch a few times on Eater Philly page, and I thought to my self...why haven't I went here yet. It almost seems like they're competing against Suraya Restaurant. 
Making reservations and finding availability on a weekend was fairly easy. 
Restaurant is a part of this beautiful hotel in the city called Warwick, so if you need to use the restroom, you gotta walk out the restaurant and go to the hotel to use the restroom - which I thought was pretty annoying, especially when it's freezing cold out in the winter. 
Ambience - is beautiful, especially near the bar area. While I was eating dinner, I though to my self that I rather sit and eat at the bar than at the tables because the bar area just looked so much more cuter. The restaurant has a few separate areas for dinner and one big area looks like a normal dinner place but there are few small other sections for dinner that are very segregated and almost feels like I'm sitting in a cafe. 
Service - is excellent. Multiple people comes to check on your, fill your glasses, clean the table and all that fun jazz.. 
Food- 
I could not stop eating their Shabazi Fries that comes with this amazing Aioli (+$2 if you ask for extra). 
Baked cheese was really good, with full of flavors. BUT, it does not come with anything to eat with, so you have to order a side of flatbread to go with it. Flat bread is pretty basic Mediterranean flat bread with za'atar, but it's really soft and warm. 
I thought the croquettes was alright. They're very nice and crispy, filled with cheese and served on a layer of mashed avocado and olive oil. I'd have loved them if there was some flavor to it or served with some dipping sauce. 
Roasted cauliflower was good, but again, not full of flavors. It was more enjoying to eat it as a side to our dry rubbed chicken. 
Dry rubbed chicken was amazing!!! It's nicely cooked with a crispy layer of skin and very nice and soft inside. We got a small size and it was more than enough to share it with 2-3 people. It's a whole chicken that they cut it up in pieces to make it easier. We had about 4-5 big pieces and I was pretty much full after the appetizers and 1 piece of chicken. Chicken comes with a side of Muhamara which is slightly on the sweet side so I opted out of that because I enjoy flavors and spices instead of sweets. I enjoyed the other vegetables it comes with. 
I'll definitely return back again and try their ShakshukaWe've been hearing about SF and decided to stop in here - luckily got a just in time reservation.
Small plates were amazing - lamb was amazing.  
Great for kids, and the entire menu can basically be modified to be gluten free. 
Finally something different in Philadelphia.This was truly an experience that I would love to share. I often enjoy trying unique flavors and combinations of ingredients that I've never had before, and Spice Finch gave me exactly that.  Everything we tasted here actually made you say "OMG try this" from starting with the baked cheese, the garlic yogurt, so tender peri-peri shrimp, octopus, roasted cauliflower, lamb ribs(OMG) everything was just incredible. So good I called my parents the next day and told them I have a new spot for us to go when they visit me, but I will be sure to be back many times with friends before then. The service was great and made us laugh all night thank you Matt- (best server ever)!!Some of the best food I have had in a while, and its right next to my house!
Nice simple menu with not too many options. Just about everything we had at our table was absolutely delicious. 
Standouts were - The harissa - spicy and great flavor. We asked and they DO sell little ramekins of it (It was so good we wanted to take some home). 
Orange Blossom syrup for the pancakes - not too sweet and a perfect amount of orange blossom flavor.
Shakshuka - great flavor, perfectly cooked eggplants, had a nice little spicy kick as well. 
Nicely lit, spacious, interior. Very nice servers. 
Pancakes were a bit of a disappointment as they were pretty dry unless you soaked them in syrup. But the syrup as mentioned was delicious, so I suppose it was a win win after all...
A bit pricey to visit frequently I'll admit, but would highly recommend for a nice meal in the area or fans of middle eastern food.Not my favorite food but definitely worth a try for the interesting menu. It is very vegetarian friendly. Overall I was sort of underwhelmed by the taste but nothing was at all bad. The broccoli tabulleh and the desserts were excellent. Shakshuka, yogurt, cheese and roasted cauliflower were ok. I don't think I I would return on my own but would happily go if others suggested it.This isn't my style of restaurant but my wife wanted to go being a fan of the owner. I will say I was pleasantly surprised. I tried some things I've never had before and some things I've never liked but the cooking and the sauces really made it delicious. 
As for the restaurant itself everything was very clean, the staff was great at explaining things I didn't understand, and everyone was happy and helpful.  I originally thought the prices were a bit high but I do believe the food was well worth the price.My girlfriends and I had a reservation for 6 on a Sunday night and we were seated right away. The restaurant was somewhat crowded but I'm sure that if it wasn't near the holiday it could be a lot more. The restaurant is clean and hip looking. 
If I could separate my review in two parts, I would give the service 3 stars and the food 5 stars. Our waitress started out strong. She gave us a very thorough description of many dishes on the menu. However, she was gone for long stretches at a time and we felt that there were many lulls when we needed to order something or we were expecting something that didn't come. The bathroom is also slightly tricky, as you need to leave the restaurant and venture through the attached hotel lobby. The guys who fill up your water or bring silverware were more attentive than the waitress. 
But anyway, the food!!! So good. Everything was perfectly seasoned and delicious. I could have sat there all night eating the flatbread with the garlic yogurt sauce. We ended up getting two of these sauces and ordered more flatbread throughout the meal. Almost every dish needs an accompaniment of flat bread, although that's not clearly stated in the menu or by the waitress. We also started with the baked cheese and the shishito peppers. Both were super good. We were expecting the baked cheese to be something you could pick up and eat (almost like a spanakopita) but it's actually a skillet of hot cheese, so you definitely need flatbread as a vessel. For my meal I got the chili-chicken kabob which had a great flavor. I put some of the garlic yogurt sauce on it too. I could have just eaten that with a spoon and been content. It's seriously that good. My friends got the peri peri shrimp and the shakshuka, and everyone cleared their plates. I thought the prices were reasonable and we all left satisfied. I would definitely come back here. Every bite of food that I had was absolutely divine.Very intrigued with the Mediterranean cuisine.  Had the octopus, carrot hummus, fries, and to top it off, the very tender lamb ribs.  Both the service and food was spectacular.I love it here!!! So flavorful and nicely portioned. Everything I've ordered has been fabulous especially the shakshuka and ribs. Highly recommend!!I would really love to give Spice Finch a 5-star review: it is one of the few bars in the city we find ourselves coming back to time and again. The cocktails are outstanding (try one of the "redemption" series, each of which features a delicious take on a forgotten or maligned mixer like Jaeger), as is the food (spiced nuts!). Also a chill vibe, where you can almost always find a seat at the bar. Yet every time we've been there (4 times in the past 3-4 months), the bartenders have seemed like they couldn't care less if we were there or not. They have been standoffish, inattentive, rude, even condescending at times. Eventually it will become too much; in fact, if the cocktail menu doesn't change soon we may take our business elsewhere.This place is my new favorite restaurant in Philly. Every single dish was amazing, and the drinks were tasty too. I came here twice in one week because it's that good. To start we got the grape leaves (5 mini ones per order), which had a good mix of salty and sweet flavors. We also got the carrot hummus which was to die for! Very unique taste. The flat bread that came with it was warm and soft. The croquettes were stuffed with a creamy cheesy potato mixture. For cocktails we got the redemption #3, rest in Pete's, and cap spartel (my fav, It was a carrot juice cocktail). For my entree I got the bean tagine. Good mix of flavors. It reminded me of an Indian dish. There was a mix of chickpeas and vegetables. For dessert you HAVE to get the tahini cake!!! It comes with ice cream, and the frosting is something I've never tried before. I usually don't like frosting because of the sweetness but this was just perfect in terms of sweetness. It also incorporates some orange meringue flavors too. The service was also great. All in all, I will be coming back several more times.Wow! This place was amazing! The service was good, our waiter was extremely knowledgeable about the menu despite being new to the staff. The food was incredibly delicious as well! We ordered to eat family style but there was a TON of delicious food. We wish we had been able to order everything on the menu! We're hoping to go back again to try everything we missed out on the first time around!I love this place. The chef is incredibly talented, the food is inventive and delicious and the ambiance warm and swanky. That being said they nearly killed me last night. Beware if you have a tree nut allergy. The dry rubbed chicken which states, "DRY RUBBED CHICKEN: muhumara, potato, zucchin" contains walnuts. The muhumara has a finely chopped walnut base. I didn't know this and I'm sure most do not. This was only caught when the server brought out the food and went through the description! From there the interaction got really bizarre when I said, "I have a nut allergy. I did not see that in the description. Why was this not disclosed?"  She said, "you can just eat the part not touching the muhumara". Uh...what? Sure, that sounds like a great idea to just take my chances on something that can kill me. I said, "it doesn't look like it's only is in the muhumara. That (me pointing) looks like a large walnut sitting on top of the chicken. She said, "that's not a walnut that's a piece of chicken bone sticking out of the thigh". I've deboned a few chickens and know anatomy. That was no bone. So I ordered something else. My companion ate the chicken and we discovered all kinds of walnuts hidden all over and under the chicken. Super scary and weird interaction though. No apology or concern. Lesson reinforced at this place that I need to ask up front what has nuts in the menu.Excellent experience.  Seated right away. Great waitress.  Very knowledgeable of menu. Super accommodationing. Food came out promptly and taste was AMAZING. I will be back a million times. Very nice decor and energy of place was great.We've had almost everything on the menu.... and EVERYTHING is amazing. The most delicious food ever. You can't go wrong! The croquettes are really good, as well as the Tabbouleh for appetizers. Definitely get the Lamb Ribs or Chicken Kabab for a meal. Amazing!!Awesome!
This is a pretty restaurant that is a part of the Warrick Hotel but off to the side.  
Over two visits the Roasted Cauliflower was nicely roasted and charred tender.  The pickled onions, herb oil and cashew butter complimented the Roasted Cauliflower perfectly.  I've read a few other reviews mentioning the lack of flavor in this dish, which if consistently constructed the way I was presented this dish, I'd find hard to agree.  
The Lamb Ribs were perfect with a great char that wasn't offensively inedible.  I'm essentially tired of those that believe charred meat beyond being edible is cool.  There is definitely a point where charred meat beyond a certain point is not great to eat.  I don't like gnawing on meat.  These lamb ribs were definitely not prepared that way.  Finally lamb ribs are inevitably fatty and this version was as well but it was undeniably tasty.  Paired with a rice pilaf, it served well with the lamb to soak up all the fantastic juices from the lamb.
The Dry Rub Chicken was equally impressive.  I almost never reach for the white meat as my first choice when I have options and for good reason.  Most often white meat is dry and bland, but that's not the case here.  The chicken was moist and seasoned well.  There was no fat on the skin and the crust had a great spice crust.  The sumac butter on the side only piled on the greatness.  
I'm already game for future visits.Great atmosphere and the service was excellent. The lamb ribs and dry rubbed chicken were delicious. We were surprised at the size of the chicken plate. A salad and or starter were enough with the chicken.What an experience. In town for a business meeting. Thought we would try something different.
Casual and non pretentious atmosphere. Pleasant and light.
Had the peppers and cauliflower appetizers then followed by the shrimp and lamb shank with couscous side. Wow! Flavorful, delicate, balanced spice, varied palate. Very pleased and very impressed.
I am coming back to check the rest of the menu.
If you want to try a cuisine beside just having the usual, this place has something for every palate. 
Yelpers, check it out.Amazing restaurant with great interior decor and professional and wonderful service. The food is so flavorful and perfect cooked. The cocktails are also delicious and you have great options. Highly recommended. Great for a date night or girls night out.One of the best Mediterranean meals I had since my grandma's cooking. 
The cocktails are very uniquely crafted and the staff helps you pair them perfectly with every single dish.Awesome menu and environment, fun cocktails. Recommend doing family style to sample a lot of the food - all of it is delicious. Favorite dish was the lamb or chicken plate.The food and drinks were really great - but the service left room for improvement. Food comes out as it's prepared but after our third of five dishes, our plates and silverware were taken away without a
word that they would be replaced. They did provide a new set a few minutes later but it was very confusing. Also, it took 10 minutes to find our waiter after finishing our last dish to check out the dessert menu, and then another 10 to get him to come back so we could just ask for the check. Food wise, everything we ordered was outstanding. The Berbere carrots were our absolute favorite with the Peri Peri shrimp in close second. The date truffles were good but sweet - would've preferred them to come last instead of second. For the two of us, 4 small plates & the shrimp was a perfect amount of food. Would come back again for the food - especially to try their brunch menu!This place was amazing. We came here for dinner and we were blown away by everything! Our waiter made the entire experience perfect for us. He walked us through the entire menu, gave us the best pairings and told us what would probably be a decent about of food for two. Each plate was better than the next!!! The pita chips were excellent with the tahini and beets. I hate lamb and I actually ate it happily, the shakshuka was superb; the shrimp was soft and tender, the chocolate cake was excellent!!  Could not suggest this place more, cannot wait to return to brunch!!!Spice Finch was amazing! After reading about this restaurant in Philly magazine we were eager to try it. To start we had the baked cheese and berbere carrots. Both delicious the presentation of the baked cheese dish was fresh.  The octopus escabecha was amazing.  From the food to the service a total A+ in my book. Will return again soon!High-quality, flavorful food. Food I didn't like elsewhere too much (shishito peppers) was very good here.
Great bartenders and cocktails. Pleasant relaxing setting. They don't rush you. People are down to earth and friendly.
Good for vegetarians.Came here for dinner with a friend. Overall very solid with great service and trendy decor. The food was presented nicely as well. Prices were reasonable, compared to San Francisco.
I ordered a non-alcoholic cocktail, the N/A-groni ("non alcoholic (ne)groni") and it was really good - the butters taste really came through.
We started with the charred carrot hummus - the flatbread this came with was delicious, but the hummus itself was bland. Would not order again - just get the flatbread.
Then we got the roasted cauliflower - if you've been to Zahav, this was very similar to their version, except less salty. This is a good thing as I felt Zahav's cauliflower was a bit too salty. This cauliflower was tasty and I might order this again, but I'm not usually a fan of cauliflower.
The little neck clams followed. I usually like clams but I wasn't as much a fan of the sauce/flavors they paired with the clams - I think the tomatoes added too much sweetness. It came with another delicious flatbread to sop up the juices. My dining partners really liked this dish though. I wouldn't order it again but it was popular at the table so worth a try.
We also ordered the charred octopus. I found the octopus might have been slightly under-salted but was otherwise pretty solid. Would order again because I love charred octopus.
Our main dish was the date braised lamb shank. The meat was tender (fall off the bone - easily pulled with a fork) and flavorful but not too salty, as lamb sometimes can be. The roasted vegetables underneath were decent but not amazing. The lamb came with a giant grain salad that was a little plain (seemed to be mostly a bowl of farro) but I had leftovers the next day and mixed it with the roasted veggies and it made a delicious breakfast. I would definitely order this again. 
For dessert we got the chocolate tahini cake. It came with a yummy blood orange sorbet and I appreciated the tehina taste of the "whipped cream" (seemed to be actually tehina cream) on top. The cake was light and not too dense and sweet, as chocolate cakes can be. Would order this again.
My review might sound tepid, but this was overall a very solid experience. Portions were generous, service was prompt and friendly, and while the meal wasn't the best I'd ever had, it was very reliable. Would return.
Standouts for me:
The non alcoholic cocktail
The flatbread
The lamb
The dessertCame here for dinner on a BUSY thursday night but I have to say, not only did we leave with full bellies but we were pleasantly boozy as well.
It was pretty difficult to make a reservation 2 hours prior to the time we wanted but we were able to make it happen and were seated right away.
We decided to get 2 protein dishes and 1 side- we opted for the Chili Chicken, Peri Peri Shrimp and Fattoush salad and I have to say, out of all three dishes, the Fattoush salad was #1. 
The tomato vinaigrette was the perfect acidity level and the green beans were cook but still had the crunch that was necessary.
The salad also came with the restaurants version of croutons (I can't remember what they're actually called) which were AMAZING; even after sitting in the salad for quite some time, they weren't soggy.
The shrimp was a little disappointing; not only did it have the head, but it also had the tail which basically meant we only had about 3 inches of actual shrimp to eat. The shrimp also came with some type of naan bread to dip into the gravy which was fairly decent. 
The chicken on the other hand was delicious- it came perfectly cooked on a bed of yogurt sauce with a crisp breadcrumb topping.
Next time I dine here (which I will because the experience was that great); I'll probably get the Chili Chicken and Fattoush again but hold on the shrimp.
Now more importantly- the alcohol.
We opted for cocktails from their "We Made This" section; we got their tequila option and a whiskey option.
The drinks were delicious and liquor heavy; the taste of tequila wasn't masked (which was okay with me). 
For our second round, I got the "Redemption #3" and it was definitely NOT a good choice. The flavor of jäger was VERY strong but luckily for me, the waitress was sweet and had the bartender curate a cocktail of all the things I loved ie: spicy flavors and tequila.
All in all, our visit here was awesome! I can't wait to come back and try all the things we didn't try our first time around!So glad to see that Chef Jennifer Carroll finally has her own restaurant and that it's in her hometown.  The set up of the room is very open and modern, with tables spread around the large bar area as well as some tables in the back.  I was glad we were in the back where it was a little quieter.
The menu is unusual as were the spices used in most of the dishes.   The majority of the plates we shared were amazing, with tastes we have not experienced before.
The Baked Cheese was ricotta and mozzarella sprinkled with shredded phyllo.  We ordered Flatbread to go with this dish.
I'm not a yogurt enthusiast but the Garlic Yogurt with crudité and berbere flatbread crisps was ridiculously delicious as was the Roasted Cauliflower with coriander cashew butter, pickled onion and herb oil.
The head-on Peri-Perie Shrimp with garlic, harissa and preserved lemon, was also very different as well as delicious.
The Octopus Escabeche with zucchini, corn and herb oil was, although very good, not one of my favorites.
We should have stopped there but had ordered the (whole) Dry Rubbed Chicken with muhumara, potato and zucchini. After only a few bites, we were full but enjoyed the leftovers for dinner the following night.  It was very good but not a particular favorite.
So with 4 drinks the bill, before tip, came to around $142. (Without the chicken it would have only been $109.)  In either case, it was well worth the price.  We are looking forward to another visit.Had an amazing dinner tonight. Great flavors, great service. Hidden gem. Try it, you will love it!I was here the other night for a special occasion and 1 the restaurant is larger than you think, it's like the Tardis. The space is inviting and not cramped. I highly recommend the snap pea infused drink! It's surprising how good it is. The Chicken is great. The carrots were good but clashed with the other dishes we ordered. The Dolmades were some of the best I've had though a bit non traditional. The shrimp were awesome. I would say this is like Suraya of Rittenhouse.Spice Finch is a Center City gem.  I am not typically a fan of Mediterranean food but was invited to join my friend so gave it a try.  We sat at the bar and started with some lovely wine.   Our bartender Nathan described the menu items in great detail and had us wanting to try them all.  Nathan suggested we order various dishes and share them which turned out to be a great idea since the serving sizes are generous.  The shrimp arrived with a warm pita bread to soak up the sauce with.  We had croquettes with an avocado sauce that was amazing.  We rounded out our meal with roasted carrots that also arrived with an amazing sauce.  As a finale we had a shredded wheat dessert that was lovely.  The restaurant is comfortable, warm and welcoming and we didn't feel rushed.   As a visitor to Philly I can't wait to come back.Before talking food, let's start with the service: fantastic! We got Seth as our server and he took us on a magic carpet food journey with the way he described flavors and suggested pairings. I got the shishito peppers which had a bit too many seeds and a sauce that wasn't exactly complimentary. I got the lamb ribs which were good but not the most tender- perhaps it would have been better if I got the lamb shank which Seth raved about. The peri peri shrimp were a bit overcooked. The drink I got, Rest in Pete's, was deliciously tasty and unique with sumac put on the side of the glass for added allure and flavor. All in all, I would come back for drinks and the service but have a main meal elsewhere.We came here to celebrate a special birthday and it turned into a 2+ hour meal because of the horrible service. 2 people's fish entrees were served raw and then we waited for 30 minutes for dessert to be served to our table without anyone coming to check on us. Not only that but the waitress was snarky and the receptionist did not even thank us for dining at the restaurant. However, after the fact the manager did take something off of our bill which was very nice but she was incredibly disrespectful. I would not go back or recommend this restaurant at all which is a shame because the food was good.What even is a finch? I think we all think we know but we really have no clue. Kinda like the food here - everything sounds delicious but we have no idea what it will be until it hits the table. And thank goodness it is a terrifically delicious surprise! 
What we ate:
charred carrot hummus 
shabazi fries
roasted cauliflower 
chili chicken kebab
date braised lamb shank
garlic yogurt 
burnt cream 
two excellent cocktails - rest in pete's and the clover club! 
I loved everything, but faves would be the chicken kebab and the lamb shank and the garlic cream and the cocktails and how many more ands can I stuff into this run on sentence. 
Bottom line: Terrific place to come with a small or big group, with adventurous eaters who love sharing a smattering over great cocktails in a chill space.
To try next time:
octopus
samosa
lamb ribsThis was one of the most incredible experiences I've had dining out in a looong time! Impeccable service, exquisite flavorful food (all the dishes are amazing!) please make this stop if you like Mediterranean.Another 4.5 star YELP rating which ends up an average, A-OK, 3 stars.  Maybe I was at these last two restaurants (see my review of the Royal Boucherie) on the wrong nights, or something is in the city water, or my taste buds are not aging as beautifully as I am. :-)
The restaurant itself is very cosmopolitan, right off the lobby of the Warwick, and very chic contemporary.
I tried one of their specialty cocktails, the Clover Club, which was gin, raspberry, lemon, dry vermouth, and a  frothy egg white.  A little sweet for my taste , but not bad overall.  I switched to beer after that.  The beer selection sucked...no IPA's on tap!
Let me preface by saying I am not always a fan of the small plate, except at certain places.  The presentation of each dish disappears immediately as you start shoveling food from the serving plate on to your little plate, and sometimes you miss all of the flavors/sauces/dressings as they appear on one side of the dish and not on the other.  You should be with friends you don't mind sharing everything with, including, but not limited to their germs and sexually transmitted diseases.
On to the food.
   Blistered shishito peppers - could have done without, very uneventful and only slightly blistered/charred - 2 stars
   Roasted cauliflower - quite crispy - 4 stars
   Stuffed grape leaves - never showed up at the table, but I HEARD they were very good.  They showed up on my check though, thanks to our unattentive server, but then had it removed after I pointed it out - N/A stars
   Peri-peri shrimp - just ok, it was shrimp, it was ok, it was shrimp - 3 stars
   Dry-rubbed chicken - the highlight of the night, but it was room temperature when it arrived at the table, and the wonderful roasted veggies were actually cold. So this 5 star dish loses a star - 4 stars 
   Lemon yogurt sauce - talked into this by the server, it was like throwing money away, could have done without - 2 stars 
Now, if I go back here, it will be to try a few other plates.  But I would sit at the bar, always better service in my opinion.  I like being in the place physically, but as I said I was hoping for a 4.5 star experience.been 2x for brunch and am hesitant to write this review because it's the best kept secret in the city. favorite dishes include the eggs, tahini, peppers, and the shakshuka!We enjoyed everything about this restaurant.
The restaurant itself has a great vibe, a sleek look, and unsurprisingly attracts a trendy crowd. They feature an interesting selection of mixed cocktails and a strong, albeit pricey ($16 for Basil Haydens? Ouch!), list of spirits. 
The wait staff recommends ordering a selection of plate sizes, that are designed to be shared. For our "Small Plates" we began with the "Shabazi Fries" and "Tortilla". Both were outstanding. For our "Large Plates" we went with the "Peri-Peri Shrimp" and "Lamb Ribs". Again, both were excellent, especially the Lamb Ribs. We complimented our main course with the Roasted Cauliflower, which was also incredible. With a total of 3 cocktails and tip, the total damage was $145 ($45 of which was bar bill). 
Spice finch has definitely found its way into our regular rotation of Philly restaurants.Delicious food. This place is expensive but the food is truly incredible so I felt it was worth it. We were a group of five and each paid about $54 each (including tip). We each had one drink. One dessert was ordered a couple of coffees.
Anyway, the different spices that are used are artfully combined. Everything was tasty and each dish was such a flavorful experience. We ordered about 5 small plates, all vegetable bases, the catch of the day, one meat entree and a vegetable entree. 
The service was excellent and the restaurant is modern and very spacious. 
I was stuffed. The portions are not big but if you share it works well.New location and waited a while at the bar for drinks. People are nice and menu looked very good. Portions that came out were nice size. Once the growing pains are worked out would like to go back.Surprisingly great food and overall experience in Rittenhouse.  Low key environment and not difficult to get in to unlike suraya or zahav, but food is almost just as good.   The lamb ribs were especially delicious.  Our service was excellent as well and my wife and I will definitely be back.Spice Finch was a good meal--fresh and flavorful, but definitely not worth the high price-point. Most of the menu can be modified to be gluten free, so my brother and I split a bunch: broccoli tabbouleh, Turkish spiced tuna loin, baked cheese (no phyllo), half dry rubbed chicken, lamb kabob, and roasted cauliflower. The tuna loin was the stand-out...light, thoughtfully prepared. Baked cheese did nothing for me... it was greasy and plain. Everything else was good, not great. Portions were average sized for tapas.
Service here is exceptional... friendly, attentive, and they work as a team to make sure you always have whatever you need. Decor and plating are also beautiful.
All said and done, we got out for about $135--what it usually costs us to do the tasting menu at Zahav, which we both agree we enjoy decidedly more.FANTASTIC. My boyfriend and I chose Spice Finch for our Valentine's Day dinner after studying their menu and realizing we wanted to eat everything. To our amazement, we realized that it was attached to the hotel we were staying at for the night (neither of us had a clue it would be THAT close to the Warwick!) so it was pretty amusing to walk from the hotel lobby right into the restaurant.
We didn't opt for the Prix Fixe, but ended up catching the last 10 mins of the Happy Hour and ordered a couple of cocktails and some fries to start before our 7 PM dinner reservation. The Finch House Punch is no joke--I was feeling tipsy after 3/4 of the way through that drink, and it was divine!
For the main event, although we originally wanted to order about 4 plates to share, we were somewhat satiated from Happy Hour and settled on 3 plates and cocktails instead. We started with the Broccoli Tabbouleh which was wonderfully refreshing, then had the Peri Peri Shrimp & the Merguez Kebab as the main entrees. Both were incredible with unique flavor profiles and I would order both again and again! The Peri Peri Shrimp was super savory, and I loved the tomato sauce on the kebab. We even ended up ordering an extra flatbread to soak up all of the wonderful sauces in both the shrimp & kebab dishes.
To finish things off, we shared the burnt cream dessert, and it is hands down the BEST dessert I've EVER had. I'm not a dessert fan by any means but this was truly incredible with amazingly balanced slightly sweet, tart, and fruity flavors. The space is modern and gorgeous, and the staff was very friendly and knowledgeable. I would love to return to Spice Finch the next time I'm in Philly!So delicious! I will be back on my next Philly trip. I came here with family friends and we loved the restaurant. Highly recommend the cocktails, especially the bourbon one! All the food was extremely flavorful, even the most basic carrots. The baked cheese was completely unexpected and light. And the crispy lamb ribs were a must try. It was also a great space and had a wonderful big bar with seat backs on the chairs (always a plus). There was a good level of background noise, but not too loud that you couldn't hear your table mates. Service was just as superb. It seemed like a great place for private events as there were barriers you could close or open to divide the restaurant up.Easily some of the best Mediterranean-fusion dishes I've tried in a while. The vegetable options were, in my opinion, the best on the menu. The drink options weren't extraordinary, but they were still worth exploring. The decor is beautiful and the wallpaper gives the place an upscale look. Also, the prices are VERY reasonable. This might have changed, but keep in mind that to use the bathroom, you have to walk for a bit into the next-door hotel lobby. Don't let that discourage you, this place was dope.Fabulous graduation dinner at Spice Finch!! Unique delicious food and cocktails. We enjoyed every dish. This is a great shared plates restaurant. We were eight people and everyone was very impressed with the food and drinksThis place is amazing. The date appetizers were amazing. My wife who doesn't even like dates "could eat just those date truffles forever". The baked cheese was amazing. The organized chaos and rest in pete's cocktails were amazing. The lamb ribs and the curried shrimp were amazing. The cardamon ice cream and chocolate tahini cake were amazing.
My tummy is full of happiness and satisfaction, so I'm not writing the most articulate of reviews. But this is definitely a 5 stars for food.
Also our waitress McKenna was delightful and oh so helpful. She made sure we were well taken care of.
Great date night spot.As a early lunch/brunch, Spice Finch offered something pleasantly different than the innumerable hipster brunch options in Center City. While the prices were still a bit on the excessive side, my friends and family had a great time trying out new items such as the savory shakshuka, meguez (mutton/beef sausage) wrap, the sweet date wraps, and the broccoli tabbouleh. My personal favorite was the tabbouleh, as I've never had those two combinations before and it was one of the cheaper and more filling dish. The meguez was also a smash hit with a carefully crafted blend of gamy protein, harrisa, garlic yogurt and tomato chutney. I was a bit underwhelmed by the one-note, salty shakshuka and the slightly overpriced brunch cocktails, and I was saddened to miss out on the popular shabazi fries (out at 10am).
The only thing to note is that while the online brunch menu mentions the items we had this day, they were not available (strictly enforced) until 10:30am. So..we had to just sit there and wait before the kitchen could make those dishes, which was a little bit disappointing.
Food: 3 stars
Service: 3 stars
Price: 2 stars
Ambiance: 3 starsTheir fries are great, get them for sure. The drink menu surprised me, there's lots of really creative and strange things to try. The gentleman that was our bartender was pretty sassy, which was surprising but welcome. I can see why some might be annoyed by someone like that though. Our main courses were great--don't skip out on the lamb dishes. I had the lamb shanks and it was delicious, tender, and had an interesting sauce/soup thing that tasted a little sweet but not in a way that ruined it. My girlfriend had a lamb kabob and it was the better choice. Highly recommendSpice Finch a pleasant surprise!
I enjoyed my Express lunch at Spice Finch and was pleasantly surprised by the myriad of choices on the menu. The tahini sauce was delicious and freshly made. I also liked my mixed greens salad with Manchego cheese. The waitstaff were very helpful and friendly. It was an overall positive experience.These chefs are special. And that's why I gave the benefit of ty doubt.
Walking in was warm and inviting. The blue and white were comfy. The bar, while not visited looked great. We sat at a corner solid table.
Nice server but she failed at selling us anything, no fish special no beer on tap. Honestly the worst part of our visit, not engaging at all.
Shabazi fries and baked cheese were god damn awesome. The fries were spicy McDonald's fries and the baked cheese as bleeping life changing.
It failed with the fatoush, not good
The samosa and the filet came back around for a good dinner. Some place I make take guests some dayTook my friend out for our monthly date. She recommended this place. MInd you, she is a very picky eater. The two of us ordered almost everything from the menu, and none of those items were disappointing. She actually likes the food here. She was happy, I was happy, the night was perfect. 
The service was professional. The waiter knew his menu inside out and his recommendation was solidly helpful. This is how you earn 50% tip people.SUCH a cute spot! I'm so sad we happened to stay at the Warwick hotel before this was open, I love it here! Such cute decor, great menu, and lots of space.
I came with my aunt and we shared the baked cheese and curry carrots over cocktails. I'd highly recommend, and I can't wait to come back for their new brunch menu!Fantastic meal!! An upscale take on Mediterranean cuisine without abandoning what we all love about it. A nice variety of perfectly executed simple dishes along with sophisticated dishes with complex flavors. I will definitely be coming back again!First impression upon walking into the restaurant was of a cool, modern vibe that felt intimate although it is a fairly large space. Upon being seated, we did have to wait about 10 min before the waitress came over to the table to introduce herself and bring us water. She seemed to be doing the best she could, but it seemed like she had way too many tables to be able to give each table the attention they deserved. I'm not sure if they were understaffed that night or what, but I feel that if our server had less tables, our experience would have been a little better. Also, a different wait staff came to fill up our water glasses at one point and he spilled a good amount of water all over my phone. My cousin said he realized what he had done, but instead of apologizing and bringing over a towel or napkins he just walked away without saying anything. So I had to dry off my phone with my own napkin and then there was a puddle of water on the table for the rest of our meal. 
The food however, was all delicious! We were a group of three and decided to share a bunch of apps and sides so that we could try more things on the menu. We got the bread and dips with both breads and the muhamarra, tahina, beet dip, and leek vinaigrette. Our favorites were the beet dip and the leek vinaigrette. The muhamarra was good but we felt that it could have been a little more flavorful.  The tahina was also good, just what you would expect. 
Then we got the stuffed grape leaves, which were absolutely wonderful. They were different than any other grape leaves I have had before. The touch of sweetness from the apricot really made them special. This was my cousin's favorite thing we ordered. We also got the shishito peppers which we all enjoyed and the cauliflower, which was especially outstanding. After ordering an extra order of the flatbread and crisps to finish all of the dips we were all full. We contemplated ordering an entree to share, but all of those appetizers were plenty of food for us for dinner. Overall we really enjoyed our meal at Spice Finch.Spice Finch is one of my favorite new restaurants in Philly! I really love this place!! The food is amazing. 
Some of my favorite dishes are: 
1. Date Truffles - wow! Dates with pomegranate & cashew, these little balls are small but packs a delicious mouthful of flavor! Love these. 
2. Stuffed Grape Leaves - these are not your typical grape leaves, like every other Greek restaurant. these are different, with fennel, apricot, and a delicious yogurt sauce. 
3. Lemon Yogurt dipping sauce is absolutely phenomenal. Make sure to get a side of it, its only $4 and worth every penny. Dip in it with the light flaky dough bread, I think its $2.
Some other dishes I really liked was the eggplant meal, carrots app, and cauliflower app. The Octopus I had high hopes for, but it really wasn't as good as I expected. Still decent though. 
The drinks are also amazing. The Clover Club is one of my favorites, but I've also had some others that are great. The Redemption drinks are creative and funny, the midori one was is really good. 
Service is always great, and the ambiance is easy to please anyone.. its fancy enough for a nice date, but casual enough that its not awkward. Its also good for business dinners. The bar is very large so there's usually seats open, but try to make reservations in advance since Spice Finch is so good, that its usually always packed. I love it! Highly recommended.Get the lamb ribs and you will thank me as one of the best foods you have ever tasted/had!What a fantastic place. Went there to celebrate a friend's 50th birthday. We ordered a ton of food (in no particular order): octopus, shrimp, garlic yogurt dip, croquettes, fries, baked cheese, lamb ribs, a salad and samosas. We also ordered desserts--the chocolate cake with orange and tahini, the sundae and the burnt marshmallow. We loved everything but the marshmallow and the samosa. Just not our cup of tea. (My fave was the shrimp and the ribs.)
Friends had cocktails, I had a glass of wine--a generous pour. Best of all, the service was terrific at all levels. Friendly, attentive but not at all obtrusive. And miracle of miracles: we were able to have a conversation without having to shout. 
Highly recommend!We celebrated my boyfriend's birthday at Spice Finch this week. Everything was delicious! We ordered 6 dishes for the 2 of us:
The fries were amazing - I have no idea how fries that look so normal could be so wonderful. A must order! 
Octopus - cold octopus salad - my favorite of the evening!
Lamb short rib - excellent - well seasoned and so tender - this was his favorite dish. 
Roasted cauliflower - great side - good sized portion as well. 
Samosas - warm and filled with wonderful meat! A little heavy, but so worth the calories. 
Date truffles - this was the only dish we didn't absolutely love. They were very good, we just felt they would be better as a dessert than an appetizer. 
6 dishes (we didn't order dessert) and we felt full but not stuffed. It's also reasonably priced for center city - 6 dishes and 2 cocktails (also great!) and the bill was around $115.Spice Finch has a  gorgeous menu! This is an easy place to share lots of small plates, their flat bread and dipping sauces are a must as  is the baked cheese. We also shared the Peri Peri Shrimp, it was all incredibly flavorful and delicious! I had the beet and  bouchie beverage, it was so refreshing! I can't wait to go back here, food and service are prime!Beautiful atmosphere with amazing service. The flavor from this food is top notch. Layers of flavor in each dish the rival Zahav. This is definitely a go to for a date night in center city.  You would expect it to be very loud, given the amount of people in the restaurant, but it isn't. Beautiful space that allows for intimate conversation. Must go!I loooove Spice Finch. The food is great and so is the atmosphere. They have a great cocktail program but I was very disappointed yesterday when I went in for dinner and found out that my FAVORITE BARTENDER IN PHILLY, Nate, no longer works at Spice Finch. The food was still good and the service was decent but I can't wait to find out where he works (the other bartender gave me a lead) I'll be there in a heartbeat! YHighly creative Mediterranean cuisine - sort of  nouveau North African. Shared some starters and small plates, all veggie, and loves the combination of textures and seasonings.  The yogurt sauces were especially delicious. I also recommend the stuffed grape leaves and the date truffles.  And the burnt cream for dessert was an excellent ending to the meal.I had walked past Spice Finch about 20 times before deciding to try happy hour there after work one day. The staff was really great, and was nice to talk to, and the bar was a comfortable relaxed environment with enough space to talk without yelling, and felt upscale as well. 
I had a good drink, and tried the roasted cauliflower and the blistered shishito peppers, and they were delicious. I also had a cocktail while I was there - the rest in Pete's. It was delicious as well as a great nod to the diner that was previously located across the street from this location.I've been waiting to come here for a while and boy, was it worth the wait! Came in with one other person and shared the mixed baby greens salad, lamb shank entree, and the garlic yogurt sauce with flatbread. Everything was absolutely delicious, service was very good, and we were stuffed! I just wish we had been with more people so we could have tried more items on the menu. Will definitely be back.I was pleasantly surprised to see this new player on the Philly brunch scene. 
My main squeeze and I ventured over to Rittenhouse on a crouching Saturday ready to pounce on Christmas. No reservation was required for around 1-2pmish where only a few tables were occupied. The space is pretty large and decor refreshing. 
We were seated immediately and immediately knew what we wanted to order. We both went with the bloody mary and fattoush which is a lettuce-less salad, if you will. They have the option of ordering sauce sides and for a condiment perv like myself, impossible to pass up. I ordered a garlic yogurt side and bae ordered the CLASSIC tahina sauce. 
The bloody mary was served in a TALL glass thankfully. Ain't nobody got time for that drink-special-bullshit that is a discounted rate compensated by providing the drink in a rocks glass. Additionally, this was probably one of the better bloody marys I've consumed in this town. 
The fattoush was also very enjoyable. This mediterranean salad contains cucumbers, green beans, some strange pink wedgy substance that visually but not texturally or flavorly resembles dried pink lemons and maybe 3 cherry tomato halves smothered in a green dressing. There were a few pita bread croutons that are naughty for keto bitches like me but easily avoidable. It wouldn't be a real review if I didn't drop the keto line at least once. 
The tahina sauce was good but I've had better. the garlic yogurt was SPECTACULAR. The yogurt itself was thick and divinely kissed by lemon and garlic flavor. The probably cilantro but possibly another herb on top was possibly too aggressive requiring me to move it out of the way to really appreciate the genuine flavors of the yogurt. 
This was a great meal that didn't result in me feeling like a complete fat piece of shit lard after eating and I bet some of their more carby options are probably great as well.Spice Finch was the best pick ever to kick off the New Year with an unforgettable brunch! Several of my friends were in town for the holiday and we took one of them out to brunch for his birthday which was the next day.  It truly was the best decision we could have ever made.  There were 7 of us, and ample space for our group.  He's vegetarian, and the menu definitely had a great selection for him to pick from.  The rest of my group also had no problem choosing what to eat - the menu was not only extremely interesting, but everything just looked incredibly delicious. The interior was gorgeous and surprisingly spacious for a Rittenhouse restaurant. There was bright lighting, gorgeous decorations, and overall just a classy atmosphere that is perfect for everything between special occasions and nice weekend brunches.  
Our group together got a few brunch drinks (a house made lemonade, Bloody Mary, and mimosa) and some coffees (La Colombe).  We also ordered several different flatbreads, a basket of fries, and the shakshuka.  I was one of the people who ordered the shakshuka and I absolutely loved it. The large size actually wasn't too big and I felt was a perfect size for one person if you're really, really hungry.  The pita it came with was generously portioned as well, with the eggs perfectly cooked and so gooey on the inside.  The shakshuka itself had that nice, classic, rich tomato flavor with a hint of ras-al-hanout.  It was incredible, and one of the best shakshukas I've had.  The fries were also really great, well seasoned with a side dipping sauce that was creamy and perfect.
We brought a cake for our friend and the kitchen was able to light candles for us and cut the cake for us as well, which was so generous. Our service was absolutely perfect, and I can't emphasize enough how everyone 1) loved the experience and 2) loved their food. Not a single complaint, we stayed for forever just chatting and having a good time and I am so thankful to Spice Finch for helping us celebrate our friend in the best way possible! I will 100% be back for dinner, I would be a fool to not return over such a stellar brunch experience.I have read so many good things about Jen Carroll since her time on Top Chef that I was really looking forward to seeing if the hype was real once she opened Spice Finch. It's a Mediterranean Bistro serving shareable plates. It's right off of Rittenhouse Square and I was lucky enough to get a window seat good for people watching. I was able to get a cocktail and share a few plates. I tried the baked cheese, octopus, shrimp, and lamb ribs. The baked cheese came with a pita bread and it was the standout star. It was so good it left me wanting more. The shrimp came with the heads on, with a sauce that didn't serve to enhance the shrimp. That was disappointing. The octopus was just OK. The lamb ribs were delicious, But only the ones cooked properly. The last 2 pieces were burnt. The sauce may hide it on the plate, but once you try to bite it there is no denying it. I had a good cocktail, presumably named after the Little Pete's diner that used to be across the street. But the waiter never came over and asked if I wanted another cocktail, so I didn't bother to get another one. The waiter also went MIA when it was time to pay the check. Dessert was a chocolate tahini cake, with orange sorbet. Kudos to the pastry chef as that was a sweet ending to a mixed bag of a meal.
Spice Finch has some work to do in both food and service to live up to the hype.Came here to celebrate a special occasion with a relative. Upon being seated, they surprised us with champagne for a toast. We had enjoyed the restaurant on previous dining experiences, and this was an unexpected touch. We had a terrific varied meal with multiple sharable plates and will definitely be back.I dined here for the first time last night. Food was delicious (except for the cauliflower which was oddly and extremely sweet) but all the food presented very well. 
The Asian guy filling water glasses kept unnecessarily touching the mouth part of the water glasses, the girl filling water glasses maneuvered herself in a way to put the water that she did not have to touch the glasses at all, so it appears some staff are trained and some are not... 
My only real caveat was that half way through the meal some lady came over, interrupted us, and started moving things around on our table while we were in the middle of eating. We looked at each other like 'who is this??'
She asked us "how are things tasting?" and I said "good, who are you?" then she bizarrely just shuffled off, completely ignoring my question. 
I had no clue if this was another guest but we both thought it was creepy and weird!! We realized later it was some sort of manager just checking in but perhaps you should introduce yourself (especially when not in any sort of waiter/waitress uniform)!????This review is just for happy hour for now. I stopped in last Thursday night for happy hour and got a seat at a table by the bar right away. Staff was really nice which sometimes is rare during happy hour (eg, you can only sit at bar and too bad for you if you can't find seats that's not my problem). 
I was happy to learn that happy hour starts early: 4pm on weekdays and 3pm on Fridays! They go til 6pm on all weekdays!
The wines and cocktails are not particularly cheap but they have some good beer deals. The food is where it's at. 
We got the shabazi fries, and got the crudites and flatbread and two of the three sauces: tehina and garlic yogurt. 
All the food was superb and I would get any and all of them again. The crudites were really fresh and crispy with a good selection; I could've eaten ten flatbreads; and the fries were perfectly crunchy with a good amount of seasoning. 
I'm excited to try this place for brunch or dinner but for now I would definitely add it to my HH repertoire. 
HH Menus as of Nov 2018 included as photos.Enjoyed a delicious meal at Spice Finch. The atmosphere was relaxed and the music was fantastic. It was their one year birthday, so they were celebrating. We had two cocktails that were very good. Our meal came out quickly and we got multiple items to share. The baked cheese was amazing, and I can't stop thinking about the fattoush. It was such a beautiful mix of bright, vibrant vegetables that were seasoned to perfection. The roasted cauliflower was good, but I will get something else next time. We then shared the chicken which were served with a green salad. The chicken was delicious and extremely tender and juicy. We didn't have room for dessert, but because it was their birthday they gave us a complimentary slice of cake which was delicious. I will definitely be returning to try other items on the menu alongside my fattoush!!Go for the apps and eat them all...  forget about entrees because the apps, dips and small bites are incredible.   Tasty, exciting and nicely sized portions for the price point.    It's a fun, bright but not too loud atmosphere, bartenders perhaps a bit too cool for school, overall a solid bar and nosh experience.   An unexpected find in a slightly surprisingly location (off a hotel lobby) that delivered.Mediocre food at best and service was lacking.  I sat at the bar and it took over 10 mins for someone to ask me if I needed anything.  The two bartenders behind the bar were literally standing in front of me but were too busy/distracted because they were talking negatively about other customers in the restaurant.  The atmosphere is "eh".  It feels and looks like a hotel lobby restaurant.This meal was one to remember. 
What I ordered: 
-charred octopus 
-shabazi fries
-baked cheese
-berbere carrots
-merguez kebab
-sourdough flatbread
-garlic yogurt 
Every single dish was well balanced with the perfect amount of spice. I felt like I was on a getaway in the Mediterranean. 
My favorite part of the meal.. the baked cheese and the fries. I enjoyed dipping the fries in the yogurt. Don't get me wrong, the harissa aioli was delicious as well. The yogurt was just a step up in my opinion with the garlic. 
Damn... that baked cheese. I am still thinking about it! The crunch of the phyllo, the cheese simultaneously melting in my mouth. Amazing. 
The kebab was delicious. I think the meat got cold because it was over chutney, but overall it was delicious. 
The carrots were great. Tons of flavor and a bit of crunch. 
If I had to rank the dishes, the octopus would be last. I still enjoyed this dish, but I wasn't blown away. I was confusing the mushrooms for octopus and the octopus was almost a bit fatty. 
Overall, the meal was fantastic. 
Can't wait to return.This restaurant has great food. But the service is terrible. On Feb. 11th 8:17 pm. The African American server who has the mustache was terrible.  He seemed like he does not work here. Terriblly trash sevice. What a great restaurants. I am so disappointed of the service. Won't repeat again. The McDonald's has better serivce than this. He was so rude. And no idea about what is hospitality is. Please. Spice finch' owner. Fire him! Terrible trash serivce. !A truly lovely experience topped off by great service and attention by the manager, Jess.  She made sure our table was happy, while watching out for the rest of the floor.  Our waiter was informative and not intrusive.  Flatbreads and toppings were a big hit, the half chicken was delicious and perfectly spiced.  The whole fish was presented beautifully and filleted perfectly.  Food was paced nicely, never felt rushed or like we were waiting too long.Came here to celebrate our dad's birthday. I have zero complaints (which is rare). We ordered a little bit of everything but l loved the cauliflower, carrots and Peri-Peri Shrimp. The Nitty Gritty cocktail, I would go back just for that. Great flavors and variety on the menu. My three year old even munched on some of the veggies. Highly recommend!Spice Finch was recommended to me by some friends and has also had a lot of hype around it due to Top Chef's Jennifer Carroll's return to Philly. My boyfriend and I had high hopes but ended up pretty underwhelmed. Nothing was bad, but everything was "just okay." We went on a weeknight for dinner, and it was pretty empty and the interior was dark and a bit dingy and our table still had food on it and was a bit sticky. The service was really great and our waitress was prompt and kind. The food, however, was just average (lacking flavor overall and the textures were kind of soggy) and for all the hype and the cost (small plates really add up, about $80 for I believe 4 items without drinks), we were overall disappointed. Maybe it was an off night, but with all of the other great options in the area, I don't know that I would go back.AMAZING. I came here for the first time with a group of friends, then quickly returned a week later to take my family. 
Food (5/5): They have a small plate concept to the restaurant, and I've had quite a few though many more to try in the future. My favorites so far are the baked cheese, carrot hummus, and date truffles. Though the others are also fantastic, and the lamb ribs/shank should be tried as well.
The baked cheese consists of a melted cheese dish in a skillet, with the salty savoriness of the cheese combined with a bit of sweetness from the sauce, with slightly tart fresh tomatoes and some crunchiness on top. Their date truffles are super delicious and interesting (I'd recommend getting this as a dessert/palate cleanser), with a combo of sweetness from the dates, sour from the pomegranate juice, and freshness from the cilantro.. their dishes are a flavor explosion that is very innovative.
Ambiance (5/5): The restaurant is fairly large with a bar and front/back dining areas. It is attached to a hotel so you will have to cross over to that side to use the restroom, but it is a beautiful and clean restaurant and hotel so it's a nice view on your way over.
Service (5/5): The staff was very knowledgeable on the dishes (down to the spice on the flatbread!) and had great recommendations. They were polite and attentive: folding napkins when you stepped away, clearing dishes, etc. 
I cannot rave about this place enough: the innovative menu, beautiful decor, and wonderful staff. This new restaurant has quickly become one of my favorite restaurants in Philly. I will definitely be back again soon!I was very disappointed when to brunch here to celebrate my daughter's birthday . After waiting for about 20 minutes for our waitress to take our order, our food didn't come until almost an hour later. One entree came about 25 minutes before the other two entrees. People seated at the next table had ordered and finished their meals before ours arrived.  Once we did receive our food, a fairly long strand of hair was found baked into one of the dishes. The staff did apologize and they did comp our meal, but I don't think we will be back.Awesome lunch spot! Had a weekday lunch reservation but didn't need it as it was pretty empty. Much larger restaurant than I was anticipating. 
Started with the date truffles. They were interesting, though maybe better suited for a dessert as they're quite (understandably sweet). The flatbreads were sooo good. I had a chicken flatbread sandwich, and the chicken was fine (maybe a bit too much mayo based sauce in it for me) but didn't matter because the bread itself was fluffy and buttery and chewy and delicious! The fries it came with were super thin and crispy with a great seasoning blend that wasn't overly salted. Quite a nice portion. 
Our server, Blaise, was great! Also for those with food allergies, they have a special allergy menu that was quite in depth.Food was delicious - I had the yogurt & granola and my boyfriend had the two eggs and potatoes. 
The granola was delicious. Not too sweet/surgery and the yogurt was a thick, delicious greek yogurt. Topped with a generous amount of berries. The eggs were good but the potatoes and the lamb sausage were what really stood out. Incredible! 
The manager of the restaurant came up and chatted with us as well. He was super kind and seemed like he really cared about our experience. 
The only downsides about Spice Finch - they had ran out of matzah after the first night of passover (seems like poor planning), and they do not serve the frittata or Shakshuka at Breakfast time (brunch only). This left few choices for anyone following passover tradition. Our waitress was also a little off-putting and seemed to be in a rush. Not very friendly. 
Because of the wonderful food and delightful manager, I would definitely give spice finch another try and recommend it to others.I went to brunch and had to wait close to 10 mins for someone to come by and offer water or drinks even though others sat down after us and were served quickly. The food- pancakes- tasted good but I soon became incredibly sick. I get that every once in a while someone is bound to get sick. I had a bad experience all around.I've been wanting to try Spice Finch and finally got a chance.  I'm not sure what I was expecting but this place was different than I anticipated, in a pleasant way. The place was more spacious than I thought it would be and while modern it was warm and relaxed. Staff was all extremely pleasant, friendly and attentive. 
The food, while labeled Mediterranean, was very unique from other Mediterranean menus I've tasted.  The small plates are pretty generous depending on the size of your party. Plenty of vegan and vegetarian options! We tried several small dishes ... carrot hummus, shishito peppers (very generous portion), croquettes, date truffles (FYI-these are sweet), roasted cauliflower, baked cheese, bean tagine, salted baked eggplant. 
My favorites were the baked cheese (this was very flavorful) , bean tagine (like a stew, great flavor, perfect for a cold day)and salted eggplant (this was so unique and delicious!)
Very good experience and yummy food. Definitely worth a try if you enjoy inventive food and trying new things. Valet parking for the restaurant is available at the hotel right next door for 20.00I'd give it five stars for the food, but the service is intermittent. The service is never bad, per se, but one night you'll get a fun and easy-going server and the next a totalitarian dictator, so that's a thing...
Get the dry rubbed chicken if you want a delicious meal. It's not a huge portion, and lots of people split the whole chicken without issue. If you order it to be delivered it's hit or miss (sometimes too salty for some reason....) but it's always great in the restaurant, itself. 
Spicy chicken kebab is excellent, as is the fish, the dips, the tabbouleh broccoli, the flatbreads, the, the... pretty much everything is excellent here. My particular favorites are the above and the berebere chips, fries, and the baby green salad. 
On to the service, where last time I went the server literally wouldn't let me order what I wanted. My friend got four dips and then I was interested in some of my own, but the server literally said "no, four is enough for you both..." 
Narrator: "it wasn't"
Like, I asked three times to order two dips for myself, and each time he said no. What kind of management is that??
Finally my friend got his plate after a decent amount of time (gets mighty busy with the hotel/bar scene on weekends) and he asked when mine was coming so he didn't feel bad about having his food so much before me. The other server shot him down with a "the food comes when it's ready--this is family style!" She said that three times to him back...
Look, I get that it's family style and that the servers will "curate" (his word, for real) your order. But I equal the customer, and if I want to eat my own dish, let me. If I want to order my own food and not share with my friend, deal with it because I'm paying for my dinner. 
The last thing I want is to go somewhere and get slapped down by the "rules..." 
So if you love great Mediterranean/North African/Middle Eastern food and you don't mind (or enjoy) being ordered around, you'll love Spice Finch!Food is delicious! Kudos for the lamb ribs and shrimp; shishitos yummy. Tortilla a little bland, pita bread delicious. Wine list is cheap and priced expensively - if the restaurant were BYOB, I'd be here every week!Shockingly good chicken- which I never order. Interesting spin on Lebanese food such as the tabuleh, hummus, and other dishes. Very good. Drinks and the array of spread and dips served w flatbread was a very nice start to the meal. The biggest surprise is that thIs restaurant is attached to a hotel, which is normally a deterrent for me. I would certainly return for the chicken alone.I had the pleasure of meeting Jennifer Carroll at the Rittenhouse Spring Festival this year.  She told me about her new restaurant and her menu was right up my alley.  I live closeby and watched it be built.  I.  Could.  Not.  Wait.  I ended up having my birthday gathering there.  I have been here a handful of times now and the food is AMAZING.  And beautiful!  The service has always been wonderful and friendly.  
My favorite dishes (hard to narrow down!):
Baked Cheese (get some extra naan for this!)
Octopus (OMG I would kill for this)
Roasted Cauliflower
Garlic Yogurt
All of the sauces are so unique, delicious and will make you want to roll around in them.  
Weird, small detail... I love their glassware.
Do yourself a favor and go.  Drink, eat and enjoy!One of my favorite restaurants in Philadelphia hands down!! The chili chicken kebab was the best kebabs I've ever had and the lamb ribs were just SPECTACULAR. I usually am not the biggest fan of lamb because of the smell, but it didn't have any smell and it was so smooth. The warm grain salad went very well with the Lamb Ribs as well. My friend said she liked it better than Zahav so that says something!What an amazing experience! The food was perfectly though-out, deliciously prepared, and oh-so tasty! As the dishes came out, we got more and more excited for the ones that were still coming.  Although it's hard to pick a favorite, the stand outs were the croquettes, garlic yogurt, baked cheese, tagine, shrimp, and chicken.  I would easily say that this is one of the best spots in the city. I can't wait to come back.This is by far the best Mediterranean place in town. Everything tasted great and full of flavor. The hummus and baked cheese were very delicious. I also got the chicken kabob and it was so amazing. I loved the sauce comes with it. I'll definitely go back.This. Place. Was. Spectacular! SO can't wait to go back! 
I walk by this place all the time and live just a few blocks away. I've been wanting to come while in Philly for a while because I LOVE Meditteranean food. We came here last night at 7:30 with a party of 6. Pro tip: Yes, this is a great date night spot, but with so many great dishes on the menu, come with a larger group of people so you can share!
We walked in and met some of our party at the bar, which is right there when you walk in the front door. We let our hostess know that everyone had arrived and we were taken back to the second part of the restaurant/dining area and sat right in the middle at a huge round table with a perfect view of the kitchen #winning! 
They have a great selection of creative and traditional cocktails. As much as I love cocktails, I typically stick with a healthier option alcohol wise or wine. I ended up trying the "Rest in Pete's", which had vodka, prosecco, preserved lemon, turmeric, sumac, saffron. It was a nice, delicate balance of sweet and tangy, which I liked, but probably wouldn't order again. 
Our waiter was AMAZING, I wish I could remember his name even though I asked specifically for it right before we left! He was just the right amount of informative, funny, charismatic, well-paced and patient with our undecisive and uber chatty group. We asked what his favorite dishes were, and after going through a long list of the menu (how could you not!?), we decided to basically order everything he suggested. A group of 6, why not? 
Loved that we had a lazy susan in the middle of our table as well, which made it perfect for sharing, nibbling and noshing while we immersed in laughs and great conversation throughout the night. We ordered (*'s next to my favorites):
To start: 
-Shabazi Fries with harissa aioli (described to us as McDonald's fries but a little spicier... yes!)
-Baked cheese with shredded phyllo, ricotta, mozzarella (not my favorite only because I'm not a huge ricotta fan)
***Roasted Cauliflower with coriander cashew butter, pickled onion, herb oil (SO good)
***Octopus Escabeche with zucchini, corn, herb oil (also SO good)
***Chili-Chicken Kebab with swiss chard, sesame yogurt, garlic streusel
***Tahina, Garlic Yogurt, and Muhumara sauces with flatbread 
Second:
-Warm grain salad with couscous, hominy, puffed rice, lemon
*****Whole roasted red snapper with ramp vinaigrette, rice, preserved lemon (heavenly)
******Date Braised Lamb Shank with warm grain salad, roasted vegetables, cucumber (to die)
Dessert (we tried one of everything):
-Burnt Cream (toasted cold cream, rose syrup, fresh berries)... it's like a GOOD version of pannacotta 
*****Shredded Wheat (cashew, walnut, cinnamon, lemon syrup)... OMG these are AMAZING. It's like their version of baklava, but like a piece of shredded wheat
-Chocolate Tahini Cake (buttercream, orange sorbet, orange meringue)
***Sundae (vanilla cardamom gelato, banana, sherry caramel) 
Honestly, I don't think you could go wrong with any of their menu items and I'm looking forward to coming back to try all the things I didn't on this go around. For those of you who don't know, the chef, Jennifer Carroll, is from Top Chef. We asked our waiter to have her come out, which she did, at the end, and took photos with us. She shared what inspired Meditteranean for this restaurant and the backstory which was really cool to hear from her herself. 
FYI, bathrooms are down through the hotel lobby (which after a few drinks can seem a little confusing with their mirrored walls and dark lighting everywhere) and to the left. The women's door is extremely hard to open. 
Thank you Spice Finch, can't wait to come back!Visited here last Thursday during restaurant week. Started with a couple cocktails that were delicious. Highly recommend the redemption #3. Our first course was the baked cheese and the blistered shishito peppers. Both amazing. The peppers were fun because 1/10 of those are hot so it was a gamble on whether or not you were getting spice. The main courses we chose were the whole baked fish and the mergeuz kebab. The fish was served beautifully with rice and a leek vinaigrette. The kebab had amazing flavor and was served with a tomato chutney. The service was great as well. Very happy we picked this place to try!I went on a date to Spice Finch and it was wonderful, It exceded my expectations. For drinks we had the clover club which was foamy and not overly sweet and the frozen special which was also very tasty. The melted cheese starter is out of this world! The lamb shank was so tender.
This is a contemporary restaurant with a trendy vibe, but was cozy with excellent service. We will be back!We loved our experience here and wanted to try it during restaurant week but never got the chance. The venue itself is connected to the Warwick hotel, which is home to a couple other nice restaurants worth checking out as well. The decor was unassuming yet classy and stylish. There was a stellar music selection and the bougie, upscale bar-restaurant ambience set the perfect vibe to enjoy the equally impressive food and drink. Our server was knowledgable about the menu and specials, which is always a plus. We really enjoyed the date-braised lamb which was cooked to perfection, had amazing flavor and was served generously with seasonal vegetables. Though served in measly portions, the trio of dips was really tasty and the pita bread/chip which accompanied were great too! Wish we could've gotten to try more of their menu, it was hard to settle and decide as most of the items sounded tempting, but we had no real complaints with our food. Altogether, a worthwhile spot to try when you want to splurge a little and enjoy sophisticated food in a chic space.Awesome place! Came here with a few friends. Only dropping it down one star since I wasn't a fan of the lamb dishes (sweeter flavor profile) The rest of the dishes were amazing! The entree sizes are very large so id stick to one of those and a few smaller dishes 
What to get:
Chicken kibbeh
Shabazi friess
Dry rubbed Chicken 
Roasted Cauliflower 
Drinks are great too! Cute, lively atmosphereTBH the drinks here are more to my liking than the food. But then again, I went it having heard only the best things. Maybe it was my expectations that took it down a notch for me. I took away a star because it isn't the best food I have had. Regardless, I do recommend Spice finch and am in awe of the tinctures the bartender had on display!Very good food but small portions and overpriced. I ordered a glass app of Sauvingon Blanc not on the menu and (my bad) I didn't ask the price. It was a small portion and I was charged $20 for it!Went recently. We all liked the appetizers better than the main dishes. My husband got the expensive $50 2 lb fish and it was worthless. Maybe 1 lb at the most and the flavor was just okay. A fish that expensive should at least taste amazing. Go to Vernik for a whole fish that is very flavorful and tasty. Don't bother with the fish here AT ALL. 
They have the menu labeled for vegans and also for people with allergies....very convenient. We went early in the evening but sat at the bar until our party arrived. It was a nice large bar and the drinks were nice.Joined my foodie friends for brunch and this restaurant surpasses the hype.  The charred carrot hummus was exquisite. The  Shakshuka  was so flavorful that any omelette pales in comparison. The yogurt with Meyer lemon with the flatbread - I could dip for days. Run!!!!  A must try!!!I ate here a few times when I was staying in the adjacent hotel the Warwick. Everything I ate here was really good. I loved the Shabazi fries and the Peri Peri shrimp. The place is lively and the decor is nice. I just felt that the menu was extremely limited. I would return if I come back to the hotel, but probably not to visit on its own.THIS IS SOME OF THE BEST FOOD IVE EVER EVER HAD
I have absolutely nothing bad to say about this place. If you're looking for a dinner on the nicer side during a visit to philly like we were, this place is a must go to. It has small shareable plates (you'll need to order 2-3 per person we were told, and we agree). That's unless you get the plates at the bottom of the menu which are bigger, but we didn't do that. 
We decided on the muhammara with a side of veggies instead of bread, the cauliflower, the salad with manchego and lemon yogurt dip, and the lamb sausage. Everything was very very good.
The roasted cauliflower with cashew cream to dip in is phenomenal. If I come back to philly again I'd go straight here just for that.
We finished everything off with the tahini chocolate cake and a shot of espresso (which really brought out the chocolate) and it was the best combination I've ever had. Eat a bit of the cake, sip a bit of the espresso, you'll be in heaven. Seriously. 
!!!!!!A lovely addition to Rittenhouse! Don't let the name confuse you, this Mediterranean gem of a restaurant opened up just a few weeks ago and has been praised for its delicacies. So I had to check it out. Made reservations on Wednesday for Friday at 6 pm, only three spots where open! 
We reached around 5:50pm on Friday and were almost seated immediately. You will be surprised at the size of this place, it has a full bar upfront and plenty of high tables, inner section has sofa benches or family tables. It is adjoining the Warwick and share their restrooms. 
Our server was with us shortly and asked us if it was our first time. She was happy to have explained the menus and gave us great suggestions on the drinks. We ordered the organized chaos and rest in Pete's. 
For shareable apps we ordered the yoghurt crisps, chili chicken kebabs and the shabazi fries! 
Oh my god each dish was better than the other, the fries were seasoned so well and the harissa aioli was devour worthy. 
We didn't get any entrees, but I am so looking forward to my next visit! 
Ambience 5/5
Service 5/5 
Food 6/5 
Cost 4.5/5 ( slightly expensive, but hey it's Rittenhouse)Loved the food the service and atmosphere... will be back soon :) think I'll make this my new happy hour spot . Oh Please try the shots made with fresh squeezed sweet potatoes .Went to Spice Finch on a Friday night and was surprised how quickly we were seated based on reviews I've heard. I'll start by saying the service was excellent. Our waiter was friendly, excited, and knowledgeable. We started with two fabulous cocktails, a lemon drop and one of their house cocktails that had turmeric (I don't remember the name). We then moved on to their baked cheese which I am honestly still dreaming about. It was that good. We also had the broccoli tabouleh salad and the lamb ribs. Our waiter recommended adding a side of pita (for the baked cheese) and garlic sauce (for the lamb). The broccoli salad was just ok but the lamb was very good. While the pita and garlic sauce definitely made both the dishes better, I found it slightly annoying that they charged for these extras and were clearly told to push them. The baked cheese would have been hard to eat without the pita. All in all, good food, good service, slightly annoying policy of charging for extras that should be included to begin with.This is going to be a strange review. I have extremely bad feelings about this place, based exclusively on two deliveries. I did not receive one of them!
So first the food: everything was very good and even "special" if one compares it to other middle eastern restos.
But the delivery experience is less than spectacular. Where do I start? So many little annoyances that I have not experienced with any other comparable restaurant. Truthfully the list of irritations is so long I won't enumerate them. Suffice to say I won't be ordering from them again despite the high quality of the vittles. And this is definitely a restaurant issue not a third party delivery issue. One example: I can't order rice? Seriously? Has anyone tried to order for a small child before?
The food was five stars I guess if one could rate Greek food so highly. But wow these people are clueless at least about delivery.Just a delightful restaurant.  Can't wait to go back so we can try other dishes.  Loved our waitress.I'm not sure why Spice Finch seems to be much less mainstream than some of the other giants in that block around Rittenhouse but I assure you, the food and drink at this place is the real deal.
Top Chef's Jen Carroll is cooking up some fantastic mediterranean and North African cuisine at this modern, sleek restaurant tucked away just a block from the main Rittenhouse corridor.
Out of the dishes we ordered, the star of the night was most definitely the lamb ribs. I think my head might have done a 360 spin after taking the first bite. Really. It was spice crusted and slightly crunchy on the outside, and then you're hit with just a richness in flavor from all the herbs on the rack to the umaminess of the meat itself. We also really liked the flatbread which came with the clams, and the cauliflower.
The concept is somewhat like a tapas, family style eating so things are made to be shared. It can be kind of pricey since portions aren't the largest and each dish is $10-25 depending on what you get. The menu is separated into large and small dishes though so you get to somewhat pick what style of dining you want to partake in. 
This place is trendy but is still somewhat of an underrated, slightly lesser known restaurant in comparison to the restaurants on the block but is deserving of more attention. Come check it out, there is tons of seating and, in my experience, getting a reservation was very easy even on a Saturday during prime time.tl;dr great Mediterranean fare that fills a niche in a neighborhood dominated by American cuisine, fair prices for an upscale Rittenhouse hotel-restaurant
This brand-new Mediterranean restaurant opened to rave reviews, but before walking in, I will say that I was not convinced. It's connected with the Warwick Hotel, something I almost considered to be a recipe for disaster -- too often hotel restaurants sacrifice quality food for convenience and atmosphere, all the while charging exorbitant pricing. Well, as much as I hate to admit it, I was wrong.
I walked into an airy, open floorplan, combining the sophistication of white tile with the authenticity of wood ceilings and bar-columns. My partner and I were brought to the corner window and a bright-green tile table. Nothing about the atmosphere felt gaudy, but rather it reminded me of Moroccan architecture. I thought it was a little strange to walk through the Warwick to use the bathroom, but hey, I guess that's what happens at a hotel-restaurant. As we came for an early dinner, the restaurant was only marginally filled, but the end of our meal, I noticed that there was a wait at the door.
Our server was a rockstar: he approached us enthusiastically to help "curate" our meal. We told him about some of the flavors that we were craving, and he pointed us toward some options on the menu. We ended up ordering the Charred Carrot Hummus, the Charred Octopus, the Roasted Cauliflower, the Lamb Ribs, and a side of Garlic Yogurt.
When each dish came out, it was different than I expected. The bright orange hummus was served a variety of fresh vegetables for a nice crunch but really emphasized the carrot. The octopus was served as a salad; it was perfectly cooked, but arguably was upstaged by the roasted squash in the dish. The cauliflower was served whole, just the way I like it. However, make sure to eat it quickly while it still is warm and has its crisp. The Garlic Yogurt was huge for a side sauce, and we enjoyed it with our lamb and a side of flatbread. The real star of the night though was the aforementioned lamb -- it had the BEST sauce, and the meat fell off the bone like butter. To die for! We ended the night with "Shredded Wheat," Spice Finch's take on traditional Middle Eastern pastry. Each bit packed a sweat punch and left my mouth watering for more.
I walked in thinking to compare Spice Finch to Suraya (a hot Lebanese cafe-restaurant in Fishtown). In the same way that Suraya showcases Fishtown, I believe that Spice Finch is the epitome of Rittenhouse: chic, sophisticated, and refined. But unlike some other Rittenhouse restaurants, Spice Finch is undoubtedly worth the price. It's not a matter of if I go back -- it's a matter of when.Huge fan of Spice Finch. Had previously been here several times for cocktails and they are fantastic. Most recently came for the food and it did not disappoint. Our fav was actually the spreads/salads over any of the entrees (specifically the baby green salad is a must order). I've only ever sat at the bar which does get crowded but service is great.Went here for birthday celebration. Been here several times before with glowing results. However, whatever the reasons, it isn't the same.
The food was good but not like pre Covid.
The staff is unprofessional, not knowledgeable of procedures or menu offerings and had to be reminded three times about our birthday celebration. It was even noted on the reservation and confirmed with hostess. The waitress took the cake off the table and then brought it back with a candle in it and not everyone was even at the table when she delivered the lit candle.
Also, we picked a wine and then was informed they were out of it. Why put a bottle on a paper menu or QR code if you don't have it? The waitress substituted another bottle on the bar tenders recommendation and charged us $15. More without even telling us.
Very disappointed and unprofessional for a $235 dinner/per couple. Lots of other great places where that money can be spent!WOW! that's my take away from my first visit to Spice Finch.  
I ended up getting an early reservation on Friday night before a show and this place turned out to be perfect.  I'd expected it to be good but it was way better than good.  The Mediterranean menu had an interesting blend of eastern spices and every single dish we had was perfect.  
The Octopus was perfectly tender and as a dish it was cohesive and wonderful to share.  The Lamb merges  dish was incredible. We also shared a lamb and beef samosa was super delicious. The "for the table" size of the baked eggplant was just right and damn, that dish was just as wonderful.  Everything was spot on.
AND.... get this,,,, the beautiful, elegant, cool atmosphere was not.. I say NOT loud! Once the place filled up it was still easy to talk and hear.  I had been there with some family, including my mother and it was especially enjoyable as a result.  This I think is part of smart design; notice the ceiling is absorbent and smart looking.
Service was impeccable. (sigh).  OK Im exhausted from gushing here.
(did I mention the price over all was really quite reasonable???
OK OK , I'll stop now.
MmmmDelicious! This little gem is in Rittenhouse connected to a cute trendy hotel. I had a lot of fun with the menu here and they had a wine paring for $15 that I very much enjoyed! The food is phenomenal. They really pull you in from the start with the fresh flatbreads and assortment of spreads. Everything was just awesome. I was not crazy about the Peri-Peri Shrimp in part that I had to pull the head off of it (I am weird about those things LOL) and I thought it could use a more garlic. The broccoli tabbouleh salad was AMAZING! You tasted everything single ingredient that was put in there and It was a wonderful marriage of flavors. Next time I go, I would love to try to Shakshuka or the Whole Roasted Fish. I would definitely return back. The restaurant is trendy and the bar is modern. I just really loved this place. Check this place out!Amazing experience with food, polite, friendly staff and exceptional service. We hosted a group of 10 here for our anniversary and the night went great! Couldn't have asked for a better service! Thanks guys :)Very pleasant experience. We ordered flatbreads + spread (the garlic yogurt spread is excellent), baked cheese, chicken kebab, and date braised lamb shank. Our favorite is the chicken kebab. The lamb shank is also flavorful. Highly recommend this restaurant.I went here with a friend for restaurant week. The meal started with sourdough flatbread, crudités, and dips. The garlic And beat dips were great!
For the first course, we ordered the shishitos and the tortilla. The shishitos were great, but I was a bit underwhelmed with the tortilla. It was not what I was expecting from the description since it had more of a casserole consistency and was served room temperature.
We then had the chili-chicken kebab and theshoals hula. The chili-chicken kebab was great! It had great texture from what was sprinkled on top and flavor. The shakshuka was also wonderful and had some unexpected warm spaces. This was also served with the flatbread. This was by far our favorite course.
For dessert we had the date truffles and the  chocolate tahini cake. The date truffles were tiny but good. They had a dill garnish which was surprisingly delicious. The chocolate cake was decent, but I don't generally love chocolate cake. The best part of the dessert was the orange sorbet that came with the cake. We would've ordered that alone! 
Overall, we enjoyed our meal, but would have ordered something instead of the tortilla. We both said that we would be interested in coming back for happy hour and that the restaurant week menu was a great deal considering the regular menu.Unreal.  My husband suggested this place for his birthday brunch (apparently he had been there for a work dinner before).  
I don't even know where to begin there was so much goodness... so the food-stellar.  I should start by saying we went there late afternoon (130/2-ish) late for lunch that is, so brunch since it was Saturday.  That meant we had access to the breakfast/lunch menu.
We had an order of the garlic yogurt dip with flatbread (there are 6 types of dips-and you get your choice of flatbread/crudités/crackers with each dip you order for only $6).  We got a second order it was so good.
We each ordered a signature cocktail-his the one with sumac on it (it's their most popular drink-want to say the name had "Pete" in it), and I had a Hibiscus lemonade with Prosecco in it-amazing, and totally worth it.
We shared the large shakshuka and a small frittata-for two people with the flatbread app, it was PLENTY of food, and we had to bring some home (just for perspective).  
Even the service was great-accommodating, engaged without hovering, and we never had to wait long.
Do yourself a favor if you're headed to Philly (and especially if you live there)-make your way to Spice Finch-you'll be so glad you did!Went for rw lunch. Waiters were phenomenal and made accommodations for gluten free friend. Service was fast and great. 
First off I got the crisps, shared the flat bread and crudités with friends also. We tried all the sauces and they were all great- the flatbread was the best  but the vegetables were also nice and crispy with a slight sweet tinge. Garlic yogurt was a hit. 
The chili chicken flatbread was fantastIc. Perfectly seasoned and very filling without being overwhelming, although the fries kind of disappointed. 
Chocolate tahini cake was pretty dry and not worth, the cream on top was good but the cake itself was bad. 
Overall, service and atmosphere was a highlight and some dishes really stood out while some left a lot to be desired. I'd give it a 4.5 but I'll round up for great service.Wow, just wow.
I brought a group to stay at the Warwick Hotel at Rittenhouse Square last week, and as part of our stay, we got vouchers for free breakfasts at Spice Finch restaurant in the hotel's lobby.  Hotel restaurants are usually standard fare and nothing interesting but not in this case.  Spice Finch blew us away!  The breakfasts were fantastic (though they really do need another waitperson in the morning.  Service is friendly but sloooow).  We couldn't get enough of the avocado toast in particular!  
Breakfast was so good that we all went for dinner - some of us twice!  Most of the dishes are based on those familiar to anyone who eats Middle Eastern foods, like stuffed grape leaves (dolmas), shakshuka, and more; but, their preparation and flavors were completely unique.  Dolmas, were stuffed with farro, which has a nuttier taste and denser texture than the traditional rice filling. They were served with labne flavored with lemon zest, and a dab of apricot preserves. I can't imagine eating standard dolmas ever again! I am still trying to figure out the herbs the chef added to the shakshuka.  It was amazing!  One night we shared chicken prepared with a dry rub, salt roasted eggplant, and roasted cauliflower with tahini.  Each plate included a dab of one or another herb-based sauces - those "something extras" gave every dish a special flavor punch. All were familiar yet each was done in a totally different and original way. We ate past fullness, simply because we could not resist the flavors of the dishes.     
The restaurant is nice but not expensive or fancy, yet the food is unforgettable.  I hope the chefs come out with a cookbook.  If not, I'll have to start plotting my return to Philadelphia just so I can eat at Spice Finch again!This place is incredible! Been here twice and both times I have had excellent service and awesome Mediterranean, Middle Eastern food. 
I went with a very large party the second time and was able to try almost all of the menu which was awesome. Highlights include: all of the sauces (in particular the lemon yogurt and garlic yogurt are must haves), roasted cauliflower, carrots, grape leaves, peri peri shrimp, lamb ribs, lamb kabobs. 
I would highly suggest going with larger groups however - this is food that is meant to be shared and enjoyed. If you're looking for a quick traditional meal, then perhaps save Spice Finch for when you are looking to have a longer meal with company.If you're vegetarian this place is just ehh. The baked cheese which we heard was really good was just sub par.This place is so good!! It was my first time in Philly and I was only there for two nights. After going for dinner the first night there, I just HAD to go back so we went for brunch two days later. I can definitely be a bit tough on restaurants so the fact that I went twice in two days speaks volumes. It's an absolute must try! The flat bread is out of this world!!!I could have not been any more excited to visit this top chef restaurant.  Jenn Carroll definitely did not disappoint.  The cocktails were beyond incredible!  I loved the rest in Pete's and the caps spartel, they should not be missed!! There was a lot of love put into those drinks.
I would go back in a second for the cauliflower, peri peri shrimp, baked cheese, samosa, spiced nuts, shishito peppers, and lamb.  Each was super tasty and flavorful!  All delicious and you will want to lick the plates!
The only issue we had was with the speed of food hitting the table.  Highly recommend discussing this with your waiter/waitress.  We spent a fortune last night and I do not like getting all my plates in two courses.  We sent the lamb back because there literally wasn't room on the table.  Definitely disappointed in this for such an amazing restaurant.    But would totally go back!Swanky Mediterranean restaurant that offers restaurant week in center city. Came in with a group of 7 and felt happy with our meal - would come back for restaurant week again!
Atmosphere: Generally quite dim for dinner - the tables are well spaced from each other, so it doesn't feel too loud. When we came in (around 7:30pm), the music was very "clubby" - a mix of EDM and pop, but was not too loud. Great for a nice dinner date, or with a small-medium group of friends
Call-out on Service: One of the highlights of the night was the service. Our server Seth was super attentive and friendly - he overhead my group talking about ordering 3 whole roasted fish off the restaurant week menu, and intentionally came over, before he even got our table's orders, to ask if he should hold the fish for our table. So thoughtful! And so deeply appreciated! A++ for the service here.
Restaurant Week Food Favorites: Started off with tehina, a beet sauce, and pita / vegetables - pita was very fluffy and paired well with the sauces. Out of the appetizers, I surprisingly liked the salad the most - the dressing was incredible, and almost had a hint of bacon / a smoky taste. For entrees, I recommend the whole roasted fish (tilapia) for the best value, though I wish they seasoned it better - some parts tasted very lemon-y / sour, whereas some parts were too mild. I loved the garlic sauce they included on the rice, but there wasn't enough for the entire fish. I will say - the fish was cooked very well, and had a good crispy edge to it
Restaurant Week Food Dislikes: I was misled by the name of the tortilla - it's not your traditional tortilla, and tasted more like a quiche to me. I also do not recommend the giant shrimps - the flavoring was off / a bit too strong. The sauce just tasted of strong shrimp - not a big fan.
Overall: 4/5 - I would come back, but only for restaurant week. Otherwise, the menu items seem a bit pricey, especially considering the fact that some are not seasoned well. However, I would recommend this as a good restaurant week deal.We've been eyeing the menu of Spice Finch for a few months now, and finally got the chance to try for last week's date night for dinner. 
Based on our experience, I would say that for a larger group it would be nice to get a bunch of dishes and share everything family style. For a couple or smaller groups I would recommend a la carte or the tasting menu. We opted to go a la carte because one of the main dishes for the tasting menu is their lamb, and we don't eat red meat. They can accommodate the dietary restrictions - but we welt like the price point wasn't worth it if we weren't getting the "main meat" attraction. 
We went all out and ordered the 2 flatbreads + 4 spreads. Their homemade flatbread is excellent - such a great texture. The berbere crisps are a nice contrast to the chewy, soft flatbread. My favorite spreads were the beet borani and the lemon yogurt which I believe was labne, if not - very similar. 
We started off with the baked cheese which I can highly recommend. The rich and savory cheese was well contrasted with the texture of the shredded phyllo - and the acidity of the tomatoes was a welcomed bright note. 
We also ordered teh Clini-Chicken Kebab which was very juicy and tender. Another well balanced dish with the swiss chard. 
Lastly we also ordered the Shakshuka and the mushroom pasta. We were a bit too full to fully enjoy the Shakshuka but it was very good, and you scoop up the goodness with more homemade flatbread. The mushroom pasta was very good, but disappointing because all the noodles were stuck together and when you bit in the middle - it tasted floury almost like when it's just barely undercooked /al dente. I took a picture so you can see what I mean. it was very good otherwise, loved the flavors of the sauce - however we didn't finish the dish because the texture/dryness of the stuck-together pasta was unpleasant to eat. 
Service was great, our server was friendly and personable and explained their tasting menu options very well. 
Between 2 people I would say you probably only need 4 dishes, the 5th is what tipped us over. 5 dishes, 4 beers tax and tip came to about $145. Overall I would say that Spice Finch is worth a visit!Vibes: cool, casual but sophisticated; can be intimate and romantic but also group-friendly 
Tasting notes:
-Grape leaves: as an appetizer, light, refreshing, but has substance, just a touch sweet; farro is chewy but not too firm
-Muhumara dip: sweet, fragrant from the dill; loved the added crunch from the walnut; flatbread was fluffy, not too dense or thick 
-Peri-Peri Shrimp: comes with flatbread for picking up the soupy, deeply lemon-y sauce; shrimp served whole but head comes off very easily; meat is springy and flavorful 
-Roasted Cauliflower: tender bite, stem is fairly firm; cashew butter adds a unique taste and creaminess especially with the fragrant herb oil 
-Date-Braised Lamb Shank: meat falls off the bone with the lightest fork pull; sauce is fairly salty, recommend mixing it with the accompanying grain salad, which is fluffy with delightful crunchy rice puffs interspersed; loved the roasted, flavorful vegetables; a substantial dish to share among 2-3 people
Other notes:
-Absolutely loved the beautiful glassware and plates
-This set of dishes was satisfying for 3 people
-Besides the lamb shank, the other dishes were appetizer-sizedI really liked the food here. My only complaint was the cost vs the size of the fish I ordered. I ordered the sea bass and what came looked like a small perch. It was $58 for the fish which was listed at *market price* so I knew it would be expensive but I didn't expect the fish to be so small. I was sharing it with a friend and it was barely enough for both of us. Truth be told, it wasn't, but we made it work. 
The tabbouleh was lovely. The fig appetizer was interesting. My friend pointed out that they sort of tasted like fig newtons. Haha, which I suppose they did. The flatbread was the standout of the meal. 
I would go here again because the food was delicious but it will have to be a treat because it's expensive.I'm very mixed about my review for Spice Finch.  The service was FANTASTIC!  Richard was so attentive and patient.  He answered all of our questions, and when we didn't quite like a dish or wine, he quickly replaced it for us.  It was a great dining experience because of Richard and he is the reason that I gave this place 4 stars.
The food is where I am a bit mixed.  It was good, but it wasn't quite as good as I expected.
The good: Baked Cheese: just get it.  Sweet, savory, sour and delicious cheesiness.  Roasted Cauliflower: Also good.  It would have been even better fried!  Baked Samosa: a bit heavier but really savory and the pickles really complement the heavy/buttery dough.  Peri Peri Shrimp: really amazing seafood flavor and the shrimp itself is very fresh and delicious.  They slightly overcooked the shrimp but the flavor was still great.  
The bad: Charred Octopus: I was so looking forward to this dish and it was overpowered by paprika and there was no char on the octopus, in fact, it was a bit soft/rubbery.  Crab Spring Dish: It was the seasonal dish and the soft shell crab was done well, but the taste overall just didn't work for me.
We also got the Burnt Cream for dessert and I am a little mixed.  I love the rose syrup, it was so light and fragrant.  And cream was good, but a bit saltier than I would want and the cream wasn't as creamy as a panna cotta would be.The servers are all knowledgeable and attentive without being to intrusive. The atmosphere is intimate and welcoming. Chef Jen Carroll simply does not missThe only reason I did not give it five stars is because the service was very slow. We went on a Friday evening and while it was crowded not every table was taken. I often wonder why restaurants who serve such great food skimp on their waitstaff.  The best dish we had was the egg plant and the stuffed dates. We also had broccoli Tabuleh  which was just so so. All of the dishes are very interesting and their descriptions will make you want to try everything.Stopped here for breakfast after a night out in Philly (pre covid). This place was so cute and the staff was attentive. The yogurt parfait was delicious and I really enjoyed the orange pancakes.super excited that the opening of spice finch coincided with my trip back up to philly so i dragged bae to dinner with me to try this new restaurant.
first of all, for all of those that are wondering, spice finch IS actually a type of bird (google it). its mad cute and is also the cute logo on their menus. 
took everyone's yelp suggestions into consideration and ordered the following:
SHABAZI FRIES: really delicious. at first glance, they look like dressed up mcds fries, but tastes better than mcd fries (and trust me, i love me some mcd fries though). LOVE it with the aioli, although i do wish it also came with some ketchup. (i am a scientist after all: for standard comparison with all other fries across the world)
DRY ROASTED CHICKEN: this is a whole chicken. i repeat, this is a whole chicken (even though it may look like a 1/2 chicken). we shared this between the 2 of us and couldn't finish it. but i eat very little. if you wanted to get this, i would suggest this plus an app plus a small plate. the things that really stood out on this dish were the vegetables accompiaments and the amazing heat sauce underneath the chicken. to die for! 
FROZEN COCKTAIL CORPSE REVIVER #2: interesting flavor. definitely packs in a punch though. im a light weight and was definitely feeling it after 1/4 of the cup. melts quick, so if you dont like your drinks melty drink fast! 
service / details wise, it was fine for a new establishment. i'm sure it will improve over the weeks to come as everyone gets more accustomed to the space and place.  and along with other recs, the portions are quite smaller than expected (hence why a normal couple will probably have to order more food than we did) and prices can get up there if you don't keep an eye out on what you're ordering.
one annoying thing about the place is that there isnt a restroom inside the restaurant space. since it's connected to the hotel next door, you have to walk out the side door into the hotel lobby, cross the lobby to go to the hotel lobby restroom. not the biggest deal, but is kinda different. 
overall: good food, great tastes (loved the spices). not mind blowing though, and gonna let the growing pains work themselves out before coming back with friends to try some more food!I went here for brunch a couple weeks ago. Was underwhelmed by the portion of the dipping sauces. The place was also completely empty. If I had to guess, they won't be open beyond a year. Which is unfortunate since it's a beautiful place, and great location. The food was meh.Like the last time I ate at Spice Finch, I stopped in for a late dinner after a long day of travel. Thankfully the similarities with my last visit end there - this time, the food and service were markedly improved.
The egg and potato tortilla ($9) was as silky, light, and delicious as remembered. The samosa was a shocking $15, but when it arrived at the table - a round, well-stuffed behemoth of a pastry easily split by a party of 3-4 and served with a delicious curry yogurt, we felt the price was justified. It really filled us up to the point that we were glad we'd gotten the half-order of the chicken ($26) instead of the whole; the chicken was moist and intensely flavorful, rubbed with spices blended so seamlessly, we could not even begin to figure them all out.
We ended the meal with the chocolate tahini cake ($9), a decadent slice topped with sweet-savory tahini cream and served with a refreshingly tart blood orange sorbet.
Our server (unfortunately didn't catch his name) was friendly and enthusiastic about the menu, and our food came out at a good pace. Considering that Spice Finch is a hotel restaurant, I find the prices reasonable, and it seems like the kitchen and front of the house have found their rhythm - with intensely delicious results.I had dinner at Spice Finch on a weekday. I've walked by it several times over several years, and finally decided to give it a try. It has an unassuming exterior, but the food is delectable. The atmosphere is great for family gathering, meeting friends/colleagues, and even dates. Being a little indecisive, I had the trio of spreads to start, which included a green hummus, garlic yogurt, and tahina with berbere crips and crudités. I loved the play of flavors, and it was fun pairing the crudités with the spreads (at one point, I thought a certain pairing tasted like peanut butter). Then I had the chili chicken kebab which was marinated well and was so juicy and tender despite being white meat. While I was there, I heard several tables ordering the lamb shank and dry rubbed chicken, so perhaps I will try those next time.Terrific dinner at Spice Finch! Great decor, service, and location. Our group particularly loved the Fattoush (cucumber, green bean, tomato vinaigrette), the Stuffed Grape Leaves (farro, fennel, apricot, lemon yogurt), Shabazi Fries (harissa aioli), the Bean Tangine (swiss chard, pickles, harissa, tomato), and the Charred Carrot Hummus (navy beans, crudite, sourdough flatbread). Will definitely return.Spice Finch exceeded expectations in both the quality of food  and service. Creative Mediterranean fusion cuisine with fresh ingredients expertly prepared. The menu can be a little overwhelming as most dishes have multiple combinations of spices, but our server, Cona, did a great job of explaining the flavors, and making recommendations based on what we were looking for. The Peri-Peri Shrimp, and braised lamb shank were as solid as anything I had recently. Both were perfectly cooked with highly nuanced flavors and spices. The "shredded wheat" dessert is something to save room for. The bar is solid with good craft cocktails and the wine list is definitely matched well to the menu, even by the glass. Highly recommended!!We went to celebrate my boyfriends new job but unfortunately one of the worst experiences I've ever had at a restaurant. We waited 2 hours for our food to come out and it was not worth the wait :( the kabobs were over-cooked and cold. They didn't even comp our check when we complained. Will not be returning.Amazing place. Wish I could go here anytime. Lovely atmosphere, beautiful decor, really bumping, and the food was unlike anything I've ever had before. Reminded me of vedge with the multiple share plates and amazing use of vegetables. I had a great birthday dinner here!Had a friend coming to town for the weekend. I made some reservations on open table for a Saturday at 12 as there was outdoor seating (during these COVID times).
I got there at 12 on the dot but I think this may be opening time since staff was still hustling and bustling about getting things set up and I was asked to wait an additional 10 minutes before being seated. 
The tables outside were tiny so keeping all the plates and drinks on the table (along with any purses or phones) was going to be a challenge...but it was also adorable and bright green.
On the menu, the hibiscus lemonade had 2 prices listed, we assumed one was for a glass and other was for a pitcher...turns out it means the price of a non-alcoholic drink and one with added vodka. I had the non-alcoholic version, tasty but very TART. Refreshing, which was what I needed because by this time, the sun was uncomfortably beating down on us...please make sure you wear your sunblock because all the outdoor tables were fully exposed to the midday sun. Not just eggs were being fried. 
I ordered the pancakes which turned out to be wonderfully fluffy and filling (I should have asked them to hold the granola on top which was just soggy and unappetizing sitting in the whipped cream). My brunch partner got the lamb sausage on the advice of the waiter and that was an excellent decision...juicy and perfect. 
We had the baked cheese (which came with LOTS of tomatoes) starter in addition to our entrees so no room for dessert. 
By the way: the restroom is in the hotel that's attached. To use it, you'll have to go to the front desk in the hotel for a key card.The food here is healthy, flavorful, colorful, and absolutely delicious and reasonably priced! Just just discovered it this weekend and I have lived in Philly for 7 years.I was hesitant to come here because I thought the name of the place was silly. The food here made for the best meal I have eaten in Philly. 
We started with the Shabazi fries with harissa aioli which were very good. The fries were seasoned deliciously and they looked so beautiful. 
The carrot hummus was a hit. The combination of the plating, the array of fresh vegetables, and the creamy hummus blew me away. 
The roasted cauliflower was beautifully made and tasted spectacular. 
I have never had a merguez kebab until tonight. It is a lamb sausage and it is expertly prepared. 
The baked samosa was stuffed with curried lamb and beef. It was the best curry pastry I have ever laid eyes on. 
The dessert sundae was very good. I will be on the lookout for vanilla cardamom ice cream at the grocery store in the future. Or I will have to figure out a way to incorporate cardamom into vanilla ice cream. 
I will certainly be back for more in the future.So overall the food was very good. And i was very excited to dine here
Yogurt dip: 9.5/10 the chips were delicious 
Lamb ribs: 9.5/10
Octopus: 7/10
Shrimp: 9/10
Carrots: i didn't love but also wasn't terrible. 7.5
Special pork dish: 9/10 (juicy, nice flavors, big portion, delicious)
Burnt cream: 8/10
However, many problems with the kitchen. Took forever to get drinks. I'm a big drinker and this was a major disappointment. Also, we got 2 of our apps before our first drink which is a big no no for me. 
Never received our 2nd dessert (the Sundae) very disappointed as this was a birthday. 
Spent $250 on two people and just wished for a bit more attention to detail. 
Also see picture attached, my view was of a alley way. 
Food 8.5/10
Overall experience (considering how much was spent) 6/10I'm shook. I've heard so many good things about Spice Finch and there are mostly rave reviews on this page, but I had anything BUT that experience here. I don't throw out 1-star reviews often - I have to be truly peeved to hit the "Eek! Methinks not." button on Yelp, but here we are.
The service was so whack. We waited 20 minutes for a simple glass of wine - did they have to go to the vineyard themselves to get the grapes, then wait for them to ferment??? IDK, you tell me!!! Our waiter barely checked on us AT ALL.  When we were ordering he told us all of our plates would come out at the same time, they didn't - when we asked where our second dishes were he said he was waiting for us to finish our current dishes??? Hello, am I in the twilight zone??? Was it your evil twin who spoke to us previously?
Everyone was just straight up rude.  No one asked how our meal was, the answer would have been - fine? Not great? After our meal, it was another waiting game for our check? No one in sight.
Get. It. Together. I won't be back and do NOT recommend. A truly terrible experience.Decided to pick this place for a date one night. The staff were extremely attentive and made sure we were well taken care of. Overall a really positive experience and the food was absolutely fantastic definitely will be revisiting this place again in the future. We especially loved the tuna!Yummy!!! Love the vibe and food. Very unique dishes and love the Mediterranean flavors. Also a beautiful place.Unbelievable experience quite possibly our favourite restaurtant in the Philadelphia region. Exceptional service from the hostess, bartender, waiter, and food runners. Drinks were unique and fantastic. Food was super flavourful and provided a culinary treat. Parents are vegetarian and they loved the place as well.  Would recommend it to everyone, their menu would appeal to the masses.Stopped in for drinks mostly. Pretty layout. Everyone was very friendly even servers not serving me. Frozen jungle bird was good. Pretty presentation. Same with the clover club. 
I think the cocktail menu could have more additions to it or find its strength and build on it. I appreciate bringing back old classic drinks but I think thematically it would have been good to have cocktails that play with the Mediterranean theme that the food is built on. Cocktails with tea infusions or raki or something. 
I got the dates appetizer, it was good just very small portion for its price in my opinion. 
I'll probably be back. I hope for a more expansive cocktail menuI wanted to love this place, big fan of top chef so Jen carrol owning it added an extra allure. The chili chicken kebab was excellent, as were the shabazi fries.  The broccoli tabbouleh and dry rubbed chicken were pretty good and unfortunately the positives end there. Woof that shrimp dish was horrendous! I forget what else we got, I may have been highReally wonderful food. Great for sharing. It is on the expensive end, but worth it! The flatbread is really great. My party really enjoyed the lamb ribs. I also recommend the fries!Pleasantly surprised by this find. We stopped in as we checked into our hotel for a quick bite. I always get worried when portion sizes seem small but I will say this, the quality of the food was probably one of the best I have ever had and surprisingly portion sizes were filling. The bartenders were also great! They were knowledgeable and made amazing cocktails.There were more memorable items than not while eating at Spice Finch and as the rating suggests, I would come here again. We had 4 people total, so the food options were plentiful. 
The dishes that I'm still thinking about the day after: Charred Octopus, Baked Cheese, Lamb Ribs and Cauliflower I could eat those 4 items daily if it was gonna run me major $$ or be a minor health hazard.
The dishes that did not spark the same level of zeal: Chili Chicken Kebab, Shishito Peppers, Little Neck Clams, and an item that we ordered, never received--Bean Targine.Wow! Incredible food, exceptional service, and beautiful ambience. Our server was so friendly and I can't say enough about the food. We had the hummus, baked cheese, croquettes, and a few other dishes. All amazing! Thanks Nothing on the menu is bad. We had the lamb shank and it was fall off the bone tender. Dessert was also the best sundae I have ever had!Honestly I was skeptic as I entered, I wanted to go elsewhere however I was too tired after checking in that I just decided to go to this restaurant that is connected to the hotel I'm staying at. Usually hotel restaurants are just ok in my eyes and overpriced. This one is Mediterranean food and this was even scarier for me as I'm originally from the Middle East and have high standards to Mediterranean food! Let me tell you this place took my breath away! It was SO SOOOO GOOD! 
Service: phenomenal!! The bartender was nice although she was swamped, when I asked for food she called another person in the bar (who Im so sorry I forgot your name but you were my favorite) he just knew the menu so well, you could see he loves the menu which is a great sign for good food! 
By the end of dinner the manager Nate stoped by, gave me my desert packed to go, presented himself in such a nice way and took my payment. I was so tired after a long travel day that this was exactly the service I needed! Informative, quick, friendly, and overall just perfect. 
Food: I decided to take the Shakshuka plate and could just hope it'll be any good, or at least close to the shakshuke I make at home - oh OH, it was AMAZING! The eggplant in it was delicious and not overwhelming, the peppers were crisp and it was well seasoned! The eggs were perfectly cooked, and the flat bread was soft yet crunchy on the top. 
For desert I took the tahini brownie, it was delicious! Warm brownie, so soft in the inside yet crunchy outside. Perfect balance of tahini and delicious ice cream on top with halva to top. 
The couple sitting next to me on the bar couldn't stop talking about their food and how each bite they had (they tried about 6 different small plates) was so so good! I believe them and I will have to be back to try more! 
Well done well done‍I admit it... I kinda hate places like this.
Small plates and big prices. Empty stomachs and emptier wallets. Foods you've never heard of. Menus that might require a college-level survey course to interpret...
But this one I liked. Because I left full, and for like $53 after tax and tip per person. That's actually a really nice price for a really upscale restaurant on a Saturday night in a major US city.
So a big "Bravo" to Spice Finch for amusing the palette as well as the wallet of this not-particularly-refined diner... who would probably be just as happy wolfing down an $8 bowl of Pho or a pair of $3 snappy hot dogs. I really enjoyed my meal, and my time with friends here.
The waiter, and I feel terrible for forgetting his name, was really great. I know he's originally from Colchester, CT if that helps! Slender gentleman, average height, shaved bald, appeared to be late 20's-early 30's. Knows his menu and how to have fun interactions with his customers. Anyway, he SHOULD be thanked by name, even if I can't name him.
Lovely Mediterranean restaurant, simple as that.I have come to spice finch two times and had excellent service + food both times.
My second time around was for my birthday and we had the honor to sit at the round chefs table. There was 10 of us total so we fit the space perfectly. 
Our servers were great about checking on us and giving us proper recommendations for our group. This place is ideal if you like family style to maximize the experience. 
We had the following:
muhumara (very tasty) + lemon yogurt (mild)
Roasted cauliflower
Broccoli tabbouleh
Chili-chicken kebab - very delicious
Merguez kebab - second favorite
Shabazi fries - addiciting
Baked samosa - well spiced
Whole roasted fish (bass)
Shakshuka
Lamb shank - melt-off-the-bone good
Salt baked eggplant
The vibes are classy, veering on the modern contemporary style (think wood, glass, circular lights & mirrors), that feel trendy but cozy.
The staff here are very friendly and approachable, which makes the family style dining all the more better.We were so excited to try Jen Carroll's new restaurant and did not let us down.  First, I want to comment on our server Nick. He was absolutely wonderful.  He provided us with the perfect recommendations and just the right amount of food.  Everything was delicious.  I highly recommend leaving room for sundae at end and was so good!!I came to Spice Finch for Restaurant Week and had a pleasant experience. 
The drinks we ordered were great, and the cucumber gin was a standout. 
The first course was flatbread and spreads for the table to share. These were all delicious, but I particularly liked the garlic yogurt and beet dip. We ordered two servings of the blistered shishito peppers and a bowl of the broccoli tabbouleh (both were delicious) and I was lucky enough to avoid the super spicy pepper.
For our main dishes, my companions both ordered the whole roasted fish, which they seemed to enjoy. The special that night was black bass. I ordered the peri peri shrimp, which were tasty, but I think I would like to opt for something different next time.
I was slightly underwhelmed by the dessert, date truffles, but that might just be my preference for more savory options. 
Overall, it was a nice experience and I am happy to cross this place off my list, but I am not sure if I would rush back for another try unless it was restaurant week again.