Amazing food, great service, come here!!! I had the Spice End Platter. It was really delicious. Parth and Joel helped us pick the perfect dish for us and it was truly delicious. We also had some delicious Indian sodas. Come here, you won't regret it. Akshay, the chef, also came and spoke to us after our meal and was very nice and thankful. This made my day!Great food. Went there Saturday night around  1 am (Glad they are open late night!!). Had their Spice end platter which was their special with their mango lassi which was awesome. HIGHLY recommendedWish there was an option for negative rating!!! Ordered home delivery 2.5 hours back - still waiting ... The restaurant is literally 5 mins walking from my place but they can't deliver .., have been waiting on the street for last 40 mins with the driver bullshitting me that he is around and can't find parking... He is basically not in the area anywhere near and is just fooling around!!!
Ana finally when the food came - it tasted like shit. Worst Kathi roll (bad chicken in it) and worst vada pav (extremely hard) that I ever had in life!!
Never ordering from this place again!Beef tikka rolls are tasty and a great deal for 2 for $11 dollars. Their paneer is top shelf.I was looking for Indian take out spots that was open late and I came across SpiceEnd and decided to give it a try. I got the Chicken Biryinai platter it was pretty good but very spicy. The curried chicken was my favorite part, but the rice alone seemed a little dry to me. I should have read more reviews because I completely missed the hint about the white sauce and it was needed. Next time I go i'll make sure I get sauce for the rice.Excellent food at a great price, quick service, awesome hours (especially late at night), and the only place by Rittenhouse Square offering mango lassis.  Easily my favorite restaurant in the Rittenhouse area!I have always liked spice end kathi rolls and used to regularly order from them but recently their quality has been deteriorating. Yesterday a bunch of us ordered a few kathi rolls for delivery as this was the only place open until a couple of hours past midnight. I had the usual Achari Paneer roll and Vada Pav but both of them were cold and soggy by the time they reached us. I also started getting a weird stomach ache immediately after eating it and waiting long enough to finally write this review. Two stars off for the quality and whatever it was that made my stomach hurt.I'm going to break my rating rules for this place, they do everything right and consistently make good food. Been here at least thirty times and ordered delivery too. Consistency is hard to find but these guys are at the upper end of the spectrum.  
It's shack type spot, and mixes up traditional to-go Indian food with contemporary American service, customer appreciation, music and everything else. 
I don't like everything they have to offer but you really can't go wrong with the chicken tikka rolls and other basics like the veggie rolls or paneer rolls. 
The real winner here though is the mango lassi. Seriously they're not hard to make but everyone in the world makes them different and I hate the overly thin or not sweet kind. Spice End always gets the thickness and sugar level right where it should be. Extra props for the lassi. 
You might not like Indian food or shacks or whatever else is so awesome about this place but no one can argue with the fact that they've been around for a long time, are here to stay, and are definitely worth working into your Philly food rotations for the consistency and flavors alone. 
Tell them The Rizness sent you. (They won't know what that means, I literally just made it up.)Honestly this is the worst thing I've ever ordered. I'm not sure where they got their ideas of egg rolls or lamb kebabs, but they look nothing like what they should, and taste absolutely awful. The delivery guy was very high, and the only reason this is one star instead of zero.
I had to add to this. It's literally inedible. There goes $24 and my stomach lining.Stopped in for dinner tonight to check it out as it was recommended by an Indian friend of mine. He was right! The food is amazing. We both had the Chicken Tikka Roll which was amazing, and she had the Achari Paneer roll which I highly recommend too.  The sauce in the red bottle is spicy hot!! Four rolls left us stuffed!
Welcome to the neighborhood!!!I've been to NY location but this one just hit the spot. Very clean environment and awesome delicious food. I wish I lived here.A Solid Four Star Experience.  Kati Rolls, fresh ingredients wrapped in a thick pancake-like tortilla,  one I ordered was quite spicy, the other more mild.  maybe want to confirm the spice level when ordering--delicious, made with love.  the raita (white sauce) was one of the best I've had, you dispense it yourself from the condiment area.  hot sauce was super hot.  Friends had platters, which were lots of vegetables w. rice, also quite spicy.  I'll be back often, it's just the kind of reasonably priced ethnic fast food that Philly needs more of.  Friends concurred.I ordered delivery from here.. both platters were highly disappointing. The flavor was decent but there was way too much lettuce (roughly half) and the rest was rice. There was very little chicken. The pictures of the platters posted on their yelp look like there is a good amount of meat but the ones I ordered were REALLY skimpy. Also, the pictures show that they all come in a tin foil dish but mine were delivered in a small white container similar to Chinese takeout.. seemed way smaller than the foil dish. I'm not sure if they were just having an off day or if they changed their portions recently but It was way overpriced for what you get. I've had far better halal platter food for $6.. pass.I've eaten here multiple times and enjoyed each experience. The menu is cleanly laid out and I've had the Chicken Biryani and Chicken-N-Rice Platter multiple times. The white sauce tastes delicious and the hot sauce isn't bad either. It's not as spicy as Halal Guys but it does its job. The sauces are on the side and you can fill a bunch while you wait for the food. Seems like they make the food right when you order it, so there is some wait. The price is very fair for what you get so that makes me happy knowing I got full and didn't spend a ridiculous amount of money. I would definitely come here again and I recommend you guys give it a try.
TL;DR: Gets you full at a fair price, tastes delicious, made fresh so there is some wait, opens lateEasily the best thing that has happened to Philly...  I had the aloo roll and achari paneer roll and both were awesome! Cannot think of a better way end a Saturday night.If you have indian taste buds, it's not good food. Overpriced, poor quality, taste like not authentic Indian food.Best quick Indian meal in center city. The Kati Roll and rice combo for lunch is one of the best lunch deals in Philly. Strongly recommended!After three years of ordering food online from this restaurant, one day when Eat24 messed up the order time to next day, and I called the restaurant the next morning, I was asked to get in touch with Eat24 to address the snafu.
Sorry, I do not have that kind of time. As a business, you are expected to help your customer out. Sad I will not be ordering from you again, you should take more initiative in the future. 
I have no complaints about the food, it is quite good.Came here at 1:30 on a Friday (they're open until 3). Fast service, even better food. Went with the Paneer Tikka roll and Lamb Kabob roll - excellent! Tastes just as good as the original Kati roll in NYC. Make sure you grab some white sauce and hot sauce on the side. Will definitely come here againIf you travel to Philly and want something different that a cheese steak, this is a decent alternative for the price.  I had the vada pav (approx $6) which are flattened potatoes on a role and a fried garlic chutney sauce and a chicken platter ($9).  Don't let the name misguide you, there isn't much heat to the spice but very flavorful indeed.Stopped here randomly for a quick bite before a show at the Unitarian Universalist church. Loved the Spice End bowl with chicken. I am a bit of a lightweight when it comes to eating spicy foods, but this was hellfire spicy! But so good. Inexpensive and fast, too. Get 2 drinks, and enjoy!!!I go here all the time for their kathi rolls but also their other dishes. Their paneer, Chana, and aloo kathi rolls are my favorite. I also enjoy their pav bhaji! Their service is very fast and their red and white sauces are very tasty. I'll definitely go back again.I don't want you to get the wrong idea that I somehow hate onions, or that I'm overly concerned about having onion breath. I'll exhale over-enunciated words starting with the letter, "H," in peoples' faces all day with my rank hot onion breath. I don't care! That being said, I think that Spice End could stand to calm down with the mass amount of red onions in their kati rolls. That's me only slight gripe. So I ask for mine wit out. Do that if you actually do have an aversion.
I'm all about Kati roll delivery in the night. I like the Aloo paneer roll and the kinda pickle-y Achari Paneer . Sometimes I go with the kinda pickle-y Achari Chicken. Whatever roll you pick with be a nice warm crispy-while-still-soft-and-chewy paratha filled with your choice of vegetables, fresh cheese, and meat, which is then wrapped up like a little baby burrito. If you order your rolls extra spicy, you will be hooked up with extra little plastic containers of red chile sauce. It's not super hot, but I like extree.
Spice End is open late. More love for that. They're open til Midnight Sunday through Thursday and open til 3 AM Friday and Saturday. That's wonderful, I tell you. 
Buy any two rolls and get $1 off coupon on Grubhub.
Works for me as, "A bird never flew with one wing," like my classy father always likes to say.Chicken over rice w/ white sauce was legit. My GF had the Falafel over rice and it was terrible... It was definitely nuked in the microwave. It was soft and had no crunch or freshness to it. Tip for business - Throw away old food instead of heating it up in the microwave for your next customer.I had a taste for Indian food one day and didn't feel like leaving my Office for lunch.  I am so glad I found this place, I order 2-3 times a week, and usually get the spice chicken and lamb/chicken combo every time.  The food is fresh and very good, and for the price it's worth it!!.Staff was friendly and attentive. We went in for a late night meal and ordered a few different dishes. I ate the pav bhaji and egg and chicken tikka roll. Both dishes were delicious and I would definitely recommend them. I also got the mango lassi and it wasn't the best. Stick to the pav bhaji and egg chicken tikka roll and your experience will be great. Definitely worth the stop in.I've only been here once for lunch so I can't comment on consistency, but my bf and I really enjoyed our kati rolls. As newbies to the kati roll, we didn't really know what to expect, but we were craving Indian flavors and didn't want to commit to a heavy sit down meal in the middle of a hot July. 
The veggie kati and paneer kati were perfectly spiced. The bread- sort of in between a naan and paratha as far as texture goes- was really tender but sturdy enough to keep all of the ingredients inside. I do wish there were more veggies in my veggie kati, but then again I always want more veggies. 
The serving size? 1 kati was definitely enough for me, but my boyfriend thinks that 1.5-2 katis would be necessary to fill him up. 
We also ordered their chhaas to split. It's a salty buttermilk drink that was incredibly refreshing and helped cut some of the spice from our rolls. I highly recommend if you normally do the lassi thing and are looking for a little change.
I just wish this place offered a few lighter sides- like a simple cucumber or tomato salad to eat in between bites of the kati.I am totally a fan. These days my taste buds are extremely finicky, and I often find myself without a 'taste' for anything. 
I tried this place because of its Yelp reviews (thank you fellow Yelpers!), and had the chicken tikka roll and a mango lassi.
The lassi was PHENOMENAL with cardamom, thick, and not sugary. 
The roll was PERFECT with white sauce, and just as good at home when I couldn't finish it all at the super clean, super cute restaurant. 
I am going back this evening to try another chicken tikka roll and prolly try the tikka paneer as well... yummmmmzzzzzzI was so excited to try this place...we ordered on a rainy Friday night.
When I called, I specifically asked the person on the phone whether the Kati Rolls are spicy. He assured me that they were not, which I thanked him for, because I am not able to tolerate much spice at all.
When the food arrived, the vegetable Kati Roll was so hot that I almost could not eat it. All three rolls we ordered were slathered in this spicy green chutney.
Next time, I will specifically ask for NONE of that...but I just don't understand why he didn't warn me about that. I mean, I asked.I ordered the chicken and rice platter and paid.  I then asked for a cup of water.  They refused to give me a cup of water and pointed to the beverage case.  I know restaurants make money on beverages, but I can't believe a restaurant can refuse a paying customer a cup of water.  
The menu said the platter of chicken and rice comes with lettuce and pita.  What it did not say was that a generous amount of yogurt sauce would be squeezed all over the chicken.  I can't blame them -- the chicken was surprisingly bland given the restaurant's name.  But I didn't want yogurt sauce on my chicken.  Adding insult to the injury was the gigantic squeeze bottle of yogurt sauce they brought to my table.  If you are going to give me a quart of yogurt sauce, why did you squirt sauce all over the chicken already?  Also, if you give away the yogurt sauce for free, why can't you give away a cup of water?  Could I trade the yogurt sauce for the water?  
I probably should have gone with one of the rolls, since those seem to be well reviewed, but I'm never going to bother returning to try them.
EDIT 7/31/13 (changed rating from one star to three):  With all the positive reviews of the rolls, I just had to try them, and they are good.  I've been back twice. Particularly like the aloo.  Every time I go, though, I ask for a cup of water, and then ask why they won't give me one.  One time they told me they had "issues."  I asked what that meant, and they said people were spilling the cups of water.  I guess the other beverages never spill?  I was tempted to say, "Give me a cup of water -- I'll give you five bucks if I spill it."  The next time I was told the policy exists because "this is fast food" and it would slow things down if they had to bring me a cup of water.  Frankly, none of this is credible. Whatever. 
In sum: go with the rolls; skip the flavorless chicken platter; fight the power and politely urge them to give you a cup of water.Great for some Indian food if you live nearby. I got takeout a few times just because I was close by, and it satisfied by Indian cravings for dinner each time.We were in the mood for Kati rolls. Coming in, the restaurant is modern and clean. The chicken pieces are tender and the roti is well made. The rolls are flavorful and can be spiced well with the available hot sauce. We will definitely be back. Don't forget to get the white sauce on the side, it takes the roll to the next level. It helps to call ahead and make your order, so you can walk right in and pick it up.Very tasty authentic food. Fast takeout service. Recommend the Gobi Cauliflower and spicy chicken dishes. Will try again.I have worked barely half a block away from Spice End for nearly 2 and a half years and had never gone in till now. Tonight I desperately needed a change from the usual sandwiches around the corner deli. I got the Chicken Tika Roll and it was tasty. Lots of flavor and well made, not at all messy. The roll had almost no filler with generous chunks of chicken. Price is reasonable $5.95 plus tax which is on par for say a hoagie. The staff was extremely friendly and explained the sauces they had available and what they best recommended for what I got. I sadly just had the roll and nothing else, the Mango Lassi drinks were in a display cooler and looked delicious. Will have to try one next time and the Chana Masala Roll.whatever you do, don't ask for simple glass of ice water.  they insist on maxing the agua-profit and forcing you to purchase bottled water.  
kinda makes you wonder... could they be cutting other corners to max profits????
suck an egg Spice End!They don't know how to do business period.  Ordered for delivery waited 40 minutes.  Called and they told me they have my number and address but done have my order. Then they said I must of ordered from somewhere  else which  doesn't make sense and is very disappointing because I order from there all the time. I literally ordered from there yesterday. Lost a great customer.I am from NY and have always been a big fan of The Kati Roll Company. 
Spice End, believe it or not, IMHO is better. They have more options, they are cheaper, they provide two sauces when mixed together in the right proportions are the ultimate dipping sauce. 
Spice End is a great addition to the Rittenhouse Area (esp. late night). Not great for dieters, but definitely very tasty.Good taste but when I opened my delivery bag, I didn't find my beverage.I ordered a chicken tikka wrap, but it wasnt chicken tikka. It wasn't seasoned in tandoori season- it wasn't red. It was just spiced chicken wrap. Not authentic Indian food at all.Located in Downtown Chestnut St.
Been here along with my Colleagues.
We have ordered Falafel and Chicken Biryani.
Falafel is not as good as Philly's street food. But it's definitely or bad.
Chicken Biryani was the best part and the masala was too good and taste like authentic.
Not all can make this. It taste like a real Hyderabadi Biryani.
Mango Lassi was as usually awesome.
Overall decent place to have Chicken Biryani.Pleasantly surprised. 
I had no idea what a kati  was before going here, glad I tried it though. A kati is essentially a wrap filled with Indian food. Spice End is a great option for a quick lunch. They are open until 3am on weekends so it would make an excellent post-bar snack as well. 
My recommendation is to get 2 rolls, if I only had one I would have left hungry. I went with the Chicken Tikka and Paneer Tikka. Both were very good. They also offer platters with traditional Indian food. 
Very good place, so happy I tried it.This place is great choice for indian food. The vada pav truly reminds me of mumbai! Also love their biriyani and paneer tikka kati rolls.I ordered the chicken biryani and maybe I had too high of an expectation but I was not impressed. I found the dish definitely lacked in flavor all across the board. The marinated chicken had no distinct flavor, the rice was bland in seasoning and I had to use 3 sides of white sauce to give a small amount of life to the dish. I have had better flavor from the food carts. $9.95 for tasteless rice and meat, that is customarily packed with flavor, I will not be back.I'm pretty sure I've come here once or twice a week for the past few weeks. I love their chicken or spice end platter. Pretty consistent on flavor. The chicken isn't as oily or heavy as other places have. I also always replace rice with extra lettuce so I save on carbs! (While tricking my self conscious that I'm eating somewhat more healthier..). I've never had their Kati rolls or mango lassi but my friend says they are good. Prices are average- definitely not cheap but definitely filling! I'm sure this is a hot spot for drunk food.I usually hit up New Delhi when in the mood for Indian but I saw the reviews of this place and headed up to try it out. I got the lamb and beef rolls and a falafel platter.
The red sauce is good but the white sauce is amazing! The lamb was nice and spicy and the beef was delicious. The falafel was quite good as well. Even my friend who doesn't normally like falafel had seconds.I'm a fan of the new place on the block Spice End! When I'm out and about and need to grab something on the go or right before I head home after a late night, this is the place to stop. Needless to say their hours are clutch and the 3am friday/saturday night closing time is a clutch move in this area of the city.
In a rush I grab the paneer roll. If I have time to sit down and eat I grab the chicken biryani platter and have them add paneer to that as well! 
PS. They are on grub hub and deliver :)Spice End has become my favorite on-the-go meal. It's quick, cheap, filling and delicious. At this point I think I've tried all the vegetarian rolls and would highly recommend the achari paneer roll and the aloo paneer roll. They are both the perfect amount of all the right flavors. The plain aloo roll has too much aloo and the paneer tikka roll is kinda dry and has too much paneer. The white sauce is a great side and if you like spicy then go for a little bit of the red. It's extremely spicy. They have a lunch special for around $7 that include biryani that I have yet to try, but that sounds like a steal to me. If you're ever in the area def stop by!Indian Burritos! How can you miss? The Kati are not very big; you could eat 2 if you're really hungry. The place just opened, and it feels like they've hit the ground running and well prepared. I had the paneer and pickle Kati. Really tastyA solid place for a quick meal for not too much $. I recommend the falafel platter. Good sized portions as well! Also, not super spicy for those with a more sensitive pallet/stomach.They're vegan friendly, but the quality of food is below average. Definitely not worth the price.Haven't been very impressed. Tried chicken biryani, which was quite spicy (good) but fairly light in flavor otherwise. Not to mention they serve it with some cheap cut mass produced pitas.
Chicken and rice platter was even less flavorful, but not any worse than Halal Guys so... it is what it is.Excellent, true authentic Indian street food. We tried many dishes and they tasted just like in India. Definitely come in and try.So good, potato tikki kati roll and paneer kati roll were fantastic. The consistency of the fillings and spice level were perfect. The achari sauce is something I've never had, mixed with their "white sauce" (ranch-ish) was addictive.Spice end is a great place for fast casual Indian food. Mix of Kati Rolls and Rice platters. They have a spicy red sauce and an awesome white sauce. You need lots of white sauce!
Definitely get a couple of Kati Rolls and a mango lassi.At Spice End on Chestnut street, there are a whole bunch of kati rolls to choose from, including vegetarian options.Kati rolls are around $6 each. Any 2 are $11, so I went with that.One roll is not quite enough for lunch and 2 is a bit too much, so possibly bring a friend and share 3?
The beef tikka roll had great flavor. The paratha itself had the right density, almost on the level of the Kati Roll Company of NYC. However, the meat was way too chewy-disappointing. Better, was the lamb kebab in Indian spices. The  flatbead encased  ground, savory lamb with a little bit of spice. Need more? A red fiery sauce comes on the side for you. Are you more sensitive to spice?  A cooling white sauce is also available.The Best kathi rolls outside of India. Amazinggggg!!!! Try their new location too. South & 7thAbsolutely delicious food at a great price. Service was great too. The presentation is poor but don't let that fool you-- the food is divine.Anytime I'm in Philly I always try my best to get the Chicken Biryani! The flavor is amazing and the right amount of heat! I could eat two orders If I wanted. Give it a try but I haven't tried anything else so hard to say how the rest of the food is.Yes! a late night option in Rittenhouse besides the regular pizza spot or worse, McD.
I ordered the chicken on rice platter, and while not especially tasty nor as cheap as those from a food truck, it was satisfying. The chicken was well flavored with a creamy white sauce, extra white sauce and red sauce on the side. Be warned though that the red sauce is especially hot, and a little will go a long way. To my delight, the platter came with not only rice, but also 4 small slices of naan - soft, chewy and delicious.
More than enough food for a late night craving, the leftovers will go towards tomorrow's lunch. For orders of $15 or more, they will deliver.Got a chicken and lamb platter to go. The meat comes shredded, which I don't love, I'd rather have pieces to bite into. It tasted ok, but not great. The portion was a good size. Service was pretty good, very friendly. If it's a quick lunch you're looking for, I think you can find better options close to this place.I just moved to Philadelphia and was looking for some good, quick takeout. It was late on a Sunday night so not much was open and I stumbled upon this place. The food was FANTASTIC and they were extremely friendly. The only complaint I had was that the dish I ordered was way too spicy for me but that's because I'm a wuss when it comes to spicy food! :PReally good kati rolls. Priced around $5.95 each; but $1 off if you buy two. Yes the Chicken Tikka was delicious; as was the Aloo paneer. Bread was great; fillings were nicely seasoned. The Aloo  Paneer reminded me of  samosa filling (sans peas), but the paneer was a nice touch. Chicken was flavorful white meat, but had a few chewy,gristly pieces. One roll is  definitely not enough; two is quite filling. A bit pricey for lunch; but very enjoyable.
Cons:
Sauces were just OK. Red sauce is hot, but has not much flavor besides chilis. White sauce tasted mostly like mayo.Would prefer something more tangy; like a raita. Not enough cilantro chutney or onions in the rolls.This place is terrific!  Delicious, cheap, relatively fast Indian food.  I absolutely loved every meal I have had here especially their Paneer Kati Roll.  Absolutely amazing.Great food, great service. I work around the corner and since discovering this place, I've brought in 10+ coworkers. (I should get a finder's fee!) The only thing I've ever had is the chicken Kati roll & chicken biryani lunch special- because it's SO good. I've gone with people who've ordered platters and other things and they thoroughly enjoyed them. I do wish they had a lunch special loyalty program- buy 10, get one free or something? The lunch specials are $7.50 each and I always have leftovers for the next day. Great deal!I love the lamb and chicken platter. The hot sauce is great, but the white sauce tastes like ranch dressing which is odd. I always ask for extra lettuce and they've always been generous with it. Fast service, tasty food, and nice people. One of the best Indian places in the city for sure.Loved it! Husband and I ordered an aloo paneer roll and a tikka paneer roll with a mango lassi, just the right amount of food for 2 moderately hungry appetites. Very generous with the paneer, which had fantastic grilled flavor. Both rolls were delicious but seasoning in the Tikka Paneer roll was my favorite. The white sauce they came with was yummy, beware the red sauce though, it was pretty hot! And prices were very reasonable. Quite happy we discovered this place, we'll definitely be back.I am staying at a bed and breakfast in center city and called in a late order for delivery. The food was amazing and the delivery service was truly exceptional. I mistakenly muted my phone and did not know they arrived but the driver waited patiently until I realized my error. The paneer and chicken rolls were superb. Highly recommended for take-out and I look forward to eating in!!I like their platters! I typically get the paneer one which is good! I tend to go here late night when I get the munchies after a night out LOVE the white sauce!!!I have ordered from Spice End in the past and always really enjoyed their Indian fair. It's different than most Indian restaurants that serve the same heavy dishes. Here they offer some of those dishes in wrap form that are quite delicious but also offer, chicken and lamb platters that are very well seasoned and delicious. The restaurant is BYOB and a little shabby but the food is delicious and cheap.If you are Asian, the casher will ask you if you are from China. He thinks all the Asian people are coming from there. Thanks for ruining my day, Racist. PS my platter is a meh.This was the worst Indian Food I've ever had. I got a Chicken Tikka Roll that was actually dried chicken inside a piece of roti. There was no flavor and it was definitely not worth the $7 I paid. The building itself is a shabby, dank place that smells a bit off. Overall I would not recommend this place to anyone and I certainly will not be going back.Delicious kati rolls! We tried the lamb kabob and paneer roll to go. I would highly recommend both. Great place to come for a snack or quick bite. The person who was at the front was extremely friendly and went over the menu. Definitely going back.Being away from home, it's natural for us indian girls to start craving the quintessential indian food - biriyani. And mango lassi. And let me tell you, spice end does not disappoint! Their chicken biriyani is one of the best in the town and I am absolutely in love. In fact, their biriyani is so good I've never had the chance to try anything else off the menu despite having been to spice end at least once a month since they opened.The place is ok in every sense. It is more like a fast food place, but you do not get your food fast. Platters are big, you get full very fast. The taste is not great but not bad either. It is clean and quiet.First off, if you are visiting this place right now, check-in on Yelp and get the 10% discount. I did not, and also clearly didn't see the other reviews. I only realized after I'd paid. But anyway, on to my review... 
I got the lunch special for $7 and some change. I believe it all came to roughly $8. This was a chicken tikka roll (basically a chicken wrap) and vegetable biryani. I love Indian food, so the notion of chicken tikka inside bread, which is how it's basically consumed anyway, was just too great to pass up. It's a great idea in theory but needs a little work on the execution. I'm with others who thought there needed to be a little extra in the way of moisture for the roll. There seemed to be a green sauce inside, but for the parts that it didn't touch, I needed white sauce. After adding that, the roll got better. I am used to my chicken tikka drenched in sauce so perhaps the changeover from a standalone meal to a roll just didn't translate well in that way. I guess they didn't want a soggy wrap. Other than that, the biryani was very moist and delicious. There was free wifi, the portions were decent with leftovers to spare. There was free sauce on the side. 
All-in-all, I'd give it a second chance and use my discount.Philly has needed a place like this for sooo long. If you miss chicken and rice or kati rolls from nyc this place will fulfill your needs and then some. The best chicken lamb and rice platter in philly, white and hot sauce that rival nycs 53rd and 6th. Kati rolls that are perfect. Open late night, perfect for post clubbin and delivers late. Philly just got enhanced!Poor crowd. Poor management. The food is a copy of the NYC food carts. And it is more expensive than NYC. Lack of seating space. The hot sauce is watered down version of Sriracha.It's an average place. Don't expect it to be the best kathi rolls ever.This is without a doubt my favorite chicken and rice spot. They have a good variety in their menu and the prices are average, and they are open late. I feel that there chicken and rice platter is not as greasy as other places but still packs the flavor so you don't feel as sluggish after eating.Nice addition to the area and a new spot to add to my lunch rotation.  I enjoyed both the chicken tikka kati and the mixed vegetable kati.  The mixed vegetable had way more flavor and spice and my carnivorous self has a hard time admitting I liked it a whole lot more than the chicken.
I agree with other reviewers....the hot sauce is good but could use more flavor (garlic, onion, something) and the white sauce similarly neededs a little something more.   Also, would be nice to have an appetizer size portion of something on menu - samosa?  and/or a side salad to have when just having kati.  One kati was not enough but two was too many.  
I'm definitely going back.I came here during dinner hours,  and it was quiet and empty. I ordered the spice end platter,  as it seemed like the signature platter. I really liked the amount of rice and chicken! It tasted very good,  and was pretty spicy,  so people sensitive to spice,  beware! The cashier at the time was also courteous,  so that was a plus.Ordered Kathi roll and Biryani, they could have tasted better. The location seems good, however they should focus improving the taste.Love love love their chicken and rice platter!!!! So flavorful and delicious!! I always visit this place every time I am in Philly. I've also had their paneer Kati rolls which are delicious!Spicy, flavorful, and fabulous!
Kati Rolls are something wonderful.  Think Naan wrapped around the delicious indian cuisine!  The Kati rolls are actually a Roti with paneer (cheese), or lamb, or cheese, or veggies wrapped inside with onions.   MMMMMM!!! I could honestly eat these every day!
I came here two days in a row and tried three different Rolls.  Lamb, Paneer, Paneer.  They were all spiced well.  The Lamb had the most kick.  They also give you a red pepper sauce and a raita (yogurt sauce) which blend well with the flavors.  The Mango Lassi was very thick, creamy, and not too sweet.
I've been to 2 different places that sell Kati rolls.  The size and flavors of the rolls here were comparable.  
I talked with one of the men, asking many questions.  He was helpful and seemed to enjoy explaining things.  They make the Roti (bread) on site.  
Walk by, try it. :)I have been to this place twice since it opened and have loved it both times. The staff is extremely nice and hospitable (even to stumbling drunk people) and the food is great!
I have had all the chicken and lamb rolls and they have all been as good as you can get in Philly. In fact, they're even better than the New York kathi roll spots. My particular favorites are the Chicken Achari, Chicken and Egg and Lamb Kabab Rolls. 
This place is great at what it does and that is good food with great customer service. Do not go in expecting a fancy decor and a 20-page menu. Menu is small but great and the decor is not much to write home about. However, if you want some spicy indian kathi rolls which leave you wanting for more with every bite then this is where you want to go.I feel like this place is a hidden gem.  The reason is that I was walking by one day, and decided to walk in and check it out.  I had no idea what it was all about.  Let's just say it was one of the best decisions I ever made, lol.  My 2 favorites are the Aloo Paneer Roll and Beef Tikka Roll (beef seems slow cooked and so tender).  The flavors are just amazing, and really a party in your mouth.  Also, the times I went there, I was greeted with friendly smiles and respect.  Knowing it was my first time there, they asked if I liked the food and made sure everything was to my liking.  2 thumbs up guys, keep up the good work.  I will def be back many more times.Great, affordable, flavorful food. I've ordered food from Spice End a number of times, and also have eaten in. Especially great that it's open late at night for that snack when you're out. 
My favorite is definitely the Paneer Tikka roll. The paneer is so well cooked and tender, and the mint flavor fits in just right. SO GOOD. I also enjoyed the lamb and chicken rolls, and they were also good, but not as good as the paneer tikka. I've also tried the platters which are also pretty good, but I'd say the kati rolls are definitely the specialty here.The best place to eat after being out all night in Center City! Amazing staff and delicious food.  I always get the Paneer Tikka Roll and Mango Lassi.Surprised that this place got such good reviews here.
My food was well below average and I wouldn't order again.If I lived close to this restaurant, I would probably come here everyday to eat the Chicken Platter. Chicken was tender. Was awesome with extra white sauce and hot sauce. Just go easy on the hot sauce as it's the super spicy variety.
The Chicken Platter would be perfect after finishing a night of clubbing at 3 am. They give you enough food that it's probably good for 2 people. Pretty awesome.Veggie rolls are more quantity than any other restaurants in the city .. one can enough .. Panneer also good .. easy quick eaten place .. except parking you can have comfortable foodThough i have long been mourning the loss of Jojo's and their fried wontons, I was giddy with excitement when I heard an Indian street food joint decided to take over  ... 
Kati rolls have long been a street food staple of urban populous in bustling cities like Kolkata and Mumbai and have recently garnered some attention stateside, mostly in NYC. Though I admit it did take a bit long for philly to catch up on the trend, I am glad Spice End is doing it right.
One has a variety of options for the fillings , but the concept is simple, a plethora of flavors from spices, marinated meats and dash of seasonings all bundled into one thin crispy paratha, to pack a punch all the way  to the last bite.
We sampled the Achari chicken and paneer .. Which was well marinated and tangy cos of the Indian pickles (more of a lime or a mango base in contrast to a vinegar base). Also got a Frankie ( the egg and chicken ) or as I call it the Mumbai burrito where the Paratha is doubled up with an egg base on the griddle. The aloo (potato) paneer had a nice kick to it too.
They all went well with the red and the white sauces provided on the side, so i guess you can't go much wrong from blindly picking one from the menu. Though if you do feel lost, the staff is nice and friendly enough to help you pick something. I will prolly try and go back and try the platters sometime soon ... 
So If a ravenous hunger pang beckons 2 of these rolls should do the trick ,  though one roll will easily satiate those late night munchies given that they are also open till late on most nights.
P.S : They also stack ThumsUp and Limca in the fridge, some potent Indian soda if you feel inundated with spices.This is not a place to bring your future in-laws to impress them. This is not a place to bring a major CEO of a company. This IS a place with great food, relaxed staff, nothing fancy, and did I mention the great food? From the awesome kati rolls, to the chicken-n-rice platters, it's just good food at a good price. It is the best in Philly? Maybe not. But on a random day when you are hankering for a solid kati roll, with spiced and tender chicken, this very well might be the best spot in Philly.It's been more than a year now I started going to this restaurant. I have to say this food is pretty addictive, plus they serve late night. I almost tried everything on their menu and tastes good overall. I advice to try this if you are craving for late night Indian food. I like vegetarian platter, chicken biryani with extra chicken and pav baji. 
Their spicy levels are pretty low.Food was good. But the sauce in ordered was spilled and messy. The pickle sauce was bitter but I would hope to get more sauce for 50cents.The server was friendly and patient. I got the chicken and egg roll. So good! Make sure you have some self-control when spreading the red sauce over your food, because I didn't..IT MIGHT BLOW YOUR MOUTH! I think a piece of me dead as I was biting into the egg roll..  I love spicy food but that was just too spicy. They are also open till 3 am!We never had Indian Food Before Me and my wife where in Center City And needed to eat lunch we wanted something fast so are appointment was across the street from spiced end. I was surprised I tried there lunch Box special it came with a Kati Roll and rice with lettuce and tomato it was delicious and very affordable.... I give these guys a 5 star will definitely be back againWe really like this place. I've only ever ordered delivery but the food is always delicious. We have gotten all the chicken and rice dishes and while they are all pretty spicy, the flavor is on point. I would recommend it to anyone who likes Indian cuisine.While the hours state that the place is open until 3 am. They will hang up the phone on you if you decide to question what time they are open until while standing outside at 2:30 am. Great service. 5 stars.....Favorite place for Indian delivery in Center City. 
Spice end bowl is da bomb! Chicken rice veggies. A must order for a night in.Have been waiting for a quality kati roll place to show up in Philly. This place hits the spot. Their rolls are really good and their sauces (hot sauce and yogurt sauce) are delicious. Service is friendly and fast. Highly recommend this place.When you add great food and spectacular customer service, you get Spice End Kati Roll. The cooks and staff are ready to serve with a smile, because their top priority is making the customer happy. The platters, rolls, and even the lassi's satisfy anyone. I drive from South Jersey to Philly JUST for the warm hospitality that brings me back to happiness.
If you go to any other Kati Roll and compare it to here (I am a previous Rutgers student, so I can compare), you will see the stark contrasts. Best food in Philly yet!Spice end is more of a place to grab a nice indian snack than a full blown dinner place, although the rolls can be pretty filling. The food here was close to being authentic and the masala chai (spiced tea) in particular, was excellent! The rolls were also very good but the paneer platter was just above average. 
Funnily enough though, the place was almost deserted even at 7 30 pm on a Friday evening; I think that people mostly just get their food 'to go' from here, and it's probably what I'll do the next time.I had chicken & lamb over rice and it was horrible. The meat was dry with no flavor, which is weird and rare for Indian food. The meat was ground, I expected chunks. The halal trucks are way better. Well not be reordering.For Indian take out with phenomenal late night hours, friendly staff, usually quick service, and non-greasy food, they definitely get 5 stars from me. 
The Chicken Tikka rolls are amazing...the tortilla is nice and doughy, and the chutney on the inside adds a nice flavor balance. The chicken is always well seasoned and very tender. 
Their spicier platters are always full of flavor, and usually pretty spicy (appropriately named). For the spice-wary eater, eat with caution, or just ask them to adjust. 
A great neighborhood addition for a late night meal, or a quick bite on the go. Did I mention the Tikka rolls are great when you need a little something after a long night of drinking...?I'm currently sitting in an unusually high chair right now. Just thought you might want to know.
Anyways, I was starving at work and tryna order some dinner at around 10pm on a Thursday evening in center city. I was probably going to hit up my usual (pizza) but a colleague expressed the desire to join in on my order. Because I now had help reaching the dreaded delivery minimum, I decided to go wild and go with Indian.
I've heard from natives that Philly doesn't do Indian well. Too bad. This place had good enough reviews and I decided I would see for myself. 
I was legitimately starving to death so I went with chana masala roll and veg biryani rice. Co-worker ordered a lamb roll. 
In almost precisely the amount of time that was projected, the food arrived. I called because I was pressured by my ordering friend to call, and they were perfectly pleasant on the phone. Delivery man called to tell me he was about to pull up. Is this a philly thing? Can you like, not do a drive by and come give me the food? I don't work in a situation where I can guarantee availability to come down and outside and retrieve it. Additionally, the street of the entrance of my employment place is quite possibly (and has been concurred by many colleagues) one of the most sketchiest places on earth (broad st). I told this guy to drop it off at the front desk. 
My colleague was off at this time so he took his and bounced. I didn't get a chance to get around to eating this shit until a few hours later. I approached the coffee table where the food was sitting, situated myself and my laptop on the couch, opened the bag, and dug out its contents. I unwrapped the roll, pulled it out of its package, gave it a good stare, wrapped my lips around it, and took out a nice chunk. 
It was this moment when I had the insufferable realization that what I was chewing on and digesting with my salivary juices was fucking meat. That mother fucker I ordered with took my chana masala roll by accident and left me with his fucking lamb roll. FML. I was furious. I was about to cut a bitch. Thank jesus I still had that veg biryani. 
The veg biryani was really good, it was definitely not super authentic and delicious indian but it was good none-the-less. Its goodness could very possibly be due to the fact that I was famished. I'm not quite sure what the "veg" part was supposed to be because I'm pretty sure it just consisted of rice, lentils, some paneer chunks, (POSSIBLY carrots because I'm not sure whether the orange wisps were carrots or some funky indian rice or some shit). I lit-er-uh-ly shoveled that shit right down. It came with 4 little triangles of pita. I don't think that bread stuff could pass for naan but what do I know? I'm just a fucking white girl. 
Spice level I ordered was medium and I would say that was accurate. I definitely wasn't disappointed in the heat level. 
In fact, the food comes with some extra sauces: this red hot sauce stuff that helps u out if you're not satisfied with the level of heat present at baseline and this DELICIOUS white like ranch-type shit. I wish I had realized it was there earlier and threw it in the fridge because I was worried staph aureus got to it before I did. 
I texted my ordering partner at like 3am when I realized he took my shit in my fury. In the morning he came in and gave me a snack-sized, lunch-box fucking shit size package of gushers. It was a nice gesture but it was hardly a consolation for swiping my chana masala roll. RIP.Super cheap, super good food. Chicken is amazingly tender, mango lassi very high quality. Be prepared to wait 10 minutes for food, but it's worth it.Walked in and got super quick takeout, worker was really friendly, and chicken biryani was awesome. It was a HUGE portion and came with naan. PLUS I got the Yelp 10% discount for checking in. Didn't eat there but there were plenty of tables.Terrible delivery; they agreed they made delivery to wrong address; I received cold food; called back, not discount, only they were sorry for their mistake???  I would not recommend delivery; I heard some many positive reviews of the food; sorry I did not have it delivered hot, as it should have been experienced!Good quick Indian food, service was very nice 
We had the lamb kabab roll and it was very good. Not giving it four starts Bc I would like to come back to try something else. 
Quick fix for hunger and get set to carry on with the day.Great eats for a late night bite. This place is small and not too fancy but the food is really good. Everything is made to order so it can be a little slow but the kati rolls were spicy and had a nice kick to it.I love you. I really really love you. 
Chicken Briyani. 'Nuff said. AND they're open until 3am, which is unheard of in PhiladelphiaDelicious Indian food available late into the night! Some of their dishes are very authentic Indian food. Khati rolls are great- I have tried the beef tikka and the paneer tikka- has the right amount of spice and flavor. The chicken biryani platter is excellent- well cooked biryani ( excellent portions) with the pita bread and lettuce (giving it a halal cart spin). 
The spice end platter has to be the best dish here- its delicious rice, chicken with pita bread and lettuce. Their white sauce is excellent and their hot sauce however is too spicy. Mango lassi is good but overpriced. Restaurant ambiance needs improvement. Service is variable- its never the same guys at the cash counter or picking up the phone- most of them are polite but at times they can be disorganized. Anyways, they get 5 stars just for the well priced tasty indian food.Spice End, bless you. Cheap, delicious food available well into the night? Yes, please.
I've had the chicken tikka and achari chicken kati rolls. Both are delicious, filling, and (perhaps most importantly) highly portable for the late-night grab-n-go. If you have the time to sit down and savor your meal, get one of the platters. They're equally delicious, just a bit more expensive, and incredibly filling. 
This is definitely my new Gay Pizza when I'm out west of Broad.This place is where I come after my drinking nights. It is fairly small, can seat up to 25 people, but I have never seen it packed anyways. Their khati rolls are amazing. I usually have the chicken tikka or paneer khati roll. The amount of spice and flavors in them are perfect. I also tried their chicken and rice but I have had better chicken and rice than that (especially if you had NY's halal chicken and rice).I totally agree with the positive reviews of Spice End! I went here for the first time after first noticing it a couple of months ago when it opened. I got the Chicken Tikka Kati Roll- delicious!! I'ts a good size and extremely tasty. Large, fresh pieces of chicken that you can tell were marinating for awhile in a delicious spice blend. The spice level was just right to compliment the chicken; it wasn't overpowering. 
I got take out: the service was super fast. The place looked very tidy. 
I wish they had a few Indian appetizers, as those are some of my personal favorites! 
Definitely recommend if you like Indian food. I want to try their rice dishes next. I can't wait to go back!Wow... so disappointed.  Took out food about a month ago and was fantastic.  Got lamb and chicken platter.  Very good portion size.  Went back again and again and both time got take out and the portion size has become about half of what it was originally.  I was actually hungry enough afterward to have to buy something else to eat.  What happened?I've only had Spice End's chicken and rice platter, and I can't help comparing it to the ones of New York. I thought the platter was good, and it definitely fulfilled my craving for chicken and rice, but it fell short of what I remember from NY. The rice was a little hard, and the chicken was dry, but that was easily fixed by smothering it in white and red sauce, the latter of which added a spicy kick. The addition of the sauces really made the meal, and I left content. The portions are great for the price, but service here is slow. I was with a group of five, and we were the only people in the shop. We all ordered the same thing, yet it still took a lot longer than expected to get our food out. I would love to try some of their other dishes though, to be less biased and also to have a taste of some of the other dishes that sound amazing off of the extensive menu!Perfect, inexpensive, delicious fast food...Indian style! My new obsession is Spice End. The food is made to order and delivered to your table with a smile. I so enjoy the warm and friendly service with my cold Lassi!Delicious food, spicy and tasty (not bland), quick delivery. I had the chicken and rice dish and mango lassi. You get a ton of food (I ate it for 3 meals) for what you pay. Mango lassi was silky and yummy without tasting artificial. Great delivery Indian.I ordered takeout - Chicken biriyani! It was sooo good and well seasoned. A little dry so add some of that tangy yogurt sauce and hot sauce on. Note the hot sauce has a serious kick and is spicy ! Be ready for the kick or use a lot less.
It was $10 for a large platter and I ate it over 2 days. The service is exceptional too! I will def return and even grabbed a takeout menu for the houseKati Rolls are the specialty of Spice End and anyone who enjoys this Calcutta street food will not be complaining.  In this small but centrally located Indian hangout in Philadelphia, you can walk in seven days a week and pick up a Kati Roll.  If it's breakfast get the chicken and egg.  If it's later in the day, go for one of the Tikka Rolls (I like the lamb but the beef and chicken I'm sure are tasty as well.)  They have two sauces you can add.  The hot sauce is hot enough but not really that tasty.  The white sauce (kinda like an Indian mayonnaise) is the one to go for to augment the flavor.  
It is order at the counter service for eat-in or take-out.  Everyone's friendly. What I didn't like was that they won't give you regular water with your meal ... you can only buy bottled water.  That's a small issue but one I don't think restaurants in Philadelphia should go down this path.
Anyway...... add Spice End to your list of quick but tasty meals available in Center City. They cook up the best Kati Rolls in Philly!I had the Paav Baji and the chicken and rice which was amazing. Well cooked and spiced. The Paav Baji is def a special dish as I've never had it anywhere else. I would def recommend!I love these Kati rolls. Great filling inexpensive option when I'm on this side of town.Kati rolls are a game changer. The paratha bread is so smokey and delicious. I change my mind. The platters are ehhhh, but these rolls, wow. If you purchase 2, it's $1 off.Very dry lamb platter, even after adding extra white sauce. It's probably better to order on grubhub than actually going to the restaurant since the fluorescent lighting and black painted walls make you feel very closed in. I would recommend the mango lassis and wraps they make.Ahhh my craving for Indian food brought me here and we ordered several rolls. namely Chicken Tikka Roll, Paneer roll and Lamb Kabab roll. The spices were undercooked and the base mixture tasted stale on the lamb Roll. Suffice to say we told the cashier but he said " it is fresh and thats how it is a made".  Ish knows his lamb and refuse to take another bite and packed it in. For the price the portion is small but I probably understand it being in center city.
The Paneer was rubbery and we were told it is not made but brought from indian supermarket. 
The veg biryani was more like a slam of turmeric and some garam masala nary a taste of biryani.
Same disappoint and we will not be back.Love the food.  Have tried Kati rolls few of them and tikka one is just yummy. If you are solid hungry you better order 2. Nice atmosphere and awesome customer service with reasonable prices it's a place to be.  Will always be coming back for more!We had been looking forward to trying this place out after a night on the town... However, I must say we were extremely disappointed when, after walking 5 blocks to get there by 2:45am, they had already locked their doors. Another customer was nice enough to open the doors for us and we went in, and even with a group of 10 people, they refused to serve us. Tell me why your sign says open until 3am? It would have been fine if you write on the outside 'last seating at 2:45' or something to that effect. This is FALSE ADVERTISING and honestly, the workers are LAZY and do not care much about their business if that's how you treat customers who are coming especially to try your place out. You've lost a lot of potential customers by your false advertising and lazy staff. If you're that lazy to even make food, who knows what other corners you're cutting when you actually make the food. They DON'T CARE ABOUT THEIR CUSTOMERS. Good luck with your crappy business. Nice business model you have there.Can you fall in love with a Paratha? So flakey, so fresh, so toothsome. I absolutely love this place. The rolls are so delicious and well
Spiced and the guys who work there are friendly!  I recommend the aloo paneer roll. There is no ambiance or decor..but what do you expected for a $5.75 lunch?Had the chicken and rice.  It was boiled chicken and soggy plain rice with maybe a hint of food coloring.  No spices, no real flavor.  Wife had the chicken tikka roll, she said it was bland as well.  
The "white sauce" is ranch dressing.  
What we've got here is an Indian version of Taco Bell with less flavor.  
They really should add flavor and do this food properly.  I've had plenty of Indian food at this sort of low price point which was great.Not. Good. Ordered the lamb platter and received a dish with crumbly, dry, tasteless lamb, unseasoned and undercooked rice, white sauce that is basically seasoned mayo (consistency and all), a few shreds of soggy lettuce, and to top it all off, wet pita (which is usually my favorite part of a platter like this). I hope this was just a bad day at Spice End because if not, I'm not sure what these other reviewers are tasting. I've had far better at the food truck on Drexel's campus...and for less than 1/2 the price.This is my go to, day to day Indian food in Phily.  The lamb kathi rolls have an amazing mix of tender lamb, green chutney, spice and a delicious paratha (bread) wrap.  At 300 calories its a very special treat.  Being a Bong (Bengali sweet freak), I like to add the Mango Lassi to one kathi roll and Spice End spicy and white sauce to the second.  
When I splurge, I go for the lamb and chicken platter.  Again, the perfect amount of spice to complement the tasty lamb, chicken mix.  If youre feeling adventurous get the "great balls of fire" Spice End style platter that will have your tongue dancing!
Chef Akshay had me try the new vegetarian Samosa chat and its really great.  The tamarind chutney and vegetable mix is just so delicious.
Finally, owner Meet has trained the staff to wear beaming smiles and create a great customer experience.  
Thanks Boyz, you make me feel like Im in India with my mom.Whatever you order, make sure you get plenty of the yogurt sauce. Wicked good.
I've only tried the rice platters and they were solid. I think the Spice End Combo was the best. Next time, i'll try the kati rolls.Did the spices get burned in an epic fire here? I ordered the lamb platter and for $10 I expected something decent at the least. The lamb was dry and tasteless as was the rice. The white sauce just seemed like a glob of thick mayo. The pita was barely palatable. So. Utterly. Underwhelmed. I would not recommend this to anyone. I could get a $5 lamb platter off a halal truck that tasted better AND comes with a drink. 
It gets two stars for being edible. And clean.One of my go to places for lunch break, Kati rolls are good but the chicken biriyani is a must try. Make sure you use the white sauce it makes everything delicious.Kati Rolls in Philly!!!! Yes and they absolutely are healthier and tastier than their counterparts in NYC. How can I describe, the ingredients are fresh the meat always tender and the roti is perfectly toasted and not super greasy. My favorite are the paneer rolls. All the rolls come with 2 sauces; a nice creamy yogurt sauce and a hot sauce that is by far hottest stuff I've eaten in a while. Don't be foolish and stuff your face with that hot sauce, the next morning will not be pleasant I promise you.
The best part about this place is that it's open late night so after a night of binging you can actually eat a decent meal that won't charge 1000 calories into your body.
Oh and before I forget, make sure you check in on Yelp to get 10% off your order.I have been grabbing lunch from the halal cart at 20th and Market for the past two years and one of my coworkers suggested I try out Spice End.  I got the typical chicken and lamb over rice and it was 10 times better than the cart food.  Very fresh chicken and lamb and they give you bottles of their white and red sauce to put on yourself.  If you like spicy food, their red sauce is delicious.  While I usually finish the cart food quickly, I took half of my lunch back to the office for an afternoon snack.  For $4 more than the cart, your get a large portion that is made to order.  Very nice atmosphere in there as well.  This is my new lunch spot in Rittenhouse.Decent food. Rolls are of good quality and tasty. Platters are just not bad. You get limca here. Just 3 stars because of the staff behaviour (not willing to give enough napkins, I can't believe it. But, he apologized later for doing that). A good place to try rolls. Quick snack, when you are hungry.We had achari paneer rolls and they were delicious. If you are looking for a fancy restaurant then this is not the place for you. Good for takeouts or for grabbing a quick bite.This is a solid late night food option. Kati rolls are delicious and filling! Paneer and chicken were my favorite. The platters are a little on the pricier side, especially with so many food truck options around town that sell similar (but probably more oily/less healthy) platters for half the price.Being an Indian from India, my expectations for kathi rolls is rather high and I can't say this place met my expectations, but I will say it came close. It tasted a bit Americanized and lacked the true flavor of a kathi roll. 
Tried the chicken tikka kathi which was decent sized but one may not fill you up if you are looking to have a full meal. 
Would have given it 3 stars, but +1 for being open late making it a good after bar food option. 
~$5-6 for a kathi roll, $11 for 2.Great kati rolls. My fav is their achari paneer rool. Mixed veggie rool is also very good. Once a week at least. 
Give it a try.. you wont be disappointed!!Amazing halal food and a great restaurant w nice staff and plenty of seating. Prime for late night and getting plenty of food for a good price. If you're from NYC it's very similar to Halal Guys thereBeing from NY, I was skeptic trying this place out for late night craving.  Good thing it was open late and not crowded.  
Ordered the Paneer Tikka Kati Rolls to go -- the order took about 10 minutes to get ready.   Given that there were two other people in the place, would have expected a little speedy preparation (guess the NYer in me likes fast pace and service).
The food was delicious - wrap did not seem to heavy and paneer was very moist and chewy.  The green chutney inside was perfect blend and it did not have too many onions to leave that after smell in your mouth.  The two sauces available on the side are white sauce and hot sauce.  ** Spicy Alert ** for the hot sauce so please be careful.  White sauce was great but a little thick in texture and hard to dip.  I did not see any of those sauces in the actual rolls.  I wish they had the extra green chutney also on the side.Yum! Yum! Yum!
I had never explored the world of kati rolls until my boyfriend took me here to try an "Indian burrito." I love the achari paneer roll, it's my favorite. It has this amazing spicy tang and is a must try!
Spice end is a great option for something quick and delicious or/take-out. Oh and definitely try Limca, it's a  citrus Indian soft drink. I'm not much of a soda drinker but it's definitely a nice refreshing treat.Spice End attempts to recreate the New York, quasi-Indian street food classics kathi rolls and platters. They succeed probably better than anyone else in Philly, albeit at a steep cost.
Platters come with meats layered on top of rice and are served with 2 sauces (very spicy red and creamy white), toasted pita, and an indifferent salad of iceberg lettuce and tomato. The sauces display less thickness than the iconic NYC ones but mirror the sauces' taste pretty faithfully. The fluffy rice tastes light due to a lack of excess seasoning and grease. The meats we sampled were all well-seasoned and cooked, and the Spice End platter (essentially the chef's personal rendition of classic chicken and rice) outshone the others with large, juicy chunks of aromatically spiced chicken. Though we didn't sample any kathi rolls, I've heard from numerous sources that they're decent.
Pricing acted as the sole negative of my Spice End experience; platters clock in at around $9, a few dollars more expensive than the cart versions. Spice End offers very decent recreations of beloved street foods, and is definitely worth visiting when the insatiable craving for platters strike. If they reduced their prices a bit, this could easily become a regular destination.I have never tried one of these Indian wraps before. They are so delicious!!! I was blown away! They are also open later which really helps!Hey guys, I tried the white sauce and I have to totally backtrack. Although I didn't like the kati rolls here, the chicken platters are AMAZING if you do it right. You know why? Cause it's almost exactly like what you'd get at the halal carts in New York. Best of all, they deliver. Halal food-cart style chicken delivered to your doorstep? How the hell can you say no to that??
IMPORTANT NOTE THOUGH. Everything is dry, and doesn't come with enough white sauce. So please please please get at least 3-4 more containers of white sauce, and 1 container of hot sauce. Then put the sauces in the chicken and rice, adjusting to taste. Did you do that? Awesome. Now sit back and enjoy your feast!
Plus, the guys here are super nice. Bonus points for service!This place was such a great find! We went to one of our favorite bars around the corner and realized that Spice End had finally opened, and wow were we happy! My husband had both the Chicken Tikka and Lamb, and I had the Chicken and Egg one.  All three tasted great, but we both definitely preferred the Chicken and Egg over the other two.  The next morning wasn't pleasant, which is odd because my husband and I eat even spicier food all the time.... lol, but whatever, it wont stop us from coming back!  I dont think I'm too interested in trying their biriyani, but I would be down to try their chicken & rice .  I barely remember what else is on the menu though, it was one of THOSE nights
4 stars because its pricy for a late night 'snack' and something about that morning after....... lol!I work about three blocks away from this place. I am a hugeeeeeeeee fan and I mean hugeeee fan of Halal Bros in NY. But when this place opened up, it wasn't well known. My roommate and our friend are part of a frat. at Temple and I guess one of the other fraternities that they fraternize with is brothers with the owner here. So, they went to go eat there, and a bunch of us other halal food loving Asians went to go eat with them. We literally went I think two or three days after they opened and they only had one other table other than us. 
Their seating is very limited, but I prefer take out anyways. We got to meet the owner and he was young, professional, and friendly. Of course, we all went on instagram to hash tag and post our new halal food finding in center city Philadelphia! The owner came over to talk with us, we asked about his opening and etc. At that time, he was delivering on his own + running his business. Props to the owner! 
Like Victor C. (my buddy who also reviewed this place) the rice seemed a bit different. Definitely in color, so I actually asked the owner, and he told me that the rice is the same but different food coloring (if I remember correctly). Also the white sauce and red sauce is not "exactly" on point, but it is definitely close. And I would have to disagree with my friend that it seems more like tzatziki sauce! (sorry victor! Lol). 
Im not a huge fan of lamb, but the chicken & rice is definitely my favorite. I love that the chicken is very tender here and lightly seasoned. I've been here probably about ten times since they've opened, and I have ordered take out several times while at work, and even got the attorney and co-workers I work with ordering from here.  
However, I must note, since my first experience the food quality and portion has gone down a bit. Perhaps because they are more busy now? But to have regular's to continue giving business, consistency is key! Price is way higher than Halal Bros but I'm sure it's also because rent in Rittenhouse area is not so cheap either. 
So as tough as this is, I would have to honestly give a solid 3.5 but ill round up!Great food
Affordable 
Friendly environment 
Can't wait to be back
For now on one of my fav spots 
In phillyLove the rolls , wada pav and the pao bhaji. I order often from here :)Great lunch spot. Reasonable prices and good portions. The Chicken & Egg Kati Roll lunch platter with chicken biryani rice is perfect meal. Try the hot sauce too...hot but not painful hot. The Spice End Platter is also a good one. Service is always pretty quick too.Terrible service, delivery is slow and unresponsive.
Ordered food at 8:30pm through grub hub, was told delivery would arrive between 10-10:15pm (which already is a long wait) and food did not arrive until after 11pm.
I called customer service twice with no results..... will never order from you again.The chicken and egg roll is so so good!! Add the yoghurt and hot sauce to it and make it perfect.
The veg biryani is surprisingly delicious - one of the best in Philly!!
Their mango lassi is over priced and barely average. All in all, a must go...especially after a few drinks at 2am (it's open till 3 am!!)Had the Spice End Chicken. It WAS spicy. They're not kidding. Tasty tho. And they're very proud of their white sauce. C'mon guys it's mayo and lemons. Not sure why it's rated so high.This is an average restaurant, I believe it gets good reviews because it is open late. I tried vada pav and mix veg Kati roll. The vada pav had authentic dry garlic chutney only which brought back Mumbai memories. The vada was mediocre. It had too many black mustard seeds when it shouldn't have any. The mix veg roll was average too.
The spicy red sauce is not spicy at all. Try the one at the Halal Guys in Chinatown to know what spicy sauce is.If you're in the neighbourhood, past 12am and don't want trashy food - your options are fairly limited. Fortunately, Spice End is a place I'd happily visit even in broad daylight - because they have a decent variety of kathi rolls, and although they aren't the best I've ever had - they are extremely reasonable and well worth having! Good chicken and veg options - and I swear someday I will get to the rice options. (why DO all the halal carts in Philly close by 6pm again??)
TL:DR: Solid late night bet in the Rittenhouse area.The food here was delish! It brought back memories of platters in NYC! The chicken over rice were really good and comforting. Serving size was large enough to last me two days! I came back for the chicken biryani another time- by far my favorite dish! It was rather spicy though so for those who don't like spicy food, it may not be a good fit. There's a small station where you can get the "white sauce"- which you'll need an abundance of if spicy food isn't for you. Nonetheless, the kick was worth it!I am not huge fan of lamb and chicken platter but I must have very high standard since only place I had this dish was Halah guys in NYC. My hub is cart food expert lol and found this place near us. He loves Halah guys so much that he was eager to find something like that in Philly. 
Well.. When I received my platter, was a bit disappointed about the size of meat. Guess I was so used to Halah guys huge portion. And again I am a girl with big stomach! I thought the platter was pretty good, meat was tender and juicy. But the charm of this platter is white sauce!!! At least for me. I am the person eating these kind of platter with EXTRA white sauce and not worry about calories so.... I did put extra white sauce top on my platter. The sauce was not my style. I want something creamier and thicker and still not greasy... Sauce was a bit off for me.... And the portion. Yes haha. 
We haven't back since then... but my friends said they have yummy Kati roll so I might try other dish next time. 
And I am not sitting at the corner of somewhere 6th ave to eat from the tin box so that's plus too.Fantastic Chicken Tikka Roll and Chana Masala Roll. Very friendly staff. Stop in and try it.I ordered the food for delivery. It estimated for 40 mins, after an hour and a half later we decided to leave and not even eat the food. Who knows if the food ever arrived. If you eat here I suggest never to delivered because you'll never get it.Came here on a cold windy evening after a tiring day at the Franklin Institute. We're vegetarian and here is what I would recommend - the achari aloo roll, the paneer tikka roll and the samosas. Skip the other drinks - get the hot piping tea.
We tried the pada pav too but I'd pass if you're looking for something authenticThe food was great and it's awesome that they are open so late on the weekends. The staff is very friendly and very helpful. I would recommend their spice end platter! Always my go to place on a Friday night.I always drive to the halal guys when I'm craving for this type of food, glad I found one in Philly that will take my cravings away :) It's not NYC cart food but it will do, a little pricey but it's good. Friendly service tooGreat hole-in- the-wall Indian Food. Is it quality Indian Cuisine? No. But if you're hankering for some quick Indian Food before you hit the bars, or want to indulge late at night, this place hits the spot. I'll definitely be returning.
The Spice End Platter is off the chain!Drunk Indian food.
This place is for that niche clientele looking for Indian food post partying. It has all the go to staples with a no nonsense way of ordering and consuming. I visited the location towards Logan Square, but there's also a location on South Street. The access and hours are nice - within walking distance of the museum district, and open late for some good greasy nomming. 
Inside, there are small tables set up for indoor dining, and the process to order is fast casual, with register in the far right corner. It's fairly clean, but overall the decor is no frills - casual and minimalistic. Depending on when you go, the crowd in numbers is varied, usually late at night a more imbibed clientele are expected to make an entrance.
The menu is littered with kati rolls, biryani platters, paneer plates, chaat (of course), pav bhaji, etc. There are also specialty drinks (mango lassi is pretty decent!) Overall, hits all the cravings for Indian food - heavy on the stomach, light on the wallet. I found the service simple, though sometimes there's a language barrier, so just have to be careful when asking for changes to established menu items - the customization to the options may be limited. 
If I'm feeling the urge for Indian take out, this place always comes to mind. I wouldn't come here for a dine in experience, but the food is solid so would recommend for anyone looking to appease their Indian cravings.Ordered the anchari rolls and chicken and lamb platter. The rolls were good. Moderately sized. It's basically a chicken wrap with just chicken, onions, and a green spread. Not exactly a robust wrap. The chicken reminded me of a tandoori chicken flavouring. It was ok. 
I did not like the chicken and lamb platter. It tasted and smelled like boiled ground meat. It didn't seem like it was marinated or flavored in anyway. I had to douse it with the white and red sauces to make it taste somewhat edible. I'm not sure if it was supposed to taste like that. The red sauce was good. It was spicy. 
The restaurant is small. Not many customers on a Sunday evening. Most people came in for to-go orders. Parking is street parking and generally bad in that area. 
I'm not sure how this place has such high ratings. The roll was ok and the chicken and lamb platter was just bad. If I needed a quick bite to eat and I was in the general area, I might come in for a roll.Best Indian fast food in the city. They just introduced Pavbhaji and Vada Pav on the menu and they are amazing. Completely bombay style and delicious. Almost 3 years to this place and they have won the lunch/dinner/latenight fast food crowd in center city. This is our go to place in philly after night outs. They also opened up a food truck recently on Drexel campus in university city. Need to check it out soon.Great place to get Indian food when you are on the run or you are looking for a quick takeout. I love their Biryani, Paneer achari roll and Mango lassi. I think they serve the best mayonnaise in town, freshly made every day and I like that their spicy red sauce does not have the strong acetic/vinegar taste to it. Friendly staff and quick service!Delicious!!! Affordable DELISH Indian downtown. So sad they don't deliver to Art Museum. But that just means I go get it. Big portions. Love the creamy white sauce I've never had with Indian before. I had the chef's specialty chicken platter & the chicken biryani. I've gone back for more chefs specialty just because I make good biranyi myself. & there's more meat in the other dish. Yumm-o.Paneer lovers rejoice!  
Spice End's aloo paneer kati roll packed some serious flavor.  Generous amounts of cheese and seasoned potatoes were spread evenly over the warm, chewy paratha & rolled up neatly into a dense little package.  The cooked onions and green sauce (chutney?) also added nice flavor. 
If you're like me and sriracha tastes like ketchup, then you'll have to try the big bottles of Spice End's hot red sauce.  This is what all hot sauces should be like - where heat takes precedence over salt.  
I cooled things down with a deliciously thick and rich mango lassi. With half a lassi & half a roll left over this $11 meal covered both lunch and dinner. 
*Special thanks to yelp & Spice End for a 10% off check in offer!The Kati rolls taste good and are well priced. Unfortunately, I felt nauseous after eating here and have since heard friends with similar complaints.Three stars for the mango Lassi, and I'll throw in another for the food!
I got the lunch special, which is a good value for the variety, but the portions were way too small by Philly standards. I had a side of flavored rice, and a kathi roll.
The Paneer kathi roll was definitely bursting with flavor, I enjoyed every morsel.
The biryani on the other hand just looked like rice with some food coloring.
Now the mango lassi is a whole other story. Thick, creamy, and not too sweet, this reminded me of the Lassi my mom used to make.. I go back here every time now, only to pick up my fix of Lassi!!The Paneer tikka was amazing, probably one of the best paneer Kati rolls I've ever had.I was born and raised in North Jersey and recently relocated down to South Jersey. First that thing I had to do was find a place to get Halal food. I found this place through a Google search and decided to try it since it would be crazy and impossible to get my regular Halal food in New York ( Ultimate Favorite! ).. Anyways, the space is small but just right and it looked clean I guess so I went ahead and ordered the lamb and chicken over rice. The first time eating here was pretty good actually.. Only thing I did not like was that it wasn't as hot as food should be if it had been just made, but I ignored it. Second time around was about a week ago and I placed a pickup. Something seemed off to me, the whole atmosphere was not the same but again I ignored this also. The food again wasn't as hot I would have liked it to be but it was still average. On the other hand, my boyfriend ordered the lamb over rice and was fine until about 20 minutes later. He started feeling so sick, nauseous, and you can only imagine what else. Now I am not sure if it was because of the food so Don't quote me, yet what else was I supposed to think if he was perfectly fine before he ate here. It left me a bit concerned and after getting the weird vibes the times I have gone, I am not sure if I will be going back anytime soon..this place is bullshit. the food tasted like shit and expensive. i dont understand how people like it. i dont trust yelp reviews anymore.Spice end has great kati rolls for relatively inexpensive prices ($5.95).  You absolutely have to get the white sauce on the roll, and if you dine in they'll give you an endless supply of white and hot sauces.This is probably the worst indian food at philly. the chicken biryani with no taste and no salt to taste, with the chef expecting customers to eat lettuce along with its stem. Vada pav soggy with oil. Not recommended for people to eat here except if they have really no option!!!!!I absolutely loved this place. Great serves. My Girlfriend and I shared the Lamb Platter it was a great size.Disclaimer: I'm brown and have had and loved the original kati rolls in a shop called Nizam's in Kolkata, India. With that in mind, I ordered my kati rolls with not so ridiculously high expectations and was prepared to enjoy this joint's own take on this old, famous, street food. We got delivery and the food came earlier than expected. We tried the lamb kabob, chicken achari, and paneer tikka rolls. As a meatatarian, I was surprised to find my favorite was the paneer tikka roll. The paneer was super soft and the coriander chutney was legit. The chicken achari had a good flavor. The lamb kabob was disappointing. I was expecting large chunks of tender lamb but the meat ended up being shredded up and mixed up with too many spices. The flavor ended up being confusing. Also, the sauces were halal cart sauces and not appropriate accompaniments for the rolls. The white sauce would be better as raita (yogurt sauce) instead of this weird mayo herby stuff. I know. As an Indian I'm being too critical. 
Overall a solid place for Americanized kati rolls, not too authentic but good. I would definitely come back. Try the paneer tikka! And they're open late and deliver!Food was very delicious! I can literally devour 2 or 3 kati rolls in one sitting (I'm not fat because I'm sure you can too!). However, considering of the location, I wouldn't say that their food is cheap. One kati roll costs you $7 and $10 for a platter; this reminds me of how cheap & bangin' those chicken & lamb rice platter you can get from the halal food trucks. 
Another thing, aren't restaurants legally required to serve you tap water? I could be wrong, but I wonder if they'll refuse to bring me a tap water if I ask for it.Ordered lunch from here via Grubhub, for myself and with coworkers, on a Saturday Afternoon. Ordered the following with unsatisfactory results:
Veggie Platter - Described on online menu as "A vegetarian's delight, veggie and rice" turned out to just be tomato and iceberg lettuce over pita bread and rice.
Paneer Tikka Roll - described on the online menu as "made with cheese", arrived with what appeared to be egg.
Lamb Kabab Roll - dry and bland.
We also got Mango Lassi for all 3 of us and it turned out to be the only salvageable part of the meal. one of my coworkers brought it back to complain, but the guy in the store would do nothing, so we got a partial refund from the online service later that day.
disclaimer - they did all us when the food was ready to be picked up, but I wasn't able to answer it cause I leave my phone with the rest of my belongings in the back of the store, so I can concentrate on customers. when I originally went to pick up the food, the guy at the counter didn't express any concerns about our order, but when my coworker went back to complain he said 'but we called you to see if you would have a problem with your order being just tomato and lettuce' andsoforth. Guy, if you really cared, you would have mentioned it before you took my money in person and let me walk out the door.
the mandatory star goes to the mango lassi.Had awesome chaach...rolls were pretty decent. Reccomend you to go just for drink. Small place...mostly did take out.MAYO is not RAITA. come on, we might be american but we know yogurt from mayo.Absolutely the best tasting restaurant in the tri state! Their flavors are so hard to duplicate, believe me I've tried! With great prices, amazing food and their around the clock hours, perfect place to go for any meal. Big shout out to all the staff as they are all super nice and friendly!I was looking for new places to try in Philly and this came up highly rated and for a good reasons. The food is/was delicious, staff was friendly and want you to order something you will enjoy. Ask them anything and they will give you an honest answer and opinion. I will be coming back and order from here a lot!I've tried both rolls and platters at this place. Their beef rolls and potatoes rolls are fantastic but I'm never going to order those platters because they just don't taste good. Four stars for the rolls and two stars for the platters.This is an ok place. Don't expect to be blown away by some amazing, delicious, life-changing meal that will forever be remembered as your greatest meal. It's ok. They don't do anything wrong, and I've been a few times due to convenience. The rice platters are a bit overpriced in my opinion, and the naan bread just isn't very good compared to other places. However, the rolls are pretty tasty and filling and are honestly a pretty swell deal. The dude who took my order was nice, and the food came out relatively fast. I went twice for a quick dinner, but think that this place operates more as a lunch joint. Overall 6.4/10 (completely arbitrary)I got the chicken and rice platter. It is a lot of food! I wish they gave your more naan though. Everything was seasoned and tasted really good. The place was empty and our food came out really fast. It tasted great reheated the next day also.very good authentic kati rolls. This is the kind of restaurant that i had been luking for a very long time and found it finally. They have really good quality and authentic kathi rolls. The closest u will get to the ones found on the streets of india.always missed kathi rolls and everytime i went to New York, i'd eat some there and bring some back.. so happy to have found this place in philly!!!
love the Aachari Paneer roll.. really yummy.. the paneer is cooked well..
the chicken tikka and paneer tikka rolls are good.. but not as good as aachari paneer.. 
the chicken is slightly dry..
the aloo roll and aloo-paneer roll are just ok.. found them pretty bland.. the mixed veggie roll - as a roll it wasn't good.. the mixed veggie by itself with roti would have been good.. 
the white sauce and red sauce they give with the rolls are YUM!!!!!!!!!! the red sauce has a good kick to it..
the veg biryani was good..
i have always ordered food for take-out.. never sat at spice end and eaten..
good food for late nights!!! and definitely very filling..Their delivery service is poor, they take about 2 hours to deliver to a center city address. It's a nice quick bite , not so heavy. It's not authentic Indian and not sure what those white n hot sauces are.Delicious!  I love their chicken kati roll sandwich and the one that comes with egg!  Great sauces too!  I'm sure everything there is good!  The atmosphere is not pretty, but we get take-out so we don't care. Highly recommend for take-out!Delicious kati rolls and awsome mouth watering Biryanis!!! On top of that CHHAAS (Buttermilk) makes me reminds of my mom. I Love Paneer (Cottage Cheese) and this is the best place to have it as a Kati roll coz they make it as grilled tikka type paneer with delicious marination. Not at all expensive and stomach filling.This place is the real deal. They make the paratha on premises, so it is nice and fluffy. I had the lamb roll. It is awesome. Don't ask me how they get the meat so tender. Effing delicious. The ambience is pleasant. Tall ceilings. But the art is a bit lacking in the character department. Also not as cheap as one might hope. To get full one needs to rolls at about 6 bucks a piece.For a good late night place to eat I would highly suggest going to spice end. This place is known for their Kati rolls which are amazing and highly recommend getting either the chicken or the lamb. Out of the two I would go with the lamb as I feel that the meat goes well with the vegetables and it's very fresh. The two sauces that they have are a yogurt one and a hot sauce both complement the roll very well. The prices are pretty cheap and if you check in on yelp than it's 10% of your check which you can't go wrong with.I've had the chicken and rice platter and Achari chicken Kati roll here. Quite frankly, the food has been pretty bland but the delicious hot sauce, which I'm under the impression is homemade, fixes that up in a jiffy. I guess the beauty of this situation is that there's an element of customization? The guys who work here are plenty nice, the restaurant is clean, and the service is incredibly quick. It's definitely one of my favorite places to go for a quick meal on that stretch of Chestnut!Great fast food place. My go to orders are either the lamb kebab roll, chicken tika roll or spice end platter. Food is fast and fresh as well as extremely tasty. The owners are also super friendly and great people. This place is open late and a perfect cure for late night munchies. Top notch food that is served fast, but is also very good.