Delicious! Great noodles and broth and veggies. Decent dumplings.  I'm definitely going back.Service was excellent.  There were four of is and two had brought food from a different restaurant.  We asked if it was okay to eat all together.  She said no problem.  So cool!  We all ordered bubble tea which were delicious.  Mango was the table favorite. 
Our server recommended that we get the Sihracha hand drawn noodle.  We were more than satisfied.  We even got to watch them make our noodles in the back! 
I ordered mild and it was spice-ayy. 
My only thing was this was one of two highly rated noodle joints in Chinatown.  Food and service were great but the decor sucked.  Looked like a B rated Chinese takeout spot.As you may have probably experienced there are quite a few good choices when it comes to good authentic Asian cuisine in china town Philly. So here I am on a Sunday afternoon searching through my fellow Yelper's opinions and after seeing 4 stars after 4 stars on most restaurants it comes down to the best reviews, so at last we decided on Spice C seeing that it was actually one of the places we haven't tried in the decades we've been eating in this part of town. 
Gotta tell you we were pleasantly surprised. The service was very good and the food equally as good. We had calamari and jelly fish for appetizers and then followed it up one of their many Pho soups choices. Winner- winner all around good dinner. Small place that was pretty crowded and it appeared to have many locals as they were chatty with several of the tables in a very comfortable way. Next time I'll try something a little more authentic.Eggplant in garlic sauce is the bomb. The noodles are definitely the highlight here, and the steamed or fried dumplings are fantastic as well.Came in here after it being recommended by my uncle. Came back feeling disappointed. It's a plus that the noodles are hand drawn but that's the only thing thats making this restaurant special. 
 I got the fish noodle soup. The fish was nicely cut and tender. However that was it. The soup itself felt bland. The noodles also didn't feel or taste any different from other noodle places. I mean, if you're going to make hand drawn noodles your selling point, at least go through with it. 
My dad had the lamp noodle soup and he said that the lamb was tough while the broth was bland too. I've tried both of our soup's broths and it tasted like they had the same broth. Surprising since the toppings were completely different. Kind of lazy if you ask me. 
My brother had the spicy szechuan beef and whoa, the sauce completely takes over the dish. It was so strong. While it's nice to have a strong punch, after a few bites you just can't take it anymore.Delicious! I am very glad we came. Located in the heart of Chinatown, this store is a gem.  My SO and I stopped here for a snack. The hand-drawn noodles in szechuan sauce were delicious (opt for the slight price increase). The noodles were just ever-so-slightly overcooked but that did not detract from the great flavor of the broth. The meat was tender and very hearty and satisfying. My SO, who has spent many years in Shanghai, said they taste very authentic.The name and logo looks awfully similar to a restaurant just down the street.... I'd give this place a 3.5
Yup, it's another hand drawn noodle place NOT to be confused with Nan Zhou. We thought we'd give this a try and see how it compares with Nan Zhou. Prices look similar and so did the beef noodle soup that came out. I got the sliced beef one, which I also normally get at Nan Zhou. 
The Noodles: you could definitely tell it was hand drawn since they were so different in size. It was strange how my noodles differed in diameter dramatically compared to my dinner dates'. I also found them to be extra tangled. I appreciate that it's homemade and good but I still think it should be more uniform. Also, they really do give you A LOT of noodles!
The Soup: It was good but it just lacked the depth that Nan Zhou's soup has. I also found that it left a greasy film on the lips and I had to constantly wipe them with a napkin.  
The Meat: It was tasty and soft, I'd say better than Nan Zhou. My friend who got the beef brisket, felt like there was too much fat in his and the Nan Zhou one was better. 
Overall, not bad. And if that was the only one around, I'd eat it again. However, since it is a copy cat, I'd still rather go to the original.Great noodle house. Fried pork dumplings were also incredible. Definitely will be back.We ordered a house special noodle, a sezchuan noodle soup and and something in chinese... The waiter brought us 3 bowls of beef noodles. It was ok. Still steamed because of bad service, not letting us know what we ordered....Spice C is one of my go-to spots in Chinatown if I don't know what I want to eat. They have a big selection of noodles, rice, and soup dishes, so I always find something I like there. Their house special beef hand drawn noodle soup is definitely my favorite dish on the menu. Make sure you add the pickled mustard greens on top because it really makes a difference. The noodle soup is really flavorful, and the beef is super tender. Their handmade noodles are out of this world. You can tell that the noodles are made fresh. They know what they are doing when it comes to noodles.After Superstorm Sandy, I hadn't left my house for 4 days and was seriously craving some food that wasn't out of a non-perishable can. A steaming bowl of  hand drawn noodles sounded like just what I needed. I ordered the Wonton Noodle Soup and liked the broth, but would have liked fewer noodles and more wontons and vegetables.Get the house special noodle soup!  I love their shaved noodles.  Tastes so fresh and the thickness and chewiness is spot on.  Portions are big.  Usually lasts me 2 meals, granted I'm on the smaller side.  If you order to go, they'll package the soup and noodles separately so your noodles won't get soggy.I actually returned because Terry C. mentioned that the Noodle with Pork (ja jiang mien) was better here than it was at Nan Zhou. I really like the Nan Zhou one so I decided to come back here to give this same dish a try. I have to agree that I prefer this one to Nan Zhou's since it has a bit more the fermented bean flavor. They also give a hefty portion (though not quite as much as Nan Zhou) and their noodle this time was surprisingly uniform and delicious.
In short... Nan Zhou = beef noodle soup, Lan Zhou = ja jiang mienThe hand drawn noodles are delicious here!! We had the roast pork, house beef, and wonton noodle soups, and all were delicious (well, the wonton noodle soup was a bit underwhelming). The noodles were of the perfect consistency and the portions were generous. The gyoza appetizer was also quite good!
The service was speedy as well. We'll definitely be returning!This is a great little gem in Chinatown. Been here twice so far and I can honestly say is one of the best noodle places in Chinatown. My friends and I wanted to go to Penang down the street but it was so packed! We kept walking and found this lovely place.
The shaved noodles are so unique and something I haven't found anywhere else! The schezwan rice dish is on my list of favorites and any of their noodle dishes are simple and freshly made. The ambiance is simple and casual. Just right for a quick bite in the area. The service is always friendly and efficient.Great noodles and broth. The pots tickers are the best anywhere. I like the beef lover and the hand drawn noodles but either type is good, also try spicy if you can.This is a noodle place that is located right across the Heng Fa Supermarket. It specializes in hand drawn noodles, so I recommend ordering one of their dishes that had hand drawn noodles. I thought they were a little over ambitious in spicy flavorings of their pad thai, but their hand drawn noodles were solid. It's a 3.5 star rating for me. 
What we ordered
We ordered a pad thai and their 3 treasures hand drawn noodles. The pad thai was a little too over flavored- spicy with a big salty punch and there was sweetness. Definitely drink some water down if you're ordering this dish. I thought their 3 treasures hand drawn noodle was better flavored. It is not complex like the pad thai with its ambitious balance of sweet, salty, spicy, and umami. It's a delicate balance between delicious and overspiced and in this case, I guess it's why this place is called "Spice C", this is a little overspiced. 
The 3 treasures noodle was chewy and had a more clean flavor- flavorful, oily, and salty but none of the sweetness and spiciness that other dishes had. Definitely a good pick for someone who's not into complex flavors and wanted to try out a pan fried hand drawn noodle dish here in Philly Chinatown. 9.99$ for both dishes was a fair price - following in line with the other restaurants around with comparable fares, quality, and price. 
Service- Service was a little ghost like. We had to ask for our hot water a couple of times before flagging down another waiter to help us out. They are attentive when they seat you, but kind of ghost on you afterwards.I came in here during lunch after hearing there was good hand drawn noodles in this area. I ordered the seafood stirfry and the only thing good about it was the noodles. The seafood tasted like it was precooked and old.
The vegetables were cold and soggy even the eggs they topped it off with. This dish came out so fast before the other meat dishes which was slightly strange. The dish cost $9 for a seafood dish.
I would not recommend this place to a friend and do not intend of coming back either.The seafood noodle soup in the spicy and the fish tofu is the absolute best! Should mention that I wasn't a fan of their noodles (but the broth is very good) and the pineapple fried rice. Service is always quick and efficient. Needless to say, one of my newly fave restaurants in C-town :).Zack said these noodles were the closest thing to any noodle he ate during his study abroad trip to Beijing in 2008. I believe him. Light on flavor (in a good way), you don't feel sick after eating them. The dumplings were A+ as well. Quick and easy spot for an inexpensive dinner in Chinatown (BYOB, too!).Not a bad place to grab quick Chinese food, but you could definitely do a lot better around Chinatown. I've been here twice with friends and both times the food has been alright. We tried the shaved noodle soup with chicken and vegetables, and the Szechuan spicy soy sauce pork over rice (I usually like more solid foods). I'm no connoisseur of noodles, but nothing about the soup wowed me: the broth wasn't bad but definitely could have used a little more savory chicken flavor. There was a good amount of sliced chicken and noodles were pretty plentiful but just a little chewy and thick enough that you might get tired of them by the end of the bowl. My ground pork dish tasted like soy sauce (big surprise) but didn't have much else to it. The marinated egg that came with it was tasty but the yolk was pretty dry. The plate filled me up but besides that I didn't feel like I ate anything special.
Overall, it's alright place to go if you're in a pinch or want something simple, but not a must-visit of Chinatown. Service was fine but just be warned that it is cash only (although I think there's an ATM by the entrance).This was my first time with hand-drawn noodles. They were chewier than your typical noodle. But otherwise, it's nothing special. The food is pretty cheap but again nothing special.Great place to stop by just in Chinatown. Craving noodles this is place to be for noodles. Noodles and pork schezuan sauce. Potstickers, calamari and other shaved noodles. Noodles are hand made and really fresh tasting. Will definitely come back here if I'm around the area. Trying to find a place like this I'm dc area and I can't. If the store read this you guys should consider opening a place in DC!! You're sure to find me thereEverything I've had here has been good: wings, soup, stir fry noodles, etc. Fair price and quick service. I even saw Philly Celebrity Chef 'Michael Solomonov' (Zahav, Federal Donuts, etc.) get takeout here with his kids, so it must be good!Small bowl of noodle soup was $9.25 and $1.50 for the Szechuan soup base = $10.75; add tip and it was $13. Good but extremely overpriced for what it was. Nice, but nothing extraordinary and certainly not worth the price. Try Nan Zhou at 1/2 cost.The 3 tresure stir fry is awesome...just the chairs are too close so I get bumped a lot...some of the waiters are aggressive but I love the foodHand shaven noodles... Amazing!! I absolutely loved this place. My family and I were walking around, ready to just have a quick dinner anywhere in the area, when we happened upon this place. Boy am I glad we did! 
The broth for my beef soup was so good. Hearty, piping hot, and perfectly aromatic. Then the hand shaven noodles were just so chewy and delicious!! I was super happy with my choice! My brother got the szechuan spicy broth and that was also super good. Great prices for a huge bowl of noodles. 
I'd like to come back to try the hand drawn noodles. If they're as good as the hand shaven then I will be over the moon! :)I came here because my friend recommended it to me. I had the ox tail noodle. WoooooW the ox tail was soft and comes off the bone easy. I usually don't drink the broth from other restaurant but the broth from here was very delicious and I drank the WHOLE thing. The service was very warm and friendly. To all my FB friends you have to try this place, Highly recommended. I Will definitely come again with the whole family.Definitely the best place to eat Nan Zhou ramen!!! The food's size is big enough and the price is not expensive. My boyfriend and my first date was there and we went back there all the time.Solid noodle soup base, which is how I primarily judge my 兰州拉面. for that warmed spicey taste, upgrade to the "Grandfather spicy" special (on the second page of the menu. You won't regret it. I like to get the one with all sorts of beef inside. The noodles are yummy. This is my go-to place whenever I miss my home-cooked Chinese flavors.We arrived in Philly on Thursday morning, it was freezing cold. The trolley we thought were were going to ride on that day were not running. We walked to Chinatown because I was craving for noodle soup. So we yelped and it took us to this place.
When we walked it, it was warm and friendly.  We sat down trying to defrost, and sipped on tea.
My boyfriend and I ordered noodle soup.  He ordered the combination, spicy soup, I ordered duck and wonton noodle soup, their famous pot sticker, egg rolls, and fish balls. 
Everything was good, except I wish my duck had more meat, i only got duck fat and bones. I do recommend the appetizers and the soup.
I just wish they accepted cards. Its really inconvenience especially when you don't carry cash but credit.
Next time I am in Philly I will try this place again and give it another try.I've ate here a few times and I think It's alright, I wouldn't say it's bad. But if you're a noodle person, you might like this place cuz they do got diff kinds and they got spicy flavor.Probably the best soup and Szechuan food generally that I've ever had. I have been coming here on a regular basis for a year or so, and I've never gotten tired of it. Cash only, no frills. But if you're there for the food you won't be disappointed.Delicious, flavorful broth. Terrific Chinese comfort food.就在今天！3月31号！我在这家店吃出来了一条我半个大拇指大的虫子！！！还要收费！！态度超级不好n千万不要再来这家店吃了！！给你一颗星是提醒你要点儿逼脸！！！中国人开店开成这个逼样儿！！！知道为什么一辈子出不去中国城吗！！因为出去活不了！！！！傻逼！！！！I'm surprised by some of the negative reviews.  I think this is one of the best restaurants in Philly.
This place is extremely simple, and extremely minimal.  The menu is utterly terrifying to most westerners...tripe, tendon, cattle viscera, the like.  Order duck, and you'll find a half of a duck--including one foot, in the soup!
There is not much variety: all dishes are basically the same, either noodles with broth on the side, or noodle soup.  The noodle soup has a delicately spiced broth with anise and other spices.  The broth is unique, and is a signature of this place.  I find the broth outstanding, and when I come here, I drink it all up, it's so good.  One of the other reviewers remarked that the broth "needed something", perhaps salt--I actually like the broth because it's less salty though, which is what enables me to drink it all up.  A salty broth, I just pick the food out of and leave to be discarded.  The dishes also all come with cabbage, and there is pickled cabbage, now served on the side (it used to be included on top of the food).  The total effect is that the food is relatively balanced, although still a bit carb-heavy (this is a noodle house, after all).
There are a few appetizers.  I love the dumplings: they are outstanding!!!  Thin, a little meat and scallions, cooked to perfection, I prefer them fried but they're good steamed as well.
The noodles are really good.  You can see them being made fresh in the back; if you haven't had fresh noodles, you'll be very pleasantly surprised, but if you had, you'll probably find this place is a good contender with the best.
Most noodle houses have more variety.  Few have higher quality.  I have become a huge fan of this place.  Oh, and the prices?  Dirt cheap, and very generous portions.LOVE everything about this place!
from noodle to dishes, very authentic and so much flavors and choices... 
the history of Lan Zhou hand drawn noodle is so interesting. I would recomand for everyone to try every dish!
fast for take out, great lunch, dinner, or meeting spot, you will see a mixture of Chinese, American and other people to dine in, so that should said enough about the place :)the shaved egg noodles will remind you of German schnitzel. The broth was good  but could have been a bit more rich and dark to match my ox tail meat. Portions are very generous. Service was fast. Prices are very cheap. Soups are under $7. The dumplings were decent.I enjoyed a wholesome bowl of shaved noodles in lamb soup. The thick and chewy noodles were wonderful, and there was a looot of it. 
It's rare to see lamb in noodle soups. I don't know why because the broth was meaty heaven! I'm not averse to that gamey flavour. The bones are no big deal if you're used to ordering spare ribs for dim sum; this is even easier to eat. My only minor complaint is that the meat was a bit tough.
The place is cramped but you get seated fast, even if you're there for a conference and everyone is rushing out of seminars at noon. Be prepared to share a table if you're going solo.This is my boyfriend's favorite restaurant and it took a while to finally convince him to take me(because it means that much to him!) I was very impressed by how tasty everything was. He got the Dragon & Phoenix hand drawn noodles with regular beef soup as his base, I got the roast pork, chicken, and shrimp hand drawn noodles with spicy Szechuan soup as my base with a marinated egg, and we shared steamed pork dumplings. The regular beef base soup reminds me of the beef broth usually served with pho, a Vietnamese cuisine. It's definitely a delicious alternative to those who don't like spicy food. However, I like spicy food so I got the Szechuan base soup for mine. It was really spicy but that made it a lot more flavorful for me. The roast pork and chicken were cooked very nicely and the shrimp was fresh. The steamed pork dumplings were also very good. 
A small restaurant that might take a while to seat you and it's a fast paced environment. The servers won't constantly check on you as they are running around so you will just have to yell out to get their attention. One of the guys working there was very nice and smiley- more so than the others. Will be returning more when it gets colder!I had the house special hand shaved noodles. Broth was flavorful and the noodles had a nice chewy texture. Service is fast, so it's a great place to go if you're short on time. Like many restaurants in Chinatown, it's cash only.this place is tasty, and food comes out fast.  i had their house special stir fried hand drawn noodle, and would only recommend that particular dish if you've eaten tendons and briskets before, otherwise it may be too authentic for you (in that case, stick w/ chicken, shrimp or beef).  The service is attentive and food comes out really fast and the noodles are so good.  Fantastic comfort food.My very first visit to this place was probably around a year ago. I tell you, when I had my first bowl of ramen noodles here, I fell in love. I'm a big fan of noodles. Whether its instant noodles, pho, or spaghetti, i loved noodles. I ordered the sliced chicken hand drawn noodle soup with a medium level of their Szechuan spices added. I don't really know how to explain how good it is. Its just really that good. Sometimes, I'll take a bite, and then stare into my bowl knowing how blessed I am in that moment. Not before long, I became a regular, coming every week or so. I've tried many things on their menu and nothing has disappointed me in the taste category. Portion-wise, i believe they give a decent amount for hand drawn noodle soups, but for any stir fried dishes, expect less than you anticipate. All of the appetizers are good, especially the potstickers. Customer service is good and better compared to most stores in the area. It is definitely my go to spot in chinatown.Love the Sichuan spicy beef hand drawn noodle soup.  The broth is so rich and tasty.  They also have pickled mustard greens on the table so you can add as much as you like.  The pepper oil is also very fragrant.Design: clean and modern. Best in small groups.
Service: waiter was quick and efficient. Took some time for food to come when we were the only ones there.
Food: nice broth. Price is more for the noodles. Not enough meat.
Price: cheap but could have used better and more meat.
Overall: I rather go to a duck house for noodle soup since its faster, cheaper, and meatier.The Chinese broccoli was awesome! I had the veggie soup with hand drawn noodles. Huge portion, very good and fresh.  Lots of good veggies.台式红烧牛肉面，还成吧。Rather than pure, straightforward (and utterly divine) beef noodle that is the signature of northwestern China, this place goes Taiwan style. In this sense it's inappropriate to be compared to Nan Zhou...The broth is soy-sauce based and deeply saturated by the flavor of beef. The beef tendon's texture is something I really appreciate, and would be heartwarming if I were to have that in winter. The noodles itself, boast to be hand stretched, is pretty legit, but not that amazing. However I've lived in Beijing for most of my life so probably my bar is higher. If you don't have any idea what hand-stretched noodles means, definitely try this one. Besides that I did the eggplant dish in the appetizer. Again, legit, but not raising an eyebrow if I encountered it back home.I have never had shaved noodles before so I'm not sure how this compares to other places. However, that being said, I am pretty much in love. This place is well located and easy to find on a popular corner of chinatown, which is pretty much why we walked in. We were lucky enough to find a table for 4 just walking in, considering it was chinatown on a Saturday night and the area was fairly small.
It looked nice and clean and reminded me of a casual local restaurant I would go to in a college town. Everyone looked like a comfy student trying to get their noodle fix for the night. 
I ordered the Pork Soy with shaved noodles and it was amazing (kind of spicy and really flavorful) and a pretty good portion. The noodles were really nice and chewy. I also ordered a taro bubble tea (pretty average.) The best part is that my entire meal was about 10 dollars. The only slight downside is that there is a $15 minimum for credit cards so be prepared for that.
Other than that, our server was really nice, incredibly helpful (my indecisive ordering skills are out of control), and refilled water without having to call her over. I cannot wait to come back here and try something new next time.My new favorite noodle soup place(also the stir fry noodles). I have heard about this place but today I actually walked in and the waitress was really nice. The place was clean, the only issue I had was the bathroom. I ordered the double love stir fry noodle, the beef noodle soup, also the garlic wings. The noodles came before the garlic wings which was kind of funny because the wings were supposed to be my appetizer but whatever it was still good. But oh my god the stir fry noodles is one of the best noddles I've ever tasted! I came from a country where noodles are our breakfast and oh that noodles was definitely my favorite so far. I can't wait to come back and try more noodles(I got the hand drawn, I think it's better).The hand pulled noodles were awesome. Bouncy with a good chew. I had the spicy Szechuan broth in the house brisket and tendon bowl. Super savory, nice spice level. Also had the garlic sauce eggplant app. Very tender, sweeter than expected...not amazing, but pretty good. The place is small, inviting, clean and well-appointed, and the staff is always friendly and helpful.They should be called Spice A cause their food was not C level.
I have no idea why their restaurant is called C. but it was Crazy good. The amount of meat they put in their beef noodle soup was the most I have ever gotten in Chinatown. So for value most def worth the money.
I love good beef noodle soup and their soup base is on point. I really do like their noodles too. 
Now I just need to go back and try something else. I hope the quality is the same.Decent spot for lunch.  We had the dumplings, pan-fried, the soy sauce pork noodle, and the sliced beef noodle soup.  
The pros:  Dumplings, pan-fried, were delicious.  We both agreed these were some of the best we've had.  Plenty of chive and a delicate flavor.  The noodles themselves were also quite good, texture-wise.   My boyfriend liked his soy sauce pork, though the fermented taste of the black bean paste was a little overpowering to me.  I think it's a matter of taste though.  
The cons: The broth for the noodle soup needed something.  Maybe salt?
Overall, quick, cheap, clean, and tasty.Best hand drawn noodle soup in Philly - absolutely no contest. The noodles are stretched evenly to the perfect chewy consistency. The Sichuan broth is numbing, spicy, savory, and just a touch sour as it should be. The pickled veggies on the table are perfection - I practically dump the whole container into my bowl each time. The serving size is way too big, but that's okay because the soup heats up nicely and tastes even better the next day. 
My one complaint is that you are not allowed to customize your toppings. The pre-chosen combinations are just not vast enough to please every eater. In this respect, Spice C should really take a tip from pho restaurants, where you can pretty much get any combination of toppings imaginable.
When snow hits and those soup cravings start to get you, consider Spice C. There's not much that could warm you better than a hot bowl of spicy soup. Your taste buds will thank you.Came here for the first time yesterday, to satisfy what was originally a hankering for ramen and I'm glad my boyfriend knew of this place and changed my mind. After Yakitori Boy, Spice C might be my second favorite place to eat in Chinatown. And there's a lot of competition, because Chinatown is such a hotspot of so many wonderful foods, if I moved to this part of the city I would eat noodles and duck and sushi every meal of every day of the week.
Anyway, onto Spice C. It has a modest, small dining area and while it looks bland compared to the newer, fancier places populating Chinatown, give your eyes a rest and let your nose do the work for you. Because Spice C smells like Heaven. If Heaven were a noodle place. Which, it might be.
I ordered the hand-drawn noodles with jumbo shrimp, szechuan style, medium heat. My boyfriend got the house special, which I think is different cuts of beef. The soup came out amazingly fast, and my first bite had me seeing stars. Because it was spicy. And I'm just a poor little white girl with White People Taste Buds. Seriously, I think I have a good grip on spice but the medium Szechuan surprised me. Did not stop me from demolishing that entire dang bowl of every last noodle, however. And this was a big bowl of soup! The noodles were perfect, and there was a lot going on in that bowl. Mushroom root, and bok choy floating around in the broth.
The shrimp were large, but I only got 4 or 5. Not the worst amount. I could have eaten 13 or 15 because they were that good, firm but tasty. 
We also split an order of spring rolls. Crunchy, flaky, stuffed with chicken and shrimp. I also could have eaten a plateload of those things. 
Keep doing your thing, Spice C. I'll definitely be back for more delicious soup on these cold winter nights. Be here when its 90 degrees in summer, too. Next time however, I'll probably take the waitress' skeptical look to heart when I asked for medium heat. I'll probably punk out and do mild next time.I was told to come here when I was in Philly next, and I'm so glad I did. The pork dumplings were the best this white girl has ever had- perfectly crispy yet light. The noodle soup was what we came for though and shaved or hand drawn, both bowls we got (medium schezuan spice) really hit the spot, especially on this 20 degree day. It's cash only fyi. So good!So good left me with cravings! (This past weekend went to a noodle place around the corner that did not live up). 
My husband convinced me to get the shaved noodles & I picked shrimp and chicken. 
He got seafood, hand pulled. We both opted to pay $1.50 extra each for Sichuan (which seems a bit steep for spices). Both of our dishes were excellent but I preferred the hand drawn. 
We started with pa dumplings. Loved them. We left full and wishing we came with more people so we could have tried more dishes. Can't wait to go back and try more!This place is the best. Their noodles are delicious. I hade their house special hand drawn noodle spicy so good. Their calamari was good but their spicy wings wasn't to my liking it tasted weird and too salty.A rare thing it is to find a well made noodle, and Lan Zhou Hand Drawn Noodle House is indeed a flawless diamond in a sea of coal. Being northern Chinese I have a very strong opinion of hand drawn noodles, and the ultimate test was the thick noodles with Lamb. When done correctly, it is near impossible to screw up the lesser degree of difficulty of thin noodles with duck and easier dishes. To explain that statement one only needs to remember the difficulty in maintaining the texture and structure of a thick noodle, while containing the essence of a lamb broth without overpowering one with a gamy feel. 
To this end, Lan Zhou did not disappoint. The noodle was firm, and provided that xian flavor that all good broth has. The ambiance is what one would expect in a row style restaurant in the middle of Chinatown, and is homely yet immediately transported back in to a restaurant in Beijing. The only reason I have not given this place a 5 star is the pig ear/intestine/tripe combo, as it did not have enough seasoning. Otherwise a great place for any in Chinatown.I had to give Yummy a try...to see if it is better (i had doubts going in), same, or worse than my favorite noodle house (Nan Zhou Hand Drawn). 
It's between same to worse. It's not bad. Just not same or better. 
1. Service- Actually...I prefer Nan Zhou. At least they refill water when I am there. The food comes out a lot quicker. We had two tables of 6 (because the only large table which can fit 6 was occupied by 4 people- go figure) and the dumplings came out quick (within 5 mins). Noodles must have come out about 5-7 mins later. Friendly service. 
2. Decor- Much nicer and more tables. But I really prefer the hustle and bustle of Nan Zhou. I really don't need a chandlier when I am eating oh-so-delicious noodles. They do have a better viewing for the noodle making. Bigger kitchen view than Nan Zhou.
3. Soup- Doesn't compare. It tastes almost gamey. Not as rich and deep as Nan Zhou. Didn't like it at all. 
4. Noodles- This is where I think Yummy is the similar (not better!) as Nan Zhou. Slightly softer (maybe my bowl sat too long in the kitchen?). Reminds me more of ramen noodles (which I love equally) than the elastic and chewy hand drawn version at Nan Zhou. It's definitely not the same. I tried two items:
*Meatballs with hand drawn- don't like the meatballs. It's more like wontons but the wrapper/skin has a weird texture.
*Noodle with Pork (ja jiang mien)- I LIKE this much more than Nan Zhou. It's not as greasy. Comes in a bowl. and the flavor is more like the traditional ja jiang mien. It has more fermented bean flavor than Nan Zhou. 
I agree with the other reviewers. You would think they would play on Nan's weakness by providing better decor (yummy wins but see my explanation above), better food (nan zhou wins by landslide), better service (tied although i like nan zhou more) and better everything. But Nan Zhou wins because the food trumps the decor and service.Give me all the noods at Spice C. The restaurant is in the middle of Chinatown and a good enough size that it isn't too small and cramped. I haven't strayed far away from the hand drawn noodles but I like mixing up the meats. All my choices: special beef, pork rib, and wonton, have been big hits. The Szhechuan Spicy is definitely worth the extra money (treat yo self) and I appreciate that the pickled mustard greens are right at the table for you to add as much as you desire. The broth is always well balanced and not too salty. The noodles are plentiful with a good amount of chew (they do soften as you eat but never get mushy). The meats are tender and flavorful and complement everything well.
I've ordered the cucumber side dish as a nice cool contrast to the hot noodle soup and also the szechuan wings. The wings are flavorful and have the addicting numbing affect but are a tad oily (unavoidable when the main flavoring is pepper oil).
Overall, I gladly call Spice C a dependable regular and also happily take any visitors. Be warned, CASH ONLY or pay the hefty ATM fee to the ATM in front.The food was cooked fresh and tasted great. Note it's cash only so make sure you have cash!I think i meant to go to the other noodle shop! I still have yet to find it...anywho, i came here twice with my boyfriend. The waitress was very kind both times and the interior decor isn't so bad! I actually thought it might be a little cramped.. But it wasn't! The food is okay..the noodles itself are very good. The broth is a teeny bit bland for my liking though. The meat is great!One of my favorite spots in Philly's Chinatown. Overall similar to Nan Zhou Noodle House, and I've been to both places several times. It's usually easy to get a seat here even for dinner. I almost always get the House Special soup noodles with shave noodles, which they make by basically getting a big hunk of noddle dough and slicing off thick noodle pieces with a sharp knife into boiling soup. It's pretty much the best thing ever if you like chewier noodles with more texture. I loved these style of noodles in Taiwan and was ecstatic to find out there was a similar place closer to home. The hand-drawn noodles are quite good as well, as are the appetizers. Take out is quick too, maybe 10-15 min between placing order and having warm, soupy goodness ready to take home!I came back and this place is actually wheel chair accessible. There is a ramp on the sideOops, I went to the wrong one?
Although I believe this is the less famous of the two Lan Zhou hand drawn noodle houses, I thought this place satisfied my taste buds. 
I ordered the beef noodle soup with the hand drawn noodles. It was flavorful and had a good soup to noodle to beef ratio. The noodles were al dente and had just enough chew - exactly how I like it, and the unlimited pickled vegetables on the table is also a plus. 
I'll have to try the other Lan Zhou hand drawn noodle place in Philly's China town before I reach my verdict as to which one is best, but for now, this is a solid place for comfort food.Went again today. SO GOOD per usual. Pork dumplings. Hand drawn noodles. Nuff said. As a reminder, this is a cash only business. Service is attentive.Went there a few times. Noodles are yummy. The last time I was there I found a hair in my bowl. Which I know isn't mine since I have blue hair. Told the waitress and everyone acted like I planted the hair. One of the waiter took my bowl and walked away saying "the bowl is half way eaten". The manager came out and told me he can give me 50% off my bowl since the bowl I ordered was big. Horrible customer service but then again it's Chinatown so I can't expect much. Won't be going there again.Today the line at Nan Zhou Noodle House was kind of long, so we decided to try this place. I got the Double Love (beef brisket + sliced beef) noodles and my friend got the sliced beef noodle soup. Mine was barely even warm and the portion was so small that I left hungry. It did not seem fresh at all and lacked flavor. My friend said that his was mediocre at best, and that the beef had a gamey/pungent smell to it. We both agreed that this place is subpar compared to Nan Zhou. I guess that's why it was quiet here on a Friday night vs. the long line at Nan Zhou. Won't be eating here again...This place is awesome! We got their fried dumplings and Szechuan style spicy shrimp noodle soup with hand drawn noodles. Both were . We will definitely be going back!!!Not an expert in hand drawn noodles but they were so fresh and perfectly cooked. Deliciously al dente. (Can I use that word to describe Asian noodles?) Only drawback was the service. It was difficult to get the server's attention, but it was really busy.We went for our friend's birthday. We started with a bunch of appetizers which were all very tasty. My fiance and my friend each got the hand drawn noodle soups and both loved it. My fiance got the super spicy lamb noodle soup. He loves spicy food and got the highest level of spicy. Delicious!
Our friend got the duck and wonton added roasted pork soup. She said it was so so good. 
I got the hand drawn stir fried noodles. It wasn't anything great but I would go back for the soup. 
FYI they don't serve alcohol.On a cold 40 deg Autumn day, we wandered around Chinatown and into Spice C to get ourselves warmed up.  Their big bowls of noodle soups did the trick.  It wasn't that busy with a few open tables around noon.  It's pretty cool that there's a big tub of pickled vegetables on every table with a mini tub of hot chili oil and Sriracha sauce.  We ordered Pork Spare Rib and the House Special Beef noodle soups, both with hand drawn (pulled) noodles.  Knife shaved noodles was the other option, but I like the texture of hand drawn because the extra working/pulling of the dough gives the noodle that nice chewiness when you bite into it.
Our big bowls arrived steaming and we dived in.  Soon we were among all the other patrons with our faces planted in our bowls with glasses steaming up and joined in making slurping noises heard throughout the restaurant.  We also ordered a plate of stir fried Chinese broccoli which was drenched in garlic (a good thing), coming up for air and a stalk of broccoli and diving back into the noodle bowl.  I loved the flavor of the broth and the chunks of stewed beef flanken, tendon and tripe.   I was both satisfied and disappointed when I soon made it to the bottom of the bowl.  Tempting as it was to order another, that would have to wait for a return trip as I sloshed out of there.I do love noodles and these noodles have great textures and taste. If you sit close to the kitchen you can actually see them being freshly made. If you like spicy, you can make everything Szechwan spicy.Amazingly good. Seaweed salad was perfect. Noodles uber tender.We really loved this place. This is a cash only restaurant, btw. We ordered the hand pulled noodle soup (one house special and one 3 treasures). And for started we had the fried spring rolls which were perfectly hot and crispy. The soup was served in a huge bowl. It was hot and tasty. The noodles had the perfect elasticity and texture. I couldn't finish my soup so we packed it to go! Great food, def recommend.As much as I hate to do it, this review will basically just be a verbal Venn diagram comparing Yummy Lan Zhou to Nan Zhou Hand Drawn a few steps away. It won't be super colorful or even that interesting, but since I know many people are just wondering "Is it better or worse than Nan Zhou??", hopefully it will at least be useful. Broken down into categories:
- Decor: Yummy blows Nan Zhou out of the water on this one. Shiny new table tops AND a chandelier??
- Space: It's weird not having to wait to be seated whilst cramped in a door frame and half your party spilling out on the front steps. Another one to Yummy.
- Menu: While they are very similar (even in their choice of font and layout), Yummy's is a bit more extensive. They include an entire section for "chow hand drawn noodle" (served dry). It lacks the peanut butter noodle of Nan Zhou though, which saddens me slightly.
- Price: More or less the same.
- Service: Both restaurants deliver the food at lightning speed, though without a hint of a friendly smile or a "how is everything going here?" There is no real winner. But then again, this is Chinatown.
- Broth: Hand it over to Nan Zhou. Yummy's broth is good, but not quite as aromatic.
- Meat: Varies from bowl to bowl. I would say Nan Zhou's is generally more tender and less fatty, but the next person might say the opposite.
- Vegetables: Yummy adds a LOT of the sour vegetable and in much larger pieces. This is something I personally like, but I can see why it might be a negative for others.
- Noodles: Gotta admit, they both are damn good at making noodles. I would agree with a previous reviewer that the ones at Yummy are a little less consistent. Slight win for Nan Zhou.
- Chili oil: I personally believe Nan Zhou has the best chili oil in all of Philly Chinatown, so I was pretty disappointed with the bright red, less flavorful, overly oily sauce at Yummy. That's a pretty crucial loss for them. 
I haven't yet had the zha jiang mian at Yummy Lan Zhou, which is one of my most favorite things at Nan Zhou, so until then, the verdict is still out. I wonder if having these two competing hand drawn noodle houses will work to their favor (like when there are two Starbucks on the same corner), or to their ultimate demise (like when there are two mediocre looking men fighting to the death over the affections of a woman neither can have). Only time will tell.Came here after finding that the original handdrawn noodle shop was closed (but apparently has reopened down the street...)
The interior is certainly cleaner and brighter but misses the charm of a no-frills noodle joint. The wait time, however, decreases since there are a lot more tables.
The differences are small - this shop's noodles are less chewy, and I find the broth more salty. The beef noodle soup doesn't come with the pickled vegetables, so they're unlimited and you add them in yourself (I think this contributes to the saltier content of the soup).
I do prefer the original store, but since it's closed, I won't mind coming here.I had the beef tendon hand drawn noodle soup, the broth was pretty flavorful (on the salty side) and noodles were not too bad. I also tried the dried hand drawn noodle with shrimp, pork, and chicken. This is my second time having hand drawn noodles and for some reason I was expecting something fantastic but I wasn't too impressed. I left the restaurant feeling like I needed to drink 3 bottles of water.Restaurant is clean. Soup base is good. I took beef, tendon, and brisket, which is tender. Price is reasonable.My one of the favorite restaurants in Chinatown. I love their spicy noodles, tastes authentic! I'm giving 4 stars because I think they are a little overpriced and I don't like it's cash only.The steamed dumplings are great! The 3 Treasures Soup with shaved noodle is flavorful, with a generous helping of chicken, shrimp and roast pork. The prices are reasonable too.Shaved noodles can be really addictive esp when spicy broth is added to the mix~~ I ordered the veggie with tofu shaved noodles in their spicy broth with a side order of pot stickers. Amazingly the food came out in less then five minutes.  My only complaint is that they should severe tea for every table. Other then that this place is good for a spicy bowl of noodles on a chilly day.The hand drawn noodles are delicious. i don't live in Philly, but when I'm in town I make it a point to eat at Spice C.This was the first noodle house we have been to and it was delicious.  Since our first visit was have been back many times.  Perfect for a quick inexpensive meal of soup.  We had the roasted duck with hand shaved noodles and ox tail soup with hand drawn noodles.  Everything was very tasty and filling.  The pickled cabbage on the tables is a plus while you are waiting for your soup.Came here a few nights ago for a late dinner- I mistook this place for Nan Zhou Hand Drawn Noodle house.  Oh well. 
Got the standard Beef Brisket Noodle Soup...and a side of pot stickers.  
While the noodle soup wasn't "blow my mind-amazing", it was solid.  The noodles had the proper slightly chewy texture, and the broth wasn't too salty.  Good balance, but on the light side in regard to beef flavor in the broth. Downside was that the beef was on the tough side and was chewy.  Not tender by any stretch of the imagination. 
The pot stickers were pretty good- leek and pork filling with a sweet dipping sauce.  The pork filling looked homemade, as it did not have the typical "ball of stuff" texture as you find in frozen dumplings.  The texture was more stringy (in a good way), almost like pulled pork texture.  
3 stars for solid food, and an extra half star for how quick the food came out. 3.5 is an appropriate rating for this spot.I would highly recommend this place. It is delicious and also not so expensive. We are four and spent 79 dollars. The spicy noodle is great!!Place is good, good prices but also smaller portions. 
I would try it again...the dumplings here were great.  I got the bubble tea as well.  Pretty good (tea-do is better).  Singapore rice noodles were good a well.Just had dinner here today and it was okay.  I had the beef brisket noodle soup and the fried dumplings.  The fried dumplings were okay but I've had better.  It came out lukewarm and not piping hot.  The beef brisket noodle soup was good but not as good as Nan Zhou.  The meat was tough, had alot of fat and tendon, and it was too chewy for my taste.  The noodles were pretty good but the broth was not as flavorful as Nan Zhou.  Like some of the reviewers mentioned, the decor and atmosphere is way nicer.  However, if I want a good bowl of noodle soup, I'm heading to Nan Zhou.We stopped in for lunch today after seeing it on our way to the grocery store and Tasty Place for takeout due to sheer curiosity. The food was pretty meh. We had the steamed dumplings, which were just passable and the fried tofu skewers, which was okay but the skin was not as crispy as it could have been.  The shrimp with broccoli lunch special was very salty, greasy and had a very thick oily sauce. It also only came with 4 shrimp. The only nice aspect was that the rice was a nice sticky jasmine, which I did like. The house special noodle soup with the hand pulled noodles was okay but the noodles themselves are not as amazing as Lan zhou's which have a better, chewer texture. The broth was okay and the fried egg was a nice touch although I prefer a semi cooked yolk and this was a very well done. The service was not very good. Our server was very spacey and did not even know the menu well. Meaning he didn't know the difference between a combination plate and an entree size. Or that the steamed dumplings are meat only. We also had to ask twice for takeout containers and our check - all from the same waitress. It's okay I suppose if you are just looking for a passable bite but make sure that you also have plenty of patience.  We waited a long time for our food.This is a great place for some cheap noodles. I am not a huge fan of the shaved noodles, but I very much enjoy the hand drawn noodles. They're firm yet tender, like they should be. 
I've ordered the duck and taro just for curiosities sake. And I must say, I was definitely impressed. The duck was a bit boney, but that's to be expected of chinese style duck. The taro was cooked tender. The broth was delicious. Everyone that knows noodles that 90% of what makes or breaks a dish is the broth right? Well now you know.I've been here twice and could not resist the tofu& veggie Szechuan soup either time. Great spices, great heat and the hand drawn noodles have a great texture and flavor. Sometimes a 'water' or vegetarian broth has a weak flavor, but there's none of that here. 
The eggplant and garlic sauce appetizer was also great and I really enjoyed the cold vegetable appetizer when there last. 
I gave four stars as I am coming to understand Szechuan spice includes more than face-melting heat. As I understand (and I certainly have more to learn), elements like a mouth numbing should be present, which I did not find in that special Szechuan soup. 
Plenty of heat to be found here, but nuance is missing.I loved the experience at Spice C. 
Maybe NYC's Chinatowns have these kinds of restaurants and I haven't found them, but to find a clean, affordable spot with hand-pulled noodles was a godsend on a cold day in a different city. 
Lured in by the glowing Yelp reviews, my partner and I walked into Spice C and were warmly greeted and told to sit wherever we'd like. Even though I was cold, I somehow felt compelled to sit by the window where it was slightly drafty. But anyways, perusing the comprehensive menu was distracting. They have a ton of noodle options: soups, stir fries, broths, etc... they also have regular dishes and appetizers. I opted for a pork dumpling soup with hand-shaved noodles (the thick, chewy kind) and nixed the spicy Szechuan broth. The spicy broth costs $1.30 more and I'm a cheap douche.
With just a touch of Sriracha, chili oil, and Chinese pickled cabbage, this soup was on point! Flavorful with multiple dimensions and incredible textures. My heart was warmed as was my belly.Yummy's ox-tail soup with hand drawn noodles just wasn't yummy enough for me.  Those were the smallest, toughest mother-f-in ox-tails I've ever eaten.After an exhausting drive from Pittsburgh my daughter and I walked around the corner from our hotel and happened on Spice C.  We both agreed they were some of the best noodles we had ever had.  They only take cash but this seems to be a common theme throughout PA, so it wasn't a surprise.  Will definitely go back to try the spicy noodle soup!Went here with my boyfriend. I got the hand shaved while he got the hand drawn, both in beef soup. I preferred in the hand shaved better. The broth was good, but definitely not a must have. The service was very slow and the place was felt a little messy and cramped.  It is cash only, but there's an atm machine located outside which us very convenient.I got the house special beef noodle soup--absolutely delicious. The amount of noodles is more than enough, the portions are a perfect size. I personally got the spicy broth, and it was fantastic, not too hot, but not too weak. The beef had a lot of fat however (probably for flavor, though) and the tea we were served was not very good. Those things aside, it was still a great meal and I would gladly come back.
It's great being able to visit a "town" where the food isn't all takeout--it's high quality, delicious food. If you're in the mood for noodles or even just soup, this is the place as far as I'm concerned.I've been here twice. The first time I had Roasted Duck shaved noodle soup. The shaved noodles was good - it's more doughy than their hand drawn. The roasted duck itself was very good, full of flavor and go well with the broth. The second time, I had the Ox Tail hand drawn Noodle. The noodles reminds me more of ramen noodles type rather than the elastic and chewy hand drawn version at Nan Zhou. It's definitely not the same. I like the texture at Nan Zhou better.The oxtail was just OK; I found the meat kinda tough. The broth is good, but not quite as aromatic as Nan Zhou. The thing that I like about here better than Nan Zhou is that they have a pickled cabbage container at your table and you can put as much as you want in your bowl. I love pickled cabbage. I thought that Nan Zhou doesn't put that many in the soup. Also, the decor here is definitely much nicer than Nan Zhou.
In conclusion, I think Nan Zhou is better, but nonetheless, Yummy Lan Zhou  is just as good and usually you do not have to wait for a table. I just gotta make sure when I'm here, just get the shaved noodle instead of hand drawn.Came here because my old go-to Nan Zhou hand drawn noodle house changed owners and it's just not the same anymore (sadness). I had the sliced beef noodle soup here and was very happy - the noodles were perfectly chewy, the beef was tender and flavorful, and the broth was decent too. Perfect for a cold winter day. I will be back!I can't believe I haven't reviewed this place already. This is one of my absolute favorite places to eat. The hand drawn noodles are just too tasty with the delicious broth they have. I could eat here almost every day of the week. One of my tops in all of philly.If you ever been to another place called Nan Zhou in chinatown and prefer a better dining environment, then this is your choice. 
However if food matters more to you, then turn around, walk out the door and one block north is Nan Zhou. That's much better noodle. This is mediocre food.I come here all the time to get the same thing - roast duck noodle soup. I think one of the servers knows who I am now. Although I usually order just the roast duck, the Ma Pao tofu is amazing. In all of Philadelphia, Spice C has the quickest service I've ever experienced. I can't find a better noodle house in all of Chinatown.Food was great, although service was slow. Many of the waiters were eating in the back while we were waiting. I liked the handmade noodles - nice flavor and authentic taste.Eating here was one of my finest "Oh, let's give this a try!" moments. As I was trying to find my way to the hotel I was staying at, I drove by here. After my friend and I checked in, we realized a five hour car ride with no food left us famished. We made our way over to Spice C, and the rest is history. First of all, there's vegetarian options. That alone made my heart sing. Little did I know, I was rejoicing far too early. 
That food tho? Bruh. Bruhhhhh! I'm sitting in Massachusetts thinking about when I'm making my way back to Philly. I only want to eat noodles that are hand pulled and filled with love. Forget anything store bought. True enlightenment came when I tasted my food. The broth, the noodles, the perfectly crisp vegetables... YUM!!!I am definitely a big fan of this place. There are really good noodle places in Chinatown where you can find shaved and hand-drawn noodles, but Spice C is by far my favorite! It's nice that there are different broth options and when I learned about the Szechuan spicy broth was delicious, I did not hesitate for one second to get this with my hand-drawn noodle. I  ordered the House Special, which comes with pieces of beef, brisket, and tendon. The beef was very tender and they definitely give you your money's worth. The soup also comes with chinese mushroom and a lot of noodles. This soup did not disappoint one bit. Szechuan food can get pretty spicy and can reach levels of discomfort, but I got my soup "medium" spicy, which was the perfect amount of spice! 
If you like beef soups like I do, I definitely recommend the House Special. My friends also rave about the wonton soup--either the roast pork & wonton or the duck & wonton. Apparently, their wontons have great flavor and comes with lots of filling. I'm definitely trying this the next time I'm there. 
Service was great as well. This place is BYOB and they have cute little glasses for you. Overall, I'm glad I tried this place and I look forward to trying their other noodle dishes in the future!Ordered the 3 Treasures from their Noodles section for under $10, and I must say it was really good! I would like to come back and try some other of their items. The only caveat with this place is that the credit card minimum is $15, which forced me to use their ATM and accept a $1.75 fee.I consider myself quite spoiled and/or fortunate to be able to say that I live in a city where there are two hand drawn noodle houses to choose from. And I feel like more of a true Philadelphian, or like less of a transplant, in being able to confidently say I have a favorite- it's Lan Zhou. The most important thing about a noodle house is that it have delicious noodles and noodle soups. The hand shaved lamb noodle soup I had here was so simple, but so hearty, and the noodles were absolutely perfect. The picked vegetables they provide added a nice crunch/tang, but I think this might be the first time I ate almost the entire bowl of a noodle soup. I was painfully, but happily, full afterwards. Winner winner.I've given Nan Zhou Hand Drawn Noodle 3 stars, so this review should speak for itself. 
I prefer Lan Zhou over Nan Zhou any day.  It's cleaner, the shaved noodles are more uniform, the meat is more tender, and the soup is more flavorful.  I also can't be bothered to wait in line for a run of the mill Chinese noodle soup place.  This is quick, 'get in and get out' type of Chinese food that's supposed to fill you up and keep you moving.  But I am also a non-believer in other cult institutions like Shake Shack, so take this review with a grain of salt. 
I really enjoy the anisey flavor of the broth at Lan Zhou and find it really opens the appetite - i.e. I can almost finish a bowl of the noodles.  One of my favorites is their short rib noodle soup.  It comes with flavorful pieces of kalbi, which seem to have been marinated or cooked separately from the soup.  The meat has deep flavors of its own, separate from the broth.   The beef brisket is also tender and flavorful, but I would steer clear of the ox tail - they slice it thin, which obviates the falling off the bone cooking technique that is essential to ox tail slow cooking.  The hand drawn noodles are cooked perfectly, leaving very slightly al dente.  You can watch the chef throw and draw the bunches of noodles around through the large window at the back of the shop.
The food is simple and the broth is clear, but this is definitely a pleasant place to enjoy some wholesome, dare I say, yummy noodle soup.  The last time I went, one customer asked the waitress what goes into the pork chop noodle soup, besides pork chop and noodle.  Soup, officer, soup.i enjoyed this little place in PA because there food is amazing. i had some shanghai rolls and some ramen with the boyfriend. There food is affordable and worth-it. They also make their noodles by hand everyday or per order which is really great!! I had some regular beef brisket noodles and my bf had some spicy chicken and beef brisket noddles which is really spicy and tasty!!As a college student, I am always looking for top quality food for a reasonable price. Yummy's Hand Drawn Noodle House is a new favorite of mine. The service was friendly, the interesting music led to the relaxing ambiance and most importantly, the food was great! I had a simple "roast duck noodle soup" for my first meal there. It was absolutely delicious and I completely fell in love with the mushrooms within as well. A good experience!beware! got a counterfeit money of $10 as change after giving them $40!! never go again!!!1 st time coming here, noodles were fresh everything was fresh!  I ordered a #2 noodle it's been awhile since I had noodles this fresh!  The veggies were fresh, the only thing that was a little disappointing was the soup base had a tad too much msg, if that was more flavorfull using natural ingredients, it would be awesome!   Steamed dumplings were amazing!  I also ordered fried chicken, nothing special about them.  It's very full filling!We went here for Christmas dinner. Service was quick and friendly. I got the vegetarian hand drawn noodle spicy soup and it was fantastic. So much flavor and spice and heat. Very filling and cheap. We had the pickled veggie and mushrooms for an app and it had lots of flavor too. Garlic, salt, vinegar, soy, etc. I already want to go back again.Cash only.
The deco in the restaurant is simple and pleasant.
The food came out relatively fast. The service was good but you have to ask for it which was tiring. We asked for different items 4 times including napkins during our visit. 
The texture of the hand drawn noodle was very good. However, the Special Beef Noodle broth was watery. The Special Lamb Noodle broth was watery as well. Adding hot and spicy option costs $1.50 per bowl which is nickeling and diming the customers - Never encounter this in any of the restaurants we visited in Chinatown. The spicy oil was made from beef fat and it left an unpleasant after taste.  A noodle soup without good broth is very disappointing. 
The hand cut noodle was thick and chewy, not much of flavor. 
After eating at this restaurant, I experienced unquenchable thirst extended to the 2nd day. Not sure what in the noodle or broth caused this. This usually happened to me when there were MSG in the food.This place was really good. And by really good, I do mean that I wanted to go back the next day (but held back my fatty self and didn't). 
I got the spicy Szechuan sliced noodle with sliced beef -- I found the broth very flavorful, beef tender, and I added the pickled vegetables they have on the table for that traditional kick. The portions were enough for two meals for me, so I got my bang for my buck!
The one thing that would have brought this meal to a 5 star is service -- My server did not tell me by adding " spicy" would be an additional charge. When I ordered my sliced beef with shaved noodle soup he just asked " spicy or not spicy". I wasn't too upset because it was darn delicious, but imagine if it wasn't!? I would be pretty upset. Even still, it's the principle. 
Needless to say, I will be backDelicious spicy stew with beef flank, beef brisket, and tendon. Flavorful but the only complaint I have is that the soup is too salty.Everything was so yummy. I order the Hot Pot Seafood bowl , Szechaun Chicken and crab Rangoon. Yes! I'm such a greedy little girl .LOL!!I have eaten here probably 30 times for the same noodle dish. I like it a lot and it is cheap ($5.40 including tax). The last time I was there two nights ago, the waiter asked me if it was my first time there, even though I have conversed with him 10 times. I guess for a white guy, we all look alike.I've been eating Asian food since 1975... Vietnamese, Chinese, Cambodian and Malaysia included! This is one of my top 4 in over 35 years. Spice C's flavors are uniquely addicting and fulfilling. Your meal will stay in your memory and taste buds hours after you leave the restaurant. If I lived closer I would be visiting their family owned and run Mecca more than once a week. John A GialucoService was mediocre, three waitresses came by to get our drinks and on the third try they got it. The shaved noodles were my favorite, but the sauce wasn't great. The eggplant for an appetizer is amazing, especially if you can add the shaved noodles to it. The hand pulled noodles were good but the shaved noodles were better. Also this place is cash only but luckily they have an ATM right at the door.Such a ripoff.  When placing order, waitress asked if you want spicy?  If you say yes, they added $1.40 to your bill without even telling you about the additional charge.  I could have added my own hot sauce for free. It's not the $1.40 charge, it's the principle.  Never heard of paying extra for hot sauce!Hands down, my favorite Chinese noodle place in Philly. The price is right, and the food's always great. Highly recommend it if you're in the neighborhood.Stopped here after visiting the liberty bell. We (I mean mostly me, but I'm going to blame this one on my stomach) had originally confused this place with another noodle place on the block and luckily this place did not disappoint. We got the beef noodle soup and a knife shaven fried noodle dish. Both were excellent and better than some of the famous hand drawn noodle places in the NY Chinatown (the name of the specific place escapes me and I'm too lazy to look it up on the internet). Will be back.Came here for the first time today with the fiancé after we strolled around the area enjoying the beautiful weather. I'm so glad we stopped in. The boy enjoyed watching them make the hand drawn noodles through the window. We both left only wanting to ever eat homemade/hand drawn noodles. The taste of fresh noodles is incomparable to instant. We didn't have any problems with service, the prices are reasonable and affordable, food was good. Only con is that it's cash only, but regardless we'll be back again.prob the best beef brisket noodle soup place in chinatown in philly. they have an option to added in szechuan spices in your noodle soup and very cheap! stop by if you're in town.What can I say this place is perfect the soups are amazing the noodles to die for and best of all it's fast and cheap. Food ranging from 5-10 dollars! Must come hereThis rating is for the particular dish ONLY.  I've been to this place before but your experience really depends on which dish you get.  Some of them are not really a good value as I will explain to you.  They have a variety of noodle dishes that are well made but some are just a waste of money. 
 I ordered the oxtail noodle bowl and it was absolute garbage!  They overcooked the meat so it was really tough to chew and there was barely any of it to begin with!  I"m not sure what happened in the kitchen but each of the bone segments was really lacking in meat.  I essentially got a bowl of noodles cooked in broth.  It was's expensive per se (only 7 bucks) but the other noodle bowls with meat were the same price or a dollar more.  One thing that I've noticed with this place is that they kind of jip you on the meat in some of the noodle bowls.  Do yourself a favor order a bowl that comes with a combination of things.  
I will be coming here again to try other dishes and will be sure to let y'all know what things to avoid.Don't go here. It's terrible. (Just kidding. When word gets around, we'll never be able to get a table.) The shaved noodles in any soup preparation will make you very happy. I got the beef combination (flank?, tendon and tripe) and it was flavorful and warming. The spicy pig's ear is the best I've ever had. The place ain't romantic- it's narrow and all hard surfaces. But the food is the attraction. Lots of families, students. Service is patient and friendly.This is my new go-to spot in Chinatown, it replaces Nahn Zhou because it is so much better quite honestly. Spice C is a somewhat small noodle house compared to some of the others but that is actually a good thing I think. It was very calm and quiet the entire time we were there which was nice and the service was quite good, a departure from the fast and hectic service of most noodle houses. We started off with the crab ragoon and the spring rolls, both were piping hot and awesome, the crab ragoon was definitely housemade, just so much fresher than what I am used to. The spring rolls were similarly fresh and awesome. For noodles we went with the shrimp soup with hand shaved noodles which was awesome, the shrimp were huge and actually flavorful. The other soup we got was the duck and wonton soup in the spice broth. The spicy broth is an extra $1.30 but hey you only live once right. The spicy broth was excellent there is no other way to describe it. The spice isn't a burn your lips off spice its a nice almost soothing slow burn. The duck was super flavorful and the wontons were just fantastic. The hand shaved noodles were of course exquisite I mean they are just my favorite thing ever just about. The 2 of us ordering all that and a few cokes, the tab came to $35 without till so a a little over $40 with tip. We will be heading back to Spice C soon, probably this week.I really wanted to like this place. Wanted to get anything on the vegetarian side of things as in the window they have some vegetarian noodle options. I walked in, asked for a menu and asked for them and I was shut down so rudely by the waiter. They don't have it any more and they don't serve vegetarian items. Very crude way of responding! I asked for a different item just because I was there, later tried the food and it wasn't anything special or worth the $$.
Be nice to customers, contrary to the popular belief they do not work for you.This location has a lot of variety in it's menu! I was really impressed but the rich tasting broth and the texture of the hand drawn noodles. Definitely a place to stop at during your next trip to Philly. I remember coming here before they changed the name; it's become a lot more impressive now with the food and the environment. 
Best meal I've had in a while!This place has tasty, satisfying, very inexpensive noodles and I am psyched they're in Chinatown! 
I had the shaved noodles with beef. The shaved noodles are what they sound like--shaved from the dough so the edges are thin but the middles are thick and a little chewy (Chewy in an awesome way, for the record). I've never had this type before and am a convert! My dish was less than $6 and will be more than enough for lunch tomorrow too! 
We also got a side of yu choy with oyster sauce--I've never had yu choy before, and for those of you who are in the same boat, its like a mix between bok choy and broccoli rabe and was thoroughly delicious. 
I also enjoy that there is a window into the kitchen, which not only is clean but you can watch them making the noodles in house!I was hoping based on the many reviews that the food would live up to expectations, I was disappointed. The food was bland, the spring rolls were disgusting and the tea was served in a water cup. As for the entree, the meat was fatty and almost non-existent.Best hand drawn noodle soup in Philly. I think they should be called Spice A because their food is not Level C.  One of the best place in Chinatown Philadelphia. Enjoy your meal.I love this place.. It's my new spot.. Everything was fresh and tasy and hot. The staff was courteousAwesome food..kept me drooling over it..will surely go back again..just the right flavour and presentation..loved it :) The only negative part was we could not use cards, the payment mode is Cash Only, I would suggest people visiting this place to carry cash to avoid paying charges for withdrawing cash at the atm inside the restaurant.The owners should start accepting cards to give is customers a better time :)Great hand drawn noodles place if you're looking for some soup. However, don't expect good service as the waiters are rude and try to rush you out. We came here on a Saturday with a party of 6 so we had to wait about 15 mins for a table which wasn't bad. I got the beef mixed soup with hand tossed noodles. The noodles were delicious and the broth was just heavenly. I love how they had sour cabbage as a condiment and other seasonings. Definitely try this place if you're craving for hand drawn noodles!noodles were great but the broth was so so. Anytime that I go to a hand drawn noodle place, I usually rate mostly on the noodles and this was certainly pretty good. However, compared to Nan Zhou noodle place, this sadly has no match while considering the proximity to Nan Zhou noodle place. If the broth and toppings were tweaked with more flavor, this place would certainly be a place to come back to.Stumbled across this place while looking for the perfect inexpensive catch-up locale on a dreary Wednesday night.  It did not disappoint!  My friend and I both order stir-fried noodles, shaved noodles with beef for her and hand drawn noodles with vegetables and egg for me.  Both were delicious and came packed with bok choy and a side of yummy broth for dipping and sipping.  We also ordered a side of yu choy with oyster sauce, which wasn't on the menu but we noticed the people next to us eating it - delicious.  I'll definitely be back to try the noodle soups and dumplings, which looked great.
The service left something to be desired, but it was very fast so did not get in the way of our good experience.  The whole meal came to less than $20 - how could you go wrong?!Environment: Really loving the environment here, really nice, super spacious, and pretty low-key that no one else really goes to. Music selection on fleek~
Service: Great service, no complaint.
Food: The selection of soups is amazing. I really do appreciate this. I came here under a recommendation of the best hand drawn noodles. I DO agree with their statement for the best HAND DRAWN NOODLES; HOWEVER, I think their soup base isn't that tasty! I was surprised.. Despite not being as rich in broth I really appreciated that they had pickled cabbage on the side for free to load up on (huge probiotic science junky). I give the noodles and free cabbage a 5 stars; however, the broth itself is about a 3 stars, so overall, I'd give it a 4.
Price: For about $10, I wouldn't mind going out to eat out with friends again but I definitely wouldn't go out of my way to eat this. I'd prefer other places... e.g. Nan Zhou or Empress GardenMy friend suggested me to try their place. And I will never regret trying out this restaurant. It has the best spicy noodle I have ever had and trust me I eat noodles most of my life. My personal favorite is Beef slices noodle with Szechuan Spicy base. Top it with a marinated egg and, voila!, this amazing dish will make you forget the world. Mind you, they will only accept cash.Hand drawn noodles with lamb had a great spicy broth that was one of a kind. Unfortunately the lamb was very bony which is the only reason they lost a star rating for me.  Service was which and very courteous. Need to add a liquor licence to add to the experience but overall a very good new restaurantLike Enid C., I'm comparing Lan and Nan here.  And Lan takes it for me.  This comparison is based strictly on the veggie noodle soup, and Lan adds TONS of veggies, whereas Nan adds basically none (other than the green leaves that come in every soup).  I thought service was also more attentive at Lan.  My coworkers and I came by for lunch one day.  We thought we were headed for Nan, but Lan saw us first.  I'm glad it did.Simply the best place to get noodle soup in Chinatown. 
  This is my second time dining here, and it is even better than I remembered.
  To start, my boyfriend and I went with the steamed pork dumplings. They were soft, fragrant, and the pork inside was tender and flavorful. 
  After the dumplings we went with the famous noodle soups; both of us opted for hand drawn noodles while I got the roast duck and my other half the House special. Our soups came out steaming and fresh, the roasted duck fell off the bone with a beautiful and distinctive smell. The taste was out of this world and each bite was melt in your mouth delicious.
   All in all, I highly recommend stopping in and grabbing the dumplings and roast duck soup!Tried this spot for an early lunch and I was extremely impressed. 
My wife is Japanese we both have a love for ramen and we're always willing to try something new. I was a little skeptical for Chinese soup at first but this place is AMAZING ! 
Fresh noodles, good pork, shrimp, chicken, spicy chili oil and hints of cilantro and mint. 
I will definitely be back !The second time I have eaten here. The noodles were made in the back where you can see the chef stretching out the dough through a clear window in the back.  Decent seating space and wasn't busy at all.  I ordered a bowl of noodles with ox spare ribs which was good.  The spicy beef tendon wasn't as good as another hand drawn noodle place I tried in Chinatown.  To cool down the spiciness was the hidden treasure of pickled veggies underneath the tendons.  That was the yummy part!  Have to try other hand drawn noodles places before I can really make a final decision.I was very impressed with Spice C and their soups. I look for specific key things when I want a good bowl of noodle soup: the broth needs to be piping hot (nothing's worse than a warm soup), the soup needs to be well seasoned and most importantly, the noodles need to have good chew and mouthfeel. Spice C delivered on all aspects last night when I tried their House Special Szechuan spicy beef soup. I opted for the shaved noodles because I prefer a chewier noodle and I'm so glad I did. The shaved noodles were DELICIOUS--firm and chewy and great mouthfeel. The soup was piping hot even after sitting out for a bit as we finished our appetizer. Which by the way, for our appetizer we order the spicy mixed meat platter...I think that's what it was called. The platter consisted a combo of tripe, tendons and pig ears I believe. It was pretty good and spicy and not super greasy. They also have a large container of pickled mustard greens on the table so that you can help yourself; this was such a perk because I like to put a lot in my soup. 
Only complaints for the evening were that I didn't  like the cups they serve their water in and the service was a bit awkward. With the cups, it's a personal preference really, but they use colored plastic cups...not the restaurant quality ones, but like the ones you would buy from Walmart for your summer picnics. I'm sure they were clean but those cups don't fare well after tons of washing and they just looked a little dingy to me....I opted for a can soda instead. As for the awkward service, when I ordered my soup, I asked for Hot level spicy but the server just kind of told me, no Medium is OK. Ummm....ok?? I had to add more chili when my soup came out.  I was a little annoyed but not a deal breaker.  I really enjoyed my meal and will definitely be back.This place is amazing. Hands down one of my favorite center city restaurants - when I have friends visiting from out of town this is where I take them. BYOB, cash only, only a few tables, and insanely good food. Get the pot stickers and the shaved noodle sezhuan soup.I am a huge fan of hand drawn noodles so I decided to give this place a try. Boy was I wrong. To me the right hand drawn noodle is thick and white in appearance. I ordered the beef hand drawn noodles stir fried. The noodles they served us were tiny and yellow noodles that looked like it came out of a machine served in a sad pile of soy sauce. The "beef" was not the beef that is typically served with the hand drawn noodles but rather the type that is usually served in Vietnamese pho noodles. The taste was average. Would I recommend this place?  No.I love this place. I have gone again and again and again. It is so delicious and so cheap. Every time I go I am amazed how little I spend on such amazing food. 
The service is okay (not fantastic but not great), but the hand drawn noodles are amazing.
I also went to Nan Zhou a lot before this place opened but I now only go here. I can't really tell the difference in the noodle soups between the two, but this location has the tub of pickled veggies where you can eat as many as you want. That is the only reason why I like this one better.Really delicious food.  Able and helpful service.  Not overly friendly but that's not necessary.  Nice place to sit inside while you see the noodle makers work their magic.  Again, reeallllly great food.Spice C  is my favorite  Chinese restaurant, When I go to Chinatown with my friends, We always recommend this place to my friends, Because their hand drawn noodle soup and shaved noodle soup are so delicious, and they have the pickles on the each table that you can add to your soup, They have a bunch of appetizers, I like Marinated beef intestine ,fried Calamari, and seaweed Salad, so so delicious.
This place is a small restaurant, But their business is kind of busy, They also have delivery service, Sometimes in the rush hour, Customer need to wait in line to be seated, and their price is  inexpensive.
When I go to Chinatown next time, I definitely be back.The restaurant has "yummy" in its name, what else can you say? For reals though, it is pretty yummy. I'm writing this review without having tried *that* other noodle place who's name shall not be spoken in this review. Word around the street is that they've got a Pat's and Geno's-esque rivalry going on here. So let's let this review speak for itself, without comparison.
I have to admit, I don't have much experience with Chinese noodle soups--though I hope that changes soon. Ramen, yes. Pho, yes. Well, I can tell you that I like Lan Zhou. The noodles were thick, verging on udon-like consistency, and pleasantly chewy. The taste of the broth was light and beefy, so the noodles soaked up a bit of that flavor, but you could still taste the original doughiness because it was so thick. Because the flavor was so light, it was easily customizable. Want spice? Just add some, it's right there on the table! The all-you-can-eat pickles on the table are a nice touch, too.
Meat isn't just dumped in the bowl as an afterthought, but seasoned and cooked to complement the broth, vegetables, and noodles. The beef brisket wasn't fall-off-the-bone, but pull-off-the bone. The seafood wasn't particularly flavorful, but garnered no complaints.
At $5 to $6 per bowl, the price-to-quality ratio can't really be beat. I love the interior here. It's very clean and relaxing. The guy who served us was very friendly and patient, especially when we were so indecisive. He gave us extra soup for our doggie bag, too!It was a gloomy sunday morning and i was craving for some beef brisket soup (i'm just in it for the noodles and broth...the bf got all my meat--lucky bastard).  We were looking for the original noodle house of china town, but apparently it moved and we ended up here.  I can only compare this to the original Nan Zhou location.  The space is much bigger and cleaner.  I liked the small space of Nan Zhou.  Here at Yummy, the noodle man is too far back that you can't really see him do his noodle magic.  Anyway the noodle itself was a bit tough.  The noodles were sticking to one another in the broth.  This is definitely a sign of the noodle not being fresh, it has been most likely sitting out.  The broth itself was satisfying.  I wish this place just focused on noodle soup and not other items.  It would have been better if they can master that.  Focus on fresh noodles people!I've tried a couple noodle houses down Chinatown but Spice C is hands down my favorite ! I brought my mom in for a belated birthday dinner, we both agreed the outside aura screamed of "We have great food and amazing service" and that aura did not disappoint! 
The food was delicious; We had the fried calamari and also the tempura shrimp for appetizers ( both super tasty and crispy ). Also , we both got the Jumbo Shrimp Szechuan Hand Drawn Noodles (Mild)   The broth is addictive, the noodles are the right texture ( not mushy but not undercooked ) , the veggies and shrimp are cooked to perfection !
The service is so inviting and warm. The staff are all super friendly. They greet you at the door, answer all your questions and even  when they are packed, they still wear a smile  
The restaurant itself is about medium size, super clean and inviting.sometimes a spot surprises you and consistently does so. this is one of those places. they have the best dumplings and their hand drawn noodles are my favorite. i have tried a few other spots, but spice c's hand drawn noodles have the best texture, consistency, and bite (no matter if it's in soup or a stir fry). 
the service is also consistently considerate and friendly. see cecilia or frankie!The best soup I've ever had. The hand drawn noodles are amazing. I recommend medium heat in the soup if you like spice. The hottest level of heat in which you can order takes away from the flavor of the soup. The pork dumplings are the bomb. 
Highly recommend this place.This place is amazing, my wife and I have been to many Vietnamese, Japanese, and thia places. 
The food was so favorable and the noodles were well made. The serving sizes are more then normal, but the food is so good we had to finish our dishes. 
The beef mix soup is so good if you enjoy beef tendon and tripe, I recommend the spicy version!We stopped in here around 2pm on a Saturday and the place was packed! Waited around for a table (only about 5 minutes or so) and sat down to order. I had the Szechuan chicken wings and brisket soup with hand pulled noodles. I ordered the soup Szechuan-style. The waitress kept asking me if I wanted spicy or medium, and I insisted on spicy. I think she was trying to give me a hint. It was very spicy, but also very good! The spiciness was a bit overpowering, though, and I think I might go for medium next time. The meat was fall apart tender, and the noodles... the perfect consistency and taste! PERFECT! 
My son ordered pork fried rice and inhaled it. I think it's safe to say that he enjoyed it. Wife had a stir fry dish and loved it as well. 
Oh yeah... the chicken wings. I almost forgot to mention the best part of the meal! The Szechuan wings are simply amazing! Not too spicy but packed with flavor! Cooked to perfection, coated in an amazing tasting sauce, and topped with some pepper garnishes. Delicious!!!
Staff was friendly and very attentive.
We'll definitely come back.I've been here twice. The first time, I got the duck noodle soup with hand drawn noodles, freshly made to order. It was really good, except there are bones in the meat, so you have to take it out of the soup and not eat it with the soup. The hand drawn noodles are really good, and the Szechuan spicy soup is good, too, very flavorful (and very spicy, I had my water refilled like 6 times).
The second time, I got the lamb noodle soup with hand shaven noodles. These noodles were harder to eat and had a weird texture, and the regular soup broth was bland. There was a lot of fat on the meat, which also had bones, but the best part? THERE WAS HAIR LITERALLY GROWING OUT OF THE SKIN/FAT ON THE MEAT, like it wasn't a stray human hair. It was growing straight up from the skin and looked sort of like when a pre-pubescent boy tries to grow a mustache and it's patchy and thin...
The waitress was very kind and replaced it with the special noodle soup, and even let me change the type of noodles from shaven to hand-drawn. Although, she didn't seem very surprised that this happened (red flag)? She was just sort of like, "oh, yeah, that happens sometimes, but I'll replace it if you really want to."
The special noodles were far from special. The meat was mostly fat.
This prompted me to look up the last food safety health inspection online, which stated, "53 Dead Roaches observed under rinse sink in front service area."The first time when I went to Spice C was when I was on a tour in Pennsylvania with my cousin. Whose I wasn't seen in a long time. The people that worked here were extremely cheap, and trust me it was reflected in the food. I order some kind is soup noodles that look delicious, but unfortunately the look was a lot more deceiving then the taste. It was  disgusting beyond words. I then inspected the soup, and to my amaze there were some foam in my soup which was hidden from the vegetable. I then asked for a refund but they didn't give to me. After 10 min of arguing I gave up and left without getting a refund. But the think that pisses me off the most was that they knew what the problem with my soup and just didn't care about it. I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PLACE TO ANYONE THAT COME HERE EVER. 
Unfortunately that wasn't my last time coming here because of my aunt. I insist on not going but she make me anyway. This I did not order any food however because I was about to sit down I have an urge to use the bathroom so I asked them where was the bathroom and to my amaze one lady say that the bathroom was in the back but as soon as I was about to go to the back. This guy suddenly came up to me and said what do u need. I was shock because the way he looked at me was not costumer friendly at all. So I push that aside and said"bathroom" I guess he didn't think I was a costumer and told me to leave and go tell me to use the bathroom next door( which I did after 5 min of searching for a place at Shang hai 1) even told the bathroom was to my left. 
As you can see I hate this place to the core.It was a cold and stormy night ... and we couldn't think of anything we needed more than a bowl of noodle soup. I mean real Noodle Soup, which is to the plebeian ramen as an Olympian triathlete is to a third grade somersaulter. We ordered the "Flirting Hot" Sezchuan broth, medium hot (watch out - unless you have a cast iron palette and are used to incendiary comestibles I suggest you settle for the Mild version). I had roast duck on mine, my husband had seafood. The main actors in the big bowl are the noodles - plentiful and delightfully chewy - and that broth. Mmmmm that broth! 28 kinds of Chinese herbs! Bring your colds and sinus infections here! Your eyes and nose will run and your belly will be delightfully topped up! The meats and veggies are tastes, decorations, the jewelry in the bowl. Our two bowls full, plus a pair of spring rolls and some sweet and sour daikon, set us back $28,89 plus tip.I was on my way to another place but decided to stop in here. The server started to speak to me and most patrons in Cantonese which is an indication the food is going to be good. Hand drawn noodles were delicious and the veggie broth was perfect. If it wasn't for the whimpy napkins, I'd give them 5 stars. I never understand why noodle houses skip out on a good hearty napkin. You're eating soup and drooling all over yourself with deliciousness. You need a good napkin!This restaurant has since been renamed to Spice C and their menu has been updated with pictures! Their noodle soups are now more customizable and feature more choices. I love how you can get three kinds of meats and even a marinated egg or wontons in your soup. Before, it was mostly one type of meat and noodles. The soup is now more flavorful as compared to what a remember from a year ago. I really think the food at this restaurant has improved. Everything tastes delicious and I've never been disappointed. If you are deciding between shaved vs hand drawn noodles, I would recommend the hand drawn. If you get shaved noodles they give you less of it and it's not actually more chewy than the menu claims. Also you don't get the chance to slurp the noodles!
Service has always been good and they speak both English and Chinese. I would definitely recommend this place over Nan Zhou!I came here with my husband. I had the stir fried noodle it was good! my husband had the beef noodle soup. the fried dumpling was good too.Good prices. Clean. Great noodle dishes. Definitely worth a stop. Had the stir fry, hand drawn noodles.It's the battle of mythical proportions.  The Chinatown noodle house showdown. 
Though similar in name, Lan Zhou and Nan Zhou are not the same.  Where to start?  Let's go with service.  We walked into the restaurant and stood at the entrance waiting to be seated.  When it looked like the staff wasn't paying any attention to us, we went ahead and sat ourselves.  When it looked like we were still being ignored, I went up and grabbed menus from the register for ourselves.  Finally, when it looked like we weren't go to get our orders taken, I flagged down one of the waitresses and told her we were ready.  Nan Zhou is like the New Jersey of gas stations - full service, and Lan Zhou is like other states - no service.
Because I wanted to compare Lan to Nan, I ordered what I normally order at Nan - fish ball soup.  The fish balls and broth here tasted very similar to those at Nan, so no differences there.  The noodles on the other hand appeared to have been sitting somewhere, cooked, for quite a while.  They were stuck together and I had to use both my chopsticks and spoon to pull them apart - that is, unless I wanted to eat them like they were lasagna.
Since both Lan's food and service were not on par with those at Nan (pricing is similar at both places), I will be returning to Nan and saying goodbye to Lan.This place is EPIC.  I can hardly recommend it strongly enough.
In short: the food (particularly the noodles) is delicious, cheap, authentic, and comes in generous portions, and the environment is chill and comfortable.
It has its negatives, too (a few).  Most of the staff is not very friendly.  They often give you the vibe that they don't want you to stay there for too long (which is somewhat understandable, since there are not many seats and it can get packed at busy times).  Sometimes the inside can be crowded and a bit loud, too.  
Everything else, however, is a huge positive.  I strongly strongly recommend the beef noodle soup (plus, in my opinion the amount of beef in there is a surprisingly generous portion).  but really, all of their noodles are incredibly delicious; and the portions are pretty sizable.  (also, you can actually watch them make the noodles in the background.)  And as I said, the food is all quite affordable (e.g. beef noodle soup: like 7 bucks or so).  The menu also includes a nice range of appetizers or other things that you can get along with your noodles to share with people you eat with.  Plus, they have recently added reasonably priced smoothies and bubble tea to the menu.  The service is pretty fast as well.  the restaurant has a pretty authentic atmosphere, and is a comfortable place to go alone, with your partner, with friends, or even with a large group (they have one table there that can accomodate like 8 people or so).  Also, of note, there is really a diverse range of people there - you'll hear lots of both chinese and english, and see a pretty wide range of customers in terms of race and age.
I sincerely hope Lanzhou will always be there!  I so strongly recommend this awesome, delicious, and cheap place!Tried this place lastnight on my datenight my first restaurant in Chinatown. The experience was ok slightly different. We placed our orders they didn't have any bubble tea, an a small selection of beverages. I stuck with good old fashion ginger ale an I ordered the jumbo shrimp noodle an spring rolls for appetizer, bae keep it simple an had chicken and broccoli. The food arrived pretty quickly an smoking hot ! The food was good no real issues other than a little egg shell in my dish from the egg. An the tables didn't have salt and pepper on them. Our waitress took out order an never came back an someone else did but no one asked if we needed anything or how the food was.We came in with a party of 8 and the hostess were very nice and welcoming. With the short notice they were able to accommodate our party with no problem making sure we had a table where we would be comfortable. They explained the menu very well when we had questions and I highly recommend getting their hand drawn noodles. Each dish was made to order and came out in a timely fashion and tasted great! If you are ever in china town in philly make it a point to try it out at least once!I'm not an expert on noodle soups or Chinese cuisine, but I have to say that Spice C has the best noodle soup in Philly Chinatown (out of he places I've tried so far.) 
I came here on a Friday evening, and although It was peak dinner time, my friend and I were seated right away. Service was very attentive to point of feeling a little pressured. We both ended up ordering the spicy broth with shaved noodles. Spice level was definitely lower than I expected it to be, yet the broth was still delicious-- savory, spicy, and well balanced. The noodles were nice and chewy and provided great texture to the soup. I chose the duck as my meat; it was good, but difficult to eat since the bones were still present. 
Spice C also provides unlimited pickled veggies for the soup!
Overall, come here for some great, filling soup. They make the noodles in house, and basically everything is under $10 (so you won't be breaking the bank).My friend and I wandered into this restaurant looking for a good lunch.  Did we find it! I had the Pork Fried Rice with Orange chicken, which I swear was duck.  My friend had a shrimp and noodle soup.  Both were fabulous.  Fantastic smells from the kitchen will draw you in!!!
Good food + good service + good price = Happy customers!Amazing food and atmosphere!!! The pot stickers are huge and so delicious!!! The house specials are just as amazing. We drove from Dover and will definitely be back again!!!!Yikes. I suppose if half stars were allowed it would have been a 2.5, the mitigating factor being the noodles enjoyed by my partner.
Together we ordered a spicy mixed appetizer that included cow stomach, brisket, tendon and pig ears. It came on a bed of picked diakon and carrots. I don't mind the veggies, in fact I enjoyed them, but billed at almost 9 dollars, shouldn't the description include everything we would be getting? Nothing particularly enjoyable here except the cow stomach. Also they were kind of lazy and covered everything in chili oil rather than really marinating the meats.
I got lamb noodle soup. It was intolerable. It tasted and smelled like salty milk for some reason. I ate only a few bites.
The partner reports his beef noodle soup was quite good and reminiscent of my mom's rendition. I refused to try from the looks of it. Also, to enhance flavor, it was doused in chili paste, so I judged that it could not have been impressive to begin with.
Quite disappointed with this excursion as I am usually a noodle hound.Looks like a nice little restaurant,  but had big issues here. Nice location and a nice look, but with a family of 8, they demanded that we needed to spend over a certain amount to be allowed to sit in their restaurant. It would have come down to about $12/person, but with kids it isn't always feasible. Was fairly priced, but their requirements were overkill. They advertise their specialty as "Noodle Soups - LIVE Noodle Pulling Inside!! Freshly Made Per Order", and we were going to order the soup for our family members, but it wasn't enough. Even with Bubble Tea added, our bill wasn't going to be enough. I strongly advise against coming here if for no other reason than the seeming discrimination against our large family.I've been going to this place for noodles since before it was renamed to Spice C (for those of you who don't know, it used to be called Lanzhou Hand-Drawn Noodles, but I think they changed it because it was constantly mixed up with Nanzhou Hand-Drawn Noodles, which is just down the street).  If you want authentic Chinese hand-drawn noodles or shaven noodles either in soup or stir-fried, this is your place.  My dad, who was born and raised in China, and I are a huge fan of the food here - the soup noodles always hit the spot, especially during winter!  My only criticism is that the staff can be kind of pushy and abrupt, but hey, that's kind of to be expected in Chinatown.  At least service is speedy - I've never had to wait more than 5-10 minutes for my food!  I'd highly recommend Spice C, especially to those friends who are a little anxious about delving in to the strange, exotic land that is Philly's Chinatown (haha) - this is a great place to start.This place used to be pretty dirty but ever since they move to the new location everything dramatically improved. Their noodle was very tasty and the place was actually clean. Service was alright and I will definitely go back again!I prefer Nan Zhou around the corner.  
I got the hand drawn noodles sauteed with pig ears.  The noodles were a bit bland and the pigs ears weren't as good as the ones from Nan Zhou.  I can't exactly pinpoint what it was though...  The noodles also came with a clear broth.  I wasn't sure what to do with that....have it as a soup?  Pour it over the noodles?  The broth wasn't that flavorful either.  
The service was decent, and the food was cheap.  The interior is also a lot nicer than Nan Zhou, but I hear they're expanding soon so that will be interesting to see.  I think next time for hand drawn noodles, I will stick to Nan Zhou.Like Nan Zhou, Lan Zhou boasts some well made hand drawn noodles and savory beef noodle stew. In all honesty, I don't have much to say. It wasn't ridiculously amazing, but it was cheap and it was good. I'd definitely go back. It's also clean (especially for chinatown)Couple of my friends highly recommended this noodle place to me and ever since that it becomes my favorite noodle place in the city of Philadelphia. The place is clean,the price is reasonable, and the service is great. I will definitely recommend this place to my other friends who haven't try this place. BTW my favorite dishes are the spicy beef with shaved noodle soup  with extra side of fried egg and the dumplingsSome of the most fantastic friendly of service what a wonderful location, to top it off the food is deliciousI have always been a big fan of the famous Nanzhou hand drawn noodles in Philadelphia's Chinatown.  After hearing about Spice C, I decided to try it out to compare.
SpiceC is slightly more expensive than Nanzhou, especially if you want the spicy sichuan broth. Portion sizes are also a bit smaller.  However, as someone who loves spicy foods and pickled veggies, SpiceC really hit the spot.  Broth was very flavorful and had the perfect blend of spices, noodles were a little thinner than that of Nanzhou, meat was the same.  There is also a clear bucket of delicious pickled veggies provided at every table that pairs well with the noodle broth, which is free and all you can eat.Lan Zhou's has the best General Tso's chicken I've ever had. Their hand drawn noodles are really good in the soups as well as the stir fries.Place was very good, staff was very nice to us. Loved the egg plant with garlic sauce.I'm a sucker for hand drawn noodles and knew this place was worth a try. It's right across from Teado and is a great place to eat right after you grab a drink! 
I tried the House Special with Szechuan spicy soup base (which was recommended). I think adding the Szechuan spice added so much depth and flavor to the broth. If you love spice, get the Szechuan spice(spiciest for extra $1.50). In my opinion, it wasn't as spicy (it's like a 7/10 on a spice level). You can also ask for no spice or a medium-hot spice level. The House Special itself was SOO amazing. I loved the various meat components that made every bite interesting!
Service was quick and I had no problem with any waiter/waitress. 
By the way, if you walk towards the back of the restaurant, you can see the noodles being hand drawn. It's a cool thing to check out!! :)This would be my second time trying hand drawn noodles. My first time was at Nan Zhou. I was wandering through Chinatown and really wasn't sure what I wanted now that Pho75 is gone. I wanted to try a new place and the freshness (read: outward appearance) of Lan Zhou hit me like BAAAOOOOWWW! It looks like it just opened so I figured they probably haven't slid into any bad habit complacency yet. I was in!
I had the sliced beef and it was more flavorful than what I remember from Nan Zhou, but eh that's not saying too much. I was impressed in the cuts of beef. They managed to get a bit of fat in almost every piece. Loved it! I was weary of the vegetables on the table though.. as much as I wanted some I'm a germophobe. I wasn't too keen on the spoons either. The hard water on them was kinda strong. Otherwise, I really wanted the lamb, but I played it safe. I've heard the horror stories of the bones... so.
Anyway, I'm no expert on noodles or soup, but this place is alright.
And the ATM fee is $1.75 if you need cash.Yum-yum Beef Noodle Soup.  This is the place to get authentic one around Philly China Town. I ordered the House Special with Szechuan spice ($1.50 extra) and hand-shaved noodles. That was great with the bundle of homemade pickled cabbage on top.Shaved noodles were good!  Broth of soup was also good. 
However, what was labeled as "beef brisket" was not correct.  They gave me "beef tendon".  When I said "is this brisket?  I think this is tendon" they said "oh no that's brisket".  (I lived in Asia for 3 years - and I know a beef tendon when I see one - and I hate it).  Picked all the meat out and ate just the noodles.  Disappointing service.
Boyfriend enjoyed his noodle dish with duck well enough.I always crave this place when I'm sick (if I'm not craving pho). Get the house special noodles with with shaved noodles (I like medium spice with a fried egg). The broth is very flavorful, there's pickled vegetables you can put in at your choosing at every table, the meat brisket is super tender (although the tendon can get very hard to chew at times) and the noodles are chewy and substantial. I never finish a full bowl.One of the best hand drawn / hand shaven noodle. We got the tripe hand shaven noodle soup and the beef noodle soup. The soup is well seasoned and incredibly flavorful. By the way medium spicy is already pretty spice. Finally the service is fairly good.some of the best noodles i've gotten in the states. i recommend getting the shaved noodles, i got them with peanut sauce and it was amazing.The service here is horrible. I decided to change up from going to nanzhou down the street and try this place. I am disgusted with the service here. I came in first and they were going to sit a family first  until i pointed out that i was here first   They explained that the kids had achool so being nice, I let them go first. I was seated 2 mins later which isn't bad. When I was ready to order, no one came, I waited and watch and saw that they took the orders for tables that were seated after us. The waiter never paid attention to us. After waiting 15 minutes and seeing the waiter take orders for another table, I had to get up and hunt down a woman to ask her to take my order. Despite the bad service, the food was good. I ordered the roast duck shaved noodle and I got more duck than what nanzhou gives. The fried dumplings were good as well.Pretty good noodles- the pulled are a little thicker and chewy than Nan Zhou's I would say. A downside is a lack of consistency in broth flavors. Personally prefer Nan Zhou's more elastic noodles and broth better.This is THE spot in philly for a good ol bowl of hand-drawn noodles. I always get the shaved noodles with the short ribs sometimes with a side of the calamari. The service was always quick and the food was always on point! You won't be disappointed :)!My boyfriend and I went here to pick up noodle for my roommate but then decided to eat here. Boyfriend had noodle soup with fish and he said it was the best hand drawn noodle he'd had so far in philly. I had the "beef mix" noodle soup with beef, tendon, stomach, etc. and it was really good, too! One con is that the broth is a little salty. Roommate wanted the stir fried intestines noodle. Gonna try that next time! Side note: the slogan on the staff's shirt was so cute! Check it out when you guys visit!A great spot in Philly Chinatown that needs to be checked out at least once!  This place is a perfect place to end a day trip into Philly and exploring the Chinatown there.  
This place boasts their hand drawn noodles, which are done quite nicely.  They aren't the best I've ever had, but definitely better than your run-of-the-mill hand-drawn place.  Although their noodles seem to be maybe a dollar or two more expensive than other places in the area, you're definitely getting more than you pay for by coming here for several reasons.
Firstly, the size.  After a day of snacking through Chinatown, I had really underestimated the amount of food that I thought they'd give to us.  They give you a heaping portion of noodles, and they pile on the sliced beef and brisket, or whatever else you happen to order.
Secondly, and maybe most importantly, their broth is VERY well done.  This could very well be a selling point by itself, as the taste of the broth is smooth, not oily at all, and is simply appealing to all five senses.  I've been to many noodle soup, ramen, pho, etc. places, but the broth/soup here is definitely ranking highly of all the ones I've ever had on the East Coast.
Service is also quick and friendly, a nice bonus that isn't always a guarantee at small Asian-run restaurants.  All this put together definitely makes this a more than remarkable place to try.  I'll definitely be back next time I'm in Philly.So Yelp said this place accepts credit cards. I just got done eating and they said it's cash only. If it weren't for my friend who had a bank card on him, I would've been SOL.Ordered takeout chicken w/mixed veggies soup and was satisfied. Good flavor and fresh ingredients! Authentic veggies created some alternative flavor. Broth was simple. I added a fried egg. 
I loved the shaved noodles. I saw the chef take a roll of dough out of the fridge, roll it, and shave it for my dish. It doesn't get much fresher than that. You can taste the freshness in every bite into the noodles. 
Chicken was so tender! 
Wide variety of menu items; I look forward to coming back. Not my favorite find in Chinatown PHL, but not the worst. Friendly staff and clean interior. 
Cash only! ATM out front. Mine was only $11.What a great way to start your morning! I stopped by to try their hand-drawn noodles and it was as good as it gets! I ordered the chicken with veggies stir fry and my sister had ordered one of their soup specials. Service was great because our waitress had guided us through the menu and told us about the different dishes. Great restaurant with good food and service. I'd visit again anytime I'm in the area.The sichuan broth was worth the upcharge.  There was a great balance of cilantro and spiciness in the broth, with a hint of sweetness that really brought the meal together.  I ordered the Dragon and Phoenix, and was impressed by the tenderness of the shrimp and consistency of the chicken.  The noodles were perfectly cooked, with just the right amount of chewiness to offset the bok choy.  My fiancee had a simple lo mein dish, but for a non-adventurous girl who has limited vegetable tastes, she ate almost her entire meal.  I would highly recommend this restaurant, and I will be my new haunt in Chinatown.order: all hand drawn soups: beef brisket noodle soup, noodle with pork soy sauce