My fiancee and I stopped here for lunch on a Saturday recently. The service was fine but the food took longer than it should have, being that we were only 1 of the 2 tables in the restaurant. Also, the noodles were under cooked to the point of being unchewable, I would try it again but was really underwhelmed by my first experience there.Okay --
after salivating for three weeks, staring at this baby in my bookmarks, I rounded up some members of "the dyke crew" (preemptively: no, str8s, don't ever call queer women that, thanx) and bounced over.
I have to admit, the $$ threw me off -- appetizers are between 6$ and 12$; entrees are more around 17$.  For some reason, I thought I'd be shelling out ten bucks for the main course.
After recovering from my small heart attack, we went inside and proceeded to feast.
We ordered (per Yelpers) the rock shrimp, the duck crepe and then the guac and wonton chips for we had a vegetarian.  For dinner, D had the Shanghai beef, I had the Dan Dan noodles and said veg had the ... veg-fried rice.
The rock shrimp was damn good -- not overpoweringly shrimpy, fried lightly and without grease, and the curry sauce!  You have to wrap the shrimp in the salad and dip because the mixed greens bring the plate together.  The guac was interesting (avocado in a spicy red sauce), and the chips were as light as the shrimps' batter.
The star of the appetizer round was the Peking duck crepe.  D and I made obscene noises while the veg said it tasted too alive.  The duck is cooked perfectly, not too heavy, and it comes with hoisin sauce.
I really enjoyed my Dan Dan noodles.  I thought for a moment the portion might be too small, but all the food here is rich and sumptuous, and you get just the right amounts.  With the crumbled pork on top and the leaves of spinach, I felt like the bowl echoed a very spicy spaghetti and meat sauce.  I also snagged some of the fried rice (I'm not sure how there is such a thing as a "best fried rice," but this stuff qualified), and then I tried some of the Shanghai beef.
I don't like beef.
The meat melted in my mouth, I swear to god, and comes in this weird sauce that I can best describe as Chinese BBQ/honey.
We received complimentary desserts of fried pumpkin cakes, which were nice palate cleansers.
Overall, goddamn.
Basically.Like an authentic Chinese hole in the wall- plated and served up with a classy air.  The dry chili chicken is almost as good as the oily brethren I've had in alternate Chinese houses- the staff is serviceable and efficient.  I've had a lot of trouble using any kind of yelp deal or groupon- so keep it simple?  
Lunch specials reasonably priced but a few blocks north you can get some of the best Chinese for less fuss and same price or (at dinner) way less.  Clean to the sake of boring, but a decent spot for a drink.This place is good and I'd recommend it. Everything I've ordered had been good or very good and delivery time is always reasonable. I just ate a big bowl of udon and it was fantastic. They also make great drinks if you're eating there. 
That being said...
The vegetable pad Thai was seriously the worst I've ever had in my life. It had no taste and the only vegetables were a few pieces of cabbage. Seriously? I almost called to complain it was that bad, and I don't do that. I don't even understand how it's still on the menu.The food is really good compared to any other Asian restaurant in town. And for the price...  It's super economical. 2 meals and an appetizer with an alcoholic drink came up to $44. What else could you ask for ? 
Atmosphere is very cool. Bar is neat and stylish. 
Overall great !! Go eat !Delivery service was fantastic! Came in 30 minutes and without damage. The Satay Chicken and the Mini Wontons were delicious. However, the fried rice was a little bland and the tofu in the Penang Curry was a weird texture. Overall a good experience, I would recommend for a new adventure.Awesome Asian fusion place from the decor to the food. There was plenty of staff there to greet us and help us with anything we needed. As a vegetarian they had plenty of options. 
Went with a group of five people and wanted to our share meals after spending a long day out. First ordered a small hot plate as an appetizer.  Two dandan noodles were more than enough between the five of us and even after being super hungry we could only eat about one and a half. So the portion sizes are good. The taste of the noddles weren't bad, but it wasn't the best dandan either. Could've used a little bit more flavor (spiciness). 
For the main entrees we orders the drunken noodles with tofu and mushrooms. This was very good, spicy, and flavorful . My favorite of the night. Lettuce wrap with tofu, which was okay in my opinion. The tofu was very hard and dry, but the lettuce did help. Tofu in black bean sauce was really good as well. It comes with rice and there's so much flavor enough that you don't even need this dish spicy.
Overall the quality of the service, food, and pricing was great.So yummy! Five of us had the Dan Dan noodles, some wontons, the ahi tuna dumplings (my favorite--so good), a dry pot, the sautéed veggies, the eggplant, some black bean fish, and a panang curry. Cocktails for everyone. So yummy.
It is fair to compare Spice 28 to Han Dynasty--you get a lot of the same heat that you'd get there and there are a number of dishes both do well (like Dan Dan Noodles). The food is more " fusion" style at Spice, and the ambiance is flashier, but the prices are pretty good and the quality is there. Not a place to be dismissed!Came here on the tail end of restaurant week because it was one of the only location that still had free reservations. Did not regret. Great food, great service, definitely underrated. 10/10 would recommend.The external decor of Spice 28 is rather abysmal, but the inside - with its modern, sleek look and neon lights glowing here and there - reminds me very much of Pod and Morimoto.
We arrived here for dinner on a weeknight, and it was fairly packed, so that was a good sign.  We started off with the fajitas  (interesting item to be on the menu given that Spice is an Asian restaurant) and crispy calamari.  Both dishes were good in the sense that they tasted like what I expected (but also not very hot, as if they had been sitting somewhere for a little while...).  But, they were bad in the sense that the only Asian twist to them was the traditional varieties of dipping sauce that accompanied each dish.  Not exactly very creative, and perhaps a little bit deceiving.
The waiter must had asked the kitchen to fire up our entrees before we even got our appetizers, because before we even got through half of either appetizers, our entrees came to the table.  Normally, I would have no qualms with this, because - as anyone who knows me can attest to - I eat rather fast.  But, I was trying to pace myself, and by the time I got to my entree, it was borderline lukewarm.  The food itself (chicken basil fried rice) was decent, but perhaps that's because I'm comparing it to the gold standard at Tuk Tuk, a cozy little Thai place in Long Island City that makes incredible basil and green curry fried rice.
To close off the meal, the kitchen sent out some sort of pancake on the house.  We were advised to stop talking and eat it while it was hot - so we did.  What greeted my taste buds was bland, and not what I would want to be the last impression guests have upon leaving.
Luckily, that wasn't our last impression of Spice.  We split the bill, one Amex, one Visa.  When the receipts came, it became apparent the waiter had split the bill, but charged both halves to my card.  Yay, I won!  We told the waiter of this mistake, and his response was for us to exchange cash with each other, laughed, and walked away.  There was no way I wasn't going to write a review after that!
Would I go back?  Before the check incident I would have said yes, because some of my fellow Yelpers have given it rave reviews.  After the check incident?  Probably not.  Food and service are what I look for when I go out to a sit-down, and from this experience, Spice 28 provided neither very well.Wirklich empfehlenswerter "Thailänder". Geschmack authentisch, Ambiente fein. Sogar den Kindern hats geschmeckt!I have been here approximately 50 times now. My fav lunch spot in the city. Here is what you need to order -
Dry Pepper Style chicken
Cumin Style chicken
Three pepper chicken
Spicy Chicken lettuce wrapBirthday dinner here for 12. Waitress was a sweet heart. She wanted to take a photo with me for some reason, and I obliged because she was awesome. 
Shots for the table on the house afterwards.OK, so I'd like to bump up my rating by a star because I thought the food was uniformly great last time we were there. We were with a large group and ordered a bunch of dishes, all of which were really good.  But the noise level is painful on a Saturday night. It was impossible to talk without shouting, and with a few other large groups nearby, it was a competition over who could be heard. The waitress was very  understanding when we asked to be moved, but said she couldn't re-seat us because it was fully booked. So I guess that noise level works for many people and by their choice of decor (all hard surfaces) the owners are not trying to dampen the volume. It's a shame, because I think their food is on par with Han Dynasty, but I'm going to stick to mid-week for my next visit.We were visiting from NYC super bowl weekend and starving around 8pm. Every place was closed or packed with football game seekers. We found this restaurant by searching Yelp like every other tourist who visits new places for some grub. Walked in, and the decor put an instant smile on my face, it was hip, design was all me and lighting was perfect. It was partners bday and we were the only ones there, wait...it was us and a party of 20 young ppl who were also celebrating a bday. Long story short, we ate good Thai, had good service and my partner got serenaded by 20 strangers!
Good stuff!Oops 
Won't go back 
Was willing to deal with the incredible noise for good food 
Luke warm apps
Waited an hr for entree that was bad
Duck 
Need to step it up for Philly 
Waitress was sorry and nice
But,I really enjoyed my experience here. My friend and I sat at the bar which is lit with green light, giving it a very modern feel. We ordered drinks which tasted very good - no complaints. For an appetizer, I ordered the rock shrimp which were ok, a little bland but the spicy mayo somewhat made up for it. My friend ordered the Thai crispy calamari, which had no taste. For our entrees, we ordered the Thai basil fried rice with chicken and medium spice. It was great! Awesome flavor and not too much pepper. The entrees definitely made up for the lack luster appetizers. 
The overall atmosphere at Spice 28 is great and I'd recommend it. The employees are friendly; restrooms are clean. I'd come back again.The food was great!  The dumplings were to die for.  My only complaint was we sat in the front bar area and it felt like we were forgotten about.  It took forever to get our drinks and a long time to get dinner, so if you're going here make sure you have time to kill.I love the scenery and the view of the place. My friend and I sat by the windows and it was such a perfect day to sit outside but you're actually inside.
We came in for happy hour and our bartender and waitress were very nice! Drinks were great and beautiful! We ordered the passionate cocktail and I ordered dragon something.. I forgot but it was delicious!
It was my first time trying the place but I felt like the food was similar to any other place. I chose pad thai and well it was good but nothing new. My friend ordered a mango salad with a champagne mango sauce.. and that was really good and healthy!Great food, terrible delivery. After waiting an hour and a half for delivery, called to check on status and was told that someone had called and cancelled my order. (?!$&?!) Since this ABSOLUTELY never happened (at least from my phone number) I have no idea what was going on. Han Dynasty it is instead. Smdh.Just had a really great meal at Spice28. I have been traveling here and working in the area for a couple of years and was excited to find this gem. It seems to be relatively new. While its a bit dark and lounge-like, the ambiance is generally nice. Stylish. 
The menu was diverse and filled with Asian fusion dishes.  I have been craving some good Szechuan and saw some great reviews on Yelp so was glad to try them. I tried some curry glazed rock shrimp to start. The menu didn't explain that the shrimp were batter fried and that wasn't what I was looking for. The young manager came by my table and asked about my food. I mentioned that I wasnt looking for something fried and he immediately offered to take the dish off my bill. I wasn't looking for that or expecting it but it was a really great customer service move and I really appreciated it. High marks for that kind of attention to detail. 
For my entree I got the dry pot lamb. It was fantastic. Spicy, flavorful and delicately prepared. When I needed more rice, the waitress promptly brought me more too. 
The food alone was probably worth 4 stars, but the Managers extra effort makes this meal a 5 star affair.Solid Phad Thai, service staff was a bit quiet and non-social. You'd expect as a solo dinner being the only sitting at the bar I'd get a bit more attention. 
Food came out timely and overall was quite tasty.I have lived in New York for many years, and though I have had many incredible dishes there, i find that Asian food in Philly is hard to beat. I am almost alway impressed, and this place is no exception. 
Quaint and classy, this small hole in the wall is good for some casual, quick comfort Thai classics and some new special Asian fusion dishes you may not have tried.The staff was friendly and the location was great. I really loved the champagne duck and the cumin lamb, which were both flavorful, well thought out, and complex without being overbearing. The duck buns were good, but a little greasy for my taste. 
Overall a great experience and a great, convenient location in the center of the city! Oh, they have great lunch specials and happy hour deals for drinks and apps!We just had dinner here during their happy hour special. They have very reasonably priced specials, hard to find anymore in center city. The apps are delicious. Recommend the ahi tuna dumplings! The service was great tonight too!Spice 28 was a good choice for dinner with my brother who was visiting town.  He's a real fan of Singapore Noodles, and enjoyed a plate ot them a lot.  We started with Dan Dan noodles and cold tripe, excellent appetizers, and went on to dry chili style chicken and salads.  Good beer selections too, though not on tap.  We also liked the LED's decorating the hypermodern interior.The ambiance of the place is vibrant and the service is wonderful. However the pad thai was too salty, worst pad thai I ever had. But their drunken noodles are delicious.Ordered a take out. Firstly, the  owner/manager is very nice . the food, though can be better. We ordered the mango tofu, and the mangoes in  the plate were not the best, an overall it was ordinary. We had noodles and Sichuan tofu as well, and they were better, but not great.2nd Time in 4 days...A cold monday night called for some spicy sczehuan food and Spice 28 was the answer for me..(Saves a cab ride from going to Han Dynasty) Got the Tripe Appetizer again...It was spot on..also tried a Calamari App which was delightful and lightly coated...We also tried the dan dan noodles this time...(I think I still like Han Dynasty's version better..but this was still very good) and finished off the meal with the Beef Dry Pot which is phenominal...My only complaint was that they charged $8+ on our final bill for a bottle of vino which was listed at $30 on the menu.. The waiter was nice to fix it when we mentioned it, but it's something that we could have easily missed...so make sure you check the bill before you pay...They also always seem to forget about the 10% yelp discount after you check-in..so remind them that too...So we were walking around on our first night here... right after seeing one of the most patriotic pieces of American History I have seen to date (the Liberty Bell) and my beautiful girlfriend suggested a place she saw on yelp(she needs her rice ;)).  Why not, it's only a block from the Marriott.  
Sooo glad we decided to come here.  She ordered the Thai Basil Chicken Fried Rice along with the Eggplant with Garlic.  I wanted some Pork Belly with Cabbage and Bean Curd.  The pork belly was sliced thin and flavor was wonderful.  About the only thing I can complain about was that I asked it to be spicy, and it was not too spicy (I can handle my spice).  
Plenty of yummy eggplant to go along with the perfectly seasoned chicken fried rice too!  
The interior was modern and the staff was extremely friendly.  They are very attentive and will accommodate your requests.  If you are in Philly.... check this place out!  You will not regret it =)Let's start with 1 hour and 45 mins for delivery. Then let's add that the order of dumplings consisted of 2 dumplings. Just no.Met some friends here last night. Had the chicken pad Thai, it was great. All my friends enjoyed their meals. They had a nice selection of reasonably priced wine which was a bonus. And our server was very nice. Will go back when we r in the area again.Went on a lunch date and my first impression was how cool the decor looked. When we actually sat down to order, I felt like the prices were a bit steep for Chinese food. Even though they brought the food out very quickly, I still wasn't all that impressed. The food was good but it wasn't anything special. I got the shrimp Thai basil and my date had drunken noodles with chicken. Our bill was $30 but I'm sure that this place is no better than my local china wok where I can buy way more for the same price! Staff is friendly and the service was good.I love this place!  The mango shrimp was amazing and I love that they encourage you to order your preferred amount of spice in your meal.  We ordered the dumplings in chili oil which were great also.These five stars are based on price and quality. Obviously not a Stephen Starr restaurant, but a really great place for price and experience and of course the food. Happy hour has great deals, always leave wanting to come back.Amazing cocktails, apps, entrees and deserts. The staff was very friendly and came by often to make sure everything was alright. The place was packed, but they were still able to accommodate our party of 4 on short notice.I'm not sure if they were understaffed or if it is always that slow, but waiting for almost 20 minutes for water is kind of ridiculous.  The food was just ok, nothing I haven't had before at other Asian Fusion restaurants.  The Philly Love martini was the best thing on the menu!  Also, the way this place was designed, it makes every voice carry so it's almost impossible to talk to the person across from you.  I wish I could have enjoyed my dinner a little more, but it was SO LOUD!  And the place was not full...
Sorry to be a downer, but this place is just ok.Came here for lunch because it was part of the UPromise plan.  Got my first surprise when they had a 10% off check-in on Yelp.  Yea!
Although the restaurant seemed to be bustling, my food came out slowly and I felt a little ignored by the restaurant staff.  However, the food itself was quite good.
I had started with a Tom Yum soup which was a nice spicy soup with crunchy green squash.  I also had a blue crab avocado salad.  It was 1/2 full sized piece of avocado stuffed with blue crab meat over a bed of bagged mixed greens salad and a nice balsamic dressing.  Very tasty.  Lastly, I had the mango shrimp dish with jasmine rice.  Not overly sweet, but sweet and mixed with the rice made it better.  Whole chunks of mango, along with peppers and about 6(?) shrimp.  
$25 including tax and tip.  I'd take a trip back to try some of the other dishes and see if spicy really is spicy when asked.I'm only giving it 3 stars instead of 3.5 because of a few things.  Partly because Yelp doesn't allow half a star.  The servers were friendly and pleasant.  We had a party of 10 and went at 5:30 p.m.  The place wasn't crowded yet but by the time we left around 7 p.m., it was pretty full.  The ambiance was "trendy" and pretty cool to look at.  I felt like I was walking onto a Virgin America airplane.
The food wasn't bad...wasn't great, like WOW, either.  I had the tom yum soup and the silky tofu with shrimp.  For those of us who like spicy tofu (ma po tofu), that's pretty much what it was.  Again, good but not amazing.
Here's where the negative .5 star comes in.  They charged $2 for iced tea and do not offer refills. Maybe that's a Philadelphia thing but it seems a bit too much for a place that is not "high end" but wants to be this trendy place but $2 for refills?  Come on!The food was excellent as well as the service. It was highly recommended by our concierge. We are so glad we went. I would also highly recommend it!!This place is one of my favorite places to go for Thai hands down. They have the best Thai tea and the best dry pepper style dishes. I always get the shrimp and fish dry pepper style and it's always hits the spot. The price is fair and the portions are pretty decent. I've went with many friends and they've all liked their popular Pad Thai. They do offer a lunch hour special during the weekdays. I always come back to this place every month. Taf recommendsCrispy duck salad is the best!   Love this place for upscale.  trendy spot in center city with moderate prices.   Great experience.  Michael was my bartender and he had to put up with the rudest girl I've ever seen.   She waited  a mere minute for attention and then put up a fuss.    Wish there was a YELP for customers.   She was nasty.I'm not sure why this place has such good reviews. I just ordered delivery of veg fried rice and the only vegetables included were onions and some scarce green peas with no flavor whatsoever I could have easily boiled some rice And added some peas myself. The drunken  noodles looked like a pile of noodles crap with soy sauce. I'm disappointed and wondering how this place is number one on yelp. Waste of money!! I would give it 0 if I could. 
Don't waste your money on this food.Went on a busy Saturday eve, but had a reservation so our party of 3 was seated fairly quickly. Ordered two appetizers, dan dan noodles and seafood/avocado wontons, both were fantastic. Then we waited, and waited, and waited for our entrees. Finally the waitress came over and said she knew it had been awhile, "issues in the kitchen," but the orders were coming out soon. Minutes later, they did, but what a disappointment. Vegetables in duck stir fry were hard and undercooked, pad Thai noodles were undercooked and had no flavor, salt and pepper squid was dry and no longer warm. All three in my party left more than half of the food on our plates. Waitress checked back in with us too late to do anything about it; she asked if we wanted take away boxes, we said no thanks. She took 10% off the check for our "long wait." Sometimes things happen, we get it. Maybe our entree order was misplaced. But don't then rush out subpar food. Won't be returning.The mango spicy chicken was great... The waitress was accommodating and made their version of beef and broccoli for kids.
The fried vegetable dumplings were a bit dry inside and hard outside. Everything else was good and affordable :)Cocktails- Good. But suuuuuper sugary.
Food- LOL. Plastic in our over-cooked calamari and duck fat only in our "duck" salad.
Waiter response "okay."
Hah! 
Come for the drinks, leave with diabetes and duck fat with a plastic souvenir.Just sat down at my desk and my belly is so happy. Spice 28 is so on point. I don't know why I didn't know about this place. As a lover of all foods that are Asian this place rocks. I had the Dan Dan noodles and they were perfect. The lunchtime service was quick. I will be back and bring some friends with me.I usually order their pad thai noodles. Spring rolls are pretty good as well. Cool ambience but crowded place. Good drinks choices.Service was pretty good. Food not so much. Came here for dinner on a Friday night. No wait. I had the Indian pancake and my friend had a mixed rice type of thing. It was just parathas but they were ok. I'm not sure if it's the same Spice they have in New York (was lunch for few years) but wasn't a fan. 
Dessert was good-some gelato with chocolate syrup and the waitress was nice enough to give me extra syrup and whip cream cause I told her I wanted a lot of chocolate. Probably come back for their dessert. And for that reason I'm going to give a more stars.I've wanted to try this place for a while, and I'm SO happy that I did. Had a fantastic dinner here recently with my brother.
Cocktail recommendation: Thai Ginger Coconut Bomb-- delightfully crisp and spicy. Ginger, mandarin, lime, coconut cream, basil, jalapeno. Sounds strange, but if you like a kick in your cocktail, order it. It's not overbearing, because the coconut cream keeps it balanced. 
As for food, this place has nailed down the Schechuan cuisine. The thai veggie spring rolls are straight forward and delicious. If you like spice, go for the pork belly in garlic and chili oil. Thinking about it makes my mouth water, it's that damn good. 
In addition to those apps, the entrees really dazzled our tastebuds. The double cooked fish was crunchy but flavorful, moist and oh so delicious. I am in love with chinese eggplant so that's always ordered when I dine out Asian-style. So this dish was right on point for me. The eggplant was soft, seasoned and tasty. The shrimp drunken noodles were also fantastic. Great layer of flavor and spice. Finally, the dry pepper chicken is an absolute must-have. Served with many of those chili peppers that I love eating with each bite of crunchy chicken. This dish is as kickass as you can get. 
I can't wait to go back here. The modern decor is great and the colorful accent lights give it a really cool glow. Give it a try!We tried this for restaurant week and we were not disappointed! The food was amazing as were our drinks. It was a little loud despite not too many tables being in the restaurant. We really enjoyed everything we ordered. The steamed peking duck buns were out of this world. We definitely recommend trying this place out sometime !Jack Chen, you magnificent bastard.  Who else would see the bright spot of opportunity in a morass of Chestnut Street gloom?  That's right my friends, there is now  a bona fide reason to slalom past the ticket scalpers and flat screen dealers that inhabit the netherworld between Barbuzzo and Market street. . . .and that reason is some mighty fine Szechuan, Sichuan , or Szechwan cuisine.  
Let me warn you, if all you know of this peppercorny goodness is in Old City, prepare yourself for a dose of authenticity, modern Asian style.  This is not a place made to look "authentic" and no one will berate you for asking questions about the ingredients.  If what you need is a little role play, go see your therapist.  
Ok, enough of me, here is why you should come.  
Cumin Lamb that should make you look up Agnus Dei if you don't know Latin.  
Cucumber salad that is just cucumber.  Delicious, delicious cucumber.  How?  Who cares?  
Dumpling dough so paper thin and sublime, you'd think 1990's Kate Moss was at you table.  
But the kicker, the real kicker  . . . half of us didn't realize we were eating tofu bits in the pork belly dish.  That's because they slice it the other way.  Cubes be damned.  Minus the moisture, I can almost see what those crazy vegans have been talking about.  Sure it was humbling to rave about bean curd, but that's the magic of Jack Chen's oasis in the desert of a too long forgotten corridor.
PS.  I wish I could tell you what the pictured appetizer really is.  But I can't because we mentioned it to the waitress, and decided against.  They brought it out anyway to prove a point.  Guacamole and Szechuan do go together.  Who knew?Food was delicious but service was awful. I had the drunken noodles and some samplings of my friends' meals and all was delicious. I wish that was enough to give it the rating it deserves but the wait staff is incompetent. Our waiter had such sloppy handwriting that he had to confirm orders on two separate occasions, 15 minutes apart. He also tried to give us 3 extra dishes that no one ordered (we sent them back), and of course we got charged for them. But he wouldn't admit his mistake! None of our party ate the dishes and we informed them of their mistake as soon as it happened, so why try to argue about it 45 minutes later? Settling the bill due to this mishap therefore took almost an hour. Preposterous. I'm sure I can find other places with equivalent food quality but with less hassle.In Philly for a couple of days for work and came across this small but happening restaurant . With a great dinning atmosphere,  you can  opt to sit inside or outside while listening to soft low music on the background while catching up with friends at the end of the day.
Great staff and service. Waitress was very attentive making sure that drinks were topped off. Tom Kha soup was delicious, we also ordered the cucumber salad which although very expensive...was indeed divine. 
would definitely go back and try different plates.
 If you like lychee or passion fruit be  sure to try their cocktails. super tasty with added fruit nectar and a good bit of boos.This is my favorite fancy thai place in philadelphia! If you want to be casual and lazy banana leaf is the spot. If youre looking for a fancy date night, birthday dinner Spice 28 is the spot. The drinks are huge and strong and the food is as spicy as you ask for! I had the drunken noodles and they were delicious! My friends who eat meat also loved their food. I recommend this place.So I've ordered lunch from here twice so I feel like I can make a fair assessment. The first time I ordered from here I got the pad thai with chicken. It wasn't awful. I've certainly had worse and certainly had better. If I were to rate this place then I would have given it maybe 3 1/2 stars. After my lunch the other day, my rating has gone down. I ordered the general tso chicken. It was the worst I've had in a while. My first bite I spit out. It was pure fat. There was barely any tender meat in the entire dish. I couldn't eat it. What a waste.Love this place! The drinks were amazing, the food was great, & me & my friend had the best waiter! Cannot wait to go back!I was led to Spice 28 by an article touting their drunken noodles as among the best Asian dishes in the US. I have now been back several times, and am never disappointed. Every dish I have gotten there has been really good, and I am hard to impress.
I live in the suburbs,  but pretty much any time I get into the city I try to talk my dining companions into Spice 28. The location is great, too!Favorite thai place in philly. Not only was the food delicious, but the service was amazing and the inside decor was pleasant as well. I got drunken chicken noodles. So flavorful. And I loved the thai iced tea!Went for unch yesterday with my mom. Not impressed. Service was sooo SLOW over 2 hours for appetizer and entree, had to get dessert to go because I was late for work (when we arrived we were the only people there and it was that way for 30 minutes, so no excuse for that). Server came by to apologize there was an issue/mix up in the kitchen and food would be out in 3 to 5 minutes...30 minutes later the food arrived..
Food was very good but the wait was certainly not worth it.
Size and portions were okay and plating was very pretty. 
IDK if I would go back or not..Advice is proceed with caution and don't go there is you've somewhere to be in the next 1.5 hrs or you're really hungry.The dumplings in oil were good.  But, the drunken noodles with beef were the worst I have ever had.  The noodles were over cooked and there were hardly any spices or flavor at all.  The thai beef basil also lacked flavor.  It was just some cut up veges with sauce and only three or four pieces of meat.  I would not order from here again.  My food looked nothing like the pictures other shared.While the food was good (not great), the service was slow and it too us 25 minutes to get our checks. If they could improve service, it would be a 3.5 star review.I absolutely loved the ahi tuna dumplings and the drunken noodles! Such a cute dinner spot. I would definitely stick to noodles as the chicken dishes didn't look as good. But I absolutely loved my meal.I've been here twice and the food is always great. Their lemonade/iced tea with mint leaves (I'm not sure exactly what it's called) is amazing!I work in an office at Broad and Chestnut, and lord knows I'm always looking for a good, inexpensive lunch spot. My usual is Saladworks (so expensive) or Grocery (there are only so many days in a week I can eat soup). And then I smelled my cube neighbor's lunch today. $7.44 got me wonton soup and what was possibly the best green curry I've ever eaten. It's labelled on the menu as a "1" on the spicy scale (3 is the highest), and I'm definitely glad that I didn't ask for it spicier. It probably would've been just as delicious, but when I'm at work, I don't want to sweat curry all afternoon. That said, the "1" had a great little kick to it. The chicken was tender, the veggies (carrots, peppers and greenbeans, maybe?) had just a little crunch in them, and the sauce was pretty close to heaven. Best part, the portions are large enough that I can easily get two lunches out of a meal. This restaurant opening actually makes me a little sad that I'm moving out of state in a week.
ps. Ask the hostess to turn on the bar while you're waiting for your take out. You won't regret it.I just can't understand the vibe! One of the worse services that I have ever got!
The first time I went there, it was during the restaurant week. The restaurant wasn't crowded, but it took a long time for our server to show up. I asked for a drink and ordered the three courses. My drink didn't show up before the appetizer.. it didn't show up with my appetizer .. and it didn't show up with my entree! So I had asked for it three times at this point! Finally, I got my drink toward the end of my entree. When the server brought the dessert, I made the mistake to ask for hot tea. After 30 minutes we got our check with no sign of hot tea. 
When I got back home I realized that the restaurant has told opentable that I didn't show up (why is that? to save money?!)!!!
Well, I should've known that I shouldn't go back! But I did!! Just because I love Thai food and I though Yelp can't be wrong!
I went two nights ago and only three tables were occupied. It took 15 minutes for somebody to show up. Long story short, we got our food 35 minutes after we went to the restaurant. When we got our entree my husband asked for extra limes, which of course never brought to our table! I had pineapple fried rice which was so bland with very sour pineapples, so I wanted to ask for some hot sauce, but nobody came to ask about our food. 
We were in the middle of our discussion whether we want to order dessert when our server showed up and put the check on the table, without even asking us if we need anything else (and it was one hour before their closing time)! 
Food wasn't anything interesting, service was terrible, and there are a lot of great restaurants 2 steps from this one.Contrary to other reviewers I love the dark trendy atmosphere.  It is fun, and certainly great for groups, dates, or most any occasion.  The portions are small, and consistent with the trends towards street food.  I had the Singapore noodles, and the duck appetizer.  The Tom Yum soup was more vegetable heavy with the right amount of Heat!  If you love Asian and mostly Thai food, you will love this place.  Let's drop the term Asian Fusion, which is a cuisine that I do not even acknowledge.  Asian Street food is what I love!  This is a little gem in Philadelphia Center City!I went here on a whim with friends who were in the mood for Thai food. We sat at the bar. 
The staff seemed a little overwhelmed. They took a while to take our order. The staff member who took our order didn't really explain the menu items well enough to someone who's not familiar with Thai food. I honestly am a Thai food new newbie. Prior I only have had Pad Thai, but I would have liked a little more direction on what they think I would like based on what I told them . 
I ordered the Chicken Drunken Noodles. They were fine but it was a little pricey for what I got. Nothing stood out in the meal I received.
The margarita drinks my friends had were delicious. 
Maybe the experience would have been different if we sat at the table but I wouldn't go out of my way to recommend this place to someone. It was not terrible, but not worth raving about either.I'm sitting here finishing the last of my delicious dinner.    Have to give a shout out to ED Utah Maria for referring me. The food was great and made spicy as requested. Had the  appetizer chili dumpling, noodles with pork and the sea bass and shrimp as a main dish. Loved the service and the server Jacob was fantastic.  
Great food, fast delivery and phenomenal service. Need I say more.Came here for happy hour with a friend. Ordered a whole bunch of appetizers: chicken skewers, ahi tuna dumplings, indian pancake, and lettuce wraps. Each were about $4.00 a piece. Ahi tuna dumplings were pretty interesting. They were served over guacamole and some type of salsa. It worked. Everything was tasty and service was consistent. No complaints.Visited here on a Sat night.  We only needed to sit 2 so we were lucky to find a table but I would suggest making a reservation before hand.
Ordered the Philly Love which was a martini with a cucumber flavor that was great.  My friend ordered a drink with a spicy taste (i forgot the name but it was at the bottom of the menu and it was great).
for my entree I ordered the The Signapore noodles which was noodles, with shrimp, beef and a whole bunch of other things.  i like my food pretty spicy and so I asked for my food to be made very spicy.  it came out and it was not spicy AT ALL.  so I had to wait for the waitress to come by  our table again and told her and she brought out this spicy oil which did the trick.  So I would suggest ordering the hot oil on the side if you like your food spicy.Delicious and reasonably priced. Service was very attentive. Nice variety on the menu.Such bad service and the people who come here have no class. The waitress was rude and was slamming the food on the table and gave me an attitude for asking for a box. My noodles were hard but the drinks were good.GREAT Asian fusion spot in philly - one of the best considering price. Great flavorful food, great happy hour deal, and service is usually good. Cocktails are a little pricy ($10) but pretty good. 
One thing is they don't always allow you to sit down and have happy hour. For some reason you only get the deal by the bar.
The decor of this place is pretty trendy too. 
If you like Thai / Chinese type food you'll love it here. 
Get the hot sauce chicken!This place is hands down a VERY good restaurant/bar. Let me just say that I stopped in two weeks ago as a result of reading some of the Yelp! reviews.  I am so glad I discovered it. The food was sooooo delicious. Since I was on business, I came in by myself and decided to sit at their bar. Very cool. (They have these huge floor to ceiling windows that open to the street to give it a very open/airy feeling.)  If I recall correctly, I had the ahi dumplings (which were fried) and came with avocado. Delectable!! I was also recommended to try the drunken noodles with shrimp. Yummmy!!! While I was having dinner, I got a chance to meet the owner, the bar manager and one of the bartenders. Everyone was super cool!!!  I'm definitely coming back. In fact, I gotta be in Philly this coming week....4.5/5
My friend and I came here for happy hour and had a great time! $4 wines from 4-7 and cheap apps. Appetizer wise we got the tuna dumplings and dumplings in chili oil. I don't think I would get the tuna dumplings again-the cooked tuna element was weird. The dumplings were good but they only give you 4. 
Here goes another one of my mapo tofu reviews: BIG NEWS-this place has replaced e mei as my number one place for mapo. Jiggly tofu, spicy but not crazy spicy plus not too greasy. Good amount of meat and huge portion. Only complaint is that they could of served more rice with the dish. I also love the fact that I can eat it in a restaurant and not an awkward Chinatown establishment. 
Our server was great. He kept the wine flowing and was very friendly!Excellent food. The service was a little suspect, but everything was corrected with a smile, so no complaints. Everyone had a great time!Gorgeous interior, with front doors that open for some al fresco dining, without the chance for getting your purse yanked off of your chair.  
I ordered a lunch special online (General Tso's and miso soup for $8) and the lunch potstickers ($4).  The special came with a choice of soup, so for $12 I have enough for Second Lunch later this afternoon.  
I received 5 potstickers with a dipping sauce, which were quite yummy, but I forced myself away from them to try the miso soup. 
Lots of seaweed in the soup, with a moderate amount of tofu.  Good depth of flavor.  Despite wanting to chow down the rest of it, I moved on to the General Tso's to get to it while it was at its best. 
I opened up the container, and was hit with a great cloud of nomminess.from the General Tso's   I dug in, and got to pieces of chicken that are just the right size, to properly mix crunchy coating with the tender chicken.  A bit smokey, a bit sweet, and a bit spicy of a sauce topped it all off, and wasn't too slimy or clingy.  A bit light on the broccoli, and it was a bit less crisp than I like, but overall, I'm going for the chicken, not the garnish.  
Service was prompt, and very attentive.  I paid my bill, and because I had just ordered minutes before, I had to wait for a few while it was cooked.  They sat me at the bar and poured some ice water.  I dropped something from my purse, and another server rushed to pick it up for me.  I didn't even have time to finish my water before my food was brought out.  It was packed securely, so that I could get it back to my office without making a huge mess.  
It would be a nice place to hang out after work as well, with the full bar, and open windows for the summer.  
Bonus -10% off for checking in!Excellent Shrimp Pad Thai. Not drowning in sauce like some places... Just the right amount. Walked right in on a Tuesday night. Busy, but plenty of tables. Great service, and fast. Will definitely be back when I'm back in Philly.My favorite Thai spot in the city. Great date spot. Food is on point. Drinks could be stronger but they're not so bad. Price is just right. Staff is very cool. Duck Drunken Noodle is always my choice. Or shrimp.I'm surprised at all the great reviews this place received.  The restaurant is cute and well decorated. But, the food was all very greasy, and dishes did not taste authentic. The flavors are ok, but most of the dishes tasted the same. The service wasn't that great either. The waiter was dressed in his coat ready to leave when he gave us the check - not very professional. Will likely not come back.Great food !! We went there for farewell lunch. Food was excellent but giving 3 stars for two reasons. 1 - The service was too slow, I think just one or two waiters , 2 - 60$ tip was automatically charged for a group of 8 people. Restaurants usually charge tip for large group but I think the percentage was too high.Only wish if the waitress's customer services skill was half as good as the bartender. Very disrespectful to customer and her coworkers, eye rolling, impatient, go feed yourself some of those if you want a unpleasant day.Great place, great food great atmosphere. I went after work, the bar seats are super comfortable.
The manager is near the door so he created me first. I order the dumpling in chili sauce and the crispy jumbo shrimp...AMAZING!! The bartender was supper friendly and served me in a timely manner. I love this place, will go againI like this place.  the decor is ultra modern, even sleek, the service is good, and the cooking is above average.  I understand they own a second place in Chinatown and this is the offshoot.  With Szechuan cooking and some interesting fusion items, I'm curious to see where things go.  Both times there, we had some problems with the food that was delivered, and then a friendly, helpful reaction from the manager but no movement to comp anything.  
The first time, we got a different appetizer than we ordered, ate most of it, then realized it was not what we ordered.  We talked to the server and then received the correct one but were still charged for the first one.  My friend wrote a Yelp review and was offered a discount on her next visit, which was nice, but why charge us initially?  
Yesterday at lunch, we got there when it wasn't crowded and then it got really busy.  Our order went in before the rush and then took a very long time to come.  I flagged the server and the food was delivered.  The entree was lukewarm and the rice was cold.  My friend (8+ months pregnant) ate hers, when she's hungry, she goes for it.
I sent mine back with the request for them to pack it "to go".  We had already been there 45 minutes and I was due back at work for a meeting.  The waiter was apologetic and I asked him to take my entree off the bill.  He sent the manager over, who was nice, friendly, and who explained that their food lamp/warmer had broken on Monday and he indicated that they had taken care of me by giving my food as takeout.  There was no offer to comp anything.  I felt like he was playing a game to see if I would actually insist on a comp.  I explained, again, that we had waited a long time, received cold food, that I didn't get to eat w. my friend.  I said, "I don't want to pay for this takeout entree."  He agreed, without a fuss, but why did I have to push for this?  They had messed up in a big way.    
Come on, guy, step it up!!  I eat out all the time and I'm a customer worth keeping.  You have a great space and very good food, but you need to take care of customers, esp. when the delivery of the food falls short.  
Might give it one more visit.There are once in a lifetime moments, and I have just experienced one at Spice 28. Being with someone you love and experiencing the layered taste is nothing short of orgasmic. We dined on the spicy tuna tempura rolls, spicy tuna pizza, which were both topped with aioli sauces, both melted in your mouth. The drunken noodles with chicken were prepared wonderfully. The basil was perfect, it gave a beautiful texture against the spiciness of the noodles, and the perfectly done chicken, which melted in my mouth.We love Szechuan, and when late one night we both had cravings for spicy, garlicky food we turned to delivery via Dining In. We're not huge fans of that particular delivery service, but they have the places we want to order from including any Szechuan place compared to others. I chose Spice 28 because I knew that my mother in law loves them. 
Delivery...took awhile. Not a huge deal, we were hoping it wouldn't take over an hour since the estimates are usually wrong, but it did take longer than Dining In said which when you pay an additional fee is annoying. The dan dan noodles (two orders...we can't share :P) and spicy cucumbers were tasty, but I think that I prefer Han Dynasty's. God knows they certainly used the right amount of garlic - our apartment smelled of it through the next day! I personally didn't think they were especially spicy, just a reasonable amount of heat, but I'm abnormal and could probably eat authentic Indian and not have sweat dripping down my face. My husband really enjoyed the dan dan noodles, though, so I'm willing to give Spice 28 another try - but maybe I'll pick it up myself, that delivery fee is ridiculous.It was very tasty but it was hard to understand anything there from the menu items to the server herself.  Overall a good experience.  The employees were all extremely nice and accommodating.Very bad service. I waited for 45 minutes and food didnt arrive while people that come later than me get their food first.The food was really cold and bad service wasn't good was rushed out. Need better service and foodWent there on DEC 15th 2013 with some friends. I had the Ahi Tuna dumplings and the shrimp dry pot. The dumplings were deeee-licious and the dry pot, which I had at a level 3 was flavorful and awesome. It could have been hotter but overall it was very good. My friends had the dry pot also just a different meat inside. I also had the mango-citrus basil lemonade, it. Was. Heaven. deff goin back.Nice food. Friendly staff. Nice ambience. Definitely recommended. Good chinese food and options.In my original review of Spice 28 I wrote that I would not consider going back there.  After posting my review on Yelp, the GM - Ben - contacted me inviting us to come back.  So, we did.  At Ben's request, I tried contacting him several times - through phone and Yelp - to let him know we would be coming, but I had no luck in reaching him.  But, we went anyway.  
We started off the meal with the rock shrimp and Indian pancake - both of which were absolute let downs. The portion size of the Indian pancake was embarrassingly small.  The rock shrimp battered had no flavor and was entirely dependent on the dipping sauces to provide it with any hint of spice.  
As with the first time we had gone to Spice 28, the waiters brought out our entrees prior to us finishing our appetizers.  And again, our entrees became lukewarm by the time we actually ate it.  We had the Pad Thai and Blue Crab Fried Rice.  The fried rice was poorly seasoned - all I tasted was pepper, lots of pepper.  The Pad Thai did not get any thumbs up either.
There was one point where we had two waitresses taking our order, and two waiters standing silently behind us.  Mmm...talk about awkward?
Needless to say, we won't be coming back, and due to the absolute disappointment, I'm knocking this down one star from my original review.Very inexpensive for great food!! Been there twice no complaints. Favorite part is the free wonton soup comes with two dumplings in it...never seen that done before it's unbelievable. Got the Kung pao chicken it was delicious and cooked just right. Very crispy but also juicy on the inside. Spent 10$ including tip. Go to place for quick meals and on a budget that's is still insanely good.My experience with Sichuan food can be likened to certain designer drug.  The first time you try it a number of questions run through your head; how much is too much?, Is this going to kill me?  Can I trust this Asian guy to sell me the real deal?  But you really just end up sweating a lot, yearning for more, and drinking a ton of water.  And you love it.  That's the addiction.
We also know with these types of things that your first time is your best.  My first time was with Han's.  It was the best time.  While this particular concoction was certainly nice too, producing the familiar effects of sweat, desire, love and regret but it's just not the same as that first time.  So this is why Spice gets 28 - 24 stars.
Side note #1: service here was absolutely phenomenal.  We had drinks at the bar while waiting for our reservation and were very well taken care of from start to finish.  This is a big differentiator here.  They truly seem to appreciate your business.  Go give em some.
Side note #2: You can make comparable Dan Dan noodles at home.  It's actually pretty easy.  The key ingredient? Tahini.  And good Sichuan peppercorns.  Watch for cheap versions that have a lot of stems in the bag.  Oh god, was that another drug reference?I ordered take out at lunchtime from Spice 28 today. They are currently in the soft opening phase. I was very impressed with the decor. The food was absolutely delicious. The offer both Chinese and Thai cuisine. The portions were large and the proces were very reasonable. I especially enjoyed the massaman curry. Spice 28 is a very welcome addition to the neighborhood.I'd like to start off by saying nothing is absolutely terrible about this place, but it's definitely not worth the money.  We made a reservation for two and were seated almost immediately. It was a bit cramped and loud, but it was fine for a table of two, not sure how comfortable I'd be with a large group. Once we placed our cocktail orders, it took about 20 minutes to receive them. I have no complaints about those and really enjoyed the drink with cucumber, but that could just be my bias.  
We ordered the rock shrimp and a noodle dish for appetizers. The rock shrimp was definitely the best part of the meal.  The noodles weren't anything special and were literally just spaghetti with some glaze sauce that we had to mix in ourselves.  We shared an order of Saigon Beef, which again, was fine, but nothing I couldn't have made myself, and I'm not a great cook. Again, not bad, but I gave it two stars for it just not being worth the price.  I probably would not go here again.First let me say the place is beautiful the staff is very friendly and my order was ready fast, maybe a little too fast.  I hate to say but I really didn't enjoy my food.  I ordered Pad Thai with extra tofu.  The Tofu taste just like grease and that through the rest of the food off, in addition my pad thai had very little sauce.  I know this is a fusion restaurant but classic dishes should be left alone and if you can't make a classic correctly then I must venture else where.Worst customer service ever. After finishing dinner, we paid the bill and continued chatting for about 10 min. The manager comes up to us and tells us to leave because he needs the table and there was another party waiting to be seated (meanwhile the restaurant was half empty). We've never been told to leave after paying the bill, anywhere. Won't come back to this place. Besides the food was average.Had the worst delivery experience . Only half the item got delivered. It's been an hour and a half since we called for the remainder of the items and they haven't yet arrived.I've been here twice for lunch. The service is great & fast and the General Tso chicken is juicy chunks of chicken breast...yum. I like the decor and atmosphere too.3.5 stars! I came here for sips, so cheap drinks and appetizers! 
I ordered a beer and some ahi tuna dumplings. The ahi tuna dumplings were pretty tasty! I think one order came with about 4/5 dumplings, each served on a bed of guacamole. Our table was pretty big so ordering food and receiving each order got a little confusing for our waiter. Understandable since everyone ordered something similar, and it could get a little hectic. Our waiter was great though! Among all of us, I think we tried about every dish on the sips special menu. One of the guys in our group ordered the chicken lettuce wrap and did mention that it was very spicy. So spicy that he actually couldn't finish it. The restaurant is called SPICE though, so take what you will.
Next time, I will come for an actual meal and see what this place is all about.Went back to Spice 28 again for a business lunch since I had a fabulous  lunch on my first visit. This time the front windows were open because it was a beautiful day. The lunch again was wonderful. The service was very good and friendly.  You have to try the chicken drunken noodle dish. Excellent.  Spice 28 is a great addition to the Midtown Village restaurant row,  just make sure you walk around the corner from 13th Street to Chestnut Street. Love this restaurant!  Great food, Great value, Great service.We ordered a few things, everything was very flavorful and service was great. The calamari Thai style was pretty good, beef and tripe cold plate had good flavor but didn't really care for the toughness of the meat so we asked to swap for the duck appetizer which was delicious but the portion was so small.  The best dish we had was the beef drunken noodles - tender beef, delicious flavor and the noodles were cooked perfectly - not too mushy or greasy.  I would go back for the drunken noodles.I'm a local and some sort of a regular to this place.  I stopped going because the food was getting inconsistent.  It has had its ups and downs over the years.  I called to give a heads up what I was experiencing.  The manager on the phone didn't seem to care.  Let's do the math. 
Our average order costs 85.00 for food and drinks for two
Our average visit was five times a month to equal 300 a month
Our average yearly contribution to spice WAS $5100.00
Bottom line is someone should care or at least care enough to capture $5100.00 in revenue.The best Asian courses I tried in Philadelphia.  
It's kind of fusion Asian cuisine.  But most of the dishes are really delicious.  I came with a group of friends and we just told the our budget is 30 box per person.  We were all full in the end and even tried every dish on the menu!  A not that pricey but really nice restaurant.I. Am. Obsessed.  You go girl (that's what I say when I'm complimenting myself on finding this place).  
I recently moved to the neighborhood and walked past Spice 28 a few times.  I saw the exterior and thought, meh another cheap, cheesy Thai place, it'll be gone in a few months.  Boyyy was I wrong.  I went with a friend one day to check it out and we ate ourselves well into a food coma.  The Blue Crab Fajita is absolutely delicious, as are the ahi tuna dumplings (come with guacamole!)  The dumplings in spicy oil are very mundane and the eggplant wasn't wasn't to my taste.  The Pad Thai and Dan Dan noodles were both very good, but nothing out of the ordinary.  We also received complimentary dessert, which was a great touch!
What really sets this place apart (besides those god damn delicious crab fajitas) is the amazing decor and the impeccable service.  The interior is extremely modern but also cozy ( I can totally see myself having my birthday party here!).  Also, you can tell that they are definitely trying to establish themselves because they are on top of their shit!  I even met the owner when I stumbled in two days after my first visit for takeout (yes, it's that addicting).  He was so sweet and humble, and it just made me love Spice 28 even more! 
It's been pretty empty every time I've gone, undoubtedly because it's newer.  Once word get out, though (and once they get their liquor license!), I can just imagine the Amada-esque lines'(and I will undoubtedly be spending way more time there than socially acceptable).I missed all the group outings that have occurred here recently, but I did finally get to stop in for dinner.  I'm starting with 3 stars for now because we had some service issues.  We were waiting a long time for our entrees (drunken noodles with chicken and dan dan noodles).  Everyone else around us was being served, and finally a waitress stopped by and said something about them making our dinner again because it had gotten cold.  The manager also stopped by and apologized, and gave us the wonton with guacamole appetizer on the house.  The drunken noodles were the stand out.  The dan dan noodles definitely aren't as good as Han Dynasty.  The dumplings in chili oil were good too.
I definitely appreciated the efforts to rectify the service problems, but we ended up being there for close to 2 hours.  I anticipate that I'll be updating this review to 4 stars once I get a chance to go back.Yes; go there. Dined there with a friend from out of town. I had the Szechuan Pork Bellies, he had the Pad Thai, and we split the tuna dumplings.  All awesome! Their prices are right on and the portions are generous. Great selection, too. And the Yelp reservation system worked like a charm. It was a Monday night so not crowded.  Small place, good bar. Great Center City place. I will be back for more!We had their pineapple fried rice, pot stickers, pad thai, and wonton soup and it was absolutely delicious! Definitely will be going back because their lunch specials are very affordable. They are also always on time if you are picking up which is great. They have grubhub coupons you should use if you never used grubhub before!great place! it has a very modern/ chic decor, which i loved. (they blasted the AC though, which took away a bit from dining experience)... otherwise, staff was great. Their dishes are not as spicy as I would've liked, but definitely very tasty! I'd say pretty comparable to the ones I had while visiting china. It's also very well priced :)My husband and I dined here recently and really enjoyed it. It's a bit dark and I always hate when tables are less than a foot from each other, but it wasn't crowded so the seating was ok. Our server was attentive and the food came out extremely quickly. It was flavorful and hot. I recommend the Dan Dan Noodles, they were as good if not better than Han Dynasty. I had an excellent pear martini. We will definitely return.As a Philadelphia "midtown" resident, I was pleased to see a new restaurant coming to the area, and not only to the area, but to Chestnut Street (rather than 13th between Chestnut and Walnut where we already have a glut of amazing restaurants and shops). Here's hoping that the good food (and good shops) keep moving down Chestnut!
Spice 28's waitstaff was superbly friendly (handshakes and name exchanges) and attentive without being irritating. The food was delicious across the board: tom yum soup (spicy, especially enjoyed the snap pea pods!), chili mini wontons (nice heat!), potstickers (just as they should be), wonton soup (nice broth), vegetarian drunken noodles (does not come spicy).
Must give an individualized nod to the special order of spicy tuna wonton atop guacamole: fabulous!After seeing Spice 28 come up in my Yelp feed, I definitely wanted to give it a try after seeing it be compared to Han.  
A friend and I met at the new restaurant, and were pleased upon entry.  The space is great-very modern.  The staff is friendly, and service definitely comes with a smile.  
For starters we got the lettuce wraps, which is more of an Asian chicken salad meant to be eaten on its own.  It was delicious, and had a nice little kick to it due to the hot peppers used.  We also got the spicy cucumbers-yum.  I love the sauce they're prepared in.  We got the try the spicy gyoza.. it was an interesting mix of ingredients, and the guac under the gyoza was fresh and tasty.
I ordered Tom Yum soup, and that did not disappoint.
For an entree my friend and I got some veggie fried rice, which was good, and a the beef dry pot, which was delicious and full of Sichuan peppercorns.. which have a mouth numbing effect. yow.    
The employees were super friendly,and service was great.  
I'll definitely go backOrdered delivery. I got the drunken noodles with Chicken and Indian pancakes. Both were good the pancakes were my favorite with the curry dipping sauce. 
The noodles were a little caked together I'm assuming for to the fact it was put in a container but it had lots of chicken and just enough spice. 
The pancakes came quartered and had a good curry dipping sauce. I got my order delivered within 30 min.Had the double cooked pork belly. The dish was pretty good but some of the pork pieces were overcooked and a bit harder to chew.  Drinks were good and the ambiance was good too.  I'd say this place was more fusion than Szechuan especially since the dishes weren't even all that spicy. Service was good and the staff was friendly (even late into the evening when I'm sure everyone wanted to just go home).Have had pickup here a couple of times and it's been excellent both times. The inside looks funky and fun and I definitely wanna grab dinner here sometime.After seeing the rave review that my sister (Hyun-Ha K.) gave, I decided to give Spice 28 a try today. When we got to the restaurant, the owner greeted us at the door & asked "do you have a reservation" in a weird way which made me & my boyfriend give each other a look. The restaurant was empty, why would you ask us that question? Do you not want us to spend money in your restaurant?
We ended up ordering the tuna avocado salad, the Saigon beef (after the server raved about it), the drunken noodles, & the ahi tuna dumplings. The tuna avocado salad was good, with fresh chunks of tuna, avocado, spinach leaves all dressed in a spicy mayo/yuzu sauce. We then received the entrees of the saigon beef and the drunken noodles. The drunken noodles were on point, tasting of basil with a good kick to it. They were just like the ones you usually get at a decent Thai place. Now onto the Saigon beef. My boyfriend said it tasted like a1 steak sauce. But after I took a bite, I immediately knew the taste. It tasted just like KFC's boneless honey bbq wings. It cracked me up how much it tasted exactly like those boneless chicken wings! The ahi tuna dumplings were okay, I didn't like how the tuna was cooked, it would have been so much better with raw ahi tuna, but the dish was fine. 
Now onto the annoying parts of dinner. 
1. We NEVER got our water refilled. The servers were clearly not paying attention to us, seeing how every other table got their own carafe of water, while we were ignored. 
2. The servers never asked us how our food was, or even offered any rice to us fo the Saigon beef entree. The servers avoided our table like we were the black plague. Why? I don't get it. We ordered a good amount of food, and we were very friendly to the staff. 
3. The other tables were offered free dessert, while we were offered none. The female owner went around to the other tables and chit chatted with the diners, but failed to come to talk to us. 
With bad service, comes a bad tip. I've never been treated so indifferently at a restaurant. The only plus of the restaurant was the decor. With the way the servers were running around and talking to each other about how dishes were coming out incorrectly (the plus of having a boyfriend who speaks Mandarin), it's safe to say I won't be frequenting this establishment ever again.Went there for my birthday dinner. I booked more seating than I needed too but the staff was really cool about it, haven't always had this experience. 
We had a very large amount of guests with us and we were pretty loud and needy.. needless to say, they were extremely accommodating to us. They checked on us multiple times and the service was excellent. 
The food was amazing. I often to go there for lunch specials or happy hour because you can't pass up the deals. The dumplings, pot stickers, and spring rolls are delicious and you can't go wrong with any these choices.
My group of friends loved all the food, ambiance and service. Would definitely go back for any occasion- date, birthday dinner, drinks with friends. 
There isn't a thing on the menu I wouldn't try!
Also the owner is always there, that truly shows how much he cares about the business. I love food and I love Spice 28. Thank you for an awesome birthday dinner!Friends, fiancee and I ate here for New Year's Eve dinner, as this was one of the only places that didn't have a ticketed event (originally tried Bru, then they suddenly started a ticketed open bar).
That said, we were really impressed by the place: the modern decor is pleasing (think slightly-nicer-than-Crazy Sushi), the food was fine and moderately-priced, and drinks were interesting Asian-style takes on typical cocktails (I had a Thai basil gimlet which were nice and refreshing). Our server was also friendly and helpful with suggestions, etc.
The fiancee and I shared shrimp green curry (which was okay - I could have handled much more spice and overall flavor) and seafood lo mein (which was  a nice, large portion and fine - neither outstanding nor bad).We sat at the bar last week and the bartender Benny recommend the cumin Lamb. OMG! The lamb will was so good with just the right amount of heat, The food and service where amazing we will be back for sure! 5star quality.I went back there visiting philly again and I can tell you they are even better than before. I tried their Cumin Garlic Seabass which was so flavorful and had a great blance of flavors. I proceed to try their Mee Siam Noodle and I would say they are on par even with the restaurants in New York. I am very impressed again and the cocktails are amazing. Philly love which has a very refreshing taste. I am content with the experience again.My husband had the sampler and loved the lamb, He's still talking about it.
I had the paneer tikka masala it was ok, But I loved the naan with coconut in it.
What weirded me out was how like an American restaurant they were trying to be.  Soup and Salad before the meal.  And the wait staff had something going on in the room where I'm guessing the cash register or ordering station was, just felt strange.This place is just too damn good.
I came here on a cute lunch date, when the wait at El Vez was out of control. In hindsight, I'm actually very pleased about it. The hostess was totally adorable, and gave us a very nice table by the window. The decor in here, by the way, is also totally adorable--super trendy and modern, with lots of natural light.
In case you weren't aware: (I wasn't) Blue Moon and Pad Thai is definitely a winning combo. I couldn't believe how delicious my meal was, and my date was equally pleased with his. Our waitress was very attentive and pleasant. It seems like everyone who works here wears a smile, and it's contagious!
Honestly, I can't imagine having a bad experience here. Be suspicious of any review below five stars! The atmosphere is fantastic, the food is divine, and the service is efficient and welcoming. I'd come back any day of the week.I frequently come here when I visit Philly......mostly because I like to sit next to the window and watch the endless parade of passers by.  I always feel like I'm intruding when I come here,barely present, a possible nuisance.  The food is good enough and the staff just friendly enough to avoid being rude.  I always wonder if it would be busier if the people were friendlierWent here for the first time for dinner after a long day of skiing. Wasn't sure what to expect upon walking in since the ambiance was way too modern and western style for a Chinese restaurant. However, I'm glad I didn't let that stop me, because the food was 100% authentic. It really is legitimate Chinese food, competing with the best of restaurants in Chinatown. The prices are a little more expensive than your typical Asian place because it seems they are intentionally trying to set themselves apart in both ambiance and price. It gives a more westernized style of dining with authentic Asian cuisine.In the "Japanese style grilled chicken" lunch special, spice was noticeably absent.  Wonton soup tasted canned, and only had one sad slice of bok choy and two wontons.  The wonton filling was unremarkable.  No other veggies present.  
The chicken was noticeably NOT grilled, but pale, with a thin, nearly tasteless teriyaki sauce, and not enough of it to flavor the side of rice.  
Disappointed.This was one of the worst dining experiences I have  encountered in Philadelphia. The tables were wobbly and caused our drinks to spill. The servers were at times overbearing, repeatedly asking us questions and attempting to take our order. When you wanted them they were impossible to flag down. The food was bland and cold. There are plenty of better restaurants in the area as this one is not worth your time.Delivery was quick, which was great. I've only ordered from Circles Thai before, whose delivery is usually painstakingly slow. I ordered pad thai and peking duck buns to compare. The duck buns were tasty, but the sauce was a little too salty and the meat was a little drier than it should've been. I'd probably give it a 4/5 for taste but a 3/5 overall for the price. I only got two small duck buns. The pad thai was average at best: 70% noodles that were rubbery and chewier than I like, 30% meat, limp bean sprouts, barely any flavor, and absolutely no spice. Did it taste bad? Not really, but it didn't really taste like anything either once I ate most of the chopped peanuts. I ordered it really spicy and it was milder than mild. At least the pad thai from Circles Thai had discernible flavor. I might give Spice 28 another try but maybe way in the future.The drunken noodles were decent. They weren't spicy at all but it at least had some flavor. The penang curry on the other hand is a different story. Probably the worst curry I've ever had. It was very bland with absolutely no flavor. All I could really taste was the coconut milk.By far one of my favorite places to grab a quick bite to eat and some drinks. Their Rock Shrimp is phenomenal. My friends and I love this place.Really yummy and SPICY Chinese food in Center City. They add spicy oil to their dishes to make them nice and spicy which I really like because I LOVE spicy food. The interior of the restaurant is also really nice and fun with different colored lights emitting from the bar. Their only downfall I believe is that their service is really reeeeally slow. It took about an hour for my entree to come out and my family and I were the only customers at the time. That was actually really annoying and we were dying of hunger. The waitress was extremely nice however and apologized for the delay, which I appreciated. Definitely go and check it out!Food was yummy and fresh.  It came out quick and hot which is always important to me , nothing worst than cold or luck warm food. Super cute and the service was very good.This Review is for their take out/ delivery. Super fast delivery service with piping hot food. Maps tofu is my go to from there and the fish filet hotspot style. I get the Szechuan flavored items, which are solid but wish they had more sections like mungbean noodles with chili sauce.Pad Thai deliciousness! Some of the best Thai food I have had in a while. Def recommend this place but not the dessert - was not up to parDisclaimer: Ordered delivery via Grubhub.
Driver called me to tell me he was here, was actually down the street. So I stood at the door and flickered the porch light to get his attention. He drove down the street, stopped in front of my house and stuck the bag of food out of his car window...great start.
On to the food. Got the roast duck salad "Boneless duck and spring mix tossed with toasted sesame dressing and peanuts." It was about 6 1" long slivers of duck on top of some mix greens. No peanuts and the dressing was the weirdest thing. Passed it around and we came to the conclusion that it was honey + 7up. Got Tom Yum soup "Bell peppers, mushrooms, cherry tomato and cilantro". Had zucchini and pineapple in it, not terrible but would be nice to know all the ingredients.
Spring roll was probably the worst spring roll ever to cross my taste buds. Ordered wonton soup with pork, found chunks of chicken meat (I hope that is what it was, surely wasn't pork). At least the wasabi mashed potatoes were as described and didn't have some other random ingredients that weren't disclosed.
Not eating here ever again.I went here the other night for a date night. When we got there it actually turned out to be restaurant week which was cool. So, we had reservations made way in advanced but when we arrived they said "let me check if we have any tables" .... Why would they need to do that if we made reservations a day ago!? Then they only had the table by the freezing cold window at the bar available. 
When we finally got situated at our table we had the bartender as our server. As the night went on our server changed probably 3 times. The service was really really slow.
For dinner I ordered the Pad Thai with beef;
Which was delicious! My boyfriend ordered the Singapore street noodles which was too spicy to have more than a few bites of. 
At the end of the meal; for two people it came to be about $120 including our tip. The food and experience was not worth the price. I would probably not go back there again; Han Dynasty remains our #1 spot!Came here with my dad and had a great dinner! The veggie drunken noodle was delicious, as was the Chicken Dry Pot. The Chicken Dry Pot was actually very spicy (I never know when to take the three peppers seriously in restaurants) and left our mouths burning. Yummy, nevertheless. I liked the sleek interior design of the restaurant, and the servers were friendly and attentive. Am definitely coming back here at some point!Excellent food and dining experience. Recommended Appetizers: Ahi-tuna dumplings, pot stickers and Thai calamari. 
Entrees: pineapple fried rice w/ chicken or shrimp. Drinks: "Philly Love" 
Excellent service, reasonably priced.I came here for late lunch on a Saturday, I liked the decor of the restaurant, it's trendy.  They have outside seating. The best thing about this place was the trendy comfortable chairs near the outside of the restaurant. 
As for the service, the waitress was friendly so no complaints there. We ordered the roti curry appetizer. The bread that came with the curry was a little on the greasy side, it was more like Chinese scallion pancakes without the scallions.  I'm use to roti being more thin and less oily. 
The pineapple fried rice was good but not impressive. The drunken noodles was really good.
The dessert is a must try, it was the espresso truffles which is espresso ice cream on the outside and truffles melted on the inside which was absolute out of this world amazing!!! Best thing out of this restaurant, I would come back just for this dessert.I've been here three times now, for restaurant week, with friends, and with my dad, showing him my more "eclectic" tastes. This is hands down my 2nd favorite Thai spot in Philly.
My menu favorites:
The Crispy Duck Salad- Succulent duck with fresh greens. It works so well and you don't have to work through bones either.
Crispy Calamari- Wonderful crispness and a good go to definitely. The sauces that come with it enhance already fantastic flavors. 
Ahi Tuna Dumpling- Didn't think that tuna would work in dumplings- but Spice delivers. I suggest the fried version.
Rock Shrimp- Very tasty and either the chili aoili or curry glaze work well.
Drunken Noodles- You really can't go wrong with drunk noodles and Spice keep the noodles from being soggy while ensuring bold flavors. Beef or chicken are clear winners.
Also, can I just say...their desserts are off the hook. A little pricey, but so delicious I can forgive the dent in my wallet. The CoppaStracciatella is divine. Seriously. The pyramid is also yummy. You can easily just come here for dessert and coffee and be very satisfied.  
Hoping to go back soon to try the other menu items. So jealous of those close enough to catch lunch here.While I only stopped in for a drink, I enjoyed a calm evening at Spice 28. The cocktails there are lively and in keeping with the Asian fusion concept. Expect lots of fruity albeit unusual drinks like the Ginger Cosmo. The inclusion of the ginger made the drink more appealing to me, as I tend to be a "double whiskey, neat"-type of gal. The facade was open so it wasn't too hot or cold on a September night. The illuminated, color-changing bar top was pleasant and added to the relaxed and alluring ambiance. Service was prompt and the venue was small, but tidy and comfortable. This is a great spot for a girls' night out or after work drinks with coworkers.Love the ambience..very friendly waitress..10% off checked in from yelp is awesome..we actually wanted togo to han dynasty..but they are full and since we were 8 peoples include kids its just too crowded and they said we have to reserve couples day earlier..wow
But think to bring kids to spice 28 on Saturday nights for dinner is inappropriate since the bar is full to...
 Ok dan dan noodles very yummy hehe..stir fry string bean is good BUT the SPICY THING chicken,shrimp and beef that we had is so salty...its really good flavor iits just toooooo salty...I felt like eating salt in my mouth so do all my friend's told me..so its not me problem... 
Overal its okaay...Great ambience, excellent service, and the dry pot chicken was excellent, though it lacked the nuance of Han Dynasty's. I only docked a star because it's listed as a Szechuan restaurant, when it is actually a Thai/fusion-ish place with a small Szechuan menu. Killer food, though.Disorganized management is the impression I got. 
The service was terrible. We asked for the gluten-free menu (which they advertised that they had on Facebook) but the waitress was unaware of it. She said there is one dish that is gluten free and that is about it. Called the general manager, and they had a mini argument right behind me regarding the gluten-free menu. (what?). Had to wait 15-20 min to order our drinks and had to wait another 15 min to get our drink. Our waitress forgot about one of our drinks so we had to ask another waiter for it. After we placed our order and finally got our dish (after another long wait), the dish itself was really really mediocre. Nothing impressive. 
Sure, they could have had an unusually bad night; but, if I'm paying for it - monetarily and with my time, I expect them to deliver, and well, in this case, they simply did not.Beautiful decor. Friendly service. Food was solid. Mango shrimp salad was light and full of flavor. Duck was cooked nicely served with brown rice and mixed vegetables. Portion sizes are good size I would recommend 1-2 apps and one entree each for every two people. It's the kind of place you have try multiple times so you can try most of the menu.Great pan-Asian culinary execution and flavor pairings served up in a semi-reflective space tunnel with a neon bar. Lots of selection and creativity on display. Staff was nice.Great vibe! Love the decor. I went for lunch on a Sunday and there was a large range of age groups, plenty of pre-teen children, young adults and older. The jumbo crispy shrimp was amazing as was the Thai calamari. Unfortunately the pad Thai was not the best. On their 1-3 star level for heat, one was flavorless and two was vaguely sweat. They said three was too hot to handle but I can not see that being true. The dish looked great with nice portions of both chicken and tofu but something was missing. Maybe it was the sauce or lack there of? Overall it was a chill experience but disappointing because I went just for the pad Thai. 
I expected more from a restaurant so highly rated on Yelp.Food was great! I've been here a few times before, mostly takeout. My friend and I sat in for lunch today. After waiting 15 minutes to place our order, my friend finally ask our waitress (while she brushed pass us) could she take our order. She walks over and ask us "ok, what do you want?"... I have never in my life had a server speak to me that way. I probably won't be back.Ordered takeout from this place. Terrible service. The "hostess" was turned around eating and watching loud videos on her phone at the front desk. The food was revolting. Soggy calamari, dry beef satay with lumpy peanut sauce, and dry roast duck with a disgusting watery hoisin sauce. At least the steamed rice was okay. There were about 10 people sitting inside and the staff of 3 was completely overwhelmed. Avoid this place at all costs.Fun funky vibe throughout the whole restaurant with the lighting and bar. The bathroom is spot on clean too. It is behind the curtains so it maybe tricky to spot. 
Chili sauce and wontons is a must!
Same goes for the cucumbers appetizer! You are going to need to ask for extra napkins, but they both are refreshingly tasty. Both oils used are delicious. 
The prices are worth it here and I never felt cheated. It's Asian food not with the cheap tacky chairs and dingy tables. Everything looks clean and polished with a fun touch. The whole set up is more inviting than any other take out or dine in spot. 
The server I had was nice and took care of us to make the train.Horrendous service, took an hour to get the wrong order and owner didn't even care. Never going back.OK, they get 5 stars for food, but only 1-2 for their wine list and cocktails. The pad Thai was scrumptious and the mini won tons in chili oil were to die for, but the entire wine list consisted of cheap, low quality wines that you can buy for $5-7 per bottle and they have the nerve to ask $9-10 per glass.  The owner says their "real" wines will come in next week, so maybe you will have some better options. For now, go for the food and take your own wine if you want anything better than college student fare.Not a native to Philly restaurant/nightlife but went to Spice 28 as recommended by a good friend. We went on a Monday night during Happy Hour. Spice 28 is conveniently located near the Market East train station and Macy's next to City Hall. The area, as I was told, is part of a gay community where a bunch of restaurants are owned by two older women. 
Spice 28 has outdoor seating which is nice on a not-so-hot-and-humid summer day. The interior design is a mix of modern asian meets urban chic. When I went they had two menus including a drink menu. We had a Long Island Iced Tea and a Watermelon Wheat Beer (so good!) and some entrees. I love spicy food so definitely recommend the Drunken Noodles and my friend suggests Pad Thai. The portions are reasonable and decently priced for central Philadelphia. As far as parking is concerned there are some parking lots nearby but its probably best to bike or take SEPTA.Pad Thai was the best I've had and the chicken lettuce wraps were excellent.Went here with 7 of my college friends. The food was great, well-priced, and large portions and the servers were very friendly. They let us bring about 60 beers and some wine, gave us an ice bucket, and helped remove beer from the table. On top of that, they gave us free dessert. All in all a great experienceFood was decent and decor was nice. Very noisy. Dessert was the best part of the meal.. Triple chocolate...spice 28 was great! the food was on time warm and tasty. after glancing over the menu and ordering our food we decided to order drinks. i had the dragon nectar my boyfriend had baileys and xo patron on the rocks. Good drinks nonetheless, my only issue is that a random waitress came up and asked the bartender what he was making, before the bartender handed us our drinks the waitress grabbed two straws, placed them into my boyfriends drink, and basically took a shot. Disgusting, unethical, and down right unprofessional. I have never in all of my years of dining and sitting in the bar area experience something so unsanitary. Like I stated above the food, great. The nasty disgusting waitress, needs to go. I don't plan on eating here again until I know that customer service policies are changed and she is no longer an employee there.One of my favoriate place to go when i was around philadelphia area . 
Full bar with cute bartenders 
resonable price for high quality food. 
Love the manager Ben (he is cute)
highly recommend the appetizer dishes.I get the lunch special which comes with soup. The drunken noodle is really good just a little spicy. The miso soup is excellent and the Indian pancake is to die for. I've also had the shrimp with broccoli but I believe they call it something different. That was good as well , the portion was just small.Go with the Szechuan classics they are awesome. One caution if getting take out, the Dan Dan noodles don't travel well.Hands down best Drunken Noodles I've ever had - which says a lot coming from someone who just recently came back from Thailand. Ask for extra spicy - even "10 hot" barely left my mouth tingling.  However, to be fair, I should say I have a high tolerance for spicy food. If you can't take the heat... 
Note: This dish makes phenomenal hangover food! 
I can't speak to the rest of the menu, however, the Dry Pepper Style entree leaves something to be desired. If you're looking for some chicken with your chilis this is not the dish for you.
They're also know for their cocktails. If you're a fan of mint you can't go wrong with the Shisojito.Great place for a date. Yummy food, very chic atmosphere, and not too pricey. Waitstaff was excellent! Very attentive, friendly and gave great recommendations. I would definitely eat here again.I had dinner with friends here tonight for the first time! Even though the service was a little slow, the food was tasty and ambiance cozy. The egg rolls were just ok but the duck buns were juicy and moist. We had Saigon beef, silky tofu, garlic eggplant and a spicy fish stew. They were all good, especially the eggplant. The drinks were decent as well. I will definitely return!It's no Han Dynasty but it's alright. The spicy cucumbers have little flavor to them. The tom yum soup has a decent amount of sourness to it but could definitely use a little more spices in it. Overall, the food could use more flavors, although I really like the sweetness of Szechuan style.We came here on a lunch date sans kids. My wife had the Thai Basil Rice and I had the Singapore Street Noodles..... where to begin???
Thai Basil Noodles: savory, sweet basil. The rice was amazing and perfectly soft. A hint of spice but overall savory.
Roasted Tomato Salad: must get as a starter. The roasted tomatoes are done in a very sweet almost glaze.
Street Noodles: worth every penny. Spicy? VERY! The pork and noodles make this dish what it is. No sauce but all spice!
The décor is smart and modern. Its very classy and sophisticated but not pretentious. The staff was attentive. Make are you ask for recommendations. 
If you like spice, Spice 28 is a MUST for fans of Asian cuisine..... real Asian cuisine.Ordered delivery from them on several occasions. Pineapple fried rice is one of my faves, as well as the Singapore street noodles--but quite spicy so be aware!We dined here on a Friday night with two kids. The waitress was awesome and wasn't annoyed by having kids in her section. 
We enjoyed everything we ordered. Our drinks were also delicious!
They have a couple tables right by the front that are in front of the large open window. If you're a party of two I'd recommend trying to get reservations for those tables!
Great place to eat with Gluten free options!This is our first time, we were craving for some Asian food and accidentally happen to see this place in yelp had good review and wanted to give a try. Mainly this had roti canai (Indian pancake) .. Everything is really good and liked the lunch a lot. Only thing is the quantity was lessI'm here during restaurant week. Tbh I wasn't expecting a ton because I figured it's a busy week so they'll push food out quickly. BOY WAS I WRONG. The crab avocado salad was a revelation. A full half avocado with crab meat inside and just enough balsamic. Followed that up with chicken wontons. No idea what's in that spicy concoction of a sauce. Don't care. It was everything I wanted and more. Got to the main entree. Not to toot my own horn but I used to work at a Thai restaurant so the Panang is usually starting at a disadvantage before it arrives. This was good not great Panang. Chicken was on point. Cooked well and simmered well in the sauce. The sauce itself was disappointing. I'd give it a 6 overall. Sorry not sorry. Next up is the dessert. Live on the wild side. Got the Thai classic, sticky rice with green tea ice cream. You can't go wrong with it and I wasn't disappointed. Overall visit a 9/10. Service was great. Food was delectable. Definitely would recommend.This place is great! I recently went with my girl friend for the first time and we had a great time. The place is a very clean and comfortable place, where you can relax, talk and have a great meal. We went on a Saturday night at around 5:30 and it was already pretty packed. 
We started with the Spicy Cucumbers... These are really GOOD! Then for main dish, we ordered Drunken Noodles and Thai Green Curry. They were both fantastic! It was my first time I had Drunken Noodles and loved it! The green curry was very good as well, but not as spicy as other places. It was perfect for us because everything else we ordered was very spicy.Service: Delivery - they charge a delivery fee and then the delivery guy is quick to tell you that he only gets paid in tips, and that he doesn't see any cut of the delivery fee because he is a third party.  I have pretty strong feelings against delivery fees like this - especially if they are not being passed on to the deliverers.  Surely the money you are saving from not having to have a waitstaff attend to me, wash dishes, take up a table etc. makes the delivery a wash financially.  Paying a delivery fee and a tip on top of $15 chinese entrees that go for $8 in less metropolitan locations is a bit much.
Food:  Others have mentioned the excessive salt - they are right.  Dried pepper chicken had an interesting and unique texture, spiceness was good, but the salt load was overwhelming.  Could not finish it.  Willing to bet Spice #28 on their spice rack is Sodium Chloride.i haven't been here over 2 years. i used to come here a lot and had a 2 year hiatus and gosh, have things changed!!! i used to love their sichuan dishes but this time around, it was very bland, no kick at all, not spicy, and just luke warm. very disappointed, especially with their sichuan dishes .What an unexpected surprise. I was walking around Center City in a haze of "I don't want any of this but I'm hungry" when I saw Spice 28 is having a soft opening. So I took myself out to a really delicious lunch for $8.
My question of "What is kam oyam chicken?" was met with, "It's spicy...sour...it's good. You want?" It was the only thing on the menu of Asia's greatest hits that I didn't recognize, so I thought, "What the heck. Sure." Excellent. It's a creamy curry chicken with potatoes. I suspect the sauce is what's used for the roti canai (aka "Indian pancake"). Thumbs up. And the tom yum soup that came with it was legit spicy. My mouth burned a little, but it was a great punch of flavor. 
I would be psyched to go back and try, oh, everything. Nice modern decor, a wait staff that seems excited. Not that I don't love EZ Bargain for all of my tube sock needs, but here's hoping Spice 28 is a start of great new stuff on this block!Super spicy dry pot chicken , but really good. The waiter was awesome and the drinks were good.Love this place! The basil beef, tum yum soup and green curry was delicious! Love the atmosphere and lighting.Spice 28 is a spicy asian fusion restaurant with a cool interior. Mixes flavors from Thai, Szechuan, and Japanese. Good drinks and cocktails. Try the Thai crispy red snapper and tangerine duck entrees. The Philly Love cocktail is good too.Really good place.
Bartenders are really nice, cocktails awesome and food delicious. Happy hours menu is great and 10% with yelp, yay!Excellent appetizers, who knew that guacamole went well with Asian fusion?
Service was excellent, very friendly staff!
A word of warning, my friend and I ordered the Three Pepper Chicken, it was very good, and very spicy, but one of the ingredients used made both my and my friend's mouth start to go numb.  This isn't a spicy thing, since I can eat peppers like a champ, but was some other spice (we think cloves?) that left an unpleasant numbness which spread around the tongue and lips.
All in all, great ambiance, and definitely an eatery that I would return to again!Service was great!
Food is definitely spicy. Tofu satay was great with additional peanut sauce :) :)Wow. Yelpers my faith in your reviews diminished a bit after this one. I only had 2 things on the menu but OMG it was enough to leave. 
Under the recommendation of the waiter as their "best appetizers" I got the blue crab quesadilla and the peking duck crepe. 
Blue crab quesadilla - ok so I am in Philadelphia so  maybe I should have expected it. This dish is basically a cream cheese filled empanada. NOT AN EXAGGERATION!  Can't taste the crab and there Is so much cream cheese that some of it is still cold in the middle. It served with 2 sauces a sweet "something" sauce and mayo. It was so delish.......NOT!!!
Peking duck crepe - Yikes. They take a little bit of duck with some vegetable and wrap it in a crepe. Then it goes all wrong. They take the crepe and pan fry it. It is not like the traditional style that is clean where you can taste the duck. This one is like an oily sponge and the only thing you can taste is the Hoisin sauce. A good thing is that they do put the sauce on the side. But I had to use a good amount of it to drown out the canola oil taste. 
With all that said, the beer was great. Got to love Sapporo.  Oh but when they served it to me they just gave me the bottle without a glass. Where am I at a neighbors BBQ?Happy Hour EVERY DAY from 5 until 7... uh, YEAH!!
MY girlfriend and I were happy hour hopping and we ran in to Spice on our way to Wine and Spirits... what?  Doesn't everyone buy their own liquor just in case they run in to a BYOB spot on their way to happy hour? :-)
This place is pretty good.  We came here once before (on the same exact mission), but only got a couple drinks.  This time, we got apps!!  First, our long islands were ONLY $5 AND the server/bartender asked if we like them strong.  uh, YEA!  So we ordered four.  Next, the appetizers.  We only ordered the chicken satay and chicken lettuce wraps because we had planned on noshing at a couple other places as well.
The chicken satay was pretty yummy, but the peanut (peanut butter?) sauce that came with it was pretty gross in our opinion.  It almost tasted like melted, tasteless organic peanut butter.  The oil had separated from the other ingredients and was just terrible.  NO NEED TO FEAR!  Me, being the condiment queen that I am, asked for sweet thai chili sauce for dipping andSo Yummy!!
I live in the neighborhood and have been passing this place for quite some time now. Finally made it over on a Friday eve. A+ experience through and through. Seated and served quickly. 
Ordered:
Dan Dan Noodles A+ 
just as good as Han Dynasty
Chicken Lettuce Wraps A+
Chicken Skewers A
Spicy Cucumbers A+
Will return for sure!Spice 28 is a Hidden Gem and an Asian Heaven at 1228 Chestnut Street. The beautiful modern decor, the fabulous food, and the friendly staff is an extremely pleasant addition to Midtown Village. The lunch menu is very, very reasonable, absolutely delicious, and interesting spicy, aromatic flavors explode as you indulge. Spice 28 is the best Asian food in the area. Make sure when you go to the 13th corridor known as Midtown Village, you stroll over to Chestnut Street to enjoy Spice 28 while you can get a table before they becomes the new hot spot in Center City.HORRIBLE SLOW SERVICE. The food was pretty good. However the service was horrible. The waiter did not come and check on us. They did not refit our beverages either. I had the drunken noodle and Thai calamari.I miss Sichuan/Chengdu style chinese food I ate at Billerica, MA. This comes close. I like their Dry pot style, hot sauce style chicken and fish. also the cumin lamb is pretty good.We had an amazing dinner Christmas day.  The family wanted to go to Chinatown and I encouraged them to open their mind to Spice 28.  My husband and I had drinks and appetizers here this summer and wanted to give it a try for dinner.  It did not disappoint.  The appetizers and entrees were all delicious, as were the drinks and dessert. We had 2 birthdays in our party and they both received free dessert, an added bonus.  Will return!Many reviews I've read about this place talk about "potential" to be a great place, but until their staff changes the attitude to their work it will not happen. We came for lunch. The place was empty with 2 waiters on duty. The ambiance was modern and nice but the floor was sticky all over from the spilled and dried up wine and the bathrooms could use some cleaning too. The service was slow, inattentive and forgetful and even when we point out on the puddle around our table there was nothing done about it and even not offered another table.  The food was hit or miss and lukewarm, the price was quite high for what you get. So I guess with that attitude this restaurant will be temporary solution for that rental space.I've been to this restaurant many times but I must admit what keeps me coming back is the bar. Stopped in last night and as usual the bartender was personable and made awesome drinks. There were six in our party and everyone remarked on the quality of the cocktails. While there we ordered appetizers and as usual they were delicious. Keep up the good work.This restaurant is beyond cool. The decor is hip and modern, and it has a trendy vibe. We went during the summer for dinner, and they opened these glass doors at the front of the restaurant, which was really nice and made the restaurant feel a lot more open. I started with a mango purée and basil lemonade, and it was absolutely delicious. For an appetizer I had edamame, which was just your usual edamame appetizer. For my entree I had pineapple fried rice with vegetables, and it was definitely better than the majority of fried rice available nowadays. For dessert I had gelato with caramel swirls and strawberries at the bottom, and I really enjoyed. And as an added bonus, they have really nice bathrooms.Spice 28 is a wonderful gem and a great addition to the neighborhood. The food is fantastic. I especially love the drunken noodles, and the chicken satay appetizer is perfect. The cocktails are inventive and delicious, and the service is excellent. 
The atmosphere is trendy but casual. There are some sidewalk-facing seats that are essentially outside when the huge windows are open. The back of the restaurant is darker and more intimate, so it's a nice contrast.
The food is priced very reasonably. Really good value, and excellent food. The happy hour menu is extensive and an incredible deal. Spice 28 has quickly become one of our favorite restaurants in Center City.My wife and I lost track of time and realized we were hangry just as we passed this spot. It sounded good so we went in. I had Tom Yum soup and Dan Dan noodles while my wife had Sesame Chicken. Both were well done and service was prompt and courteous. When we are back in the city we'll make it a point to return.My favorite place to get pad Thai in philly, great with chicken or beef. I also never order from here without getting their lettuce wraps. Other favorites include pineapple fried rice, pork potstickers, and the dan dan noodles. Very fast delivery too!Sorry, but this is definitely not a 4 star restaurant.  My if it were a club it would be deserving of 4 stars, but the food isn't that great.
This place is all about ambiance, and you pay extra for that.  The drinks were a little pricey, and the food wasn't as good as people make it out to be.  If you want sichuan, there are other places in the are that are great.  If you want trendy, with upbeat music and a cool atmosphere to hang out in, then this is your place.I have been here a few times and I am never disappointed by the food. Everything is great! The ambiance inside is nice with the lighting and open doors in the front. If you sit at the bar it is like being outside so take advantage of that during a nice spring or summer evening.I would like to give this place a rating of 2.5 (almost a 3) because their food was tasty. It's always been delicious and I've rated them a 5 for the whole experience in the past. This is the first time I've been here in a while and I honestly may not want to return here again. 
Our waitress, Ruslana, was very rude. I made reservations for 9 people and they only gave us seating for 8. When we asked the waitress for more room, she told us that 5 of us needed to squeeze in on one side. It became uncomfortable so we asked someone who looked like a manager about it and he finally  added an extra chair to the edge of the table. 
Our server gave us so much attitude for asking and didn't care about our comfort. All it seemed she cared about was getting our orde in. She kept bugging us about ordering and we hadnt even been sitting for 5 min after figuring out our seating arrangements. We told her we wanted to wait to order when the last person in our party sat down...and she just kept rushing us.
Our waitress hovered over us and pretty much made us feel rushed the whole time we were looking over the menu. She gave us a little bit of an attitude throughout and when she walked away to give us more time, she kept staring at us from the back of the restaurant. She just made us feel so uncomfortable the whole time. It was one of the worst experiences we've had in a long time.
They charged us an automatic 20% tip, which I guess is standard for a large group, but  we definitely did not feel like our server deserved it and some of us got into minor disagreements about this.
I'm really disappointed because I've raved about this place and recommended it to so many people that I couldn't believe they made us feel so unwelcomed and uncomfortable that we didn't even wait to put on our jackets before hitailing it out of there.My colleague and I went here for dinner as it is in a great location in Center City. We got there around 7:30 last Sunday. Only a few other diners in there, we got a great seat in the bar area (fun chairs!). The atmosphere is sort of modern, nice lighting (color-changing backlit bar), and intimate... would be a great place for a date. We had wontons as an app, and Green Curry and Chicken Chow Fun as our mains. All were delicious, the consistency of the curry was perfect. I love red and green curry and I feel like it is so hard to find the perfect version.  I crave this, and wish I had a place like this in my hometown. All was delicious, down to the drinks.  I forget which cocktail I had, some sort of ginger martini... 2 of those and I was a happy lady :-)  The service did not disappoint, which I saw was a common complaint on here.  Perhaps because it was not super busy? Our server was perfectly attentive and friendly, even trying to fix the slight wobble in our table without being asked.
If you are looking for some great Thai, nice atmosphere in this area, I'd definitely say to give it a shot. The value was great and we were both pleased.As usual, there is no shortage of food in center city. 
I was told that this place is the sister restaurant of sakura mandarin. Now they've covered all their bases of asian cuisine with these two restaurants. 
Decor is very modern. Kinda reminds me of Raw sushi (which I think may actually be the backside of the same building). 
Appetizer:
Wontons- were delicious! made more delicious by the fact that they were on the house. 
Deep Fried Tuna Gyoza- a very strange mix of flavors with avocada, tuna, crispy wonton wrappers. My brain was confused by my mouth liked it. 
Entrees:
- Malaysian curry: reminds me of a good pot roast. but missing all of those strong deep flavors of the thai curries which I realized yesterday that I prefer better. 
- Dry Fry Beef: delicious! very sechuan and very spicy!
Dessert:
- deep fried glutonous yams??- it was on the house. It tasted like the shells of the sesame balls that I love. 
The service was super friendly.  We got a lot of attention since there was only 1 other table of people there early on a tuesday night. 
Definitely a great addition to chestnut st!Great to see a second authentic, modern Szechuan place (Han Dynasty being the pioneer) in Philly. More interesting ambience than Han. Nice cocktails. Haven't sampled enough of the food to say something too sweeping, but it is very good for sure! They are less open to veggie options than Han, which is a mistake!Went here for some late night Thai cravings and Spice 28 delivered, not only food-wise but location and ambience too. The front two tables are seated at a sliding window, opening onto Chestnut st. Inside, the walls are paneled with modern backlit wood. Food-wise, to start, we ordered the chicken lettuce wraps, crunchy and spicy! I ordered the silky tofu wok with shrimp as my entree, which was perfectly spicy, a little too oily but not terribly. My friend ordered the wok fried rice (he's not the biggest fan of Thai so he kept it simple) and enjoyed it. I'm not sure if Spice 28 makes it as my go-to Thai place but I'll definitely be back when I'm in the area!Terrific food. We went and had the pork pot stickers, champagne Peking duck and the black bean style chicken. Both dishes very tasty and succulent. Will definitely visit again!