One of the best burgers in Philly!
Low key joint with just a few tables and the kitchen in the dining room. But, don't let the modest face fool you, this place rocks!
Menu is creative and fully customizable. Burgers are cooked on a flattop, perfectly seared, juicy, slightly charred. Fries are hand cut, fried fresh, perfectly crispy and salty. What more could you ask for from a burger place? 
Pro tip - Download the SPOT app for a rewards program and some good coupons (aka free fries!).Spot has been on my burger list to try for sometime. Spot burger consistently shows up on numerous best of Philly burger lists. When they opened up shop in Brewery town, I quickly bookmarked Spot and waited for a burger craving to hit me to give it a try.
Spot is on West Girard Ave and I was able to find parking easily and close by on a Sunday night. The space is clean and bright with tables in the front, and back. There is also counter seating. There was some nice use of wood on the walls which gave Spot a cool urban vibe design.
The people that work at Spot were very friendly and helpful. They explained the specials and helped us with suggestions. I was surprised that Spot has other items such as Fish & Chips and Muscles in addition to burgers, sloppy Joe's, pulled pork and cheese steaks. Mental notes for my next visit.
I went with the Spot burger; which had hickory smoked bacon, cheddar, pickles, coleslaw and Spot sauce. This was a great burger. The bun was excellent, fresh and toasted just right.  The burger was moist and juicy. The bacon was great and the slaw and sauce really made this one darn tasty burger. My daughter had the Santa Fe with Avocado, pepper jack cheese, jalapeño, red onion, sun dried tomatoes and a slightly spicy sauce. This was also a really good tasting burger! Spot really shines with their use unique toppings and sauces. 
We ordered the plain fries too and these were crispy and not greasy. They were very good fries but Sketch still has my favorite fries. We had a couple of Fanta sodas too, which was pretty cool. All of our food came out surprisingly fast.
Spot is very high up on my burger list and very close to Sketch. Spot lived up to the hype and is really cool little place in an up and coming section of the city. I will be back and probably soon. 4 plus Yelps.Finally the brick and mortar version of Spot has arrived!  Inventive burgers, the freshest ingredients and a lively, family friendly atmosphere. Get there during the off peak times if you want to be ensured a seat. This place fills up fast!  Looking forward to eating my way through the burgers, then the other hot specialty sandwiches.  
Still sniffing the fat and juices on my fingers long after the burger is gone. Sad to have to wash my hands.First time venturing out to Brewerytown! 
Anyways, the burgers were so good! You can get them medium rare or to other likings. The buns were that soft potato roll quality like shake shack's. The size is bigger &thicker than shake shack but smaller/thinner than regular steakhouse burgers. 
What made the burgers so good were flavors! 
I got umami burger which has sauce based on korean ssam-jang (miso/chili pepper paste) and topped with mushrooms and shredded lettuce+cucumber. I wasnt sure how the sauce will play with the burger but boy did that combo work! Lk the name, lot of umami from the sauce with a nice refreshing balance from the veggies. I've never had a burger taste like this before. 
Bf got butcher burger which had onion, tomato, and horseradish sauce. The sauce in there was also awesome, giving the greasy burg an extra kick. 
Service was quick and friendly. Not a lot of space for a large group though. 
Oh and it's byob? We picked up some beer from rybrew across the street while waiting for the burgers. There seem to be other cool new spots around here like crime and punishment brewery, and aforementioned rybrew, which is somewhat like foodery.Best burger joint I've seen in a while. Nice variety on the menu as far as burger/cheesesteak/pork style sandwiches go. And they do a different special sandwich every week;which has consiquently bumped me from a semi-regular customer up to a once or twice a week reg. 
Service is friendly from the cashier to the fry guys to Josh and his happy helpers in the back. They're always helpful and enjoy chit chat and quick jokes. They seem to genuinely enjoy their job and social interaction. It's always fun to catch them jamming out to the eclectic rock station always playing for ambiance. Just a chill group of guys n gals.
I don't want to call the space SMALL because it doesn't feel cramped. It's more like its interactive and fitting for a fast-moving burger joint. Think diner meets pizza place meets local bar type of feel. Low rise tables in front for relaxing, some hightops with a different perspective in the corner, and the bar-style counter make it so u can pick your style comfort. With paintings and articles all over, you're bound to have some conversation pieces nearby as well.
Everything seems clean. From tables floors and counters, to the separate area in the back for butchering meets, to the clearly labeled bins for different trash and recyclables.
Overall 5star for these guys. Try the Charlie Brown for some Philly style comfort food.Came here for the first time yesterday and I had their Spot burger and cheese fries. Best burgers!!!! And cheese fries are not cheese from a can! Super fresh and juicy and amazing customer service . Very clean inside. Will be returningI love these burgers.  The fries are pretty good, too.  Don't even get me started on the cheese steaks.  Try to go during daylight hours.  The street is a little on the rough side.  Fitting more than one baby in there who needs a high chair is pretty tough.Definitely a good go to burger place. The chicken stew they currently have though.... OMFG! YUM!!i showed up here with 5 kids and 5 adults and the staff was so friendly, accommodating and super patient! the chicken cheesesteaks are amazing and the fries are crispy and seasoned well. they had chocolate and vanilla ice cream for all of the kids too :)treated a new friend to lunch at spot burger today and all i can say is it definitely earned me some cool points. food was better than before. got plain fries as opposed to cheese fries and was much happier. my friend was just flabergasted. she thoroughly enjoyed the meal. my only gripe is i cant seem to find their menu online ANYWHERE! i really wanted to try something different but i didnt wanna spend 5 mins on the phone inquiring about the menu to do so. spot burger guys, if your menu is online somewhere please direct me to it so i can try more of it.Just perfect burgers. This is our place to go on Girard, now. The toppings are great, the service is quick, and the price is good given the quantity of food.Got the RIzzo and it was awesome. Cooked perfectly! Also got the drunken fries (a must) Staff was super friendly and was having a great time. 10/10 would SPOT burger again.finally caught up with Spot burgers at their new brick & mortar in brewerytown...
the SpOt burger is uniquely delicious! with an amazing combination of flavor & texture (slaw & pickles anyone?). love the soft potato roll.
aside from the burger, this might be the best cheesesteak in Philly?! cheese fries are also a must. will definitely be back to eat my way through the menu!The best burgers you can have delivered to you! I highly recommend them! Each one was cooked to perfection! Fries were good too!When they first opened it was consistently amazing but now not so much. I live 400 feet away and every time we have ordered in the past few months, food comes out soggy, we show up on time to wait for fries so burgers get cold. Not sure what is missing in the process because they always have plenty of people working. Need to refocus on the details to make the burgers worth another try!I don't always give four stars and it's rare that I get 5 but this restaurant had a great burger great fries and I believe the owner was the one that helped me because he was really really nice very professional definitely would come again.What a wonderful find. This little hole in the wall, is a little slice of heaven that is clean and welcoming. The burgers smell great cooking on the grill and taste even better. The chicken burger is made with ground chicken and the sirloin tastes so fresh. I didn't have the fries but they looked awesome. Can't wait to go back!Great burgers at a great price.
I came to Spot for lunch with my coworker earlier, and we were both really impressed with the menu, the burgers, and the service. Spot offers a pretty unique menu (burgers with everything from blue cheese to pickled daikon and gochujung paste) which is definitely enough to bring people in, but it's the juicy burgers, toasted buns, fresh veggies, and great flavors that will keep them coming back. 
We got the cheese-fries (fresh and good but nothing that'll blow your mind), the spot burger, and the umami burger. 
The spot burger was classic with a twist: a beef burger with bacon and chedder, pickles, coleslaw, and spot sauce. The pickles and slaw kept the burger tasting really fresh/not overwhelmingly meaty. 
The umami burger was definitely a bit heavier, but also more flavorful: grilled onions, mushrooms, pickled diakon, cucumber, gochujung, teriyaki, lettuce. I thought it was really great, the flavors were definitely there, but it was a bit too heavy for me so I couldn't finish my half. Definitely not something to get if you're trying to find something light!
Overally I was impressed, and I'd definitely be willing to come back again on a day when I'm really craving a burger! 
*The guys sitting next to me said they come about 2-3 times per week, and they've yet to try something they don't like. I believe it.After one visit this has now become our favorite burger joint in the area. We loved the amount of choices we have for toppings and were more than pleasantly surprised at just how good the burgers came out. 
The Santa Fe Chicken burger is made from ground chicken, not those chicken breasts like most places use. 
The Umami burger had great flavors and texture, it wasn't easy to put down out of fear of her eating it too. 
The cheese fries use real cheese in their sauce and it shows, none of that plastic textured fake cheese. 
Definitely coming here more often.Spot burgers are delicious I love them so much. I love that they have so many vigan options for burgers. Their fries are oh so good and naturally cut delicious. Delivery is always good and they are always very friendly.Best burger and fries. Very tasty. Yum. Also try the cheesesteak,excellent.  Support our local restaurant's.Great burgers. I always mean to try the cheesesteak, but can't break away from the Charlie Brown, which I've been ordering since Spot was a cart on Drexel's campus.
It can get crowded in there, but that's what happens when you're serving what is in the running for best burger in the city.
Don't sleep on their specials either - the corn dogs were great!Their smoked brisket sandwich they have on special is possibly in the top 10 things I've ever eaten.The burgers are pretty good even though they are about the same price as Five Guys.  Overall, my meal for my first visit which was a basic burger with cheese, lettuce, tomato, and fries were surprisingly good. I would definitely go back.Awesome place, love the southwest chicken, add some spot sauce to it and it's perfectEasily the best burger I have ever had! The service was fast and you get great quality food. Best burger in Philly!I've been to Spot Burger probably around 5 times in the past two months and it is everything that these reviews say they are and more. Delicious! Every time I go, I try something new, until I have had everything on the menu (which might be soon). I've always been a fan of shake shack, but since the brick and mortar location opened up within walking distance from my place, I havent been anywhere else for a cheesesteak or burger. Everytime I walk in, it's hello from every worker in the place, and a thank you for my business as I leave. Eat here, you won't regret it.If you're craving a burger and in the area, SPOT is the spot to go. They boast a variety of burgers and even offer mini-burgers if the size of a full burger intimidates you. Prices are reasonable (around $7-10 per burger, depending on what you get). 
Overall, the burger was tasty - slightly better than something I'd expect from a backyard BBQ. It hit the spot, that's for sure.Sometimes a short and sweet review is fine but I really want to take a moment and do a re-review of this place. 
I've lived up the street from Spot Burgers for two+ years now and since day one I've felt that this place makes me feel at home. These feelings have not changed. The quality of the food has maintained an extremely high bar despite multiple staff changes over the course of the two+ years I've been visiting. Some places definitely have good and bad days depending on who's the line, but I can say with confidence that Spot has not had a bad day.
My favorite quick bites:
Wimpy's and Hotdogs. 
My favorite burger on the menu: 
The Santa Fe. 
This is out of everything on the menu and I've had the entire menu. There are no wrong choices when you come into Spot. They also will frequently do specials and these specials are not always what you'd expect. Pulled pork, smoked brisket, short rib sandwich, fish and chips, hell even a noodle bowl. 
The staff is comprised of some really hard working folks that will do what they can to make sure your order is stellar. They're also some of the most friendly people I've met. There have been times I've been in there just to chat with Josh and he was happy to have the conversation. If Cheers were a burger shop, that'd be Spot. 
At the end of the month I'm moving away from Brewerytown but I will be back to visit Spot. Because Spot makes me feel like I'm at home and you just can't fake that.great burger spot, no frills, great staff and amazing prices. Love that this is right down the block!I am obsessed with burgers; and I can honestly say this was the best burger I have ever had, my friends also agree this was the absolute best. Every ingredient is so fresh, the meat is juicy, the sauces, the fries, we tried the Pondorossa which was amazing and my personal favorite which was on a "secret menu" was their version of a Big Mac, seriously can not say enough- BEST BURGER EVER- the place is small and causal, and the service is awesome- everyone is so nice- and you can tell the food is made with only the best. 100000% recommend, they also had a lot of great vegetarian options.Awesome place -small comfy and clean.  The fries are the best and the burgers awesome too!  Thanks for taking care of our large order early on a Saturday!  Great customer service.  We will be back:)Definately worth the trip into Brewerytown. The burgers here are amongst the best, if not THE best in Philly.  Nice sized burgers with a heavy, dark sear cooked to a perfect medium. Biting through that soft, dense roll then into the delicious, crusty carmelized goodness of the sear, then finally the explosion of hot juices as your teeth sink through the rich, perfectly cooked middle of the burger is an experience not to be missed. I've gotten the spot burger there and never been dissapointed. If  the owner has the chili up on the board, be sure to try that too.Best burger ever? Maybe.  If you like great burgers try this place. Sure Philadelphia has a lot of good burger places but this one stands out.  Everything is fresh and crunchy .  Try the fries they are a real treat.  If your in the area stop in.  It's small but worth it.SO DELICIOUS!! Great burgers and great staff. this is right up the street from my apartment and it is hard to not eat it every day, it's a nice switch from the classic burger jointsThis place has awesome food. They have Really awesome burgers, n the Drunken pork fries are where it's at.Finally got a chance to try this new place. I've heard a lot about it and it's prior iteration, a la food truck. 
I opted for the first item on the menu, and it didn't disappoint. The Spot burger was delicious! Well cooked and prepared expertly. The pickles were a tasty surprise mid way. 
Per recommendation of my cashier, the cheese fries were exactly what you hope for when ordering fried foods covered in liquid cheese. 
Overall, great place.Came in about an hour ago and got the cheesesteak and the spot burger and fries.  I only intended on eating one tonight, but the cheesesteak was so good I had to try the burger.  I finished both and they were amazing, and this is coming from someone who eats burgers and cheesesteaks all the time.  Will definitely be returning soon!Great variety of special burgers/sandwiches being rotated. Quality of beef is excellent and burgers have always been done to my specified preference (medium)- They do a Perfect medium every time  
I love the spot burger w/the cheese fries . If you like gooey,whiz covered fries you'll loooooooove these. No skimping anywhere at spot.
Only things I would say need improving: the fry forks are not great. Too small? It's also super hot inside. I get It though, the grill is RIGHT there.Yes! Just go. Stop reading this review and go. The burgers are delicious with great combos. They have burgers for everyone: beef, chicken and (real!) veggie. Make sure you get some fries too! I've been six times and yet to have a miss. Don't think I ever will. 
The staff is very friendly and they work fast.Finally the brick and mortar version of Spot has arrived!  Inventive burgers, the freshest ingredients and a lively, family friendly atmosphere. Get there during the off peak times if you want to be ensured a seat. This place fills up fast!  Looking forward to eating my way through the burgers, then the other hot specialty sandwiches.Wow what more can I say. There menu is so creative and all of the flavors work so great together. I will eventually try everything on the menu. Wish I lived closer so I could walk here everyday!! Sooooo goodQuite simply, Spot puts other burger places to shame. Quality ingredients top to bottomAmazing burgers! FB had the Spot burger and I had the blue cheese burger, both were delicious.  They have a good selection of Mexican sodas in the fridge.Best cheese fries I've had in such a long time. Fresh cut, double fried, and topped with cheese sauce (not the melted slice cheese nonsense). Almost didn't share the fries with my kid, but she kept eyeing me so...yeah.
Ordered the cheesesteak and that was pretty good. Enough flavor where it doesn't overpower the beefy taste. Loved the caramelized onions. Couldn't finish it though, had to take the other half to go.
Super friendly people that work there. It's not very big inside so seats are limited. FYI, no AC. You have a fan, four walls, and a ceiling shielding you from the sun. Food is worth the open kitchen heat though.
No bougie, no bull, just good food and good people.This is probably the best burger place I have ever been to! The are always quick, courteous and make the food fresh and delicious. The burgers come out perfect and never soggy. The fries are delicious.Nice variety of burgers on the menu.  The person taking our order was very helpful and provided good service.  Simple seating.  Great for take out.  Burgers are big and bacon was crispy (an absolute must).  Had the Roquefort and The Billy.  Yum.  Only one order of fries was needed - 2 people.  Didn't get anything to drink.  Be sure to download the app to get coupons.  
Will come back!!Best burger. Mirror on the wall will say the same! Every item beef chicken pork is outstanding. Besides service is great. A bell rings each time we tip as a thank you. Pretty cool. Go Sp0t!Amazing burger and great service. Would definitely recommend. Not too far from the art museum. There are only a few tables but they also deliver and you can take it to go. Love the place and will go back when I travel through.Had the Spot burger!! It was amazing. Charlie Brown is next on my list to try. Owner was awesome cannot wait to go backHave tried burgers, mini burgers and fries...can't.get.enough. Burgers are perfectly juicy, gourmet toppings on point and fries so good they don't need anything but salt. My new burger and fries go to.My wife and I had lunch one saturday afternoon at this place
maybe 2 weeks ago the name speaks for it's self
everything was on the spot they make 5 guys look like
Mcdonalds this is my new home thank you guys
customer service was awesome 100I was here for the first time a couple days ago.  They are a burger place but are quite creative with their recipes.  You will get burgers made different ways - think of it as the opposite of shake shack or In N Out.  You get quality food but the recipes are more complex rather than the simple burgers with special sauce.   I ordered the Jawn - a mix of sloppy joe meat, fries, and some cut of meat in between a hamburger bun.  Very tasty indeed!   
It is however a small spot with small tables.   If you are going with a larger group, you may be eating outside.Good burger and fries. I will try the cheese steak next time.not too bad. good tasting burgers, but the place is kind of small - limited sitting area. And the burgers are a bit on the small side for me.Great burger and fries . Ordered delivery and still had great flavor which sometimes you lose with delivery. Cheese fries were delicious as well.Lived Up To The Hype!
Went to Spot last night with GF. I don't give out a lot of 5 star reviews, but Spot deserves it. 
Atmosphere was clean and inviting. People were very friendly and helpful. 
GF ordered a Spot Burger and I ordered the Ribeye Cheesesteak. We also got fries and a Spot Roll too. 
While neither of us cared for the Spot Roll, the rest was outstanding. The Spot Burger was juicy and delicious. The fries were very tasty- maybe because of the lard they're cooked in.
Now for my assessment of the cheesesteak. As a lifelong connoisseur of cheesesteaks, I don't say this lightly: maybe the best cheesesteak I ever had. Un-friggin-believable! I've only had a few cheesesteaks come close. This cheesesteak stands out in a category all its own. The meat was tender and succulent. The roll seemed toasted.  Just unbelievable flavor. 
Whatever these people are doing, they're doing it right. They know how to work the magic. 
I WILL be back. 
I love Bahn Mi, so I can't wait to try it here.The burgers at Spot Burger are very amazing and good. I usually order burgers for takeout. The side dining area with the high chairs is pretty neat to eat at, you can actually see your burgers being made. Definitely give Spot burgers a try. My only suggestion is a wish they would have more of a selection of craft burgers, and also carry Crispy chicken sandwiches and buffalo chicken sandwiches.Really great food. Placed my first order today and had it delivered. The food was spot on and delivered on time.I'll keep it short and sweet: Incredible. 
Burgers are incredible, the steak sandwiches are great, and the Sloppy Joes make you feel at home. 
Extremely friendly staff. 
This is "eat there every night" caliber.This food was so good. Be warned if you are not familiar with the area that parking is very difficult and there is little seating inside the restaurant but it's worth a trip for the food. I had their cheese steak fries and they did not disappoint.The best $8 burger I've ever had in Philly. I ordered the Roquefort and my wife got the Umami. I actually liked hers a little bit more but both were tender, flavorful, juicy, and didn't fall apart. The buns were fluffy but not stick-to-your-mouth sticky. The grilled onions and mushrooms on mine were a great compliment to the burger. We got ours medium rare and it was just right. They hire people in the neighborhood which shows how much they care about the community and involving the community in their business success. It's also a BYOB so we got beer across the street and brought it in which made it even better. 
Now the fries are hand cut and fried to perfection. We had to share them because there were so many. It's hard to find a place whose fries are up to par with the burgers but Spot does it right. I'll be back many times and bring my friends as this is one of the few places on Girard Ave in Brewerytown that has the quality of food and kind staff that deserves repeat business.Best Burger I Ever Had. Just Kind Of Expensive. Its Worth It Tho. And I Just Love The Potato Buns, Wish It Was A Little BiggerThe burgers here are amazing! The beef is freshly ground and seasoned perfectly. The full size burger is big but there's also a "wimpy" size. Yes I get the wimpy size because the fries are so good! They're hand cut and freshly fried perfectly not too light and not too dark.  I've also had the beer battered cod sandwich that was also really good! The staff is friendly. Be sure to check the special board! We also brought in our own sodas to avoid the stupid soda tax!Ive only ever had their burgers delivered but it is a treat every time. The burger is just the right size for me - almost shareable, very filling. Ive tried the chicken burger too, which was  tasty and with lots of fresh herbs. I still prefer the red meat personally. And the fries also were a nice treat - I dont love fries but these were so perfect I might indulge again in the future. Everything tasted freshly made and not the usual frozen crap available on grubhub. I get it delivered to my job, on the other side of the city so for everything to be still between warm and fresh off the grill, I am a big fan!This place is Great! It's not fancy, but still nice and provides a seriously high quality product. All the burgers are made from scratch and the passion for providing a delicious burger is evident from your first bite to your last. The JAWN is absolutely incredible and pretty much all I get when I come here, but you cannot go wrong with any optionWe hit this place with the family in tow after visiting the art museum. Cheesesteak here was much better than Pats/Genos... But the burgers were out of this world good. My son and I split the Santa Fe burger (avacado/jalepeno, etc). Fries were perfect. And... The people behind the counter were super friendly.From the award winning cheesesteaks to the chicken burgers, their creations are extraordinary. I am a SpOt burger addict - the cravings hit me throughout the week and I get a surge of endorphins each and every time I take my first bite. The bricks and mortar in Brewerytown is a stone throw away from the Zoo, Kelly Drive, and the Art Museum. It's a destination "spOt" for sure. Try the specials!The burger was probably the best burger I've ever eaten. It was super fresh and packed full of flavor. The service was great, and I'd definitely recommend getting the cheese fries!So happy they opened in Brewerytown!
The burgers are the best ever! The Charlie Brown is the absolute bomb - Good quality meat, cheese wiz, perfectly cooked bacon. The cheese fries are also a must, but if you're not a wiz lover the regular fries are a solid choice (hand cut!) I've also had the cheesesteak and the roast pork (the Manayunk) hoagies and they both were fantastic, but I keep going back for the burgers.Best burgers in the 'hood, and bangin' handcut French fries!  Oh my goodness.... I live in dangerously (for my BMI) close proximity to Spot Burger and honestly think I could eat there several times per week and never get tired of it.  The veggie burger is super filling, flavorful, and there are a bunch of options for toppings combos.  I've had three different burgers and haven't found one I don't love.  My husband and I usually each get a burger and share an order of fries, and are super stuffed afterwards.  If you haven't been yet, you NEED to go try it out!I was very excited to check out Spot burger after all the raving reviews and the fact that I had a  raving news of my own to celebrate (new job!). I walked in and it was about 11:30 so there was no one there yet. I glanced over the menu and wasn't really in love with any of the combinations but remembered I saw a Po'boy that wasn't on the menu. Luckily the guy behind the counter said they did offer it today and so I completed my order with a side of cheez fries.
My order came out quickly and I was able to sit in a cozy table right in front of their store front window to do some people watching. Sadly it was raining and most of the shops here seeme closed down, so there wasn't much action. I wouldn't recommend coming in with a large group, as there are only a handful of tables available.
My po' boy was a bit on the small side from other po'boys I've had at other places, especially for the $9 price tag. The bread was excellent and very fresh and the shrimp and cabbage slaw was yummy. I just wish there was much more of it, even if it was just more cabbage slaw, because I felt like I was eating mostly bread. As for the cheese fries, it is to be noted that they are hand cut, which did make them tasty and remininiscent of the jersey shore. As for everything else, it is just whiz on them, no other special seasoning. You do get a large heaping amount, so if you can share with someone, please do so. 
Parking in the area is street parking and seemed to be plenty of it. I would like to come back and try something else, as this was just middle of the road for me.Just finished the double spot burger and loved it. Spot Burger is must for any Burger Aficianado. Fingers crossed one opens in South PhillyAmazing Burger! It really doesn't get any better than this.  For point of reference my favorite burger has been Rouge and this is at least as good. I also got Cherry Fanta, you just can't get a good cherry soda many places any more. Josh the owner is a personally on the grill.SpOt gets everything right when it comes to making the burger for which we consistently have a hankering.  In a word, it is JUICY.  No matter what the temperature requested (I prefer medium rare), the burger is delivered as I remembered my father's burgers straight off the grill -- fresh, loaded with flavor and JUICY.  This juiciness can only be enhanced by the variety of ingredients and condiments that can be added to your burger.  And not in the mood for their signature burger?  Why not try a special like the chicken pot pie empanada?  Our favorite was the corn dog and we cannot wait to try the Sloppy Joe.  This place is the IT spot for a burger in PHL.  Enough said!Super friendly and positive atmosphere. Yummy cheesesteak and burgers for after zoo stop. Came with our family of four at 4:30pm. It's a small place with limited seating but worth it!Great new spot in the Fairmount/Brewerytown hood! Right across from another B-Town favorite, Rybrew, the brick and mortar version of SpOt offers a menu that is more than just burgers. Their new space has an inviting and upbeat environment. The owner was behind the grill when we dined in and was more than pleased to strike up a conversation with patrons. 
I went with their Rodeo Burger and was very impressed! They also offer chicken and veggie burgers FYI. My roommate went with their "Best of Philly" cheesesteak and cheese fries (I was drooling from across the table to say the least). If you're not into burgers or steaks, they also offer roast pork sandwiches - definitely trying one next time I stop in. Definitely pop in if you want a quick and delicious bite to eat! Plenty of counter seating and tables that overlook Girard Avenue.Josh Kim is continuing his Spot legend! Sadly the university city misses your amazing crew. 
-George Washington burger with cherry marmalade: juicy yummy beef, sweet marmalade, blue cheese and soft brioche bun. What's a better way to end the night with an amazing burger like this one!! 
This place is so cozy and comfortable. I'm happy to see spot is doing great !Always stop in when I visit Philly. Very small place but very friendly and helpful staff.  They will make nearly any change from the menu you request.
I had the "Jawn" which is sliced steak, sloppy joe, French fries, onions and whiz.  Very good but a little messy.We ordered, then proceeded to wait 40 minutes for our basic order. We were told 10 minutes. After watching the customers turn over twice, I asked where our food was. We were told there was a mistake and it was next to come up. After waiting another 15 minutes, and watching the people eat who walked in 10 minutes before that, we asked again, only to hear this time there was a problem with our order and they gave it away. After another 10 minutes, our food was done. I asked if anything would be done for us, and we were offered a free soda. Wow. Thanks. It was just a terrible experience. When we got home, the ingredients were wrong. They just don't care about their customers and seem stoned, which is fine is you're able to do a good job. Just awful. In addition, this was the third time out of five our order was wrong.Today is my son's birthday and he wanted burgers for dinner, so I Googled "best burgers in Philly" and this place kept popping up.  The food and service were both outstanding!  My older son got a cheese steak and said it was the best one he's ever had!  Definitely worth the 40 minute drive.  We will definitely be back!  Thank you SpOt Gourmet Burgers!THE no frills, greasy, amazing burger spot. Get my fries extra crispy. Their regular burgers are on point. Their veggie burgers are SO GOOD. My sister has had the sloppy joe and said it was amazing too. Quick, clean, good service, decent prices.The burgers we got from Spot last night were big and delicious! Even my veggie burger was satisfying. I wish that it had soy in it though, for more protein. (It was made with potato and vegetables.)Talk about a great first impression.
While I never made it to the food truck, I knew I had to stop by when SpOt opened a location 1) conveniently on my way home from work and 2) a fairly short walk away. Our group of four headed in last night and had a great time.
Since it was my inaugural visit, I went traditional and chose the SpOt sirloin burger (cheddar, bacon, pickles, cole slaw, spot sauce). I was so excited that I didn't have to add "no tomatoes" to my order. I hate tomatoes like you wouldn't believe. My friend and I also split cheese fries.
We sat down at a high-top, waited a bit and, before we knew it, our orders were delivered by name, one by one. My burger was prepared to a perfect medium with juice dripping throughout the meal. Cheese fries were super cheesy in the best of ways and cut to an ideal size. My friends all enjoyed their burgers as well, although none of us were able to finish our plates.
All staff members were super friendly and suggested coming back with booze the next time. They're BYO and Rybrew is right across the street.
Will return soon! Such a great addition to Brewerytown!Fantastic burger - one of the best I've had and I'm a burger critic!  Can't wait to go back.  I called in the burger and picked it up at their location. 
 These guys are good humble guys who are happy to have you as a customer.  I highly recommend this place.  Was very impressed.We had the Santa Fe burger and the Rizzo burger with a side of cheese fries. The food was good and the customer service was even better. We liked the Santa Fe burger best...perfect amount of heat. We'll be back to try some of the other menu items.DELICIOUS! We had the Charlie Brown and it rocked- so juicy! Their fries were great too! Device was super fast. I'll definitely come back.holy shit. best burger i've ever had. i would recommend to everyone and anyone. Really nice workers too!Amazing food. Probably the best burger I've had in the city. Tried the Charlie Brown and the seasoning on it was amazing. Also sampled some of my friends Jawn. The meat on it was really tender. Don't forget an order of cheese fries. Well worth the premium on the burger and the trek up to Brewerytown.I walked to this place from the Rocky statue and steps. It's an easy walk and the neighborhood and row houses made for a unique walk. 
The staff and the food are top notch. I had the Philly cheese steak with provolone. This thing was the bomb. I must visit when in Philly.YAAAAAAAAAAASSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! This is so incredibly exciting to see close to my home as my fiance and I got through college cause of these burgers. Any one of them, you will not be upset. The bun is fantastic, the meat is well seasoned, the vegetables he puts on there (and pickles) are perfection, and I'm always a satisfied customer!
Keep 'em coming Josh! You may have become our new Sunday tradition :)Best burger and cheese steak in North Philly. Don't forget to order the cheese fries!  Why not add a few more calories while you are scarfing down a juicy burger?  Another bonus: Bassett's Ice Cream.  Don't come here if you are on a diet or watching your figure.The burgers are delicious! The cheese fries are good too.  We ended up getting the umami burger, ribeye cheeseteak and jawn burger.  My favorite was the jawn, the flavor was almost like an italian pizza.  My gf liked the umami and its asian flavor profile.  The cheeseteak was great wayy better than your average cheeseteak.  Will definitely try and come back to try their other burgers.  Only downside is the sit in dining area is small if you go during a crowd forget about it and do take out. Burgers are worth the price since they are spot on!good music, GREAT food, EXCELLENT service!!!!
The freaking seafood chowder is amazing along with the Rizzo Burger (chicken). This place is definitely on the favs list!!!!One of the best burgers I've had.  It's nice to be able to not get a frozen patty. You can tell they really care about the quality they're putting out.  That's rare these days.  The fries are really fresh and have a nice seasoning to them.  The spot sauce is good as well.  This is my go to for burgers now.You never forget your first Spotburger.
It was at the first Swarthmore Co-Opp Truckathon about three years ago. The small yet colorful Spot truck was parked right in from of the Co-Opp. I was amazed at the speed of the two dynamos in taking orders and sending out delicious looking burgers. 
My Spot Burger was incredible. 
It's hard to believe it took a special birthday weekend three years later to head down to the brick and mortar store to sample my second Spot burger.
This time, I was accompanied by my better half who had never tried Spot.
We ordered a cheesesteak with provolone cheese and fried onions, a Spot burger (house made slaw and special sauce), and fries to share. 
The cheesesteak was amazing. The best my girlfriend ever had. The meat was lean, tasty, delicious. Immediately it jumped to number 2 on my list, second only to Steve's Prince of Steaks.
The Spotburger was good but didn't hit me like the first one I had.
The fries were very tasty. Not sure if they were hand cuts but tasted like they were.
The fact that this restaurant does not have wifi for its customers took a half star away. It's pathetic that in the year 2016 this isn't as important to the owner as clean bathrooms and great employees in ensuring a quality customer experience. 
Found parking out front on the street. Better bring quarters as it's metered 6 days a week.Always stop in when I visit Philly. Very small place but very friendly and helpful staff.  They will make nearly any change from the menu you request.
I had the "Jawn" which is sliced steak, sloppy joe, French fries, onions and whiz.  Very good but a little messy.I am going to retype my response and review as it was flagged. And I'm updating the rating. 
-------
In response to the owner: Push that price point then because those fries aren't the best. Also it's great that that particular burger gets rave reviews... I however hated it. 
I'm also biased too as the best burger I've ever had was in another country and NYC. I just need something comparable in Philly. Not tryna travel two hours for a decent burger. 
Regards!!
-----------
So this review is late, but idc the masses must know. 
This burger spot is a notch below okay. It's just basically ok, it doesn't deserve the ay- or it's just "k", the letter I give me boyfriend when he says something that makes me want to smack the taste out his mouth (say no to violence kids). 
Anyway it was a random Friday (10.28) and I was on 2nd Girard and decided to try it out since I was already on Girard. Listen, I hate Girard btw, it's just long and annoying. I swear I was driving 20-30 mins to get to this place. 
I ordered the Roquefort Burger, can emojis be seen on Yelp yet? It's the one that looks like this -_- that was my face the ENTIRE time eating that burger. It just doesn't go together! Nothing on this burger works. Why would I order a burger with balsamic anything??? Why does this burger exist, aside from that. I also got the fries, P A S S.... please consider using duck fat as it makes a world of difference. I also paid $3 for an un-memorable chocolate chip cookie. Literally sat in the bottom of my purse for 3 days. 
The best part was the beef, it was very fresh. Trust me, I've eaten my fair share of rare beef. 
I just think if you're gonna charge me $15 which I don't mind paying btw because I love food, just make sure every aspect is epic. 
Where are the good burger places in Philadelphia anymore????Love these burgers! I order from here all the time through Caviar. They always have my orders right and they are fast in preparing them. They have a lot of toppings a duchesses to pick from and their burgers are very well seasoned. I'd definitely tell friends to order their food! The only reason I gave spot four stars is because I haven't been to their actual location. But I am sure it's a decent place to be.I'm just a boy, standing in front of a city, asking it where their best burger is...
Which has taken me to Spot Burger. I'd heard of it when it was a truck and even heard that it was now a brick and mortar, but while Brewerytown itself is kind of chill, thanks to the Zoo and Drexel, there's no easy way to get in and out. 
But since a friend also wanted to go and was willing to drive, who am I to say no?
We rolled in around 2:30 to no crowd whatsoever. I was determined to try a burger , even though their non-burger fare looked amazing and was highly recommended. I figured , to start, I would try the eponymously named Spot Burger. It was ordered and made for me hot and juicy within about 5min.
The first thing I noticed was the impossibly puffy brioche bun. It was both soft, yet durable as it held up the burger sauces and toppings. The Spot Burger has cheese, bacon, pickles , slaw and Spot sauce. It all came together to make for one delicious burger. 
The burger and soda came to about $11. Normally I'd rail at this but the burger is worth it. Spot, while not the best in the city (still Sketch), definitely cracked my top 5. 
Furthermore, I'm definitely willing to brave the zoo traffic to come back to try some of the other things I saw on the menu that were cheesesteak, pork and Sloppy Joe related.
Speaking of the menu, that was edible as well! I mean, they specifically told me it wasn't but I rarely listen to haters that tell me something is impossible.Spot Burger is definitely one of those hyped spots in Philly. Note that I said hyped and not overhyped. There's a difference. 
I finally paid the brick and mortar shop a visit after a trip to Crime & Punishment. Please take note of their hours; they aren't open as late as similar establishments in Center City so don't expect to roll up for a midnight burger. 
My group split into two; two folks to do the ordering and two folks to head to Rybrew for a beer run. Since Spot is BYOB, why not enjoy a burger and a beer? 
In terms of flavor, my Billy was on point. Tons of goat cheese mixed with sautéed spinach, roasted peppers and truffle-balsamic. I wish it could've lasted forever. The toasted bun actually fit the sandwich and held its contents well. The burger itself came out a little pink for a medium. I had envisioned the actual patty being a little heartier (think more like a Standard Tap/Good Dog type patty). With that being said, the flavoring and entire package would bring me back in a heartbeat. 
I also had to try a corndog. I opted for the "hot" beef, but unfortunately didn't find it too hot. In any case, the deep-fried breading was really tasty and the hotdog itself was plump and flavorful. I'm usually the girl who'd run straight for the hot sauce, but the corndog hit the spot plain. 
The storefront is small and I can see them quickly outgrowing this space. I hope they expand to a restaurant with a larger dining room. Or a restaurant with several locations throughout the city. For now, they are giving me another good reason to head to Brewerytown.I got the Roquefort, my sister got the Spot, and my mom got the Umami. Everything was cooked perfectly and all our meals were delicious!I love this place! Great everything and the staff and owner are really friendly! You must order the fries!!! You can thank me laterI am almost always disappointed with burger joints. But not this one. I had a truly outstanding burger with mushrooms and blue cheese. Perfectly grilled, juicy on the inside and crispy char on the outside. I will be back. And the brioche bun made it even better! A great addition to the neighborhood.Hits the spot! Thick, house ground patties cooked to the doneness of your choosing with a solid array of condiment options. And it's a BYO... with Ry Brew right across the street, you can't  go wrong. Support this local, family owned business and ask Gabe about the standout burger of the dayThe best in the city, pleasure I eat 2 at a time.I love a good burger. You know, one that has flavorful and balanced toppings, a juicy and well-seasoned patty, the perfect sized bun for your patty, and the right sauce. While I'm not from Philly and can't speak to whether or not this place has the best burger in Philly, what I can say was that my burger was pretty good. 
The menu:
The selection of burgers was relatively large, with vegan options, chicken, sirloin, and pork. Personally, I opted for the Roquefort, which had blue cheese, bacon, grilled onion, sirloin, and truffle balsamic all on a soft bun. I ordered mine medium, because let's be honest, why would you get well-done?
 The sides were limited, however, and just featured the same fries either plain, with cheese whiz, with sloppy joe meat, or ribeye and cheese. It would have been nice to have the option of sweet potato fries, tater tots, or something else. Giving customers different sizes also would be a welcome option. There was just one size that was a little too much for me (but I also have cut most carbs out of my life and get negatively impacted when I eat too many). 
 Also, I would have loved different sauces for my fries. They had your standard  "enhancements" there, including ketchup, old bay, hot sauce, and more.  
The food 
Once I took my first bite of the burger, I was happy with my choice. The sweet yet slightly tangy reduction was delicious, and more of it would not have been a bad thing! The burger was the perfect size for the bun, and was juicy and flavorful. The toppings All worked harmoniously together. 
All together,  I really liked what I had. It's not quite 5 stars for me,  and could have been if the menu had more options. Overall, the burgers had some interesting toppings and the burgers are solid.Holy Sh!t, Batman!!   First visit at Spot Burger and my sandwich was amazeballs!!  I ordered the shrimp po boy which was the special for the day... The shrimp were cooked perfectly, with a pickled taste possibly from the cabbage; the chipotle mayo gave it alil kick... Wow, I didn't know what to expect but i'm a believer...  Baby Jesus, I'm a believer that they have amazing food... lol  The only thing I disliked about the sandwich was the roll.. I need to sit in a bakery and eat several rolls to decide which one complements the sandwich best...
 Also, the girl who wrote my ticket didn't go over the specials.  She treated us like we've been there several times.  The other gentleman took an order and stated the special along with some popular picks..   Alittle advice, treat every customer like its there first time...
Great job overall!!!Found myself out in west philly today for a work event. By the end of the event it was noon and I was starving. 
I stopped into spot burger since I saw they have such great reviews. I talked to an extremely friendly counter person asked what was popular, he pointed out the spot burger, their best in philly cheesesteak, and a sandwich the sounded so incredibly delicious but so messy. 
I opted for the spot burger, medium with a side of fries. He informed me it would only take five minutes, perfect, so I waited in my car. Now, I did ask for the burger without the coleslaw because when I think of coleslaw i think wet, old and gross. He told me the coleslaw was the reason everyone liked this particular burger so much..I'm convinced, so I opted for it.
Got back to my office and was pleased with they way everything was packaged up, the burger was wrapped tight and nice so it didn't fall apart, the fries were in a boat wrapped in wax paper. The paper bag they gave me wasn't soaked in grease after the 20 min ride back, I knew that was a good sign.
The potato roll was fresh and soft, the burger was cooked perfectly, the bacon was thick and salty, the coleslaw and pickles added the perfect fresh crunch! The fries was definitely hand cut and fried a little soft, which is how I like them anyway. Saving half the burger and fries for tonight's dinner!
The place itself is small with a few tables but there is plenty of seating with the counter area. The staff is super friendly and helpful. I love the way they call out your name when your order is ready..When she said my name I looked around like someone I knew had spotted me. 
Next time I find myself out that way I will definitely be back!The burger is good but the food is a little bit pricey. I only had a burger, soda, fried and a cookie and I spent $20 in total. There's nothing special with the burger aside from the bun seems like its a potato bread. The burger is tasty tho, but the price is a little too much. I probably would not recommend nor go back.This is def #TheBestBurgerInPhilly Period. I've been to Silver Diner (NJ), Burger Fi, 5 Guys, Hunger Burger, Hard Rock etc.... This by Far is the best! Period. Came from DE w my son for This! So good we grabbed a corn dog as well. Crazy good. I forgot the burger I grabbed (bleu cheese, bacon, onions and truffle oil) and my son created his own burger. So back to that Corn Dog! Wow! 1/4 dog, hand dipped. Crazy good. The service,  the cooks, the Vibe of the whole place. Some one ordered a Cod Hoagie (current special) and it made my mouth water. There is a burger called the Beuford that we Both are coming back for. This is Quality! The way the cook places the meat and hand seasons each Patty! The Man on the register, Cool guy! Honest, smile and friendly! This place has character that anyone would can enjoy.  Go go go ‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍ #ZsChasinFoodAgainOrdered via delivery. Food arrived hot and fresh. Some of the best burgers I've had in Philly at a totally reasonable price.Spotburgers is absolutely delicious! Highly recommend it for anyone looking for a delicious feast in Philly. I went here with a group of friends last month and all of us immensely enjoyed our meals. I had the Rizzo burger, and it was absolutely fantastic - one of the best, if not THE best, burgers I've ever had! I also had some of my friends' fries, which were delicious as well. And of course, I have to give a special shoutout to the fantastic shark and whale drawings on the walls! :DHands down one of the best burgers I have ever had. This place puts the typical burger joint like 5 guys to shame. Every burger I have received has been cooked to my liking and been neatly assembled. Can't wait to go back!Perhaps it was all the hype, but this was just a solid burger & fries. Not exceptional, not even interesting enough for me to want to return. 
Burger: I got the Spot Burger. Its my first time & I started with their namesake. I asked for medium, I would put it at a med-well. But that's OK, it didn't factor into my rating. The purple cabbage didn't add to the experience, and there was some kind of sweet sauce that also didn't impress me. It didn't offend me either. It's like... Putting on a dress that fits fine, but doesn't DO anything for you.  It's just Ok!
Must mention: average taste aside, the quality of the meat was excellent. It's sirloin, lean, very good. Also the size, it's a nice meal-sized burger. Good value considering size & quality. 
Fries: I don't like overly brown fries with that slight burnt taste. I don't like kettle chips and avoid the random brown chips in a regular chip bag, if that paints the picture. It is however,  a huge order for $3. 
Overall: I grappled with giving it 4 stars, I wanted to join the fray, but I just can't call it near perfect. It's just. O. K. I don't understand these reviews. I was looking for a mind-blowing experience... It wasn't!
PS: customer service is excellent! Very friendly, that was really refreshing. Everyone working individually thanked me for coming and wished me a good day when I was leaving, BY NAME. That was straight out of Mayberry, it was just great.Was really excited to try this place. Food smelled great while waiting for pickup. However, I noticed mice droppings where the food was being prepped, not to mention  one of the workers was touching food with their BARE HANDS. Gross at any time of year, let alone flu season! I didn't want to cause a scene since I already paid, but I wound up ditching the whole order in a trash can on Girard.Awesome "spot" for a casual lunch or a quick bite to eat.It is very casual diner type spot. I am pretty sure it is family run, which I always like! You can also customize your burger in case there isn't something perfect on the menu, however, I loved their menu choices.I had the Roquefort burger and the cheese fries. Both are very good and I'd definitely recommend trying this place. My order was delivered 40 minutes late and it was barely warm.  I'm not sure if that's the restaurants fault or the delivery person.I'm a person who hates change. And, It's tough for me to stray away from my usual chicken or veggie burger. However, after being held captive by the blizzard of Jonas, I decided that a nice meaty burger was just what I needed to restore my energy! And, it was totally worth it! I slipped, I slid, I ventured my way through mountainous snow piles to get the perfect burger -- Swiss, avocado, and mayo. They have such a variety of options and an awesome "Spot" sauce that really adds uniqueness to their flavorful burger. It was NOT greasy, and it was the perfect meat-to-bun ratio. The cheese fries are freshly cut and perfectly salted, with cheese-whiz evenly distributed throughout -- perfectly melted through the nooks and crannies. The owner and employees were very kind, asking about our experience on our way out. I'm so, so, happy that Spot Burger has opened! I can't wait to try the other options on the menu. The "Charlie Brown" is next on my list.Was in Philly from the Detroit area. On our drive home we hit this joint. If you don't try this place you are doing yourself an injustice. Ate in and ended up getting a few brisket samiches for the road. Do it!!I came in today and ordered the Rodeo burger the burger was amazing came with BBQ sauce and hot peppers. I always get the Pineapple Fanta good bottled soda selections here. Everyone at Spot Burgers works really hard it is a great burger place.Ordered pick up a few days ago. While the toppings sounded interesting, the burgers themselves were pretty flavorless. I had the spot burger and it was falling apart from all of the wet components, which just made for a messy, tasteless, soggy burger. However, I don't want to write them off just yet since pickups usually aren't the best versions anyways. Willing to try againCame here with friends and got the Ribeye cheese steak with wiz.  Taste spot on and service fast. Would highly recommend.Tasty burgers, some better than others.   We ordered 7 burgers and sliders and they were all pretty decent.  One burger stood out as one that I would go out of my way to get again, but I forgot the name (something with kimchee relish?). My least favorite was the one with blue cheese...too overpowering.Decent burgers. Meat was above average, buns were great. Burger was overdone though, and it seems they rely more on "gourmet" burgers than providing a great piece of perfectly cooked meat. Not the best burger I've had in this city, but definitely better than most over-hyped places. 
Also, I highly recommend they add milkshakes to the menu. That would definitely bump this place up a notch.Very juicy and tasty burgers served with an interesting assortment of toppings on a nice potato bun, with terrific fresh cut fries on the sideThis burger was absolutely perfect!!!!! This was better and cheaper than a Five Guys burger. It was juicy and cooked to perfection.  the bread (I think potato bread) and fries are all great. The staff is friendly and helpful if you're undecided and want some opinions. 
I will most certainly be returning whenever I want a burger.A scrumptious burger indeed! My top 3 burger joints. Comparable to Sketch Burger and  Grand Lux has an amazing burger as well. I ordered the Ponderosa burger, comes with mushroom, Swiss cheese, sautéed onions placed on a soft, memory foam type bread lol. It actually came with a few other things on it but I can't quite remember. There is a very tight eating area inside. I went with a friend of mine I think we switched seats 3 times as people were leaving freeing up more space. Next time I may try the Buffalo chicken cheese steak friend said it was amazing. I will be back.I'm not normally in Philly but went to Fairmont Park and wanted to check out someplace local.  Based on the reviews here I stopped by.  Wow!!!  The owner was so nice and the food was even nicer.  My wife and I shared a delicious cheesesteak and cheese fries.  We also got a burger, which was apparently amazing cause my wife didn't even leave me half (and she's half my size).My fiancé and I frequent this place. My fiancé says they have a great selection and a great taste. They recently got an app which makes ordering easier and provides coupons/deals. 
They get 4/5 stars only because their veggie parties seem to be mostly potato based and on a potato bun. Pretty heavy for "veggies" but they do try to offer a variety of flavors so it's not always the same burger over and over. 
I appreciate their root bear floats - always a classic!Best burger/fries combo in Philly!  The seating is very limited at lunchtime, but that's because it's so good!  They make everything from scratch.  If there's a chicken burger on the menu, they start with chicken.  They are also amazing at taking special orders.  Not only do they make the special order correctly, but they are pleasant about it!  Highly recommended.Ermagerrrd!! That's the sound you make through your full mouth after taking your first, second, third, and so on - bite of this amazing burger. What delicious quality! 
I had the Roquefort burger, made of sirloin. It's topped with bleu cheese, sautéed onions and mushrooms, and bacon. I had 'em hold the onions and ordered a side of fries. You can customize the burgers however or trust them on the prebuilt ones. Mine was fantastic. I added some Spot sauce (a tangy mix of ketchup and bbq sauce I think). The bun is fluffy and fresh and made of something like potato bread. It's closed in the back end so you can hold the burger in your hand and not worry about drip through or fallout! (Thumbs up on the idea, guys!)
My friend had the Spot burger which had coleslaw, cheddar, pickles and bacon with Spot sauce; it was amazing, but he said he'd go a bit lighter on the coleslaw as it became overpowering halfway through. That Spot sauce is the jam! Order an extra side cup.
They also are a BYOB or you can get one of their fancy old fashioned glass bottle sodas in lots of Yummy Flavors. 
Hands down the best burger I've had on the East Coast.My boyfriend and I came here for a Friday night for some burgers. We figured we would order it online first so that it would be ready to pickup once we arrived. However, when we arrived the order was not ready for another 40 minutes, keep in mind that we ordered it 20 minutes before we came in. The service was completely horrendous and they had 3 workers who had absolutely no idea what they were doing. Unless you want to wait over an hour for an over-priced and sub-par burger, go somewhere else.As of this writing, these guys make one of the best burgers in Philadelphia. 
Spot Burger gets the browning right - a salty-enough brown crust, seared from the grill that gives flavor on the outside and keeps the juices on the inside. An eclectic set of toppings, plus house butchered meats really makes a trip to Spot Burger worth it. Great fries as well. The prices are reasonable for the quality, I've always been happy with my orders. 
Bonus: take-out beer at Ryebrew across
the street, where you can also get a plastic bag for your beer and your paper burger sack.It's really tough not to award five stars when the best burger (below $12) and the best cheesesteak in Philly are housed at the same place.  The fries aren't far behind either.  The service is really friendly, the prices are fair, and I really admire restauranteurs who take chances on a neighborhood in flux.
Grab yourself a couple beers, head up to Spot, and eat some great Philly food.  Doesn't hurt that you can head over to Crime & Punishment afterwards for a local draft too!  
PS - Extend your hours...missing a lot of the dinner crowd and even more of the takeout crowd.Closes at 10pm, but they stop taking orders at 8:30pm! Makes no sense. Avoid at all costs. Karma pizza has better burgers anyways.Delicious and just as good as the food truck. Spot burger was fantastic and so were the cheese fries. Great price and you can bring your own beer in.Had the SantaFe Chicken burger yesterday. It was the best burger I've had in a long time. The place is really small with limited seating but once you get those burgers, you really don't care about anything else. Totally recommend!Best burger in the city. Get the Big Mick. I remember when Spot was a cart on Drexel campus. Happy to seem them grow. 
Don't miss out!Everything was more than expected!!! Awesome custom service, friendly environment, clean, and the burger..... well let's just say it was amazing! I ordered a Rodeo Burger (medium) and it was cooked perfectly. Overall I would recommend anyone to come here as their menu is vast. 
A++I've never actually been to Spot, but if you can deliver a burger this tasty, you certainly earn five stars in my book. Here's what really gets me - I'm all about a burger being cooked rare/mid rare. And they're big patty burgers nail it every time. But the Big Mic is smaller patties and no temperature choice. But damn is that a good burger anyway.
My wife and I have probably ordered from here 15-20 times and have been pleased every time. She loves the Wimpy Sirloin, and I've tried almost every burger on the menu. Fries are always a must too, and delicious. 
Look forward to actually stopping in sometime. 
Thanks, keep up the great work!I was devastated when I found out that the Spot burger food truck moved before I got to try it, but thankfully the brick and mortar location isn't too far from the original Spot (pun intended). 
I set off to Brewerytown with high hopes, and returned with a full, satisfied stomach. 
3 of us in a group of 4 ordered the namesake SpOt burger, while the fourth was adventurous and tried the Philly cheesesteak, apparently rated the Best Cheesesteak by Philly mag. The burger was really good, and you could tell they used quality meat from the rich flavors in the meat. What I was really surprised by was how the cheesesteak shone at this place dedicated to making burgers - it was super flavorful, juicy, and arguably one of the best cheesesteaks I've ever had. 
We also ordered the cheese fries and magic mussels. The cheese fries were crispy, well seasoned and blanketed with cheese sauce. The mussels was their daily special, and came with half a lemon bathing in the sauce, and it was AMAZING. I don't know what they put it in, but it was truly magical - it came with two generous slabs of crusty, toasted, buttery bread to dip in the sauce that had an amazing lemon aroma. The mussels were super tender and soft. I didn't think I'd come into a burger spot to rave about a mussel dish, but I think it was the highlight of the meal - we even dipped our burgers into the sauce (sounds weird, but it's worth it.) 
Josh Kim, the owner, was behind the counter manning the grill, and he took the time to say hi to the customers. The staff was also super friendly, and really makes this little spot a great, welcoming place to enjoy a burger (and magic mussels).Best burger I've ever had. Pretty sure the beef is all organic. Owner is very friendly and beef is always fresh. Never disappoints. I've had different burgers from the Spot cart at events and every single one has been better than the last. Keep up the great work!!Love this quant little burger joint. I was on my way to the zoo, and searched good burgers nearby and came across this place. I got the JAWN, and that JAWN was on point. Highly recommend, and the customer service was great! Wasn't a long wait and not over priced. Can't wait to go back next time I am in the area.
P.S A friend just told me they won best cheesesteak by Philly Magazine. That's on my list next time I go!Didn't try the burger because I stood in line for 15 minutes while they insisted on filling online orders before even thinking about tending to customers in store. I walked there in the freezing cold..should have ordered take out and might have actually gotten my burger.So so so delicious. Warm juicy burgers, amazing salty crispy fries. Best food I've had out in a while.I have eaten here several times, and it's a great small local burger place.  Everything is well cooked and tastes excellent.  The beef for the burgers is excellent and the bun has always been fresh. The fries are excellent. 
I will say the only issues I've had - which have been minor - are the phone/online ordering.  They give you a time frame for when your food is going to be ready, but the person running the front seems unsure of what is going on.  For instance, they told me it would be about 20 minutes until my food was ready.  I walked over in 20 minutes, and they said it wasn't ready yet.  Okay fine.  I sat down and somewhere between 5 to 10 minutes later the guy at the front realized my order actually was ready.   So something small, but should be said so hopefully they can improve this.  I think this place could be _the_ place to go for a burger in town if they put some time in to the service and maybe had more of a sit-down area.Delicious!  I requested an (over-easy) egg atop my 'Rodeo' burger and they were more than happy to oblige.  This burger made me do a happy dance in my seat, it was THAT good.  The portions are just right, perhaps even anything slightly bigger than what I was expecting. 
I also had to steal a bite of my cousins 'Billy' burger and that was just as delicious!  I cannot wait to go back and try other items!
SO.MUCH.FLAVOR.  MUST.GO.BACK.
Also, I suggest ordering a side of their cheese fries. You will not regret it.There's just something about this place folks. Every burger I've eaten here has been amazing. Reason for me finally writing this review- Our grubhub order was messed up by the driver. The spot burger folks hopped on the phone with them and made sure our entire order was reimbursed. Had a still warm burger to eat (late... but wasn't spot's fault) that tasted delicious.Delicious burgers, friendly service...great additional to the neighborhood!An new intimate burger joint in BreweryTown, Spot Burger fits in well with the area. 
The space is tiny inside, can maybe hold 15 people max, but the prices are good and food is unique and delicious. Some of their burgers have a special sauce. If you don't sit in you can always get takeout.
The owner of restaurant, Chef Kim, has a very interesting life story you can read about on the newspaper clippings posted to the walls. 
BreweryTown is changing; Spot Burger is a good for the reviving neighborhood.BEST BURGERS IN PHILADELPHIA. HANDS DOWN. Also, the cheesesteaks are amazing. Fries are bomb. All in all this place is incredible and I'm always craving it.Awesome burgers. Fries also amazing. Service was quik and the staff very professional and nice. Vegan options also very good. Great value for the money. Will always stop by here when in the area.Definitely one of the best burger joints in Philadelphia, especially if price plays into your taste appreciation. What used to be a food truck operation has now taken root on West Girard Avenue (2800 Block). Although, small in stature, their burgers, cheesesteaks and roast pork sandwiches are worthy of being called, "Philly Prime." At less that $10 per, they offer a strong value compared to some of the expensive burger houses. 
My Ponderosa Burger with grilled onions & mushrooms, Swiss, and fries inside the potato bun, topped with a drizzle of their secret steak sauce, was both a sight and delight.  Although slightly beyond my requested Medium finish, it remained juicy with a great taste profile from the added ingredients. The first bite told the tale.  It exploded in my mouth with so much forceful flavor, that some of it squirted out from my loosely closed lips. Glad I had grabbed enough napkins at the counter to deal with it. 
My lovely companion sampled the Manayunk Roast Pork Sammy (pork loin topped with American, coleslaw, pickle and BBQ sauce).  She could barely finish half!  Too, their fries were copious, crisp and freshly cut. 
Service, friendly and engaging. Order and pickup at the counter. 
Excellence all around.We used SPOT on Caviar and was very satisfied.  The fries were fresh, large portion, and delicious.  I had a beef burger and my wife had a chicken burger, and both were really good.  The buns were especially high quality.  I will definitely be ordering more food from SPOT.Ordered spot and rodeo burger for take out. It was really good. Fries was hot and crispy. Big portions and affordable price. The best!Dear SPOT Gourmet Burgers,
Your place was okay. It was less than average. The food was amazing though and there was no line. But the cons...
1. The food took forever. I was really hungry and it took way long. Also I only bought a hot dog. Someone else's food came in first before mine even though I was first one here!
2. The place was not clean. Seriously the floor had litter and powder and the walls were cracked. 
3. Your employees were yelling behind the counter, and started cursing. That's really not appropriate. 
4. There are so many smells that can leave you nauseous. Yuck!
So, the point of this letter/review: speed up your cooking, clean up, be kid-friendly, and fix your smells. Keep at it with the food, and maybe you'll get more customers!!!
From, 
Butterfly T.
Oh and P.S. The hot dog- didn't even get to bite it. The whole dog fell out of the bread. Wow.A great little spot in Philadelphia , I order the rodeo burger and it was delicious, the from the bun to the meat it was great burger, if I go back to philly I will back for another burgerWe wanted to try a Philly Cheesesteak sandwich in Philly.  It was delicious and the staff was super friendly!  Good portion of meat, with provolone cheese (they let you choose your cheese) with onions.  Close to the Philadelphia Museum of Art, this spot hit the mark for us!  Thanks.Nope.  Ate there once - one and done.  Wish I saw the multitude of online health reports (City of Philadelphia Department of Public Health Food Safety Reports) before I ate there.  Other reviewers fell ill after eating here, and mouse droppings have been seen there by another reviewer.  The place is small & dirty.  I've seen them be rude to delivery personnel.  The burgers are greasy and tasteless. So many other better choices throughout the city.Came across this burger spot on yelp while looking for somewhere to eat in Philly. Even though it was so hot inside because it was an open kitchen, we stayed to eat. There seemed to be very little seating. The inside looked like a fast food joint but don't let that fool you. 
I thought it was nice that they offered veggie and chicken patties for all their burgers - not many places do this. They also have cheesesteaks and corn dogs on the menu. I ordered the Santa Fe burger - I asked how spicy the hot sauce was and the cashier said it was pretty spicy so I asked to leave it out but he offered it on the side. Luckily, I had the sauce on the side, it was lacking a little flavor without it and it was not as spicy as they made it sound. The burger was super juicy and cooked medium well, just like how I asked. The size of the party was pretty generous, compared to a lot of other burger joints. They use potato buns, I'm personally not a huge fan but my friend liked it. There was a decent amount of guacamole, onions, lettuce, tomato and jalapeños in my burger. Definitely decent priced meal! 
Most importantly, the staff was super friendly. They were welcoming and catered to our requests. I definitely recommend this place for anyone craving a good burger!I dunno. "Medium-rare" burgers were medium-well (and they ask when you order so it's not like I'm demanding a precision they don't offer), fries were floppy. Nice folks, reasonably tasty. But to my taste it was a big, too-dense, overcooked (but uncaramelized) patty, the toppings (I had the Spot Burger) weren't tangy enough to offset all that gray meat, and so overall it was just ok. Not thrilling, not Best of Philly. I know they do dozens of topping variations and I've had just one, but I think if you flub the basics it doesn't matter that you've got a version with marshmallows and matcha powder.Love it here! The burgers are amazing, the staff is super friendly and I never have a bad experience! I love that they opened up in Brewerytown, because it's just one more thing to love about this neighborhood! If you're craving a delicious burger and friend then look no further!Okay so we were working in philly and I looked up most popular burger spots and this was one of them , we decided to go cause prices were decent and burgers looked good. I chose the billy on a lettuce wrap and it was decent - nothing out of this world but tasted nice. Fries were also good.  
But my husband got just a regular burger with extra onion and pickles and sauce. Very simple. The burger comes with little to no pickles and onions on it. Basically meat and bun. 
So my husband gets up and kindly asked for extra onions and pickles. The guy tells him he's gonna charge him an extra dollar for this. Let me add this plain burger was 8.75. My "gourmet" burger was 9.
So we were gonna pay and then the guy was about to charge even more for the veggies and then he touched the veggies with his hands- no gloves - and he's handling cash
I've gotten better burgers for less and with more and the staff was much nicer. 
If you don't care about money and service then go here. But honestly I'd rather go to shake shack!My review of the food: 4
My review of staff/service: 0
My overall rating of a 2 is warranted by this count. It's a shame I won't be back based on my one experience however.They still got it. I don't even think my cheese fries made it to I-95! I made the drive up because I was in desperate need of a nice burger with all the fixins! I ordered 2 to go right at closing and I don't think it would be any different than at the beginning of the day. Fresh hot food, nice portion sizes, and a wonderful staff. (That one guy is a raiders fan bless his heart). Either way drop in, or catch the food truck when they get out. It's in an excellent location and the neighborhood is doing great.Absolutely delicious burger and cheesesteak. Tried the Big Mick (basically a big mac made right), Roquefort burger, and a cheesesteak with onions mushroom and provolone. Everything was made fresh and without a long wait. Good quality meat on both the burgers and the steaks. Everything is juicy and cooked to perfection. I'd be addicted if I lived a little closer. A must try for any burger or cheesesteak lover!We recently discovered this place and it is incredible. The burgers are some of the best in the city and we love the variety of options for toppings. Their fried chicken sandwiches are awesome too. Highly recommend!!!This place is consistently delicious.  Great local spot to eat. I food tastes like they loved making it for you.It's sad when a place that makes good-great food loses track of what made them great in the first place... The customer service provided by Josh Kim and His new employees had been excellent til some of the people he hired to co-manage the place while he was not there became delusioned that their customers were dependent on them and not vice-versa. 
I walked in on 9/4 to order food. My wife subbed her cheese out and out of nowhere there is an up charge for cheddar from pepper jack. While the teller was surprised about it and also very nice about explaining he wasn't sure why this was the case. I could understand a change in price from American to jack or cheddar but why in the world would you ever charge a customer more to click an automated computer button for subbing an equivalent ingredient. Clearly 25 cents is not about the money but rather the fact that you would rather erk your customers so much that they would be inclined to eat across the street st at rybrew. This is simply loss of appreciation for the customer and greed to make an extra buck per 4 customers.
Additionally I ordered a meal that came with avocado (usually the most expensive item on any menu) and the larger Asian female chef rudely said no when asked if I could sub it for anything , stating it can only be nixed. 
This encounter is not isolated. I have been there a number of times where the larger Asian women who seems to manage while josh isn't there is rude and barking in the back. I like spot a lot, and I love the story josh Kim delivers behind his place... But I hope this place doesn't lose sight of what attracts the customer; this customer just went from a multi purchase per week customer to a zero purchase per week customer at least for the time being until consumer appreciation is recognized.Just wow...what a burger joint should be, except the music was kind of weird. 
Guy at the counter was super nice as were the people handing the food out. Helped with the menu, encouraged us to bring beer in with us, just very welcoming. 
I had the jawn burger which was delicious! Fell apart a bit but just because there was so much stuff on it. Fries were also cooked well. 
Lots of different burger options on the menu. 
Cons:
Slightly cramped seating
Not a con but the food takes a bit to come out which is totally worth the time. 
New favorite burgers in Philly? I think so.Great cheesesteak and fries. My wife's Billy Burger and called it the best burger of her life. It's casual and people are friendly.Omg- this place is a must! While visiting Philly I asked for a "yummy" burger and this place didn't disappoint. (Recommended by the locals) I had the Charlie Brown and my bf had the Spot burger. Both were equally good but we ended up liking each other's so a switch happened. Everything was cooked perfectly and the fries were SPOT on! 
The staff was friendly and took time to explain the menu and make recommendations. 
We will definitely be back!Never had a problem before with delivery notification until today and the food is good. Delivery man pulls up and leave white paper bag on my front step. Did not call, text, ring bell or knock on door to inform me he was here. My front door was open with the screen security door locked. I saw the car pull up,  the delivery guy couldn't see me where I was inside my house, but by the time I got to the door, I move slow at 67, he had left the bag with my food on my front step. He was getting back in car. "I said hey, you were going to leave my food on the step? He said" that's our procedure due to covid". I called him back over to hand him a $5 tip despite this lack of customer service. I called the store, the answerer was unpleasant, overtalked me and tried to dispute that I had observed this behavior.. then told me that the guy was going to text me AFTER he got back in the car to let me know my food was on the step. That makes absolutely NO SENSE! I told him that was not the process with my past deliveries. Very poor customer service and inadequate response to my concern.A welcome addition to Girard Ave. They are actually doing a pretty great thing and the burger is great. It's not among the best in Philly, but it is a good development in that neighborhood (if you think that kind of development is good). I recommend the spot if you're around, but it's not a destination place yet.
I got an $8 Spot Burger with house made cheese fries. The burger was a little overcooked (I ordered rare), but not an abomination. Friendly staff made the visit more pleasant. It was busy and they worked well and I felt no pressure to leave. Very accomodating.There's a reason that SpOt receives so much acclaim and recognition from local and national publications - it's that damn good. My suggestion is to start with the SpOt burger and work your way down the menu. You won't be disappointed.First time here! Dope service & delicious food! Ribeye cheesesteak was everything!! I will highly recommend this spot to anyone who visits Philly!Veggie Spot burger was amazing!!!  Fries was just right and didn't wait too long for my to go order! The bun for the burger was perfectly toasted. I will suggest better drinks. Service was ok food was amazing! 
Thank youA splendid neighborhood burger spot in the lively Brewerytown neighborhood that offers an array of delightful burgers among other sandwiches. I very much enjoyed my Butcher Burger and Cheese Fries. They cook your meat just how you tell them to and don't skimp oh fresh ingredients and sauces. The staff are very down to earth so I decided to sit in and eat. It's a very cozy spot that feels like home. I enjoyed the smooth old school hip hop they were playing on the speakers. Will be back to try more options.The best Philly cheesesteaks around! The meat is high quality and seasoned perfectly. It can be a little expensive 11+ for a cheesesteak depending on what toppings you may or may not add. Burgers and fries are also great options as well! It's a small spot and can get a little warm inside, but I've only ever ordered food to go.The burgers were decent and the service staff was very friendly. We took the burgers and fries to go and the food was very hot and fresh! The cheese fries were delicious and although I personally didn't LOVE my burger, the size was worth the price and the meat quality was excellent.This restaurant was amazing!!!! Not only was the food phenomenal! But, is everyone so sweet and personable that works there. I love that this restaurant gives back to the local community and feed those in need! If you are in the Philly area, definitely go there!My boyfriend and I went here on a Friday night for burgers and fries. I don't eat meat but they have an okay veggie burger patty --nothing earth shattering- that allows you to have 'access' to most types of burgers they make. I had the Santa Fe which features avocado and jalapeños. Probably one too many jalapeños for me but tasty for sure. Fries were a highlight though for some reason ours were not hot. They were still good. All burgers are served on potato roll unless you request whole wheat. Incredibly upbeat, friendly staff. Will be back for another quick casual date.Update: My po' boy was not $9 as I thought, it was $6.50. 
It was still not great, and after 4 messages from Spot Burger, having my receipt creepily messaged to me - versus just sending a copy of the menu - and being asked to bump up the stars on my review -TWICE- simply bc I made a $2.50 error.......I am still sticking to my original 3 stars and seriously questioning ALL these other perfect 5 star reviews.Probably one of the best burgers I ever tasted. The balance between ingredients are well set. Tasty and Juicy Burger. Cheesesteak is one of the best you can get in town. Neighborhood is pretty hip and cozy and staff are super friendly.This is a cozy restaurant in an up and coming neighborhood. I have lived a few blocks away and have been very excited about the opening of spOt. 
I was not let down! I had the spOt burger and was very impressed. I have never had the food truck version so I didn't know what to expect. It was a weird flavor, but really damn good. That's what I look for in a place's signature sauce. The fries were crunchy and just the right amount of salty.
They have a wonder staff and are pretty quick. Take a trip and you won't be sad :)Having been meaning to try this place for sometime and it didn't disappoint. I had french fries and chicken cheesesteak. The french fries were well seasoned and cooked perfectly and the cheesesteak was large and delicious, enough for 2 meals.  I had it with onions and spot sauce and it was tasty. I would definitely recommend trying this local jawn.I had the cheesesteak.  Yes, I went to Spot Gourmet BURGER and got the cheesesteak.  It was tasty and I can see where they are trying to make a gourment Cheesesteak.  That area is going to be good, they do a lot of promoting of each other's business.  Very neighborhoody vibe.  I do not recommend the cheesesteak.So I received a message from user named Tim M..... Tim works for Spots, Tim proceeded to call me a troll because I didn't give a crap about the burger I reviewed 30 LONG DAYS AGO. 
First off I'm blown, why do you have time to do this
Tim?
Secondly I tried another burger like you or whoever suggested, it was better but I'm so darn busy with work and school I don't live on Yelp. 
Third, how do you manage in the service industry with your crap ass attitude?
I don't have to like anything you make, no one does. So stop harassing people who don't like a particular item of yours. Wtf are we three? Grow up. 
Anyway I've screenshot everything and the petty patti in me will be contacting Yelp. Also I'll be telling EVERYONE I know about this weird ass experience. 
A troll? Bye, boy. 
-------------------------------------------------
Push that price point then because those fries aren't the best.  Also it's great that that particular burger gets rave reviews... I however hated it. 
I'm also biased too as the best burger I've ever had was in another country and NYC. I just need something comparable in Philly. Not tryna travel two hours for a decent burger. 
Regards!!Best burgers in Philly!! So good.. very juicy burgers! Shop is small, so seats tend to fill up pretty fast.. but still good on the go.Pretty solid burger... the spot sauce is delicious! Seating is a little tight so definitely recommend that you take your order to go.Just like how I remembered the burgers when they had a truck at Drexel!! Literally the best burgers ever. I was so excited to find out that The Spot now has a store, granted its small, only 4 tables, 2 high tops, and some counter seating. 
We got the cheese fries which is hand cut fries with wiz. I got the Charlie Brown, which has a sweeter tangy flavor due to their special sauce, sort of like a mayo sauce. I enjoyed the burger very much and would definitely go again to try the other ones. 
They also have soda in a glass bottle for those that are a fan of that. Overall, food is amazing, store is normal but that doesn't matter when you're getting one of the best burgers in Philly.BOMB food. Wow I was so impressed by these burgers. One of the best is the umami burger. The flavors all melt together and create a yummy mommy in my mouth. Oops I'm using auto correct and I meant to say oh mommy
. Well you get what I mean. The fries were especially good and had a unique flavor and crunch! Also super happy to see that they support local service industry workers at this crazy time of whatever tha f*#%Our second time driving all the way down to Brewerytown from Ft Wash and again soooooo worth it. Seriously how is everything so amazingly good and fresh?? Our family of five ordered the Spot Burger, a Chicken burger, a veggie burger, a cheesesteak, and two cheeseburgers. And lots of fries. Yes we r pigs. And we finished it all minus a few fries we saved for the dog. And since it's covid-19 season and everything would be cold if we took it home, we gobbled it all up in an in-car picnic w wine and beer. The place was hopping (meaning the phone was ringing nonstop) when we walked in w masks and all. So glad! Hope this place stays open always and forever!!! Wish it was closer but seriously worth the drive to get the best best burgers ever. Actually probably better for our waistlines that it's not too close!Some of the best customer service I've experienced. But I sure your here for the reviews on food. I stepped out the box and got fried cod. My intention was to stop in for a burger but I just couldn't resist. The fish was amazing. Flaky and flavorful. The  were tasty too. Didn't need me adding salt or peppers. It already had a bit of salty taste to it. So good. Have to try the burgers next time big yes! There will be a next time.Burgers are great and cooked to order. My husband love the chicken burgers. It's more of a carry out. We were able to find a table the first time we went but tables are limited. I recommend calling in your order.Second time eating burgers from here only thing they forgot was the bacon on my Roquefort burger but everything else was delicious....keep up the good work.The burgers are amazing and addictive!  Seasoned patties cooked perfectly with a great bun and delicious toppings and sauces.  Best burger in Philly.Burger, cheesesteak, chicken cheesesteak, specials like fish and chips. It's all been delicious.SPOT is the right name for this burger joint. Their burgers are on POINT. Cooked to order makes them hot and juicy and not all dried out from being under a burner light all day. Their fries are crispy on the outside, tender on the inside. I had the Roquefort burger medium temp and it did not disappoint. I also got a mild beef frank, fried and added condiments to make it Chicago style. My friend had the Spot burger and she said it was also hot and delicious and cooked to her liking. Skip those long drive thru lines at McDonald's, go a couple of miles down the road on Girard and try a real burger made with good quality meat that doesn't have all of that cartilage and gristle in it. Quality ingredients makes for a quality product. Also try their desserts, their brownies are to die for.