Spread is my go-to lazy weekend breakfast spot. Strong coffee with free refills, bagels fresh from the wood-burning oven served with some classic R&B tunes, and only a block from Rittenhouse Square (ideal for picnicking). The line is often long but it moves quickly, and the local ingredients are worth the extra dollar or two. True, Montreal bagels are not the same as New York bagels, but can't I make room in my belly for both?Man what can I say.  These place has all three ambiance, great taste and great customer service.I'm a New Yorker at heart. 
We take our bagels seriously. 
We can't stand the mass produced wads of bread that masquerade for bagels at the pseudo-bagel chains. 
Spread is serious bagels. Craft made. Matched with in store made spreads.
The real deal.Being from NJ, it's been so hard to find an acceptable bagel place in Philadelphia. I don't know what it is but the bagels in this city stink! Spread, however, is the exception to this rule!
The bagels here are just so yummy. I'm a huge fan of the toasted everything bagel with cream cheese and a fresh squeezed juice. 
To avoid the outrageous line wrapped outside on the weekends, try calling ahead to pick up an order to go! Or... Go in around 2 PM :)
My only gripe is that a bagel is like $5. Really? Meh.Expect a wait, especially on the weekends. When I arrived, around 11AM on a Sunday morning, the line was out the door. I got an everything bagel with smoked salmon cream cheese, and it was delicious. I really enjoyed the montreal style, brick-oven toasted, bagels. It maintained the appropriate combination of crispiness and fluffiness. The smoked salmon spread, while a little light on the smoked salmon, was fine. Bagels were completed only a minute after ordering. I'm assuming the breakfast sandwiches take significantly longer to make. 
My only relevant complaints regard the size and price of the bagels. Bagels definitely aren't NYC-style behemoths, but they definitely include a price premium. I bought two bagels with cream cheeses and two OJs, and the total was $17 bucks... definitely not your typical neighborhood price point.Insanely overpriced. My sausage, egg, and cheese sandwich cost over $7!!! If I'm paying $7 for a breakfast sandwich, it better knock my socks off. I thought the sandwich was very underwhelming. The eggs lacked flavor and the bagel was hard and tasted too much like burnt garlic. You can get a much better breakfast sandwich (for $4 cheaper) down the street at Palm Tree Gourmet.
In college I worked right next door to a deli that (in my opinion) served the greatest bagels/breakfast sandwiches ever, so I may be holding this place to unfairly high standards. Regardless, I can't justify paying that much money for a mediocre sandwich. Not to mention this place is tiny and always so crowded.  I probably won't return.Love the bagels, but always take mine plain (they do not have non-dairy spreads). The coffee is meh. I'm not a fan of La Colombe (worst coffee ever) so I wish they'd offer another option. Either way, 4 our of 5 stars.I'm a huge bagel snob. The bagels I had every Sunday growing up are simply nowhere to be found in Philly, and I've come to terms with that. But when I heard that Spread was serving Montreal-style, which apparently are like the deep-dish of the pizza world (similar, yet not comparable to the traditional choice), I figured I'd give it a try.
Listen - the food was good. I found the bagel to be a little strange, but it certainly was tasty. The spread (I got the lox cream cheese) was delicious, and the egg was perfectly cooked. 
So why 3 stars? Well, the service was a 5 star experience. I ordered to go, and the speed was beyond fast. And they take LevelUp, which gave them some points in my book. But the price is insane. I can't believe I spent $12 on a bagel with cream cheese (not actual lox!) and an iced coffee. Cannot believe it.
I'd say the food is 3.5 stars, the service is 5, the tiny checkout space is a 2 and the prices are a 1. If you're not concerned about price than definitely stop by and try these Canadian bagel things. But if you're trying to save your money I'd head somewhere else.Spread is a great bagel place in an area lacking any other bagel places. Their bagels are very unique and doughier than normal. They also bake them in house in a huge fire burning oven, which gives the bagels a bit of a smoky taste.
It's a great lunch place. Bagel melts are cheap and pretty good once re-toasted. Their bagels and sandwiches are definitely on the pricey side, but very good, with many fresh, house made ingredients.
I can't speak for the line on Saturday and Sunday mornings, but I've heard it can get pretty long. Call ahead to order before picking up. I've picked up a couple bagels on Saturday for Sunday morning, and they just don't retain their great Spread-y quality.
Overall, good neighborhood bagel spot.I wanted a bagel place close to home so we decided to go here. The everything bagel was okay, it tasted too much like sesame seeds and less of everything else. The bagel was big but It was too "flat" (even more deflated than other montreal bagels) so I didn't get much of the bagel texture.  If you do decide to visit this place, definitely get the cream cheese with the smoked salmon inside, the smoked salmon was pretty good but honestly, its hard to mess up on smoked salmon. I would go here to buy their spreads, but I personally didn't enjoy their bagels as muchCozy spot, good sandwich options, decent bagels, but nothing mind-blowing. Frankly, I prefer South Street Philly Bagels.I love a bagels. I long for the days of picking up a dozens bagels on the weekend and indulging. Sadly, America realized that they aren't great for you and ever since, the bagel shop business has slowly gone down hill and then I read about Spread.
Spread is a bagel place through and through and it's more than that. Their bagels are "Montreal" style. What the heck is that? Well, there's made in a brick over...aka super crusty on the outside and chewy/deliciousness on the inside. Awesome. 
I absolutely recommend checking this place out. Expect to wait a little since it's a tiny place and one of the only delicious bagel places left in town!I got a nova scramble, I went on a Monday morning and the shop was not busy.  The bagel was good but the sandwich was sloppy, definitely overpriced. Can get much better-assembled bagels for a couple dollars cheaper.Spread is my jam. The bagels are always baked to perfection and the bagel sandwiches are simple and tasty. My kind of place.These bagels are not good at all!They were undercooked on the inside even though the outside was a golden brown, and had no flavor. Also, the eggs on my bagel sandwhich were overcooked with a golden brown film on them. The staff that  runs the place is snooty and also refused to close the front door in the middle of January. When we asked if the door could be closed due to the low 30 degree temps rolling in and our feet freezing, we were told they needed to leave it open for the line - there was no line. When I commented on that fact, they said that they needed to leave the door open for ventilation. Sounds like a license and Inspection issue if the establishment with INDOOR seating cannot operate in the winter with the door closed....After this place seemed to open and close a few times, I finally got to try it out and see what the fuss as all about. 
I had never had a Montreal style bagel before, and I don't think they're quite as good as a real New York bagel, but it's definitely worth the trip when you compare it to anything you have in your freezer, or Dunkin Donuts bagels, for that matter. 
The bagels are soft, fresh, and a little doughy tasting. Like everyone else, they do over-do the cream cheese in my opinion, so I always ask for it on the side. The cream cheese itself is fluffy, and a little addictive. 
The coffee is La Colombe, and it's delicious. It goes really well with an everything bagel and cream cheese. Maybe I'm just partial.
The place was packed and the line was out the door on a Sunday morning, but the owner was still friendly, and chatted with me briefly as he brushed busily by, asking how the coffee was (I sipped it while I waited for my toasted everything...with cream cheese...mmm). 
I haven't tried much here yet, but so far, so good. I can't say there was a go-to bagel shop anywhere near me before this place opened, so I guess this is my go-to now, so that says a lot.Cool place..but only ok bagels. The breakfast sandwich ingredients very quality...but the wood fored bagel is a little smokey which is not my preferred style of bagel. If you like this style of bagel this is your joint.Seriously, Philadelphia loves to eat but wont cover a bagel with cream cheese...The Bagels they are very bready and no one in Philadelphia puts enough cream cheese on a bagel.   I was expecting to be blown away by the bagels but wasn't it was good just not great.  I may change my rating if I go for a brunch and have the eggs and bacon which smelled delicious.Never a big wait. Easy in, easy out.
Bagels are great- love an everything with veggie cream cheese or a BLT. Wanna try that pastrami special
Coffee is great.
Prices are very rittenhouse...but quality is there.
good soundtrack playing all the time.
Friendly staff.  
Wanna try the BYO vodka for brunch sometime....Decent bagels, overpriced if you're adding in an egg. Not the friendliest staff whatsoever if you're looking for a happy greeting at 9am- you're probably going to get a little bit of attitude if you have absolutely any questions at all, still on the hunt for a good bagel place in this case! 
On a side note they should probably fix their ventilation, if you decide to stay and eat in, expect to leave smelling like burnt bread.I've only been here once so far, but I've been itching to go again! I came here with a friend for a quick brunch and ordered the egg white breakfast sandwich. Egg, swiss, spinach, mushrooms, and TURKEY BACON!! Pretty much all of my favorite things piled on top of each other in between two halves of the most delicious bagel. I'm from New Jersey which is the home of the best delis, and while I won't say these were just as good, they were pretty darn close. Definitely worth a visit!As soon as you enter, you feel how warm it is from the brick oven used for the bagels and then you look up and you're overwhelmed w. the menu board... yikes.  I love the old school and quint feel of Spread and the overall customer service was quick.
The bagels are super yummy and I love the flour they have on the outside, brings a rustic taste to the bagel.  I do think a wheat bagel w/ scallion cream cheese for $4 is expensive considering I can go to the supermkt and get 5 bagels for $3 bucks.  But of course those supermkt bagels won't taste anywhere as fresh and yummy as Spread.
Bonus they offer la calombe which is my ideal coffee.
Dear Spread.... can you guys implement a reward program for every $50 spent here you get a free begal and coffee or something?.. Com' on lets reward the patrons of Spread.
TIP - Buy 6 bagels for $10 ...bang for the buck. I am def coming back for this.The line for this place is always out the door! Some of that has to do with there being only a short distance between the door and the register...
The bagels themselves are good. I'm told their in the Montreal style. Having lived in Montreal for almost a year, I think they do alright with their emulation. I tried the PB&J bagel last time. The amount of PB&J on the bagel is a lot to take in. Definitely have napkins ready.Well, well, well! Sitting pretty on the outskirts of rittenhouse square Park is this absolute gem. They use a method of wood baking which allows the bagels to be very soft. Nice variety for all your taste buddlings lol. Just know if you want a BETTER bagel go. CAUTION: not for slim pocketsLove this place. Awesome bacon egg and cheese. Great raisin bagels. People who work there are nice.Since relocating here for school, it's been a pleasant surprise to discover that Philly is quite the food city - not a "foodie" city, I'll let you ponder that one - but a fairly solid food city. Its Achilles heel, though, is definitely BAGELS! Even though I am your good ol' garden variety California gurl, I love me a good New York bagel from time to time. My proverbial no-carb-diet is begrudgingly thankful, though, because nothing in Philly hits the spot in that department...
Granted, Spread does not proclaim to have New York-style bagels - cos pardon-moi, they exclusively serve "Montréal-style bagels." So maybe I shouldn't be critiquing Spread; maybe I just don't like Montréal-style bagels. But hey I can still judge them for choosing that motif! These bagels taste as if the baker forgot to add salt. Wait a second, Montréal-style bagels aren't supposed to have salt anyway. Hm, not sure how I feel about that philosophy. The bagels here also taste very light, mildly sweet, and bread-like, almost like a baguette that had an identity crisis and curled itself into a donut.
I'll give Spread a consolation star, for its attempt to be an individual and appeal to a niche market. But in a city like Philly where bagels are so hard to come by anyway, was that really necessary? My friend and I each got a Frittata Scramble, in which an egg, cheddar cheese, tomato, bacon, and jam are sandwiched between two bagel slices. Despite that mouthful of ingredients, we STILL thought it lacked flavor due to the lifeless, saltless bagel, and proceeded to douse it with the yummy local hot sauce they have on the tables. That is perhaps the bagellian equivalent of ruining frites with ketchup. I guess we just don't know how to appreciate subtlety... Tant pis :)As far as breakfast bagels go, this place is the bomb.  You usually have to wait a little depending on the time you show up but its worth it.  Bagels are different than your typical New Jersey bagels but I like the difference.  I got one of their bagel sandwiches first time there and then one of their bagel flats the second time there.  Both absolutely filling and delicious.  My only complaint is that I wish it were a bit quicker but I guess good food takes time!This is my favorite breakfast place in Philadelphia - they make the bagels right in front of you - nice outdoor seating on a sunny day and in a great part of town to have a walk around ie go to fitler squareAlthough these bagels are not bad, it is very misleading to call them Montreal bagels. The consistency is all wrong and most obviously they look nothing like the real thing. True Montreal bagels are uneven and no two are alike, but at Spread they look like they came straight from Sysco's freezers and simply boiling them in honey water won't make up for that.
Worst of all, Montreal bagels are dirt cheap, but at Spread they are très chers.
The firm 4:00 PM closing is really inconvenient.My previous review is below, but I felt it necessary to post another and give the full 5 stars....  
Spread Bagelry is by far my most favorite place to get a bagel in Philadelphia.  They have an amazing way of boiling the bagels in a slightly honeyed water then firing them off to perfection in their wood oven.  The honey water definitely gives the bagel a oh so perfect sweetness to the delicious dough.  I am in LOVE! I bring my little 23 month old friend and he almost finishes a plain bagel with butter every time!  He too has great taste!  
Tuna salad is good too!
PREVIOUS:
Awesome wood fired bagels! Had the everything with cream cheese and tomato very very tasty.. Another time I ordered the asiago bread bagel - melted cheese on the bagel with a slice of tomato YUM!I came here for the first time about a month ago with a friend who had been raving about the Montreal style bagels that Spread bakes fresh daily.  I was super excited because, to me, there is nothing better than a good bagel sandwich--especially a breakfast sandwich on the weekends after a night of working or drinking; something to fill the void or soak up the toxins! I ordered the egg white sandwich on a toasted whole wheat everything bagel and fell in love with it. I've been back every weekend since and have rotated between the egg white sandwich or simply just a toasted bagel with one of their delicious cream cheese spreads (the onion scallion is by far my favorite). The bagels are doughy, oblong, unique, and fresh every time. The staff is very friendly and diligent in addition to the delicious bagels.  There isn't anything that I want to complain about other than the small interior which leaves little space for seating.The bagel was good I am usually starving in the morning and looking for a good hearty meal to start the day. He bagel did the job even though it was missing something. Maybe because everything was pre made and just sitting on the skittle. Let's keep things fresh!I stopped into Spread today after hearing about it from friends.  I'm a proud Canadian new to Philly so I was excited to try their "Montreal" style bagels. Well needless to say, these are not Authentic Montreal style bagels. They were way too big, too mushy, and not hard the way I was expecting. One normally has to eat one right away because they get stale immediately. And honestly, these were way overpriced.  
However...They did taste good though! 
But $2 bucks for one bagel is ridonkulous.Nice bagels but $25 for 2 bagels and drinks is on the expensive side. Service was really rude...I have been coming to Spread since they opened. I would describe it as somewhat Montreal Style bagels with a lack of Montreal style service. Whenever I come in here, they are always out of a specific type of bagel. I can come in at 7:30 a.m. after my jog and I will be given a list of what they do and do not have. This happens on the weekend and weekdays as well. I have also been told to call ahead to place a bagel on hold...seriously. It's almost as if whomever is running this establishment wants to make the exact number of bagels that could be possibly sold for the day. No more. No less. Which goes against the Montreal style way of bagel making where bagels are easy to come by. And do you know what these places do with their left over bagels? They wrap them in cellophane bags and sell them to customers who want to grab and go. Genius. And, how about some labels on the bread basket so the cashiers don't have to look over to see what is left. I can do that myself. Lastly, this place needs a good cleaning. If you're not rushing out with your bagel or just sit and look around for a bit, you'll see what I mean.5 stars because when I think of going out for bagels on a Sun morning, this is where I think of going first. Their creations are dough-y and chewy, have a very different character than a perfect NY bagel (the exterior has a little smoky crustiness rather than that thickness of well-boiled chew), and are wonderful in their own way. The onion bits, and sesame and poppy seeds are flavorful. Love that they have great whitefish salad and that the salmon cream cheese actually tastes like salmon. The coffee is terrific. The few lunch sandwiches I've tried (I'm so glad to see the whitefish, the selections in Philly being what they are, that I rarely try anything else) had just the right amount of really fresh veggies. Service is friendly and the folks who work there look like they like their jobs.
Be prepared that bagels are $2/ea, and sandwiches approach $10. But you'll notice the two or three folks working the oven, and appreciate the effort it takes to make these fresh.The best bagel I have ever had!  The bagels are made fresh daily and they are supper soft and moist. I got a sesame seed bagel with cream cheese. The cream cheese is also amazing. Its made by a local Amish farm. Its very fluffy and doesn't  have an overpowering taste. I normally don't care for cream cheese, but I wish I could buy this stuff!I was visiting New Jersey for work and my friend recommended this place if I didn't mind hopping over the river. After checking out their Instagram, I got an uber as fast as I could. Totally worth the drive, no questions asked. I consider myself a bagel connoisseur and this place has the best everything bagel I have had in my life. The amount of seednyness on the top and bottom of the bagel is unreal. The outside is the perfect amount of crunch while the inside is warm and chewy. My only regret is that I only ate one. It's seriously a shame that this place is so far from California. 
Since I'm a nice friend, I picked up a few extra for my friend that recommended the place and brought them back to California. It took a lot of self restraint to not eat them on the plane ride home. 
I can't wait till I can travel to Philly again so I can pick up a dozen or so bagels.Absolutely delicious bagels.  Crispity crunchity on the outside, soft and chewy in the middle, hot and fresh.  There is just nothing about these rings of doughy heaven not to love!  Their cream cheese selection is terrific (the berry was shockingly good), and I cannot wait to get back and try a fresh breakfast sandwich.  So delicious, and the line moves quickly enough not to drive you crazy!  
Worth driving all the way across town for... but wow would I kill to have this place in Northern Liberties.
I also happen to love the accordion player sitting outside, but I am betting that if I lived upstairs the novelty of that would wear off quickly!That was not a bagel. That was a lovely wood burning oven baked circular loaf of bread. But not a bagel. Sorry.You will not find bagels this fresh and tasty anywhere in the city, trust me I've tried. The wood fire oven cooking gives the bagels a great texture, andthe bagels aren't like cardboard, so the outcome is one hell of a bagel.
Breakfast sandwiches come with thick bacon- not the cheap stuff you get from the likes of a Manhattan bagel or chain place. Only down side is you have to get here early, like earlier than 9 or else you can expect to wait in line and then wait some more for your bagel.Love the Classic. Nice thick locks, fresh onions! The OJ is fresh squeezed. Awesome brunch too! The line goes out the door! Super popular. So good!I've had Spread twice now -- once catered but cold (not their fault, we just ordered early) for a breakfast event for an organization I'm part of, and again in store. Both times were great -- the bagels were so soft, fresh, and fluffy! Probably the best bagels I've ever had! but not that much more remarkable than Bruegger's or anything else.
The time I went in, I didn't have an issue at all with the service, as they were quick and actually gave us more bagel than we had asked for! I also like that it's set up as a coffee shop so there's seating.My first experience with Montreal style bagels and it was a pretty good one. I loved the wood fired taste of the bagel. While I didn't think the texture was as good as some of the others I have had, the taste was great. It was a little to hard on its exterior, and that permeated throughout the whole whole bagel, never really getting that chewy texture that you look for in a good bagel. The prices were ok, not great, but not so much that I wouldn't return. 
The sandwich itself was pretty spot on though. The sesame bagel was on point and it had a delicious filling of ham, egg whites, cheese, onions, and spinach that all came together rather nicely. 
Overall it was pretty good, not the best, but a really different take on the bagel and bagel sandwich for that matter. I loved the wood fired taste of the bagel though. That was a nice change of pace from the traditional oven baked flavor. Ill definitely go back to check it out a bit more.Consistently good coffee and bagels.breakfast sandwich to split.  While in Philadelphia,  it's best to have lots of small portions so you can try all the great eateries in town...and don't forget the watering holes!
Wood fired ovens bake great thigs all around.Cannot say enough positive things about this place.  The regular lines out the door attest to the food quality.  The bagels are Montreal style and superb!  I have been multiple times and cannot help but order the classic breakfast sandwich every time- one of the best you will eat.  The sandwich has a good portion of eggs and meat of your choice so you are full after it.  I do need to force myself to try some of the other menus items as I am sure they are also stellar. They serve delicious coffee.
There is an option for BYOV for blood Mary's that I need to try in the future.  Seating inside is quaint, but a little tight.  Really this is a perk- why sit inside when you can enjoy the side walk seating or take a short stroll and enjoy your breakfast in Rittenhouse Square!Yes the prices are a bit high, but unlike many previous reviewers, I have the ability to read, so I read the menu and knew that before i ordered.  The food is very good, the staff is among the most friendly in philly, and the renovation looks great.  The very long weekend lines highlight two points: 1. the place is good 2. There's a big lack of places like it in the neighborhood. A great addition to rittenhouse west.
- also an expat New YorkerI've waited in some decent lines for bagels (H&H, Murray's, Tal) on Saturday mornings, but never have I waited SO long for a mediocre bagel - 30 mins. I partly think the long line is due to the lack of supply of bagels in this town, but perhaps it was because there was only one person preparing all the orders (aggressive). 
HOWEVER, there is a bright spot for Spread. I anticipate the line will be significantly shorter once Chestnut Street Philly Bagels opens in a few months.   
As for the bagel itself, yawn. Small, not crispy, not-so-montreal.Whole wheat everything?! The bagel gods have answered my prayers.
My go-to is the frittata scramble sammy on a whole wheat everything bagel. Eggs, chedda, bacon, tomato and amish jam~ salty and sweet for the win. I always order a side of plain cream cheese and reserve half of the bagel for dipping purposes. Best of both worlds. This sandwich is amazeballs BUT the bacon is never as satisfyingly crispy as I hope, even when I've requested this specifically. Oh well, still delish. 
They also do these fun half-bagel melts for a couple bucks. I've had the french toast melt and the gruyere/tomato melt. All da yumz.
These are by no means the cheapest bagels to be found in the city, but they are damn good. Lil babe of a place so it does get kinda crazy crowded. For this reason, I prefer to call ahead and take my sammy to go.Not worth the wait. The bagels definitely needed some salt. They didn't live up to the hype of this place. You can get better bagels at another local shop.This place is legitimately disgusting. The service is ridiculously slow, everything tastes like it was just slopped together with no care or even an attempt at making it nice, it's just plain bad.  This isn't busy weekend commentary, this is after a 15 minute wait on a slow Wednesday morning.
PS to whomever writes your menu - do you actually know what a fritatta is? Don't call something a fritatta scramble when you actually just mean a fried egg like every other option on your menu. Fried eggs are fine, but call them what they actually are...I think the people who work here are on sedatives. They couldn't move slower if they tried. Bagels are still good, but it's painful to wait 10 minutes for a bagel with some cream cheese.Everything in this place is so delicious! Went on a busy Saturday morning and waited in line for about 20ish minutes, but it was definitely worth the wait.Now I know why this place has a line out the door on the weekend.  Never had Montreal style bagels - they are wood fired so they have a smokey flavor and are a bit drier than their cousins.  I had the Ferrara scrambled with Amish jam.  Yumb!  lacolumbe coffee too.  It is piping hot.
Lunch menu looks great.  Very friendly staff and they will make any type of breakfast sandwich to order.  The waitress/cashier was very friendly and helpful.  Great attention to detail such as smoked rather than regular cheddar and Amish grape jelly jam which was sweet but had a delicate flavor.  The tomato on my sandwich was very flavorful and cut fresh.  Clearly the best bagel I have had in Philly so far.  The decor is fun and relaxed.   Everything including the counter staff is a little funky in a good way.  I love the skateboard on the wall that says "Jews kick ass!" 
Plenty of indoor and outdoor seating during the weekdays.  Clearly not enough for the weekends but this place is worth it whether you are standing up or sitting down.  Will definitely return.  You get a lot of food, so come hungry.  A little expensive, but you are next to Rittenhouse Square.  This is definitely worth a stop if you are near Rittenhouse.I love this place. They have great bagel spreads and real close to Rittenhouse square. The bagels are delicious and worth the sometimes longer than wanted wait. 
The coffee is just okay, nothing to brag about but it's not bad (La Colombe).
The atmosphere is cool, if you have a small party and are able to find a table.I tried the bagels from Spread on my way home from Philly, and I don't see what's so great about their bagels. It just tasted like a regular run-of-the-mill bagel to me, not particular awesome or memorable, but definitely overpriced.
Also, the orange juice here tasted a bit from concentrate-y rather than fresh squeezed.One of the best bagels in Philadelphia. However, in reality, the "Best bagel in Philadelphia" is still not that great compared to its New York rivals. All in all, it is the best 'begel' I have found in my 7 years living here so I will be back.The titular ingredient seemed to be lacking. Spread??? More like spread thin!! Came for a bagel and cream cheese; got a bagel and a drop of cream cheese.Love this place. Their bagel sandwiches are . Montreal style. They boil right there and cook in a wood fired oven. 
They have a smoked salmon spread that is cream cheese with chunks of lox in it. 
I'm partial to the sesame bagel with egg, spinach, and tomato. My roommate's go to is whole wheat everything with the salmon spread. Both are great.  The grilled veggies spread is creamy and flavorful. 
The cooks are very efficient and damn, do they flip a good egg. 
All you can drink coffee if you eat in.
Long line on weekends but they move quickly. They also accept credit cards.Had an everything bagel with egg and tomato. Delicious. The bagel was slightly crispy on the outside, soft and perfect on the inside. They know bagels here!This is missing that distinctive outer crust of a good New York bagel (guess life's softer in Montreal!), and overall it struck me as undistinguished except for the hype surrounding it. But my real problem with it is price: $3.24 for a bagel and butter? Seriously? Let's keep things in perspective: It's a small chunk of bread and 2 1/2 tbsp of grease. Not worth it at half the price, so taking a pass in future.$6 for a bagel and unlimited self-serve coffee. Montreal-style bagels: crunchy outside and warm soft inside. La Colombe coffee, though it tastes a bit watered down compared to the source.Love this place! Great morning breakfast spot. Yes, there is usually a line but worth the wait and I've never had a problem with seating. I love the fritatta scramble w/ tomato and amish jam - a nice unique breakfast sandwich.I ordered a half dozen whole wheat to go about a month ago. 
Came home and toasted one of wheat bagel and about after 3 bites, chewed on something strange... Spit it out and it was a cardboard piece! Really?? 
I called them as this was alarming and informed them what happened.
The woman/ lady who answered said first, that they never had this happened and later told me they will give me a free bagle if I come and inform them about it when I come back next time.
No thanks! No more cardboard bagel! 
I ate a lot of bagels in my life but this was first.Food is OK. Service awful. They forget who is in line, they let people skip. They see a line yet 3 ppl cannot take more than one persons order. Inefficient. Will never come back.I have wanted to try this place for a long time.  I made it there today and even though the wait is annoying, it is part of the charm.   I have been thinking about the bagel and whitefish salad I had.  The whitefish was very good, but the bagel was just fair.  I am not sure why the bagel was not a winner for me.  It was good, but the pop up bagel shop in my neighborhood has much better bagels.  Also, the iced coffee was so weak from the melting ice it was lousy.  I am not sure I will come back here.Well, after a few weeks of continuous patronage, despire my previous review, I am happy to report improvement at Spread.  Still some bumps in the road, but overall a great neighborhood place.  Everyone is friendlier and things happen at a speed I can deal with.Love this place for breakfast.  Coffee couldnt be better and the bagels are chewy and have great flavor.This is one of my favorite bagel places in Philly. The wood-oven, Montreal style bagels are flavored so well with the smokey flavor of the wood used to cook them. The entire restaurant has a great smokey smell from the wood-fired oven that's located at the front. They even have bundles of wood stacked up by the oven. The bagels are delicious and are the typical types you'd expect like poppyseed, everything, sesame, cinnamon raisin, garlic, etc. They have a big variety of sandwiches both for breakfast and lunch, I always get The Standard which is your choice of meat with egg/egg whites and cheese on your choice of bagel for around $7.50. It's a big sandwich and all delicious. They have a great selection of coffees too. There is quaint window seating at the front of the store and additional seating in the back.Uh. The first time I got a bagel here, it was SO difficult to get a bite. I thought that I bad luck and was given a stale bagel.  I gave the place a second change but again it was stale.  I guess that's what a Montreal bagel tastes like?? I'm from NYC so I guess my bagel standards are high but still...stale is stale.Egg white sandwich on an everything bagel. Tastes delicious. Amish butter and jam spread on a sesame bagel was like yummy dessert! Steady line out the door from 9-1045 but they move you through quickly. The cashier means well but didn't hold it together so great.. Loud and every customer didn't talk loud enough and she'd have to say to each person, I can't hear a thing you said. (Speaking in same volume as the customer) lol so maybe people would talk louder for her if she had started the conversation in that volume. But all around delicious bagels and nice area. They have la Columbe coffee and make flavor lattes. Great spot. Glad I stopped by.Philadelphia has needed a non-chain bagel place for years.  I've said it myself and thought of how I could open one.  I'm so glad you are here! Welcome!
Excellent bagel, great menu selection, a little pricey.  
Tip: Get your bagels in the morning - the times I've been there later in the day (3pm) the bagel freshness doesn't seem to last as well as it should.Amazing bagel sandwiches and coffee ! Worth the wait! We had the frittata scramble and the standard.Here opening day as well. Was looking forward to this opening for months, only to be disappointed. Don't get me wrong - I think the "Montreal-style" sesame bagel may have been one of the best bagels I've ever had - just as those in the know of Montreal bagels have suggested - good flavor, great texture, small, and just somehow better than the traditional NY bagel. 
BUT - Prices are OUTRAGEOUS. Woman ringing me up said $7 something, and I said, no that's not right, I just got a bagel and a coffee, and she said nope - that's right - $2 for a bagel, $3 ADDITIONAL for the butter/jam, and $2 for the coffee + tax. So truly over $7 for a bagel + coffee. With cream-cheese, would have been a dollar or two more!
Breakfast sandwiches are $8 (each, not for a pair). Whitefish and other "lunch" sandwiches are $11-$13.
So - crazy prices overall, and sadly, after waiting for months, I'm not in a position to frequent a place for a $7 bagel + coffee.
Finally (and this may just be opening day issues) - but the counter person (possibly wife of owner? or other family member) - was just not getting it -- looking back at the menu to check prices on each order she rung up (creating a line out the door) + also a little bit rude. This I'll cough up to opening day jitters (you'd hope on opening day, people would be friendly than usual, but not in this case). The guy making the bagels (owner), did seem friendly and overworked -- hopefully he'll be the front-man in the future.
In any case - great bagel, crazy prices. Rating reflects food, service, and in this case - the disappointingly and ridiculously expensive prices.Great bagels,  but the website says open til 6pm on Sundays.  The Door was locked and phone unanswered at 4:10. But... 'I'll be back'I stopped by Spread on Sunday while running errands and was somewhat under whelmed. It was definitely the wrong time to try the place as the line was out the door but I was craving a bagel so I waited. The line did move quickly which was nice. I also picked up a magazine to leaf through from their full rack  where the line was. 
I ordered an everything bagel with scallion cream cheese, tomato and onion. At $5 it was far from a steal. I also got a bottomless coffee. Perhaps it is because it was so busy but my sandwich did not come with the onion on it, which it took me a while to realize, so I guess that is my bad. I found the bagel hard to eat and thought the cream cheese was not at all flavor full. 
I was able to find a small open table next to the bathroom to sit down and relax while I waited for my bagel to be brought.  As I was leaving I realized I was at the only table that didn't have condiments on it. Perhaps some salt and pepper and hot sauce would have made my lunch more enjoyable but I much prefer the bagels I by at the co-op and make at home.
The coffee however, was great, especially since they offer simple syrup and soy milk.Lines out the door shows the demand. Montreal Style bagels are boiled then finished in a brick oven. Gives them a denser quality. 
Fantastic combos like the current special: Roasted Chicken Cheesesteak w/ spinach, truffled mushroom, grilled onions and provolone. Wow!The bagels are really good here if you like Montreal style bagels. That said, I'm not a big fan of the other food here. The smoked salmon was not all that good but the pastrami was decent.Lines for ordering and picking up our confusing. Young and inpatient attendants make it an unpleasant experience.This is my second time to Spread Bagelry and I already know it won't be my last. Every time I've walked by, there has been a line out the door and I can definitely see why. (Don't worry, the line moves quickly although I would estimate it's at least 15-20 min before you get your order.)
They make all the bagels right there in the restaurant and it's so fascinating to watch while you're waiting for your food. I got The Standard, which comes with your choice of bacon, turkey bacon, or sausage; egg or egg white; and cheese on any one of their bagels. Unf, it's delicious. The cheese is perfectly melted and I practically inhaled the whole thing. 
I will say it is pricey but you can't beat the freshness of the bagel or the taste. I recommend coming on a warm day and either sitting outside at one of their tables or taking it to-go to people watch at Rittenhouse Square!Ok, the bagels were good but it was a mad house. Don't bother ordering a breakfast sandwich or you will wait for an hour. The grill help is unfriendly and were taking their sweet time with everything despite the fact that the line was out the door. 
When we opened our sandwiches they were a mess! Just thrown together which made me not want to eat it. The egg whites were runny too. I had to take it off my sandwich. 
Big disappointment.I decided to try Spread one more time. I recently went back in on a Saturday morning. There was a line outside and I didn't mind waiting. Once inside I got the same treatment as the first time I went in. The staff is quite ignorant and rude! NEVER going back!Complete waste of money. Staff talked the whole time. Breakfast sandwich was small and cost 7 bucks. Never again.Nice bagels and friendly service. I thought I remembered Montreal style bagels being chewier, but I actually prefer these. Love that they offer whole wheat everything bagels (phenomenal with the lox cream cheese spread). Why should you have to choose between whole wheat and everything? Most bagel shops seam to think its ok, but to hell with most bagel shops!
All that being said, what is the deal with the egg and cheese sandwich with jelly? That was definitely a mistake on my part to order it, but it never should have been on the menu to pique my curiosity. Also, offering ham as an option on the breakfast sandwiches would be nice...Ok,
I waited a few weeks. Lines out the door.  But again  tried to get some bagels.  How can you be out of bagels and make people wait 30 min.  
limited menu, very disorganized, Bagels are good not great and as everyone said pricey but it is in Rittenhouse neighborhood but this place needs some management bigger space.  Will prob just get my bagels at Le Bus or Capagiro (H and H from NY)Wow. First of all, we did not know this was their opening day, but now that we know, it totally makes sense. 
Docked a star for a ridiculous wait. They were sooo slow. Waited fifteen minutes for just a sliced bagel, which was cold, even though we asked for it toasted, but believed the register lady when she said " are you sure you want it toasted, they are fresh from the oven?" They were not.  They were pulling bagels fresh from the oven, but those were not used for our order.  Another docked star for that and other semi rude remarks we witnessed from that same girl.  
When we did get the bagel, it was pretty good.  Though, not nearly as good as the ones we have tried in Montreal at one third the price.  Here, a bagel with scallion cream cheese is 5 bucks!
Overall they were VERY disorganized and should have trained their employees better.  I think we saw the owner ther, and he didn't seem very concerned with the lack of customer service skills his employees were demonstrating.  
If executed better at half cost would be 4 stars.
Oh, and Cates review is obviously fake.  Yelp will probably filter itIf the line out the door starting at 9 on weekends doesn't tell you how great this place is, then continue reading! I love bagels. I especially love these bagels. the montreal style bagel is slightly different than usual bagels, but I prefer them. The cream cheese is fresh and amazing. The owner is great. Sometimes they are slow and not very effecient, but I don't ever go here when I am in a rush.A friend recommended Spread to me (hi, Jon!) so on a Saturday morning when I had no breakfast plans, I decided to check it out. There was a line, but it wasn't unreasonable. 
I opted for a Standard, as I was in the mood for a classic bacon and egg whites - no cheese - on a sesame seed bagel. After a short wait, my bagel came out. I found a seat and poured myself some water. 
I loved the bagel and the bacon was amazing! The only thing I didn't absolutely love was the egg whites - I think is just a personal preference, but the bacon-to-egg white ratio was a little off, so I ended up discarding some of the egg white. In the end, I did enjoy my bagel, but next time I visit I'll probably opt for a different filling!Best bagel ever!  Awesome bagels that rival any NYC bagel joint!  They make the bagels on the premise and cook them in an old school pizza oven which makes them extra awesome.  All ingredients are fresh and delicious, especially their wide variety of cream cheeses.  The Nova Scotia Scrambled is a hit if you like bagel sandwiches.  The staff is always super friendly and helpful.  If you want a bagel or bagel sandwich, this is the spot in Philly!  BOOM!A little pricey when you add coffee, but great bagel sandwiches.  The bagels are toasted in a real wood fire oven!  This place is kind of off the beaten path, but worth the walk!I ordered the tuna melt and opted to add onion (a $1 surcharge) to go. When I got home there was no onion. Lack of attention to detail like this is frustrating, particularly because of the upcharge.I went back to spread today for breakfast and was a little disappointed. I ordered an iced coffee and the egg white sandwich (again), but 1) there were no egg whites and 2) they only had sesame, everything, and plain bagels. It was still a decent meal, but if you advertise something on your menu, you should have those ingredients available!Only come here if you have nowhere to be. The wait is at least 30 minutes for a bagel sandwich. The bagels are good, but not worth the wait. The sandwiches are overpriced and not particularly anything you couldn't do at home. My recommendation is to buy a bag of bagels to go, go to a deli and buy eggs and bacon, and make the sandwiches at home. You'll be done faster.Craziness ensues even at an off time on a Saturday afternoon.  But then again I suppose there is no "off time" on a lovely, brisk Saturday in January.  
For as crowded as it was in there, the staff kept their cool (not easy when standing right by a hot oven - hardy har har!). 
I went in determined to get a "lunch" sandwich but ended up getting a breakfast sandwich instead after watching a cook prepare eggs on the griddle. I took it to go since there wasn't much room to sit and in my 5 block walk home, it was still hot when I arrived ready to eat. 
My only complaint was that it needed salt and pepper.  This is pretty standard for a breakfast of eggs and cheese but I was surprised that it wasn't even a tad seasoned.  I guess they have to cater to those who don't care for it and leave the seasoning to the individual.  
I will definitely go back to get a lunch sammy and also to pick up a dozen the next time I am headed out to the family....it will be nice to introduce them to something other than their standard DD bagels. 
Again - props to the staff who were friendly and accommodating and made you not care about a little bit of a wait!Came here when they first opened years ago in Rittenhouse Square but had a chance to revisit when my friends and I were struggle busing after a long Friday evening. My friend had described their bagels as the 'best you'll ever have,' and I'm no connoisseur but I was certainly impressed by the quality of their sandwiches. I tried the Nova Scramble and Wood Oven Brisket, the latter which is my favorite and will definitely order again the next time I swing by.
I never ran into the line issue because I came past lunchtime around 1-2 but space and seating inside are indeed limited. Prices are on the expensive side as well, which can be justified based on the location and demographics surrounding the shop.Finally got to try the Montreal style bagels. While I didnt detect much smoke in the bread itself, the crisp crust of the bagel is unlike any bagel I have had before. I would be hesitant to toast these as they may in fact get too hard. 
Had a lox sandwich ... which was pretty standard with tomato onon and cream cheese. Lox portion was sufficient but not big. Flavor over all  was good.
Space is not that big, and lines can get long. Definite plus for philadelphia.Oh Spread.  You tempted me for 10 months with the promise of a bagel place moving in around the corner.  Every few weeks I would stop by, hoping that I could get a Montreal style bagel for the first time.  Alas, you waited too long and opened literally days before I moved.  Days.  I wish I was kidding.
And it lived up to the hype.  Those bagels, the cream cheese, everything was delicious, if a big expensive.  Before I left I think we visited two or three times, one of which was the morning of our move.  I had a sesame, which is my favorite regardless of the fact that it is the traditional topping of Montreal style bagels.  Just a bagel and cream cheese, but it was delicious.  I could taste the bit of honey that they boil the bagels in, definitely.  
So, my conclusion is, well, it's delicious.  But I was promised bagels around the corner!  Now I won't be able to appreciate the delicious new bagel place...I have been coming here for a while now and absolutely love this place. They make Montreal style bagels all by hand and in a wood fire oven right there behind the register. I always like places that let you watch the people cook. Everything is really fresh obviously since they bake right there. The bagels really are top notch here and I am not sure you can get better in the city. Just be prepared to pay for them because Spread is a bit pricy.
I have ordered most of the menu and my favorite is breakfast sandwich with the Amish jam. It's the absolute best. 
Spread itself is a small place a block west of Rittenhouse. When I say small it really only sits about 20 people and there isn't a lot of standing room either. It is a very nice little shop. 
Whatever they are doing right over there, keep doing it. I've been there plenty of time and will keep going back.This place has great house made bagels but just because they may be awesome bagels doesn't give the staff the right to have serious attitude problems. It never fails EVERY TIME I go in this place !! Spread bagels are way to expensive for your staff to  treat people  this way. To top it off maybe they should learn how to take phone orders as well , people are on the go, nobody has time for screw- ups!!I had to add a star for their wheat and wheat everything bagels as well as their Saturday entertainment (usually an accordian player).  It makes waiting in the line a lot more bearable. Also the owner is really cool and he will sometimes hand out hot, steamy, airy bagels free straight from the oven. That helps a lot too!This place is fine. I found the menu to be kind of limited. If you don't love meat and lox (and I really don't) this is NOT the place for you. 
My boyfriend has been absolutely raving about it since moving to this neighborhood so I decided to finally tag along and get breakfast there. 
The bagel itself was fine. Light, fresh, all things it is purported to be. I think next time I would just think of it as a snack and grab one with PB or jam instead of trying to get a sandwich. 
I had a hard time finding anything I wanted to eat from the options provided on their menu and ended up just making something up myself that I didn't enjoy that much. The girl behind the corner was all business, and not very helpful in trying to help me figure out my options- and it was not busy on a Thursday morning. 
Breakfast for two was $17 which is expensive for just bagel sandwiches. 
They do use beautiful tomatoes and whole eggs though, so points for that.Get the Club on sesame omgerrrrd sexy aF
oh and so was the lady who took my order. She had a smile on her face and couldn't be more accommodating.Beagles are great. Bit of a wait on weekend mornings. Try and get there before 10. They sometimes have a guy or two outside playing bluegrass or something, its a great touch. A tad pricy, but really good and it doesn't stop me from going, thats for sure.Use to come here to get the delicious pastrami they were shipping from NY. The bagels are good also. Lack of parking in area is a bit of a downer. The bagels are not cheap but they are worth it.I'm sorry. I like the bagels here (and unlimited La Colombe coffee), but the seating area in the back is just so dirty, I had to lower my rating. There's crumbs on almost every table (when not occupied), there were (literally) hundreds of seeds from bagels on the floor by the counter, and there were a bunch of flies (like more than when you sit down at Reading Terminal). I felt like the scene in the Walking Dead when Glenn was trapped under the dumpster with countless walkers surrounding him. Except I didn't have a dumpster, and the "walkers" (flies) were attacking my food.
 I won't be returning.What an amazing jewel in downtown philly. Ordered 4 trays of bagel sandwiches and in less than an hour all were gone. The coleslaw is amazing as well. The food was so fresh, pastrami and nova was off the charts delicious! Prompt,  efficient and perfect delivery service. Will definitely be using them again!Probably the best bagel I've had in Philly, and I've had a lot of bagels. Not a huge menu- but personally, I'd rather have someone make a few things well than a lot of things poorly. The atmosphere is great but it does get pretty crowded on weekends. The staff was friendly. Great shop!I've been walking by this place for months waiting for it to open and it finally has.  I just grabbed a whole wheat everything bagel to go with cream cheese.  The price is a little steep ($4), but this is a freshly baked bagel, so I think you get what you pay for.  The spices were on both sides of the bread which is nice, because a lot of places just put them on the top.  The texture of the bagel is great, crispy outside, soft inside.  I'm usually a Philadelphia cream cheese only person, but the local farm cream cheese is solid.
They are open all day, and have breakfast and lunch sandwiches.  I don't think I could eat here every day, but it will be a nice treat when I'm craving a good bagel.Like the other reviewers I was anxiously awaiting the opening a new bagel place near where I live.  Unfortunately, after going once I will never be back.
I walked in on opening day and was met with an air of annoyance and ambivalence.  After studying the menu for 90 seconds, seemingly bothering the counter person in the process (there was no one else waiting to order), I ordered a plain bagel and a coffee.  The woman seemed slightly shocked I would order a plain bagel, but after seeing that it was going to cost $2, there was no way I was going to add anything to it.
The bagel itself was fine, certainly better than something from Dunkin' Donuts, but no better than a bagel from a place like Panera, and in no way worth $2.  I really think the proprietors of this place have no idea how much food costs at other restaurants.
In the end a combination of meh service, average food, and insanely high prices make this place a major disappointment.  Here's hoping they change in the coming months, or are replaced by a better bagel store.Fresh tasty bagels...but more bready than chewy bagel-like :( 
And, expensive!! Nice ambience, goofy amusing service (unless you're in a hurry), good coffee.This is such a great bagel shop! The line was long but the bagels were delicious.  I tried a cinnamon raison and my bf got a frittata scramble which was also wonderful . 
I would definitely go back !I've been here three times over the past year, always getting a bagel with some sort of cream cheese.  I'm from New York and the bagels here rival most I've had there.  Fresh, soft, and chewy.  My only complaint about the quality is that it's not entirely consistent-- split two bagels during my last visit and one was slightly overbaked.  Slightly pricey and fairly slow service (because of the number of customers) but well worth it.Well worth the wait. In one of my favorite parts of the city I had one of my favorites, Lox bagel with cream cheese - Amazing! While I waited in line I grabbed an iced coffee from the little bakery across the street that was good too. I have found my new morning go-to combination.Service is soooo slow here. 30+ mins to get a bagel with cream cheese? 5 employees moving in slow motion is very frustrating to witness.Incredible fresh unique homemade bagels straight out of the oven!  Delicious interesting sandwiches.  Super friendly service.In a word, a clusterf-ck. At least last Sunday around 1pm. No line to order, paid, and then waited 30 MINUTES!!! - I kid you not for two to go sandwiches. The bottleneck was clearly with the cooks who seemed as if they were not experienced or efficient at all. To make matters worse, they started serving ppl who walked in 20 min after most of us waiting (1 sandwich as opposed to 2!), which is flat out UNACCEPTABLE. (Mgmt was basically non-existent which is also really bizarre.) Oh and truly lame was the fact that after I finally spoke up (we were all being way too polite), one of the cooks turned around and got an attitude with me - WHAT?! Dude, I do not sympathize with overly successful businesses. Get your act together! Figure out how to handle demand or notify customers in advance.After what seemed like the longest opening in history (I must have celebrated two birthdays while "coming soon" signs were up ), I predict a fairly quick closing (less than one more birthday for this consumer).  The whole notion of wood-fired ovens for bagels is a gimmick that does not produce a better-tasting bagel, just a slightly charred one.  Their bagels tend to be smashed and, frankly, on the smallish side.  My whole wheat bagel was too sweet as well. All of this might be pardoned since tastes do vary, but the price of one of these puny numbers is $2 per.  I was stunned that a plain, untoasted bagel could be so expensive these days, especially with plenty of competition in the area from Maxx's, Metropolitan, Manhattan, Le Bus and literally dozens of cafes and convenience stores selling as good if not better product a lower prices.  One visit did it for me and I would imagine the lack of repeat visits by other customers will be their death knell.  Overpriced and underwhelming.
Follow-up.  Don't buy a lottery ticket on my say-so.  This place has them lined up out the door on weekends which only goes to show I don't know much about what people want but I do know they are willing to overpay for it!!!!!!
Follow-up to the follow-up.  I passed by nearly two years later and thought I should go in and take a look.  I decided to take home some bagels on the chance I'd been mistaken in the past.  They were larger than I remembered, generous in fact, but still the most expensive in the city.  Two dollars a piece or ten dollars for half a dozen.  The results were somewhat doughy, under cooked (and I toasted mine well!!).  I guess I have given them enough chances.  That's OK.  They hardly need my custom.  Lines out the door are still the norm on weekends.C'mon,you could be a little more friendly- you just opened off Rittenhouse Square after many months of a sign in an empty store front.
We were waiting for you!!  Instead, y'all seem a little grumpy.
$2 bagel with $4 spread.   I need a little more lox to justify the $4 charge.
My friend ordered an $8 breakfast specialty sandwich.
When did bagels become haute cuisine?I've been searching for a good bagel in Philly.  This place is not it.  I stopped in this morning to grab a breakfast sandwich on a bagel.  When they directly me to the baskets holding about 5 different varieties, I was dismayed to see that they were all burnt.  I was assured that they could give me a "lighter one", so I ordered the sandwich.  The eggs were nicely cooked...fluffy and flavorful, and the bacon was nice and crispy.  However, the "light" bagel was still burnt.  When I bit into it, it even had that dark brown ring inside the black outside that you get when you keep something too long next to the flame.  I can imagine that with a little finesse, this cooking method could make some really interesting bagels, but whoever is doing the cooking does not know how to do it, resulting in a sandwich that tastes like charcoal.  Also, there were a couple of bites reminiscent of fish, which makes me think that the salmon must come into contact with the grill and that the grill doesn't get cleaned very well between orders.
Plus, they DO NOT recycle!!!!  I finished my orange juice before my order was done and asked where the recycle bin was.  I was told there wasn't one and to just throw it in the trash can.  Isn't recycling the law in Philly these days??I had meant to write this review four days ago - but the fire there this morning reminded me to do it.  ( I also hope that they take this opportunity to review some of the comments and emerge from the ashes a better bagel place!)
I live a block away and like most of the other posters have been awaiting the opening of Spread for a year. I envisioned morning walks to work to get coffee...become a regular...get to know the owners...all that dashed  on day one. 
I went in on Monday  - opening day 8:45am  - to get my first Montreal bagel. I was shocked at the chalkboard pricing. A bagel sandwich for $11? After complete chaos at the counter (no clear lines, rude staff, long wait) I ordered a bagel with farm fresh butter and jam.  $4 - which anywhere else would likely have also included coffee. 
I walked out with my bagel and couldn't resist opening the bag to take a bite on my way to the office - I nearly stopped in my tracks with disappointment. The bagel was on the smallish side - a little tough - cold - and had an unavoidable charred taste. Worse was that since it wasn't toasted or even warm the butter was in huge chunks of un-meltedness.  Waiting until I got to the office didn't make the bagel any better. 
While I hope no one was hurt this morning in the fire - and the 2nd and 3rd floor residents aren't displaced for long - I think this may provide owners with a chance to reevaluate the opening and the feedback from the neighborhood. 
I hope to give them a second chance in the future.OMG these are some sexy ass bagels!!!!!!!! they look so bougie i love it. 2 dollars for a bagel is fucking expensive though....... the line is DEFINITELY long but only pussies can't wait in linesBagels better than average but not like any I've had in Montreal. Not worth waiting out the long lines and wait.If there was no line, and I wasn't hungry...I would go back, maybe? Cute idea for a place, Montreal wood oven bagel concept= genius.
I was hungry, (really really hungry) when I stopped here on a Sunday around noon and the line was out the door. The line was moving but I soon realized it just meant that you paid quickly, then waited in the back. They ran out of all types of bagels except sesame and poppy seed (a bit surprising for a place that always seems to have a line). My recommendation (if I could only give you one): don't come here hungry...I was ready to gnaw my arm after waiting 20+ mins for 4 bagels. We ordered to go and unfortunately found out at the park that 2 out of the 4 weren't exactly what we ordered...we were given something else in place of the egg white bagel: our replacement came with cream cheese, tomato, and normal eggs...definitely not what we ordered. Such a shame since the chicken bagel was quite tasty (mmm turkey bacon)... our experience lacked here too though... we did not get the side (chips)...such a disappointment for a $10 bagel. Well, $9.95 but you know what I mean. It would have helped greatly if the bagels were labeled as we all had to guess who's bagel matched their order
The one other thing I would note is that the freshly squeezed orange juice is a gallon bottle bought from a company that manufactures  "freshly squeezed orange juice" (it does say this on the label). It does not taste like the ideal fresh squeezed you get when its done in house...and for $3.5 for a small glass, the price doesnt justify it.Spread makes a great bagel. Get there early on the weekends to avoid the lines. It is really neat how they boil the bagels right in front of you and then bake them in that big wood fired oven in the center of the store. It is a fun experience. Definitely not cheap, but I wouldn't expect a low price from an artisan baker. I am looking forward to the opening of their bakery across the street.I purposely came when I knew it wouldn't be busy. To be honest, I don't really understand the hype. The staff were very friendly and nice though. 
I got the wood oven tuna melt with gruyere and tomato. It was pretty good, but nothing special. Just your average tuna with no distinct taste or unique ingredients. Flavor was decent but tuna has much more potential.
I also got the pizza bagels that were sitting out (just some bagels with sauce and cheese slabbed on them). I ended up taking one bite, didn't like it, and threw the rest out.I've never had a better bagel in my life.  I frequent the bagelry on 20th Street.  Each time I am greeted warmly by staff.  The service is quick and the bagels are delicious.  I tend to keep it simple, ordering a plain bagel with cream cheese.  If you're dining in, the staff bring the bagels right to the table with accompanying slices of cucumber.  They also make great coffee here.I'm not sure what all the rave is about. I ordered a couple of bagels with the blueberry cream cheese and garlic vegetable, and the nova bagel sandwich. The cream cheese spreads were good and generously slabbed on. The freshness of the eggs and bacon on the nova was questionable, and quite messy to eat. In terms of service, I went at 8am on Saturday and though it was not crowded by any means, the lady messed up my order. She gave me the wrong type of bagel which I didn't find out until later since it was a to-go order. Overall, I was a bit disappointed and I'm not sure if it's worth another visit.This place makes INCREDIBLE breakfast sandwiches. My favorite is the tuna melt on an everything bagel! The best and worst thing though about Spread is that everything is made to order. This is great if you get here before 8am, but arrive much later, you'll be hanging out in a very long, slow moving line. Luckily, musicians frequently hang outside and play on the weekend provide, albeit limited, distraction.Very good bagels, okay line and okay wait time. But when I left this place, all I can remember are the flies in the back seating area and the cashier that really hate her job and incoming people (customers). Can't enjoy any good meal when there are flies around you.I stopped by this place on my way home from the gym. The bagel sandwiches people were eating outside looked delicious. I had no idea what Montreal style bagels were until I walked in. I was pleasantly surprised to see how they were made. I was happy to see they also had some healthier options. I picked the whole wheat everything bagel with veggie cream cheese. The cream cheese was slathered on a little thick, but no big deal, I could scrape off what I didn't want.  
There was a line out the door but it moved rather quickly. I wanted to give this place a 4 star, but I ordered my boyfriend a bagel sandwich with eggs and smoked salmon and could not find or taste any smoked salmon on it once he tried it. Slightly disappointed by that! The sandwiches were not cheap. I think for both our orders and an iced coffee, it was $22 bucks. That being said, I would go back and try another breakfast sandwich.BEST BAGELS EVER.
Only 4 stars because its usually a very long wait with people hovering everywhere once you finally snag a table.I just tried this place for the first time with friends in town visiting, and we ended up going twice! The line is usually really long, but the bagels are good and I really enjoyed the nova salmon cream cheese which has bits of salmon in it!Not sure why this place is so popular. Yes, it's a cool concept, I'll give them that. But other than that- it's all wrong.
The bagels taste horrible. The amount of time it takes to order is unreal, it took over 30 minutes for me to order. There were only about 7 people ahead of me. Lastly, the prices are just out of control. Extremely overpriced for a bagel.
I want to reiterate that their bagels don't even taste good.This is a great neighborhood bagel place. I avoid it like the plague on weekends when the line is out the door, but it's usually pretty empty early week day mornings. The staff has always been pleasant and my bagel is ready quickly. I'm a creature of habit, so I usually stick to the cinnamon raisin bagel toasted with cream cheese.These bagels are phenomenal! The water and the wood fire give these bagels a wonderfully distinct flavor.  I've kick myself for only bring back a dozen!  Larry and Mark...you need to design a tote to carry them on a plane....to LA....I too have been eagerly awaiting the opening of Spread.  I am THRILLED to finally have a solution to the problem that is the overwhelming dearth of quick breakfast food options in center city.
I love the interior.  It is also a lovely place to sit an enjoy your breakfast, not just take something to go.  
I got an everything bagel with cream cheese.  I thought it was delicious.  I will say, the coffee was not my favorite, this has some room for improvement.
Contrary to the other reviews, I thought the staff was lovely.  (I also don't think the pricing is outrageous; when I go to manhattan bagel I spend the same amount, and lets be honest, who really wants to go to manhattan bagel). I will definitely be returning!I've got to say it, this is not a bagel. Perhaps this is a bagel in Canada in the same way that a boot is a trunk in England. But here in America a boot is a shoe and the baked good sold at Spread is bread with a hole in the middle.
With that rant out of the way, I will say that it is a pretty good piece of bread. My everything Canadian bagel was warm and had a nice crunch to it. I had the vegetable cream cheese, which had nice big chunks of carrot and celery in it. It was a nice afternoon snack, but set me back $5. This is about a $2 too much to pay for what I got. As for the bagels being "handcrafted"--whatever that means--the things is still just some flour and yeast. But I must add, the place has a very cute storefront and a great seating area.I have no idea what a Montreal style bagel is but the everything bagel with cream cheese is absolutely incredible. That's all I get but recommend that everyone try it. It's delicious. 
I agree with others that it's pricey. Bagel + coffee/tea ends up being $5. Which is more than i'd like to pay for a neighborhood place. I wish they had a frequent buyer card and gave discounts for bringing your own coffee mug. 
Originally gave this place 4 stars but reduced it to 3 because three times now I keep asking for an everything bagel but end up with whole wheat everything- huge difference and not in a good way.Good bagel but very expensive. It was a good treat but I can't afford it on a daily basis.Do you like Montreal style bagels more than New York style bagels?  I def do and if you do as well, you're in luck in Philadelphia because of Spread Bagelry.  This very attractive café is justifiably building up a following for its Montreal bagels.  Montreal bagels are smaller, sweeter, and def less doughy than New York bagels.  They are always baked in a wood burning oven.  Of course there are other items offered up here for those wanting breakfast, lunch, or brunch.  But the reason that Spread Bagelry is a destination beyond its immediate neighborhood is because of their tasty Montreal bagels.  Try them!The bagels are good -- they have crunch and also chew and a sweetness from the honey -- too much sweetness for me, and also too much sweet aftertaste, but your mileage may vary.  
On the downside, they seemed shocked and baffled by the idea that I  would walk in and get a bagel.  The relentless (bordering on brusque and rude) upselling is hard to take from a bagel store, and $2 is a lot to pay for a bagel.  Larger issue is that they need to figure out if they want to brand/define themselves as a neighborhood bagel place or a neighborhood restaurant/hangout/coffee shop/brunch place.  Why is there a woman outside handing out "menus" when they're basically a bagel store??  The branding and identity are confusing.I have heard so much about this place with their lines out the door and Montreal style bagel. I have never tried a Montreal-style bagel. So here's the 411...drier on the outside, wood-fired, and that soft but heavy textured bread. I love the unique flavors of the bagels. Personally, I got the bagel with cranberry and Amish farm cream cheese. Yes, it was $3.78 and that's the cheapest thing on the menu. But I would pay a $1 more for this scrumptous bagel versus the Dunkin Donuts factory produced any day of the week. No offense to DD.
Would I come back? For sure! For the bagels and people watching on Locust near Rittenhouse Square. Yes, it lives up to the hype. Best Bagel in Philadelphia...so far :)Incredibly good bagels! Wish they had more options of bagels but I'm still a happy customer. They give plenty of cream cheese! Love this place!Spread is like a pretty blonde. They have an attractive product and pretty assests so you overlook the obvious flaws. The bagels are pretty good, the idea of woodfiring them isnt new but it is to philadelphia. The thing is they have about 15 people work there on weekend mornings and yet they still cant keep up with the flow. Twice I have waited 20-25 minutes for a bagel to go, nothing special just some cream cheese. There were only 6 people in front of me. That is obscene. And who pays a dollar for jam, and a dollar for butter. 4 dollars for a bagel with the bare essentials? 
The owner hangs out and makes small talk which can be nice but its just a bagel. I mean if youre vetri or garces fine, come talk to us. And if you want to elicit feedback on how the operation is going and if your costumers are satisfied even better. But I dont want to hear how Philly needed a bagel place so bad and it was so obvious to set this up. This isnt delivering medicine to the third world. 
There is potential, but as it stands this place is not taking feedback seriouslySolid bagels. Spread Bagelry is always busy (on weekdays, weekends, for breakfast, even lunch), and I get why. I find Spread's bagels to be similar to those I had in Montreal, with that slightly denser texture and wood-fired taste. After a year away from Philly, I visited Spread late on a weekday morning on my way out of town and found it to be as tasty as always.
Bagel prices range from $3.50 for the basic bagel with cream cheese to $12 for a sizable pastrami bagel sandwich. I'm a fan of the nova scramble (scrambled egg and smoked salmon cream cheese for $8.50) and the Greek bagel sandwich special (salmon, tzatziki sauce, and red onion for ~$11), and my sister almost always goes for the standard (scrambled eggs, bacon, and cheese for $7). Spread's prices, though a bit high, are in line with other bagel places in Center City, and for me, their bagel sandwiches so filling, I can usually stretch them over breakfast and lunch.
There are some tables at in the front window and at the back of the place, but as seats are hard to come by, I usually get bagels to go. Because the place is so busy, the most popular bagel flavors (sesame apparently) often run out on the weekends, but on the flip side, the bagels are always super fresh. Service is not particularly friendly - just make sure you know what you're ordering before you get to the front of the line and you'll be fine. The ordering line moves pretty fast, but after that, prep time for each order does take another 15+ minutes.
I never felt like I had to write a review for Spread because they always have lines out the door, but their 3.5 star rating on Yelp surprised me. If you like bagels, can accept that Spread's bagels are Montreal-style, not New York-style, and are willing to wait a bit, I'd recommend stopping by Spread Bagelry for some toothsome, loaded bagel sandwiches.
P.S. If you go on the weekend, be prepared to be regaled by live accordion music while you stand in line.Service gets worse every time I go there. The staff always behaves as if they're recovering from a sophomore-year-grade evening of binge drinking and are just barely able to manage orders as they come.In terms of bagels in Philly this is probably the closest thing your going to find to a decent bagel in Center City.  And by closest I mean they aren't traditional bagels. they're more like high end bread in the shape of a ring.  They're just baked sans boiling so no hard dreamy exterior to bite into. 
If your office does breakfast Fridays and you want to show everyone what's up I suggest coming here. 
The bagels are pulled straight from a wood fired oven and are soft and deliciously fresh. 
I was a bit shocked when I was told my egg and cheese sandwich would be roughly $7 when at no point living in manhattan did I ever pay more that $5 for such a sandwich. 
A note on their coffee it is La Colombe so that's a plus but they don't brew it as strong and rich as La Colombe so that's not a plus. 
Daily bagel ritual probably not; it's more of a treat yourself to a boutique bagel once it a while, sure why not.i go here quite often and i do think the bagels are pretty good (love the club).  but honestly, its the slowest bagel shop EVER.  20 minutes for a bagel is unheard of and is so infuriating every time i'm waiting in line.  it could easily be fixed by having more than 1 person making the orders.  literally every other bagel place i've been to runs more efficiently than this one.  i imagine most of their success is due to the lack of bagel shops in this city, but if another one opens up that doesn't have long waits then i assume they will lose customers.Every day for the past many months, I've sat on my front steps with my dog and stared longingly at Spread Bagelry and the slooooooooow construction process.  Today it finally opened!!
Typical "spread" of Montreal-style bagels, homemade cream cheeses, bagel sandwiches, La Columbe coffee, and the like.  They have bagel melts of the day - today was tomato and gruyere, which it looked good but I opted for a whole wheat bagel with veggie cream cheese and a coffee to go.  
The slightly sweet bagel was a touch crispy on the outside with a soft, chewy inside.  Homemade veggie cream cheese had celery, onions, tomatoes and maybe some other unidentifiable veggies mixed in.  Mmmm so good!
The only issue I have with Spread is that it's expensive, even for Rittenhouse.  $5 for a bagel with cream cheese??  Give me a break.  At least the coffee is decently priced at $2.  The boyfriend got 8 bagels for his office, and apparently they don't have tub-sized cream cheeses yet... so he had to pay PER cream cheese.  $39 later, he was NOT happy.
I will be back, but only if I'm feeling spendy!The first time I went here I had an amazing experience; I had large bagels stuffed with cream cheese, check out the picture! I had a plain bagel with the veggie spread and another plain with the berry spread. Both were equally delicious. The bagels were crunchy on the outside, chewy on the inside. 
The next time we came, we had the same thing plus a bagel sandwich with lox and another plain with green onion spread. Boy, they're not joking with the green onion, a little strong for me. I also tried their half bagel with the tomato slice and cheese on top, not worth it- lacked flavor. So we enjoyed ourselves so much, we ordered some bagels to go...except when we got home, we had scrawny rings. Pitiful rings. These were *not* the same thing. I was disappointed and felt ripped off. I'm hoping it was just a bad batch because I will go again....I just hope they are as glorious as the before. 
I gave it 4 stars because of the scrawny to-go bagels and the fact that they cook their turkey and pork on the same tiny grill and when asked if they would mind making an exception by cleaning a tiny section to make something follow religious guidelines (for me) they were hesitant. So be it, it's their business, I just won't be ordering anything that needs to be grilled. I will be back for the veggie and berry spread though!Nearly there, but not quite.
As a Montreal gal, born and raised, I was thrilled, overjoyed at the prospect of having a Montreal Bagel place right here in Philly.  First poutine, now bagels... what's next? Montreal style smoked meat? One could only hope.
Anyhoo.  A true Montreal Style bagel is traditionally served with sesame seed (or poppy) so when I ordered a Montreal bagel I was told "They all were".  Mistake #1.
Next came the official tasting - the bagels were almost on point, the slight sweetness, and the consistency, almost there - but still the bagels themselves proved to be a bit too thick and the shape of the actual bagels not right .  In all, the total flavor profile? It fell a bit short.  Not bad, but not what I missed from the old country.
Lastly, the price tag!  Sweet mary and joseph- is this place expensive!  For two sandwiches and drinks - the total is nearly $30? A wee bit too rich for my blood.
Place is tiny, not much room to eat in, and no ice is offered with the bevvies, what gives?  Service is pleasant, but not entirely helpful.
All and all: a nice detour from the regular world of bagels, good stop for brunch, and a nice little insight (albeit a little inaccurate) into what Montreal bagels have got to offer.Favorite bagel spot in town. The standard with cream cheese on everything bagel is my go to. Great for breakfast on a week day. 
Definitely not a weekend brunch spot, especially if you're in a group more than three. The space is cramped and always crowded. Expect 30 mins wait in line and 10-15 mins food prep on the weekends.The wood fire made for a crispy crust, with a soft center. Far and away the best bagel my girlfriend and I have ever had. We are very impressed!This bagel hit the spot, perfect on a Sunday morning. I had never had a Montreal-style bagel before, but as described in other yelp reviews, it is more dense. It also seemed a bit sweeter. 
I ordered the bagel with salmon, onion and chive cream cheese. The restaurant gives you a generous portion and you definitely feel full afterward. The sandwich also came with a mini cucumber/tomato salad -- I think it was tossed with dill. It also seemed a bit sweet. 
Would definitely recommend coming here's. There's usually a line, but it moves fast. There's outdoor seating as well as tables/chairs in the back.Love this place! They have great bagels, & bagel sandwiches! Get there early to avoid a long line! Best bagels in center city by far!Listen I love Spread. I've been going since I moved into the neighborhood five years ago. And like any business sometimes there are issues but the employees always resolve them. Not today. 
I showed up right after 7, when the open, and the door is locked. Feeling dumb I double checked the website on my phone. It says 7am. So I knock. Neither of the 2 employees inside looks up. 
I waited for ten minutes during which no fewer than FIVE other customers were turned away. I'm disappointed. I didn't realize business hours were a suggestion.This is a cute, homey little bagel shop.  They have chocolate chip bagels which are very good, they're hard to find!  I had one toasted with cream cheese which was good but I think it should have been warmer and more toasted.  I think $5 and change for a regular sized bottle of Poland Spring and a toasted bagel with cream cheese is fair but the bottle of water could be a little bigger.  Still, I will come back.  They're next to Lee's Hardware and just off of the square.Wood fires bagels?
Yes PLEASE!!!
Best bagels in Philly. Period.
Nice employees working there as well.
Stellar!Amazing place for breakfast or just having a coffee with any style of bagels. Love it!Best bagel I've had in Philly. The only other time I have eaten a bagel this good was at St Viateur Bagel Shop in Montreal. I love that they are so generous with the cream cheese! 
The line outside was long but it was worth the wait!Long lines for bagels.  had to try it out.  not sure I understand why montreal style bagels are so different.  i thought the bagels were fine - not bad and not spectacular.  would go there if there wasn't a line.Never had a Montreal style bagel so I can't say its authentic, but I can say that it was delicious- if I'd live in the city I would be a regular. My husband had a breakfast sandwich (the standard?). I had cinnamon raisin bagel w/pumpkin cream cheese that was perfect. The coffee is strong & the staff very friendly. Tiny place makes full use of its space & busy with lots of locals.These are Montreal style bagels, rather than the more common, in these parts, Manhattan. Each is equally authentic, following an Eastern European recipe, just from different parts of Poland. Montreals are boiled in water with a touch of honey, giving them a bit of sweetness. I find the texture chewier than Manhattans.  I accept that as between the two style's one's preference is ultimately subjective. So in my subjective opinion, these are the best bagels I've ever had. As others have noted, there is a reason the line often extends down the block.I'm a New York bagel purist. These didn't come close to what I was hoping for, but definitely the best bagel I've had in Philly. While the bagel wasn't chewy enough for my taste, it was still good! The egg on the breakfast sandwich came omelette style, which was a surprise as I would've preferred the standard over-medium! I wish they had pork roll, we are in Philly after all...Probably one of the few decent bagel shops in Philly, this small but cozy bagel shop just off Rittenhouse serves up Montreal-style bagels and delicious coffee to a young and friendly clientele.  Aside from serving the usuals (bagels with cream cheese, bagels with lox), they also offer a terrific array of bagel sandwiches for breakfast and lunch.  I recently had the Nova Scramble (smoked salmon cream cheese, scrambled eggs, tomato, onion) on an Everything Bagel which was out of this world.  And, they play fun music too.
My one complaint is that it's probably a tad pricey for bagels ($2 for a bagel?), but I suppose that's what you get for going to such a kick-ass bagel shop.  Overall, great neighborhood gem and I'm excited to become a regular customer.Okay, so this place came highly recommended both by my brother and the "Ginormous food" show on Food network, and Spread did not disappoint one bit. 
Got here around 10.30ish on a Sunday morning and the line was of course out through the door, but it moved very quickly. This was my first time eating a Montreal style bagel, and for those of you who don't know what that is (I didn't either until I saw the show on Food network), the bagel dough is boiled in honey water and baked in a wood fire oven, thereby giving it a sweeter taste!
I tried an everything bagel with the Amish farm cream cheese spread, an everything bagel with mixed berry cream cheese spread, and the everything bagel with tomato and gruyere!! My favorite was the bagel with mixed berry cream cheese, and what I loved most was they are really generous with their spread on the bagel !!
Spread is definitely doing things right, and I'm very jealous of the locals who get to eat here often!!The best part of this bagel shop is the atmosphere. It is in Rittenhouse Square and it's definitely a quaint Philly neighborhood. The shop is very small and we saw a line coming out of the door and we almost left. The owner popped out and told us to wait because service is very fast. I told him we were from B'more and he said he was going to give us a treat. In a flash he came out with a steaming hot everything bagel in a piece of white tissue paper. This hot and holy roll was too hot to handle and when I broke it open steam came out. I tasted it and it was very  good because it was fresh out of the wood fired oven. However, I thought it tasted more like a seeded bagel than an everything bagel. We made it to the counter where we were asked what we wanted to drink and first ordered our beverages. One of my party took two tables that were open - by the window and in back of the door. This is what I call tight space. The whole place has three tables for two up front,  six larger tables in the back and five tables outside where people with dogs were eating brunch.
Next we ordered our  bagelwiches. There were two turkeys and one hot brisket sandwich on various bagels (onion, plain and poppy). To Spread's credit , the turkey was homemade and so was the brisket. However, the portion controller must have a strict limit on the amount of protein that is placed on each bagel. I ran out of turkey as I was on the second half of my bagel and discarded the bread as it was just bagel and no protein. The brisket was very tasty and warm but the fat was not trimmed and it too was a very skimpy portion. The three bagelwiches with beverages, tax and a tip were $40. I could not believe this - even in NYC - you get huge portions not an air bagel with chips in a wicker basket for $$$.
I decided to buy six bagels to take home to B'more. I've eaten the cinnamon raisin bagel toasted as well as reheated in the oven. The oven is better as these bagels are somewhat doughy and the toaster does not heat them properly. Six bagels were $7.  I think I will let them air dry and string them on a necklace as they are too expensive to eat. They are also too heavy to wear. So I guess I'll end up eating them slowly to enjoy the most expensive bagels on the east coast.
Would I return? Yes but I would order a bagel with a specialty cream cheese and a coffee. The portions are do not match the hefty prices they charge. Stick to the bagel basics.I was conflicted.  My girlfriend's parents from Montreal were in town and I thought I should take them to Spread - get them a taste of home.  I then thought, wait a minute, if I was in Montreal, I would have no interest in getting a cheesesteak. A friend from work had the opposite opinion - "I'd want to see what Canadians did to a cheesesteak."
I've been to Montreal many times and have had many Montreal bagels. Spread's bagels seemed to be a hybrid of Montreal and NY style bagels (a little puffier than the typical very thin sweet Montreal bagels), but this is by no means a negative.  For me it was a great combination of the two - I think Montreal bagels are too thin and NY bagels too puffy.  
The Montrealers agreed.  They did ask the owner about the thickness of the bagels and he claimed that due to the heat and humidity they couldn't prevent the yeast from doing its thing.  I will have no problem if this issue persists.  
We all got bagel sandwiches with lox or whitefish.  They were big sandwiches with very good fish. I will be returning.Okay, Spread. Here's the thing. Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me.
I visited during the initial opening and was surprised, as many of the other reviews go on to detail, to find slim pickins and a less-than-friendly staff. Seriously, we were shelling out close to $25 for two bagel sandwiches and were treated like a nuisance. 
Went again today after the grand reopening. Prices were lowered, which was nice to see, and everyone was so FRIENDLY. Smiling! Engaging! Asking people if they liked their food! Perhaps the owners have Yelp accounts? The menu's changed a little bit, too. The nova cream cheese sandwich has been upgraded to a nova AND cream cheese sandwich. Bagels with cream cheese are now $3 as opposed to $2 for the bagel and $2 for the spread. My nova sandwich had a TON of salmon on it, but... it still wasn't the most delicious thing I've ever tasted. The tuna melt was much yummier, and the halves were melted & wrapped separately, which maximized said yumminess. 
The wait for the sandwiches was the straw that broke this camel's back. I've been to bagel joints with less staff and a GIANT menu that delivered quality results at a fraction of the time. They were also out of everything except everything bagels in the middle of a Saturday afternoon. Maybe we were tailing the rush? Maybe they were playing catch-up? 
Either way, two times is enough for me and Spread. I appreciate the work that's been put into improvements during the downtime, but it seems like Spread isn't my cup of tea.Not sure how this place has only 3 stars. I got a plain bagel with Amish cream cheese AND Amish jam. UNREAL!!! One of the most delicious things I've ever tasted.We walked in and were greeted by a messy dissheveled cashier who after giving us the up and down look, bluntly asked if we were ready to order. We ordered "the standard" with egg whites, light cheese and turkey bacon on toasted bagels. The bagels were dry, and by dry I mean flour coating your lips as you took a bite. Not what i'd expect from any bagel. The bread was very doughy definitely a difference between a regular bagel. If you want a dry, doughy piece of bread with Trader Joe's turkey bacon, make it at home with Thomas' and you're guaranteed a better experience. And this wasn't a cheap breakfast either. For two bagel sandwiches and drinks we paid close to $20. Personally, I prefer breakfast with a lot less attitude. I have no intention of returning and will be sure to SPREAD the word.Outstanding! Came all the way from California just to have a Montreal style bagel. Loved to texture of the bagel. We had the whitefish on an everything bagel - delicious. Can't wait for my next trip to Philly.Really awesome Montreal style bagels. 
Really instagrammable display case. 
Great service if you don't come at busy hours.
Heavenly cream cheese.
Cute seating.
Great location.
On the other hand, if they are slammed, the service is way way too slow and they make your meal subpar. So I highly recommend going off hours.
When you have food this good nearby, you need to get over the hurdles and figure out how to eat it.
Horrendously under-reviewed on Yelp. 
These bagels fresh are heaven. They are their own style and a great one.Very surprised as to how GOOD the bagels are here! Came in for a late lunch, but really wanting a breakfast sandwich. By the time we made it in they only had plain bagels, which was kind of a bummer, but we were so late so more our fault than theirs really. 
Got the "Standard" breakfast sandwich and WOW was the bagel good! Light, fluffy and super good along with the crispy bacon, egg & cheese. The service was super quick and there was plenty of space for us to sit and eat. They serve La Colombe coffee. I just got a regular coffee with my sandwich so can't speak to their barista skills. 
Considering their location in Rittenhouse the price was very reasonable. Also, the music they were playing was on POINT! Overall, great experience. Will definitely be back.To cure or not to cure is the question. It's definitely to cure!  The cure breakfast sandwich is one of my all time favorites that I had ever had. It's brisket with sriracha cheese, bacon and I added the fried egg option on a delicious bagel. It's a must try on Rittenhouse Square. Walk over to 20th street and enjoy the outdoor seating with the wonderful management that is quite attentive to their customers needs!The bagels are the best in the city! The coffee is La Colombe- again the best in the city. Beware of the long lines on the weekend, be prepared to wait. Only negative is not much of a beverage selection.With the bagel options in philly. This over priced bagel shop, is not only nothing like Montreal bagels but simply close to a terrible bagel the few times I went. Luckily with 3 new bagel places in philly just this past year you won't have to go too far to get your fix.Can't beat a hot bagel on a Sunday morning! Warm cozy atmosphere, with the brick oven, beautiful space. We went yesterday morning and this morning, both times a line out the door, but it goes fast. Had the standard breakfast sandwich, on a hot everything bagel, out of this world!I heart bagels.
Yes, I've had New York bagels. And no, these aren't those. Yes, I've had Montreal bagels. And no, these aren't quite those, either.
But these are huge, warm, toasty, and satisfying.  The homemade cream cheeses are amazing. And they brew La Colombe.
The wait isn't awesome, but it wasn't as bad as expected (20 minutes on a beautiful sunny Saturday). That's probably the only thing that wasn't great about this place.
I heart Spread.I found bagel heaven ..bagels are crunchy outside soft and chewy inside & very hearty and just the right amount of sweetness .
Great selection and staff was very friendly and very reasonable prices .
Manager was especially kind and helpful,I would totally recommend for any breakfast, lunch & brunchThe food is really good. Montreal style bagels FYI, NYC snobs. Look; I lived in New York and grew up on H&H. These bagels are differently made. Get over it. 
That's the good news. You'll notice the two stars which indicates that something is horribly wrong with a place if the food is good. I'm not as hung up on the price as others are here. You can go down the street and buy a three-day old piece of bread with a block of cream cheese on it for $2.50 if you really want. It's the wait. Wow do these guys need a systems design manager to come in and figure out a way to let the customers flow through. Increase counter size for making more sandwiches at one time, to start. Yikes is it slow, and no one should have to wait 20 minutes to get a bagel with cc. They've had their heads up their tuchus for a while with this, so I wouldn't expect it to change anytime soon.I usually don't care about bagels, but these were so good I came 2 days in a row.  The bagels are sweet with a hint brick oven smokiness. LOVED the lox with whitefish bagel sandwich on a whole wheat everything bagel.  Staff was friendly and it didn't seem too expensive.  When I came on Sunday at 10AM the line was out the door...while on Sat at 1PM there was no line.Know that Spread is expensive going in. Also know that the quality justifies the cost.
If you order a bagel with a spread, you are going to pay a healthy price.
So don't do that. Just order the bagels ($2 each, $18 for a dozen which at this level of quality I contend is worth it) take them home and apply Earth Balance or vegan cream cheese yourself.
The reason I am so high on Spread is the quality. They boil the bagels (the only correct way to do it) and then they bake them in a wood fired brick oven. Our wonderful community manager Michelle C remarked that it smells like a campfire in Spread. I did not quite get the camp fire scent but the quality is in the product.
I have had the onion and the whole wheat thus far. I love the bagels' irregular shape. And know that when I walk in the door with an onion bagel it takes seconds for my wife to insist we toast that bad boy and devour it.
As I buy just bagels the cost is not a huge issue for me. A bigger issue for me is the lack of flavor varieties. Their bagel line-up is pretty simple. Then again, by doing so few flavors they focus on quality and that is borne out by the taste.Been a few times there now and pretty consistently have the same opinion. Place is cute. Ingredients are fresh and tasty. I love a crunchy toasted bagel and I understand it's designed to simply be a vessel to carry the food but it doesn't quite carry it, in fact my everything bagel was quite bland. Service was great. Their choice of coffee is questionable. Location is screaming for some good food joints and certainly needs something like this. Price is def a little on the higher side but so is rent so I can appreciate the need to elevate the rates.A solid bagel and good bagel sandwich.  The egg white sandwiches with turkey bacon are great and they certainly don't skimp on the toppings (including the lox).  With that said, the price for bagels is extraordinarily high.Good.... but not sure it's entirely worth the long lines and high prices. I ordered a bagel sandwich and the turkey was quite dry. The bagels themselves are good, but be prepared to wait...... My iced latte was very good, but I finished it by the time my sandwich was ready to pick up. :/Excellent bagel and lox!!!  Expect a crowd, definitely worth the wait...
Sandwiches, breakfast.... anything you want w a bagelI buy bagels for work from here.  The taste is great.  The wood fire oven creates a crisp bagel that is delicious.  If you create a wheat everything with salt, onion and garlic I might have to stop by every day.   Keep it up.  I have bought from over 12 bagel places in the past 5 years and this is in the top 2.The classic nova salmon is DELICIOUS. Coffee is good too!The bagels are done in a Montreal style so they were bready and don't have the chew of NY style bagels. But instead of being smaller like in Montreal, these are the size of NY ones, so just big, bready bagels. They are fine, but not great.After visiting this place more frequently over the last year I figured I owed it an updated review. The consistently they struggled with before seems to have dissipated. Everyone once in a while I get a sad skinny bagel but it's few and far between. People should note this is not your traditional nyc bagel! It doesn't try or pretend to be, it's a different kind of flavor (Montreal wood fire baked!) which some people just don't like. I personally love it- thick, kind of chewy and has a sweetness to it. Their breakfast sandwiches are pretty tasty. Sure it is pricey...but what isn't anymore?? 
On a side note...I just noticed they started having pizza from time to time and it's actually pretty amazing!Spread is quickly becoming one of my favorite places to eat in the city.  The other people who reviewed Spread negatively may have just experienced the growing pains of a newly established business.  These flaws are to be expected with a new business -- but the spread staff is really overcoming these growing pains and creating one of best places to visit in the city.
Here's my take on some of the negatives mentioned:
Do not let the long line deter you from waiting - It moves quickly and the bagels are worth the wait. 
The staff is extremely friendly and will always go out of their way to make you feel welcomed and make sure you're satisfied. If you're not, talk to them about it.
Their menu may be a bit more expensive than their competitors, but the food is worth it!!! The food is fresh and the LaColombe coffee is bottomless.
The environment is warm and welcoming. They offer free Internet, a good selection of music, outdoor entertainment, and there are always available seats to dine.
If you had a negative first experience, give it a second chance!Coming from NYC, it's been pretty rough trying to find a bagel shop we like.  These Montreal style bagels were not to my liking.  They looked really good, but then you bite into it and it has this sweetness I didn't expect because I didn't know the style.  Okay fine that is my palette, but this is not the reason why we gave it a 2.  
The service is horrible and the prices are pretty high for a breakfast sandwich.    We even gave it a second shot and it sucked.  The second and last time we got to the shop about 5 mins before they were going to open, so we hung outside by the tables.  When 7 am rolled around, the girl just stared at me, unlocked the door and walked away.  I looked at my BF and just assumed ok I guess we can go in.   I'm sorry, but when you see people at your door and you are opening, open the door and say good morning.  Be welcoming.  It's called customer service.  
We walk in and order our food.  Some one was new and was being coached, which was fine, but she was the only nice person in there.  We got our over priced food ($25 for 2 sandwiches and coffee!) walked out, got into the car, drove off to work.  We looked at our food to figure out who had what, to come to find out our food order was wrong!  Seriously, we were the only people in there and I knew for a fact the girl writing my order down wrote it correctly, the short order cook didn't care to bother to read what she wrote. 
We rather go to Kermit's on Washington Ave.  I didn't expect much, but really good. Sadly they only have bagels on the weekend.I'm originally from New York and know a good bagel. We've been going here for a couple years now and recently they've been skimping on the cream cheese. I once asked for extra cream cheese and was looked at like I had 10 heads. Honestly, almost $6 for an everything with scallion cream cheese is absolutely insane. Bagel is ok but most of the time is overdone. Not worth the money.Good bagels, not new york style; wood oven baked vs being boiled means that they have a crispy outside and chewy inside.  Good combinations for breakfast sandwiches and everything is farm fresh.  Downsides : long line, does not move quickly, slow service, small, crowded, and a tad over priced.  They serve la colombe coffee as well.I love a good bagel on Sunday mornings, so I was excited to see Spread Bagelry open up in my neighborhood. 
The bagels are very fresh and flavorful. (Although I think NY bagels are better). They run an excellent business and the atmosphere is vibrant and energizing.  Only drawback: the prices are a bit steep for bagels.These bagels are fantastic. They're baked in a wood-fired oven, and thus infused with feel-good-campfire-cozy-morning-sunrise kinds of flavors. I swear. Other reviewers have mentioned a line, but every time I've been here I've been first or second to order and there have been plenty of free seats. I just love this place. It smells great, they play awesome music, the staff seems kind and fun-loving, they brew la colombe coffee to perfection, and the little seats by the window provide the perfect amount of sunlight and people watching for your afternoon snack.The Best bagel and bagel sandwich in the city. Eating a bagel from here, preferably plain or their specialty, cranberry,is way more than a bagel. It's like a dessert and bagel wrapped into one with the fluffiest center. I can't say the same about any other bagel place I've tried in Philly. Even in NY, where the bagels are like everything else in NY, "better". Also I love egg bagels, but when I asked for an egg bagel here, the woman who no longer works there, maybe 5 years ago, kindly informed me that there is egg in their bagels and plain is pretty much equivalent to egg here. More importantly that those yellow bagels, you know the ones from the Jewish deli?  They are only yellow from artificial coloring :(. Gross! But of course, you won't see my saying no to one any time soon either.Basically giving two stars because it's cute inside and out of pity. Every time I go here it's such a disappointment! I just got home with my bagel and it's burnt, and has hardly any cream cheese on it. This is the FOURTH chance I have given this place, but I won't waste my money again. There are plenty of better bagel places around and I would recommend taking your business there. There's also no reason to wrap a bagel with cream cheese in foil- it's wasteful. I worked at a bagel joint for 3 years- just wrap it in paper.For me there's no better way to have breakfast than with a bagel sandwich. For years, there's been on spot in the city that was my go to place for bagels. Then after seeing their "Best of Philly" win this year and a few tasty pictures from friends, I decided to give it a try yesterday. 
Location wise Spread located on one of the nicer blocks in the Rittenhouse Square/Center City West area. Seating is limited and it's not the biggest store so I'm not surprised to read that there can be lines running out the door. Luckily my "morning" started late enough that I was able to avoid any waiting. I got two bagels with my order; a turkey bacon, eggs and Gruyere sandwich on an onion bagel and a plain bagel with their 4 berry cream cheese. Both were toasted. Service was quick, I waited no longer than 5 minuets after placing my order. The bagels were bigger and thicker than what I'm used to. And despite being toasted, they were still slightly soft and chewy (and I mean that in a good way). The eggs came with thick slices of local Lancaster turkey bacon and topped with the perfect amount of cheese. Overall just a great sandwich. However, the plain bagel with 4 berry cream cheese stole the show. Again, the bagel was soft and chewy, but not doughy. The spread was made from local Amish cream cheese and not only had a great flavor from the berries, but  had chunks of berries in it! It's easily one of the best spread's I've tried. 
Overall I loved my bagel experience at Spread. Yeah it was a bit pricey, but it was well worth the money. Would I go here every morning? No because I would be broke. But whenever I'm looking to get a bagel that's top notch I'm coming back. And I'm calling it now; I bet they're going to make one hell of a pumpkin cream cheese once we get closer to Fall.