The only reason I didn't give this restaurant a 5 star rating, is because of one single pretentious waiter. As a 4 night guest at Hotel Palomar, the location of the restaurant is an obvious plus. The first night of my stay, I met a coworker in the restaurant for a cocktail. When we arrived, the host staff were busy and not available, so we just walked in. The restaurant was not too busy, so we just looked at a small table next to the bar and proceeded to take a seat. A waiter came by and I quickly asked if we could have a seat, before sitting down and told him we'd only be having cocktails. He stumbled on his reply, and in an irritated/in-convinced tone, told me "I guess it would be fine" and basically just kept walking mid sentence. My guest and I brushed it off, and started having a conversation while looking at the drink menu. To make a long story short, he was distant and we both got the "couldn't be bothered" vibe from him. When it came to the bill, we asked if it could be split due to company transaction policies, and you would have thought asked him for some inconceivable task. We basically spent the rest of our night and elevator ride to our room in shock of the rudeness we had just experienced. 
Although that situation left a bad taste in our mouth, and the night before we decided to avoid the restaurant, we decided to grab another cocktail and give this place one more try. After looking around and ensuring "last nights waiter" wasn't on shift, we walked over to the bar and started looking over the menu. Instantly, the bartender greeted us with pleasant small talk and made us feel 100% welcome. He asked about our day, recommended cocktails and was a completely genuine person. This guy (I think his name was Ben) is an absolute star! He gave us lessons on Whiskey, described how to make classic cocktails, and was 100% invested in our experience. This is exactly what a bartender at a 4/5 star establishment should be - actually he exceeds that. He was kind, funny, friendly and completely redeemed this restaurant/bar from our terrible experience the night before. 
I also ordered room service last night from this restaurant, and it was amazing. The bacon wrapped dates and chocolate cake are to die for! Great restaurant and amazing bartender(s). Too bad one bad egg could have spoiled this experience.was here twice -- first for a nightcap at the bar -- the drinks really were some good stuff and i tried a the lemon hummus and pita -- that was the best hummus ive ever had!
the next morning we came in for brunch, which was pretty much terrible. first of all, it took us 45 minutes to get our food for brunch....and it came out cold and we found a hair. the manager did comp our check though. overall, the bar is great, but i would skip breakfast. what a disappointment for a kimpton restaurant.Square 1682 is a hotel bar I frequent. I've been there for lunch, brunch, dinner and happy hour. The food is great, the service is excellent, and the space is upscale. There is always a nice group of people that go there. Whether they are staying at the hotel or live or work in the area, you'll always find someone nice to chat with at the bar. The very best thing about the bar is the bartender that works on Mondays. His name is Dan and he is the man! He's my favorite bartender in the city and I've been to a lot of places. He always knows just what I want and remembers my name when I go there. The only reason I go to Square 1682 on Monday's is because Dan is working. If I walk by and he's not on, I keep going. He's that good! Love him and have so many great memories at this fine establishment.The hubs and I met here last night for drinks per the suggestion of our yelper peers.
The atmosphere was fantastic. The bartenders were nice, the hostesses took our coats immeadiately and it wasn't as pretentious as they'd like you to believe it is. I love the columns of gold links on either side of the bar. I commented to my husband that I wanted a bracelet that looked like the links.
We stayed for two drinks and left fairly drunk. Hubs had two old fashioneds which were out of this world (and Im not usually a brown liquor kind of girl) and I had the grapefruit vesper: Gin, Ruby Red Absolut and Lillet. It was amazing. The bartenders were very attentive and nice, doing the rounds to make sure that we didn't have an empty glass and chatting about how the drinks tasted, etc.
I will probably go back here...but the prices were kind of high. $46 for four drinks...eek
xoOn this most-recent visit to Square 1682, we noticed the menu changed, removing my main draw to the restaurant: the black bean burger. The falafel sandwich that took its place was served on a rather hard bun, rather than traditional pita, which smushed the falafel as you ate and generally overwhelmed the flavors of the tzatziki sauce. (There are plenty of delicious falafel spots in the area that quite simply do it better.)
The drop in rating comes from the "Express Lunch" taking 45 minutes to get to the table (we had 8 people, most of whom ordered the Express Lunch, assuming it would be quicker than the regular menu). 45 minutes is not express and not at all useful when lunching on a time limit. It would've been nice if the server had noted that because Express Lunches are served all 3 courses together, they do not come out as prepared (they're held under a heating lamp till all pieces are ready) and therefore it might be faster for a large group to order off the regular menu. We saw other groups (including some of our colleagues) come and go in the time it took for us to get our food.
I still like the space, as it's quieter than many restaurants, so you can hear one another more easily, but this latest experience took a hit on my recommending it for future meals. A tiny peeve: the "giant cookie" was regular-sized (small?) and fine, for oatmeal raisin.Phenomenal brunch experience. The poached eggs on buttermilk biscuits and pork confit was delightful and just the right size. The service was impeccable-- friendly and watchful. My orange juice and water were regularly filled! They had live jazz during weekend brunch, and the restaurant is beautiful and cozy.
While the menu is small and can be uncreative, the food is high quality and decently priced for Rittenhouse Square ($12 for the above mentioned plate and $3 for OJ). 
All in all, a good experience.If you get nothing else on the menu, you must try the bacon wrapped dates.  They are savory with just a touch of sweet and snuggled into a yummy sauce with finely chopped roasted red peppers on the side.  Every bite was gorgeous.  I also had the butternut squash soup, which was very tasty and large enough to be filling on its own.  Then, I also added in some deviled eggs.  They were good, but spicier than I would have thought.  What made them spectacular was the little bit of crispy duck skin on top.  It made the whole dish come together.  We also sent our waitress back no less than 4 times to answer questions about the menu, and she was always happy to check for us.Happen upon this location in search of a post New Year Eve breakfast.  Even w/o reservations we were seated almost immediately. Party of 4 ordered pancakes, eggs and frittata all which were good, problem was the service. Two in our party received their food the other two did not. Nothing worse than half the table getting their food while the others have to wait!!!  Folks w/o food say " go ahead, don't wait". In my opinion this is just about the worst thing a restaurant could do to a guest.  Despite the food being good the type of service we received during our visit caused us to have a poor dining experience.  Unfortunately we left the location vowing never to return.  Please 1682 work on this issue, it's important and has a huge impact on the customer experience. Food get 4 stars, service gets 1.** REVIEW BASED ON BAR ONLY **
The feel of this trendy spot is very posh, but works well and has a great energy to it. The prices are reasonable, and the beer selection although not extensive, is very well selected. (A trend of Kimpton hotel restaurants). 
The problem for me was the service. Although upon being flagged, the staff was friendly and proficient, there was very little initiative. There needs to be a happy medium of attentiveness, but not too the point where annoyance or over-bearing takes effect.
The truffle popcorn was good, but the butter wasn't very well distributed. Each small handful had a different taste. The pork confit quesadillas were very impressive, and were accompanied with a smokey chipotle dipper that really maximized the taste of the confit.If you're into the trendy places you'll really like this. However if you're just looking for a good meal and not to brag about what you ate the next day to everyone; you should probably take a pass.
I think the menu must have changed dramatically because it does not match some of the other reviews. I went for lunch but they accidently left me with a dinner menu and there was no "beer and a burger" kind of options. 
This place is very trendy and nice but requires a very exquisite palette for enjoyment. The lunch menu I was presented with had one option which I was interested in and that was the People's Choice Cheesesteak.
The sandwhich was small but very tasty and they did overload me with some home made chips. It cost me about $11.
Personally when I think of the "American (New)" catagory I think of crazy out of this menu items that you may want to try. But also remixes of old classics as well. Like you do something amazing with Tomato Soup or a Cheeseburger with Free Range beef and some spices I've never heard of from an island I didn't know existed. I can't really fault them for that, but if what I ate was any kind of indication of the quality of the food; the price does not match the portion and quality.This place is incredibly pricey $14 for a Moscow Mule? Especially one that was very week just tastes like ginger beer it was not enjoyable at all. Our bartender was nice but he kept touching his hair and then proceeded to grab ice with his bare hands and put that in customers glasses (really!) total disappointment especially because we love this hotel!!!We stayed at the Palomar Hotel and stopped by for a drink one night. Very pleasant and our waitress (I think Sasha) was very nice and accommodating.
We stopped by the next day for an afternoon drink and decided to make reservations for dinner that evening. 
We asked our server if we could have the same table ( nice window seat) we were seated, and she said "of course."  We left a nice, appreciative tip. 
Two hours later we arrived for dinner. Place about 1/3 full and of course the table we'd requested was filled. That was disappointing, but not as disappointing as dinner. Calamari was pretty rubbery, entrees just so-so. Server was mediocre. Never came by to refill wine or water but did have time to watch the big screen TV. 
A generous three stars- only because of our first experience.I went to Square 1682 during restaurant week with a group of colleagues. We chose it because it had a vegetarian entree. The atmosphere is definatly chic and modern. We were seated upstairs and was lead up a beautiful open staircase that ended in a warm and stylish dining room. Open, high ceilings and an amazing glass front wine cabinet. The food was tasty. I instantly fell in love with the butternut squash soup. The vegetable lasagna was a surprising treat. Thin layers of zucchini & portabello served on couscous. Dessert was ok. Tasty and light, but good. I had the peach brown butter tart. Overall a good experience. I will return for dinner with the hubby.Everything was phenomenal! Sasha was our waitress this evening she is warm and inviting! The owner chris is also extremely nice and professional!Accommodations were made due to allergies and everything was overall perfect! I highly, highly recommend! We will definitely be back for our 4th year anniversary! thank you for a wonderful evening!Amazing food! Great service! Loved David, great waiter. Must try the bacon wrapped dates. 
We will be back.To preface, I would have given a higher star rating if I had not gotten food poisoning from this place! (I was vomiting pretty bad about 5 hours after the meal, and my boyfriend didn't vomit but he had a very upset stomach and dry heaved for a bit). We think it may have been the calamari or the sauce perhaps (was the only thing we shared besides the dessert).
Location: easy to get to, connected to the Hotel Palomar, nice area
Ambiance: very nice, servers are attentive, there's a nice bar area, good lighting
Food:
Wine: your average wine, a little steep for the quality you get however
Appetizer: we had the fried calamari, which were OK, the sauce was good, I liked the fried jalapeno slices that were in the dish. Quite a bit of the pieces were actually just fried breading and not the calamari itself. Pretty good appetizer portion for 2 - 3 people, I would think
Bread basket:
warm and tasty! a good combination of different breads. Enjoyed it very much!
Entrees:
I had the vegetarian option, which was the summer cavatelli, a pasta dish. It was tasty, a bit heavy on the balsamic vinegar. I did like the tomatoes and the nice mushrooms that were in it. The pasta was a bit too al dente, but still pretty good
My boyfriend had the duck entree. He said the duck meat was tasty, but the amount was very small. Also, he was a bit put off with the combination of tastes (duck was on top of an egg-omlette thing, and next to it was a potato thing. He really enjoyed the potato, and I tried that and it was quite good. It was like scalloped potatoes but after they cut it into slices they put it all back into a potato shape. It was pretty unique and very tasty. If you're into combination of totally different flavors, this would probably work for you
Dessert:
we had the peach/blackberry cobbler w/ ice cream, and it was superb! the cobbler was warm and delicious, the bread part was very good, and the cold ice cream complemented everything perfectly. It was also a very large cobbler! Definitely good to share. Would highly recommend
Overall, the food was probably 3.5 stars, service was 4 - 4.5 stars, what knocked it down was that I got sick afterwards :-/Teetering towards a 3, but chalked up issues with execution to the constraints of Restaurant Week. 
~~~~~~~~~~~~
Restaurant Week's first pass for 2015 starts on January 18th. One place to consider is Square 1682 - which underwent a bit of an overhaul over the past 2 years under the helm of Chef Caitlyn Mateo. Square 1682 is located in Rittenhouse, within the swanky Hotel Palomar. The atmosphere is sleek, with several high-top tables throughout, as well as a 2nd floor that is slightly more formal.
For the January 2014 RW, the GF and I stopped by along with one of our friends. 
Texan's Mule [$10]
Tito's vodka, ginger beer, gingery syrup, lime juice
This take on the Moscow mule was served with one of my favorite small batch vodkas - Tito's. This iteration of the drink was perfect for the GF, not overly sweet, with great ginger essence.
Classic Bizzy Izzy Highball [$11]
Rittenhouse rye, Dios Baco amontillado, pineapple juice, lemon juice, Agnostura aromatic bitters
Rittenhouse rye tends to speak to me and this didn't disappoint. The whiskey was nicely balanced by the sherry. With the bitters on the forefront and the drink had a nice citrus finish, this was easy drinking.
Bread Service
Dinner started off with a nice spread of crispy, salty sesame lovash, sourdough, and rosemary focaccia. A big pet peeve of mine though? Cold butter - what is the point if you can't spread it?
Restaurant Week Dinner [$35 pp]
As is usually the case - restaurant week dinners are on offer for $35 per person - usually for 3-4 courses. 
Carrot Soup 
The GF and our friend both ordered the carrot soup, which had nice depth and sweetness. The charred brussels sprouts and bacon brought forth balance and created a wonderful spoonful.
Lancaster Duck Toast 
Lingonberry mustard, buttermilk toast 
I went with the duck dish, which featured shredded Lancaster duck and frisee on a toast point. The ligonberry mustard sauce brought out some brightness to each bite, though I wished for some more of the duck flavor.
Bacon Wrapped Dates [$9]
Local goat cheese, piquillo peppers, stone ground mustard vinaigrette  
Feeling a bit peckish despite the first course and two more to come, I ordered the ubiquitous bacon-wrapped dates an a la carte. The bacon was nicely crisp, with the tang of the goat cheese balanced nicely by the sweetness of the dates. The piquillo peppers and mustard vinaigrette offered some acidity and brightness through the heft of the bacon.
Truffle Popcorn [$4]
Truffle butter, citric salt 
The oft-lauded truffle popcorn here had to be tried. The truffle essence definitely emanated through, though the citric salt added the sour salt taste that really made it for me.
Amish Chicken Breast
Beet fettuccine, cauliflower, autumn apples 
For mains, the GF and our friend opted for the tender chicken breast, which was well-seasoned. The beet fettuccine was interesting and had a subtle sweetness. The crisp apples brought fresh tartness that was balanced by the bitter greens and the lightly charred cauliflower.
Custom Blend Burger + Quail Egg [$1 supp]
Smoked portabella, Lancaster cheddar, garlic Parmesan fries
I had the burger and added a quail egg for a dollar supplement. I requested it medium-rare, though it came out medium and overall, the beef was a bit dry and lacked seasoning. The tomato was a bit mealy as well. The fries were decent, though the chipotle aioli was a bit watery. Disappointing overall - should've went with the lamb short ribs. 
Chef's Selection of Sorbet
Desserts fared better though. We had a great selection of sorbets including apple cider, raspberry honey, and hazelnut espresso served with strawberries and blueberries interspersed between. A light and refreshing palate cleanser. 
Butterscotch Cake 
Mascarpone cream, apple caramel  
The cake was buttery, with rich butterscotch essence. The mascarone cream was nicely light and the apple caramel brought some sweetness to each bite.
White Chocolate Bread Pudding 
Dark chocolate gelato
The bread pudding was nicely moist and oozing with sweet intensity. The white chocolate seemed a bit lost, but combined with the dark chocolate gelato, each bite was a sweet ending indeed.
Service was alright, but seemed a bit aloof and uninformed. In fact, they took our bread basket and plates a few minutes after dropping it on our table. We had to flag down the staff to figure out what sorbets were on offer as well. 
Still, the food at Square 1682 has definitely become more creative 3 years back. While a few dishes could have been executed better, I'll chalk that up to the perils of restaurant week.Good in my book. When you are too exhausted to go 'out' when staying at this adjacent hotel, but still want to be social, this is it.  Has Chimay, great creative bar food, interesting clientele, and bartenders friendly and on top of things.
Things I've had on my many visits here.  And areAwesome
-Lobster pot pie.  OMG
-The burger is ridiculously fresh.  Can't put in words how damn good it is.
-The garlic fries. Just make sure who you are with eats them too- so you are 'even.' hehehe
-Bacon wrapped dates.  Holy shit.  Have with a Chimay.  P:erfect/I had the chance to have dinner at Square on a Friday night and it was a great experience.  I was a few minutes late for my reservation and when I called to inform the hostess, she was so nice about it.  She even thanked me for calling once I finally got to the restaurant.  Let's talk dining room and decor... honestly I don't remember.  The place was nice and is part of the lobby of Hotel Palomar, but it wasn't nice enough for anything to stand out in my mind.  What I do remember is the maze I had to go through to use the restroom.  Since it is part of the hotel, the diners use the hotel facilities and it's a bit of a walk, but I lived so not the biggest deal.  After I was seated I looked through the drink menu and ordered the Fake/Fake.  It was nice and ginger-y.  I could've eaten 10 of the candied ginger pieces if they had given it to me.  While waiting to order I was brought a complimentary bowl of their truffle popcorn.  How fancy was that!  I usually hate popcorn, but I ate that one.  It had truffles in it!  
My meal was pretty fantastic.  I started with the Kale Cesar salad and it was delicious.  I don't usually eat vegetables, but I would definitely eat that salad again.  It was way more interesting than eating a Cesar salad with romaine lettuce.  For my entree I had the lamb short ribs with the cheddar cheese grits.  Can we say YUM!  The meat was cooked to the point where it jumped off the bone and the grits... more please.  The dish also came with broccoli, eh.  It's a basic vegetable, so... yeah.  I ended my meal with the white chocolate bread pudding with a tiny scoop of chocolate semi-fredo.  What a perfect way to end a meal; not to heavy and not too sweet.  
Aside from the yummy food, what sold me on Square was the service.  This place had some of the BEST service I've ever experienced in a restaurant.  Our server, David, was AWESOME!  As many times we talked to him about something, he never seemed annoyed or bothered.  He, and the other members of the waitstaff, made it a pleasure to be there and I will definitely be back.What a great spot!! Could not get in for dinner first night in Philly as line was out the door. Came in for breakfast....back to back!!!! Super fresh foods, great coffee! Service the best! Cindy is a lot of fun and super nice!!! 
Going to be a regular visit on every stop in Philly. Ordered off the menu for a custom eggwhite omelet... Super accommodating...highly recommendHi Caitlin, 
Thank you for your reply.  I appreciate your attention to the issues. I forgot to mention the name of the waitress that was so rude and unwelcoming.  Her name is Erin. 
Best,
Mariza.We went for lunch yesterday during restaurant week.  It's a nice little restaurant. We ate upstairs.  We both ordered a merlot. I liked that they gave us more than 2 sips of wine in our glass, unlike so many other places in the city. During restaurant week, you get an appetizer, an entree and dessert for $20 at lunchtime. I ordered the vegetable quesadillas.  They were delicious, but rather filling.  I had to take my entree with me to go.  I ordered the bbq pulled pork sandwich which came with garlic fries. I ate them for lunch today, and they were delicious.  My friend ordered the salmon. I tried a bite and it was very good.  I ordered the apple cobbler for dessert.  It was good, but the apples were undercooked and still hard.  My friend got the chocolate mousse and said it was ok.  All in all, it was a pretty good meal.  Service was good, even though they were very crowded.Carafes of mimosa, raw juices, awesome frittatas and decent environs.  This hotel-like lobby dining is good to above average but in a super area for shopping, cafes, parks, etc. so that makes it hard to beat.I was really iffy about coming here in the beginning... I just wasn't sure... but there hummus appetizer is really good 
I don't really think I had a great meal but overall the experience was a lot of fun I came here for reunion with two of my friends from college and we were able to sit and drink in and just have a blast in and have good service which is something that I really look for!Came here for an event. service was good. Drinks for happy hour were standard wine or lager. Food seemed interesting... but it was tastier in print then actuality. Truffle popcorn for example was nothing more than stale popcorn and some cheap truffle oil. Would go back to try their dinner menu though.  Maybe its just the apps that are forced?I went here for restaurant week because I live in the area and always pass by. I definetly considered it more of a hotel restaurant, but it was wonderful! I would absolutely go back. It was a different menu because of restaurant week, but my entree of salmon over quinoa and veggies was one of hte best I've ever had!! I was so full but I had to finish it. They were also running a special for restaurant week where bottles of wine were $35, which i pretty decent for a more upscale place. The staff was very friendly, only issue was we could not find hte hostess for awhile to get seated. But I think she had ran in the back, and they apologized. Overall great inventive take on traditional cuisine. Loved it and cant wait to go back.We are guests at the hotel so decided to have dinner here last night. I ordered the Amish chicken and my husband had the pork chop. Not bad not good either. Seemed something a first year chef would have served up. Service was ok. Cocktail menu needs reviewing. All in all I would "possibly" eat there again but I would not recommend it.Wow, found this place looking for brunch near Rittenhouse Square. The staff are friendly, the coffee amazing.  My friend mentioned their popcorn and we found out that they only serve it at lunch. I am from Massachusetts, so I won't be able to come back, but they brought some popcorn out!!! And the smoked salmon eggs Benedict were delicious!Listen, I hate to be the bearer of bad news, but excuse me Hotel Palomar...banners are for Science Museums and the like...not for Kimpton hotels. 
Rewind...
I was walking to a little meeting down 17th street and I look up and in my face I see "HOTEL PALOMAR" on a plastic banner vertically hanging from the hotel. EW. Guess what Hotel Palomar? People know you're there...or at the least the people who you want in your establishment know you are there! This isn't like "THE HUMAN BODY" at the Franklin Institute. How many hotels have you seen with a plastic banner? Probably zero (unless you include the days inn in portland maine, but honestly...) 
UGH. It made me so angry that I had to give it a demerit. Maybe they need a new marketing director. 
xoWhat an amazing experience from the time we walked in to the last cosmo. Great service, awesome atmosphere, delightful food, strong tasty drinks, and finally one of the best creme brûlée!!!I have debated posting this review since Mother's Day ( month ago). I want to be fair, but gnawing at my gut is the overall poor food experience I had there. 
Of course I wanted something special for my mother on this day, so I gathered my siblings and their families and selected 3 places to attempt to get reservations. One was at the William Penn Inn, the other Route 6. I scoured the reviews and menus and decided Square 1682 was the best option. 
Square was super accommodating  with my large party of 12 and the customer service was outstanding. I canceled the reservation with the two other places and banked on Square delivering a great day. That was a mistake. 
Positive: The manager, staff, hostess, waitresses were super sweet. 
The mimosas were the best think i consumed that dining experience
Two  items were comped
Con's:
Two of our orders were mixed up ( another waitress took the ticket), so 10 of us ate while two of us watched. The late food arrived about 15 mins later. 
The prime rib sandwich was skimpy, grossly over cooked, and barely edible. I have had a LOT of prime rib in my life, this was thin and crunchy. It was served with a tiny bit of sauce on a firm fancy roll. My mother ordered the same and the disappointment on her face was awful. The others at the table had a variety of underwhelming dishes. No one was satisfied, but everyone was polite. I was crushed. 
There were a total of 5 mothers in that bunch and there was absolutely nothing special about it.  It was a nice room, the staff was nice, but it was one of the WORST dining experiences I have had in Philly.
I REALLY regret booking this place. We spent hundreds of dollars and everyone left a little quiet and disappointed. As a matter of fact my mother later confided she was STARVING after we left. 
I understand holiday restaurant service is maddening, but IMO this place was not properly staffed, nor prepared to handle providing good food on a special day. I would NEVER recommend someone come to this establishment. I wish I had chose one of the other places. 
Next year I'm #teamSomewhereElse! I don't mind paying the money, if I leave with a smile on my face. 
No smiley face here....My gf and I were told by the hostess that they were open until 2am. We ordered fries then after they were put in and given to us, we were told they were having a bar clean. The bartender just came around and announced last call at 11:43pm. No sign was posted on the door, nor was it locked preventing any customers from entering. Needless to say that this will be the last time we visit this bar for drinks. Horrible notice. Anyone visiting might want to call to verify when the next "bar clean" will be. The bartender was very rude to customers who arrived after last call, rolling her eyes after an order and seeming to be disgusted when two women arrived.The food, drinks, and ambience was amazing. I ate the salmon, hummus, and mashed potatoes and all three were delicious.My husband and I stayed at the lovely Palomar hotel in Philadelphia and went to the bar a couple of times.  We were unable to make it for happy hour because we were out exploring the city, but it offered some great deals.  We did have a drink here at the bar where we had Dan.  He was a fantastic bartender.  We ordered a classic blinker and a classic boulevardier.  Both strong and tasty, just how I like my drinks.  He was a great mixologist, as well as a lovely conversationist.  He gave us suggestions on places to go while we were there.  He was so friendly.  I also grabbed a coffee after a long day of walking around, and the bar manager was so kind and got me a coffee. If we lived in Philadelphia we would most definitely eat and have drinks here often,  for we have come to learn that the bars/restaurants that are attached to Kimpton hotels are usually stellar.  We have one here and in Alexandria that we enjoy. 
Kudos to this place, it was  just lovely.Unfortunately a sad disappointment for a Sunday brunch. First time here after hearing this was a great place to come to enjoy a Sunday morning. The option to sit outside, sounded amazing however, we were left neglected. Waiting for along time for drinks, (approx. a 1/2 hour) food and service. For the price, atmosphere and service was not worth the effort to plan a Sunday here. Let alone, when leaving the restaurant was bare inside. Not sure, with the excuse they were short staffed by the server, where everyone was during our dining experience, not even apologetic nor a manger to come to check on the experience. Next Sunday, will be dining and recommending other options for a Sunday brunch.Came here for restaurant week. Everything was delicious! Had the dipping trio for an appetizer and tasted my friend's calamari. Both were great. I had the duck over truffled duck egg (which was like a thin egg crepe). It was perfect. Not fatty at all and very flavorful. I had the bread pudding with s'more gelato for dessert and tasted my friend's pear tarte. Although I barely had room to eat it, both were excellent. The atmosphere was sophisticated yet calming. I will definetely come back for dinner.I came here on a whim after taking my dog to Schukyll River dog park.  I'd been wanting to check this place out for a while, as I'd heard they were very dog-friendly here and were even developing a special menu for dogs.  I asked the hostess if the dog menu was out yet - it wasn't, but after checking, the hostess said the chef would be able to whip something up for her.  
This alone made me want to come back, as I like to patronize places that welcome dogs, but the food was SO good  I was by myself (exept for my dog) so didn't order an appetizer, but I got the burger, which came with parmesan fries and a garlic aioli.  The burger was the best I've ever had - great quality meat, uicy & perfectly seasoned, and it came with mushrooms on it, which I normally don't like on a burger, but they were phenomenal on this burger.  You can also order it with a quail egg on top, which I think I'll try the next time I get the burger.  The fries were delicious, thin & cripsy, and I could've eaten the aioli with a spoon, it was so good.  My dog's meal (chicken & rice, with an egg on top) came out after I was almost finished, but hey, she's a dog, and she didn't mind getting tidbits of the burger while waiting.  I'd forgotten I wanted to try the truffle popcorn, so I asked for a little container to go, and they accommodated. I tried some when I got home; at first I didn't think I liked it, seemed a bit sour or something.  But the next day I tried it again and couldn't stop eating it, so apparently I liked it.  
Service was a little slow; I kept having to ask someone to get my waitress, but I didn't really mind as I was resting up from the long walk, and she was very friendly.  Can't wait to come back again and try the other food (although I just might weaken and get the burger again!), but I'll probably wait a few weeks, when hopefully the dog menu is out.The service was slow. Waitress was nice but seemed frustrated at times. She took a while to ask (or even offer) if we wanted another drink.
The bacon wrapped figs were GREAT! Didn't have devil eggs but we're very tasty according to my teammates.
I'm providing a four-star rating for the food because it was truly outstanding I would provide two stars for the overall service because it was just so slow and it did not seem as if there  was adequate staff for the dinner rush. 
I recall having a beef dish which was outstanding and their entire menu had great selections and it was quite difficult to decide on which one. The wine list was very impressive along with the extensive cocktail list. If I ever had the opportunity to go back I would definitely revisit this restaurantCame here for lunch this afternoon..  We started with the house-smoked salmon, which was delightful.  Dining companion had the short rib sandwich with horseradish cream and watercress.  She definitely won the entree contest.  The horseradish was the perfect balance to the rich short rib, watercress was fresh and crunchy, bread was,if not fresh baked, delivered from someone who knows what they're doing.  Served with purple potato chips and house-made pickle (which was also awesome.
I had the skirt steak with ratatouille and semolina cake.  Can't remember the description of the dish perfectly now, but I assume they must have said something about sauce.  Sauce.  So much sauce.  I'm sure it wasn't just straight up A-1 or whatever, but it wasn't much of an improvement on that sort of generic steak-sauce-y taste.  And there was way too much of it.  
On the plus side.. this is a new place.  Apparently the lunch menu just started next week or something.  If the short rib sandwich is any indication, there's definitely some potential here.  The bar menu is also supposed to start soon, and there were a few dishes there that sound like they'll be contenders.  Crispy maitake mushrooms in particular...  Also, service was good, bartender was informed about the menu and attentive.I moved to Philadelphia almost six months ago and had not read or heard a word about this place.  I pass it several times a week and finally decided it was time to try it.  I was not disappointed.  
It was one of the top 10 meals I've had since moving here, and I eat out a lot.  I shared four small plates with one other person and we each had two drinks.   I really enjoyed the south american shrimp, the tuna tostadas, and the bacon-wrapped dates.  The ingredients were very fresh, the dishes were well-plated, and the flavor combinations were great.  We also had the serrano ham, which I enjoyed, but it wasn't quite what I was expecting (the ham arrived atop crutons--but who can really complaint about wonderfully salty serrano ham?).  Everything was reasonably priced.  And the end of the meal came with a bonus: because it was national chocolate lovers' day, we were each given a small chocolate dessert at the end of our meal. 
I was also impressed with the service.  Our waitress knew everything on the menu by heart, gave us great recommendations, and was attentive but not overbearing.   
I'd recommend the food at this place place to anyone, but it has a too-cool-for-school vibe that might be off-putting to some, and I can understand how the restaurant could feel very crowded if there were a lot of people there (not my experience, but other reveiwers seem to complain about the lack of personal space). 
Overall, I was incredibly pleased.I went this past week and had dinner there.  My friend heard it on the ABC New Year's show about what will be in for 2010 and this place was mentioned so we figured we'd try it out.  
The hotel is very beautiful and super modern.  Same aesthetic as W Hotel but a little more upscale and design taken to a bit higher level.  Square 1682 is upstairs from the bar, in a cozy dining area with very attentive servers.
We split the small seafood sampler appetizer--I've never, since I only started eating seafood 2 years ago--had crab legs in their shells and some of the other items...all very tasty absent the oysters, which I just don't like in general.  My friend who loves oysters and is much more of a seafood expert said a price of $45 for the amount and quality was a really, really good deal.  
I then had the striped bass with root vegetables...fantastic.  The best bass I've had to date and the balance between the bass' flavor and the sweet root vegetables was definitely appreciated.  My friend got the salmon and said it was buttery and perfect...which was accompanied by the duck fat fries I trusted were delicious.
We each tried a few cocktails--each were interesting like my friend's bell pepper cocktail, which was mild with a bit of a kick.  
We split one of the unusual desserts...we had cranberry upside down cake with goat cheese ice cream.  Again, the mix between the two was divine and the right choice.  Either item alone was good but together balanced each flavor out.  I loved the real cranberries throughout.  
Excellent experience and reasonable bill for what we got.This is a restaurant/bar that is part of the hotel. The menu is small and doesn't have a lot of options but they have an extensive drink menu. Personally, the food is significantly overpriced, especially the half chicken entree. However, the food was flavorful and delicious. I think this is a great place for anyone who doesn't mind spending money and wants to enjoy a good meal and drinks. 
The mussels were delicious and a good amount for the price. The fingerling potatoes were a little dry but still yummy. The waitress was very attentive.Square 1682 assisted our company in our restaurant buyout during a busy conference week in April. Amy Binder and her team went out of their way to accommodate unusual event requests, the service was amazing and the food was delicious. It was an all round great event and we received many positive reviews from clients and colleagues.Been here twice and on my second trip, i dont know what happened. We got there a little before the reservations (7:15p) and put in one app within 15 mins of being seated (i was with a friend from out of town who took his time looking through the menu - fine). we place our dinners another 15mins later. We had a good time chatting, but was also really hungry, so we checked the time and noticed that it was almost 8:15pm. Where is our food? we asked the waitress who informed us that they're plating the dishes currently. Did they forget our dishes? 
I think a manager dropped off our dishes, who apolgoized for the delay, which we accepted, but would've been nice to be notified beforehand. I ordered the NY strip and my friend ordered the amish chicken, which both seemed a little over cooked. The collard greens was good, but lacked a little something extra since my first visit. I like the food and would be back, but a little more communications in the hiccup of food delivery would be appreciated.I went to Square with a few friends as a next day post-party brunch.  They are situated in a nice open space off of a hotel in the city.  
The staff seemed like they were still getting established.  The host didn't know we had a reservation, but we were seated quickly nonetheless.  We were waited on by a few servers, and they were all very nice.  I'm big on always having ice water, as I drink so much while dining, so I was disappointed that we were only tended to a couple times throughout the meal.  On to the food... it was pretty good.  I ordered the Crabby dish which is an eggs Benedict served with blue crab.  It was very tasty, though the amount of crab on the plate was lame.  Two tiny claws for $14.  My friend's meals were also overpriced for what they received, in my opinion.  In the end, nothing really wowed me.
Almost forgot to mention the Bloody Mary. This is what I would come back for.  It definitely hit the spot and was made perfectly.Decent dinner options and a good choice of drinks.
Make sure you get the truffle popcorn.Great, great, great. 
Breakfast, Lunch and Dinner. 
Stayed at hotel and ate all my meals here. 
Salmon was perfect, breakfast was very good, had the porridge. 
Very nice Burger and Salmon salad for lunch. 
Service is very good. 
At night it's a bar scene, at least Friday was, Saturday lunch was more subdued. 
Good choice.I truly enjoyed dining at Square 1682. The complimentary truffle popcorn was delicious and the shrimp lettuce cups were a great appetizer, bearing out the calamari we ordered which was a bit too salty and over fried. 
My entree was delicious. The halibut was cooked perfectly and had nice vegetable compliments. My date's Amish chicken almost melted in my mouth and I was jealous I didn't get to eat more of his dish! 
The restaurant comped us a free cheesecake dessert with panna cotta and that was absolutely exquisite. The tart berries truly made that dessert one of the best I've had in a long time. The pumpkin bread pudding was different than what I'm accustomed to and not as moist as I would have hoped for seeing as bread pudding is my favorite dessert. 
Our waitress also left something to be desired as she was a bit clumsy, bumping into our table on occasion and knocking my purse off the chair. She also forgot the specials of the evening and mispronounced a few dishes which surprised me considering the caliber of restaurant. 
I really appreciated the attention of some of the other waiters and the chef asking how we enjoyed everything and wishing me a happy anniversary. I'm an attention whore so the free dessert and attention of the restaurant staff are what bumps Square 1682 from 3 to 4 stars for me. 
Overall, we had a great experience and would consider coming back.Have since recommended Square 1682 to multiple diners for business lunches, all of whom have thanked me heartily for the recommendation. Whew! Glad it continues to deliver on the lunch front.
Dined for dinner for the first time with a group of 10, many from out of state and a few of whom had food allergies (celiac/gluten-free) and restrictions (vegan/vegetarian) and all of whom were able to find something to enjoy (e.g., ask for the popcorn appetizer with the bread basket). Was so pleased that I was able to order the black-bean-burger for dinner, which was as tasty as I recalled it being. This time it came with white-potato fries instead of sweet, which were perfectly cooked and slightly addictive (the aioli was spot-on again!).great food.  they can customize a vegan dish. great service. great cocktails. i like this place a lot!Poor experience for Sunday brunch. Staying at Palomar Hotel, so arrived early, at 800 a.m., and restaurant was empty. Still had 3 different waiters and had to wait 10 minutes for a coffee refill. Green Eggs and Ham omelette was good, but was presented with huge portion of greasy home fries that dwarfed the omelette, and not even a piece of toast. My wife ordered the yogurt parfait, which was good. But bagel was bready and oversized. Philly has good bagels; Square 1682 does not. If this restaurant focused on food quality instead of volume, and hired more staff, might be a good experience. Currently, is a very disappointing brunch experience.I've only been here a few times, but boy do I always pick the right thing to order. Calamari, calamari, calamari. It's divine. Also, I always seem to get the same two male bartenders who are just fantastic and always up for a great chat. They're both the hip, cool, super intelligent at making cocktails type if you ever want to track them down.If you have not came here for food yet, please make the effort and try this place.  I had my birthday party here and I couldn't be happier. They gave us a nice, HUGE private room for no extra charge. our own attentive waitress, and the party planner (Joan) & chef even came in to talk to us! We felt like true VIP's and had a great time
Now the food: we had 15 people so we thought, what the heck, let's order ALL the appetizers and side dishes and pass them around.  Everything was delicious and NONE of them was a disappointement! Entrees on the other hand were not nearly as interesting...just your usual "catch of the day" or "short ribs".  So order away on the appetizers and a few side dishes to share but skip the entrees's
oh and the restaurant made my birthday cake (red velvet with cream cheese icing) and it was definitely one of the most delicious, beautiful cakes I've ever gotten.
I will definitely come back again with friends! And if anyone is thinking of hosting a dinner party please do yourself a favor and call Joan!!I stopped in for Happy hour, and I ordered their happy hour cocktail. The bartender described the new drink to one of the curious kitchen staff. Right before he served it to me, he offered her a straw-full of my drink out of MY glass. The bartender told her "just put your finger over the straw and take some out." She wisely declined and tasted the leftover still in the shaker. Completely unprofessional.
Also, a businessman/guest came back to question a surcharge on a drink. He was told it was because the whisky was neat. Not the best policy, but ok. But afterwards the bartenders mocked the fact that he returned to question such a small amount, "It's not like it was even that much." This was in front of me and another customer.
The cocktail was great and the food on the menu looked good. I just couldn't bear to be around this one bartender anymore.Came in for brunch & liking the atmosphere. Ordered the frittata which came with seasoned potatoes, it was good. My wife ordered the burger with a fried egg on it and OMG. It came with house made shoestring fries. Lots of food for the $$. I will order the burger next time.
Friendly staff.Why oh why would you put us upstairs in the creepy 2nd floor when the downstairs is so cool?
Why would it take 20 minutes to make a yogurt parfait?
These are the questions of Square 1682 that demand to be answeredSat at the bar for some chill pre-going out drinks.  Bartender was professional and fast.  My best friend said he made a great Manhattan (I know, I know, who still orders Manhattans...and a 27 year old at that?).  
I suppose making a good Manhattan means that you are a good bartender.  Crowd was a bit older (by a bit I mean mid 30s), and was empty by 10pm (when we wanted to leave).Solely basing this review off of cocktails, bartenders and waitstaff, this place is great!
There was one seat left at the bar when my boyfriend and I walked in, we asked if we could grab a chair from one of the hightops, the host went a grabbed another bar stool from somewhere near the door and brought it around for us.
The cocktail menu has really interesting options and an extensive array of high end liquor- not that I know anything about them- but it was fun to look through for sure.  I had a cocktail I think was called a Rita Mae, which was nice and orange-y followed by something with grapefruit I think. BF had a bourbon drink which tasted like pure smoke! Great cocktails. 
The couple next to us was fun to chat with and they were basically making up their own cocktails with the help of our fantastic bartender, D. She was super busy but a great sport when we asked incessant questions about cocktails and the other couple kept asking her to add new things to the drink they were creating. 
Great spot to stop by!The ambiance is great. It's quiet enough to have a legit conversation. The waiters are attentive and knowledgable. The menu changes, however the date and bacon appetizer was phenomenal. Drink menu has everything you can ask for. Call for a reservation.Went here for breakfast. Food was good, but pricey for what it is. The waitress was terrible and barely came to our table...we had to ask other waitresses for things we needed.We expected much more from this restaurant after reviewing the menu and reviews online. Upon our arrival despite having reservations, it took a good 15 minutes to be seated. After being seated, it took another 15 minutes to get any type of service. When we finally received our entrees, mine was burnt and bland, and was not prepared as requested. We definitely will not return to this place.RW review:
I had the BEST time last night at Square 1682 for RW festivities!
We had a reservation for 7:30pm for party of 6. My husband and I arrived a few minutes early and were greeted by a sleek hostess immediately and even took our coats. We checked out the bar area downstairs and ordered an "old fashioned" from a beautiful bartender who also noticed us right away when we walked in and did not make us wave for her attention. The drink was expensive for us but good. The bar area is small but the decor is modern and yet warm and cozy. There were business people there for happy hour, romantic couples and even a few singles by themselves enjoying a light dinner by the bar and a book. Everyone looked comfortable. The kitchen is at the back of the room and you can see the chefs in there cooking up a storm. Bless them!
One of the bartenders found that I was there for RW and he took at least 5 minutes to go through the entire menu with me and gave me his opinions of his favorites. He recommended the following: Tuna Tostadas, Octopus, Lobster Pot Pie, and others for appetizers. For entrees, he noted how pleasantly surprised he was at the chicken, and also recommended the NY Strip (not a full fillet). I was interested in the seafood entrees and he approved my choice of the grouper.
When our party was ready, we were led upstairs to the dining room. Similar decor but now you get to check out the details of the table setting. It is a small place but after settling into our seats I did not feel cramped at all. It's a great date place. The lighting again was low but warm. There were some interesting flower arrangements at the bar in the back. Our little appetizer/bread plates were really cute, it looked like a big coaster and it in was a print of a studio apt layout! The colors were soft gold with specks of red. Festive and romantic. The girls were giddy.
The service was great. Our waiter was not pushy but informational. I didnt ask for his recommendations though. I should've. 
Run down of the food we ordered:
Apps: Octopus, Lobster Pot Pie, Beet Salad, Regular Salad, Tuna Tostada, Potato Gnocchi. It seems that all were good. I heard the Beet Salad had a fishy taste in part of the sauce and we suspected anchovies but another taster could not find it.
My lobster pot pie had a buttery flaky crust topped with a CLAW! It was such a  cute presentation! The soup was just as indulgent and naughty! Creamy, lobster bisque like with root vegetables that were still crunchy and flavorful. My husband had the Tuna Tostada. It was a good combo of tortilla chip (salty), jalapeno, spicy sauce and raw tuna. There were 3 bites on the plate which was probably not enough for my husband but he shared the pot pie with me. The tuna tostada was good but not as spectacular as the pot pie. I had a taste of the octopus. Very refreshing! It had a tang to it and it was tender and not chewy. It paired well with the fennel. 
For entree I got the "Pan Seared Grouper with
white sweet potatoes, roasted corn and truffle vinaigrette" The sweet potatoes were pureed so that it could've been a polenta look alike on the dish. The corn and truffle was served on top of the sweet potatoes with a just right size piece of grouper. I loved the sweet potatoes. It was sweet & savory. The corn and truffle added the saltiness and interesting texture. The fish was good. Nothing too crazy. I felt like the star was the side dish. The presentation was lovely. I really felt like I was on Iron chef.
My husband's NY Strip was cook right and the purple potatoes were fun to eat. He said while it was good, he has had better steaks before. But men can never resist ordering red meats at places if offered.
Everyone finished their entrees. One ordered the bass and one ordered salmon. Another ordered the NY Strip as well and he finished his first. The portions of the entrees were not obnoxiously big or too petite. It was just right for a 3 course meal. Dessert: I looked forward to this the most, but alas, the appetizer was my favorite course. That's because I didnt order the apple fritters!!!!!
Luckily my friend ordered it, it came out looking like fried donut holes! I got a bite and was in love. Fluffy, with sugar, and gooey apple inside. Better than my apple pies out of the oven. My cranberry upside down cake was sort of rustic and dry. The goat cheese ice cream was not kidding! It really tasted like goat cheese. I had half the chocolate orange tart of his and the chocolate was creamy and the tart was ok. I think they wanted the chocolate to stand out more. Not bad. With a couple of drinks per person, our bill came out to about $50 per person. I thought it was a great price for the amount of food and lovely experience. I was really pleased that they didnt automatically add gratuity in there. The waiters had to run up from the kitchen downstairs to deliver our food. They were all breathless to keep the food warm and they were all in good running shape.The food (and truffle oil popcorn) was delicious, although the salmon portion was a bit small and the filet mignon, while cooked to perfection, could have been hotter. The waiter was very nice but not overly attentive. We also had to wait 15-20 minutes for a bottle of white wine to be chilled, which we thought was rather odd. The place is pretty noisy but we did enjoy our meal very much and we were certainly not rushed.I've been to this place several times for lunch and happy hour. The popcorn is to die for. At lunch, I'm a big fan of the three-course lunch trays. Tons of food, and a good variety to choose from. Everything is always delicious. I'm Particularly fond of the superfood salad and the burger. The drinks at happy hour are good too. Last time I ate here, I left the receipt on the table. I was pretty bummed out because I wanted to get reimbursed from my work since it was a business lunch. I called the restaurant, and they emailed me the receipt. Great service!In town from Florida and staying at the Westin, this place was close to our hotel. I got the breakfast sandwich and it was fantastic,l. Everything coming out of the kitchen looked fantastic.I ate here with family for breakfast a couple of times and the food was good.  I came here with a friend to celebrate my birthday and the food was good but overpriced.  I got a torte with ice cream which was okay but it was nice how the chef wrote "Happy Birthday Amy!" with chocolate sauce. I would come back again but maybe for lunch or breakfast.Food: 4 stars
Ambiance: 4 stars
Location: 4 stars
Service: 4 stars
Price: 4 stars
Recommendations:  Square 1682 (found adjacent to the Hotel Palomar) is a wonderful restaurant to go on a date for dinner and drinks.  My girlfriend and I shared 2 starters and 2 entrees coupled with their innovative drinks, made for a great night.  I would highly recommend the NY Strip, Pork Chop, and Bacon Wrapped Dates (if you like the texture of dates).  The ambiance is well done and the experience was great.
By the way, if you are from out of town or looking to stay in Center City, I would highly recommend the Hotel Palomar.  Its definitely one of many hotels in the chain of Palomars that does not disappoint
(See my Hotel Palomar Seattle Review)
Overall: 4 starsThe breakfast here was delicious, with perfectly done eggs to order (siracha sauce!), surprisingly good sausage, and fresh multigrain toast with super fresh strawberry jam.  Service was slow, but staff was very personable and friendly.omigosh, SO good! Two girlfriends and I stopped in on a Saturday night for a late dinner. It was Restaurant Week, but we chose to order from the regular menu. I am glad we did. We started with the truffle popcorn (of course - free with check in) which we could not get enough of; too bad it wasn't bottomless. We shared the Bacon Wrapped Dates starter (there are six that are provided). I had the Lancaster Duck Two Ways (picture provided). I was dreaming about the rosemary potato galette for a week. The whole dish was great. 
Props to our server, Chip for being friendly and knowledgeable. He was living the dream that night! 
My friends ordered Custom Blend Burger and Filet Mignon. Like good children, we ate everything on our plates.Overall - the food was excellent!!! We ordered the grilled octopus and the mussels to start, both were so flavorful and delicious! I ordered the short rib and it was melt in your mouth delicious, my friend ordered the mushroom tart, it was great but a little too much crust/breaking. Food was outstanding even though we didn't know who our server was and felt neglected the whole evening. Definitely worth the food - since our service sucked we didn't have time for dessert (whatchu gonna do without dessert??)I love that there is a place in the city, that is not my apartment, where I can have my dog and a mimosa at the same time. 
The doggie brunch menu is actually ridiculously legit.  My little Tripp monster ordered the entree with the fried egg on top of it and I was almost jealous of him.
My entree did leave a bit to be desired.  Ordered the egg white breakfast wrap and thought it was a little bland.  But on the positive side, the parmesan garlic fries and the blood orange mimosa pitcher were winners.
Our waitress was great and super great with the pups at our table.  Would come again for this fun summer outing and possibly take a stab at the creme brulee french toast.Preface: This is a Restaurant Week Review
Although Square 1682 was a pleasant restaurant week experience on the whole and delivered on atmosphere with its warm lighting, cork ceilings and modern earth toned wood fixtures. The chinks in that well polished armor Square 1682 sports became apparent as the evening wore on. Lets begin where the meal ended, shall we?
No one likes to have the last impression of a restaurant to be poor. Sadly, this was exactly the case at Square 1682. Nearly every dessert on the restaurant week pre-fixed menu fell short in some small way. Be it ice crystals in the gelato, a pet-peeve of one of my dining associates, to the Caffe con Leche Panna Cotta with steamed milk and an almond-cinnamon biscotti  which was an improvement in the desert spectrum yet carried with it its own fallacies, namely a muted flavor; but this may have been due to the fact that I was drinking a very respectable cappuccino with a mocha flavored dessert. The Apple Cider Fritters with madagascar vanilla bean ice cream and apple cider caramel won out as the best confection in my book. Though deemed too sweet by some in my party, which was true, I found them a perfect with my aforementioned cappuccino. The cinnamon and sugar married well with apple - a welcome update to a classic. Also, an honorable mention should be made to the great biscotti served along side Panna Cotta, they were crisp and yet not in the least stale - a grand accompaniment for the  cappuccino as well. 
As for the main course, well - all I can attest to is that the fish and chips were a grandiose disappointment. Toro was used in place of chips, which only added to the surprising lacking favor. If it were not for the dipping sauces the dish would have had no flavor what-so-ever. I will admit that the dish was not in the least greasy nor was the fish over cooked. It was simply a blank canvas when it came to the flavor profile of the dish as a whole. My dining companions had good things to say about the goat chili and bad things to day about the Lobster Paella but as I did not partake I will refrain from judging.
Finally, there was the creme de la creme of the meal - the appetizer, particularly, the rock octopus with thinly sliced artichoke in a lemon olive oil dressing. This was without a doubt the best part of the meal. The flavors of the dish were harmonious and the texture of the octopus was done just right - resilient but not tough. In fact, I would  be on the merit on this dish alone that I would return to Square 1682.
So, if you find yourself one night sitting in 1682 wondering how to start your meal - heed my advice and get the octopus, then consider getting a drink and hitting the road.Great breakfast coupled with attentive service! Menu for breakfast was different; yet, still had breakfast staples.....steel-cut oatmeal, greek yogurt and fruit...healthy and delicious!Square 1682 was kind of loud inside (I was there around 7:00), but the food and service were excellent. As a vegan who is also a very picky eater, I often have difficulty finding restaurants to eat at--especially when looking for ones to accommodate others as well. However, the spring lentil stew (lentils with snap peas, summer squash, green bans, asparagus, tomatoes, and probably other vegetables in a spicy chimicurri sauce) was great. My parents ordered the filet mignon, which they both enjoyed as well.Pretty tasty cocktails. The French toast with eggs and sausage on the brunch menu was ok, I enjoyed the sausage and eggs much more than the French toast which I found a little dry.  But the 4 star rating is largely due to the slamming cheese grits!  The were perfect!  Creamy and cheesy without being too greasy or chewy. The staff is super friendly too.  I asked for a cocktail they weren't familiar with and the waitress and bartender were sweet enough to look up the drink instead of just telling me no.  Unfortunately the bar didn't have the necessary ingredients but I appreciated their efforts and will definitely be back when I'm back in town!I thought I'd love this place, but I was wrong!  My partner and I had brunch today with his youngest sister.  We had a great time catching up and spending time together, but I didn't care for the food/service at all.  The service at best was slow.  Maybe I'm being too picky, but I ordered an iced coffee .... I like Kimpton's.  I think their nice.  Nicer than a DD's, right?  They put the milk in it!  Um, do you know how I like my iced coffee?  No.  Just bring me some milk with my IC!  Whatever, I got over it....  I had the Huevos Rancheros and it was BLAND, BLAND, BLAND!!!  Just not a good experience.  I may try it one more time, but def not for brunch.Recently stayed at the Palomar and had breakfast the next day at Square 1682!  Loved the hotel with comfy beds and lovely amenities!  Great to had free happy hour every day at 5:00!  Lobby smells delicious as they have a "scentair" machine that fills the air with cinnamony goodness!  Also in the am there is complimentary coffee, tea, hot chocolate and I enjoyed the hot chocolate with bacon and chocolate shavings in it! Sounds odd, but was funkaliscious!  Breakfast the next day was a delight! Bloody Mary was spicy good, and the poached eggs over biscuits was to die for!  Even the cups and plates were fun to look at!  Loved it and want return ASAP!Received a hand written letter from the bartender inviting us back to have drinks me. As nice and appreciated as the gesture is (and extremely classy), it'll be a while before we head back. Definitely have to respect the bartender and the management for doing that. Classy.I'll start by saying that, yes, this is a nice place.  I can't fault them just because I'm not the kind of person who likes to pay $10 for a drink.  Some people are into that.  
I went here to see how they'd revamped the old AIA bookstore into a booze store.  Very nice.  But it's dark and cramped and pricey.  Not inviting like a place you'd frequent, but maybe like a place where you'd have a drink before dinner.  It's a hotel bar, definitely.  I don't think I'll be going back, but it was great to see what they did with the space.Had a breakfast here (as Kimpton guests), which was the worst hotel breakfast we've experienced ever. 
As we walked in no any kind of greetings or smile, just a  sit where you want gesture.
Had: a) BEET ME (a small glass of supposedly beet, carrot, ginger and cilantro raw juice, which in reality was filled with 2 huge cylinders of ice taking the 2/3 of the space in a glass and the rest of the space was filled with UNDRINKABLE mess of awfully tasted beet and ginger juice with nowhere found carrot or cilantro flavor). And this is coming from the person who LOVES raw juices and familiar with many flavors of them. Otherwise why would I ordered this mess for the price of the $9 ?!?! for THIS??? 
         b) Supermarket quality bagel and Croissant with the slice of Philadelphia Cream Cheese bought in some of those Warehouses (like BJ'S or Sam's, no condiments like jams or jellies coming with them) for $4 each?!
         c) 2 cups of not good tasting coffee (no milk until asked, no refills offered) for $4 each?!
And then comes the question from the waitress "How did you like it?"
Well, she received our honest opinion about how we liked it, and after hearing it, said with of course an attitude: "If you didn't like it you don't have to pay for it", which actually was the only positive (and I would say fare) part of our experience in this place. Paying about $30 for a minimal breakfast for 2 should include much more hospitality, taste and satisfaction than was offered to us here.Got snowed in at the Palomar while attending the Flower Show and dined more often than expected at its Square 1682 restaurant - several breakfasts, lunches and dinners. All very good with really great service all around. A very caring and personalized service establishment from the greeters to the "expediter" chef who saw to it that the open kitchen offerings reached your table fast and hot. Gladly dealt with shared dinners, etc. Hot tea and cookies by the lobby fire on a cold afternoon that wasn't on any menu. Couldn't have asked for more. Great place.I really wanted to like Square 1682.  It was on Philly Mag's Top 50 restaurants, a list that I have been dutifully checking off every weekend.
The ambiance in the restaurant, which feels a little like a dimly lit loft, is nice.  The wait staff are quite attentive and friendly.
And the food...well...it isn't bad.  Kind of like an okay gastropub.  I didn't get anything that was badly cooked or just totally didn't work, there was just nothing particularly memorable or amazing.
The burger was pretty standard pub fare...better than you'd get at Five Guys, but nothing near as good as at the top burger places in Philly (Pub and Kitchen and Village Whiskey are my two favorites.)
Okay place to come for a bite and drinks, but I wouldn't make a special trip for it.3.5 stars
Came here for dinner on a Saturday night. Being that it was a bachelorette dinner, we got our own private room which was nice. The server was great and was very attentive. He wasn't lingering in the room but always came just in time to refill drinks and check up on us. The restaurant itself was trendy and had a nice atmosphere
We got complimentary Truffle Popcorn (truffle butter, citric salt) which was pretty addicting. 
Appetizers:
1) Lemon Scented Hummus with herb & garlic naan bread
2) Charred Octopus (garlic & lemon marinated artichokes, olive oil)
both were pretty good. The hummus wasn't too bad considering it was an American restaurant (sorry... hummus snob here)
Entree:
Seared Salmon (with port wine braised red cabbage, bacon lardons): it was cooked pretty well and the portion was perfect.
Dessert:
Caramel Popcorn Panna Cotta (with sea salt, popcorn dust) - my friend had ordered it & I had to take a bite out of curiosity. It was surprisingly good!
Drinks:
1) Persephone (Appleton V/X rum, pomegranate juice, lime juice, agave nectar, muddled jalapenos & mint): a bit too sweet for my taste
2) Blue Sage (Milagro Silver tequila, muddled blueberries, sage leaves, coconut sugar, lime juice): the best drink of the night
3) Philly Love: was similar to a mimosa which was light and crisp.
The food itself was decent and the experience was great. We had gone downstairs to the bar once we were done with our meal. It was definitely a typical hotel bar as far as the crowd (older crowd, most likely people who were staying at the hotel).First time at this restaurant, everything was perfect, we had the Amish chicken and the duck two ways with breast and confit, as well as oysters and beet salad. The chef really gets how to do vegetables, not over done, great flavor and stand up texture. We shared the carrot cake with rhubarb at the end and again a great presentation. The rhubarb still had a little crunch to it and it was delicious.We had our new years day brunch here.  It was wonderful.  The process of getting seated seems very formal and high maintenance (and almost a bit comical), but its only because they really do want to give you a good experience.  We each had a bloody mary...they were perfect.  I had the Eggs Cochon De Lait (soft-poached eggs, buttermilk biscuits, shredded pork confit, mushroom ragout, bourbon-bacon hollandaise).  Yes, that's bourbon-bacon hollandaise.  In normal people terms this was a pulled pork eggs benedict.  Wow.  It was delicious!  My husband had the Wild Huckleberry Pain Perdu (creme brulee french toast, walnuts, & bourbon creme fraiche).  It had TONS of fresh berries on it.  He loved it!  Both fancy dish names were worth butchering during our ordering process to get to try them.  Also, service was over the top good.  Our waitress was really sweet.  This place could easily be misinterpreted as stuffy....it's not.This review only reflects their brunch.  Everyone's food was fine-- Roasted Chicken Salad on Multigrain made me a chicken salad believer.  Pulled pork sandwich with sweet potato fries was enjoyed, but quite greasy.  The rest of our group had eggs and no complaints.  However, our complaint was with the service.  We had a young woman who seemed nice enough and was apparently training another employee as he was following her around in silence.  It took us 15 minutes to get cocktails.  20 minutes to order.  Also, everyone that got coffee had to repeatedly ask for cream and sweetener and we didn't actually receive it until the tail end of the meal.  The brunch in general was taking much longer than anticipated and we had 3 gals from NYC that needed to catch a train.  We had intended on drinking more to ease their travels, but the inefficient service made that impossible.We were staying at the hotel and had dinner here...best decision we could've done! Service was excellent, if u can, sit at Angela's table. She was great!!  Soup of the day-cauliflower broccoli bacon mushroom...delicious! Burger was amazing, the cheese mushrooms and special sauce, just perfect! And the truffle popcorn was addictive!! I will not be able to eat any other popcorn now because of them!My friend and I came here on a Sunday night after dinner for a night cap.  The vibe here on a Sunday was very mellow and relaxed. The drinks were standard/nothing fancy but the space is really nice and a great location for a quiet group or intimate gathering. The staff here was very friendly and even allowed us to use their plug to charge our phones.i enjoyed my dining experience here quite a bit.   its very chic and fun, the food was plated gorgeously and the waitress was sweet and not overbearing.  
the quality of food was good, but not AMAZING.  some of the plates were a little bland, and the chocolate dessert was pretty gross. i am a chocolate fanatic and i was pretty unimpressed by the dessert selections.  the appetizers made up for it though.  the lobster tacos were yummy, and the lobster pot pie was pretty innovative and tasty.  the scallop was ok - i like bigger, juicier scallops, but this dish offered one dinky scallop. 
if i were to come back, id suggest ordering many small plates to share instead of the entrees. they were much more fun and tasty.  but there are so many great restaurants to try in philly, so in total, id probably give square 1682 a 3.5 instead of a 4. but yelp doesnt do half stars, so  ill be generous and round up!This is probably the worst restaurant I've ever been to. The food was sub par and everything was expensive and not fresh at all. My girlfriend ordered a steak medium rare, when the steak came it was super cold and cooked way more than she wanted it. I asked them to give her a new steak and their first reaction was, " we can warm it up". And i finally demanded a new steak to be ordered. When that steak came the second time, it was just as cold. The steak was not even steaming or anything. First of all, whenever you order a steak, it should be steaming coming right off the grill and it was anything but that. Absolutely terrible restaurant. Please save yourself the trouble and just avoid this place at all costs.What a joke!  First of let me say I am a graphic artist so I am temperamentally open to the idea of "food as art" but the food has better totally rock if they're going to give you tiny little portions like they are all that.  Got a multi course tasting menu on a groupon or something for $60 a couple.  First course two skinny little slices of beet with about a 1/4 tsp of goat cheese in the middle...Beet Napolean!  Two other similar courses not really even that special taste wise and a total ego ride rip off.  Fourth course was so flooded with that pre-chopped garlic you can buy at the Acme that, that was all I tasted until two days later.  Check came and they had added a tip of 20% to the "actual value" of $145 adding another $30 to our check.  This was a rip off at the price we paid for the coupon.  At $145 they'd have had a revolution on their hands.  Please don't go there and support this guy.  Better off anywhere else.This review is based on my recent visit during their happy hour, and thus I do not have direct experience with dining here are a fully meal diner. Their happy hour food list if somewhat limited, but certainly satisfying. You can combine the sliders, for example, to include both vegetarian and meat items. But based on what I saw during seated at the bar, and the quality of the items served, I would recommend not only the happy hour menu, but most likely the menu itself. The bartender was friendly and attentive, as was the restaurant host. This was like the staff at the associated Kimpton Hotel (Palomar), where they always seem pleased to see you, and are highly professional. Definitely I would come back again.Had a business event in Philadelphia this past Sunday and Monday and decided to stay at the Hotel Palomar near Rittenhouse Square.
The Hotel itself was fine.  Nice staff, clean room and being it's a boutique hotel. it doesn't take a hike to get from the elevator to your hotel room.  
What will keep me from staying at the Palomar Philadelphia in the future is Square 1682.  While the staff is more than nice, the food itself was horrid, and just one waiter working during Monday breakfast ( ~ 8 am) made a coffee refill wishful thinking.
Let me take a step back.
I arrived at the Hotel Palomar on Sunday around 1 pm, checked in and came downstairs for a quick bite to eat before heading to the Convention Center.
The menu was somewhat sparse being a Brunch menu with a handful of lunch items.  I ordered a vegetable frittata (hold the cheese) with the house potatoes.  Oddly, the frittata did not come with toast, which is a bit odd for an egg entree.
However, the no toast wasn't the issue.  What was an issue was that the frittata came with a coat of grease over the top.  Because I was absolutely famished and had to get to meetings, I woofed it down.  The house potatoes on the other hand were simply inedible.  They were cold and laden in salt.  I took 3 bites and left the majority of the potatoes over.
The next morning I decided to play it safe and order 2 poached eggs, a toasted English muffin and instead of the potatoes, asked for a side of fruit.  I'm happy to say that my eggs were cooked to order (which is the only reason I'm giving this review 2 stars instead of 1).  As I previously mentioned, one waiter on duty for a Monday breakfast meant that service, while very friendly, was lacking.
My reason for choosing the Hotel Palomar over other hotels in the area was due to the very good reviews I read about Square 1682 online.  This includes the fact that they were the winner of the 2012 Open Table Diners Choice notation.
This frequent traveler isn't quite sure how.I was walking around downtown and I stumbled into this place. When I found out that the executive chef was a former classmate that's when I decided to go in. I had the burger which was good a nice mid rare and was drinking the 5 dollar drafts not bad. The burger was great I mean it's really hard to mess up a burger lol. I spent 40 total including tip which was what I expected from center city. I would definitely return cause it's always nice to support TRS alumni and over its not a bad place. I left with a nice buzz on to begin my Friday night. There tequila agave selection is pretty extensive and im a huge tequila fan. Good job chef and congrats.It's been a while since we've been here, but we recall excellent service that was very attentive. The brunch options were good and we all enjoyed our meal. The ambiance on the second floor was great for a small group. Great option if considering a quick brunch nearby the Sofitel or Westin.WAAAY overpriced, seriously mediocre, sad little place that takes itself way too seriously.  The decor is nice, but the food is bland (surprising, given how much they market their chef).  Everything is expensive, and even the chocolate desserts are bland (how do you screw up chocolate??).  With so many good restaurants in the area, I wouldn't recommend eating here even if you're staying in the hotel.Great food, convenient to Hotel Palomar.  Service is friendly and fast.  Chefs at lunch tend to 'mess up' but the server will correct it.  Ultimately food is great.  Had pork tenderloin that was best I ever had.  Great bacon wrapped dates as well.We were looking for a place to brunch in on a Saturday...of course everything had a wait time/line until we found this little spot through yelp, they did not disappoint! The staff was amazing! food was amazing! Always were asking if we needed anything and no wait time got seated right away, will be coming back!Stopped in here for some drinks. It's attached to the Kimpton. It was a nice hotel bar. The staff was friendly and attentive. We got a bottle of wine which as good and reasonably priced.I made a reservation for Square 1682 but, as I thought would be the case, it wasn't really necessary to book ahead, as this is a hotel restaurant and has ample seating. The hostess greeted me warmly and offered me a window seat, so some good people-watching with my eggs. I ordered the frittata of the day, with chicken sausage, broccoli, peppers, and cheese; it was HUGE, and cooked slightly beyond where I like them (it was a touch dry), but I managed to finish almost all of it. Breakfast potatoes were excellent, as was the coffee. I mean, the coffee was really, really good - unusual for a hotel dining room. Small quibble was that the sausage was rather bland, but then again, what can you expect from chicken sausage? The room is modern but manages to be warm as well, and my server was excellent. Overall, a good bet for brunch if you're in the Rittenhouse area.Went here for lunch today to meet with an old colleague and loved the atmosphere.  It was quiet enough to be able to have a nice conversation but definitely not empty - almost every table was full by 12:30 which makes me glad I made a reservation.  Our waiter was extremely nice and actually went out of his way to give recommendations and free truffle butter popcorn (which is to die for).  I got the superfood salad which was delicious and he got the salmon which he was talked into after the waiter suggested that the black bean quinoa burgers were a little dry.  I hope to come back soon and try more on the menuHorrible food and service. First off, they served our food 30/40 minutes late. So we were just sitting around until 30 minutes past they realize that they still hadn't even served us the popcorn appetizer. Anyways, the meals were horrible-not at all as described on the menu. The dessert afterwards (cookie and cappucino) were aweful. Cookie did not taste like a homemade cookie but a chunk of goo, and the cappucino was served in a tall mug and burning hot.Went for drinks and apps on a Monday night - not too busy, very quick and helpful service. The dinner menu lacked variety and was quite small which deterred us from dining there but overall it was a good experience- LOVED the truffle popcorn, definitely use the yelp coupon for it!Went with my BFF for lunch during Restaurant Week.  We were seated promptly and given a respectable complimentary bread basket.  They were out of calamari (which, based on reviews, seems to be a trend) so we both ended up starting with the petite jeweled salad.  It was quite nice, the carrots had a great flavour and it was lightly and perfectly dressed. 
She went with the seafood paella and I went with the salmon.  Much to her disappointment, the dish as described is not what arrived, as there were no mussels, oysters, or any seafood other than shrimp.  She liked the flavors, but did express her disappointment when the server came around to check on us.  The server very kindly comped her entire meal as a result, which was totally unexpected and is the reason for the 4th star.
The salmon was decent, but it was pretty salty as another reviewer mentioned, and I like salty.  It was also slightly more well-done than I would have preferred, but the rice and edamame it sat atop was quite delicious and I certainly ate all of it.  Desserts were panna cotta and the chocolate bar.  The chocolate bar was very good, but the "mint gelee" tasted like nothing.  Coconut crunch was a nice surprise.  The panna cotta was delicious and a very large serving.  My friend's comment was that it would be better if they had done a cold foam as opposed to putting steamed milk foam on top as it liquified some of the panna cotta and made it a little watery.
All in all, I probably wouldn't pay for a lunch there normally, but if I was in town on business and staying at the Hotel Palomar, I would be more than happy to have this convenient and decent dining option.BAR ONLY REVIEW:
If you enjoy the anonymity and slight melancholy of the "hotel bar" but wish to avoid the depressed palate induced by a second Heineken or mediocre Merlot, stop by this bar. The cocktails are inventive and meticulously made. Last night, I realized that this place has become one of my staples when I am in the mood for a good cocktail and bar snacks that are more complex, tasty, and filling than spiced nuts and marinated olives. I tend to frequent their late night happy hour. If you live in the area, stop in from 10p-midnight for reduced cocktails and half-price bar menu with selections spanning a burger with quail egg to masala calamari (the Yakitory--shrimp, beef, and chicken with three tasty condiments--is a steal). If you are a gin person, the range of innovative g-based cocktails will delight you. The cardamom pods in the Indian Summer bring me back to Zanzibar; my girlfriend loves the Grapefruit Vesper. I am decidedly not a tequila person (blame it on waking up to a weird guy serenading me with his guitar following a tequila-soaked Cancun evening), but on Cinco de Mayo the friendly bar-tender convinced me to sample the Nectar Margarita (made with agave nectar) and I ended up ordering a second. 
All of the bar tenders I've met are skilled and never sloppy, even on busy nights. I am a sucker for the electro-lounge music backdrop to quiet conversations all around. The crowd is a mix of 30-somethings and hotel guests sitting alone. Bring a book if *you* go alone and want to avoid chatting with lonely businesspeople nursing a third drink. 
Worth a try if you are wandering around looking for a quality (and reasonably priced) cocktail. Less likely to be packed on weekend nights, too. Some of the best drinks in the Rittenhouse vicinity. I would think it would be a great place to meet up for a first date or OKCupid adventure, though I am out of that game.Ate here with my wife on Christmas Eve.  Atmosphere was great but the food was exceptional.  We had the scallops, octopus, and the rib eye.  The steak had the best flavor and was cooked to perfection.  It was even presented beautifully and the chef came out to ask us if everything came out to our liking.  We'll be back in the vey near future.  Great dinner and top notch service.Slow slow service.  Sometimes they forgot things.  Granted, I went during DNC + lunch time.
The food during lunch was delicious.  My entire table got the set course meals and everything was good.  There was a lot of food.
Previously, I went for dinner and I was underwhelmed with the dinner food.  It was expensive and salty.The food was fine and the service was acceptable but the front of house service was terrible. While having a coffee at the restaurant during the day (I was staying at the hotel), I informed the manager, John, I was planning on bringing a group of 8 later that evening - he enthusiastically told me he was looking forward to it and we agreed on an area off to the side large enough to accommodate us where he said he would put reserved signs. 
Two of us showed up at 7:30pm and three more, including myself, at 7:40pm and the area we agreed upon was seated with two separate families. As we waited at the bar, I thought nothing of the occupied tables beyond they must be taking longer than he expected. Cut to 20 minutes later as two more of our party shows up as one of the tables is just getting their food. I asked John about it and he told me the folks at that tabled showed up right before we got there and that was it, no apology, no mention of the reserved signs or any sort of attempt to rectify the situation. 
Seven of us squeezed into a small area and ordered apps as we waited for the table to finally clear out 45 mins later. The waitress was sweet and understanding but we didn't get as much as an apology nor the slightest acknowledgment from the manager that he didn't follow through on what he said. 
Sad. 
ALSO: I made a reservation on Open Table that was cancelled 1 hr AFTER we arrived for some reason - I can only imagine it was so that I didn't leave a review similar to the above.I really wanted to like this restaurant so I gave it two tries.  Me thinks this was two tries too many.  On my first visit I selected two veggie side dishes:  roasted brussel sprouts and the braised collard greens  and the chicken leg and thigh confit as the entree.  The basic prep for both veggies was the same: bacon and some kraut.  The brussel sprouts were raw and certainly not roasted.  The chicken leg and thigh confit dish was a disaster:  the base for this was a biscuit cut in two.  The dry and overcooked pressed chicken was put on top and covered in the "thyme" reduction.  I cannot say I tasted thyme.  The sauce was far too salty and that's all I tasted.  No one seemed to care that I barely touched the chicken dish.  
On my second trip I selected the grilled asparagus and selected the halibut on yucca "frites."  The asparagus were very tiny - again tasted like they were cooked using the same sauce/spices as the asparagus/collard greens.  The halibut was tiny, tiny, tiny - likely 2-oz cooked and it was OVERCOOKED.  The best part of the dish were the yucca frites.  Service annoyed me no end on this visit because the couple seated to my left were newlyweds.  The server fawned over them and completely ignored me.  If you want great food and service don't waste your time or money here go two doors down to Davios.  I promise you will have a terrific experience!Great spot for lunch - I come here a lot with coworkers for lunch. The food is always amazing and they are always able to seat us right away. Not to mention they bring you free truffle popcorn while you wait for your meals. They have a decent lunch selection with a different special food item for a specific day of the week. I almost always get their 1682 burger. Their fries are always crunchy. 
They also have gluten free bread!Service here is the worst. We waited forever for a server to take our order when there are about 10 people standing around doing absolutely nothing. After we proceeded to finish our food the manager kept looking over at our table while we patiently waited for our check but did absolutely nothing to help his staff out and check us out. We came to this restaurant because we were staying at the hotel but this was clearly a mistake.Just got back from having brunch at Square 1682. The bartender on during brunch was probably one of the worst I've ever come across. Sat down with friends who had arrived earlier and waited a full 10 minutes before the bartender even acknowledged my presence, and there were exactly TWO OTHER PEOPLE AT THE BAR! When our table was finally ready, it took another ten minutes for the bartender to finally re-appear so we could settle our bar check and take our table. The food was very good, my friends had the 'cheesesteak' and I had the Eggs Cochon, both were very good. Service at the table was acceptable, but the waiter did seem to vanish for long periods of time, an all to common problem at this establishment.
Brunch food here is good, but next time we'll go somewhere that has better service than this slipshod operation.Having heard many good things about the Hotel Palomar, and agreeing with my stomach when my eyes read their Restaurant Week menu, I expected much better from Square 1682. 
I was surprised that very few people were in the upstairs dining area at 1pm. They were out of the one thing my friend wanted, the calamari. The food was delicious. The chef blended the flavors so nicely, with a hint of the spices used to entice my nose. 
The service on the other hand was mediocre. The table next to us received every course before we did, though we had ordered almost 20min before they arrived. A slight botch on the dessert, but quickly switched. 
If I were staying at the Hotel Palomar, I'd eat at Square 1682. The bar looked well stocked and the atmosphere was just right for this corner restaurant.I wish that restaurants understood the importance of good customer service, Square 1682 does not. Last month I dined here for my boyfriend's birthday dinner and upon clearing our dinner plates, the assistant manager dropped a piece of truffle duck egg from my dinner plate onto my boot, ruining the leather boot.  He apologized and brought club soda but did not offer to comp our dinner or reimburse me for the expensive pair of boots. He ruined my boots and all I got was club soda.
My boyfriend called shortly after and asked to speak with a manager.  The manager said he would send us an "Incident Report" to complete and see what he could do about offering some form of reimbursement. He said he would call back and email us the form, he did not do either. My boyfriend has since called 3 times and every time the "manager is not available, I'll have them call you" but not a single person has been able to assist us, send us the form, or call us back to explain why we are being ignored.
I wish I could write a nice review of the food and ambiance of this place but I will not be doing that until I hear back from the manager.  If I hear back from them soon then I'll be back to update my review.  Until then, avoid this place and go to R2L.Me and my wife came here recently and had a mostly positive experience. I had the filet mignon, and my meal was excellent. However, with my wife's meal, she ordered the scallops, and the portion was really really light. The waitress did a good job at the beginning warning us of the smaller portion size for the oysters, but we felt like she should've done the same for the scallops.Some coworkers and I ate here for lunch this week. Luckily we got there before Noon because it filled up pretty quickly. The service was well above average. Our waitress was attentive and knowledgeable, but no one really seemed thrilled to be working there.
The food was just OK. The lunch menu is small and offers unique items as well as chic upgrades on classics, such as ($15-17) burgers. The entrée portions are generous and plate presentation looked nice.
The complimentary truffle popcorn was possibly the most flavorful thing I ate here. I tried the bacon-wrapped dates. They were yummy, but honestly I couldn't taste much besides the bacon...and I got them because of the goat cheese (where was it?). I also tried the crab and avocado toast (the sourdough was perfect), and had the black bean burger lunch combo.
The "burger" itself had a great flavor, but it was a tad dry and completely fell apart. I ate most of it with a fork. (Someone else got the same thing and his was fine, so maybe mine was a fluke.) It was served with fried zucchini, which was so greasy I couldn't finish it. The dipping sauce was nondescript and bland. I chose the soup of the day as my starter, which was carrot gazpacho -- not bad, definitely interesting...but a little strange as a gazpacho, in my opinion. The cookie of the day was oatmeal chocolate chip. It was huge and soft, but not very exciting...the flavor was missing something.
Just a head's up: the restrooms are not inside the restaurant. You go out a side door, up the stairs, on to another floor in the building...and then you have to remember which unmarked door to go back through. It was a little odd.
Given the opportunity to return, I would likely request we try somewhere else, but I can't say it was all bad. Overall our experience was positive, I just think some tweaking of recipes might be needed.I should start by mentioning that when I brunched here, I was super hungover and definitely a little drunk still. Oops. 
The highlight of the meal was the waitstaff, especially Jason (it was his last day of training, so good luck to him!). Everyone was very nice and tried to have conversations with us, even though I wasn't in the best state to be having them. 
I'm giving four stars because the portions are too small for my liking. I ordered the farro chili, which also had cubes of tempeh in it. It was definitely flavorful and full of spices like a chili should have, but the amount served for $14 was tiny. Thank goodness I also ordered a side a breakfast potatoes, otherwise my post-booze tummy would've been very unhappy. 
Last thing I'll mention are the bathrooms. You actually have to take the elevators up to the second floor and walk down a very dark hallway to get to them. And still bring a little tipsy, that was disorienting, haha.Terrible service all around. The tables are oddly set up - you either have a high top or you're sitting on a makeshift Parisienne café mini table. The hostess was rude, the waitress had no clue about the drink menu and served my fiancé a Manhattan without asking for a preference on or off the rocks. Giving it three stars because we decided not to stay and eat.A surprise gem at a fabulous hotel!
The service, drinks and ambiance were everything. Food was served hot and portions were large. I had pork served with kale and cheese grits (that were better than my grandfather's). My hubs had lamb served over quinoa. Delish!!I dined here on restaurant week with a friend. So for our appetizers we ordered the Charred Octopus w/braised white beans, garlic, spinach and the dipping trio: hummus, baba ganoush, almond red pepper, spread, and toasted breads. The Octopus tasted fishy and not fresh. For our Main Courses we chose the Pan Roasted Shrimp with
ancho chili romesco, handmade spinach fettuccini, soubise & Pork Tenderloin
butternut squash risotto, apple chutney, demi glace. Everything on my shrimp dinner tasted like garlic, the shrimp were tiny and the fettuccini - tasteless. My friends's risotto was undercooked and the pork tenderlion was forgettable. Dessert Time...we both ordered the French Pear Tart almond pastry cream pear bourbon sorbet. Finally, I can say I enjoyed something - the pear bourbon sorbet - cause the Tart was surely popped out of a box and plopped on our plates. Overall I wonder if they were just offering substandard menu choices because it was restaurant week & we were only paying restaurant week prices. Hope not, RW is a great way to find permanent spots to dine at. But this experience soured me on Square 1682. We won't be returning.We stayed at the Kimpton Palomar hotel in Philidelphia for a weekend getaway and decided to try this place out. We were able to make a reservation for breakfast with no wait at all. The menu was small however everything on the menu appealed to the eye. My boyfriend had the porridge an I had the blueberry pancakes. Everything was wonderful including the service. We were able to add the bill to our hotel tab which was nice. However I will say it was a bit pricey for my liking, but I still might come to this spot again the next time I'm in town.DO NOT get the shrimp and grits on the brunch menu.  It was tasteless and watery. I dumped an entire cup of hot sauce in it just to add some flavor.
My friend ordered the frittata, which was made pretty decently, so if you must go there for brunch, stick to that instead.The food was very good.  I had olive oil poached Halibut, it was a bit over cooked and the piece of fish had kind of fallen apart but I can be a tough critic.   My husband had the duck, quail egg, lobster entree-he was in heaven.
The cider donut dessert was outstanding and saved the meal.  The ice cream, I am guessing, is home made, because it wasn't very good-very icy and flavorless.
Other guests in our party were very upset that they didn't have any salads on the menu.  They did have a 'heavy' romaine salad (bacon, blue cheese, egg...) but didn't offer to make a simpler salad to make them happy.
The reason I gave them a 3-star rating is because the service was not up-to-par with the meal-otherwise, I would have given this a 4-star rating.  The server CONTINUALLY interupted us and was a little lack-luster.  Said the sauce that accompanied the calamari was' they're version of marinara sauce but it was difficult to explain what was in it'. WHAT!?!  She also hardly gave us a chance to look at the menu and asked repeatedly if we were ready to order---without telling us about the specials.  She also asked if we were ready to order dessert and/or coffee without bringing us any dessert menus.  I'm not sure if I would have preferred being ignored or interupted.  Otherwise, it was a delightful experience.I headed to Square 1682 for a business lunch today and it was perfect. The service was a touch slow as we came in right in at noon, but after the hostess showed up the waiters were great.
My coworker and I both got the lunch special ($16.82, cute) and it was a phenomenal deal. The braised pork sandwich ($14 by itself) was amazing, the special soup of the day ($11 alone) was unique and delicious and the chocolate chip cookie was the perfect dessert. I'll be going back.Slow service due to their being shorthanded on a Saturday morning (hence 3 stars instead of 4) but the food was great and the kind of food and atmosphere I would expect from a Kimpton.I loved the feel and atmosphere of this place!
I was looking for a place for dinner in the area and this was great! The wine is a little over priced but the beer in on point! We started with stuffed figs and beef tartar. It was delicious!
Very flavorful and fresh! For dinner we ordered the Branzino and grilled octopus. The Branzino was great and the sauce that accompanied it was nice and light. The octopus had room for improvement. They paired that with blood oranges and it over powered the octopus. The preparation was great but the sauce needed to go. 
I also didn't care for the policy that you had to sit at specific tables for happy hour. We were already in the bar at a hightopOver-priced and mediocre service. The food is okay, but definitely not worth what you're paying for it. 4 stars for ambiance; it's very nice and cozy. The building is LEED certified (environmentally friendly).My wife and I had dinner at Square 1682 before attending a show at the Kimmel Center and we greatly enjoyed our experience.  The Hostess was quick to welcome us with a smile and quickly asked if we'd like our coats checked.  Once seated we were asked what type of water we'd like (not that this mattered to us, but it was nice to have the choice), and were given our menu's and the specials for the day.  The Waiter was more than pleasant and we ended up having a great discussion and felt like we knew him after a short conversation, I believe his name was Bob.  So the service was beyond what I had expected.  
The food was fantastic tasting.  I had the Filet while my wife had the shrimp meal.  I honestly believe that my filet was UNDER-priced.  It was cooked perfectly to my liking (medium rare) and was very tender, also a good size.  My wife's meal was also very delicious, but it was very small.  I believe there were only 5 or 6 shrimp.  I understand the difference in dining philosophies in the world vs. america (small flavorful meals vs. large crap meals) but this seemed far too small to both of us based on the price of the meal.  It would have made an amazing appetizer.
Overall I would highly recommend this restaurant to friends, but maybe ask about portion size before ordering.Cool vibe, good food, great drinks, nice service. I was very skeptical of coming here b/c of it's 3.5 star rating and location in a hotel lobby, both of which we usually try to stay away from. But then my man Beef Cheeks threatened to end my existence so the 5 of us came here for dinner and sat at a long high table by the kitchen. We started off with the awesome hummus duo app which consisted of sweet pea hummus and artichoke hummus with pita and toasted breads and the fresh ricotta, citrus, and pickled beets salad. Loved the creativity of both hummus's. For entrees, we had the vegetable linguine and salmon with fennel and citrus. The salmon was outstanding. The linguine was decent but could have used a bit more flavor. Overall, very nice spot to come with a group or even on a date. My preconceived notion was way off.This place is classy and trendy and i REALLY enjoyed it. I went last wk with some friends and returned just two days later when my twin sis was in town. I think it's going to become one of my regular stomping grounds :) 
the bartenders are charming and very observant and i was really impressed. i tried the cure royal and also the pomegrante mojiot and both were fantastic! 
I think the wines by the glass list could REALLY use some improvement but other than that im a new big fan of square 1682. 
the truffle popcorn is a perfect pair with drinks be sure to try it you wont be disappointed! 
buon appetito :)Stopped by with a friend for happy hour on a beautiful Monday evening. For those times you get out of work a little early, Square 1682 is great because HH starts at 4, not 5! But on the downside, it ends at 6...so that's pretty lame (and inconvenient for most of us working folks) We were hoping to sit outside (we didn't know if HH was offered outside) but it looked like their outdoor tables weren't even set up? Weird, because the weather was gorgeous. Either way, we sat at the bar and our cocktails were great!! Mine was a really refreshing cucumber drink. My friend got a mint julep, adorably served in a stainless steal cup with plenty of fresh mint. Each was $7, which was great in my mind. The truffle popcorn was only OK - I smelled the truffle, but didn't taste too much of it. I would definitely come back though!Well this a great option for a quick business lunch in the city, however, before they had the upstairs open with tons of seating but apparently that has closed so we were squished near the front entrance and some small tables were pushed together for us. Not a huge deal, but being near the door when it was hot, humid and rainy out wasn't too great. Also, there were a lot of random flies?
So the food is actually pretty great. I was there with four guys from work and everyone enjoyed everything they ordered (pictures attached). I got the spinach salad with Amish chicken and it had awesome light dressing and TONS of flavor, the chicken was pretty good too but parts of it were a tad dry. We ordered the calamari to split between the 5 of us and it was plenty. It was light and crispy and flavorful, the sauce it came with was awesome! We also split the cookie, and it was super chocolatey, and kind of soft, so pretty good! I do love that they leave the water container at the table so we could refill it ourselves. The waiter we had seemed slightly distracted, and a little confused, but maybe it was the bad weather! Our food came out really fast too...during lunch rush!
Overall great place if you get a normal table, with lots awesome options and pretty good prices for the quality of food!Walked out after sitting in a virtually empty restaurant without service for nearly 10 minutes. I finally flagged down a waiter who came up to the table and asked "what do you need?" Rudely. Ahhh how about a menu? Service? Politeness? We realized then what we needed was to leave that God Awful place and find somewhere else to brunch (we went to Devon's)--not a great intro to the  Philly brunch scene.Highly recommended for a weekend brunch date! Trendy atmosphere, not too crowded, attentive service, fresh ingredients and overall great meal!  First of all the Bloody Mary was amazing. Spiced just like I love it. I had the short rib hash. The ingredients were very fresh, I highly recommend this dish. Let me turn this over to my beautiful GF to describe her dish. :) I ordered the breakfast sandwich. Brioche bun, avocado, egg, bacon, with a side salad-what more could you want?!  Go here for brunch!!We visited Square 1682 at 1:30pm for lunch on Friday of restaurant week.  It was not very crowded, which was good because the tables were practically on top of one another.  Besides the close seating the place was nice and comfortable while still feeling trendy.  The plates and mugs were pretty cool too - oblong shapes and interesting designs.
For apps, we split the lemon hummus and the petit salad.  I was bummed that the roasted squash soup that I saw on the online menu didn't make any reference to it having lobster in it.  Bummer.  The salad was boring.  The dressing was sweet and pleasant but other meh.  The hummus was delicious and the presentation in a glass jar with lemons was particularly attractive.  And I loved that there was a good amount of pita.  We also got bread, butter, and some really tasty dipping oil (though there was very, very little of it).
He got the creative It's Always Sunny Chicken Sandwich which has a crispy chicken breast, sunny side up egg, frisée, bacon-soy vinaigrette, and garlic parmesan fries.  There were two veg options: a roasted vegetable sandwich and a vegetable lasagna.  I was warned that the vegetable lasagna isn't a standard lasagna - there are no noodles or cheese, it's more like a thinly layered napoleon.  I went with this as I felt I could get a veggie sandwich anywhere.
His arrived on a big plate and looked really interesting.  He said it was good and the fries were quite nice as well.  
My face kind of dropped when mine arrived as it was a tiny square of layered vegetables and a small side of tabouleh.  Looking at some of the other tables, most meals were generous.  Mine was not.  At all.  It tasted fine, a little spicy actually, but otherwise just fine.  
We ordered the Café con Leche Panna Cotta and Apple Cider Fritters.  Both were solid, though the fritters were just two small balls with some ice cream.  The panna cotta was more substantial.
All around a good meal but I don't think I'd revisit it any time soon.  Just not the right place for this vegetarian.We eat here every time we stay at Hotel Palomar.  We really enjoy the menus they have for breakfast, dinner, and their mid afternoon snack menu.  They also have a creative drink list with simple and tasty beverages.   Service is friendly and very accommodating.   
*****Noce touch: we were there the day of the Eagles SB parade with 2 kids, they were packed and running out of food....we told them we were hotel guests and they allowed us to order from the dinner menu and cleared a table for us.Lovely restaurant. Arrived early and ordered drinks at the bar, they were good (my Bloody Mary was not from a mix and very good, GF said mojito was ok).
Wait staff was fantastic and knowledgeable. We shared appetizers, they were delicious. My GF ordered an entree that the waiter recommended (fish), it was great. I ordered paella, it was not a dish I would call paella. My sister and brother in law obviously enjoyed their entrees, I did get a little taste of each (they were better than mine).
Next time I will go with the waiters recommendations!
Conversation was easy as the place was not very noisy, there was some decent background music playing.
No time for dessert. We will return.This is my new Philly favorite! A true gem! My bestie and I are true foodies, and this place put icing on the cake! The hostess and server were awesome. The truffle popcorn is amazing. The vegan chile was one of a kind. The calamari was delectable. Each thing was delicious. The menu variety was amazing and we loved everything. Square 1682 is the ONE!I liked this place a lot. Nothing made me love it (yet). It is super trendy. Boutique-y feel. I wanted to try all the small plates but my friend and I decided on the grilled octopus. I have had grilled octopus before (although was weary at first) and it as great. Very tender. This was a bit more meaty, not as tender (thought definitely not tough) and the tentacles totally freaked me out(lol). I'm not a texture person thank goodness so I tried it and did like it but didn't love it. 
For dinner I ordered the ricotta agnolotti.  It threw me because the description includes "butternut squash purée" - however this is a garnish. The ravioli type pasta isn't flavored or filled or made from the squash. It's register pasta with ricotta filling and it's nothing special. Definitely not for
$24. Now, the bacon and mushrooms it was sitting on were decadent. Very delicious. If those had been incorporated into the dish with a great sauce the dish would have bee a hit. But alas, it was too plain for me altogether. 
I would come here again and try some other things for sure.Good drink selection and food is good. A little overpriced but a really good place to share a drink with friends and coworkersWhile staying at the Hotel Palomar my wife and I did eat breakfast/brunch a few times at Square 1682, the restaurant/bar for the hotel. I was quite impressed. Where most hotel associated restaurants are standard fair done mediocre, Square 1682 took it to whole other level.
We had been comped the Continental breakfast and took advantage of that. My wife had a croissant and I had the danish. Again, where most hotel restaurants would just pluck these items out of their purchased packaging and slap them on a plate, Square 1682 actually heated all the items up. Little things like that were what made it a special place to eat. The next day my wife had the goat cheese and spinach omelet which was fantastic. It certainly didn't skimp on the goat cheese!
After reading the other reviews here it's too bad we didn't eat other meals there, but I certainly would go back.The restaurant has been open about a month now.  I've been there more than a few times for drinks and dinner.  I've always had a really good experience there.  The staff has always been warm, welcoming, and eager-to-please.  If either I, or any of my guests, had an issue with any plate or entree, the staff would quickly rectify the situation.  All you have to do is let them know about it.  They want you to be happy, if that means anything from buying you an appetizer, an entree, a drink, or dessert, they will do that for you.
Reading "Andrew C"'s review, I'm not sure how much information he and his partner disclosed, or, if they were even dining at the same restaurant.  If they weren't happy with either the cranberry salad, lobster tacos, or that the "chewy" octopus, did they let their server know?  The staff would have taken it off of their check immediately, as evidenced by the pumpkin tart issue.  If they weren't happy with the filtered water, they could have always switched to tap.  I've had the restaurant's water.  I've had iced.  I prefer the restaurant's filtered water, and, yes, they do charge for it.  It's not free.  You can  always have tap water, if you prefer.
Honestly, I disregard reviews like these,  if they show me that they made no attempt to resolve the issue while they were there.  He has ample complaints here.  Did he mention (other than the pumpkin tart issue, which was resolved) them AT the time while at the restaurant.  If he had waited a long time to be sat, or if he waited a long time for his drink, all he had to do would have been to speak up.  If he wasn't happy with the food or service, there's always a manager to speak to.  Did he do that?  I also wonder how much he tipped:  10%, 12%, 15%, 18%, or 20%?  (If I have inadequate service at any restaurant, I  let someone know immediately whether it's the server, the host, or the manager. I consider a low tip an indication that I was not satisfied.)
Now, if he had said that he had let the manager know, and they did nothing for him, that would be a different story.
Anyhow, reading his "review," I'm sure he was a lovely table to wait on.  (I waited tables while in college, so I do have an idea of how restaurants work.)  I love the restaurant and have had nothing but good experiences here.  However, it's much easier to complain when it's anonymous.I wanted to like this place, I really did but I left unfulfilled and a little sad.
I received a $25 dining credit that was included in the reservation package while staying at Hotel Palomar and thought it only appropriate to use it for breakfast. 
I rated this 2 stars, because I absolutely loved the decor of the restaurant. We were seated at a table upstairs, where they had a chalkboard wall behind the serving station, funky brightly colored chairs and booths, and had what looked like swing arm desk lamps mounted upside-down on the walls, pointing upwards at the cork-tiled ceiling.
However, the decor aside, I did not enjoy my breakfast here. The menu does grab your attention with items such as creme brulee french toast, Mississippi blueberry griddlecakes, shrimp and grits, and eggs cochon de laut (which is what I ordered). Essentially, all the right ingredients were there: eggs, buttermilk biscuits, shredded pork confit, mushroom ragout, and bourbon-bacon hollandaise. My mouth was watering at the thought of all these delicious items combined. Plus, I was starving.
What was placed in front of me was much smaller than I had envisioned. But the worst part was how it tasted. All those delectable ingredients didn't mean a thing; as a matter of fact I forgot they were even there. The entire dish tasted somewhat burnt (as in someone had severely burnt something in a pot, dumped it out, and then cooked my breakfast in that uncleaned pot). To top it off, because the eggs were poached, my breakfast became a slimy, burnt-tasting $12 mess. It was the most disappointing meal I'd had in a while.Very pleasant space: cozy with plenty of floor-to-ceiling windows to keep it light. Don't love sitting at bar height tables, but the food made up for that. Greatly enjoyed the Chipotle Blackbean Burger (queso fresco, crisp napa cabbage) served with sweet'n'spicy sweet potato fries. I'd never had a black-bean based patty before, but if they're all like the one at Square 1682, I'm a huge fan! With the consistency of a crab cake, the patty was moist and flavorful, and worked well with the cheese and cabbage slaw, which added the crunch factor. Served on a sweet potato bun, it went well with the perfectly crisped, slightly spicy sweet potato fries. (PS. the aioli served with the fries was terrific!) Also tried the Being Green juice (Cucumber, Celery, Spinach, Kale, Lemon), which wasn't my favorite, but I think it was more that i was trying to pair it with food rather than sipping it solo. Altogether, a nice lunch spot--will definitely be back for that burger!Decided on the 6-course vegetarian route. The food and presentation were both good but failed to impress. Although it is a 6-course meal, I felt wanting more. In other words, I was not satisfied... portion-wise.This place is nice but low key. Not sure if it will pick up with time or this is the regular crowd but every time I go - weekdays and weekend nights - it isnt that crowded. Good service though and the drinks are significantly strong. They let us try their new sangria for free as well.Nice place to visit especially if you come in late. Decent food. I had the porkchops and was impressed. My wife had the fillet and said it was wonderful. No real complaints, just what I've come to expect in Philadelphia.Came in for drinks recently and saw Robert Irvine hanging out at the bar!  Aside from that, the drinks here are really fantastic.  I had the persephone cocktail with appleton rum, pomegranate juice, fresh lime juice and muddled mint and jalepenos-- delicious!  The jalepenos really gave it an interesting kick.  The bartender was on her game- she was super fast/efficient and pretty friendly.  
There was an interesting mix of young/old clientele.  Some Main Line snobs in fur coats, youngish 20-30 something year old professionals and a sprinking of older, seedier looking people groping each other. All in all, this is a great place for a cocktail and I will probably be back.went here for restaurant week...nothing big stood out the food was average at best and the wait staff was not too attentive...the place was not packed...would not go back...This is a decent place to grab a drink whether you are staying at Palomar or not.  On the few occasions I have been here it has been ok - service wasn't blow-you-away amazing but it was fine and they have a nice selection of beer - local and otherwise.  
If you happen to be staying at the hotel and miss their complimentary happy hour from 5-6, fear not.  Upon check in they will give you a card to redeem for a glass of whatever they happened to be serving that night.  Just check in, drop off your bags in your room (or not) and head into the bar.  
On my last visit it smelled like popcorn in there and I am intrigued.  Maybe next time.....Came here for a drink after work wanting to get dinner and drinks with a friend, but since we didn't have a reservation they couldn't seat us for dinner. We asked to sit outside, they obliged. We got the Moscow Mules with were well made and delicious, but didn't look over the food menu much as we couldn't get dinner, but did get the hummus which was good too. The waitress gave us the wrong check so we had to go back inside and have it switched out. Kinda pricey but on par with other restaurants in center city. Would like to try this place again for actual dinner.My sister and I were staying at the Hotel Palmar and had both breakfast and brunch at Square 1682 and were very pleased with the food and service. I had the Chef's special omelette for breakfast and the grilled shrimp salad for brunch, and I highly recommend both. Great flavors/textures as well as very generous portions and reasonably priced. Also had the yogurt parfait that was delicious and full of beautiful berries. Coffee was great too! When I return to the Palomar, I definitely plan to return to Square 1682.Between 1.5-2 stars.  
Pretty disappointing food and the service was lacking.  Sorry.  
The menu is very diverse and ambitious but our dishes were lacking.  Some of them were just basic cooking problems.  Other than that, it was just bland.    
We ordered as appetizers mussels, grits, and some type of sauteed chard.  The grits and chard were fine although I would have used less garlic.  Some of the mussels were undercooked, which means they are slimy and elastic.  The chorizo and broth was good but pretty basic. 
For a main course we had roasted chicken with beets, and snapper with purple potato mash.  The chicken was...a roasted chicken (it was fine, should have been better).  The snapper was a bit over salted, and the skin wasn't crispy as it should have been.  The purple mash was real letdown, it was very thick.  I'm not food scientist but my understanding is that happens when they are overwhipped or there is too much starch still in it (undercooked?).  It also came with some sauteed cherry tomatoes that I think were intended to be burst, but they weren't cooked long enough to burst, and were still cold inside (unappetizing).  
I know this sounds like nit-picking but the snapper was $26.  That's a lot of money.       
From start to finish it took almost 2 hours, which is too long.Had a great eating experience with my family. The environment was low lit and semi interest mate. The bar area appeared comfortable. Our table consisted of eight and our server, Adam did not skip a beat. The whole staff was very pleasant and attentive. Chef "Mack" approached and spent a little time to explain a few items on the menu and answer questions. We greatly appreciated that Chef Mack! Everything we ordered tasted scrumptious: The duck wings, the Lamb tacos, Mussels, Brussel Sprouts, Yuca and I think that was it for the appetizers. I personally had the Rack of Lamb plate and my wife had the Salmon plate. I didn't get to tastes the rest of the food at the table but there were NO COMPLAINTS. The Blanton; Stella and Modelo went down smoothly before and after the meal for me. I definitely plan on going back.We were excited to hear about this restaurant opening in Center City.  My wife and I love good food and we eat out frequently.  We appreciate outstanding restaurants and have eaten all over the US and abroad.   The Chef's reputation is well known and we are familiar with other Kimpton locations. We went on Monday night to check it out. 
We arrived a few minutes early for our 8pm reservation to an abandoned front desk.  After wandering around for a few minutes checking out the the sleek bar and hotel lobby, I had to snag the bartender's attention and ask him if there was a manager or host.  He feigned surprise then disappeared into the back and presumably called the host or manager as he returned and said someone would be with us shortly.  Pretty bad start.  A few more minutes pass and the manager came downstairs, offered a weak apology and led us upstairs.  She seemed lost and told us they were busier than they had expected and we could sit anywhere we wanted. Now there are about 30 seats and about 20 guests.  We sat at a table and waited.  And waited.  
Server was apologetic, awkward and had difficulty describing why there was no bottled water.  We ordered the filtered water (they still charge you as if it's bottled water) and a cocktail and waited.  And waited. By now we had been in the restaurant for almost 30 minutes without a  crumb to eat or a drop to drink.  Booo..  We had gotten the apologies, though, so that was something.
We ordered a few small plates:  Ahi Tostadas- these were very good:  Rosy, mild, sliced raw tuna over nice, crispy little tortillas with a spicy mayo and good pinch of salt.  Lobster Tacos were not quite as good.  A nice, homemade, soft corn tortilla wrapped around flavorless  lobster chunks and topped with diced grilled pineapple. There was also a tasty, earthy guajillo sauce with them. 
Our next round was mixed:  Gnocchi with truffle and parmesan were very good.  Just right texture, juicy roasted mushrooms and a nice, earthy aroma.   The Beet, Frisee and Endive salad was poor. Cranberry vinaigrette would have been good if the salad had not been drowned in it.  Garnish of duck proscuitto was nicely gamey, Soft boiled egg was way under cooked with clear white running around the plate.  There was no frisee or endive in sight.  The greens were all delicate, mesclun style and completely deluged by the dressing and undercooked egg white.  Charred Octopus was OK.  Nice, lemony olive oil dressing and very welcome raw sliced artichokes,  but the octopus needed a little more cooking time.  Octopus should be chewy and resilient, not hard and rubbery. 
Entrees were pretty good. Not great. Chicken with creamy beet pasta was juicy and full flavored with delicious oven-dried tomatoes.  Halibut with white sweet potato puree was ok.   A little salty and acceptably fresh, but nothing that would make me say even lower case "wow".  
Desserts were ok.  The apple cider fritters were ok.  They were not light.  They were not delicate, but they tasted good.  The ice cream that came with them was weak.  I mean weak-flavored. I could not even tell you what the flavor was.  Skimmed milk? The pumpkin cream tart was inedible.  Pastry was tough, tough, tough. The filling was runny and flavorless.  Like canned pumpkin, skimmed milk and raw egg yolk.  The ice cream that came with that was grainy and flavorless.  I told our server the tart was not good and she took that and my espresso off the bill with more apologies.
All this would have gotten the restaurant two or maybe even three stars if the service had even been ok, but the service was so awkward, cold, self-conscious, lacking confidence and uncomfortable that I can't in good conscience give it any more than one.
This restaurant needs to smooth out the food, eject the contrived formality and find some solid professional management focused on warmth and sincere hospitality if it hopes to fulfill it's potential.I stopped by Square 1682 after I discovered it last minute in Opentable. The experience was great! I like the atmosphere and the noise level was appropriate. I like how the kitchen is open so you can see how food is cooked. 
We were seated right away once arriving to the restaurant. Our server was attentive and got us our ordered drinks. I got the cappuccino which is pretty average. 
The wait for the main course wasn't bad at all! 
For the entrees, we got the short rib eggs Benedict and the frittata of the day. I LOVED the eggs Benedict. The meat was tender and melt in your mouth. The serving was just right. 
For dessert, we got the affogato, a right mixture of bitter and sweet. We also got the chef's selection sorbet, which was ok. I didn't really like the flavor that was offered (cherry). It took a while for dessert to come though, but we did arrive at a busy hour.Stopped in late night for a drink.  Great cocktails, awesome atmosphere, nice bartenders.  
Kind of pricey, but it's a hotel bar in Philly... 
I would definitely stop back in for a drink or two.Some GREAT things on the menu, but also some things that should be great but fall way short.  Truffle popcorn, kale caesar, cauliflower appetizer are all awesome.  Drinks are okay but expensive and not as strong as they should be.I love this place!  I have yet to eat dinner here, but the breakfast (both restaurant and room service) is wonderful.  The bar is superb (you can hang here for hours) and Chauncey is an absolute gem!
I have yet to get here in time for Happy Hour, but have heard that it is great!  I guess I need to cut my Appointments shorter my next visit.  Great cocktails and they really know how to make a Manhattan.I had a terrible experience while dining during Restaurant Week. The service was extremely poor as the restaurant was not busy. The portions were very small and presentation was definitely in the gutter. The waitress was unprofessional, using inappropriate language and making rude comments. Hours after leaving the restaurant I was accosted by the waitress, her sister and kitchen staff. Uwtqiyqiitiee3qieeiytqiewww1eqe1 q qwwwqeyeiquteqerettwqewtqywqwwqqww11qeetq RW rwyoiiiueqeqqrwrwwqqqouiqeyoqtrriqeuqqqpwur3I'm sad to say that coming back two years later this place isn't the same. Our server, Erin, did us the favor of a partial smile every time we were funny. It was obviously an instant charity that she felt obligated to do.
She wasn't into listening to all my food restrictions (medical, I'm not a picky eater) so at the end when she was being kind to our "status" of frequent sleepers/eaters at this brand of hotels/restaurants I wasn't surprised with a dessert. I would never order a dessert with all my restrictions. I took one bite and thanked her.
The food was okay. Bacon wrapped dates were delicious. It's amazing how fast you eat gem because they are so good! The next course was okay. Duck should be cooked at medium rare. Ours was over cooked. It was edible and when Erin asked how it was I said "okay", her response was "great!". That was the mediocre life she was living which is good enough for her.
The first round of drinks were great! We wanted an encore. We got mediocre drinks without the sage. Oh well.
We talked with Amber about our experience and she was a great listener. After we were in bed she had a pitcher of sangrias delivered. Delicious but we were finished drinking and on our way to dreamland.
I can't say that we will be going back again soon, maybe wait another two years for another 180* turn!It was a good breakfast, good for couple but not large groups.  The juice is made fresh and the staff was very helpful.  It does get crowded since it's attached to the hotel.Wife and I went on a TravelZoo voucher.  Starter, two entrees, dessert, bottle of Chardonnay:  $79.  Duck Wings app was great.  Meaty, nice sauce.  Wife's Swordfish entree was way overcooked.  Cat food.  My culotte steak was ordered medium.  Came out cold and red in the center:  BEWARE:  Room service and takeout orders have a higher priority than the restaurant diners.  YOUR food takes third place.  P.S.  Service was great.  No problems there.We had brunch here one morning while staying at the hotel... and it was just mediocre. Nice setup and presentation, but the food was just bland and not worth the price. Even the coffee was bad and watered down. Our waitress was inattentive and slightly rude, I don't think she smiled once at us, although it was a very quiet morning and the restaurant was mainly empty. Oh and they ask you if you would like some fresh juice as soon as you sit down, with a pitcher in their hand, but fail to mention it's $4/5 for a small glass on your tab.The burger here are a must have!
I found this restaurant browsing Open Table. At the time I was craving a good Burger which was the deciding factor to attend this restaurant. I must say Square 1682 did not disappoint! I love the ambiance at the bar as I arrived for happy hour. The staff was lovely... I notice almost everyone around me were enjoying the burgers. After enjoying drinks at the bar my friend and I continued on outside to enjoy the good weather & have dinner. We started with the truffle popcorn yum. I now make my very own version of this at home thanks for the idea. I then ordered the custom blend burger and it was simply perfection. Very filling and simply scrumptious. I do plan to go back soon next time I get a craving!Food may have been good, but the group of 16 seated nearby was so loud it distracted from everything else.Atmosphere: Cool, modern, impressive
Staff/Server: Friendly, knowledgeable, forgot one item
Food:
Shrimp Hush Puppies - Soft, delish
Bacon Wrapped Roasted Dates - Fun, delish
Charred Octopus - Tough, not the greatest
Tuna & Crab Roll - Balanced, light flavor
Crispy Maitake Mushrooms - Heavily battered, zesty dipping sauce dominated
Duck Cassoulet - Very yum, delicate, filling
This place is a safe bet for a fun date, night out, birthday party, etc. We definitely ate everything, but some items seemed to shine brighter than others.Just had the best chicken of my life. Menu is interesting and eclectic, service was near perfect and the staff knew the menu top to bottom. Chef Mateo is a goldmine of interesting combinations and flavors. This is my new "go to" place in Philadelphia.We were staying at the Kimpton (love) and decided to try this place for brunch. The first time we went it was packed (Valentine's Day) so we sat at the bar. The service was a bit patchy as the bartender was very busy, but he was trying hard! I had a frittata and it was very good and cooked the way I asked. The next morning we got a table and were served by Caitlin, She was very friendly and took good care of us. I had the French Toast this time -so good! The prices were reasonable - unlike many hotel connected restos, the room is bright and decorated in a modern funky decor, my only complaint is that I dislike hi-top table and chairs where I can't touch the floor - less comfy! Also due to the arctic cold snap it was quite cold in the restaurant - many customers kept their coats on....otherwise will def return!Admittedly, I was there for Restaurant Week, which isn't necessarily the most accurate time to review a restaurant.
But the food was awesome. Unlike most participating RW restaurants, Square 1682 let us pick three dishes off of the whole menu.
The seared mini-scallops in wasabi potato puree were outstanding. The lobster bisque served over a duck confit ravioli was good. Not amazing, but I have no complaints. The black cod in porcetta was yummy. The apple cider fritters were TO DIE FOR. And the drinks were tasty too.
The service was friendly and helpful, if a little slow for a Monday night where the restaurant wasn't full.
Still, I'll be back.Yum!
Went in yesterday for lunch and got the grilled ahi tuna "ceasar" salad, which was delicious. Then, right before bedtime, I went back and shared the duck quesadilla w/mango jicama salsa and Korean BBQ style lamb with a co-worker. The appatizers, which are 1/2 price at happy hour, were both really good. The lamb could have been a little less saucy and salty, but at less than $5, it's really nothing to complain about. I washed everything down with the drink special (a divine $7 cucumber martini), which is highly recommended, seeing as how it was one of the best cocktails I have ever had!Review for happy hour only: i know my way around the restaurant scene and this place was the worst ever!!! the service was horrendous!! So much so that we left after one drink. I love my $5 wine as much as the next person but this is the worst service I have ever experienced in a long time. We got there around 5:30 on thurs and no one took our order for ten minutes so then the bartender from the bar shouted across the bar 'what would u like' and I had to go to the bar to get the menu. Then I ordered and had to get up and walk to the bar to get my drink?!? but i could even put up with all this but it was just the manner in which the bartender was clearly not serving any of his customers.  i promptly asked my check and went to noble for their awesome happy hour and vowed to never go back to square 1682.During a business trip a few weeks ago, me and a group of colleagues had dinner at Square 1682.  Since my memory has been fading away with age (or maybe due to other reasons), I can only write was memorable.  Maybe this is a good thing because they are the ones that really stood out to me...
Service:  
Friendly staff and very attentive.  No glass was left half empty (or should I say half full)
Restaurant:  
Has a very modern feel to it.  The main dining area is fairly dim.  The private room that we had was nicely decorated and allowed my drinking colleagues to be loud and obnoxious
Food:
Truffle Popcorn:  Such a great idea! The popcorn is made with truffle butter.  As I ate it, I started to wish I could eat this at a theater.  The one thing that I didn't like was that the popcorn was a bit stale
Crispy Calamari:  Had a light batter and was not oily at all.  A nice way to start the meal
Lemon Scented Hummus:  A creamy hummus that went will with the naan bread.  I really enjoyed the freshness of the hummus
Bone Marrow with Beef Tongue:  Very thinly slices of beef tongue served on a split in half bone.  The bone marrow was rich.  The tongue had a bit of gaminess.
Butter Blade Steak:  A perfectly cooked piece of steak that was really tender and juicy.  My favorite part of the dinner.
4 stars all the way (especially since the company paid for the meal ;) )The lunch menu had a lot of options that appeared tasty to choose from. However, the overall flavor of the dishes I tried coupled with the 2 hours it took for a lunch make this a not so great spot to try again on a workday or perhaps altogether.
I have to say the only highlights of the meal were the french fries with a wonderful spicy dipping sauce and the homemade ice cream that accompanied the desserts. The remainder of the food was forgettable and largely unsatisfactory. The chilled melon gazpacho soup was OK but room temperature and unfortunately over-blended (unfortunate it was blended at all in my opinion). The It's Always Sunny Chicken Sandwich (love the name) was super dry but at least had those great french fries. I'm not entirely sure how a lump of fried chicken topped with a fried egg ends up "dry" but that's the report I got so avoid it even if pulled in by the cute name. The ginger steamed cod was absolutely, positively lacking in any distinct flavor. I had really hoped that after the 1hr wait for our food it would be gingery and lovely but it was bland lukewarm water surrounding a stack of bland and unseasoned veggies topped with a piece of cod. Extremely disappointing.
There were however, a few positive notes to the lunch. The waiter was very nice and helpful although spent much of the meal arguing with the kitchen staff to get our orders (as he told us). The zucchini wrapped goat cheese appetizer went over well. The Beef Short rib sandwich made one diner quite pleased (although they seemed more excited before it arrived and took it apart during eating and left parts on the plate so...). The apple tart was pretty good too. This may be a nice spot for a couple of drinks and some wonderful homemade ice cream (particularly the cinnamon ice cream). However, I think this was probably my one and only visit to this establishment.Braised beef Short Rib! Asparagus on the side.  This meal was outstanding.  I stumbled across this place when the restaurant I had planned on going to was at full capacity.  The wait staff was very friendly and knowledgeable.  Food came out in great time.   The rib was cooked to perfection!  I didn't leave anything behind on my plate.  Definitely recommend.  Food was fresh.  Experience was great.Food: We were pleased with everything we ordered--nicely presented and tasty egg sandwiches and pancakes.  A few hiccups with the menu offerings: no espresso available, and they were out of one of the protein options.  
Atmosphere: Cafe tables in a storefront off the Hotel Palomar lobby. Quiet and sunny by the street-facing windows.
Service: responsive and polite. 
Overall, not a destination brunch spot, but a solid option if you're in the neighborhood.Stopped in for dinner this evening. We tried a number of small plates and the jerk chicken and salmon. Everything was excellently prepared.  We enjoyed our dinner and are looking forward to our leftovers for lunch tomorrow. Our server was attentive and very pleasant. We'll be back.This was a very pleasant and enjoyable Restaurant Week experience. The staff were very welcoming and nice. We entered and were escorted upstairs to the restaurant seating area, downstairs is the bar. The decor is warm with dark wood tones, deep reds, and cork ceiling with soft lighting. I ordered the lemon humus which was serviced in a jar with the lid being removed by the server. This looked very pretty but defeated my efforts to get every last smear out of it. The humus itself has a very pleasant aroma of lemon and a spicy kick. I felt the amount of humus to pits wedges ratio to be off because I ran out of wedges before spread. Luckily we still had the complimentary bread basket. For my main course I chose the PA Goat Chili. It was delicious. The beans were cooked perfectly, there was a little heat to the dish but nothing overpowering. The goat was in two forms in the dish, ground in the chili itself and slow cooked pulled placed delicately on top of the cornbread crowning the dish. The corn bread was a little too sweet for my tastes but I understand that it was meant to contrast the salinity of the chili. On to the desserts and drinks. I enjoyed the apple fritters. The reminded me of homemade doughnuts from my childhood all covered in cinnamon and sugar. I ordered the "Colonial" which is rye whiskey and the Root Snap with apply cider. It was strong and delicious! This place is definitely worth checking out.Would give a 4.5 if I could , mostly b/c I almost never give five stars. The food was delicious and the choices were interesting. My husband and I shared the duck wings which were sticky and spicy and perfect. For main courses we had the pork (shank I think) and the jerk chicken. The pork was fall off the bone soft and so yummy. The chicken was very tasty, but I wouldn't call it jerk. The prices were higher than I usually would pay but , since everything was so good, I'd still recommend it. The service was exceptional.Went for breakfast/brunch with 3 men on a Sunday morning before an Eagles game. The service was very good and all of our food was delicious. Two of the guys got the daily frittata and inhaled it. They said it was fantastic. The other male ordered the "build your own Eggs Benedict." He loved it. I thoroughly enjoyed a very  hearty breakfast sandwich. 
My only issue with this restaurant is the parking. When the hostess called me the day before our reservation to confirm, I asked if they validate valet parking. Her response was an enthusiastic "yes." However, after our meal, we were refused validation by everyone we asked (including the hotel's concierge). I was charged $27 for parking! 
Turns out that they only validate parking if you stay in the hotel. Be forewarned!Loved it!  We went specifically because they serve brunch to dogs on Saturday and Sunday.  Our German Shepard, Apollo, had a braised pork and grits dish.  Our brunch was delicious.  Drinks were great!  Am already planning on going back with more friends and their dogs.  Ask for Scott, his service with spotless!  Great bonus: part of the proceeds go to PAWS.  Love it.During Restaurant Week my mother and I made reservations to eat here, because they offered their full menu instead of a reduced blah one. We arrived for our Sunday 5:30pm appointment on time. The hostess seated us and our server was very attentive. We ordered our drinks and looked over the menu for starters mom ordered the Yellow Fin Tuna, and I the Lobster Bisque Soup and Lobster Pot Pie. For our entrees mom had the Grouper with root vegetables, and I had the pan seared Tuna with braised Rib in Korean BBQ Sauce. Our meal was delicious and at the end my mother requested to speak with the chef so she could personally thank him for their menu.Had a great family meal on Saturday. We had a large enough group where we were able to try practically everything. Each dish that came out was delicious.
The duck wings are crispy, sticky, inventive take on a buffalo wing.
The lamb lettuce wraps are very savory and have a pleasant heat from the peppers chopped up w the lamb
The burratta is smooth creamy coolness if you got a particularly hot lamb scoop.
Corn bread was reportedly delicious, but went so fast I didn't get any.
There was a mushroom dish that really stole the show during the first course. Among the other small plate offerings, the all-vegetable mushroom dish stood forward as king despite all of us being ardent meat-eaters. Don't miss this one if you're there with a small group. And order two if you're there with many.
The middle, pasta course was delicious without being heavy. My favorite was the scampi dish, although the rest of the table picked the oxtail raviolo as favorite. All three were very good.
Entrees course rounded out the night.
Pork shank was tender and tasty.
The whole fish was beautifully filleted and cooked perfectly.
The strip steak is served carved which made sharing easy. The sauce poured over the steak is an unholy level of decadence. It made sharing necessary because if one person ate it all they'd probably implode into cosmic singularity of succulence.
Lastly was a veggie dish. Rice with coconut & chickpeas. Again, the veggie option refused to play second to the meats. It was so, so good. Definitely a must-order for any return trips.
We didn't have room for dessert, so I have no guidance for anyone who can negotiate the menu and still have room for more by the end.
tl;dr: Can't miss for dinner. Get the mushroom starter and chickpea rice bowl entree. Or whatever you like. It's all good.We heard about their BYOD (bring your own dog) brunch for sat and sun and had to come in for a visit. For those pet owners who can't go anywhere without their animals, then this was a must as they serve small dog size portion brunch options. 
We brought our little yorkie and attempted to come in for brunch on Saturday at 1030. Outside patio seating was empty so we expected to be seated quickly. When we checked in, the hostess told us they were too busy that we needed to wait 25 minutes to even be seated. Apparently the manager told her not to seat any new parties as the kitchen was busy and needed to catch up.  This was the first time I've ever heard this from any restaurant and was shocked. We could've just sat, looked through the menu and been happy waiting, but we weren't too happy to just stand around and wait outside doing nothing. We just took our business elsewhere 
Will we come back and try again next time? Maybe...if we do, then I can update my review but for now, this is what my rating will beMy man & I hopped into this spot because it was close and convenient on New Years Day, I can't say I enjoyed the food or service that day so we were disappointed.. I did however attend their happy hour & was a pleasant surprise, get the small pork dish with fresh grapefruit & vodka- Yum. 
 Perhaps a third try will be a winner..I was pretty impressed by this restaurant, not going to lie. First of all it LOOKED lovely, with a nice attention to detail--from the square napkins and square menus, to the little two segment dishes that contained butter and olive oil for the lovely bread basket. The private dining room we had for a work function was quiet, secluded, and featured a seriously impressive modern chandelier hanging above our table. 
The service was great, pleasant and nonintrusive, but one diner was brought the wrong dish, and then had to wait while the rest of us were served--that was the one complaint. Everyone else really liked their food. My ginger steamed cod was light and flavorful, and the lemongrass broth poured over it tableside was a nice touch. The pickled vegetables added a contrasting crunch, and the "potato and wasabi dumpling" (essentially wasabi mashed potatoes in a crispy shell) was awesome. It was a smaller portion than some of the sandwiches my fellow diners ordered, but I liked that--I didn't leave feeling gross.
It was reasonably priced, $12 for my entree, many of the other diners ordered the $16.82 special which seems like an awesome value to me, especially considering you can substitute sorbet for the cookie--sorbet that burst with fresh mango flavor and even mango slices beneath it.
It's a little fancy for the every-day lunch, but for a special occasion I could definitely see myself returning.The restaurant located in the lobby of Hotel Palomar, Square 1682 is, like the Kimpton Hotel it is attached to, the seemingly flawless blend of classic and modern. The restaurant in particular has almost a steampunk feel. A hotel that prides itself on the usage of recycled material, the ceiling is comprised of some kind of wood element. The chandelier in the street entrance of the restaurant is a four-tier wooden, rope, and lightbulb construction. It's quite impressive. Although it is by no means my style of decor, somehow it works. Really well. Each table in the restaurant is a setting of high-backed chairs of red and black, with a single bulb and an oversized teardrop encasement. Again, very industrial, and not typically my style, yet it works. Especially at night.
I prefer sitting in the corner of the restaurant, where dark wine-colored booths line the wall. Industrial, stem-punk-esaue round iron tables with some sort of lever that may or may not function as a height adjustor serve as my dining table. The booths are paired with classy, sleep chairs of gold and dark wood. Perhaps my favorite chair-and-table combination in the entire hotel.
And the food? I entered the restaurant a weary traveler in need for some brunch. What I had was the best eggs benedict I've ever had, with pork belly and the perfect biscuit. The next day I had the creme brulee french toast, with mascarpone filling and warm blueberry compote. Easily the best french toast I've ever had.
The last night I stayed, I ordered room service for dinner, and had the Lancaster Duck Confit with Lingonberry mustard on buttermilk toast, and a side of the truffle popcorn. It was the perfect end to my stay.If I could give no stars I would have.  So disappointing.  We there for lunch for the first time last week for restaurant week. The hostess seemed almost surprised that someone walked in the door. The waitress was nice and the food was just ok. Desserts were terrible!  The chocolate peanut butter mousse was edible at most.  The orange cream cake can only be described as and old corn muffin with something that resembles ranch dressing and some peaches on it. It was so hard we needed to use a knife to break it. 
We came back today for happy hour and were  determined to give the place another chance.  Boy, did we regret it. Once again,  the hostess was surprised that someone walked in and almost seemed annoyed by people walking in.  The waitress couldn't be more rude.  After we ordered drinks, she took away our drink menu. Call me crazy,  but I was hoping to have more than one drink tonight.  When we asked her to keep the menu on the table,  she rolled her eyes and came back with ALL the menus they have dropped them on our table and mumbled something about here are all the menus we have... On top of that, she never smiled, never made eye contact and didn't look happy to be there. Food sucked! Calamari was soggy,  deviled eggs were bland and the bacon wrapped dates were burned and dry. The drink was so boring I just couldn't bring myself to order another. Please go somewhere else.  There's no hope.I dined here on 1/30 for restaurant week my second time here the first for a bday party last year it was good the first time and AMAZING !!!! the second all thanks to a man named George who was our server he was so attentive and curtious all of his suggestions were on point and I don't think I've ever had better service and I've been to a lot of restaurants in this city all in all I had an amazing night I actually brought my coworkers with me who were skeptical from the beginning but halfway thru the meal they were singing 1682's praises THANKS for not making me look bad! All I can say is Bacon wrapped dates !!!Best burger, best burger, best burger. 1. The bacon is plentiful and cooked to perfection (pully more than crunchy, fat-on). 2. The sautéed onions have a sweetness that you taste in every bite and compliments the aioli and that oh-so-scrumptious bun. plus there's cheddar cheese on itI thought I was in for a treat; newish place that had an article in a national mag...but should've known instantly when the place  reeked of bad seafood.  It certainly didn't make me want to order the chilled shellfish platter that's for sure.  But I didn't turn around when I should have.
The placed seemed nice, albeit a little empty given the time of night, so I would have to say that if it filled out, it would probably be a really nice place to get a drink and maybe an appetizer.  I will say that they had an excellent selection of seasonal beers (magic hat, yards, dogfish - but not your everyday brews, they were all varieties that I rarely see around)
The bread/crackers/oil/butter were great...but the rest was a little blah.  
The 'Chorizo & Wild Mushroom Fundido' was nothing as advertised...we couldn't taste chorizo and we certainly didn't find any chorizo in the dish.  And the 'wild mushrooms' were comprised mainly of sliced white mushrooms (and they looked/tasted like they went to shoprite and picked them up pre-sliced).  The corn tortillas were decent, but they didn't seem like they were homemade.
The 'South American Shrimp' were a disappointment well...they only deveined about a third of the shrimp (which also looked like they went to shoprite and picked them up precooked)- not really what I was expecting.
I was pretty excited about the 'Yellow Fin Tuna and Ginger Braised Short Ribs' but again, the dish disappointed.  They wrapped the yellow fin in sliced potatoes and then sear it so the potato should be cripsy and the tuna fairly rare...instead the potato was soggy/oily (the tuna was cooked pretty well though).  The short rib looked awesome...it was removed from the bone and they cut a cube (it was square-ish to go along with the theme, but more rectangular all in all) from the meat and put it in the korean bbq sauce.  The meat was way too salty and the bbq sauce was as well (again, the sauce tasted like they went to shoprite and bought a bottle of the far east brand stuff).
The menu sounded extremely good, but it just didn't come together for some reason.  I will not be going back for a full meal anytime soon.Here catching up with my friend, denethia is amazing. Approachable and makes well crafted drinks. The popcorn is a  must try!!Had dinner here last night.  Food was fantastic and creative - had the charred octopus followed by the wild mushroom tart...total yum.  There are still about 20 other items I need to return for.Ate there on a Saturday night. It was almost empty, so I had a bad feeling, but it was more than respectable.  I had the bacon wrapped dates, and the ribeye special, and a slice of apple cake for dessert. All were good to very good.  Service was exceptional. In and out in about an hour, and I stuck around for an extra cocktail.Went for lunch. Had a burger, it was tasty and cooked well. Our server, Katelynd, should probably find a job outside the realm of hospitality, though.This restaurant will probably hold a special place in my heart because this is where I chose to have a nice intimate lunch with my boyfriend on our first date. I don't have to go into how anxiety ridden first dates can be, so I wanted somewhere that I knew the service would be on point, the food interesting and delicious and the drink menu varied enough to match the food without it being unapproachable.
Most importantly, I needed a place close to both of our workplaces yet not trodden by the hordes of business people looking for a sandwich. I wanted to hear what my date was saying and feel any potential chemistry without distractions. I wanted a place where the ambiance was comfortably upscale. Square fulfilled these criteria perfectly.
Since our first lunch date, we've returned recently for a late dinner. We were seated close to the expo kitchen and could see the care that is put into every dish. My boyfriend ordered the salmon and I ordered the lamb short ribs. Both were cooked perfectly and their accompaniments really highlighted the flavors. 
The service was great yet again.  Our server was nice enough to get us both a taste of wine when we were undecided on which glass to pair with the salmon. In the end, the unknown wine varietal was perfect.
I really hope to come back for a happy hour and perhaps celebrate our anniversary which all started at Square.Cool place for happy hour. Nice atmosphere and good service. Beyond HH though, I do not think it has much more to offer. The food is okay but it is easily forgettable.Upscale ambience, well-mixed cocktails and a fireplace. 
I've visited the Palomar a few times now, and it has the same trendy chic of other Kimpton hotels around the globe. I've been to several of them, and they are all impressive. 
The lounge is a bit small, with the crowd often extending into the hotel lobby and fireplace area. Not a problem, since servers seem to be everywhere. Even if the bar's jammed, you'll still get your drinks in a flash. Speaking of flash, it's definitely high-end, but without the pretenses of say, Rouge. The crowd is lively, and more exciting than any other hotel bar in town.
Definitely a welcome addition to the neighboorhood.I can't say enough great things about this establishment. Stayed at the hotel, and had breakfast here for 3 consecutive days. There is not one bad item on the menu, whether you're searching for vegetarian options or not all Your requests are accommodated!
Had the egg sandwich,  the salad, and an omelet, the boyfriend had a burger- that onion ham was just that good. 
They also serve mighty leaf tea, which is a Divine way to end a meal. Their drip coffee is very rich and tasty. 
Can't wait to be back.So when I book a reservation here I didn't realize it is the Kimpton hotel's restaurant and I have to say when we rolled down Samson and hit 17th I was a little disappointed when I saw Square attached to a hotel.  We were seated upstairs to a mostly empty dining room directly next to a talkative table of three.  This also had me thinking that we weren't going to enjoy this place.  Quickly, I discovered I was wrong.  First and foremost, our server, Tim, was outstanding.  He was soft spoken and very helpful with the drinks and the dining menu.  It is rare that a server adds to my dining experience.  The menu was solid, nothing too special but easy for us to decide.  We got the octopus, squash soup, pan roasted and confit amish chicken, and the pork chop.  All four things were delightful especially the entrees.  They were simple and really well prepared.  
This place isn't the most talked about restaurant in town but I would recommend it to anyone.