Most places are successful when they have an outstanding employee. Max went above and beyond. Stopped in for the first time last night. Everything was great. No complaints. Clam chowder, burger, and beers were great!! It's a big plus that he knows the beers well too. Cheers GENTLEMEN!!!I am still a fan, a big fan.  It all started with the hand pumped Yards IPA.  What a great alternative to the already very good Yards IPA on tap...less bubbles, natural, no CO2, creamier texture, a real beer-person's beer.
Next the Tuna Poke.  This was a wonder dice of fresh raw tuna, with avocado and it tasted like a chili oil base, with blue chips for accompaniment.  Next up was the Blue Fish BLT.  Yes fans, the thick meaty fish was on scrumptious thick toasted bread, the real good bread, with the real thing bacon, not strips of that processed packaged shit, the real McCoy, thick, tasty, meaty, the kind of bacon which makes you smile.  Excellent in season fresh tomatoes topped it off.  This was wonderful in all aspects.  My friend had the Heirloom tomato sandwich.  The Heirloom tomatoes were soooo fresh, sooooo sweet, sooooo decadent, on wonderful toasted bread with a pesto aioli.  I wish I had the stomach to order one in addition to the blue fish sandwich...I thought about it!!
Brandon was superb behind the bar, helpful, friendly, he loves his job and he loves the food there as well.  
This is my go-to spot in the Northern LibsI had heard for years just how good Standard Tap was and decided to stop in for a drink on Saturday (5:30 pm) prior to dinner at Koo Zee Doo.  I am not sure what the hype is all about.
We sat at the bar, which was half full at best, and waited as the bartender walked by us multiple times, walked away from the bar and never asked us what we would like to drink.  I finally said in an even tone, "Hey, you serving drinks here".  That got us some service.  We had two rounds of drinks, I paid and left the tip on the bar, while my wife finished up her beer, I hit the Men's room.  When I came back the tip had been picked up, again before we had left, and I asked my wife, if the bartender thanked her.  She said, no he just picked up the money.  Classless move. This place must be doing so good that they don't need new customers, because I probably won't go back. 
I'll keep going to 700 Club and Abbaye when I'm in N. Libs.  This place needs to learn a lot about the meaning of service.  The only reason that I gave them 2 stars was that we did not try the food and I'm giving that benefit of the doubt.
Hey, Standard Tap take a lesson from places like South Philadelphia Tap Room on how to run a great gastropub.Great beer, great burger, great service.  I really liked the atmosphere and had a great time.  
The burger was tasty and our medium rare burger was actually medium rare.
One of the best, if not the best, burger in the City.We stopped in for brunch last Saturday while visiting the city. The place looked neat from the outside and was even bigger once you walked in with bars and seating on numerous levels. We were seated quickly upstairs and they have their menus on a chalk board (this annoys me). It was an interesting menu and I went with a spinach salad which came with blue cheese dressing, egg, bacon, tomatoes and cucumbers. Others in my party ordered a burger with a salad instead of fries. Another one of my pet peeves is when they up charge for a different side. The burger and small side salad ended up being $17. The food was tasty and served quickly by very friendly staff. Overall it was a fun place to hang out and I would like to go back for drinks- they have a nice draft list.I really like the atmosphere and location, and they have a good beer selection, but Jesus Christ have I only had terrible food here. Pretty sure their veggie burger is just bread crumbs and eggs to keep it together. It's hands down the worst one I've ever had. And their brunch isn't anything special either. Go here for drinks - there are too many great restaurants within walking distance of this place.What a great place!  I went the other night with my mom and two young kids.  We sat on the outdoor deck.  I was the only person in the group into craft beer, but we all loved the bar.  My mom enjoyed a nice local saison and said the crabcake was the best she's ever had.  My kids enjoyed shrimp cocktails and corn fritters (no kids menu, but we felt comfortable with well-behaved kids).  I had a great duck leg. We orderall all three desserts on the menu, and they were all smash hits. I've seen better beer lists, but their were so many food choices I could go back again and again, and I will!I was brought here with by my friend to try the "standard double" which was taken off the menu. But, they did make it for me even though they charged me $3 to add 2 slices of bacon. All in all a very expensive place, that you might want to add to your skip list.Very good burgers, soups, cheese plates, you name it. All of our food was amazing and cooked to perfection. Would definitely come back and I recommend you try it too. It's worth it.Une magnifique carte de produits locaux, fruits de mer, viandes, poissons, légumes... Des bières locales excellentes. Service de qualité très agréable et de bon conseil.
Le tarifs sont corrects pour ce gastropub certes loin du centre ville mais qui vaut vraiment le détour, dans un quartier de plus en plus fréquenté.
Seul petit point négatif: un peu bruyant lorsqu'il y a du monde...My husband and I happened upon this place after dropping our daughter off at the nearby Fillmore. Service was prompt and attentive. Our waitress was helpful and knowledgeable. 
We both had the Ginger Lynn which was a terrific cocktail. Refreshing and not overly sweet. 
I ordered the fish fry, which was a whitefish. The fish was lightly fried but not greasy. I enjoyed it quite a bit. The fries were homemade (I think) and quite good. The coleslaw was outstanding. My husband had the chicken pie, which he loved. It's a heavy dish, but it's very tasty and unique. 
We both had dessert. He had the apple strudel and I had the peanut butter sundae. Both were a great end to a terrific meal. 
My only complaint is that I don't like the chalkboard menus (or there should be more of them). I had to get up from my seat to see the menu. And, I was uncomfortable hovering by someone else's table to read the menu.I have been here for brunch and dinner.  The place itself is really cool.  Alot of different rooms and an upstairs outdoor patio.  The food and drinks are good.  Overall a cool placeEverytime i leave the grace, goodness, and green of West Philly and go visit my friends living around the concrete toilet of Fishtown or N.Libs all these douche-bags keep saying everytime wer lookin to go out and get stupid is:
" Yo, lets goto the Tap"
" Yo, fuck it, lets just goto the Tap"
( and loop 5 more times)
What i want to know is: when did this place become the God-damn default bar of the lower north east?
YEA?! WOW! REALLY? How many taps?  Holy jeez!!  That's just crazy!
All local beers? Yeah, thats what I'm saying! Things local to PA are always awesome!   
Hold on, no, no, wait a minute.... local to PA?.... PA?  oh......
fuck.  
Everytime i walk into this place, i gotta reach to find something im actually gonna be happy with.  And maybe thats cause im a picky bitch, but comon, outside some of the Troegs and Smuttynose  products, all the local shit around here is like drinking broken glass. Victory over-hops every damn thing they produce, Stoudts is boring as hell, Legacy has yet to put out anything good and is pretty much the poor-mans Stoudts (which isnt saying much), Flying Fish is mediocre at best and the true blue Philly born beers like Yards and Dockstreet are borderline repulsive.  I cant remember if there were Dogfishhead or Brooklyn beers on tap, if theyre were, kudos to the bar manager but lets just say, looking at the chalkboards here isnt the hot-shower- nozzle masturbation material people are making it out to be. 
The food is decent, and the staff is always very chill and never bitchy,  but if im in this area, the Abbaye, N.3rd, or just sitting on some strangers stoop and getting toasted are always gonna be 1st options.I dislike Philadelphia, but I love the Standard. 
I crave the Standard Burger and fries and a pint of hand-pumped whatever beer, I'm not picky.  I love the jukebox and the atmosphere and the cute people.  I am drooling just thinking about all of it.
If I HAVE to go to Philly, I'll go out of my way for dinner and drinks at this place.Although I'd heard good things about Standard Tap, I was not impressed with the food. 
Tried a Pork sandwich & I wouldn't recommend it. Pork was stringy and not succulent. Sandwich was quite wet (as though jus had been poured on it). 
Chicken pot pie was so-so. The pastry was quite nice. The filling of the pie was not flavourful and the chicken meat was stringy.
Very noisy, crowded and cramped place to eat.About 20 taps with great beers in each. That is as good as it gets. Good environment, lots of room too. I would definitely come back again and again.Easily the finest resto-pub in Philadelphia.  All local, all draft beers; the O.G. gastropub menu; heaps of scenesters and oldsters alike;  good vibes all around.  Brunch on the patio in nice weather is a keen way to get your Sunday going; or end your evening with drinks late at night in the the cozy bar.
I'm glad so many people hate on the Standard- keeps out the whiny annoying types. 
P.S.  You'd never think it, but the kitchen here makes the most transcendent bread pudding in existence.  I call them ahead of time to find out if they have it.When I ordered a burger and the bartender walked away from me before I could say anything else, (what kind of toppings I wanted, how I liked my meat cooked, etc) I must admit I wasn't expecting more than just a burger on a roll. What I got was a little slice of heaven. Somehow my  burger was cooked to perfection, great lil selection of toppings, and some amazing fries on the side. I'm only giving two thumbs up because I only have two hands! I would go there for a burger alone, but the friendly service and good beer selection are an added bonus.Standard Tap was the perfect pit stop for a post New Years Eve noonish brunch. The bloody mary's are perfectly spicy and there are some interesting selections on the brunch board. Some of the folks at my table were feeling adventurous and ordered the antelope and eggs, which was rather tasty. I stuck with the traditional egg platter. Most of the egg entrees came with cheesy potatoes (yum yum), your choice of meat (bacon or sausage) if meats not already included, and the choice of toast or a biscuit. Definitely order the biscuit and butter that bad boy right up! Service was a little slow, but it gave us time to suck down some alcohol and reminisce about the prior evenings shenanigans. Also, it was New Years Day so I'm guessing they were quite swamped. I was pleasantly surprised by the quantity of my breakfast plate for only $9!Service was lousy. Slow and not friendly. No silverware, no napkins, no salt and pepper and water barely refilled. Beer sucked and they served their version of a stout in what looked like a wine glass. 
Pork sandwiches were void of flavor but my burger was excellent. Also menus on chalkboard and hard to read and way too loud, and I'm not old either. 
Top 50 in Philly?? That's a joke.It was a shock to go to the Tap the other day and see that the neighborhood had finally been gentrified.  The sketchy, rickety, crumbling street had been replaced with new pavement and was packed with cars.  The dilapidated surrounding buildings were now duplex condos filled with suit-wearing mid 20's kids and hipsters living off inheritances.
That said, the Standard Tap had not changed at all and it should be greatly applauded for that...because I love the Tap.  The roasted boar was great, the salad tasty, and the beers fantastic as always.  We sat upstairs and eventually saddled up to the bar and had a great time chillin with our bartender Gerrard who made the experience all the better.  A great bartender can make a bar, so great tender + great bar = go to the Tap whenever you can and enjoy.One of my favorite bars in the city. Great beer list, food is good, atmosphere is perfect. I wouldn't go there for quiet conversation but take a few friends and you will have an awesome time.Was in N. Lib for 2nd st Festival and stopped in for a beer and to check out Standard Tap. There were a couple seats at the bar and we sat down, with one bartender who refused to give eye contact, instead decided to wash glasses as opposed to waiting o us. After waiting a good 3-5 mins and ready to walk out a second bartender came in and asked what we wanted. As a couple who dines out often and rewards good service we were perplexed at how we were treated.  I have to say it felt as though they were doing me a favor by waiting on us. We were going to do lunch but we decided to leave after one beer. I guess the Diners Drive-Ins and Dives hype has gone to their head. Won't be back.Beer, ambiance, prices, service... all good. 
Shortribs... mediocre. Mussels (and sausage)... baaaaad. The meat of the mussels were tiny and hard, and there were a few particularly horrible ones--nice and fishy. Yuck. The shortribs and the mussels were all we tried, but enough to convince us to not come back for the food.Four different stouts and good burgers. What more could a girl ask for?
After being told it did not look good for a party of six at N. 3rd, we headed to Standard Tap. It was quite crowded, but we got a table in half an hour. Our food came quickly, but the refills did not. The burgers taste like they came off a backyard grill and they come with all the toppings you need- mushrooms, grilled onions, lettuce and tomato. They are served with shoestring fries, which are nice and fresh.
It does get a bit loud, so it isn't the best place to hold a group conversation.The original (and still best) NoLibs gastro-pub.   Great food, better beers.  Great place to hangout in the summer on the deck, in the winter, cozy up to the bar and laugh at the out-of-towners asking for "miller lite bottles".  Warning--gets crowded on weekends, and has been known to attract a party bus or two.I was struggling to find a good burger in Philly. I have been spoiled by Dumont burger in New York and I thought I would never find a burger spot to come close. I was wrong. Although I would choose Dumont burger any day over any other burger place, Standard tap is the best I have had in Philly. My burger was perfectly medium and the fries were great. They have a pretty good Bloody Mary, and I love a good bloody! I also had their clams, they weren't the best i ever had but they were good still. The atmosphere was great. I was lucky enough to sit next to two dads and their kid... the sweetest! 
I couldn't give 5 stars because I was so awkward and annoying searching and waiting for a menu when if I had only looked up behind a couple who was eating i would have noticed that they don't have personal menus. I struggled to see the menu and I felt really bad getting up and being in their space while they were trying to eat.+4 stars for the good beer selection and awesome food.  This is not bar food fare, people.  It's restaurant quality (and the prices reflect that)
-1 for lack of TVs when I want to eat a burger and watch the Iggles
+1 for being 3 doors down from my house in Philly and I'm too lazy to go any further to grab a bite.When we arrived, I experienced a moment of dread- it was so full, with rather loud, rather young music (I'm young, I just don't care for 'young' music).  Fortunately the husband noticed there was an upstairs & here we found the perfect space.  I wonder if the individual bartenders get to pick the music on the 2 levels?  Because upstairs it was all 80's, the good stuff.  Tons of people were outside on the upstairs deck (way too hot for us), so we had the air-conditioned indoor bar to ourselves.  Terrific menu options- we loved the wings (amazing slaw side) & the ginger snap peas.  The octopus suffered from too much pickle & rather too long on the grill, but it was pretty & a nice take on that dish.  Outstanding tap list, which we fully availed ourselves of.  It started to fill up before we left & we found ourselves rather neglected towards the end (dishes piled all over), but it was still a terrific spot we'd recommend & return to.One of the older and the best gastropub in philly! Food was great as always! the mussels were very tasty... our server was okay! but the atmosphere of this place is awesome!Love the atmosphere and the beer selection, but I had brunch and it was really pricey.  For vegetable hash and duck eggs -$ 17! The veggies were mostly onions too.  I'll come back here, but only to imbibe.Always super consistent with great service, energy and vibe.  Menu is amazing as well as the cocktail list.  I typically start with with raw oysters and go from there.  Love the July 4th "Pork of July" menu as well !   One of the best (if not the best) restaurant in No Libs right now.   And on a nice day or evening enjoy the outdoor deck which we do all the time !This place was really good! Had a great beer selection and burger was cooked perfectly, didn't need to add ketchup or anything. The only downside is this place isn't good all days of the week! Sunday's are dead!We were a group of 4 and all of us had outstanding meals.  The menu is rather short, with everything on a chalkboard, but what they make is well worth eating.
We took the server's suggestion and got a squash blossom appetizer to share for the table, and after how good it was, I was sorry I didn't get one for myself.  With the portion size of 3, I could've easily eaten more.  They were amazing!   I then had a soft shell crab sandwich that ranks as one of the best I've ever eaten.  It came with outstanding shoestring fries, and I don't usually like fries.  They were well-seasoned and crispy.  Two others had a burger and one the fried catfish sandwich, and they all loved theirs as well.
it's a good idea to make a reservation.  We were there on a Saturday at 5:30 p.m. before going to Punchline Philly, so didn't really need one for that time.  But as it's not that big, it's probably a very good idea to make one.No ICE TEA???
Can't remember the last time I asked for an ice tea at lunch and was told they didn't serve any.
Oh well, onto the food which was good and not so good.
The duck salad was a large crispy duck leg on a bed of greens with a semi-sweet dressing that went very well with the duck leg.
Soft shell sandwich was not as good. Most of the time a soft shell is either done tempura or sauteed in butter and garlic. This sandwich was bland and the soft shell was not great. It came with a side of fries, and while it was a nice size portion the fries were soggy and luke warm.
For my money I would tell people to go to North 3rd. The soft shell sandwich at North 3rd is much better AND they serve ice tea.Great English pub atmosphere. Awesome selection of local beers (although no Victory Lager!) Decent menu choices and the burger was pretty good. Great place for happy hour drinks!
I'll be coming here again often!This place looks very interesting on the outside. The tables are a bit close to each other, but it definitely is a good date spot. The bar upstairs is a good place to sit/stand with groups - but I wouldn't recommend groups for the first floor. Drinks were reasonably priced and so was the food. Make sure to get the burger and fries (so delicious!). They also have outdoor seating.annoyed because I had high expectations for this place and didn't get the chance to reach them. Went there last night for dinner and drinks. There were maybe 2-3 tables max that were occupied and a handful at the bar. We were spotted coming in but had to wait a bit for a server to come over. She was no where to be found infact. I guess we were supposed to assume that the chalk board was their complete menu even though we'd never been there before. I settled for a glass of pino and passing on dinner since the menu seemed limited and kinda pricy for such a limited menu. The pino was good and the waitress did become more attentitive but it was too late. We headed down to North 3rd where the service was great and so was the food.I've been here a few times and I would recommend it. While it's not awesome, it is very good. I've only ever had the burgers and fries, but they are quite good and I have to say I am a real fan of the sknny crunchy fries. My girlfriend had the eggplant on Saturday and after cleaning her plate she stole the last 1/4 of my burger because she was stills starving. So in my opinion, stay with the burgers and fries. 
The service isn't always the best, but it is a bar so for that standard I think they are fine. Anyway, if you are looking for a good burger and a beer, you could do better, but you could do A LOT worse.My family went to Standard Tap to try their burger as part of my teenage son & my "Burger Quest" for the best burger in Philly. I know they get great write-ups for their burgers (many here have raved) but we were unimpressed.  It was OK but that's it.  It lacked flavor and the buns were on the dry side. I don't see why everyone is raving.  I've found many other burgers in Philly that I would put ahead of Standard Tap: Perch Pub, Village Whisky, Butcher & Singer and Good Dog to name a few.
I'm not saying it's not a worthwhile place for many other reasons: beer, value, overall menu.  The burger is just not one of them.It's hard to say anything about Standard Tap that hasn't already been covered here.  So instead of telling you things everyone else can, I'll share a story that only one other person can tell.
In early April, my friend from college (woo, Syracuse) came up to visit me from Richmond, VA.  One night, we headed to Standard Tap for a late dinner and delicious beers.  It was a Wednesday, but the bar and dining room were pretty populated.  
We settled into two seats at the bar, orders a few beers (I think we were drinking Yards that night), and caught up on the two years that we hadn't seen each other.  After a few drinks and dropping a few dollars into the juke box, we ordered dinner.  I went with one of my two standards, the burger (the other is the portabella sandwich) and she had the pork sandwich, I believe.  Our food was great, like it always is, and we chatted with the bartender the whole time.
I had been working all day, and that coupled with the beers was making me a bit of a yawny-face.  The bartender must have noticed, because he then asked us what we needed to wake ourselves up.  Jokingly, I suggested that perhaps we should engage in a game to keep our minds awake, and my friend agreed.  She wanted to play Connect Four.  Laughing at us, the bartender walked away to the end of the bar. 
We continued to talk about boyfriends and jobs and college, when he came back, and on the bar in front of us he set down CONNECT FOUR.
Yes, that's right, Standard Tap has board games, or at least one game.  We played for the next half hour, loving every moment, of course.
If that's not one more reason to love Standard Tap, I don't know what is.While the atmosphere was good and the staff accommodating at first for a large party, the manager quickly realized that having an additional 20 people fill his otherwise sparsely filled bar was too much for him to handle at midnight on a Saturday. Once 1am tolled he quickly stood on a stool and shouted "leave!" gesticulating towards the exit. I don't plan on going back.So, I like Standard Tap.  The food is awesome the beer selection is great, and the service is fast and friendly.  I don't go to No Libs often, but this is a spot I like to drink at when I'm in the area.  I feel that they are a little pricey, but I guess they can be because of lack of competition.  I think their happy hour could be a little better.  $1 off a draft isn't the best deal in the world, but they are my only complaints really.  If you're in Northern Liberties then this is the place to drink good beer.I don't know what I was thinking last time. I must have ordered the wrong thing, because I went back to Standard Tap yesterday and had a much different experience than I was expecting- I was mightily impressed by the brunch here.
I got the goat cheese, tomato, and basil omelette, one friend got the burger, and the others got the avocado toast. Definitely make sure you ask if the dish comes with sides-- I didn't expect the hash brown (which is exciting!) or the size of the biscuit I received. Plus, my friends got an entire avocado on their plates! I was pleasantly surprised by the fries, which were light and flavorful. My omelette was really tasty.
I thought the portions were great (even erring on the side of larger than expected). I suspect that the last time I was here, I just ordered a dish that was portioned smaller because it was a dessert. This time I had at least a four star experience.
But the reason for the fifth star is where the food comes from. I asked the waitress (who was great with questions about beer, too) if they source locally-- not only does Standard Tap support local agriculture, but it also gets organic supplies as well. I hope that, in the future, Standard Tap can express this more clearly to customers, because it explains the pricing of the dishes better (and makes me feel good about eating it in the process!).Friendly staff.  Quite possibly the best burger I've had in years.  There seem to be a lot of regulars; that's always a good sign.
There's always a good mix of neighborhood folks who've been here for years, hipsters, and folks who travel from other neighborhoods for some excellent pub fare.  The pork sandwich is great!  They take standard pub grub and mix in some creative offerings.  I've never had a bad meal here. The deck is nice for a cool summer evening.  The beer selection is really good, but thankfully that doesn't mean wine drinkers are stuck with Vendange.  I've had some good wine here, too!  There's also the usual (and cheap) Yuengling. 
This is a good place to take visitors from out-of-town if they want a taste of everyday Philly.I went to this place wanting a good burger, and after seeing the first picture on yelp, I decided to go to this place.
Don't be deceived though!! The burger looks NOTHING like the one in the picture! First off, it says ribeye burger, but ribeye isn't even an option on the menu, so We got the standard burger, which was absolutely  disappointing. Fries were tiny and soggy.
Also, I assume they're trying to be cool with the whole no menu thing, so instead, had it posted randomly throughout the restaurant on chalkboards. Ok, the idea would be cute if I didnt have to get up from my table and walk to someone else's table to awkwardly stand there and explain that i'm not a creeper and that im just trying to read the tiny font on the menu. 
I would've given a 2 for the food, but indeed the outside balcony is very appealing, and did have some good beer choices. Would come again for drinks, but next time will make sure to sit somewhere I can read the damn board.The burger is actually better than its reputation.  Their beer selection is second-to-none.Great beer selection and the food is so much better than the regular dive bar options. We had an excellent bartender who gave great recommendations. I'll be going here more often.I've liked Standard Tap more in the past, but lately the menu has become willfully idiosyncratic. Pork cheeks, clams and corn, octopus bruschetta? For brunch? To each his own, but not my cup of tea. Seems if you can't get some pairing of eggs and meat right for brunch...you ought to pass on the more eclectic pairings.
Had the red, white and blue pancakes...absolutely indulgent. Good save.Holy cow...I never thought I'd say this, but "You absolutely must try the octopus!" The flavors popped and the textures were amazing. Definitely wasn't the traditional chewy octopus everyone is used to. Most interesting, delicious take on bruschetta I've ever tasted.Awesome neighborhood bar that perfectly captures the spirit of NoLibs. Excellent and ever-changing draft list. Cocktails are creative and change often. Wine list is interesting and fairly priced. Don't expect to find a menu online - the chalkboard menus change often and are totally seasonal and fresh. The food is incredible and interesting. Their burger is a constant on the menu, and it is one of my favorite meals in the 19123 zip code. It's a don't miss spot if you are heading to the Northern Liberties.Standard Tap has sub-standard service. I'm a short bike ride away, so I loved coming here until I tried to get some fries for my sick housemate and was told that it HAD TO BE EATEN ON THE PREMISES. Usually the staff is pretty attentive, but the bartenders were really curt and left us feeling incredibly unwelcomed. No longer a devoted patron, I will find my standard burger and fries elsewhere.I really like this place.  Ordering at the bar makes sense and more pubs and bars should do that.  
Someone kept playing loads of joy division as well so that was pretty cool.
This place was chill enough it may make me get over my allergy to Northern Liberties and leave Center City once in a while.Went with my girlfriend and family for a quick meal and it turned into a really nice evening.  The food was really good since we shared I had a taste of a bunch of meals including a burger (pretty damn good and cooked perfect), soft shell crab sandwich (was awesome a large), salad (better than we could have ever expected), calamari (what can you say its bar quality calamari but was still pretty good), fries (cut thin and crispy - a crowd pleaser) and beer (Love it).  We sat on the deck so the atmosphere was perfect.  The only downside was that our service was slightly slow (not with food but with drinks) so that's why only 4 stars.  Otherwise perfect for bar food and atmosphere and drinks.Saw this joint on triple d and had to go. Was hoping for the octopus but they no longer serve that dish! Instead we had the chicken pie and the roast pork shoulder sandwich. Both were superb. The roast pork sandwich was two thick slices of pork shoulder with greens and apple slaw on top. This wacky joint is worth the visit for sure!Finally came here over the weekend and man do I regret not having tried this place sooner.
I started off with 2 oysters (Medium-sized, I forget exactly what kind). At first I was kinda disappointed it just came with one thing of a chunky, unidentified sauce, cuz usually I like adding all the vinegar/hot sauce/etc stuff you get with oysters at most places. It turned out it was a red vinaigrette slushie type thing (slightly frozen) and it was DELICIOUS. The oysters were super high quality and tasted really fresh and delicious - no salt or weird fishy taste.
Next up was the chicken pie and mussels with red curry. WOWWWWWWW. The chicken pie was in this crossaint type thing - imagine a chicken pot pie in a crossaint (aka heaven) and that's what I was eating. It came on a salad with a light but yummy dressing. Ate every bite. The mussels were so so good. The waitress said they were spicy but it was perfect for me. NOM. The bread it came with was hearty and tasted fantastic with the sauce. I would've eaten that sauce as a soup with just the bread.
Overall, great service. Also fantastic roof deck type vibe on their "porch" I highly recommend coming on a nice day and sitting outside! 
I will be back, and soon.Hmm, there seems to be some inconsistency in their cooking. This past time, my pulled pork sandwich, the accompanying chips, and the wife's fries were inedibly salty. Her burger was okay, but nothing special, particularly for $12. We also tried the octopus that everyone seems to rave about and found it to be dry and tasteless. Steak tostada was okay, and the ribs were actually the best part of the meal (albeit pricey at $16). Relax, we came with a group - it's not like we had all that by ourselves :/
Anyways, I don't remember the food being this bad on a previous visit. That and the reasonable beer selection = 2 stars. Probably won't be back though - there's so much better in Philly.Wow....I just went to Standard Tap and all I can say is SO MUCH WOW. Groovy food, tasty beers, delightful service. ;) Christmas garland is second to none. Captivating atmosphere, non-offense stench. I've never been assaulted here. Poutine is great - bring back the duck salad. CHICKEN PIE TIL I DIE. The firkin is workin'. Thought provoking artwork. #69Where do you go on a drizzly sunday afternoon when in need of some drinks, food and seats for friendly conversation? why not here?! In between brunch and dinner they have a small break and menu change then the kitchen opens right back up.  In the meantime they keep serving drinks :)
Friendly service altho a little slow considering the place was not crowded at all.  Must compliment the one waitress on her excellent penmanship when writing up the menu board with chalk.  I'm sure we'll be back, no 4th star since it took a while to order our last round as well as getting the check.Great place to go for good food and drinks especially when all the places on the piazza are packed. It is so close to the piazza you can grab and bite to eat and then go to any event that is going on there and it is only a few seconds away. The burgers are very tasty except (like other reviewers mentioned) the buns are a little big. The fried clams are awesome. I especially like that their dessert goes to profit charity!  My fiance likes the selection of beers and the mixed drinks are good. Ordering at the bar is fine since the upstairs isn't big. Never crowded so finding seating isn't hard. Atmosphere is casual and fun and seating on the deck is great. 
Parking is never really good though- one of the downfalls of this area.Talk about a bad taste in your mouth...
Don't get me wrong, 99% of the time I'm in love with the Tap, but I felt the need to write an update because of my most recent visit.  A few friends and I took my fiance out for her birthday, so we all met up at the old hang-out spot.  We sat at the upstairs bar and slowly, our group trickled in.  The beers started flowing and for any server/bartender, this is a good thing.  We all waited tables while in college so naturally, we all over-tip and are broke the next day.  But again, we appreciate good service.  
Well, we must have got the wrong bartender on the wrong night.  I've actually had this women serve us before and noticed then that she had a bad attitude, so I'm thinking the "right night or not excuse" doesn't apply - she's just pissed off all the time.  We sat at the bar and I guess one of the tap handles broke... three times my fiance and I got splashed with beer.  Not once, not twice, three times.  I must have been a moron for not getting up and moving after the second time, I just assumed they would have taken care of it by then.  They didn't and after the third time, we got up and went to the 700 Club.  The worst part was, we didn't get an apology, she didn't throw us a hand-full of napkins, nothing.  If I were her, I would have like took care of our next round or gave us a few shots or at least apologized... She looked at me, continued to poor the beer and went about her business.
I never felt more out of place and unwanted at a bar.I'm sorry.  I just can't get over the fact that they a) don't publish their menu on their website b) don't have printed menus to read at your table and c) the menu does not have any descriptions!
My husband and I headed there to try the famous burger, but I'd be very reluctant to go again because I'd have no idea what kinds of food they serve or the price range of the menu options.  And I certainly wouldn't suggest it as a group dinner location for the same reasons.  But I digress.  Back to our burger experience.
We headed up around 2 pm on a Saturday and pretty much had the place to ourselves.  Only one other table was occupied, as well as a few patrons at the bar.  I ordered the PBC Cider and was a little disappointed with it.  It was like a slightly alcohol-y apple juice.  Not a reflection on Standard Tap, but figured I'd share.  
Both of us got the burger- one with fries and one we substitued the fries with a salad ($3 upcharge, FYI).  I really enjoyed my burger, but I didn't feel like it was the best one I've eaten in the city.  I really liked the roll and the fact that they use monterrey jack cheese.  The "caramelized" onions were not caramelized at all, but were still tasty.  The meat itself was good, but nothing out of the ordinary.  I thought the bun to meat ratio was spot on.
Service was good- probably they need to hire good people to field all the menu questions!  The waitress explained what was on the burger when we ordered them, which was helpful.
Would I come back?  Eh, I feel like there are better places to get a burger in the city (and places that are closer to my home in S Philly).  If I had a friend that was dying to check out their burger, I would certainly head up there with them.  But I wouldn't go out of my way to come back.This place is amazing!! I love their effort on sustainability, getting their ingredients from local farms and drinks from local breweries. The food and atmosphere are great. You can tell things are really fresh as they grown some of the veggies and herbs themselves. Everything we have tried there has been excellent. I highly recommend the sea food, chicken pie, and burger. Also the creme brûlée is very good. I understand that not having menus can be annoying for some people, but I think it is great that their menu is always changing and they need to add and erase things everyday.I have yet to eat here, but I can attest to the bar end of the spectrum.  Great selection, cool bar/deck upstairs, good waitstaff.
This neighborhood has a ton of good bars within a short walk.  Its an alcoholics dream.as far as gastropubs go there is standard tap then there are others  -- great food and some solid beers .. their lunch/dinner menu is fanfriggingtastic -  staples such as the duck salad, burgers and mussels- the sauce in that bowl must be made by magical elves b/c it is so goddamn delicious, seriously the entire eagle's  offensive line could bathe in it after doing 2 a days and i would still dip bread in it  & eat it w/ a smile- soft shell crabs, scallops, brats ... things are constantly changing  around the menu to keep things interesting- they include a lot of game: boar, venison, rabbit, etc. .I much rather eat here than any restuarant in cc-.. though the breakfast brunch on sunday has been on the average side...the atmosphere is nice: the laid back downstairs is a bit dark, but i prefer upstairs or the roof deck. bartenders are really nice  though some of the wait staff carry a bit of a tude....I am neither yuppie nor hipster I am an innocent bystander in your blood feud so how bout taking that stick out of your ass... I think the burger is a bit overrated- decent but i just think it can use a bigger patty - their sister site -johnny brenda has a better one.. there desserts are really tasty though ...yuo i said tasty.Been here twice but only for drinking. The ambiance is nice. Very lively especially later in the night. Great place to come with friends to have a great time over beer.Good if you just want to walk into a place and have a casual dinner, but really nothing to write home about. Very limited menu and rather expensive for what it is. Burger is better at north 3rd. Also not a lot of people in the dining area, feels empty with not a lot of ambiance. I like this place for drinks on the patio but not really for dinner.Get the portabella mushroom sandwich!  It's a cheesy with alfalfa sprouts & it's amazing!  The fries here are da bomb!  
Excellent beers on tab and friendly servers.  
The only negative thing I have to report is that the upstairs bar/seat-yourself/order yourself thing going on is kinda confusing.  I wish they just had servers up there to take your orders... it's tough to pick out your beers from a chalk board on one side of the room and then go to the other side of the room to see the menu (on another chalk board).My chicken pie was a bit salty, i followed yelpers advice and tried it... couldn't finish it. 
My boyfriends veal sandwich was amazing.
Staff seemed unhappy we had a group of 12, she decided to make a table with 10 seats... thanks.
Im all for supporting local businesses but cant i just get a good beer? not pbr?
i wish they played music or at least turned it up, upstairs.
overall, just an average bar in my opinion, nothing spectacular. sorry standard tap lovers.Chicken pot pie! Burger, duck confit salad. Great food , great vibe, great bar. They were the first keg beer and gastro pub cool place in the city. They still crank it out. Grungy enough not too hipster. Get the fried smelts!!After our tour at Yards Brewing Company last Saturday, we were ready for even more beer, so we headed over to Standard Tap for brunch. We had made a reservation, and were seated promptly in a small room upstairs. It felt like we had the place to ourselves, which was good, because 11 people + having just done a brewery tour = obnoxiousness, most always. Anyway, our server was nice and accommodating and didn't seem to mind.
The brunch menu was available on a chalk board, which was cool but maybe slightly inconvenient since I had to get up to see it. I opted for the ham and cheese croquettes, which were topped with eggs and served with brown gravy. The food was really on point. The croquettes were delicious.  I don't recall what others had, but everyone seemed to enjoy their meals quite a bit. And the beer selection was great, although I was all beer-ed out and had the bloody mary instead. 
Standard Tap is definitely a place I'll make note of for future trips to Philly!Last night was my son's and daughter-in-law's rehearsal dinner for 25.  Dominic was unbelievable about working within our guidelines and at the same time accomodating our children for those wants and needs.  No one could have done a better job to get all our needs and parameters met and for everybody to enjoy the evening.  Thank you so much!I love the portabello burgers here. They have good oysters here too.  The ribs will rock your socks off. I've never had a bad meal here. The service here is always awesome. I guess it helps that my friend works here, and gets me free drinks from time to time.I'm new to the neighborhood and stopped in here for a date the other weekend, we were just wondering around trying to find a spot to grab a beer and this place looked like a good spot to start out.
Our intuition was correct! Though there was a decent crowd, we didn't have any issues finding a seat, and were served nearly immediately.  My date got the steak tostada, and he really liked it.  I had a liquid dinner, but was impressed with the beer selection.
Though its not immediately visible, there is some prime outdoor seating off of the second floor bar.  It was a great place to watch the city and chat.Recent visit was awful, however I have had a good experience other times. I see someone posted a picture of the ham and cheese croquettes which I ordered the other day and was served completely different. It was one croquette on a plate with a leaf and no sauce or anything. I cut into it and took a bite the inside was freezing cold. I told the bartender I did not want it and he said, "I ate half of it and he would heat it up for me." I never said I was not paying, so I didn't understand why he said he would heat it up for me when I mentioned specifically I did not want it? Needless to say I asked for the tab, paid and left. I hate not finishing my beer either! This experience left an awful taste in my mouth! However the upstairs is nice they have outdoor seating and cool lights. Extensive beer selection. Also have a fire place upstairs which is neat. Have had better service upstairs, however not sure if I will be back.Quaint Gastro-pub. The staff was very welcoming and personable. 20 local beers on tap as well as season inspired cocktails. I had the Apple Sapphire which was very light with a refreshing crisp. The sword fish with the salad bed was amazing. My boyfriend had the smoked salmon sandwich with fries. Amazing as well. Will definitely be returning.Always my go to bar in the area. I've never had a bad experience. The best for a low key night of drinking. The crowd varies but I feel like it's consistently getting a little more douchey which is upsetting. You can tell by the music (they have a juke box). The bartenders are always nice. I even left my id there once and when I realized and went back the bartender was nice enough to not add the % on to my card. I've never tried the food but I heard it's pretty good.Competent and genuinely friendly service. Delicious food, good drinks, and great local beers on tap. All of this wrapped up in a spectacular package of great ambience. I had heard about Standard Tap for quite some time, and I am sorry that it took me so long to get here! I will certainly be back soon.A unique city bar that I got a chance to experience a few weeks ago.  We got the chance to sit up on the roof which was very nice especially in the good weather.  As a beer guy I enjoyed their good and unique selections of beer and had their burger which is one of the better burgers I have had in Philadelphia.Don't see what all the fuss is about this "hipster joint"
First of all I know they have a big turnover of beer; but not having a physical menu for them was just annoying. I've tried easily over 500 brews in my lifetime and saw  many here I have never heard of before. Having to ask our server about each one of  them was plain ridiculous!
We went on a warm summer Sat. early eve and the noise downstairs was deafening. Decided to go up; discovered an outdoor patio and waited pretty long for a table. 3 of us were seated at was seemed like a 2-top; making it a bit crowded. Seats were also very uncomfortable. Again just a black board menu, but it didn't bother me as much as having no beer descriptions.
The burger was really nice; as was the service considering how busy it was.The chilled asparagus soup was just meh.
I'm in no hurry to return however. I'll leave No Libs & Standard Tap for the hipsters to enjoy.Had brunch here with 3 others and it was very tasty. Service was friendly and always nearby if we needed anything without being intrusive. Don't expect your usual omelette and scrambled eggs dishes here, the menu was interesting and varied. Prices on the high side, we did enjoy some bloody Marys with brunch which put our costs up but total for our meal was $170 without tip. I would recommend a reservation if you plan on going. The restaurant filled up around 12:30.1 star for food, 5 stars for atmosphere and 4 stars for service.  Why 1 star for food?  
My girlfriend ordered the crab cake platter.  $30 ok but it has to be good. When we tried it, it was inedible to the point we assumed the crab went bad.  We sent it back for signature burger which was very good not great.  
When we told the waitress about the crab going bad she mentioned they all tried it in the kitchen and loved it.  She also said we may not like the vinager flavor....  Now vinager can be used in a crab cake but it was doused.  I ran privte events for top chefs from Connecticut to Palm Beach and never have I tasted vinager flavor in a crab cake.  If a chef made a crab cake he needs to taste a piece before serving.  It may be considered to the owner a money drain however we had to send back a $30 dish.  We NEVER ever send food back.
I'd pay $50 for a great crab cake any day, however this was very much an unfortunate first time at Standard Tap.  I still feel the seafood was bad. 
Recommend going, even trying the crab cake, it's impossible to enjoy it.  Vinager taste and seafood do not mix unless it's a squid or octopus salad.  Maybe it was a bad batch, if so then the chef needs to taste before allowing the VERY friendly food runner bring it to the table.
We will give it another try as our service was superb, and ambiance was very relaxing. 
If Standard Tap is reading this please go easy on the vinager.  
Thanks,
Brad MessengerSummary: Bar that serves tasty food
Review: in my mind, this place is primarily a bar: noisy, lots of beers on tap, no reservations, wooden booth tables. But, once we got our table, we discovered they serve write-home-good food. My burger was the best burger I've had in the city. At our table, the mussels and the seafood stew also received much praise. Of course, we were onto our third and forth rounds of their fun local beers. Wonder how much that affected our opinion.I am huge fan of gastro pubs and I am open to try anything.  Standard Tap is good but not great.  Service was ok, my meal was not what i was expecting and not what the waitress described but it tasted good.  My biggest dislike is that the menu is on the wall, who can see that far?  Not me.  i prefer my menu to be in front of me.Went to standard tap for first time thankfully it can be my last. The draft list was awesome but service and food was bottom of the barrel most disappointing outing of the year. I had to get up to read a food menu and beer list. There was zero description of food items so mussels had to be replated with no meat. The Brussels came out with some kind of teriyaki sirricha sauce that was the absolute worse combination of flavors I have ever tasted in my life. The oysters were fresh and good. I don't care how often you change your menu invest in a printer and print your small menu with descriptions if for no other reason then for guest experience. Would go back for a beer but nothing else. Service ad food are not a focus here that's for sure.ATTN VEGANS:  chickpea sandwich is back.  make sure you tell them you don't want cheese on it though  :-/I find myself stumbling through their door every couple of months, usually to grab a drink at the upstairs bar.  Nothing against the food, virtually everything I have ever eaten here was really good, it's just that I am yet to have good service here.  It seems as though they are always short a server or 2.  They are constantly running around seemingly lost, which results in a decent wait for your next round of drinks, or for your check to be dropped.
  I tried giving them another chance a few weeks ago when I had friends in town and Unfortunately nothing had changed. The food was good (I had the tilapia sandwich) and a good friend of mine had the pulled pork sandwich.  I will say that the pulled pork smelt like a fart I would have the morning after a long night of drinking super cheap beer.  It was off putting, however it did not taste like it smelt, it was actually delicious.
  They always have a great selection of local beer which is constantly rotating so if your a beer drinker I suggest giving it a shot!Bloody Mary's are ridiculous.  The Brunch is underrated. As chill a spot at night for craft beers, this spot is even better on a wknd for brunch, eggs, and recapping the prior nights festivities. 
Even better, drink here Sat night, pass out, and stay for brunch Sunday.So, we were originally going to to Village Whiskey (feel free to check out my review of that experience) and wound up here instead. 
And I am so glad we did! I knew Standard had a great burger and thought I would end up getting that again. But, earlier in the evening, 
I had pulled up Standard's website and noticed they had made a point of listing that they sometimes offer game meats. Now that we were there, I made a point of looking past the burger offerings. 
Roast Boar and antelope. 
Antelope! Frigging antelope! I have never seen antelope on a menu in my life! I asked the server (a very helpful and accommodating, and personable server, who never let our water glasses go empty) how it was prepared as game meats can sometimes be, well, gamey. He explained the presentation of the dish and I decided that I must try it. I ordered it medium rare. I also ordered pumpkin soup. 
The pumpkin soup came out piping hot and a lovely deep shade of orange. It was served with a roll (which was a Little on the stale side) and butter. The soup was thick and rich and nicely seasoned. I was happy to see pumpkin soup on the menu as not too many places in the US really do pumpkin soup (at least that I have seen). 
The antelope was cooked perfectly and was so tender and rich and juicy I felt like singing (but restrained myself). On the side there was a bit of homemade chutney consisting of white raisins, dried apricots, fresh ginger root, cinnamon, and, I do believe some currants. It was a lovely counterpart to cut the richness of the antelope. It also came with a lovely piece of goat cheese, mushroom, and phyllo dough pie. A bit of the pie dipped into the meat juices with a touch of chutney was rich and full-bodied in flavor. 
My bf had chicken croquettes for an appetizer and steak and fries for his entree. The croquettes were light and not at all greasy. They tasted almost as though they had been made with a little bit of stuffing which was nice. The gravy in which they were served was perfectly seasoned and not at all too salty (something I have often encountered in restaurant gravies). He said his steak and fries were excellent and I believe him. He is pretty fussy about steak. 
So, yeah, I am so glad Village Whiskey was a logistical bust for us this evening! Hooray for Standard Tap! They are soooo much more than burgers!I used to live in the neighborhood and this was always one of my favorite spots. Came back for Father's Day and had a great experience. We had a big group of 10 and they sent us up in a great spot upstairs. The waitress was super friendly and helpful. We had smelts and shrimp as an appetizer. Both we very good. I highly recommend the pork sandwich, the burgers, mussels, and gnocchi. Basically, everything we ordered was good...and of course, they have an excellent selection of locals beers on tap.The food is outstanding - brunch, dinner, really any meal, and I love the atmosphere as well. The baked goods, variety of savory dishes, and their awesome bloody Marys...It's our go-to fir date night or with a group of friends. We had a special occasion at the Tap and Dolly and her team were a dream to work with. I can't recommend this place highly enough. My only hesitation is that if enough people find out how great it is it'll be harder to get in...Went to this place about 2 weeks ago for the first time and it became my favorite place to drink and have something simple to eat , really good burgers and beer,  plenty of space downstairs and upstairs our waiter was really cool , wasn't accustomed to tap beer but the selection of locally brewed beer is even betterCrazy about this place. It is always a good stop. The rooftop seating is my favorite. They have the usual bar menu but with a few exocit additions that I always try and explore. They are one of the few places in town that have a varity of ciders- the pear is the best.
Two thumbs up- more if I had themYikes, this feels somehow blasphemous to write a 2* review of a much-vaunted institution, but alas, that was the impression it left on me. 
We came by for a couple of drinks and apps over the weekend, and it turned out to be their "big wood" beer week. I was excited to hear that they had a number of oak-aged beers on tap, and available in flights. I ordered one of the flights, and it's definitely my fault for not noticing sooner, as it was right there on the board, but I found it was $15. OK, let me qualify this: it had a beer from Manayunk, one from Sly Fox (suburbs), one from Weyerbacher, and another one--all local brews. These are are not fancy belgians or even particularly special. They are decent beers. Not $15 worth of beer. 
We also ordered the meat and cheese plate, which came with a couple of pieces of toasted bread (perhaps ciabatta), a couple of fanned pieces of hot capicola, three little piece of cheese, and mustard. This was $13. No fig jam, honey, etc. That also seems pretty pricey. 
Service was fine.
So perhaps the lesson here is that this place is good for stopping in and ordered a beer from their nice draft list, but to be careful with the prices for anything else. At $45 for a flight, a beer, and a meat/cheese plate, it's definitely at the higher end of the price range--and there are lots of better places within a short walk from here. 
Sorry again for my lack of reverence to a storied institution, but I have to call 'em like I see 'em.If I had a child that I wanted to keep in contact with, I would name it Standard Tap.  Yeah I would.  Because I like this bar/restaurant. Every time I'd yell at my mini-me, I would be reminded of the glorioius restaurant for which it (I don't know the sex yet) is named after. Yes I could use post it notes or long term memory to remind myself of this eating and drinking establishment but I'd rather place the burden on my child. I would like them to grow up knowing, before we switch to eating Soilent Green and Matrix robots make us suck on protein vomit through vacuum tubes, that there existed a place where delicious solid food and special brewed beer existed in the same place. They'll know that their dad ate there. And by the tear in my eye, from each time I call their name, they'll know it was good.Great building, real food, terrific beer selection.This is my favorite restaurant in Philadelphia. I don't think I have ever eaten a dish here without moaning to myself "mmmm." I'm never disappointed with the menu, despite the fact that it is constantly changing. If you like meat and potatoes/meat and vegetable comfort classics, then you'll love this food. 
Different rooms in the bar offer different experiences. I love the upstairs bar, which has a fireplace and serve-yourself coffee (for brunch.) For food you have to get up and look at the menu on the wall and order with the bartender. I love this because it takes away the feeling of being constricted to your seat. I sometimes find myself leaving my seat and standing by the bar chatting with the bartender or other customers. It changes the whole experience of dining in a very interesting way. The roof/porch room offers another great atmosphere, perfect for brunch or summer nights. 
I have been a customer since the early 2000s and I still love this placeThe most bizarre painting in Philly can be found here.   Seriously, there is something extremely unsettling about a drainage ditch.   It's like someone took a picture perfect Norman Rockwell painting and then gave the friendly dentist a giant hairy mole.We came here to pre-game before a night of fun bowling at North Bowl.  I like the upstairs venue and bar, as it was a little more intimate than the downstairs area.  They have a good selection of beers on draft (I went with a Yards IPA and a Yards Pale Ale).  The ambiance was pretty cool too, as it had a wood decor and candle lit lighting.Grilled Broccoli was EXCELLENT. Some spice/kick to it; you've been warned.
Lamb Pierogi (2) were also fantastic, I almost ordered them a second time.
Decent happy hour, it is pricier than I anticipated, but worth every penny. Friendly bartenders who offered up a few other places to try around town.Loved Standard Tap from way back... but after a decade or so the kitchen has gone somewhat subStandard.  Duck Salad will always be a simple gastronomic pleaser... But the Chix Pie has gotten blah, and other people have been doing octopus better for a while now.  Busy scene, good old reliable bartenders (for the most part), and nice open space in warm weather.I like this places dim lighting, I hate their $9 smelts plate... greasy oily & canned. All their menu items are about $3-4 overpriced. Like a $14 burger ... go away you can find an awesome burger in a cool bar for $9 in Philadelphia. Tried this place 3+ times and every time I leave saying it's not for me. Try it... you might like it.This place was simply amazing. Can not imagine what it will be like in the evening. 
The octopus bruschetta was crazy amazing! 
The burger was huge and so delicious 
It is kind of small but awesome
Will totally doing again and again
Their beer selection is huge, specially local beersWith so many people having reviewed Standard Tap, I doubt I could add anything new to the mix.
But, I will reiterate what most people have said previously. This place has a super inviting, really chill, come-on-in-and-have-a-drink-already kind of atmosphere that most bars just can't seem to get right. Plus the food is great (phenom burgers), the beer is cold ($3 Yards? oh hell yes), and the people don't suck (usually). 
Get your ass over there if you've never been. I mean, what the hell are you waiting for? This place rocks!I came here early before a private event my friend was having so that I could try some things on their menu. When we sat down the bartender/waitress was okay-I don't want to say rude but definitely-okay. We ordered the chicken pie which was really good! It's not creamy inside like a typical pot pie, just full of meat and veggies with a super flaky crust. We also ordered the ricotta app which was good but you can only eat so much cheese and toast. 
The event also had several app dishes to pick from, all were very good but I couldn't tell you what they were. 
All in all I wouldn't mind going back to try other things.The standard tap is more than a bar to me. The Standard Tap is like an old friend. Consistent and loyal, always welcoming, no matter how long I stay away. The food is great, and their are plenty of options. they have a nice beer list, and I always find something I want. The music never disappoints, and I can almost hear it whisper" I know you love this song, Steve" They are known for their burger, but in the countless times I have been there, I have never had one. Too many other choices. some of my favorites are bratwurst and sauerkraut, chicken pot pie, Muscles and chorizo and the lamb sandwich. 
Like an old friend, I probably take the Tap for granted. I might forget to mention it when discussing "must try spots" I know it doesn't need me to sing it's praises, but its always nice to hear, so... I love you buddy, thanks for being you.This place is different, but a good different. The inside is relatively dim, and the menu is on a constant rotation. They have chalkboards for both the drink menu and the food menu due to the constant changes. They had over 20 beers in tap, so there was quite a selection.
I had an IPA draft along with an empanada appetizer and a fried crab sandwich. The food was amazing - huge empanadas, great filling. And the crab sandwich was great too. Good sauce, vegetables on it worked well too. 
They also have a roof with seating that I'll definitely check out on my next visit.Drinks here are great, but after four visits (and extensive restaurant going in Philly), I relunctantly conclude that for methe food is overrated and over priced.
The upstairs room with the bar has the strongest air conditioning. Service is at the bar, and the bartenders are always quick and attentive. They have a fabulous, rotating draft menu. When my BF and I are were house shopping in the neighborhood, we spend several hours here mulling options and debating trade-offs. Needless to say, this required many drinks, and the staff was attentive all afternoon while we lingered in a side room. There's also a gorgeous outdoor area on the second floor.
Food is promising at brunch and there is usually a French toast with berries on the menu (my fav). The place gets rave reviews for dinner fare, including a Philly Mag nod as a top-50 restaurant last year. Personally, I don't see it. Menu is fresh and changes daily (it's written on chalk boards in each floor--no paper copies), but fried food sometimes comes out greasy. Salads are fresh and well seasoned, but the menu is usually dispointing. Prices are high for bar food.
Overall: get a drink here, but head around the corner to North 3rd for great food and an equally good beer selection.I like this bar.  I don't like the crowd.  It's as if there are no other decent bars in the area and all the **** want to come here.  If this bar were in NYC, it would be located right next to Penn station or somewhere in Midtown east.  The bar has a spacious first floor and second floor.  There are plenty of places to go, it's just overcrowded (I was here on a Friday night).  The place has a raw bar which I think is fun and buts the aphrodisiacs within reach.  The lighting was good but the music volume was out of control too loud and included Joy Division and Ladyhawk.  I had to yell directly into friend's ears and got the conciliatory "I don't know what you just said but I don't want to keep talking" nod.  I saw some reviewers say that it was too quiet at times, so maybe it changes or is a matter of opinion.  The upstairs has an outdoor terrace which was really nice even though we were here in during the dead of winter, it was nice to get some fresh air.  
They have Victory lager for $4 and a $15 credit card min
In the end, try this place out on one of its less busy nights.I don't write a lot of reviews but this place blew my mind. Thought it would be just standard bar food and it was like a 5 star restaurant. Beyond amazing!!! I had the antelope - ughhhhh get it I just had a food orgasmCame here for brunch this morning and ofcourse had some famous Bloody Marys! They were awesome! I had a mushroom omelette with cheese and caramelized onions. This was not on the menu but the chef came out and recommended this when he saw I wanted eggs. The omelet was very flavorful and delicious.  My gf ordered the egg crape enchiladas, they were really good and very different from anything ive tried in the past.  Great place!!!! And hands down the best Blood Mary! Cant wait to come back again!Great beer selection, great food, great location, great service. This place has it all. They have a very unique selection of beers, and an even better food menu. Last time I was there I had baby octopus. It was delish. Everything I have ever tried there was been incredible. It is a multilevel led bar, with a fun design, and a great staff. Just a great place to eat, drink, laugh.Came here on a Sunday after the Broad Street Run with some friends and wow, awesome. I had the Yards Love Stout and a bacon cheeseburger that was just amazing. It came with lettuce, tomato, onion and mushrooms. Very juicy and NOT skimpy on the bacon at all. 
The Yards Stout paired well with the burger, very smooth, creamy and full of flavor. 
I'd recommend to anyone visiting or if you live in the area.House made liverwurst?  Tasty.  Wish they hadn't given me a scant ounce sliced super thin.  I used to like this place.  But it stinks.  So many other decent restaurants in the area.  Go somewhere else.I swear this is the best burger I've ever had. Revisiting this ol favorite and still am I amazed how excellent the food is. Feeling it? Go for the double standard.Standard Tap is an institution.  Dubbed by many as Philadelphia's first--and best--gastropub, I gotta say that this place lives up to the hype.  Every dish I've had there has been a hit and they always have a LEGIT draft list with all my West Coast faves: Arrogant Bastard, Stone IPA, Old Rasputin Stout to name a few. And for the indecisive peeps in your group, they usually have some solid beer flights available as well. Their beers change often so you should go there often too. And get the chicken pot pie or beef cheek sandwich while you're at it.  You will not be disappointed my friend.  
Also they have a sick upstairs deck that's perfect for warm summer nights to chill and drink an ice cold, hoppy American IPA. 
Doesn't that sound good??
Oh and I almost forgot, the Standard Burger comes w/ sauteed mushrooms, thick slices of onion and tomato, and the bun has the perfect bun-to-patty chewiness ratio so that it doesn't completely disintegrate when you pick it up, but it is also soft enough that when you bite into it you don't crush all the burger innards or force everything out the back side and onto the floor. It's delicious.I've only been here to booze, so I can't comment on the food apart from the oysters - which were excellent (although the 100+ reviews can certainly attest to their other offerings). It's a casual bar atmosphere with a great tap list. I like that their upstairs bar has tables, but you order from the bar. The prices are good & beer is a $1 off during happy hour. The outdoor deck is awesome, but is very often totally full during nice weather.The food took forever. The place is huge though so I guess it's not horrible. It was fun and the drinks were reasonably priced. There's a pretty cool covered roof deck.We went here recently to watch an Eagles game and sat upstairs. We had a group of 6 and couldnt seat us downstairs so we went upstairs where the TV was and the bartender helped us move tables and chairs to we could st and watch the game.
The atmophere is friendly inside and as a second time dining there, the food was very good. I agree with some of the other reviews that it's more upscale bar food, but still a laxed "bar" feel. We ordered: Fried smelts (not for me but the men at the table enjoyed), the Tuscan salad, Chicken pot pie (excellent), Steak sandwich, burger, Clams in Garlic sauce, Brussels as a side, and the Lamp chop (small but very flavorful). Everyone liked their meal and the selection of beverages. Fries are delish!
My only change would be to have TV's in the main dining area so you can go eat and watch the game. 
If you do want to eat upstairs and watch the game at the bar, you can't make a reservation. If you want to make a reseveration, you have to sit in the main dining area. Not a huge deal, but for someone looking for both, Standard Tap doesn't have it. 
Overall, we really enjoy Stanard Tap!one of the best selections of craft brews in Philly. if you're a beer enthusiast this is the place to be, but don't just come for the amazing beers. the food is top notch.
i just enjoyed the mussels & sausage. if it was socially acceptable, i would have slurped up the incredible juice at the bottom of my bowl. i've eaten here about 8-10 times and i never had a bad meal.I came here around 1 am after a night out in Center City. The bar was not crowded at all. I absolutely loved the ambiance of the entire place. The industrial charm of Standard Tap made it very welcoming and cozy.
I asked for a good craft double IPA and the bartender hooked me up. Beers were served in the proper glass- a big plus in my book. I noticed they had a great selection of beers on tap. If I lived in Philadelphia, I would be here every day after work.If you asked me two weeks ago to write a review I would have said 4 stars, but they recently changed their menu and not for the good.  Omnivores rule, vegetarians will make out okay, but vegans are under serviced.  No vegan entrees.  Period.  Two sandwich options a la slimy grilled vegetable variety (don't forget to say "NO CHEESE").  or you could assemble some sides... but that's no fun.  It's really a shame because the chickpea sandwich was a unique option that had general appeal (not just for the conscious foodie).  service is great.  atmosphere is super!  quiet late week-nights on the roof deck are amazing!! ...it's just the menu that needs to be revisited.  I'll update this review when I can.Great place in Northern Liberties. We stopped in here on a Sunday afternoon for a beer and a bite. Great selection of local PA beers on tap. I went with an IPA from Tired Hands, which is always amazing. Great food too. All around great experience and friendly server. Nothing standard about this place.Good beer selection. Great food. Awesome atmosphere and vibe for a group. The beer selection is good but not as extensive as some other places to be called great. I didn't really have expectations for the restaurant going in and the food was definitely a pleasant surprise. Preparation and style of the food was pretty simple but well executed. Standard Tap deserves to be called a gastropub. Reservations are recommended as the place does get busy on weekends. 
The Food: The menu changes but my group tried most of the staples
1) Fried Squid (Calamari): probably the worst one of everything we tried and I would call it sub-par, but not bad. 
2) Mussels w/ Sausage: good mussels with a great tasting broth and some really good bread for dipping
3) Chicken Pie: a little overhyped on Yelp, I thought it was only okay and I probably wouldn't order again
4) Berkshire Pork Chop: simple, pretty moist for pork chop, but the other 2 entrees were better
5) Duck Breast: simple preparation, but the quality and taste of the duck meat were very good. If you like duck, definitely try it out!
6) Hanger Steak: a staple for a gastropub and it was well executed. Ordered it medium rare and it came out true medium rare and even all throughout, including the tips. The fries were excellent and even better when drenched in the steak juices. 
Overall, it was a great experience and I would highly recommend it. Just don't go in with high expectations, expecting the best meal of your life because that's not what this place is about.I usually come here about 2-3x a year.  And although I really want to love the place, I just haven't had anything beyond mediocre.  I do remember it was the fries and cozy ambience that drew me back after my first experience but since then I have yet to have a great fry at Standard Tap.  What happened???  They were so yummy that first night!  Anyhow, fries are not the biggest reason to come to a bar.  They do have a nice beer selection and the menu is usually fairly interesting.  I'd like to try their Antelope but its just a bit too pricey and I haven't heard any rave reviews. So nah... I'll skip it.   This is a great place for a Friday or Saturday night.  But for a nice meal, I would go elsewhere.  
Brunch:
Anyhow, it had been awhile since I last went so we decided to try it again this past Sunday for brunch - North 3rd had a long line and we were starved so we opted for Standard Tap.  I ordered the highly recommended duck salad.  The duck thigh was cooked nicely but it was served on top plain bib lettuce with red onion and maybe 3 pieces of mandarin oranges.  The person next to me said that it usually comes with candied walnuts.  Damn, it needed something, especially for a whopping $16 salad.  It was small and unsatisfying.  I think they may have forgotten the dressing too.  To top it off, we spent close to 2hrs in there. The waitress never came by to offer us coffee refills or see if our meals were ok.  Half our party of 4 received their meals 25min before the other half.  Needless to say, they were finished and waiting before our breakfast even got there.  It wasn't even busy.  Not sure what happened.  The omelet looked like it had been under the heater for far too long.  So sad considering its not that hard to make a nice brunch.  Had we waited at North 3rd, there's no doubt I would have left satisfied and probably an good hour sooner.  
I'll be back for beers and late night snacks but no more brunch for me.Pretty nice chilled out atmosphere on off nights.  The flights are usually a pretty good deal if you're not sure what to drink.. usually a pretty good variety.  
Good apps, good food.Whenever I feel like sitting at a bar and having an easy conversation with the bartender, Standard Tap's one of my picks. It seems I'm not the only one who appreciates their bar staff- Ron recently won Philadelphia Magazine's prestigious "Best Bartender" award. The guy knows his stuff, he'll let you try a new beer before committing to it, and he might even throw one back with you. 
They were a gastropub before all the others found it "cool," and the food (like the beer) sticks to its local roots. They don't open until 4pm on weekdays, so no lunch here, but once happy hour rolls around, it's often hard to find a table. Go hang out on their deck, it's pretty great if you've got friends who can help you take it over.my bloody valentine. yup, on their jukebox. enough said. 
i love this place for brunch. i like the crowd. i like how they serve all their brunch sandwiches with not skinny strips of bacon, but thick slices of pork bliss! mmmmmm. 
my friends and i go here for brunch because there are usually a few veggie choices for them and we can sit in a big booth and just catch up. they don't make iced coffee, but our waiter was a doll and he made them. :)
i got french toast with cherries on the side. it was sweet enough without the cherries, but it was all yummie. 
standard is the perfect place to start your saturday morning. any morning that starts with a bacon mountain is a good morning. :)This used to be a good spot, but the service here is terrible. I will never go back.Very friendly service and good food on a slow Sunday evening. We had much of the upstairs to ourselves and it was quite delightful. Love the music playing in the background, and mix of Motown and old standards. Parking was atrocious as usual.Standard is my favorite place to eat PERIOD. I've tried a few of their dishes like the salmon BLT, cheeseburger, fries (so good!), etc., but now I only order one thing now: the duck salad. It is absolutely delicious and hands down, the best thing I have ever eaten (and continue to eat). My only gripe is that they keep raising its price; it's gone from $10 to $11 to $14 now :( Maybe, through this review, I can get more people to go and order it, which should then drive the price of my duck salad back down ::fingers crossed:: Eh, a girl can wish...
Moving on: the beer selection is good, and it's the reason why I fell in love with the Abby Dubbel, however they rarely have it and I can't find it anywhere else in the city (not even at City Tap House). 
Lastly, I am a recovering creme brulee addict, for which Standard was responsible for in the first place. However, I've thankfully gotten it under control now. It's an every day struggle because I live within walking distance of Standard and the creme brulee is just unbelievable. 
S/N: As charming and unique as some people may find it, if and when you dine here with older folks and/or a large group then the chalkboard menus are quite a hassle. Can they just print the menu on paper? C'mon, I'll even donate the paper.We finally made it here after all these years. My stuffed pepper/popper omelette was hearty yet somewhat exotic, and I LOVED the fresh biscuit.  It was certainly worth the wait. Our brunch dishes where hearty and enjoyable. Coffee was strong and the cup was bottomless. The funky interior was filled with funky neighborhood denizens.Amazing beer and food. This place is a must for any beer lover who is also a foodie. There are always enough new and unique items on the menu to be interesting  but still accessible. Nice outside dining too. Even has good desserts!Beer list is pretty good and the poutine as well as the burger are most definitely what Willis was talkin' bout.One of my favorite things to do when I go to Philly to an opening at Project's Gallery is after the show to walk a couple of blocks to Standard Tap for dinner and brews. 
I have been there a few times and need to devote some good words about this superb Philly gem of a bar with a spectacular kitchen. Suffice it to say for now that this place offers some of the best grilled octopus, if not the best, that I have ever tasted. Coming from someone who lived in several Mediterranean countries, that is quite a statement.
The octopus was delicious (and I've had it multiple times now) and it is also quite generous in size, the Lancaster Stout was great and the scallop salad that my wife had was out of this world. 
This place is always packed with locals, and one doesn't see a lot of tourists around, but it is definitely a local gem.The happy hour and beer selections are excellent.  I really like the atmosphere and the service is attentive.  The new chef has some new items on the menu that i would recommend - Mussels excellentStandard's the name, standard's the game.  It's pretty much exactly what you expect from the name: standard bar fare and standard local craft brews.
Let me preface by saying I was a hefty amount of beers in from the free concert at the Piazza when I wandered over to Standard Tap with the drunken munchies.
Pretty solid food menu and an extensive beer selection.  I wish I was a bit more adventurous, but I opted for a burger with bacon and a Yard's Brawler.  They didn't have blue cheese as an option for topping, which sucks, but overall, I had no complaints for he burger itself.  Nothing great, just okay.  One would say...standard.
Friend had a giftcard so I can't comment on the prices, but it seemed pretty normal.  The upstairs bar with the open windows was a nice change of scenery from the dark downstairs.
Might be back here if I'm in the area, but otherwise I wouldn't go out of my way.I'm a little biased against Standard Tap because the first time I ate here, I was on a terrible date with a stranger who didn't drink, but who neglected to mention that fact until I had picked a gastropub for dinner. :(
On with the review. Let's play the pro-and-con points game:
1. Add 5 points if you like good beer.
2. Add 5 points if you like tasty fries.
3. Add 5 points if you like strange shellfish things.
4. Add 5 points if you like a lively dining room where you can still hear yourself think.
5. Subtract 5 points if you're on a date with a teetotaler you met last week.
6. If you're vegetarian, subtract all your points, lose the date, and just go to to North Third with your pals instead of eating another boring veggie burger at Standard Tap.
Carnivores with steady significant others, you should check this place out.Pretty solid bar food and an excellent beer selection.  The in-house brew I tried was quite nice.  Went with the chicken and waffles and as a southerner, I approve.Great restaurant but the fact that the menu changes makes it difficult to select something that they really do well. That being said, if the Chicken Pie is available (and you enjoy chicken pot pie), definitely give it a try! It's like pot pie I've had before as it's stuffed completely with pulley chicken unlike the classic pot pie that is dominated by the gravy with a few bits of chicken throughout.I went here about a month ago with my mom for an early dinner but never got around to writing about it until today. We had the octopus for an appetizer, my mom had the duck salad, and I had the pork cheeks. The octopus was good, a bit chewy in some parts but overall I liked it. This was the first time I had pork cheeks and it will not be the last: melt-in-your-mouth tender and very delicious. I was not crazy about the plantains that came with it, whenever I have plantains I prefer them fried/grilled, not slow-cooked. However, my mom's duck was the best choice of the night, it had a crispy skin with succulent meat underneath. I tried some and seriously considered ordering one for me as well. Even though it's a salad the duck leg should be offered as a main course with some veggies or starch, I think that it would be a big hit. Everything was reasonably priced and since we went early we didn't have to deal with the crowd; I'm definitely coming back here again.Not much to say the food is good and the beers are tasty.My fav spot in no libs.Craft beers amazing! And the standard burger is definitely on point, crispy bread and crunchy thin fries. Laid back atmosphere in a good neighborhood with helpful staff. Can't beat itstandard tap is a phila institution, and we drive 45 minutes out of our way to keep going back.  the chicken pie is AMAZING, the fries are perfect, the beer selection is grand.... and (AND!) they make desserts too.  go. TODAY.I am always surprised when I walk into standard tap. You have to look at the menu on the Blackboard and try to figure out what everything is with just the one or two word  description. Then the waiter comes over and after ordering drinks he describes each one in detail and no matter what you get it is just phenomenal. Never skip standard tap.Probably my second favorite bar in philly. Every experience here has been a success. Great selection of beer to try to expand to taste horizon. Beer is a little pricey but most micro brews that I know of is pretty up there in price. The atmosphere is great. Very laid back and the best thing is usually the DJ is the bar tender. Which means I don't have to listen to the same crap you hear on the radio now a days. I'd definitely give this place a walk through.Good beers on tap, but service/menu options were bad for brunch. We weren't able to have bacon left out of an omelette. We're vegetarian. That left us with the fried moz cheese omelette which was a little hard to stomach as the only veggie brunch option that weekend. Last time I checked omelettes weren't pre-made.Gotta get the Pot Pie.  Holy cow just like in the show.  We also had muscles we needed more bread to dip in the sauce.  Bloody Mary is a must.  Saw in on Diners Drive in and Dives.  Had to go did it disappoint. Don't miss it.Standard Tap is another place brought down for me by high expectations and lots of hype. Was it good? Yeah, it was. Was it the best gastropub ever? Probably not.
The place itself is kind of tree house-like with lots of rooms and stairways and dark corners. There was even a little phone booth-type enclave (sans the photo booth) on the second floor, which is where we ate. Overall the ambiance is pretty cool and I don't mind the chalkboard menu thing except that it kept me from brainstorming what to eat before I got there. 
Their beer list didn't have much that I don't see at other places around town. We started with the octopus, and it was certainly the standout of the meal. This was my first time having grilled octopus and it was killer--crispy on the outside and incredibly juicy on the inside. The downside was the very prominent vinegar-y taste which almost overpowered it, but the bed of arugula, cauliflower, potatoes, etc. was an upside and it didn't feel like the filler they put with octopus at a lot of other places to fill the plate. Well worth $14.
For entrees we both split the burger with fries (yum, prepared nicely with sauteed mushrooms and fresh cut fries and a nice bun) and the pulled pork sandwich. The pulled pork sandwich taught me a very valuable Philadelphia pulled pork lesson--when a menu says "pulled pork sandwich" it does NOT mean BBQ pulled pork. In the midwest and the south, a pulled pork sandwich is dry pork with BBQ sauce. In Philadelphia, it means pulled pork, in pork-y juices that sog up the bun, probably with sharp provolone. This is my fault and if you're looking for a Philly pork sandwich this is a good one, but since I was expecting barbeque it just wasn't my favorite part of the meal. Also, it came with house made chips instead of fries which were less good than the fries. 
Anyway, solidly okay. I'd definitely go back. That octopus is wow.I really can't believe I have not reviewed Standard yet.  I use to go here quite frequently and need to go back.  
I'm surprised to see that I'm not the only one who thinks their Duck Salad is absolutely amazing!  Who orders salad at a bar?  I guess the word got out.   The duck is cooked perfectly---crispy skin on the outside and pipin hot and & moist on the inside.  The mixed greens are always fresh, and orange slices and raspberry vinaigrette compliment it oh so well.  
I also really enjoy the french fries, local beer, and creme brulee. 
I don't really like how they don't have paper menus (instead you have to look at the chalkboard, and sometimes you find yourself in people's way....but I guess it gives this place character :-/)  But you know, when you become a regular, and know what you want, you don't even have to bother:-)The service can be spotty, but the duck salad makes up for it. Yum yummy. Great mussels, oysters, and fries.  I had the fried clams and they were gritty, but the dip and pickled veggies made up for the sand.Found this place on yelp following the roots picnic. I honesty can't see the reasoning for 4 star rating. The food, beer and service were just okay. It also was very noisy.I'm not really sure why you're reading this.  This is simply one of the best places in Philly.  Great fresh local beer.  Yes, there are great fresh loca beers.  Try the hand pumped Yards ESA.  I always do.  
A very, what do we call it, understated menu.  Just a list on a blackboard.  The "squid" is very light perfectly cooked tender, what other places less graphicall call calimari.  This is such a difficult dish to do perfectly, yet for the 5 years I've been going here, I've always had it perfectly done.  "Duck Salad" is a very nice confit of duck over a spring salad.  "Pork sandwich" is a tender, slightly vinegary thin sliced loin with awesome waffle fries.  So if you see it on the board, and want to know what it is, you'll have to ask.  Great jukebox.  Yes there is an upstairs, but the downstairs atmosphere is so comfortable, why bother.
The only problem with the Tap is now that the townhouses across the street is built and Northern Liberties is becoming so popular, parking sucks.  Now, I continue on Poplar to New Market St (Yes that's what it's called alongside the Delaware Expressway ((I-95 for you new Philly folks)))  and park up the block.I returned to Standard Tap this past Saturday for the second time. My first trip, the place only received three stars because of some poor bartender service. This time, the service was excellent and I had a great time. I would definitely return to the place and so should you.Came here for brunch after seeing the place on food network. Honestly, it was such a disappointment. The chicken pot pie was average at best and the waffles I got were soggy from the still frozen strawberries they threw on top. The servers also came off as a little snobby to me. The best thing going for this place is the gorgeous porch in the back.love!! great staff, yummy food (gamey selecions), great beer, and warm interior and vibe. Play games upstairs during the day, fraternize and have fun at night. They never rush you - very much like going to your coolest friend's house for casual cool fun.  Covered terraced rocks. architecture rocks.This place has the best taps in the country.  Anyone that appreciates domestic craft beer owes themselves a handpumped Victroy Hopdevil (or insert equivalent).
The food is a hit 9 out 10 times.  This is the place to go for anything from Burgers to Leg of Lamb.  Their raw tuna App is off the charts.
Forget it, this is the only true gastropub in Philadelphia.This place was really really awesome.
There beer list was fun, not too big but had a little bit of everything to please the regular beer drinker and the snob.
The food was very good.
We started off with some poutine which id advise you to get because its very very good.
Then i split a burger and a lamb sandwich. 
The burger was cooked correctly and the toppings werent over bearing. The lamb sandwhich had apples and all sorts of tasty things to really bring together the sandwich.
this place is good for dinner and good for a beer with friends.Finally I got to experience the greatness that is Standard Tap and I was not disappointed!
Everything you've already read as true - the craft beer list is great, the food is pretty good, the service is eh okay.  To start, my boyfriend and I got the Manayunk Pumpkin and a delicious pumpkin porter. (I absolutely loved still had the pumpkin beers thus far into November!) for an appetizer, we split some absolutely delicious, super fresh oysters with a mignonette.  For entrees, we split the pork sandwich and the standard burger. The pork was delicious and tender as can be. The sandwich was served with chips and longhots, which made perfect meal. The burger was fantastic! Cooked a perfect, juicy medium-rare with sautéed onions and mushrooms. The fries that came with the burger were kinda soggy, so that was a bummer. Sadly we were too full for dessert, but I would definitely stop back in the near future for a dark beer and some ice cream (or whatever they happen to have on the menu).
Service here was just okay, but I can let that slide since it was getting it be a pretty busy Saturday evening. I still love you!
You want a craft beer and a burger? Stop on in!Stopped in here for a drink.  It's a nice crowd of those that like to drink.  I went upstairs, and out of respect for the neighbors the deck was already closed.  I can respect that, but damn I like to sit outside.  I found it interesting that the crowd downstairs was singing along to the jukebox while the crowd upstairs was just sitting casually talking.  It was a little loud for talking, but uh, bars get louder as their patrons partake, yes?  I sadly had already eaten, because the menu looked great.  The selections were interesting and made me want to eat again.  The next time I go, I'll eat and review some grub!Fun place to get drinks. Great rotating tap list which usually has some of the nitro variety. Food menu looks good but I've only ever had the fries which are amazing!The food was great and our server was excellent. A good selection of beers and the mussels with chorizo was pretty Damn good!Not being a resident of Northern Liberties I do not have the neighborhood attachment to the place, but I can definitely see why it would be a favorite. They have a lot of unique menu offerings, most of which when I tried to order the waiter said they were out of, and a large on tap beer list. The place has a very low key vibe with no loud music. They were cool with us claiming a bunch of tables when we came in for our growing gathering. I wasn't super impressed with the food quality but then I didn't come for the food solely and I didn't order the right stuff and kept being told they were out so making random substitutions will usually end up with something you are not as keen on. All in all we had a pretty great time and I would go back without hesitation.I used to live in the neighborhood and have always loved The Tap. So last night I got a burger craving, which happens twice a year, and this is the first place I thought of. We sat outside in the renovated space, which is so nice, anxiously awaiting our burgers and then they arrived :/ Our medium burgers were hard, bland, dry hockey pucks. My friend ate the fries and left the entire burger on her plate. I ate half and when asked if we wanted to box our food up we both said no way. I was finally honest with the waitress and admitted that they were awful. She was kind enough to offer us free dessert. The table next to ours also left most of their food. I kept hearing them say everything was over salted. My friend and I left The Tap, turned to each other and simultaneously said, "what happened to that place??" Who knows? Maybe it was just an off night.For those who believe poor service doesn't affect ratings, I recommend they make a visit to Standard Tap.  The place is great - awesome beer selections, good food, and decent location.  They even has spots to eat outside on the upper level, meaning you can enjoy the weather while eating (and drinking).  Unfortunately, it seems the entire waitstaff (including bartenders) feel like they are too good to wait on you.  I'm not talking just occasionally being ignored, I'm talking ignoring and being outright rude.  Throw in the ridiculous wait times and the lack of "check-ins" and the result is a bad experience.
In conclusion, I could see myself going here monthly (or more frequently), but instead find myself checking it out every 6 to 9 months in hope they hired someone happy to help...This was a great place to escape from a crazy freak downpour early on a Sunday evening!  Met up with friends, drank some kind of fantastic blonde ale, and devoured a decadent yumtastic chicken pot pie.  A great way to end my trip to Philly!I've been a fan of  Standard Tap for a while now.  The food is excellent and the beer selection is always good.  They have some decent events.  My favorite would have to be there annual Pumpkin Head.  Where they pour around a dozen pumpkin beers on tap and you get to drink them out of pumpkins as long as you get there before the mini pumpkins sell out.  Look out for this event the Thursday before Halloween defiantly worth sneaking out of work early for if you a huge pumpkin beer fan.Nice bar to chill, has two floors, there is music-- oh yeah and food too.Meh at best. I've only been here once and I don't really plan on going back. The food was mediocre, the service was pretty crappy, and the beer selection was disappointing. Way overpriced considering the lack of quality.Been to this place several times over the past couple years and it's definitely lost it's luster.  The last time I was there, the hostess was quite standoffish about seating us in the dining room, despite the fact that most of our party was ordering food and it was almost completely empty.  The server was equally off-putting, with much sighing and eye rolling throughout the entire meal.  It really ruined the night.  If your dining room is open until 12 or 1 (hypothetically speaking; I don't know what their hours are), you shouldn't be upset about seating it at 9.  Or at least tell us when it closes so we can leave by then.  But no, they chose to sigh and stare at us the entire night.
That trip aside, the food ranges from pretty good to outstanding and the selection of local brews gets a big thumbs up.  The crowd seems to have definitely shifted to the older end of the spectrum.  That's good for them, I suppose.
All told, however, this place isn't as special as it used to be.  There's plenty of other competition in the area now that is both cheaper and more welcoming (even Johnny Brenda's is preferable; at least rudeness there can be considered part of the schtick).  I most likely will not be back.The duck salads is superb. Cooked perfectly rare and mixes very well with the greens and dressing. The service is somewhat bad though. Every time I have patronized the restaurant, the waiters all seemed to be too busy for me and were never around. The food definitely makes up for the poor service.A little off the beaten path for us, as we have been hanging around Center City for most of our visit.  Parking was tough, we ended up a few blocks away and walked over.  The bar was packed, with no tables on the main level. We inquired and were told that there was additional seating upstairs.  There was a nice bar area overlooking 2nd Street North complete with a fireplace.  Nice and cozy.
It was kinda weird in that there were no menus, but rather ordering at the bar from the chalkboard on the wall.  It was OK, as we were told by others that we had to order the burger...so I had the Standard Burger, which was loaded with lots of fixings (tomato, mushrooms, onion) and a fabulous bun.  It was definitely a two hander.  The thin cut fries that came with the burger were OK.  They had many beers on tap and they were reasonably priced.  Four beers and three meals for less than $50.  Not bad.  Our bartender was a nice guy - pretty friendly and helpful when picking a beer.i've been coming to this place for over 5 years and really considered this to be a great spot with great people.  Always brought in friends from in and out of town and tried to bring in customers to support this place.  I, myself, spent over 7 years bartending in Philadelphia bars and restaurants so I understand how important it is to support local places so they stay open.  In my 10 year living in the city I have never through id actually be posting something to discourage people from going to eat and drink at a place but this is exactly why i'm writing this post which is actually the first time i'm ever writing a review on yelp.  
Over the last few months I have been treated extremely rudely by an upstairs bartender by the name of Kate...if you have gone there i'm sure you have seen her, she is always there on Sat night at the upstairs bar.  Blonde hair, a bit over weight, and constantly looking mean.  I have no idea what I have ever done to her but she has always been extremely rude to me and anyone I had with me.  Later I realized it wasn't just me but mostly everyone that comes in contact with her. I'm not a rude or drunk person and always tip over 20% when i go out since I was the person behind the bar for so many years.  After going to this place almost every Sunday for the last 2 years and bringing a large group of people with me where we normally spend around 1,000 dollars together you would imagine the restaurant management and owners would appreciate that.  Especially since Sunday is a slow day for many places down town.  Well not at Standard Tap!!!! Customers here do not have any say or respect and really they can care less whether you come in or not, as far as they are concerned if you do not take the bad treatment then go somewhere else.
This is really appalling especially in such an economy. 
I decided to do the adult thing and write an email to the management explaining what has been going on and how I feel quite wronged and treated badly by someone who works for them.  Thinking that a manager who cares about the business and customers of the establishment she/he works for would care and want to resolve such an issue.  WAS I WRONG OR WHAT!!! Instead of asking me any questions or trying to resolve the problem, the manager ( i do not believe even told the owners the issue) emailed me back telling me, well if i don't like it then i'm not welcome and my friends are not welcome to Standard Tap.  All i can say i how appalling and sad for this restaurant's owners because they will not be able to stay in business in such an economy if their staff treats their customers in such a manner.  I can say that now I feel a duty to let other Philadelphia residents know that such bad treatment exists and they should not support a place that will take their money and will not care how they get treated.One of my favorite places to catch a bite. Here's why: 
- Delicious food: +2 stars 
I order something different off that wonderful blackboard every time I go, and I've never hit upon a dud on their menu. My god, their fries are good! 
- Beer: +1 star 
Yes, beer is beer, wherever you go, but I particularly like a place where I'm not made to feel like a lowbrow for coupling beer with good food. 
- Nice service: +1 star 
Everyone who works here looks like the kind of person who gives off that "My iPod playlist is superior to thine" vibe, but these guys and gals have proven to all be very cool, friendly, and welcoming, even to yuppies like me. 
- Cool atmosphere: +1 star 
They keep it dark, but not so dark that you're running into things. They like good music, but they don't feel the need to pump it at ear-splitting decibel levels. They have a little vintage-plumbing theme going on with the decor, but it's not carried to ridiculous Disney-like extremes. 
- Availability: +1 star 
Yes, I know that this puts it at six stars which is Yelpingly impossible, but if I could give it six I would. I love a place I can walk into at almost any time and find a seat at the bar or a table. 
A word of caution to vegans/vegetarians: In case you haven't already read this in the other yelp reviews, this joint doesn't really cater to you. I've ordered things before that-- according to the description on the board -- I assumed would be meatless only to find ham or something else playing a crucial role in the dish. For me, this was a delightful surprise because I love meat! You would probably be less enthused if you had dietary restrictions. My advice: either ask your server lots of questions or just stick to beer. This place may not be your cup of tofu.Food is amazing! I was a bit skeptical at first because nothing on the menu is traditional. I had the grilled octopus bruschetta which was absolutely delicious. For my entree I had the grilled Boston mackerel and my father had the seafood stew, both were delicious! I will definitely be returning :)Went here on a Saturday night about 7-7:30 for a date with my wife. We were able to get a table right away on their upstairs porch (outside), which is a really nice area. I was pleasantly surprised to get in so quickly.
It's a chalkboard menu because I guess they mix it up with some frequency. Decent beer selection, though at least this time there was only one IPA (boo). 
We got the chicks liver mousse as a starter. I'd say it was good but nothing special as far as mousse goes.
We both got the burger with fries, which was excellent. Definitely worth the visit just for the burger. The green tomatoes are a great touch.
We finished it off with the peanut brownie sundae to split, and it didn't disappoint, though I could wish for more brownie.
All in all, a solid spot and date.The Standard Tap is just better on my conscience and my belly; better for local farmers, better quality food, better for urban agriculture and revitalizing abandoned community space, and definitely better than cooking brunch on a lazy sunday morning.  
They have a sweet outdoor patio overlooking poplar, and don't worry the tables have umbrellas in case you're allergic to daylight Sunday afternoon.  
The food was excellent.  It took me a while to decide what to order; mainly because their choices varied from comfort food staples, to intriguing foods I had never tried before.  I tried the mushroom croquette, which was just melt in your mouth awesome, but the other food coming out looked pretty tasty as well.  
My only complaint would be that the service was slow, but you can't have it all I suppose.    Oh and I hear they make a mean bloody mary.Update on the drinks:
Came here last night with a few people, actually ended up at this place twice last night. Both times we were able to get a seat at the bar without a problem (both upstairs and downstairs) and my now favorite bartender was there. The man that makes the best cranberry vodkas has a name and it is Brian.Wow,  great burgers and excellent beer selection,  and a very friendly staff as well.  Would def. return to this place.Standard Tap has centered itself as a go-to spot in Northern Liberties. But I must say, there are plenty other places to go that will give you a much better experience. While going there for a date, I was pretty underwhelmed with the overpriced beer selection and very small, limited, and too expensive food menu. The upside was that the food came out very fast and our server was awesome, but the food was just okay. I had the Pork Shank that had way too much mayonnaise-soaked cole slaw. My girlfriend had the fried soft-shell crab sandwich that was far from soft. We were both pretty upset the overall outcome of the food and I hate to say it, won't be returning any time soon.It was a nice night out and we decided to check out the Roof Deck at Standard Tap. Ive lived in Philly for quite some time and have always meant to experience this place, that being said I wished I would've have left it alone. 
The menu was average, with nothing that was outstanding. We ordered some clams and oysters which were neither bad nor good. The fried oysters were tastier than others have had, but the fries were overcooked. 
But my general issue with this place is the service. It is completely disinterested and down right rude. They have a cooler than you attitude which I refuse to subject myself too. Trying to order was a process in itself, with our waitress giving us attitude with no real reason. Finally the food took an incredible long time to come out which just added to my misery. 
The positives about this place is that their beer selection is nice and their roof deck is quite pleasant. But this will be my last trip to this gastro-pub.I just can't say no to the mussels at Standard Tap. The mussel sauce is bathe-worthy. Like, if someone ran it over with a car a few times, I'd still lap it up. Yeah, that tasty.Food: Monkfish and clams: $21 
My friend and I were craving octopus but they were out so we went with monkfish and clams. The dish was served over garlic white wine sauce with tomatoes and potatoes. Savory and tasty. The portion was a decent size. I don't really know my monkfish market price so I would't be able to tell if it was a good value or not.
Victory lager: $5
I don't know crap about beer. It tasted like a lager.
Decor: The menu and beer list is on the wall with colorful chalk. Lots of hipster funk around but it's dark enough so they didn't bother me that much.
Service: Friendly server and she checked on us frequently.
Would I come here again:
Yes. I usually avoid most seafood at bars but this was so good I would try it again.Really enjoyed this place. Good food.  Great selection of beer.  All the menus are written on chalkboards, so our table had to get up and walk to place in the room to see the menu - a slight annoyance.extremely long wait for food. Table was extremely tight and in an awkward spot. Service was inconsistent and unapologetic. Food was good, but not worth all the negatives.I loved this place when I ate here about a year ago-- well I loved the food, the servers have always been a bit rude. I ate there this past weekend and had a tasty (although slightly overpriced) meal BUT not without bad points.  My meal itself wasn't that warm when it came to the table but the flavors were very good so I didn't complain. I ordered the pumpkin bread pudding to go because last time I had it I couldn't get over how delicious it was-- chunks of pumpkin and bread, huge serving for the big price tag, mmm. UH i was so wrong. A waitress brought out the dessert in the to-go container and informed me that there was "ice cream in it so I don't know what you want to do about that because it'll melt". why did they give me the ice cream if it was TO-GO?! i opened the container because my my dinner partner decided he would eat the ice cream so it wouldn't ruin the rest. the dessert was SMALL piece of uniformed texture sludge. not very good flavor at all. i paid 7$ for the piece of crap and walked out of there very angry. i do not think i will be back anytime soon.Great date spot. Food is always consistent and the upstairs patio is highly recommended on a nice night.Love the vast beer selection.
Love the spectacular bar food (burgers, mussels, fries, you name it).
Love the fantastic outdoor seating.
Love the friendly and accommodating service.
Love the laid back, hipster clientele.
Love Dapper Dog being right across the street.
Love love love Standard Tap!!The other day I ran into here on a week night (because that's my life) and the waitress was so not happy to see me. I got the biggest load of sass from her throughout the evening. :(I've been here twice for food. First time was lunch and we sat outside which was nice, and had a delicious pulled pork sandwich. Second time was a Saturday night date night with my boyfriend. We didn't have to wait for a table and our server, Jackie was very attentive. It wasn't long after we were seated that we were greeted and our drink order was taken. My boyfriend and I both decided to be simple and get the burger. I was reluctant because it doesn't come with any kind of sauce on it so I thought it would be dry. Wrong! Seriously one of the best burgers I've ever had from a restaurant! I can't wait to visit again and try more from their menu. Hopefully on future visits I receive the same great service! 
ONE "complaint", my boyfriend thought it was a little sexist that the tab was placed in front of him, when I'm the one that paid. :PI LOVE how they repurposed this old house!
I ordered the octopus legs for my appetizer. I can't remember what I ordered for my meal, but I know that their menu is always different.
They also have a great selection of different types of beer.This place definitely qualifies for mixed feelings. Came here on a Friday night at 8pm. It was busy but not packed. We were led upstairs through many dark rooms and were offered a table in a dark corner near the kitchen. But we were able to upgrade to a table for two in the outside porch area which was infinitely better, though the chairs are uncomfortable for dining. I don't like the chalkboard menu idea with no menu on the table. For one thing, my girlfriend was sitting underneath it, facing away from it, which meant she had to get up and turn around to read it. For another, the entrée list does not describe the whole meal, meaning no sides are mentioned. So you have to ask the waitress what comes with each dinner. Bad system.
Most of the menu is very appealing including an exceptional beer list, though I was drinking scotch. To start we had oysters, the eggplant dip and the cold octopus cocktail. All of which was very good. For an entrée I had the duck breast, which came with kale, asparagus and wild rice, though the rice never made it to the table. The duck was good but a little under done for my liking. This was also the meal that I found out that I am not a fan of kale.
Overall it was a good meal and experience. Apparently from what I have read, it has a frequently changing menu, so I would be inclined to come back. The beer list is really good and our server was friendly. I just wish a more detailed menu was available at the table.Delicious but weak Bloody Mary.
Awesome buttery muffin.
Lame vegetable omelet. 
Pretty good potatoes.
Kind server. 
Convenient location.
Nice patio. 
Hilarious girls either wearing last night's clothing, or trying to pick up dudes at brunch. 
This review would be more detailed if I hadn't been suffering from a debilitating hangover during my experience. Sorry.I was here about a year ago and finally made it back last Sat.  Glad I did,  this place has a great selection of Craft Beer on tap.  Also check out the second floor with it's outdoor area,  especially with the warmer weather coming.   Parking is a hassle but def. worth the trip.  Cheers!Just got done eating here, had steak salad and 3 jack n cokes. I was quite surprised by how good the steak was. It was cooked medium rare just right. Its definitely pub style, dark atmosphere and the dark wooden furniture, jukebox with melow rock music, no paper menu, it's written on a chalk board on the wall. Anyway the staff is friendly and quick. Definitely a welcoming place, just a tad bit on the pricey side but then again its a bar so that is to be expected.Came in for some noshes pre dance party on Saturday night with Michael G.
We walked in and it was super packed not a good sign when your wanting to sit and eat. We walked upstairs and inquired about a table apparently after a certain hour EVERYONE in your party must order food(we were asked twice if we were both ordering food) 
The menu wasn't really vast for snacking (more entree options) but i decided on the clams and we split some fries.
I know i committed a cardinal sin by coming here and not having a beer but all the ones listed on the draft list I've had r didn't care to try. I opted for a glass of the white Bordeaux (obvi) it was just ok and usually bordeaux rocks giant socks. They hade about 6 different wine varieties all $9.00 per glass which seems a little much when you see the choices. 
My clams were ok nothing too fancy. They came with some sort of sauce that was a cross between coleslaw and an aioli ( it was weird) The fries were great crispy , crunchy and not the least bit greasy. MG decided on a salad and seemed to enjoy it. 
I didn't get the best impression during the later hour i was here so a return is def in order maybe for brunch....After a long day of drinking at Frankford Hall, we were looking for a spot for dinner and ended up walking here.  They had a big table for us on the second floor.  I had the burger, and it was just what I wanted.  It was perfectly medium rare and the monterey jack cheese with mushrooms and the onions were the perfect toppings.  I had a BiBerry ale with my burger which was not great, too sour for me.  The rest of my group also enjoyed their food.Standard Tap is the sister spot to the widely popular Fishtown establishment Johnny Brenda's. If you've been to JBs you'll recognize the extensive beer list and the chalk board menus. Unlike JBs, ST has an expanded dining room downstairs and upstairs and a pretty cool balcony with seating. 
Food wise the menu is generally geared more towards seafood and bit more upscale than your standard bar food.  If seafood isn't your thing they do have a pretty mean cheeseburger and other random non fish related items to tickle your fancy. 
Located at the heart of Northern Liberties, this place can get pretty crowded on the weekends and parking can be tough. My advice is to park up the street at The Piazza and walk down. It's a nice and safe stroll.We stopped in for a quick drink on our wanderings through the neighborhood a week ago on a Friday night.  They have an interesting list of beers available, even if it isn't the most extensive list.  If you go in with your heart set on a specific brew, you might be disappointed, but I was able to find something that fit my palate.  In my opinion, beer joints that force you into this situation have staff that fall into one of two categories: beer snobs that look down their nose at you, or beer enthusiasts who want to make sure you find something you'll like.  Standard Tap falls into the latter category.  It took us a minute to decide on a beer, the bartender was patient (went to help others, but kept an eye out for us), friendly, and helpful with suggestions.  
We tried a couple of pretty good beers, but I can't really remember what they were.
This place seems like a home town pub with a focus on an interesting rotating draft list.  It seems like a good place to go and hang out all night.
I can't speak for the food.That guy Chris Reyes, I'll tell you what. That son of a bitch is the best god damn bartender I've ever had.  Thank you standard tap for giving me the opportunity to shake that mans hand.