Been to Stateside 4 times, first 3 times drinks only,  dinner with last visit.  The space is small but decor and vibe are spot on.  During summer months, the huge windows open up and you're seating from outside at the bar.  We stopped in for a drink after dinner at Le Virtu.  Had a whiskey sour and a boulevardier.  Loved them both.  Their cocktail game is solid.  The bartenders were friendly but really didnt engage us but it was busy and it was a cocktail hit and we all know how that goes, ok, maybe not all of us.   All in all service and cocktails are solid.  Last visit we decided on dinner.  I thought dinner was ok.  Nothing bad but nothing great.   I'll still stop in at Stateside for my night caps.Didn't eat but got the spot got legit bartenders...mix drinks are on point...i fuck w itTwo stars for nice ambiance. Other than that, service was ok and the cocktail was pretty bad.Cauliflower soup and Kale salad are a must!!!! Really tasty. Bartenders were friendly and on point. The brussel sprouts were a little too salty. Mussel/clam dish was good, but wouldn't get them again for $22. Decent beer selection, cool atmosphere.The menu is very unique and reasonably priced.  The bone marrow and sausage was awesome!
There are also some interesting specialty drinks.  We didn't try any of them, but they were also reasonably priced.  They had a ton of beer and liquor options ranging from $3 Yuenglings to $20+ shots of Whistle Pig--there is definitely something for everyone here.  
The waitresses were so so so great--very nice, friendly, and attentive.  The owner happened to be there as well, and also a pretty nice guy.  
Unfortunately, there was a fella working there who took himself a bit too seriously, and was just kind of rude in my opinion.  After the place pretty much cleared out for the night, a few friends met us there for some birthday cocktails.  When a friend pulled a chair up to our table, he immediately came over and told her that she couldn't put a chair there because it would be blocking the "aisle" (which it wasn't by the way).  I totally understand that there are regulations and rules that he needs to adhere to, but he was just rude about it.  I believe he told us to "respect the aisle way".  Power trip?  He could have been way more polite about it.  He is the only reason that I will not give this place 5 stars.  He should take a tip from his waitstaff on how to interact with people and make them feel welcome.  
The ambiance is also cool--low lights, great music, and plain decor that just feels right.Wow, what a place! Went there Saturday for the bourbon (yes, had the Winkle- just one though ;-) and was surprised how great the food was. My wide and I sat outside, the service was great, very attentive. The small plates are outstanding. I had foi gras, octopus and oysters on the half. The wife had baby kale and grilled zucc. After din din we went into the bar. Great bar! Windows open, looking out to square, bar stools outside too. Pro bar tenders there- mixologistsss makin great drinks-  I forgot the first cocktail- with bourbon- it was very tasty, unique flavor- just ask for recommendation on a good bourbon cocktail, that's what I did. Then had a bourbon whisky sour with egg white- best I ever had!  We were at bar for a while, so got another octo plate- it melts in your mouth- better than lobster to me! Background music was low and rockish. If I lived in Phila, I'd be there once a week!LOVE the drinks here. & I hardly like mixed drinks. Super cozy atmosphere for drinks with friends. Cool bar, cool drinks, love it. 
Food, on the other hand, was alright. A little unimpressed/super salty at times.Amazing food amazing atmosphere and amazing people!
I would definitely recommend the jerk salmon with Brussels sprouts and thyme infused pineapple. 
Plus the charcuterie is a pleasing platter to the tastebuds!...Although I would catagorize Stateside as "spendy" your options are wonderful.  Menu has changed but the whisky is still the same kind of wonderful!! DO have the Steak Tartare, Pate, and note the Salads are GREAT!
Just call me Bubbles dahling...Excellent dinner and such a cozy atmosphere!! I have only been once and it was a great experience so I will be back. I had the Restaurant Week menu and enjoyed every course! There was even a cocktail pairing that was perfect with each course. 
The pre-fixed menu for the special restaurant week had a lot of selections. I started with a mushroom lettuce wrap which was delicious! My favorite course I had was the Cod Fillet entree. It was cooked to perfection and so flavorful. 
The service was a little slower than I would have liked but other than that I have no complaints! Check this place out. The bar area looks so cool so I think I'll be back to check out their happy hour one day soon.Fingerling potatoes (crispy like fries, rich like poutine, but not at all greasy) were the highlight for our group -- we went back for seconds. Other favorites: pork, beef, and curry-ish chorizo all on one charcuterie board that included an amazing spread made from duck (not sure how they managed that), and a savory mushroom tart with tiny baby mushrooms across the top. A bit pricy but the food was worth it -- I'd definitely go back for date night. Good drinks selection for happy hour too.Best selection of top shelf whiskey in South Philly. Great service and good food. Bartenders are knowledgeable and make great drinks. This place is a good time!!Sat at the bar on a saturday night with a friend. They were busy but place is small. They did not have any tequila stating they only served alcohol from the united states. The bartender was nice and helped us decide on items from the menu. We had the short ribs which were excellant. The gnocchi had a powered cheese sauce that ruined them and the lobstar flat bread was great. I would definetly return to try more menu items.Recommendations for the tapas: brussels sprout, cauliflower soup, beef tartare and scallops were a-ma-zing. The desserts were to die for - delicious but yet light and not overwhelming (chestnut brûlée, sugar cookie and chocolate chiffon) :) The mussels/clams were a little undercooked in the center but my friend liked it that way.
This is definitely one of my favorite restaurants in Philly now and I wish I don't need a car to get here!Visited Stateside a while back when they first opened, but my husband and I decided to stop by again to get a few drinks and some cheese before we headed out for dinner reservations on a Tuesday night.
Upon arrival around 530 pm, we were glad to see there were plenty of seats at the bar, inside tables, and outside tables.  We took two seats at the bar.  The bartender was very gracious in giving me a sample taste of the pumpkin beer on tap (I'm sorta particular about my pumpkin beers).  It wasn't for me, so I went with the Ommegang Witte.  My husband went with an IPA bottle.  The beer list is awesome here- definitely some interesting beers both on tap and in bottles.
I love the cheese plates here so despite our dinner reservation later in the night, I had to hit dat cheeeeeeeese.  We did the 3 selections for $13- a blue cheese with honey, a hard parmesan-type with fennel, and a soft brie-type cheese with pecan brittle.  Yum yum yum!
The location itself is pretty awesome.  And I'm not saying that because its a 5 minute walk from my abode.  It is located right on Passyunk Square- perfect for people (and dog) watching.  And with those huge windows- its great!
So why did it lose a star?  I feel like this place has a teeeeeeeeensy bit too much attitude.  Why?  
1) There is a note that says $15 food minimum per person during dinner service.  If you don't want people to come and drink, then don't build a bar that takes up half the space!  And don't offer such awesome beers!  
2) They have a happy hour that is totally not advertised!  No signs outside, no signs on the bar, not mentioned on the website, not mentioned by the bartenders.  Are we at a 1920s speakeasy? Do I need a password to be informed of the specials?  My husband probably would have gotten a draft if he knew it was half price.
3) As we finished our beers, the hostess asked us to shift seats at the bar so two more patrons could sit down.  Now I totally get that the "empty seat between strangers" is annoying to restaurants, but I thought it was strange because there were plenty of seats at empty tables.  Maybe the patrons really wanted to sit at the bar?  I don't know- but it struck me as odd.  
Next time we are craving some beers and cheese, we will make sure to get there between 5 and 7 and take advantage of happy hour specials!Stateside is my favorite neighborhood spot, and that saying a lot in East Passyunk! The best old fashioned I've had in Philly ($5 for happy hour!), quick & professional service and friendly bartenders with the knowledge and passion to back up Stateside's impressive whiskey list. High quality hand crafted cocktails. Outdoor seating right on Passyunk square and an elegant and intimate but not too crowded indoor space. Delicious, creative, and reasonably priced bar snacks & small plates. The masa gnocchi and the snap peas are my favorite dishes so far.Great atmosphere, service pleasant and helpful, shout out to bar tenders for Old Fashions and highly recommend shrimp dumplings and cauliflower! A place we are sure to return to!This glass is half empty...
I guess I had a radically different experience from others here.  I went for the first time this weekend- and will not be going back.  I love a good Old Fashioned. That is not what I received.  The glass was crammed with liquor-soaked fruit, and very little liquor.  I kind of wanted a drink with my drink, you know?  I mentioned that none of our glasses were full, I was just told that the components were measured- full stop.  The portions on the small plates were ridiculously small - and in the beets and white asparagus pickle, there were exactly two whisps of shaved asparagus.  It's like they're trying to be Jose Garces' Trading Company, and failing miserably.  Sad- because I really wanted to like it- great atmosphere. If the food can't deliver though, forget it.Still haven't tried the food but have been twice for drinks/beers. Their draft list is always unique and offers a nice variety. Cocktails were big and delicious. The bar is pretty small, but offers lost of seating.Beauty in words should be reserved for only maximal dining experiences. That said, if there were such a thing as poetic injustice, trying to write a baroque review of Stateside would certainly qualify.
...Because when your meal begins with a toasty drink - a hot buttered rye - that's so amicable to your esophagus and piquant to your papillae that it makes you forget the vile, scathing, burning sensation of shooting cold rye, you musn't try to protract the experience.
...Because when the crispy cauliflower is as golden as the palatial pillars of the Taj Mahal, and buttery enough to beguile any toddler into eating his whites, you ought not attempt to convince your colleagues that cauliflower really does have a slight nutty flavor if roasted well.
...Because when the crispy maple glazed pork belly with a fat to meat ratio of 1:4 and a moisture to dryness ratio of 100:0 promotes a silent fork battle between you and your mate interspersed with the occasional clamor of (affable?) silver, you know you've found the perfect dish to "shut the f*ck up for a minute and comfortably enjoy the silence" (thanks Mia and Vincent). 
...Because when the desserts are petite and ordering two is still innocuous to any diet, and the ginger snap is soft and topped with a chilled caramel mousse the texture of a fluffy budino, and the chocolate tart with homespun marshmallow fluff tastes like a freshly toasted s'more birthed by the smokey flames of a tumbleweed ignited campfire on the plans of Kansas, you know you've found a new home on Passyunk.Overall this place is good. There isn't any strong reason I wouldn't go back, but also no reason I would. Drinks are really good with a great assortment, food was great and the outdoor seating was nice. The prices are ridiculous. The amount of food you get for the price is silly. Not to mention they were out of three of those dishes. I get that they are tapas but tapas shouldn't have entree prices. Our waitress was also not the friendliest. Not rude, just nothing exceptional. Over all I would go back to grab a drink at the outside portion of the bar, but head to one of the neighboring restaurants for food.Friendly service, great old fashioned for $5 during happy hour!  Come here when it's nice out because you can stand outside on the sidewalk or inside with the breeze rolling through.Very disappointing. Had to put down a 50.00 hold for a reservation. Only to have the hostess call my cell after we left to say we were no shows. Mixed drink was awful.A great menu of small plates and a rotating selection of different dishes... and also a wonder selection of oysters. Also, I am not a bourbon fan at all, but they've turned me into a believer. A diamond in South Philly!I love it here. The service and cocktails and the food are just so nice. Since I've written my review I've been here about 6 times and for the most part, it's rocked. Sure, there are some things I didn't love but I don't care because there is passion and love in that place and that's what keeps me coming backI was lucky enough to eat at one of the pop-ups they had at at Green Eggs.  This was one of the best meals that I've ever had in my entire life.  The first reviewer went through the menu in a fairly detailed way, so I wont rehash most of it.
The beer braise beef cheek just dissolved in my mouth.  Its the first time i've had this cut of meat and I hope it wont be the last.  The apply bacon donut was also amazing.  I cant wait for this place to open up on Passyunk.I just dined at Stateside this past weekend while visiting friends in Philadelphia.  My fiancee and I had ended up in the Passyunk area while doing the Pat's/Geno's thang like total tourists!  Coincidentally, my friend Lindsay had been wanting to check out the nearby Stateside Philly.
This place is like a lot of places nowadays-- small plates, focus on charcuterie.  Luckily, I never get tired of this!  
C and I split three plates and I was pleased with all of them! If it wasn't the end of our trip (with our funds at their lowest!) and if I'd been a bit hungrier (we'd cheezed it up earlier, remember?), I definitely would've gone hog wild and ordered some more plates...
I think the prices were definitely reasonable.. and I was visiting from Austin!  Maybe this is due in part that Passyunk is still a bit "up and coming."  There was a glass of wine on the menu for $6, so that made me happy... I really hadn't seen anything under $9 all week!  And most of the small plates ran between $7-10.
If you go into a place like this absolutely famished and get a load of things, sure-- the prices can add up.  Really though, I love small plate places because you get a chance to try more things (which is huge for me-- I can never decide on just one entree!) and it just create a more social, "you-have-to-try-this" kinda atmosphere.
We got the local corn flan, which was presented in a smooth, buttery cube with some veggies (pickles, hearts of palm, radish).  We also had the crispy pork belly, which was just as crisp as promised and delectable (I can be picky about pork belly.. it's hard to find it made just right!).  We also had day boat scallops with corn relish, oyster mushrooms, and bone marrow butter (!)  They melted in my mouth and left me wanting more, as oysters often do.
The service was really laidback, which I enjoyed-- even though it seemed busy, it didn't feel like we were being rushed out of there by any means.  This was a great spot to catch up with friends I hadn't seen in years!Had the most fantastic cheese board, some splendid beer, and even a delicious sweet cheesecake for dessert. But the SWEETEST treat of all was my waitress TaylorSat at the bar instead of outside - mostly because you get a better view at the bar since it's higher up and the windows are wide open. Also, its a lot of fun to watch the bartenders make special drinks.
My friend ordered the skirtsteak with watermelon and bleu cheese and I got the scallops. It was very good.
I would like to come back and try other menu items - I wasn't as hungry when we went and was still recovering from a night of drinking so I didn't eat or drink much.
Nice place to go to on Passyunk.We had a good meal last night at Stateside, but I had had higher hopes that the food was going to come through in a bigger way. 
Vegetable Carbonara - was unique and very good. More like a shredded root vegetable salad with a creamy dressing with pancetta. Probably the best dish I had. 
Pork Belly - good, but definitely not great. I ordered it after the good mentions here, but was a little disappointed. Usually I expect pork belly to be closer to a smokey bacon flavor rather than roasted pork and this was not the case. I certainly enjoyed it, but it didn't deliver to me what I thought it could have. 
Duck leg confit - again, definitely good, but I felt it was just shy of being great. 
The one dish that others at dinner raved about was the scallops. 
Really interesting and unique cocktails and one of the longest bourbon lists I've seen (and definitely the longest list of ryes that I have ever seen), but I was a bit put off by how many of the bourbons and ryes were $15+ for a 2oz pour.I called for a reservation last week, and I was thrilled when they were able to squeeze us in for Saturday night.  When my husband and I arrived, and we were being seated a woman at the table next to ours leaned over to let us know "the food is great, but the portions are extremely small we are leaving to go get hamburgers we are starved".  We brushed off the comment because we love Stateside as do the friends that we were meeting.  Truly we were not prepared for how incredibly small the portions were. The food is delicious and our waiter was fantastic, but we were disappointed with the portions.  We ordered 7 dishes and left hungry?  We were in luck because Marra's was still open and took our order for a large pepperoni pizza - at last we were full.  We are not "big" eaters, but we expect to feel somewhat full after meal that cost over $150.00.  Hopefully this will not become the norm because the four of us love Stateside and want to return one day soon.The chef's board was a delicious way to start the meal with its charcuterie and pickled vegetables. The chicory salad was a delightful palate cleanser. The rigatoni was hearty and filling while the coq au vin was sublime. Worth the trip. 
It wasn't too loud or bright and was a nice spot for a first date. The waiter was a little pushy with the alcohol sales--when I ordered sparkling water he replied, "No alcohol from the bar?" A minor gaffe with what was otherwise impeccable service.Finally got here after! Well the food and expert cocktails are exceptional. Sat outside, good service all the way around. The reason for only 2 stars is the portions are so small, we felt ripped off and hungry when we left - and had to snack afterward. We're well aware of small plate/tapas dishes/restaurants, but the price points should have been lower, or the portions larger.
We ordered 6 items for the two of us. The "small plates" were tiny plates. 3 Tortellini for $14, small amount of Snap Peas w/ 2 mini pieces of ham for $9, 1/2 a soft-shell crab for $15, 6 oysters for $17, etc. With 20% tip it's $137 for mini portions of great tasting food that leave you wanting more. 
The 3 Monkey Gland cocktails were great as well as the Head Hunter beer. Go if you want really good food, but be prepared to spend $200 if you don't want to leave hungry. However, there's plenty of just as good small plates establishments in Philly where you don't feel ripped off and leave hungry.We just stopped in for a drink and really enjoyed it.  They have some awesome, unique cocktails, especially if you're a bourbon or rye fan.  I had the Stateside Boulevardier, which was delicious and well made.  The price is par for the course for any great, creative cocktail in the city.  We sat inside at the bar, which was fine on a nice day because the other side of the bar was open to square and the street to get some air and people watch.  There are actually stools built into the side of the bar that you can just walk up to from the street.  Very cool. Would definitely stop in for a drink again and, hopefully, try some of the highly-acclaimed food next time.Basically, I felt like I was Gail Simmons on Top Chef (not Padma, cause, you know, who feels like they could be Padma?)  Went to Stateside this weekend with some friends who were in from out of town.    The ambiance was great - pretty casual, but still upscale feeling.  The food was absolutely terrific.  The portions were very small, but the flavors were the kind of thing you could never get out of your own kitchen.  
I could have eaten 100 of the chestnut gnocchi.  Had foie gras for the first time.  It was served with monkey bread of all things, and some roasted grapes.  Somehow it came together beautifully.  The brassicas (brussels sprouts, broccolini) were fantastic.  My first raw scallop.  Delish.  Oh, and don't skip dessert.  
This was the kind of place that makes you realize what the difference is between a good cook and a real chef.  An eating experience that you pay for.Since we are attempting to hit all of the Philly Mag top 50 restaurants, my boyfriend and I panicked a bit when we realized that Chef George Sabatino was leaving Stateside. Luckily, since I stalk Foobooz.com, I had a 30 day notice. Since this place is impossible to get a reservation as it is, we felt very lucky to find a 6 pm opening on Sunday, March 10th (the day before Sabatino's last). 
It was a beautiful day so the windows were open, which made the ambiance of the cozy (aka small) restaurant that much better. 
The menu at Stateside was very limited in the eyes of a former picky eater like myself, but I have become quite the foodie lately and have really expanded my horizons so I was excited. For cocktails I went with the Tennesee Sweetheart because it sounded fun, but my bf's classic Dark & Stormy was much tastier. We ordered the perfect amount of food: the cheese plate (best one was their house made ricotta), Baby Carrot & Kale Salad, Pan Seared Brussels Sprouts, Day Boat Scallops w/ cauliflower, Crispy Pork Belly, and a special pork dish that i can't remember the name of. Everything was great. There wasn't one thing I didn't like and none of these are foods that I would "normally" eat. We also had an amazing chocolate dessert. 
Also, the service was excellent. 
Overall, I think George Sabatino lived up to all the hype and Stateside is definitely a cool place that I can't wait to visit again. Looking forward to checking out the new chef (and seeing what Sabatino brings to Morgan's Pier).Trying to figure out what to eat on a random weekday night, I drove by Stateside and remembered reading them in Philly Mag. (I forgot what # they were, but after reading reviews, it was #1). I assumed we couldn't get  a table without a reservation and I was right. We did happen to score 2 seats at the bar. 
I was a bit surprised by the sparse menu (and price) considering it was a East Passyunk restaurant. Either way, I thought the items on the menu warranted some positives for their ingredient pairings. 
The place felt cozy and definitely approachable for being philly mag's #1 restaurant. I had a long day so I looked over the drink menu. I decided to skip the beer and go for a cocktail. I'm not a gin fan, but ordered the Bee Sting (gin, lemon, ginger, absinthe). The drink was strong but a bit pricey for the size, no big deal. 
Now onto the food. We dithered between the cauliflower and cobb salad for a starter, ended up with the cauliflower. I think the dish was good, but needed more sauce. I'm all for nice presentation with a "dash" and "squeeze" of sauce, but every bite should have sufficient sauce, shouldn't it? Also, its fairly dark in there, so i'm sure we had more broccoli in the dish than cauliflower. Not a deal breaker. 
Entrees. I love trying non-traditional meats at restaurants. I opted for the rabbit risotto. I thought the rabbit was really tasty. Although the risotto tasted undercooked, it was also delicious. Again, a smear of sauce just doesn't cut it for this dish. Considering how rich risotto is, I couldn't taste the sauce at all. 
Another entree was the pork belly. I'm not sure how I feel about pork belly prepared American style. Don't call me prejudice, but Chinese crispy pork belly is pretty damn good... you can get huge servings for a fraction of the cost. Stateside's pork belly was good, but nothing to write home about. The sauces were also good. 
Overall, it was an enjoyable meal. It was unfortunate that the original chef left and how other reviewers are saying things have "Changed".Sat on a barstool outside for 20 minutes without being served. The restaurant was mostly empty with only the bar full. Bartenders ignored us for the first 10 minutes and then handed us a menu and walked away. We quickly decided what we wanted  and folded the menus to show we were ready. Still no order. Eventually a bartender tried to serve us a drink we hadn't ordered and we politely reminded him we had not ordered yet. Gave them another 5 minutes of walking by us and awkward eye contact before walking away. I live in the neighborhood and had never tried Stateside- I doubt I will be back.Really, really good. The plates - while small - are bursting with flavor. They can also do an Old Fashioned really, really well.
A couple tips:
-Unless you have a reso, go early. We went at 6 p.m. on a Saturday and managed to get 2 seats at the bar. By 7 p.m., it was standing room only. 
-You'll prob need 2-3 plates/person in order to feel satisfied.
-Must-try: rabbit risotto, brown butter tagliatelleI would change this to 4 1/2 stars and Yay! I'm a BIG fan.
I had read them reviews- both critic and wanna-be critics- and entered Stateside with high expectations for this elevated corner bar.  And yes, the chef earned all the merit badges bestowed upon him.   Everything we tried was absolutely delicious.    Even simple soup was something special.  Definitely worth a visit if you haven't been there yet.I wish I could give Stateside 5 stars, but can not any longer.  The female bartender the past few visits I have been there, I hate to say it, has been atrocious. Her bar is a mess with dirty service items sitting all over the place, spills everywhere on the bar and she acts like she can not be bothered by you, the paying customer. We sat at the bar and no one paid us any attention for a very long time. They forgot our drinks. They were served warm. After having an appetizer at the bar, the empty cutlery and plates sat there for at least 15 minutes. I ended up pushing them away from me so I would not have to stare at them any longer.  Time to tighten up the bar staff, Stateside.Any time! excellent service and awesome view to The Fountain on Passyunk Square. I highly recommend it.Oh man. This place is going to get a second visit from me because I only got to try 3 dishes the first time. Each was amazing. As was the drinks.
But let me back up. 
I live in the neighborhood and I've been watching them fix up this place for months. Then like magic one day it was done and open. When did that happen? I was down the street at B2 buying this awesome photograph (thanks again Leigh Metzler!) and as I was walking to my car I thought "hey, lets try the new place, much better than the Rice Chex I have at home!". 
I walked in, sat at the bar and started looking over the drink menu. I love a good cocktail and I was happy to learn that the bartender serving me had invented many of the drinks on the menu herself. After discussing what I liked, we decided on the Clover Club. I ended up drinking 3 of them before I left. It was an a really well mixed and balanced drink. I was happy there.
So I got the food menu and started looking. I was eating at the bar so I can't comment on wait service but the bartender knew the menu really well and explained the dishes I asked about in as much detail as I could pester her for. I was impressed.
I ended up wanting a bunch of the items but ended up with the Charred Broccolini which was super tasty though not for vegetarians since it has the wonderful home cured bacon mixed in. Then came the House Made Duck Sausage. This was amazing. Apparently there is a 2 day process in making this and it requires all these steps to complete it. I was explained them by the bartender but I all I remember now is that they sat in duck fat for a while to keep the juices in. It really was juicy and tasty and the mustard was a perfect complement to it (although there wasn't enough). Last up was the Steak Tartare. This was the best place of the evening for me. Simple and perfectly made.
Next time I'm going to sit at a table and try the Brussel Sprouts and Skate Wing and maybe the littleneck Clams.. yummy!I'm somewhere between a 3 and a 4 star rating. 
The location is great on the corner, open, overlooking the little piazza. 
Drinks were good, but a little overpriced. The bartender was attentive, but on hyperspeed unnecessarily. 
The food looked good, but it seemed as if they were trying to do too much. The bar seemed to be the focal point.
I would go for A drink, not more; unless you want to shell it out. If you want a 15$ drink, go to Franklin investment co.I was incredibly excited to eat here, so maybe my problem was I expected too much.  
No, probably my problem was that I came here the weekend that Chef Sabatino was competing in Hop Chef.  (Yes, I know he won) I probably should have waited until another night, when I could have tasted his handiwork. 
Hostess was at best - vague, at worst - rude.  When she told us there were no tables available, she then just stared at us for a full minute.  I asked if I could give her my name for one , and she sort of rolled her eyes and just said "I'll find you" 
Um...ok. 
So we sat at the bar, which looks beautiful (everything looks beautiful in there) and were served lovely cold glasses of water filled with ice. It was very hot , despite being late evening.
Two seconds later , it turns out there IS a table. Ok great.  We relocate to said table, and greeted by our server.  She then pours our water glasses with tepid water (no ice) from a pitcher.  I sure wish I'd brought mine from the bar. Come on people, it was HOT.
So, Ok, - I'm putting it behind me as we order.  Pickled carrots were delightful - albeit a bit boring.  My husband's drink (can't remember the name, some kind of Punch) was AWESOME.   But our server's boyfriend came in a few minutes after us - and she made no secret about sitting with him, and hugging him while we waited for our food.  Kind of weird in a place where you will drop the kind of money you will in Stateside. 
Just a little too casual. 
But the real problem was the oysters.   Husband ordered half dozen - East coast.  I abstained, not really into them unless I'm literally on the water.  Turns out I was wise - not ten minutes after eating them , the poor guy was violently puking in the toilet.   
He said he knew as soon as he ate them that something wasn't right. 
Now, I know this is a risk that you run when you consume anything raw.  I get it.  
But , it sure ruined the rest of the meal.   I gulped down the scallops (which were, i have to say - delicious)
We had to leave - he was ill the entire evening until he got them all out.  
So, I would go back - to drink.  But goddamned if I'm going to spend that kind of money on the food again.  
Don't go away again Sabatino!I've heard and read a lot about Stateside. Needless to say, I was pretty excited that we snagged reservations on a Friday night with a group of friends. The inside was casual and cozy which was perfect on a cold winter night.
What we ordered...
The Chef's plate. YUM. This came with one of their pickled items (carrots and celery), pork rillettes with kale, and some sort of amazing soft cheese that I've been dreaming about for days.I obviously enjoyed this. And the most amazing part was that they actually gave us enough bread. In addition we had the steak tartare with an egg and truffled sauce which was out of this world, brussel sprouts with tiny mushrooms and a lardo sauce(wow) and the crispy pork belly. Honestly, the only thing I didn't think of great was the pork belly. It was a tiny bit dry and hard to cut. I love pork belly and this was tasty but it wasn't great. 
Food aside, the service was good. Their liquors are all local so that was a bit difficult to choose from but thankfully the waitress helped me out and I was happy with my vodka choice. 
All in all I thought it was very good and I am looking forward to my next visit.A little disappointing. Went last night because of the great buzz about this place but it fell a bit short of our expectations. We got the happy hour oysters which were great. Then we ordered the terrine of foie gras, pickled carrots, parsnip soup, the grits, and the pork belly.  The first problem was that the foie came out like a rock hard piece of butter from a crap restaurant(you know the foil wrapped ones). We had to wait 10-15 min for it to be cuttable. We voiced our concern and they apologized and comped it.  It was tasty but it was just so hard to cut. Parsnip soup was the best thing we got.  Grits were okay but everything else was very good. Another problem was with the pork belly. It came out unfinished. 3-4 minutes after it came out a server brought out the shaved parsnips(which we didn't realize were missing).  The server also brought me the wrong drink and then brought me the right one after I left her know. But then she had both drinks on the bill. I didn't drink the incorrect beverage even though she said I could have it for free.  They took the incorrect one off the bill.
Even though this place didn't just open, it seemed like it did.  I really was excited to eat here and all these little problems took away from our enjoyment. Maybe it was just an off night.  Not sure I'll be back.The specialty cocktails were terrific and so was the food.  Definitely going back.We love going for hh, the staff and service is excellent. I know they've had a few iterations with the chefs but the current one is great. I'm brown so this review doesn't have a story archMy husband and I went to this restaurant/bar for happy hour.  Like other reviewers suggested, we got there right at 5:00 pm because it fills up fast.  The buck-a-shuck oyster happy hour was great!  The Frank's Red Hot mignonette was amazing!  I really enjoyed the Ithaca they had on draft for happy hour.  As much as it hurts, the only reason I am deducing one star is because of the small plates we ordered.  My husband and I love small plates and, in comparison, we have had better for the price.  All-in-all you cannot go wrong here, especially happy hour!  It was delicious, and I will definitely return!These folks are incredible sensitive to food allergies - can't compliment them enough! Also, their menu and cocktails are legit. Big recommend!Love the Feel of this place.  Passyunk Ave has become a cool place to hang out.  A 180° turn from what it was when I lived here (when dinosaurs roamed). There are now great restaurants and awesome bars on every block. Stateside is a great example of this change. 
Please note that I didn't eat here.  I just hung out and had a couple of different craft beers with friends. The huge street side windows open up to create a bar on the sidewalk (or you can go inside). Someone with a good sense of "how to repurpose stuff" used old high school cafeteria swivel seats to create seating on the sidewalk.  These can be raised or lowered to fit the occupant.  The servers have a great attitude and the whole place has an awesome "feel".  
They offer a nice selection of craft brews, decent wines and various liquors.  One person had the duck salad and said it was wonderful.  I will definitely check it out again.Jessica Y's review is spot on so I will borrow from hers: "Artistic Tapas + Local Beers + Good Company = Edible Art Dinner"  If you are willing to accept attitude from the wait staff you'll enjoy this place.  
I came here for a business dinner.  I don't have a lot of experience with dining in Philly, or Philadelphians in general, so I'm looking forward to this.  It's in kind of an eclectic area and well into the gentrification process - not a place I would normally choose for a business dinner, but then again I didn't choose the place.
I arrived around 4 just as the place was opening up and cooled my heels until the others arrived.  The vibe is what makes this place worthwhile.  Attractive female bartender jumps on top of the bar and begins wrestling to open the shutters (love the can-do Phlilly attitude).  Cordial, but not friendly, service.  
I cannot remember what I ordered, but I do recall enjoying every bite.  We cycled through many of the craft beers which I also enjoyed.
Overall positive experience and I would return if in the area.Tried this place out before the sweet 16 in Philly. Great happy hour deals , amazing food and top notch service and atmosphere . I will be back !I loved everything about Stateside.
Obviously, the food was delicious. My boyfriend and I ordered five plates, I think? (Hard to remember as there was copious drinking involved - also delicious) His favorite was definitely the pork belly, and mine was the scallops. The brussel sprouts were also yummy. Then we ordered dessert, too! I was full when we left, but I think he could have eaten more. Prepare to spend at least $100 if you want to eat and drink well.
Before I went, I was reading Yelp reviews and there were a lot about poor service or unfriendly staff, but I didn't experience that at all. Our server was very welcoming and prompt. Maybe people aren't used to tapas and the idea of staggering plates??
It IS somewhat of a close-quarters space, which I enjoy but I know my mother would hate. The ceilings are high, but the tables are close together. For me, it was a hip ambience.Came here for happy hour and got the old fashioned special but when the check came we were charged full price. Kinda shady since we were up front about it. Double check the bill!Fantastic night with dad and dad-in-law.  I highly recommend a flight of whiskeys for tasting.  The bartenders were fun and knowledgeable, but I'd have to say the pork belly dish stole the night! Fantastic and perfect to pair with endless libations!Went out here for a few cocktails last night an was thoroughly impressed. The bartender was extremely friendly and attentive with me an my girlfriend. I ordered a whiskey sour which was absolutely awesome. My girlfriend ordered their Pom Collins which again was very good. We the. Stuck around for a few beers an must say if you have not been here you are missing out. I am looking forward to going back an soon!When I heard the chef that made Stateside the number one restaurant in Philly for 2012 was leaving and than realize the week of I still hadn't made it there my friends and I on the second to last night took a chance at getting a spot at the bar.  We lucked out and after waiting in the not really meant for standing bar area with a beer we lucked out and snagged a seat.  And it was well worth it.  
Stateside is small but the bar was pretty cool, we tired some of the cocktails in addition to the beer.  If your in a small group of 2 or 3 its a great place to hang out but definitely not good for large group there just not a ton of space.  I want to make it back here now that is warmer out for the bar opens up and you can sit outside which expands its size.  Plus I need to see how the food is under the new chef.Ok this is perhaps my favorite place now although hard to get there often. First the staff is incredibly friendly in a very real way. Just down to earth nice people. My wife absolutely loves the cocktail selection and the sips I have had have been excellent. The beer selection always top notch and interesting. The food is not only great but served in reasonably priced and sized portions so that you can walk out and not waddle out and you don't have to drop $120 for a weeknight meal. Get the kale salad. Large and excellent with softened kale, chickpeas and a good creamy dressing. Get the duck sausage with sweet potato hash. Great idea to use a honey mustard in the dish as it just ties everything together. Get any of the side vegetables as the vegetables here whether as an accompaniement on your plate or as a stand alone plate are always top notch and can be very creative. If you don't just eat the food here but as you eat try to follow along in the thought process the chef had in putting together each dish you'll realize he will be around for a long long time to comeMade it here on a Friday night with a pretty late reservation. This was during the final weeks of George Sabatino's reign.  First, there was a delay in getting seated and the manager said we could get a drink on the house, but that didn't happen.  I did have a mint julep was tasty.  It was a Friday during Lent, so I was limited to the vegetarian/fish options.  We shared the vegetarian board which was actually really good, and a nice start.  There was some cheese, some pickled vegetables, and some other vegetable options.  It was on the smaller size but there was enough for our group of 4.  As far as the other dishes, we ordered many.  The scallops were really nice.  I loved the brussel sprouts.  Others had great things to say about the pork belly and the short rib.  I believe the menu has changed, and I'm glad I had the chance to check it out.Judging by the amount of people dining at Stateside on a Wednesday evening, people already know that the food is awesome.  With that in mind, I'll just relay my experience.
I popped in here to meet up with a friend after taking a run.  Fortunately she arrived slightly earlier than me and snagged the last available table in the corner.  The bar seats and all the tables were full.  Being this was my first time at this restaurant, I was a little shocked at how many people were there.
We started with the cheese plate which had three types on it.  One was exotic, one was a little adventurous and one was an aged cheddar.  The presentation was beautiful and the selections really opened us up for the remaining food.
The pickled carrots with ginger and cumin were a fun pick because well, I don't order them much and I felt like some funky flavors.  The salt roasted beets, also with lovely presentation were cooked to perfection.  The real star of the show was the maple glazed pork belly.  It was in a bowl with some cider and beautifully cheese grits.  I mean, holy hell did it rock my world.
Service was excellent and the design of this place is fun.  Lots of raw but well seated details and shiny surfaces.  It was a touch loud due to the open ceiling but that seems to be a restaurant trend.  It's definitely worth coming back here I just need to figure out when it's not packed.As far as gay bars go, this place is a bit confusing.
We were seated outside but then realized you can't sit outside just for drinks. 
Okaaay...back inside we were treated to the most indifferent service this side of Washington Ave. I appreciate the Ameri-centric theme, but it's a place that could do without the ugly american attitude. The food was good, without a doubt, but there's some schizophrenia afoot here as far as the bar's identity.  Will be back to try again, maybe it was an off night.I'm really down with Stateside.  A good happy hour is one of the quickest ways to my heart, and Stateside has one of the best.  5-7 M-F the decent beer list, which is already reasonably priced, is half off.  To top it off, dollar oysters are served up by the plateful.
The atmosphere here is pretty cool, they're going for the classy 1950s era where cocktails were king.  The bartenders are dressed smartly, and the whole concept just seems to work.
For the food, none of the small plates are large enough or tasty enough to leave a memorable impression.  It's good at the time; but that's about the best I can say.  I won't be back for a meal any time soon.
The staff is working out some kinks to this new place, and the space is small, but I'm down.  The new American tapas is an interesting concept, albeit a bit pricey.  At the very least, check it out for happy hour before this place gets mobbed.This place was charmingly casual and delicious!  I loved everything we ordered and had a great dinner experience on a random Wednesday night. I went with my brother, who is a chef for Jose Garces, and he is very particular and opinionated.  He was very impressed with the variety of the menu and the flavor composition.  The smoked pork rillettes were probably my favorite - such an interesting application (served in a jar and meant to be wrapped in bibb lettuce).  The cauliflower was surprisingly spicey which I loved.   Another one of the people I was with is a vegetarian and there were plenty of options for her (parsnip soup and shaved vegetable salad - both dishes were fresh and had sharp, clean flavors).
The chef at Stateside just won a national sausage contest a few months ago, so we had to order the duck sausage which was by far the most delicious meat we had.  The pork belly a close second.  The portions were perfect for sharing and I left feeling satisfied but not stuffed or comatose.
Go here!  It's a great neighborhood hang out but could also be a good choice for out of town guests wanting something different yet very "Philly".  The beer and wine list was also very good!As a longtime resident of Passy Ave, I was very excited to see that someone bought and renovated the space on Cross and Passyunk right on the regionally-famous Singing Fountain. The building was absolutely ripe for remodeling with large windows that open onto the street and a great location just south of POPE (aka the medieval dungeon). Occasionally I would check in on their progress. I was elated to see their layout, which places the bar in the corner so that tenders can serve both indoor patrons as they gaze out on the hipster street parade and outdoor ones enjoying the sweet South Philadelphia air. 
When their menu went up, I was even more excited... pickles, rillettes, pork belly ( yes, yes, and YES). But then I saw their beer taps... Bells 2 Hearted, Yards Love Stout, Victory Prima Pils (yyyyyaaaawwwnnn) and after eating there I can safely say that I have deeply divided views about this place.
We started with the Rabbit Rillettes w/ plum preserves which were absolutely amazing. The only thing I could fault is the lack of toast points they serve along with it. I really wanted to savor that fatty goodness longer.
Since Stateside has an entire menu section dedicated to pickles, I figured we should try some. Our server recommended the Kohlrabi And Cucumbers with pickling spice & dill... simple but a good litmus test I thought. These were a total disappointment, not so much due to the taste but more to the serving size. For $4 you get about 1/4 of a cucumber all tucked into a tiny pickling jar... umm what? Why would you do that? Cucumbers grow like crazy AND the pickling process is so easy my cat could do it.
Next up, small plates. We got the Spotted Skate Wing barley, wild mushroom broth, smoked mussels and Crispy Maple Glazed Pork Belly fried nora mills grits, gala apples, spiced cider jus. FAN-freakin-TASTIC. I mean, so very good. The broth for the Skate was out of this world, my date ate every last drop. The grits for the Pork Belly were pressed into a crispy little cake and perfectly fried. I was floored at how well each component added to the next.
After they killed it on the small plates, we decided to get dessert (something I rarely do). The server described the offerings and we settled on a Gala Pear Tart with some kinda sour ice cream. This was actually more like a chopped pear fruit cup with a penny-sized dollop of cream... so sad. 
Overall the atmosphere was ok, the interior defines the term "urban industrial'," but the bar is sturdy and marble and curvy ... almost kinda sexy. Next time I plan to stay away from the pickles, get a specialty drink, skip dessert, and sit at the bar.Breaking foodie ground in new neighborhood this was the first dinning experience we headed to 4th of July weekend. Unsure if it was because of the holiday weekend that they cut staff but service (though fantastic) was ridiculously slow. Took over 15 minutes for someone to come to our table. We ordered each a delish cocktail (great assortment of those!) and some tapas. Our tapas arrived before our drinks.... I'm chalking it up to the holiday weekend. Food was ok but the drinks were the shinning stars of the evening by far (desert was good too - although forget what it was - but was great) Our friend joined us later & we all cheers to new beginnings in the soon to be hood!IAte dinner at Stateside tonight as part of Passyunk Avenue Restaurant week.  It was utterly incredible.  First of all, the restaurant is small, which keeps the sound level low and the bustle under control.  My friend and I had a three course meal, but we were allowed to talk and linger and spent two hours eating our dinner.
The restaurant is quite dark, and the presentations of the food are quite unusual, so you really have to focus on the tastes in each dish.  What they do with vegetables is amazing.  The flavors are intense....and the combinations unusual....bringing out unusual flavor accents.  
The selection of bourbon is incredible.  I had a bourbon pairing with each course and was astounded by the difference in taste, smell, and smoothness of each drink.
I think this is a restaurant that requires food sophistication.  The servings are small, and require attention to appreciate the presentation and taste of each element.  
It was a wonderful experience and I definitely want to go back many times!Grew up in that area. Glad to hear of all great restaurants up Passyunk Avenue and stateside being number one. We ran. Ok small plate place = small plates of okay food for same price as regular size meals at other great restaurants. Oysters were delicious yet ate one that had off smell and taste and I couldnt eat anymore oysters. Just mentioned it to waitress got a blank stare. Drinks were fun to try since they were olden day drinks that you only hear about. But would have enjoyed having full happy tummy for $ we spent from the  NUMBER 1best of phila.The cocktails are superb but the food was a little lacking. Service was average, nothing special but not bad by any account. Certain dishes lacked seasoning which I think was my major issue with the food. The drinks made up for the mediocre dishes!Woah. This may be my favorite spot in Philly.
I'd first tasted a few of Chef George's delicious bites at a Yelp event. But it took me a while to get back to Passyunk and I'm so glad I did. It was after some Philly going away drinks with friends. I'd had a fantastic year in Philly, enjoyed some really phenomenal food and drinks, which helped me on my way to Yelp elite, but the year was coming to a close. 
But I was pretty drunk already...and hungry. We were going to meet a friend who's more familiar with the Passyunk scene and much more in touch with exactly what to order and where, so we ended up at Stateside. Again, woah. That crispy pork belly. The cauliflower, omfg. Parmesan croquettes. 
I'm out of Philly now, but I can't wait to go back just to go to Stateside. Thanks Chef George!This is a solid 3.5 star review- I rounded up. 
Went here last night (a Thursday) and required reservations. The Best of Philly thing has really made it tricky to just swing by this neighborhood spot. 
The drink menu has changed from what is online. So my friend and I were upset we couldn't order the "Gangsta's Pearadise" a concoction of champagne, pear vodka and pear puree...sounds good right? We were super bummed. Ah well. Red wine always fits the bill. 
We go to order the first round of small plates and are told we have to order everything in one shot. No biggie. The menu is on the smaller side, with a few vegetarian options for my friend. We decided to get cauliflower and pickled veggies to start and then I would get the rib eye and she was getting the tagliatelle with mushrooms. My favorite thing was the cauliflower. The rib eye was cooked perfectly, but I wasn't super over the moon about it. My friend loved her pasta, and I think I'll order that next time. 
For dessert we ordered the carrot cake with blue cheese frosting. The cake itself was really good, however the blue cheese frosting overwhelmed the cake so we just ate around it. I understood what they were going for, but the cheese was a little too potent. 
The prices of this place are fairly reasonable for the amount of food you get, just don't expect to scoot out of here without dropping $80 for 2 people.Their happy hour has $5 old fashioneds which were fantastic. Also some great beers on tap as well.
The food is small-plates style and they recommend 2-3 per person, which is about right. They range from $10-$20 or so, and those were hit-and-miss for us.Went there with a friend last night for a cocktail. The cocktails were reasonably priced. Next time hopefully we will be able to explore the menu and have something to eat. Service was prompt and unobtrusiveI'm perplexed writing this review.  
It was one of the better meals I will have for under $40 and we ordered a ton of plates if not over ordered, but nothing sang to me to the point where I want to always come back.  
We had most the menu, the Broccolini was special served cold w/ a curry mayo flavor, assorted pickle plate one of my favorite dishes to snack on, steak tar tar was the absolute winner of the night.  
On to main plates; the pork slider was pork belly and some dried potato crisps had alot of flavor but maybe under salted? Short rib (they didn't have cheek) was tender and soft, but nothing to die for.  The sausage for me was very special and tasted like an elevated version of a ballpark worst with sour kraut, but again borderline felt like something I could possibly make at home.  Pork rillettes were smoky flavor and a ham -like taste as it went down very very hard to put down, not something I could ever possibly make at home.
The mussels and clams were more like clams, butter soup, bread and a mussel.  there were actually 5 mussels in the dish.  I'd rather not have any mussels than 1.25 of a mussel for everyone at the table btw $21 dish...  I've been to flex mussels and for roughly the space premium they don't fu@k around you'll get a Costco serving worth of mussels for the same price.
Would I take a friend from home visiting, absolutely.  Would I come back and try more food sadly no.  I'm good, it was a one time only thing.  They get a 4 because the service was impeccable, the whisky sour will be dreamed about and to taste so many different foods in one sitting is absolutely rare.  
Go, but I think you'll agree it may be one and done.Wow. I went to Stateside on a Monday, having forgot most restaurants on Passyunk are closed. We were entertaining an out-of-town guest and wanted to show off South Philly. We decided to try out Stateside, initially because it was open and also their invited open air space looked inviting. Stateside looked like a gastropub, but I had no idea that the Stateside was worlds apart from a gastropub. 
Instead, I was delighted by the menu of interesting tapas, good beer selection, and novel cocktails. Our table of 3 selected 6 plates and 1 dessert and shared them. I loved every dish especially the salmon tartare. The service was excellent and the server brought us a complimentary amuse and small dessert. The restaurant had the right mix of casual atmosphere and original, upscale food.
And the price! With the happy hour specials and complimentary tastes, the bill was unbelievably low. Granted, we weren't drinking, but still the check amounted to under $20 per person. That was what earned Stateside the extra star. 
In sum, Stateside is a revelation. With only one visit, I knew this had become among my top choice of South Philly restaurants. And our out-of-town visitor was amazed. Stateside made us look good and proved that South Philly is a "go-to" destination.Ok, has anyone tried the new menu? I wanted to try Stateside for a loooong time and finally got around to it. The spot is very intimate and cozy, in fact they could definately add 3-4 extra tables and make more room for the people lining up at the door... Happy hour wine is pretty good, bread is fine, but... the rest? OMG, I've never had such a flavorless pate. Spam is BETTER. On top, it is served with 2 tiny pieces of toast( we are talking 2 half slices, TWO by TWO inch!). You are forced to ask for extra and pay for it. The foie gras is OK, but again , no bread to spread it on, just some miniscule beignets, as small as yout thumb nails. Seriously?!? Our server did a good job, so no complaints there, just the food. The entrees came with no starch, just a few bites of something. I mean, I understand the concept of small plates, but you are charging for a FULL price entree, damn it! The highlight of our evening was the foie gras dessert, not sweet at all and you could definately taste the foie. I thought that was exceptional and very creative. Compliments on that one for sure! But the pate...please add some seasoning( salt, pepper, herbs, nuts etc would be nice). I may revisit, just order something else. And...if you really want a GOOD pate or foie gras, go to Zinc, or Morimoto...Would have loved to leave a nice review. I took a twenty dollar cab ride to eat here arrived at 8:40 and the kitchen was closed. Hours of operation were listed kitchen open until 9:00. I did call earlier in the afternoon to confirm the hours they served food but nobody answered the phone. I have owned and operated restaurants my entire life and would never conduct business like that for his very reason. Very pretentious and disrespectful practices.Beat bar stools: no back and slippery seat. An initial bummer followed by the cocky bartender with serious attitude. Another bummer. Ordered a bite and it was so, so. Didn't love it here.I visited Stateside for a happy hour date with my girlfriends on a Wednesday night. Everything about it was almost great. Like.. so close. Almost.
I sat down at the bar and started in on my beer before my friends showed up. Draft list was small but everything seemed high quality and seasonal. I enjoyed staring out the window at frozen South Philadelphians impatiently waiting for their dogs to piss on the steaming sidewalk so they could scramble back indoors. When I'm alone, I like to chat with the bartender, and as an ex-member of the service industry, I appreciate a little effort on the part of the person behind the counter. However, our chatter was... ok. Almost.
My girlfriends came and now, with half a beer in my system and left without chatter, I was starving. The girls ordered drinks and I immediately asked for a couple of the menu specials and some oysters. Oysters were great, duck pate & cornichons were tasty but a little dry (and came with half as much crostini as the dish required), and the salt cod & potato fritters were somehow lacking the fabulous salty cod-ness I was craving. Still mostly good... almost.  
The music was great, the price was right... but it was really cold and too dark. Everything I liked about this place was somehow tempered by something that didn't quite work. I won't say I didn't enjoy my time at Stateside, but in a city with lots of options, I feel I can afford to hold out for the tried & true places that do excellent on all counts every time you come in. I am however, definitely willing to do a redo and let Stateside prove that consistency is possible! My hopes are high.My fave place for cocktails in Philly; especially when there are seats available outside. Good quality and serviceFirst time there. Love the place, but the small plates/big prices aspect is pretty out of whack.  Honestly, we get the small plates concept--it's ok.  We've been through the tapas phase, and all of it since it emerged.  And I have to say, the food, the drinks, the service and the vibe were all very, very good. But we were pretty disappointed with how small the portions were--it left us feeling a bit odd and awkward about how much food to take from each other's plates---even with the ordering of 2 dishes per person, and then a couple more on top.  And the prices seem high for what you get--$16 for a small sharing plate?  Net net, price for 4, with drinks and 2 desserts and 2 coffees, was $252. Again, the food was very tasty.  But really, when you see tiny portions on big plates, and this kind of bill, there just seems to be better value up and down the street.  Stateside, if you can enlarge things just a little, you'd have our business all the time.So amazing. I can't wait to go back again.
Two must-haves:
1. Hazen Blue Cheese with bacon caramel... I never want to know blue cheese, bacon, and caramel any other way again.
2. And the duck sausage. Ohh the duck sausage. Mmmmm. 
Atmosphere was cozy, service was friendly. Drink list was awesome. I would not mind becoming a regular.Pork Rillettes and Steak Tartare were both delicious, but the meal was mostly underwhelming. Glad to say I've been to the number 1 restaurant in Philadelphia, but it's definitely not my number 1.Great service, drinks and food.  Overall, we had a great birthday dinner at Stateside.
Our waiter went out of his way to make it a great night offering suggestions and drinks that made us very happy to be there.
Nice whiskey selection, and the bartenders made great drinks.
The food was very good, and we liked being able to share several dishes.  Highlights included the lamb meatballs, cheese board and mushroom risotto.This review is a little late.  We went right before Christmas.  Our experience was very positive.  The food great, beer great.  We didn't do cocktails so I can't speak to that.  We took our time and even though the place filled up after a while they never rushed us.  Our server was super friendly and funny.  Definitely go.If you're living in Philadelphia and you have never had a proper cocktail I have two things to tell you: Firstly, you are an idiot. Philly has its cocktail game on lockdown. Secondly, go to Stateside in South Philly. Impose upon the bartender your favorite poison and watch as a master craftsman conducts his business before you. You will find yourself with a renewed zest for life and may find yourself consuming beverages with an extra zeal and gusto to which you are hitherto unaccustomed. 
Additionally, the Brussel sprouts are a delight.We had appetizers which were very good.  The Steak Tartar  was a 3.8 out of 5.  Tough to get Tartar (much like Bloody Mary's) to be excellent in my book. 
The staff was terrific.  The dining area and bar were rather cold on the wintery day we visited.
But the real BEEF I have is a $7.00 up-charge for a $11.00 cocktail, so a Manhattan cost $18.00!!.  Who charges that?  Not even the bar at the Ritz.   And know that this upcharge was not for some precious liqueur!  But Rittenhouse Rye.  A Rye that retails for $21.99 at most retailers.  Just a few dollars more then Jim Beam sells for!!
So, in addition to being unbelievably offensive to be gouged to such an extreme.  It makes one wonder where else this establishment is gouging their customers.Although the small space (which includes a nice long bar and a dining room with 10 or so tables) felt slightly stuffy, Stateside's summer menu was perfect for a hot night out.  Comprised of mostly small plates, the menu had plenty of light, fresh options to choose from. 
I was impressed with the cocktail and beer menu, which included a nice list of drafts (Hell or High Watermelon anyone?) as well as a nice specialty/classic cocktail list and a pretty extensive whisky menu.  I tried The Avenue - Ginger infused Jim Beam Rye, sweet vermouth, fresh ginger - which was very refreshing.
I saved the cheese/meat/pickle section for next time, but it all sounded awesome.  We started with the Chilled Lobster & Bibb Lettuce Salad, which was drenched in a green goddess dressing (a little too much) and the mouthwatering Chilled Cucumber & Yogurt Soup which had tiny cubes of fennel gelatin scattered among nice big chunks of lump crab (highly recommended).
Finally we moved onto the delicious Day Boat Scallops (served w/ zuccini puree, corn salad, and oyster mushrooms)  and Bone Marrow & Truffle Sausage which was good, but not as amazing as I had hoped.
Overall, our dinner was very enjoyable and the service was good.  The small plates are a bit overpriced, but pretty well in-line w/ other places like this in the city.  I'd definitely go back.Friendly staff who enjoy their menu and patrons! 
Looking for a fun, local Philadelphia experience we looked to Phillymag.com for the top 50 and found Stateside #1 -- so yeah, that was 2013 but we decided it sounded great and the Yelp reviews were good -- We called from the inbound train and ask for an outside table and directions via public transport - in spite of being cut off in a tunnel, the staff was friendly and helpful. 
We started out with Moscow Mules and an artisan cheese board. Both excellent. So nice to get local cheeses!! The table next to us said we had to try the Whiskey Sour - it was so good he swore to pay our round if we didn't agree-- too bad he left before we got to round #2-- but he knew his stuff and it was an amazing drink. 
We also shared a green salad, the heirloom tomato salad (fab!), scallops (good but poor value for the $$), and the filet. It was all very tasty and well presented. 
The Passyunk area is really diverse- there were old men in the square playing cards and lots of younger people at the restaurants and bars. A great way to spend our one free night in the city!i'd give this place 3 1/2 stars if i could. the brussell sprouts were REALLY GREAT. i'm very picky about brussell sprouts and pretty much only like them when they're crispy and drenched in some kind of fat. everything else we had was good but not particularly memorable. oh except the sausage in the manila clams was awesome. great consistency and flavor. other than the clams, i felt the rest of the dishes were quite small and a bit pricy. another thing i didn't care for is that there is absolutely nowhere to wait for a table... the entrance is located on the side of the building and there is a POS machine right there. so you can't wait there without being in the way. and the bar area is very cramped - nowhere to wait there either. i'll definitely be back to give this place another try.Overall we had a great time, but for some reason, the one male server we were greeted by, was extremely 
aggressive and rude and pushed us to sit/stand at the crowded bar even though the dining room was completely empty .  The two bartenders were welcoming and nice and made our experience amazing, but the server who we had must have been an oversight on management.  The rest of the staff seemed polished, personable, and wonderful.  I highly recommend this place for anybody in south Philadelphia! Great happy hour specials including $5 old fashions and $1 oystersWe sat at the bar on a relatively nice day, with the windows open.  The bartender was attentive.   We were there for happy hour and had $1 oysters, which were delicious.  Half priced drafts too.   Great deal!  We had lettuce wraps and three other small plates.  All were creative, fresh and quickly served.  The plate was described when dropped off.  We also had two desserts (cherry pie, yum!). The staff was friendly and the restaurant was very clean.  Great experience all around!If you enjoy creative small plates and yummy gnocchi with a side of overly pretentious service, I would highly recommend Stateside. Be forewarned the happy and pleasant food runner will completely and totally make up for the pretentious server.Sorry, Stateside, but you've lost my business for good. Two girlfriends and I arrived here about 8PM on a Friday evening and there were several empty tables inside and about ten empty tables outside. The bar was full. We opted to sit outside and enjoy the cooler summer day and do some people watching.
We took our time looking over the drink menu and oohed and aahed at the cocktail options. While my friends were looking over drinks, I looked at the food menu and saw at the bottom that there was a **$15 minimum per person on food.** Ok, I go to plenty of restaurants that I love and I spend $15 or more on food, but somehow, seeing that in writing as a house rule really bugged me. We were hoping to get a cocktail and a smaller plate and maybe spend $20 total on food and drinks.
If the place had been busier, we would have gotten up right away, but since it was on the empty side, I asked our waitress if it would be alright if we didn't spend the $15 minimum on food, but spent a slightly smaller amount. She asked us to wait and went and got her manager. When he came outside, the first thing he said when he approached us was, "I hear we have a problem." That immediately put us on the defensive- but maybe that was his point. We explained that we only wanted a drink and a smaller plate and was wondering if they would make an exception to their $15 minimum. He responded saying that Friday nights were VERY busy and that it wasn't THAT hard to spend $15. Both of these statements are valid, but, frankly, the place was about half empty at that point and we wanted to be able to decide how much or how little we wanted to spend. Overall, we were very surprised by his response.
I then asked him directly if he wanted us to leave if we were to buy a small plate and drink, but not spend the $15 minimum. He said yes.
So we did.
Stateside, I know Anthony Bourdain has paid you some attention, but that does not necessitate being rude to your customers. If the manager has explained that the $15 minimum was their policy and then apologized for the inconvenience, we may have stayed anyway, but his aggressive and rude responses were extremely off-putting.
I'm glad I didn't spend a penny here, and I never will.This place caters to a specific group: mostly vegans/vegetarians, although there are some meats on the menu.  The portions were small but over all tasty. Cheese plate was boring. I believe they fancy themselves as food purists, perhaps that's why there was no salt, pepper on the table, and why I could not get any sweetener besides regular sugar with the unsweetened iced tea that I requested.  What was really bizarre was that when my tea came, it came in the form of a 16oz jar of Honest Tea, as in what you get from Wawa.  THEN they charged me 2.50 for it! The place was packed, however, so their intended audience must be satisfied.Everything went right tonight.  I had a wonderful meal and I didn't have to watch the eagles lose to the Cowgirls.  We wandered up and my son said he had heard good things about this restaurant.  I bet he did. We had some great beers and then ordered a bunch of small plates.  Each one that came out was better than the next.  We luckily ordered the chef's plate which had a wonderful cheese, duck bruschetta and chicken pate.  All were extremely tasty.  We were fortunate that our son didn't get the message and came late.  We convinced him to order a second plate which we all wolfed down on him.  The pork belly, scallops, shaved salad, grits and parmesan croquettes were all worth the energy we spent eating them.   The service was fine, everything we wanted came when we needed it.  The food was timed so we always had plates on the table and the next plate right behind. Can't wait to go back to this place.  It wasn't cheap, but is was money well spent. Makes me glad my son lives int the neighborhood, perfect excuse to go visit and doubtful he'll turn us down. Stateside goes way high on my list of places to eat at.Though it has a great look and vibe with a bar that spills into the sidewalk, very European, the food, particularly portions, fell short.  Small portions (even the large plates were small) and prices that were way out of line.  Great presentation if you like a big plate with food covering about an 1/8 of the territory!  I did like my cauliflower small plate which was a reasonable size (maybe cause it's a veggie)?  The duck large plate tasted okay, was not particularly tender and a serrated knife would have helped.  Other note, really loud, hard to converse and the exposed air conditioning duct above our heads dripped.  A server would regularly come by to swab it!  If I came back, I'd stick with getting a beer at the bar.  Nice selection for beers!I haven't actually dined at Stateside since the super-hot George Sabatino era and sorely missed Elijah Milligan days, but I can say it is currently a great place to have a few tasty and creative cocktails before dinner at one of the many outstanding restaurants on East Passyunk Ave (Noord, Fond, Laurel, Will, and Le Virtu being my current favs, and looking forward to Townsend).
I recently enjoyed (see photos):
~"Bee Sting" with Uncle Val's Botanical Gin, Lemon, Honey, Absinthe
~"Short & Stout" with Old Grand-Dad Bourbon, Vanilla, Whole Egg, Stout
I tweeted a photo of the latter on Twitter and Old Grand-Dad himself replied: "I'll have you know I'm a tall, svelte fellow. But that drink looks delicious, however named!"  LOL!
Stateside is also one of the few Philly bars to offer several different bottlings of Pappy Van Winkle bourbons, although they probably only have one bottle of each so these sell out, and what they may have at the moment will vary.  The 15 year-old Family Reserve was 30 per ounce (totally worth it!), and 23 year-old was $60 per ounce.  These are served in small grappa or sprit glasses...high-proof, so sniff without swirling!
Will have to try new Chef Kevin D'Egidio's (ex-Will) cooking one of these days...First time coming last year: This place has amazing cocktails and great food with an impressive happy hour
Next time a few months after that: this place has great whiskey but could get the same whiskey but just not as expensive at other bars.  The food is subpar from what it used to be
Last time: This is our last time coming here - food is just not as creative or good as it was before and with so many new places opening around passyunk, we'd rather go somewhere that we can enjoy ourselves.  Side note: service pretty much made us definitively not want to go back.  Our waitress barely checked on us and I had to flag her down several times.  Happy hour is still a good deal if you want to try that out but I don't recommend staying for dinnerflawless from beginning to end. we went to celebrate my bday on friday night. i have been hearing how awesome this place is and it had only been open one day shy of 3 weeks. good wine selections. all fancy beers. theres a great focus on the liquors and cocktails. the service is knowledgeable, attentive and friendly. the decor is very cozy. dimly lit and sexy. brick and exposed duct work. but lets just get to the food, shall we? holy hell. we started with the potted rabbit. then the beef cheeks. rabbit was good, but the beef cheeks? im still thinking about. like butta. then we had the scallop dish and skate wing. every bite was a surprise of yum. great flavors and presentation. theses are small plates. my boo has an endless pit for a stomach. when we had the first plate he says"you realize i'm going to have to get a cheese steak after we leave here". but after dinner was done he was perfectly satisfied. we did partake in dessert of course. he had an apple stuffed doughnut. it had bacon on it! he loved it. i had some pear thing that was out of this world. the only problem i had was no coffee. i kinda need it to finish dinner. but i was told they just dont have the coffee set up yet. so next time.its ok stateside, i aint mad at ya. we couldnt have picked a better place. super impressed with this spot. again, passyunk steppin it up. fab spot without the crazy center city prices.I was excited to share Stateside with out of town guests last night. I noticed the place wasn't packed which surprised me on a Friday night. After being seated, I realized that the menu was new. The waitress explained that there was a new chef and the current menu was 1/2 of what it eventually will be. There were about 10 items on the menu. The waitress said the items were meant to be shared and with a group of 4, we would each get a bite. She wasn't kidding. The portions were so small that we each had only 1 bite of each item. The flavor was good and presentations were nice, but the portions were just too small for the price. Our favorites were the brown butter tagliatelle and the rabbit risotto - we just wanted more. We're no strangers to shared plates or haute cuisine, but the small portion sizes were a but out of hand. I would also like to see a little more creativity like we saw from chef Sabatino. The biggest disappointment was dessert. We ordered the Chocolate 3 Ways. This was a simple mouse, a small nub of ganache and a drizzle of chocolate sauce. We left hungry and stopped for a slice of pizza down the block.
We were lucky enough to enjoy Stateside before chef Sabatino left. Our first experience was 5 star worthy. I hope the new chef steps it up!I had been here for drinks before, and after some very good specialty cocktails (the Old Cuban is my favorite), my boyfriend and I decided to try Stateside for dinner sometime. Well, last night, we finally did, and we enjoyed our food and drink even if we didn't enjoy the bill.
Per our server's suggestion to get 2 to 3 plates per person to share with each other, we started off with the flatbread (shrimp, caesar, shitshito) and the lamb carpaccio (huckleberry, argan oil, green olive). Both were good, very fresh, and very flavorful. I would recommend the lamb carpaccio over the flatbread, it was a bit more distinctive. Next we had the scallops (corn, chanterelle, gnocchi) and the pork cheek (BBQ, carrot, apple). When we first got the scallops, it took us a little bit to realize that the scallops were formed into the same shape as the gnocchi, and they looked indistinguishable from each other. A nice touch. The pork cheek was extremely tender and flavorful, and the scallops were some of the better ones I have my had in my admittedly limited scallop-consuming experience. Again, the toppings were fresh and fairly creative, as one would expect from a trendy tapas-esque place such as this.
In short, the food was good, the drinks were good, and the service was good, but at nearly $100 for two people before tip, I would have expected at least one out of the four dishes we had to ravish my taste buds. None of them did. I would come back for drinks, but not for dinner.A neighborhood favorite!! Great for all types of occasions...romantic date, dinner with friends, drinks with a girlfriend. The parsnip soup with lobster is my favorite food in the city!! Great drinks and a good vibe, which is especially fun in the summer when they open up their huge windows. Love, love, love.Such a lovely spot for some food with friends. The service was warm and friendly on a freezing night and the food was delicious and beautiful. The highlight was Danish æbkeskiver that would be legit if served in Copenhagen.Reminded us of the dearly departed Adsum.  So many unique dishes to choose from!  A well-rounded beer, wine and cocktail list.
Started with the Rabbit Rillettes and the pickle plate. The Rillette was different than expected. And thats probably because we had no idea what rillette was! It was mild and salty, topped with a delicious pear preserve.  The pickle plate had all four offered pickled veggies plus one that wasn't on the menu! A little sweet, a little salty, even one that was a little spicey.
The special of the night was an octopus small plate.  Its always a gamble getting octopus, because so often it comes out rubbery and over-seasoned.  Not so at Stateside.  It was as tender as sausage and was finished with just the right amount of seasoning.
We finished off the meal with their Apple Stuffed Donut, which comes in a pool of caramel syrup and is sprinkled with bacon. This was absolutely divine! In this vein, maybe Stateside will think about resurrecting the Bacon Snickers from Adsum..pretty please!
An excellent meal all around with superb food and spot-on service!The only reason I give Stateside five stars are for their Bartenders and the close proximity to my house. Oh and hey, one of the best bourbon selections in the city!!
Tonight I arrived at 9:30. The server told me immediately to sit where ever I wanted because table service and food service were over. I was disappointed because I was hungry and wanted to eat before I sampled the amazing bourbon selection Stateside has. My friend and I sat at a table and were confused if we had to order with the server or go through the Bartenders to get a drink. After flagging down The server, he came over and was quickly swept away and we were just as quickly ignored by another table closing out their check. 
Shortly after some bar guests left so my friend and I quickly moved from a table to the bar. The two Bartenders made us suddenly feel comfortable and at home. We asked numerous questions about the specialty cocktails they were making and they answered proud of what they were doing. They helped us decide on a Maple bourbon martini and a Sazarac. Both out of this world delicious. 
While at the bar we witnessed the server be quite rude and passive aggressive to new guests arriving at the restaurant so much so we were glad we scored seats at the bar. 
I thought I was walking into an upscale Passyunk restaurant. The server doubted that for a few but the two Bartenders really made up for it. 
I will be back but I'll make sure to score a seat at the bar. 
P.S. Thank you for having such a great bourbon selection. I lived in KY so it's rare to see that up north!!This was the most overpriced mediocre food I've ever had.
The heirloom tomato was simply not made with a good, flavorful tomato, it was watery and tasteless. The beef cheek was okay, the cheeses were okay (we only really liked one), the flatbread was okay, everything else was okay too but there was no dish I would order again.
The service was friendly and the interior is nice but at night it's pretty chilly inside due to the open doors/windows from the bar. I wouldn't come backOK so we'd been wanted to checkout Stateside for a while, but we got the motivation after it won Best of Philly.  Going into it, we knew it wasn't the best move since it would likely be a madhouse, but we were able to get a res so we figured we'd give it a whirl.
So we were directed to our table via a 'point' which may be a modern twist at being taken over and having the chair pulled out for you... but that seems stuffy and formal, so I sat down, took off my coat, and took to the drink menu.
I had seen a drink- Gangsta's PEARadise, on their online menu that sounded delish!!!  It wasn't on their drink menu though, so we asked.  Turns out the online menu is out of date.  No offers to make the drink anyway, since they likely had everything on hand.  So we went for wine- a Cab Sav.  At $9/glass, it was a quasi-light pour... but ok....
Then we opened our menus.  They were out of the beets, which bummed me out, but they had a pickle plate to fill in for it.  Being a pickle-a-holic, I was stoked!  We coordinated our choices and then ordered.  We were going to start off with appetisers so we could think about our entree choices for a bit, but apparently this restaurant has rules, and you have to order everything together.  Maybe a modern twist on ordering?  I found the rigidity a bit confining, and frustrating.  For starters we had the cauliflower, and the pickled stuff, and for our entree my friend had the steak special, and i had the tagliatelli.
Cauliflower was to die for.  Every bite was different and delicious.  I had no idea that this basic basic vegetable could have so much potential!  The peanuts really took it to the next level.  I was enamoured.
Then came the pickles.  Couldn't even finish them.  Most of the pickled items were carrots, or what we deducted to be fennel.  There were sweeter pickles, peppered pickles, but none were particularly awesome.  The carrots were particularly icky.  I preferred the fennel the most... but even that was more hunger than anything.
Then came our entrees.  My friend said her steak was alright, but nothing she'd come running back for.  My tagliatelli was pretty awesome.  Very small portion though, which i know is what you get at this place, but for $11, i really would have loved just a few more bites.
We were planning on ordering desert, but were told we'd have to get our order in before we were done our entrees since the kitchen was closing... at 10p.  You think after you get Best of Philly, you take advantage of that and push for maybe an extra hour?  The place was still packed.  Modern dining?
We got dessert- decided to share the carrot cake with blue cheese frosting.  It sounded really interesting.  Intersting it was... the cake was delicious, but the blue cheese in the frosting was just too overpowering.  We ended up scraping it off, and just splitting the little piece of cake.
All in all, our experience at Stateside was consistent with what I'd expect of a place that just won Best of Philly.  The food was hit or miss, but if you hit... it was amazing.  The misses just didn't quite work the same way.  I'd like to give this Best of Philly some breathing room, then head back.  The drop-in little neighborhood gem that this restaurant used to be has had some attitudnal shifts... and I'd like to go back to my fond memories of a cute little spot with good booze and good food.I was excited to try Stateside after it won #1 in Philly Mag.  We went for my boyfriend's birthday.  First disappointment of the night, one of the items on the chef's plate really interested my boyfriend, but the others didn't at all, so we asked if we could order the one item separately.  Answer, no!  So we ordered the oysters, scallops, beef cheeks, broccolini, and brussels sprouts.  The beef dish was really tasty---best of the night for me.  My boyfriend really liked the broccolini, but I found it overly salty, and I wished it weren't cold.  The scallops were mediocre, and I thought slightly rubbery.  The oysters could have used a more punchy accompaniment.  The brussels sprouts were underdone and kind of boring (I like Barbuzzo's much better).  We ended the meal with the sugar cookie 4 ways dessert.  It was good (especially the "cookie dough" one), but nothing to write home about.  All in all, I was a little disappointed--nothing was bad, but nothing made me say I can't wait to come back.  It certainly doesn't deserve a rating above Vetri in my opinion (and I much prefer Vernick).Once again - amazing service from the waitstaff.  They are seriously top notch.  Also the food remains delicious.  
You should totally get the Old Cuban cocktail!!  It's sooo yummy.  I like the added garnish of the vanilla bean pod.  I could drink these all night.Stopped by for a few drinks after dinner and we really enjoyed Stateside! No food this time but plan on coming back soon. Great drinks, awesome bartenders and really cool layout (try to sit at the outside bar)!Still my favorite place in town after another stellar meal.  I had to try the new fall menu and it didn't disappoint.  The only drawback the entire meal was the huge windows were open the entire time - it was super chilly and from me, that's saying something.  
The food, however, was flawless with the parsnip soup with vanilla poached lobster being the highlight along with the chef's board.  I could have eaten my weight in chicken liver mousse...so romantic...I know...
The duck sausage with sweet potato puree was also outstanding.  Honestly, everything was great down to the pickled carrots and the beer.  The service was also good and attentive; I'm not sure what people are fussing about, if you want to have a conversation with someone, go to a coffee shop...Very cool place, good location, and contrary to some of the other reviews, very good service.
we started off with the chef's board and steak tartare app, as recommended by our server.  both were very good.  we then tried the scallops, beef cheek, and sausage.  i particularly enjoyed the beef cheek.
cocktail menu was extensive.  if you plan on drinking, it can get expensive as most cocktails are about $10.
all in all a great time and i look forward to returning.Trendy spot on East Passayunk next to the fountain.
Apparently they now have a new head chef --- went there on his first night so had a limited but delicious menu.
Highlights included:
- butternut squash soup
- pork belly
- foie gras
Grab a stiff whiskey drink and enjoy.
Waitresses were very slow though and didn't even explain the dishes we were eating. I know it's a small thing, but when you pay good money for good food, they can at least tell you the details of the dish they bring you. (-1 point). Food came out promptly, though.i had just finished working a nearly 13 hour shift. on a saturday. after being immersed in fried food all day, i was craving me some veggies....and a stiff drink.
enter: stateside, a fairly new, prohibition-themed gastropub in the heart of east passyunk. our nearly midnite arrival meant my choices were limited to those items that needn't be cooked, but i hardly felt limited in my selection, even as a veg. 
but first things first: drinks! the clover club called to me, as i am a big fan of egg whites in my cocktails. it was frothy and refreshing....exactly what i needed. while tempted to order another on my second round, i went with the other eggy offering: the gasparilla. house made orange bitters were most notable here; another solid selection. 
my dining companion ordered himself a classic manhattan (gorgeous in color, and complete with a REAL cherry!) while also inquiring about the rather curious "death's door WHITE whiskey" listed on the menu. the friendly & knowledgeable GM soon came over to explain the brewing process of this wisconsin-made whiskey, along with a free (!) sample so that we could see how it has the aroma and initial bite of tequila, but with a whiskey finish. oh yeah, this is definitely a whiskey bar.
back to food: we started with a cheese plate. i love cheese; it makes me happy. especially good cheese, paired with perfect accouterments. no doubt specific offerings will vary with season, so i won't go into detail, but man, they know how to put together a mean cheese plate. next up, assorted pickles: carrots, cukes with celery root, and fennel with butternut squash (!) plus an order of salt roasted beets. veggie craving: satisfied!
....tho i am still craving the pan roasted brussels i've read so much about on here. clearly, i need to get back to stateside soon - this time at a normal hour.I don't know how this was rated the top restaurant in Philadelphia for 2013 by Philly Mag.  There are definitely better places to eat in this city.  Food was mediocre.  Service was slow and pretty poor.  Timing was off with everything.  Lack of attention.  Poor execution.  Nothing innovative on the menu.  Ok for a relaxed neighborhood dinner that you stumble upon but hardly up there as a showcase of what Philadelphia has to offer.  Good selection of whiskey- looks as though that is what they have focused on.  Butter and salt occupy most of the flavor on the very small menu.  Unimpressed.This place is exactly what it should be.  Went there on a Sunday night after a Philly Beer Week event so the place was pretty packed, put my name in for a table then walked down East Passyunk while we waited.
The hostess said it'd be about 45 minutes, but when I came back around that time she very apologetically said that no tables had freed up.  Got a table about 15 minutes later which wasn't a huge issue, but regardless they comped us our first round of drinks for the inconvenience.  Great service extended through dinner as well.
The food was approachable, yet exciting.  Bone marrow & truffle sausage was delicate and accented nicely by the sunchoke pickle.  I don't know what a sunchoke is, but it was damn good.  Maple glazed pork belly was similarly well done, with the strong maple flavor somehow not being overpowered by the citrus from the apple and vice versa.  Tried some scallops and whipped goat cheese as well, both were excellent.  Just had one beer but the list was extensive enough for most.Nice restaurant located in the Passyunk Ave. section of South Philly. Small tables. The table size may not be an issue if you don't order a lot. You have to get really lucky to find a parking spot so I would suggest valet parking. The valet($12) works for most of the restaurants in the area, but not all. If you go to a restaurant that doesn't participate in the valet program then it's roughly $22. This particular day(5/17/15) it was kinda humid, so my guest and I were a little uncomfortable, but I won't blame that on Stateside (although ceiling fans may have helped). The food and service were good. The duck was particularly tasty. A return trip is in order.Worst service in the world. These people will be snobby to you while not knowing anything about beer or food. The fact is, these people are worst than snobs. At least snobs usually know what they're talking about.
Never again.We decided to try a bunch of small plates on Sunday night during our first time at Stateside. Everything we ordered was excellent. Favorites were the Pork Belly, Cauliflower and the Foie Gras. The open seating bar was very inviting and relaxed, intimate atmosphere inside was exactly what we were looking for. Our waitress was very down to earth and knowledgeable about the menu. We had a great experience and will definitely be coming back again soon.Amazing cocktail bar. 
Watching the mixologist create our majestic cocktails was a sight to behold and they tasted as good as they looked.
I wouldn't come here on a weekend (not a speedy place) but it was the perfect place to have a delicious drink during the middle of the week and not feel rushed.Apparently no one has told the staff that when your restaurant is this good the food is supposed to come with a side of either pretentiousness or excessive hipster.  These folks just seem to be having a great time making astoundingly flavorful dishes effortlessly.  Every plate is a little gem.
Everyone raves about the pork bellies, and with good reason, so a word about the butternut squash soup instead.  It was hot with just a touch of spice, topped with an apple froth that gave a little sweetness. The pumpkin seeds added a nutty flavor that I have been thinking about ever since I left.
I can't remember a better meal.  Go.  Go now.Amazing small plates very creative use of local ingredients, great wine list fantastic selection of Bourbon and American whiskey. Service was excellent very well trained knowledgeable staff. As a chef I was very impressed.Came here for a drink on Saturday 5/12 while waiting for a table at Palizzi Social. Greeted curtly by the host with "do you have a reservation" and told us there was no room to stand inside so come back in 45 min. Meanwhile it as starting to rain. We were about to go somewhere else and there were some open stools outside so we grabbed those and ordered $50 worth of drinks. The rain got worse before we could finish our drinks so we tried coming in again - the host continued to be rude and tell us there was no space for us (even though there was) despite the swirling storm outside. We were forced to chug our drinks and go elsewhere. Will never come back here. All bartenders were nice to us at least !This place is amazing. There literally isn't one bad thing I could say about it. The food is amazing, the price for the fixed menu is so inexpensive and the service was out of this world. The pork belly was perfectly cooked, which is rare in this city. We will definitely be back again soon!Cool scene, edgy clientele, good food.   Yet this place would be a lot cooler if they had Philadelphia's own, Saint Lucifer Habanero Pepper blend on the tables like their hipster counterparts.  I of course will be coming back here to eat on the regular.  The steak tar tar was spot on and the apps were amazing.  But next time I ask for some extra heat, get me a bottle of Saint Lucifer, and not an ordinary bottle of hot sauce.Amazing......great food and the staff and service outstanding. Duck sausage do not miss..    crispy pork belly just yummy... dessert was a twist on smores. A must try...... great whiskey selection..... can't wait for my birthday because this is where I want to celebrate.The largest tapas I think I've ever eaten. What a treat it was to share with friends and try the unique variety they offer here. We got the duck, salad, tuna, funnel cake, carrot pie, soup, New York strip, octopus and scallops. Each dish was crafted and sourced in the United States, hence the name. What an exquisite place!Went for a post happy hour drink and some oysters. I should note we were unaware at the time of the new menu having heard great things about the old Stateside, we finally got a chance to go. We were soorly disappointed.They asked if we had a reservation, we did not, but they tried to accommodate us by letting one of us sit on a barstool while waiting for another seat. This was awkward when no one left and everyone was wondering why this guy was standing behind them. I ordered a dirty vodka martini, any self respecting bartender should know how to get this right, it was subpar and too sweet, in my opinion, the best place in the city for a good martini is Southwark, but i digress, you typically want what you want no matter where you are. Im not the type to return anything unless i absolutely cannot choke it down. I quickly rethought this philosophy when i ordered oysters, HUGE MISTAKE. They are labelled on the menu as $3 a piece east or west. I thought that was a little steep so I ordered 3, the bartender informed me (though this was not on the menu anywhere) that you can only order a half dozen or a dozen! So trying to save face, I ordered a half dozen. Then they came out... A half dozen oysters were emptied of their liquor and instead topped with fucking blueberry puree!!! WTF! Oh yeah and they tasted like crap. Very little on the new menu looked appealing. Whatever the new chef is doing to try to keep this living up to the hype it was...not working.We only went for beers and there happened to be seats at the bar. Very cool space and the selection of booze was very unique. Would definitely go back.I often only write reviews when I feel like a place is amazing (or horrible), but I felt like Stateside was only mediocre. My spouse and I recently went there for a dinner date with a friend and her fiancee and weren't thrilled with the experience.
First, the food was delicious. A small, great menu that definitely satisfied -- we ordered a selection of plates and the chef's board, which wasn't quite enough to share between all of us. Regardless, we enjoyed everything we tasted. We didn't stay for dessert, but the selection of after dinner treats and drinks looked like a great topper to the meal.
Our issue was with the service. Stateside was very well-staffed for only having a dozen tables and a small bar. We arrived shortly after our friends, who had already been seated. We took our seats and looked through the drink menu -- when our server arrived, she dropped off their drinks and immediately walked away. No greeting, no drink orders. The bar was nearly empty, and there were only two other tables seated at the time.
It took another ten minutes to come back and take our drink order -- another long wait for our drinks. Finally, we ordered our dinner with the chef's board to share. They brought out our plates at odd times. We received a lone cold dish and waited twenty more minutes before our hot dishes came out. This seemed a little strange to us, since we didn't want to stagger our eating. We tried to order more drinks, but our server never bothered to ask when we had empty glasses.
We've been to small plate and tapas restaurants before -- Stateside just felt like a let-down because of the service. Would we go back? Likely not, with the number of other, similar restaurants in the city.Absolutely love this place. It's one of those spots that is unpretentious and will surprise you (or maybe not based on all of these great reviews).  While I'm presuming Chef George Sabatino (@gwsabatino) has a team, the kitchen staff is skillful, so much in fact, that their creations are not only delectable but a work of art (look him up on Instagram). In short, go to Stateside and taste everything you can.  This place is more for the adventurous, and sure our taste buds will all differ, but you can't go wrong.  Oh...and the whiskey selection...it's among the best in Philly. Just go here...just not when I'm there so I can still snag a seat.Went on a Saturday night and had a great experience. 
Service was outstanding. Couldn't ask for more. It's a casual place, but the service was befitting a coat-and-tie type place. 
They do small plates that cost $10-24. So it's expensive. Some of the reviewers seem to be shocked by this. I have never been to a small plate/tapas place where each plate didn't cost 10-18. Portion size was standard for a small-plate place. Again, I have no idea where these reviewers giving Stateside 1 star have been eating. 
Each plate was awesome. My date and I each picked three plates, so six plates total. The pork belly and the venison were highlights, but everything was excellent. 
Solid drink menu. I'm not that into cocktails, but my date's was good. I had a pumpkin ale that was great. 
This place is expensive. If you don't know that going in, then your expectations will be off. We had scallops as an appetizer, 6 small plates, and 3 alcoholic drinks for $120. So it's expensive. What you get is delicious food and outstanding service in a fun environment. I'm always concerned with cost and value when eating out. 
I keep harping on this: I have no idea how yelpers go about rating cost. There is no way that you can get an appetizer + full meal + alcoholic drink at Stateside for less than $60. The vegetable plates are 10-14, and the protein plates are 18-24. 
Lastly, many of these reviews criticize the service at Stateside. Maybe it used to be that way, but it wasn't at my visit. In fact, it was probably the best service I've gotten in Philly. Every was nice and attentive without being obtrusive. Most of the time, I didn't even notice my water being filled or the plates being cleared. 
Sure, I'm not going back any time soon because of the cost. But for a special occasion? Totally worth it.The what restaurant in town! Great food and service. Devin is the nicest bartender and he makes delicious drinks- the cocktails are amazing.Everything about this place is great and I've only been here once but I loved it. You can only sit at a table if you're ordering a certain dollar amount of food, otherwise you have to sit at the bar. The food is great, though! I only had their small plates (steak tartare, scallops, pork belly) and dessert (panna cotta, coffee martini). I haven't had a bad dish here yet. Very highly recommended!Wanted to love this place, went for restaurant week and the portions were so tiny. After dessert i was ready for a meal! Dishes were fine, not great at all but not bad. Nothing special about the food and Not worth the money in my opinion! Drinks were great, they were the highlight. If you're going, get the pork belly at least.Great place for a date night out. Got two seats at the bar, and you could tell that the bartenders here care about the drinks they are making. Each cocktail that went out was given time and attention, right down to the running of the rind over the rim of the glass prior to it being sent out. We also ate a full dinner here which was great. Would highly recommend the squid snack.Best happy hour in South Philly! 1/2 off drafts, $1 oysters, and $5 wines from 5-7pm. They also have fantastic, inventive cocktails. The staff is amazingly kind and attentive. Our friends consider this place our "Cheers".The food is delicious, and it's all tapas and small plates. I knew that going in but I was surprised at exactly how small a small plate is here.  We ordered their Chef's Board and I was very let down with what we received for $25. 
Very very impressive bourbon list. 
We had a 5 o'clock reservation and when we walk in at 4:55 they tell us that they weren't open yet and to come back in a few minutes. Mind you it's 35 degrees outside and my fiance has a cold.  Then when we do get back in there drink service is a crawl.  Slow service and not a good start.  
Glad I tried it but I won't be back.Unbelievable loud. We were at a table for four and could only speak to the person directly opposite us. Diagonal conversations weren't possible. Screaming, maybe. My ears were ringing the next day and my voice was hoarse.  Surly and condescending service. Frankly, I don't the guy cared at all.  Food was average. 
Tip for business:  Sound baffles!  Curtains, soft panels, anything!Went on Thursday for Happy Hour which Amanda C. and I were very excited about because they have buck-a-shuck! No need to go to Oyster House for dollar oysters! And Happy Hour also includes half price draughts and $5 red and white wines.
When I got there around 5:15 (happy hour runs 5-7) I was the only one in the bar but it quickly picked up in the next 30 minutes. We sat at the very nice stone bar. They were playing jazz which added nicely to the atmosphere. We had a couple of draught beers (normal selection - nothing crazy, a Lagunitas, a Victory, etc), dollar blue points from CT, and a cheese plate. Everything was delicious. It's also not nearly as pricey as I was expecting - a few drinks each and the food only came to around $30.
Would definitely be interested in going back for dinner and possibly upgrading to 5 stars.My boyfriend, who's in the industry, had been wanting to come here for awhile. It's small, so it's hard to get in. His birthday fell on a Monday so I finally got a reservation (nothing available before 8). It was so worth the wait. While the menu is on the small side, we had a hard time narrowing down which items we'd choose. We ended up ordering the special creamy rutabaga soup, the foie gras Tureen, the mushroom tagliatelle, and the steak. The soup was hearty and had a ton of flavor--plus ham and pickled carrots. The steak was tender and perfectly seasoned and well-cooked. The foie gras had a unique consistency and flavor--more like a hard cream cheese--and was accompanied by salty mini-beignets. The pasta was good, but not quite as flavorful as the other dishes, though it was cooked to perfection. They sent over a venison tartare and my boyfriend could not get enough of it. He's still raving about the flavor of the venison and the accompanying crispy yams, I think they were. Drinks were also inventive and delicious. The staff was super gracious, friendly, and accommodating. It's not cheap, and portions aren't huge, but the food is hearty and delicious so I say splurge on a date, with a girlfriend, or have someone with an expense account take you. It's not a great place for picky eaters--no chicken or burgers on the menu--but def fit for foodies.My boyfriend and I met for dinner after work and had an excellent time. Its a small resturant overall but not too small.  The lighting was done perfectly (dim but not dark) which made for a very relaxing environment. 
The waitress we had was extremely knowledgable on every menu item and also suggested the order of food. She kept a close eye on our table and the dishes were brought out at the right times. We weren't rushed but we also weren't waiting around for our next dish. 
The food overall was great. The flavors, presentation and portion size were excellent for sharing. 
I would highly recommend this resturant for a date or for meeting friends for a drink at the bar! I will be going back!I would give this place a 3.5. The place is beautiful. Great aesthetics. My waitress was pretty terrible, one of the worst ones I have had in a while. The food that we ordered was really great. I will say that I don't eat meat and there were very few selections that did not have some sort of meat ingredient. They were happy to omit these when asked however. I will say that in a city full of great restaurants this one holds its own but beyond that, there is nothing terribly special about this place.We were somehow able to get a reservation for 8 people on a weeknight, and I feel like we took up about half the restaurant.  It's small inside!  But super cute and cozy.
The drink list seems to have some interesting cocktails, but I went with the classic Moscow mule.  It was refreshing and delicious!  
I went with the chef's board (vegetarian option) for my dinner.  It came with some fancy onion rings, a delicious soft cheese, some type of mushroom with nuts salad, and yummy slices of toasted baguette.  The menu here is also small, but they have a good percentage of vegetarian options.  I liked all of my items, but tried some of my friend's brussels sprouts, and those were my favorite thing.  Next time I will definitely order those instead.
The wait and bar staff are great.  The bartender even got up on a ladder to take a better picture of our table.  That deserves a tip.
I believe this was rated as the number 1 restaurant in all of Philadelphia.  It was good, but I'm not sure I'd go quite that far?Normally, cocktails and dessert wouldn't bring me to five-star territory, or even review territory, but my experience at Stateside tonight was just that good. We nabbed two seats at the bar before the restaurant got crowded. Over the next couple hours, free seats were sparse, and people came and went when there was nothing available, with a few that got lucky at the right time.This place never fails...excellent...excellent...excellent...tonight we had the scotch egg...OMG!  Runny center...tasty meat fried perfectly...the sprouts in a fish sauce were just the icing on the cake...then the lamb ribs...hmmm melt in your mouth tenderness...a piece of mine fell on the floor and I have to tell you I seriously thought of invoking the 5 second rule...the cocktails as always were done. Rey professionally...my only complaint is $12 for an old fashion...but I guess that's life in the big city!After a loud evening at the Taylor swift concert, I wanted to unwind somewhere quiet. After passing a few noisy passyunk bars I happed upon stateside, which had only just opened when I used to live in philly. I finally got around to taking a seat at the unique walk up bar. Unfortunately, these awful seats clouded my entire experience. Having settled in and ordered my drink, it was obviously too late to move so I spent the next hour crossing and uncrossing my legs and turning around, and awkwardly swiveling every which way. Luckily my drink was delicious, though to be fair it was a bottled beverage. The service was top notch, even as the night was winding down and I'm sure they were exhausted. I didn't get a chance to try their food, though judging from the prices of the drinks I don't think I would consider.Nice atmosphere. A little pricey. Menu has variety but portions are small. Bartenders are good depending on who you get. Outside benches are uncomfortable and awkward. Passyunk Ave People Watching Station!Hometown bar feel without the bad bar food!
This tiny gem is one of those places you'll always go back to. Inventive and classic cocktails and great small plates (no wings or poppers!) All the dishes are thoughtful, unique and flavorful, whether you're at a table or bellied up to the stone bar. I'd love to see the wine list expanded beyond the "one of each flavor " range. Service was stellar, though, and that makes up for a lot.I was quite disappointed by my dinner at Stateside last month. Obviously I had high hopes, since they'd just won top restaurant in Philly from Philadelphia Magazine (no matter how much flack they got for that list, the #1 had to be at least decent, right?!) - while the food itself was alright, it was nothing to write home about.
We started with some dollar oysters and a bunch of happy hour drinks. The happy hour specials were by far the highlight of the night - we ordered all the remaining oysters (only a dozen left when we arrived at 6) and they were delicious. The drinks were good, but one of my friends noted that their regular prices and selection of some liquors left a little to be desired.
We ordered the large charcuterie plate (had heard great things about it), and nearly every small plate. The waitress pretty much forced us to order something else, which is a pet peeve of mine, so we added the mussel entree. Not one single item was memorable. The food, like I said, was by no means bad. But a group of 4 of us, who eat out quite often in and around Philadelphia, all agreed that we wouldn't return anytime soon.
The service was okay, but extrememly rushed. I understand it's a small place (20 seats or so with a bar), but when we make a 6 pm reservation we expect to stay for an hour and a half or so. It wasn't a cheap meal - about $45 a person all in - and it's not cool to rush us out like they did. Not to mention the diners who were waiting were packed into the place like sardines, even though it was warm enough outside to wait there. We left as quickly as we could because of it, and headed somewhere else for dessert.
Honestly I considered giving Stateside 2 stars, but decided it wasn't fair to downgrade simply based on high expectations. That being said, I wouldn't rush there...there are tons of much better restaurants on the same block that I would recommend well ahead of Stateside.Had a fantastic experience at Stateside on Saturday night.  Had a 9:00 reservation but were not seated until around 9:30 but that was not a bother because everyone was so nice.  We sat at the bar and had great drinks.  Manager apologized and offered us a cheese plate for the delay and it was amazing.  Then, because it is a small place and people were not leaving their tables manager asked one party who was finished to move to a bar table which he set for them and moved us to their dining table.  They were very accommodating.
Every dish was better than the next especially the Foie Gras, Oysters and Bison Tartare.  
Service was great, waitress offered great whiskey suggestions as well.  
All around great experience and I recommend it to anyone.I came to Stateside on a Monday night with a college friend. I love East Passyunk and recommended this spot after reading reviews and wanting to check it out myself.
The place itself is cozy and dark. Maybe a little too dark to read the menu but it fit the atmosphere of the restaurant. 
The food overall though was only A-OK in my opinion. Nothing truly stood out that we tried, and there were 5 of us, so we had quite a few dishes. The plates overrall are on the smaller side, so plan on ordering a few per person. 
I had a few of the whiskey sours to drink, and being a big fan of the egg white addition into my drink and whiskey sours in general, I was a fan. The other folks also seemed to enjoy their drink choices.
I would probably recommend this place to someone going out for a few drinks and a snack or two but that's it.This was a great place to hit for a light meal before going out on the town.  The menu is small, but everything on it sounds delicious (def not a burger and fries place, though) and the drink menu is full of great options. We ordered 4 plates to share and a dessert; it was a perfect amount of food for 2 of us. It's a tapas style place, so don't expect to order one dish and leave full. The food was wonderful except for the dessert.  The service seemed bad at first, but later they had a chance to shine and they really rose to the occasion. Once we had our drinks, it took forever to order; when our server realized this (she noticed without us having to say anything), she apologized and comped our drinks. The dessert we ordered was pretty awful; it was a panna cotta that just tasted wrong. As soon as we let the server know, she offered to take it back, remove it from our bill and asked us if we would like to order a different dessert. We ordered a funnel cake and it was perfect.  Overall, the experience was a good one with good food and good staff. The place is a bit pricy, but we knew that going in and the ingredients they use justify the price.I really loved our dinner at Stateside on Saturday night.  My BIL and his girlfriend were visiting from NYC and we wanted to show off a cool restaurant and neighborhood.  I was a bit worried that we wouldn't be able to get a table, but we arrived at around 7:30 and were seated immediately (a good thing because it started pouring about 2 minutes later!)  
We started with the chef's board and a round of cocktails, which we all enjoyed.  Then we had a sampling of most of the small plates (anything with pork in it, pretty much).  Standouts were the duck rillettes (from the chef's board), the sausage and the brussels sprouts.  As we ate our meal, the restaurant filled in a bit and there was a nice buzz, but it never got too loud.  The waitress was superhelpful as well, suggesting a great substitute for the Zinfandel they were out of.  Just a great experience overall!You're paying for Georgia but getting Delaware.
We ordered drinks before the meal. for $8.50, I expected my average beer to be served in a standard pint glass, not a glorified shot glass.
The food is very good, but unless there's a famine going on, there's no reason for a $17 scallop dinner to be served with just 2 scallops and some edible decor. The $15 beef plate was served with a side of bok choy - a single leaf of bok choy. 
But hey, what do I know. By the time we finished our meals, the place was packed. Our table was a hot commodity and people were staring us down. 
No plans to return.This was one of the worst dining experiences I've had in a while.  To start, it took the bartender 10 minutes to take our drink order (there were maybe 5 other people in the entire restaurant).  From there, we sat for about 15 additional minutes before he was able to make time to take our dinner order. Mind you, it was 5 PM, on a Sunday. He was probably one of the worst bartenders I've ever had, in terms of personality, friendliness, and tentativeness. I asked which oysters were smaller and more briny and he replied with "I hate oysters so I can't help you." Can't you at least make a BS answer up?? I shared oysters and lobster lettuce wraps with a friend, all were terrible and bland. The lettuce wraps were lacking flavor and thrown on a plate and mixed in a tasteless curry sauce. The oysters were probably some of the worst I've had for price.  I'm really disappointed. I've been wanting to check out Stateside for quite some time. We had never wanted to get out of a restaurant so badly. This will definitely be the first and last time I'll ever dine there. What a disappointment.This place has excellent food. My major complaint is that it should be rated $$$ not $$. Reason being that a typical meal recommendation by the server was two to three  small plates (per person) and one large plate plus drinks left us at $180 including tip. Our server was excellent but the wait for drinks from the bar was a bit long (bartender was chatting with people at the bar while we waited). We enjoyed the brussell sprouts, clams, diver scallops, grits and pork belly all of which were perfectly prepared. Wine averaged between 40 and 60 dollars per bottle. We each had one specialty cocktail. I had the Martinez but it was way too strong for me with the gin. I wasn't really a fan. My boyfriend had the South Philly Sangria which was more tasty. The bar has a window in the front that they can open up which was nice to feel the night air while eating.  Overall, I would say we had a great experience here. Just keep in mind, the plates add up and think of it more of a $$$ place rather than a $$!This will be my new neighborhood spot to take visiting family and friends! My husband and I have wanted to try Stateside for a while, and after a long weekend we decided to give it a try last night. Service was helpful, beer list was impressive, and the menu was unique but with a classic twist. I think everyone can find something interesting to them here. 
We ordered the pickle plate (very good for large parties to share), the Rogue blue cheese (serves with honey, bread and an apple- delicious), Parmesan croquettes (like a fancy mozzarella stick, but in a ball and served over a squash salad. Delicious, and the cheese was not lava hot but still creamy and melted completely. The cucumber and yogurt soup (this one was not our favorite, needs just a tad more flavor), pork belly (cooked to perfection, served with bread) and the bone marrow and truffled sausage. I am not the biggest sausage fan, but this was incredible. Perfectly cooked, with just a hint of the bone marrow flavor. 
We had ordered the scallops, and were told that we got the last one of the night. When our main dishes came out, our server approached us and said that the scallops had burned and Chef George did not feel comfortable serving them to us. They offered us anything else on the menu in its place. My husband and I were so completely impressed with that. We would much rather have something else then be served burnt food. We applaud you Chef George, this is how you run a successful restaurant. We got the mussels in place of the scallops and I was infatuated. These were some of the best mussels I have ever eaten. Served in a tomato broth with corn and onions, I couldn't help but dunk my break into the broth just to get more of it. I would probably have taken a spoon to it if I had one.
5 stars, well deserved.Degidio's turn at the helm is fantastic.  I really loved the chicken mousse with the dulce de leche.  It was so unusual and yet delicious.  Isn't that why we all are foodies?  To be surprised yet explore new tastes.  It is rare that a chef can take you there.  I loved the deserts and the Monkey Bread was a must try!Good food and great portions.....if you're a baby. They actually serve many of their dishes in baby food jars. Seriously. The house made duck sausage left much to be desired also. It was cold, and like everything else, VERY tiny.One of the best happy hours in the city (in my opinion). Monday through Friday from 5-7pm you can get dollar oysters, half priced drafts and $5 Old Fashioned.  When they open the windows, get there early for their outdoor bar stools.Just visited Stateside for the first time since Sabatino left. Only words of advice - DON'T BOTHER!!!
I literally just created a Yelp account for the sole purpose of sharing this review. We live in the same neighborhood as Stateside and truly treasured the culinary gem that it has been since opening. I have been dying to take my parents and just did only to find myself embarrassed beyond belief. 
As Melissa R mentioned, portions have shrunk to four-bite proportions and prices have increased.  Throughout dinner we had a view of new executive chef, Elijah Milligan, standing around. Apparently being an executive chef does not entail cooking. 
I am left mystified how a restaurant could deviate so greatly from the reputation it has come to earn. It is as though they are trying to create an entirely new image. Mind you not a great one!Cozy spot, bar partially overlooks passyunk avenue.  Bartenders friendly and attentive.  Nice draft and cocktail list.   Stopped for drink prior to dinner on the avenue, great choice, would go again.Ate here tonight with my wife and our little baby, and felt at ease among the diverse patrons.  A good draft beer list looked great when I learned most were $3 until the 7 PM happy hour ends.  The cheese appetizers were excellent, but the fried homemade goat cheese over sautéed escarole had me feeling giddy.  The scallops were another highlight, and the selection of pickles keeps a steady flow of salt and acid complementing the alcohol.
The old hardwood floors and an inspired use of an expansive window by the front bar   create an organic feeling that this place belongs here, even though I learned the building languished for a long time as a defunct former laundromat.
The service was sincere, and the background jazz worked.  Looking forward to going back for another weeknight early dinner.Review based on bar service alone since we went here for drinks after dinner. We sat at the bar and while the beers on tap we drank were great (Perpetual IPA and a Founders Lager) based on how those bartenders were preparing the mixed drinks I think we missed out! I was super impressed watching the process of making and  measuring countless top shelf mixed drinks. I can't wait to go back another time when the windows are open,  I can sit on one of the barstools outside and try one of those fantastically mixed drinks.Started off on the wrong foot when the hand off between the hostess and waitress left us without service for the first several minutes. But with the right attitude, which they have, I can accept an innocent mistake. 
Service was very good drinks were excellent, doing new things with vodka and Bourbon ( not together). 
The food was truly outstanding. Everything was superior. 
This was a truly enjoyable dining experience on all levels.  
Looks like a converted former bar. Small and intimate with sidewalk tables.
You have to try really hard not to like this place.Great place if you love American bourbon because they have a very huge selection. For brunch, the chicken and waffles is a must get. When you cut the chicken, you would think it'll be hard to cut, but it cuts so smooth like butter and it's extremely juicy when you eat it. The maple syrup has just enough spice to make both the waffles and chicken full of flavor.I really wanted to LOVE this place but this place just didn't live up to my expectations.  
My friend and I ordered the Chef's Board, Steak Tartare, Scallops, Brussel Sprouts, and Short Ribs.  
The New Hampshire cheese on a pear puree was my favorite on the Chef's board.  The rest was not too memorable.  I also really liked the brussel sprouts and scallops.  These were delicious.  Steak tartare was good.  But, I felt that the short rib was under-seasoned.  
Not a bad experience but I was hoping for more.Let me begin this review by saying that I think Stateside has some of the best food in Philadelphia.  Chef George can really do little to nothing wrong.  I have never had a bad meal or dish there and I have been there over a dozen times.  Let me also say that I have never said anything bad about a server or front of house employee as long as I have yelped, but I must say that Stateside has some of the worst servers I have ever run across in a restaurant as good as this.  This place could be so much better if they would just hire some decent staff.  The bartenders are all great, and they have had some good servers in the past.  But I have been there three times in the last month and have been waited on the same girl every time.  She is lack luster, uninformed, miserable, and clearly does not deserve to work in such a fine establishment as this.  I hate to admit it, but she should be fired.  She is simply not cut out to be a server in fine dining.  
Other than my rant on the service, everything about this place is perfect.  I will continue to patronize this restaurant regardless, but the service is what keeps Stateside from earning that 5th star.  Honestly, a monkey could serve Chef George's food and I would be ok with it, but please guys, I'm begging you, re-examine your staff.  Your food is something that servers should get excited about working with.  They should love interacting with your clients because, let's face it, your food requires explanation and passion.  If you had servers that were as passionate about the food as your kitchen staff and chef are, then you would be unstoppable.So happy a good spot like this has opened. More than a gastro-pub, less than a fine dining spot, Stateside is an excellent choice for anyone who loves whiskey, is an adventurous eater, and has some deep pockets. 
As the title implies, the drink are from the bourbon trail, which is a wonderful theme. I got a perfectly made Old Fashioned- wow it was good. 
The food was quite good too. Loved the small and large plates. Loved the items, especially the pork belly and the cheddar cheese plate. The pork belly was so mch more decadent that the bacon-impressionist pork bellies I have had at a few other places. 
Now, there are a few bum notes. Actually, only one. The prices vs.portion-size are all sorts of out of whack. If me and a friend spend $120, we should go home well fed. Just saying. 
And I am pretty sure they know this, as the waiter specifically asked me how I felt about the plate sizes (after I ordered a SECOND cheddar plate.... it simply wasnt enough). 
I am confident that this spot will be one of the best eateries in Passyunk, if not all of Philly, very soon.Monday night is usually a dinner date night for me and Mr.  I wanted something good, but as usual, had no idea what I wanted.  At first we were going to stick with one of our oldies but goods - Alla Spina, Dmitris, Raddichios, N3.  Love them all, but with this non-cooking wife, we've been there and done that soooo many times!  Wanting to try something new, I thumbed through Philly Magazine's most recent Top 50 restaurants and there it was at #1 ... STATESIDE!  A Monday night, senior citizen (5:15 PM) dinner, secured us our choice of table, even with their newfound #1 status.  And just in time for happy hour, double SCORE!
Upon entering , I instantly fell in love w/ the exposed brick and pipe work and the old South Philadelphia (prohibition era) photos ... charming!  Luckily the food and drinks didn't disappoint either.  The bartender made an AMAZING whiskey sour (egg whites and all) ... so nice, that I had to do it twice!  
For our meal we shared the smoked pork rillettes (not at all what I expected, but delicious), pan seared brussel sprouts (not your grandma's brussel sprouts), crispy pork belly and  sausage stuffed chicken breast ... leaving our bellies totally stuffed & satisfied!
The food and drinks were totally 5 star worthy... However, there were so many waitresses hovering in the back and discussing their weekend in far too much detail! The restaurant is just so small that having those sorta discussions in the back is equivalent to telling us about how "effing wasted you were this weekend" while giving us the daily specials!  
I also just read that the head chef is leaving Stateside, which could possibly be a total game changer... See article:  http://philadelphia.grubstreet.com/2013/02/george-sabatino-leaving-stateside.htmlCreative tapas perfect for sharing with a group. I would recommend ordering two per person, or three if you're hungry. Every dish was good, but the lamb deserves a special shout out for those that love rich flavors, and the pallet cleanser was a pretzel bite with one of the top 3 mustards of all time. 
The bar has large windows so that you can sit outside if it's warm. 
I loved our waitress! She seemed like she was having a great time waiting on us, and she was absolutely on point for delivering and taking away dishes and drinks. She showed up exactly when we wanted to see her, and made us laugh over the loud Saturday night buzz.Just goes to show you Phila Magazine is total bullshit.  We had a shaved fennel salad which was loaded with salt, it was hard to swallow.  If you can't make a salad, what is the rest of the food like.  We were then served a place of average scallops that were raw in the middle.  It's amazing with food like this, the restaurant was absolutely packed.The food and the service were excellent, but I honestly couldn't get over the sticker shock of a meal for three being well over $250 at a tapas joint. The calamari was fantastic and we were happy with everything we ordered. But with each little plate priced nearly at entree level, it adds up fast. I'd definitely go for drinks and appetizers or something, but probably not for a full meal again unless I'm not planning to bring my appetite.I get it... Tapas, cool. 
And the name, stateside = all America stuff, neat. 
Man up, serve scotch & Real plates.
Silly specialty drinks. 
What I ate wasn't that good anyway.Creative for sure. An assortment of tapas on the menu. Service was friendly. Tried many different items...food was good, but not up to the hype. Will def. give it another try.www.saintluciferspice.com
"For the Glory of Hot"
Philadelphia's number one table condiment.
Stateside is great.  Love the vibe here.I've debated reviewing Stateside for awhile now.  I left after having one of the best meals I've had in a really long time and simply didn't want to share my new (secret?) spot.  Obviously the cats out of the bag now but still a part of me wants to keep my ravings to myself.
But alas...my wife and I visited a month ago and arrived around 9:00.  The restaurant was packed but after a short 15 minute wait we snagged a spot at the bar.  There's probably seats for maybe 20 people at tables and another dozen at the bar.  So definitely plan on a wait or get there early.  They will take your name and number so you can cross the street for a drink or two if its too packed.  Good problems for them to have right?  
The atmosphere is great, the service was friendly, and I wish I could eat here every week.  We had the Smoked Trout Salad, Crispy Maple Glazed Pork Belly, and the Duck Sausage.  All were absolutely amazing, and as I said, one of the best meals I've had in recent memory.  We also sampled the VT blue cheese with smoked bacon caramel that was out of this world.   And the cocktails...fan-f'n-tastic.  
I'm heading back to Philadelphia this weekend and think I've talked (written is more like it) myself into visiting again.  Simply superb.I ordered the pork belly and was given 4 of the smallest fattiest portions of a lifetime.You could have put the edible pork in a thimble.The others in my party of 4 ordered risotto,a meager portion of rice was passed off as a meal.A big disappointment doesn't begin to describe this overpriced place.We will not be going back.The owners of Green Eggs have once again hit a homerun. Stateside is a great addition to the Philly restaurant scene and is my favorite restaurant of the moment. The Passayunk Square/Italian Market area was in need of something like this...a casual, yet refined restaurant with a decent whisky and craft beer selection, amazing cocktails and quality dishes reminiscent of higher-end establishments, all served by an extremely polite and attentive staff. For the quality and presentation of the food, prices are pretty reasonable, too. Here are the must-try items, which are all Ahhhhh-mazing!!
-Hot buttery rye- this is THE PERFECT winter cocktail
-Pork belly
-Fois gras
-Sunchoke soup with lobster
-Beef cheek
-Broccolini
-Scallops
If there's anything they could improve on, it's the desserts and happy hour.
The desserts aren't bad, but they could use a little oomph.The happy hour features oysters, and although I've tried to like oysters throughout the years, it seems I am just physically unable to like them. I wish they would feature some other snacks for the non-oyster eaters.Rachel is absolutely AMAZING!!!!  The shrimp dumpling was delicious.  Bourbon selection is great.  Back to Rachel...she's very knowledgeable about the drinks offered and about Philly in general.  She was a great resource for this tourist and super welcoming as well.
My only negative is that you got five small dumplings for the expense, but totally worth the flavor.This is a special place with a nice vibe.  Be prepared to spend a little, especially if you are hungry.  Not a place for a hearty meal, but definitely a place for a tasty meal.  
Because it is so small, it is tough to get in at a peak time without a wait, but the nice thing is that you can leave your cell phone number and they will call you when a table is available.  This means that you can take a stroll to any number of spots along the Passyunk corridor while you wait for your call. 
Everything I tasted was good: bone marrow sausage, pork belly, ice cream sandwich, vanilla donut (not that exciting but good), charred brocollini (wonderful), cauliflower (amazing), croquettes (very unique taste).
My fiancee is a fan of Campari, and of course with the exclusive American theme, they didn't have it -- however, they had something homemade in the spirit of Campari that was delicious.  It's nice that they try to accommodate unique tastes with some unique interpretations. 
Another quality addition to the Avenue.Stateside recently was awarded the number one spot in Philadelphia Magazine's Top 50 Restaurants ranking, and we  made reservations over a month in advance to see what the buzz was about. All I can tell you is what a complete and total disappointment. Out of curiosity, I had gone on their website the day of our reservation which was 3/16/13, to look over the menu. It looked promising. They made themselves out to be a whisky bar with an impressive selection of bourbon and rye, which they have. The first disappointment came when I asked the bartender for a recommendation, and he told me he had only had first hand knowledge of a few of what they carried. He did make a recommendation, and it was good, but one would expect a little more expertise in the area they are touting. When the rest of our party showed up, we sat down, and were given a 4" x 10" single sheet of paper with a total of maybe 8 items on it. We asked where was the menu we saw online, and were told that the chef had left, and they had a new chef, and this was his menu. We were also told that they were tapas sized to be shared.  We placed a drink order, and since had a party of 5 we ordered everything on the menu except for the soup. We even doubled up on the duck, and oysters. What was sent out was the most ludicrously tiny portions I had ever seen. The aforementioned duck ($15.00) was approximately one quarter of one half of a duck breast, for a total of three minuscule slices. The beet dish was even more laughable at $9.00. It was literally one half of a radish sized beet in an oversized bowl. After 20 minuets and no drinks, I looked over and saw that the bar had exactly 3 people sitting there and two bartenders. We grabbed our waitress, and asked about our drinks, and her reply was that it was up to the bartenders. No apology, no "let me check on that" just some smug comment that set me on edge. The food, what little of it there was, was good, but what a complete and total rip off. Between our bar tab and food we were over $320.00 into this meal and all felt robbed. When asked, some of our table neighbors shared the same opinion. One even said this place sucks. I walked over to our waitress and asked if an owner or manager was in. She said no owner, but the manager was there. I asked to speak with him, and she just stared at me with a deer in the headlights look, and then stated, without even checking, that he was busy. I asked "too busy to speak with a customer" and was told yes. I walked back to my table really pissed off, when all of the sudden one of the bartenders appears and claims to be the manager. When we told him about our experience, he said there was nothing he could do since we had already paid. He just threw his business card on the table and said to call him next time we come in. What a fool. Did he really think there would ever be a next time?
We were all still so hungry that we walked down the street to Birra, and had an order of mussels, and two pizzas. Our bill there was $50.00 with drinks. The owner sat and talked with us, and what a difference. He was a guy that cared about his customers, and what they thought!  
I am not one to complain, but I feel it is my responsibility to let others know what is going on at Stateside. Avoid it!!!It's easy to get sucked in to this place.  I just wanted to check the place out for a drink, and before I knew it I had stayed for more than two hours.  The setting was upscale but unpretentious.  Alone, I was able to strike up friendly conversations at the bar (this is far from a pick-up-joint, however).
I got comfortable at the bar with a Big Eye IPA.  The rest of their beer list is just as great.  After watching plate after plate whizzing by for the first 20 minutes, I decided to try two of the cheeses.  A cheddar from Lancaster was out-of-this-world, and the blue , from VT, was milder than I typically like but still very good.  The portions and prices for the cheese were very fair.   In fact, I would say the portions were bigger than some comparable plates I've had recently at Vintage, Tria, and Talula's Garden.
While I downed my second beer, I checked out the wine list.  I wouldn't call it extensive, but it seems to be carefully selected and very reasonable (nearly every selection was $6 or $7 per glass).  One particular red, the Firesteed Pinot Noir from Oregon, I had tried only a week earlier at Vintage, and it was excellent.  I'm pretty sure it was $11 per glass at Vintage, so at $7 a glass at Stateside, I'd say the prices are more than fair.  It's also only $35 per bottle, so it would be a suitable companion to dinner.
After talking to the bartender for a while about lots of the menu items (she was warm and friendly, by the way), I decided to try the duck sausage and brussel sprouts.  Both were amazing--I don't even know where to start.  I'll just say that I'll order them during every future visit.
The bartender and I also talked about some of the cocktails, which seemed to be prepared with the same care and preparation as everything on the food menu.
On future visits, I look forward to trying some of the cocktails, as well as some of the large plates.
I'm excited to have this place in my neighborhood, whether for a drink or a full meal.  You won't be disappointed, either, if you decide to take it for a spin.Probably the best gastropub in town, to be honest. It is thrilling to be here. I loved every moment of my meal here. And the mint chocolate dessert? Incredibly, and intimately, delicious.So I'm wandering Passyunk Ave checking out the scene and I pop into Stateside.  I did what one of the servers called the "Stateside Double Take."  I thought I'd been caught in one of those Star Trek transporter beams and zapped over to Rittenhouse Square!  This place doesn't look like it belongs on Passyunk Ave.  It's a tiny, beautifully appointed contemporary space. It's immediately apparent that you won't be ordering a cheese steak wit.
I stopped by just to have a drink as I was heading for another event.  As I sipped on premium vodka from California I perused the menus.  It was clear that this place focuses on small plates.  The choices looked delicious and the friendly bartender answered all my questions.  I had and opportunity to see some of the food served to other patrons and it was beautifully plated. 
My limited visit for just a drink was a pleasure.  I've bookmarked this place and plan to bring the lovely wife for what I expect will be a memorable dinner.Stateside really fills a void in South Philly food, upscale american fare in the land of mexican and italian restaurants? Who knew.
Buck a shuck happy hour oyster, a cheap cheese plate, and a great duck terrine.
I was impressed with the beer list and the fact you can get a beer for $2-$4 dollars during happy hour. Best Happy Hour on Passyunk, it goes from 5-7pm.I am very sad to report a three star experience at Stateside.  I have wanted to go to Stateside for at least 6 months, and finally, a group of 5 of us went a few Fridays ago for a birthday.  
We couldn't get in until 9:30, which was fine, we were excited to get in at all on relatively short notice.  We arrived and saw why.  The place is teeny tiny.  And adorable.  LOVE the space.  Brick wall, very dark, definitely my kind of atmosphere.  We were sat immediately and settled in.  
One of the people in our party had been pumped about the Bourbon menu.  He chose an unusual one, and was disappointed to hear that both his first and second choice were unavailable.  He chose something a little more standard, but felt a bit tricked by the long list of Bourbons that may not really exist.  
Because there were 5 of us, we chose many things to share and were able to taste about 80% of the menu... to be honest, I only remember a few things that we ordered (brussel sprouts, chef's board, scallops, steak tartar) because everything was just fine.  Nothing was GREAT, nothing was bad.  Everything was just OK.  But Stateside does not give OK portions, nor do they have OK prices, so their food needs to be much better than that for me to feel anything other than "OK" about the experience.  
One thing I will say, the chef's board was a terrible deal.  For $20+ it was 2-3 SMALL croquettes, a 1inch by 1inch block of cheese, and 2-3 other small items.  I would say it was barely enough for 2 people to each get a bite, much less a chef's board for the table.  Would definitely not get that again.I went to Stateside the other night in a party of four, which was definitely the most people I'd go to this place with. We sort of stumbled across it while looking for a new and good place to eat in the area and were intrigued by the decor. It is VERY cool inside! The bar and deco all looks cozy and interesting and just really inviting. It's very small inside though so I wouldn't go with a big group or if it was too packed. 
On to the food...
It was all very tasty and I definitely recommend getting a bunch of different plates to share with the table. The portions are all plated to share and very delicious. There are three different "sizes" of plates, and they are all very small. Even the biggest portions, which are the entree sized plates, are really not a lot of food. We were shocked when our waiter advised us to order 2-3 plates per person, but he probably was right. We only ended up ordering 1-2 plates a person and it was definitely not enough food, bu still very expensive. 
I would recommend this place more for a happy hour or appetizer kind of situation, not if you're looking to fill up on a real full meal. 
Overall the drink selection was good, the food was delicious (aside from the meats all being a bit fatty) and the atmosphere is really nice... BUT it's really pretty expensive for what it is, and dont expect to leave stuffed! Which could be a good thing...Ok the service was really good Steve was great. The food was a little over priced for the portions. I ordered the St. Louis ribs $12 I got two pieces all bone at least give four pieces the slack of ribs only cost $24 at the supermarket. The short rib arancini $12 needs some love it has no flavor and poor Steve recommended this dish to us. The grilled chicken wings was good, but not oh my god tho. It cost $11 for seven wings. Now the grilled octopus $14 was good. I didn't mind spending money on that, I got two orders. The Dessert ahaha.....it was a size of the dollar coin and not that great neither. The soup plate was way to big for the dessert lol. The oysters was good, fresh, clean and they was on happy hour for a $1 each the drinks was good and on happy hour 5-7pm Old fashion $5, wine...red or white $5 and half off beers. This was my first time here most likely my last. Cute bar tho!!We went last night for some light food and a few drinks. The happy hour specials make it a great spot to have a couple beers or glasses of wine. The dollar oysters were also awesome. Overall the dishes were really good and the ambiance makes it a place worth hanging out. The staff were nice and very attentive, aside from waiting on our check.Service just lovely
Pretty much small plates 
Very tasty
Good bar
Only American booze
Would go backWent opening night, love the area, love the spot. Great design with the big windows opening to the square, the pics of 30s americana on the walls, and the industrialish vibe. Had the rabbit rilletes, house smoked trout, charred broccolini, and the steamed littleneck clams. Loved the broccolini, thought everything else was great. The clams reminded me of a similar dish at koozeedoo but better, the trout salad was perfectly dressed and the subtle incorporation of trout was just the right note (the gf thought there should be more). The rabbit rilletes was really good, but paled compared to the other dishes. I thought everything besides the broccolini had a touch too much salt, but that's being a bit picky.
Not sure about the bar design, the space is small/intimate and having 2 deep crowds at the bar brings down the vibe a bit. There's a nice draft beer list that's very well priced. I'd probably give this 4.5 stars if I could, but it's close enough to 5 to be deserving.After walking around the South Philly to see the impressive holiday lights, we did a quick check on OpenTable for available reservations nearby. When we saw Stateside was open, we snagged it, gleeful after having heard rave reviews. Once we were sitting down, I checked Yelp...only 3.5 stars as evidently management has changed over a couple times since the original excitement about Stateside. And that is why you check Yelp BEFORE you sit down. 
But since we were seated, we had committed to staying. Our server recommended 2 little dishes and a big dish per person, but we opted for 1 little and 1 big each and were completely full. The seafood dishes were just OK...the Scallops were camouflaged to look like the accompanying gnocchi, but we estimated we only got 4 skinny, oversalted scallops in the dish. The Branzino was definitely overcooked, including the skin that was beyond crispy. The Octopus was decent, although a little chewy. My favorite dish of the night, the only non-seafood dish we tried, was Foie Gras Mousse, which had a nice balance of flavors and textures.Had a really great meal here. Only four stars because service was a little slow at the end of the meal. However the food was amazing! Ordered oysters for happy hour and the mignonette sauce was SO good. They were really refreshing and would recommend again (especially at $1 each for happy hour!!). The charcuterie plate was a little disappointing since it had two pate type items on it out of three meats. The bacon pate was great, but the liver mousse was just ok. Wished the liver could have been subbed out for another sliced meat. The agnolotti was very good, maybe the best dish we ordered. Can't wait to come back in warm weather and do outside seating at the bar.A bit disappointing as the menu on the web site was dramatically different (and much more limited) than the menu presented to us when we arrived.  Food was not terrible, but just ok.On Oscars Sunday Night, 6 of my friends and I decided to dine at Stateside for East Passyunk Restaurant Week. Except for one person, we had never dined at Stateside before, but the Yelp reviews and the online menu looked promising; therefore, we decided to give it a shot. Upon arrival, the friendly wait staff informed us that our table is ready and seated us immediately. Perusing the cocktail menu, we opted for an assortment of different aperitifs while waiting for the wait staff to take our dining choice orders. Because it was Restaurant Week, the menu was prix fix consisting of an appetizer, a main course and a dessert. After we placed our order, we were puzzled that we each had a bread plate as a part of our table setting, yet we were never offered any bread. We assumed it was an oversight and continued to enjoy our well-made cocktails. Shortly, the appetizers arrived and we began our dining experience in earnest. Three members of our party ordered the shrimp choke flower soup and commented that bread would be a nice accompaniment; therefore, I finally asked for what we assumed was the overlooked bread and received a paltry six inches thinly sliced baguette. The appetizers were an appropriate portion, but it was the measly portion of the octopus cassoulet main course ( one half of a tentacle and beans) that began my dissatisfaction with the meal. I admittedly didn't have the octopus, I opted for the pork tenderloin, which despite being served on the rare side, was tough and chewy. It was on the smaller side of dinner portions, but a lot more acceptable than the octopus. Needless to say, three members of our party left the restaurant hungry, and four could have enjoyed a little more food, especially when each is paying $66:00 for dinner in South Philadelphia. A dining experience should never include the statement "perhaps a stopover at a fast food restaurant is a good choice before returning home and watching The Oscars." I am all about the fine dining experience, but I definitely can't say this was a satisfactory dinner, not when half the party returns home hungry. To add insult to the whole thing, remember the paltry six inches of thinly sliced bread? There was an up charge of  $2:00 on the total bill. I imagine we would have been hungrier had I not asked for the assumed forgotten loaf.4 stars for the food, 1 off for the service. Our waitress was just surly and seemed to be annoyed any time we would ask a question. She also failed to tell us the special and that they were out of mussels (until we went to order the mussels and she said, "oh, yeah, we're out of those. sorry."). We asked for bread at some point and we got a slice baguette with nothing to go on it, so we asked for olive oil and she seemed quite annoyed. We were charged for the bread (the menu says additional bread $$, but we didn't think we would be charged for the first batch). We had the beet salad, which was only OK - nothing special. The cauliflower was INCREDIBLE. The best cauliflower I've ever had!!! We also got the clams with chorizo. The flavors of the broth and chorizo were fantastic. The clams themselves were only ok, but the flavors made up for it. Overall, it was a good meal. I'm not sure if we would go out of our way to go there again unless we were in the area, but I enjoyed the atmosphere and the flavors.