Nothing like getting off a 5 hour flight and rushing to get there before they close only to see they decide arbitrarily to close before 11:30. Update your hours or maybe just do your jobs.Me and my work partner were looking a good cheese steak so we picked up 2 cheesesteaks wit and were very disappointed. The cheese was about the same consistency  as the grease laying in the fold of the Steak when I opened the roll.While the meat was tender it lacked flavor along with the sparse amount of fried onions that made me question whether I ordered any at all.In a sentence, don't waste your time.
We were advised of Steve's by the bellman at our hotel and were happy to walk just a few blocks to get there. That happiness was short lived. 
The attitude of the gal taking our order was neither inviting or even cordiale. Bordering on rude. It summed up pretty much the entire vibe.
The ordering "process" was a mess as well. You order sandwiches at one window, pay get your receipt and go to the next line to order drinks and fries etc... Then you have to wait for them to call you twice. Not user friendly at all.
The food was way overpriced and just blah. Compared to Sonny's where I ate the day before. Steak was like Steakums! Ugh! 
So, talk a nice walk or drive to Sonny's....or any other place than this. You'll get better service, MUCH better food and save almost half of your money.This place is great! Down to the fact that they're open late and centrally located and they have something for everyone. Chicken Philly and original and fries!
If you don't know how to order they''ll help you too!
This was one of the highlights of the trip!!!Avoid this place
  unless you have $100 to tip them!! This was my  first time in Philadelphia and really wanted to try the infamous Philly steak sandwich that I have heard about all these years. After asking the locals and yelping several places. I decided on this place. It was memorial day so I expected it   to be busy and it was.  There was a line out the door.  I was waiting patiently with my family and the line was moving rather slowly. I noticed this young guy walk in with his freind and first thing out of his mouth is " is this the line your kidding me" he then procedes to go the front of the line   and starts to talk one of the employees. He then asks his friend if he has $100 which I thought was odd. Then I noticed the guy was in standing in front of the chefs window motioning with hand signals what he wanted or did not want on his sandwiches. I thought that was odd, only to find out later. He had bribed the kitchen with his $100  to make his order first in front of all the other waiting customers. Naturally I was upset. So that's what this country has come to, if you have money you can cut in line to the front of normal hard working people. After waiting an hour I finally got my food. What a disappointment. I'm not sure what was worse,  the food or the customer service. This is a Philly memorial day experience that I will never forget.First time having a cheesesteak in Philly. 
Spicy fries were crisp and tasty. 9/10
I had a cheese steak with fried onions and mozzarella. It was not bad. Bread was fresh. 7/10Say what you will about the Philly cheesesteak debate, but Steve's is my favorite. The rolls are fresh, the meat is thinly sliced (which I prefer), the staff is pleasant and the prices are decent for the area. Best of all, there's little to no wait. They're quick and simple. A must visit for cheesesteak lovers and locals all around.Our first time in Philadelphia we were looking forward to trying a cheesesteak. Someone had recommended Steve's to us. It was a quick walk from the hotel so that was perfect.  The cheesesteak on the other hand was absolutely horrible...no flavor, chewy meat, and hardly any meat in sandwich.  If I could give it no stars I would.  The fries were good but you can't really mess those up.  Such a disappointment.  I never have posted a review before but this was so bad that I felt I had to.  Hope we can find a great cheesesteak while we are here!Expensive for one.
Charges you extra for mushroom!!!! Mushroom and peppers are essentials of the cheese steak..
However, chicken chese steak and the philly cheese steak are both under expectations and actually i had to throw out half of both cause they tasted very bad..The staff was rude. They were absent-minded.  Forgot our fries, and screamed at us in front of customers.  I was embarrassed and nervous to eat my steak, in fear that one of the waitstaff may have sabotaged my meal. I can not come here again. I guess this is my "welcome to Philly" experience.Since I was primarily staying near the Parkway Museums District of Center City, it would've been a bit inconvenient to head down to South Philly just to wait in line for Pat's, Geno's, or Tony Luke's. My colleague consulted Google, and on Alan Richman's list of 10 Best Cheesesteaks in Philadelphia, Steve's was listed at #6, and we stopped in at their location on 16th and Market. Thinner but soft, buttery roll, meat grilled flat, sliced thick and not served chopped up, very tender. I got mine "American with" (house special: white American cheese in liquid form). Came back once before the end of my trip to try the Whiz and Provolone variations. Yum! We also got the spicy fries to share, which were excellent! Not sure if I like how you order steaks at one window and drinks/sides at another, cash only.Great cheesesteaks here ... probably my favorite in philly by bar...very nice friendly service, nice size cheesesteaks...drinks have free refills...cheesesteak and drink will cost you about $10-11 dollars...they take cash or debit cards...definately come here when your in philly!I liked this spot! Cool neon signs, super friendly and fun workers who let me and my boyfriend try the American and whizz cheses before making any commitments, and the pots of help yourself condiments are really fun. I'm used to NYC so I guess the prices didn't seem as steep in comparison as other comments suggest.The cheesesteak had good flavor with whiz and onions but the steak was just a little tough. Loved the pickles and fries were good.Prices are just the same as any other cheesesteak place. There was a good amount of extra toppings/sides for free, and plenty of seating. Pretty clean too.
The cheesesteak (wiz/with) or with cheese wiz and onions was pretty decent, and bread was pretty decent as well. But I wish they packed it and wrapped it a little better where it wouldn't fall apart. 
Overall, pretty good place if I had to eat cheesesteaks based off my location.Better than Pat's or Geno's by a long shot. In addition to having a better product (i.e. Meat that hasn't been overcooked and hacked into a million tiny pieces), there's also a degree of patience (at least at lunch time) that the more famous cheese steak places lack. Oh, and the location is also much more convenient. Hard to argue against a more convenient, better tasting cheesesteak served to you by more courteous servers...I came to Philly. I wanted a cheese-steak. A local told me to go here instead of the "other 2". I got some thinly sliced steak on a hoagie type bun with cheeze-whiz on it. I wasn't happy but I looked online and apparently that's what the famous sandwich is supposed to be. So to be fair: 
I think the bread was great and fresh. The meat was ok but there was very little, so the sandwich was like 90% bread. 
I'm sure a lot of tourists buy this so it probably doesn't matter what I think in this case.The cheesesteaks here are good. They have an American cheese sauce that you can order on your cheesesteak and/or fries and it is amazing. The service is decent and my order is always fast. Can't complain about this place.Good cheesesteaks to snag after a night out on the town.  Mushrooms, peppers and cheese whiz. 
Downside was the are cash only.  
Service was fairly quick and there was a steady flow of people with a line around 2am.Great philly style sandwiches. Everything made right in front of you. Vege alternatives available. Also burgers and fries.Are you drunk and needing a late night to fill your maw with greasy cheesy satisfaction?  Well you have come to the right place!    
You will most likely wake up smelling like onions and cheap meat and gag as you try and wash the same from your body but its ok, that pizza steak wiz wit that you ate half of was just what you needed after 4 martinis and 5 beers.
All kidding aside, the steaks here just arent amazing.  Phillips is more my speed when I am cravingStarting our weekend off in Philly, my husband and I stopped in here for our first cheesesteak. The staff was friendly and must have known we were from out of town. They helped us out in what to try. We both had a "whiz wit" which is their cheesesteak with cheese whiz and onions. They were very good and we were pleased. The meat is thin sliced which was new to us both. I also liked their little toppings bar which featured hot sauce, peppers and these great pickles which were sliced super thin. Great start to our trip. Thanks!My favorite cheesesteaks in Philly. I go here every Friday or Saturday after the bars. Open until 3AM on Friday and Saturday with a line out the door for a reason.At best, it's a take out with harsh fluorescent lights... really, the cheesesteak is really light on the meat, and not cheap. Lots of bread, not much else :( Won't go back.pretty solid cheesesteak. I wouldn't say they taste like a traditional cheesesteak, they have a little bit more of an oregano seasoning on the roll itself. I kind of liked it though. The rolks were also a little bit different than ones you would get at Jim's, Pat's, or Gino's. The line was a heck of a lot shorter then Jim's though, which is my favorite.If you are hungry late night, this place will do the trick. If you are from out of town, don't go here for the Philly Cheesesteak experience. There are many better.  I suggest you pay the extra bucks and ask for double meat or you will be eating more bread than anything, which isn't all that bad, because the roll was perfect. Thin sliced steak instead of chopped threw me off, but it was made right in front of me and very good quality meat. Topped with mushrooms and fried onions and I had no complaints. In and out in less than 10 minutes.Many better options around to meet your cheesesteak cravings and some of those places don't even specialize in just cheesesteaks. Cleaver's, Bubby's Brisket, and any of the food carts do a better cheesesteak and offer better value. It's definitely a Philly atmosphere in the place but that in and of itself wouldn't justify the price and "experience."
- Meat is dry and tough
- Wiz is tasteless and thin
- Meat to roll ratio is unbalancedHands down the best Philly Cheesesteak I ever had the pleasuring of devouring. I visited Philly for the first time and had 3 different ones at the top 3 best known cheesesteak spots. Steve takes the crown. 
*** Recommendations:
Get your wit with the whizGood steaks. Fast service. Typical Philly style steak shop. Check it out! Theres a few locations. I went to both this one and the one in Center City. Was too cold to make the trek to Pats, but this definately sufficed.This pace Totally does not disappoint.  I totally want to come back before leaving. I got the simple prince cheesesteak with whiz (some kind of cheese whiz mix of American cheeses). It's so greasy and delicious and itss must.  Hope to try some of the other cheese steak sandwiches tonightI've been to a lot of cheesesteak places in Philadelphia and I really enjoyed Steve's. The staff here was by far the nicest Philadelphia staff I've ever encountered, especially in the Cheesesteak business. The steak was smothered in cheese, which I love! Everything was tasty. They even had seating available indoors. I really enjoyed my time here.Perhaps Philadelphia's most iconic food is the cheesesteak and Steve's cooks up a good one.  I'm not saying it's the best one in Philly .... but it's very good.  The meat is thicker here and very lean.  They have different peppers you can add to it to give a little bite.  Of course they have onions (....just a few more fried onions on my steak please!)  and four different kind of cheeses (although for two of the cheeses you pay extra.)
Anyway, I'd def have a cheesesteak from here again ... especially as Steve's now has a branch in Center City.One of the better cheesesteaks in Philly, I think. Soft bread, great slices of meat (not super chopped), wit whiz, and plenty of options for condiments. My personal faves that I cannot do without - the red plump peppers, ketchup, and banana peppers. I'm a little sad that this place replaced the Krispy Kreme, but am consoled by the fact that they serve a cheesesteak that Philly wouldn't frown at.This is a rubbish cheesesteak. My standards for cheesesteaks aren't even that high, but this is an embarrassing offering for a place that specializes in cheesesteaks.
Couple thin slices of steak with onions and wiz on a pretty good roll. But it's really, really thin. I added a ton of black pepper and yellow peppers to make it passable, but in general, massive disappointment. 
The picture that someone posted that says "$9 for this?" really says it all. You're honestly better off going to a food cart.I would definitely call myself a cheesesteak Pioneer and Steve's Prince of steaks most definitely has the best sandwichMy personal favorite cheeseteak in Philadelphia. Also the spicy fries kick a good bit of ass. Please go here.Big cheesesteaks that hit the spot but not the best I've had.
Double meat with onions and whiz is the way to go.
Ordering system is kinda weird, 2 different windows...one for sandwiches and one for fries and drinks. 
Do NOT order spicy fries...you will regret it.
There is nothing special about them, it's just regular fries with powdered spices that are just too overwhelming.
Nothing else to report.Highly disappointed!!! My driver was taking us back to hotel after making our draft picks.. I suggested another spot but he recommend this place.. Got back to my room, after two bites and trying to make it work.. god awful...If I could give zero stars I would. This is the second time we have tried to come here and it's been closed. Very inconvenient during our trips to Philly.DO NOT GO HERE AFTER 12am. I was here, paid with a credit card and when asked where my food was I was forced to leave. This establishment is awful, I spoke to Kyle and he did nothing to handle the situation. Will not be returning. Pats, Genos, Jims all great establishments with better customer service. Steve's used to top my list but not anymore due to their lack of interest in their customer's experience.First time in Philly & had to have a cheesesteak. Local recommended this place, so we gave it a shot. For being there at 3pm on a Sunday & only two people in line in front of us, it was a long wait...about 15 minutes before they took our order. But that was mostly due to people interrupting the line to ask where their order was & that something was wrong with their order. However, it only took 5 minutes or so to get our food & it was good. Not the mouthwatering, crave, dream about, "Philly" cheesesteak I had imagined, but at least hot, gooey & good.Good cheesesteaks to snag after a night out on the town.  Mushrooms, peppers and cheese whiz. 
Downside was they are cash only.  
Service was fairly quick and there was a steady flow of people with a line around 2am.Oh, do you have an opinion on cheesesteak establishments in Philadelpha?
GFY...
Steve's (on 16th) was literally on the way back to the hotel from a Shitty old man bar, so that's where we stopped.
Being half-in-the-bag makes you hangry and a steak 'wit' , topped with mushrooms, hot peppers, and cayenne pepper sauce
Really
Hits 
The
Spot.
Interestingly, they don't serve any cheese other than American and Wiz after 11PM. Apparently drunk ordering gets too confusing for the orderer, as well as the orderee.This place here is BY FAR A BEST KEPT SECRET !!!!  The steak sandwiches are made from real streak and sooo sooo tasty!!!!  I recommend this place as a MUST GO TO!!!!!I'm one of those people sucked in by articles about THE BEST CAESAR SALAD IN AMERICA. There are local cheesesteak experts who can provide deeper insight, but I speak as a tourist who likes Center City, doesn't have a car and tries to fit in too many food outing. Steve's isn't on the all-time-best lists but it merits an upgrade for its convenience and consistency. The meat here is an ensemble player more than a superstar, especially if you get the regular-size sandwich, but repeat visits have given me more appreciation for the way the cheese, bread, meat drippings and free peppers collaborate for an enticing taste and texture.Love their steaks. Saw Jesse McCartney here a few weeks ago, too. Didn't care about that much, but the steaks are goodLoved it recommended.  Best thing on sliced bread.  Cheese steak great.  Cheese fries good too.  Fast and affordable.  Git  u some.Prince of Steaks? I don't get it. There are places in Phily that serve a decent cheese steak, Steve ' s Prince of Steaks is  not one of them. 4 or 5 thin slices of greasy, tough, and tasteless beef, slimey ( and not in a good way) cheap american cheese and nasty but sparse onions. The roll was the best part but the sandwich was all bread. 
I wish Uncle Sam's subs was here from Pittsburgh to show yinz how it's done. No disrespect to the employees, they were sassy but swell but you can't serve good food if the cheap owners purchase low grade ingredients. 
And I thought Pats and Ginos were crap. Now i know they are as crap as this place. Go to Tony Luke's or John's instead.I was hungry going in & the wiz wit' mushrooms hit the spot.  First time in Philly and trying the different Cheesesteak spots around town.  There's places that have better quality steaks, but you'll be paying more $ than at the more reasonably priced Steve's.  I found Steve's & Geno's about equal in taste & value. Steve's & Geno's I'd call the McDonald's of steaks in the City.  That's not a knock, just means they're satisfactory & adequate, if not amazing.I don't really understand the hype here. I came with my friend and we got cheesesteaks, but I was not impressed at all. Firstly, there wasn't much steak in the cheesesteak, and I want my meat for the $9 I'm paying for this -- definitely overpriced. Secondly, the bread wasn't even that great...it was just pretty normal bread that you could find anywhere. Maybe I was just too excited about this place, but eating here made me sad because of the money I felt that I wasted here.The place is supposed to be a good cheesesteak spot. They were out of all chicken, mozzarella , and provolone. What kind of prince is Steve if he don't have cheese to put on cheese steaks? While in line two people got in a fight, a drunk chick tried to cut everyone multiple times, and there was a good fight. This place is like a worse version of five guys but with cheese steaks.I don't know about this being the best in the city.  It's clearly not.  $10 for a piece of bread and 2 super thin slices of steak (if I held it up I think I could see my friend sitting across from me).  My friend ordered the pizza roll and it came out still frozen in the middle.  And the fries tasted store bought. 
I've been to their Bustleton location, so they know better.
Pat's and Geno's are the Pantheon compared to this overpriced, prefrozen mess. Stick with Steam-umms instead.Meh. The reason this place does okay is it location. You will notice that it's quite accessible to hotel-goers & corporate out of towners visiting philadelphia in search of our legendary cheesesteak. The thing these folks don't realize is that you can get a good cheese steak virtually anywhere in the city. And I would guess that 80 percent of them are better than what you find here. The main problem with the steaks, as most people have pointed out, is the way the meat is prepared. They're made here as little pre-cooked meat blobs that are waiting for people to order so that they can be quickly assembled for said, drunken out-of-towner to devour and then promptly up chuck all over the (hopefully 100%) female escort he found on Craigslist waiting back in his room. 
The problem with this is that the steak is not made to order so the meat toughens up and loses flavor as it sits in that little puddle.  It makes it easier to be ready quicker however, as others rightly point out, the meat should be chopped up in smaller pieces prior to assembling. 
So sally forth, courageous travelers, on your vomitous escapades; eat cheesesteaks & multiply. But whatever you do, never order one 'wit'; we locals know what that really means.I was on a mission to try as many cheesesteak joints as I could in Philly. A friend recommend Steves....great disappointment. Reminds me a lot of Genos without the popularity. The steak was thick and chewy, lack of whiz and the bread was nothing special. It tasted okay...but we are in a city full of amazing cheesesteaks so don't waste your time. The only plus is that there was no line... obviously the locals don't bother with this chain.where's the beef!!  First time in Philadelphia, we asked someone on street for the best cheese steak. We watched as our sandwiches were assembled and said to the guy 'is that all the steak you put on?" He just looked at us.  Very few onions were added.
Went to sit down and all tables were dirty, i asked a guy if we coukd get it cleaned. Handed me a dirty wet rag, 
No, we won't be backOne of my favorite local cheesesteak places - the place I go when I'm on the way home from work and having a craving. The onions are perfectly cut and caramelized. The steak is okay, but the whiz keeps everything moist and provides most of the flavor. The bread is very soft. Not my #1, but fairly close and definitely the best in center city.Arrived at this establishment for lunch to go. It is a brightly lit interior. You wait to place an order at a window and give them what your preferences are. 
I ordered a Cheese Steak with onions and american cheese. 
Went to the second window and got a drink.
I walked back to the office and opened this lovely Cheese Steak. 
I noticed nice thick meat. Not some thin stuff. It was good meat, tasty and limited fat. The onions and cheese were what I asked for. The roll was not your Philly standard roll, but just as delicious. 
The only odd thing is not knowing what you are supposed to do once you place your order. They do not ask your name and you wait. 
It is fairly priced for the area. You can sit down to eat at the establishment after placing your order.Like many other people we tried this place on our trip to Philadelphia after seeing it on a top 10 list. I was a little disappointed honestly. It was really quite plain and boring.
I understand good food can be simple but this just tasted like meat was thrown on a griddle without any seasoning with a just-ok provolone melted on top. It wasn't awful, it just wasn't anything to write home about. The way everyone raves about Philly Cheesesteaks, you'd expect to be biting into something warm, gooey and delicious, and way more special.
The location was pretty decent since its easy to get to from the touristy parts of the city center and it was generally clean inside without too much of a line. Counter service was kinda short and unfriendly as though there were fives times as many people behind me waiting as there really were and I really had my order down to a local approved art.My new favorite cheesesteak place in Philly... steak is lightly seasoned to perfection! Will definitely be looking forward to coming back after a night out at Concourse again!Not impressed. Got delivery to hotel which is a block away and it's already cold. Steak is very chewy. Ordered spicy fries...not spicy at all. I'm positive they are the plain ones. If you're looking for that famous Philly cheesesteak...go somewhere else.Great sandwich. Great service. Only thing i could say is the sandwich could use a little more meat. For $10 a sandwich that thing should be loaded. Overall a great place to go and enjoy a slim cheese steak.. Thanks.I have no idea what the official meat ratio is supposed to be. On my first visit I enjoyed the sandwich but I didn't have a strong sense of the actual steak part, as it seemed overshadowed by the cheese. 
The second time I got a double. This was an impressive sandwich (with Whiz, onions and mushrooms) that I ate with startling speed. The meat and cheese were in harmony. If the steak is the most crucial part of your sandwich this probably won't be your Philadelphia all-time best but it's worth a shot. 
Favorable points include the free pepper section and the late hours.Really delicious. This hidden gem is far from the touristy spots which is a good thing! Delicious steaks with a variety of cheese options.I came as a tourist looking for an authentic cheesesteak before leaving town after a great visit. I ordered one with whiz and onions and split it with my girlfriend. Both of us like the taste, especially the quality of the bread. The meat was sliced razor thin, not chopped up like others, but also unlike the others, it was hardly spilling out of the bread. I could stand for a little more beef to be sure. 
The setup is strange with two separate windows, one for sandwiches and another for drinks and fries. Cash only but they have an ATM just inside the front door. The dining area is nothing special. One unwelcome part of the atmosphere is the constant talking among the kitchen staff, louder than I cared to hear. I will probably return after I try a few other cheesesteak places -- assuming I do not find a new favorite cheesesteak.Came here with some buddies for the cheese steak. The lady at the sandwich counter was a bit rude, wanted the ordering process to hurry along but we were the only ones there at the moment.  Anyway, got my cheese steak with whiz and onions.  I like the fact that they were making it to order. Got my sandwich sat and then got up to get peppers napping etc. I notice my pants were dirty with sauce from part of the chair. They really need to clean their dining area.  Back to the food, I actually enjoyed the sandwich. Tasted even better once I added sweet peppers.  I would return, but not running back there.Cheesesteak at is best. I have been there many times and everytime I had a great sandwich. It has always been very consistent with the quality and freshness. Never any complains. keep up with the good work.Had my first authentic Philly Cheesesteak experience here and I have mixed feelings. The overall establishment is fine, line moves fast, food is ready quickly, huge assortment of toppings but......
When it came time to order I opted for a "normal Philly Cheesesteak" where I was then asked a question that would change the course of my entire life. "Whiz or American?". I didn't really know that one was better than the other or that WHIZ is basically cheese from a can.
I decided to get WHIZ (no onions). When I brought it back to office everyone made fun of me. That's when I knew you probably shouldn't get whiz. Also, do you like that nacho cheese that comes in a can? Yeah me either. Nonetheless I finished my Cheesesteak with a slight tinge of regret. 
I'm sure this place is 5 star if you do it right. Anxiously awaiting my next visit to Philly for Round 2: American CheeseThe steak sandwich I had here was not very good.  The thing is, this is Philadelphia.  The steak sandwich should be amazing.  If I can get a better sandwich at the Steak Escape, the chain restaurant, then its just not up to par.Yup! This is where you need to go if you're looking for a delicious Philly cheesesteak. 
Perfect if you're looking for a late night fix!I love this place. The cheesesteaks are nice and cheesy and service is pretty quick. There's seating inside, they're open late, slightly friendlier than their competitors, and they have average prices. Their Center City location is perfect for late night drunchies. they only take cash, but they have an ATM inside.After reading some of the reviews above, I'm in shock because this is hands down the best sandwich in the city now with the 16th and Chestnut location.  By the way, any restaurant that JUST OPENS UP is going to have a few kinks to work out the first few weeks if not days so lighten up.  Looking forward to the new location succeeding for a long time to come.My first time here as a born and raised Philadelphian but it was supringsly tasty. I do have critiques although appetizing it wasnt the best steak in this city. The meat was juicy and I was happy to see that it was not frozen before placing on the grill. You can also watch the cooks assemble your sandwich from the window.
okay here are my critiques...
more meat on the regular sandwich instead of of an almost $15 sandwich for double meat. any establishment that uses cheese whiz on a sandwich is a no-go for me...Need to cover up the condiments or put them on fresh on the sandwich while assembling, that was a sanitary issue i noticed. I probably spent like 10 minutes getting everything I needed to make my sandwich complete. i ordered a large fries and it was more like an extra small even after the cashier told me it was enough for 2 people. when i arrived to my destination (which was a beer spot) when i went to eat my fries werent even salted. steak was edible but the organization of this establishment needs some work. i felt like i needed to be on payroll after all i did before i left there...okay rant down...hope this helps. probably wont go back but i tried something new... (back to paganos)I would agree that they could put a little more meat in the sandwich. But besides that it is still my favorite cheesesteak in Philly. Love that it's not chopped up like most of the rest. Have tried most, and this is the best.Prince of Steaks?  Hardly. 
Store is closed-in and inside you feel as if you've walked into a steam room.  You walk out stinking like friend onions and meat.
The meat to roll ratio is way off if you don't order the double meat option.  The cheese is pre-melted and ladled on after the meat is added to the roll, ensuring a gooey-greasy mess.  Most other places put a slice of unmelted cheese on the roll first (provolone or american) or brushes on a thin coat of Wiz, keeping the meet from getting the roll soggy.  Plus the warm meat will actually soften and start to melt the cheese, but not enough to make it runny.  Why Steve's does it their way with the cheese on last, I can only assume is to try and stand out, but that's not a good thing.
The meat is seared, almost a fried texture, it's a leaner cut than most of their competitors, but this kinda left the flavor a little dry and salty.  Great if you think other places are too fatty.  Not so great if you like flavor.
The bread was ok.  Hard to judge as it was soggy from the meat and gooey from too much cheese running off it, but the bread isn't the weak link here.
The French Fries were actually great.  Hot and crisp on the outside, you just needed a little salt and ketchup...unfortunately at 2:30am they were out of ketchup but the staff were quick to get us some disposable packets fast enough that the fries were still burning the roof of our mouths.  
Despite the Rittenhouse area location, make no mistakes about it, this is a dive type place.  The crowd late at night is rough and drunk and fairly hostile, not at all tourist friendly like their South Philly competition.  The interior is also a complete mess, kind of what you'd expect a stadium to look like an hour after everyone left...trash and empty wrappers with half eaten food and tipped over cups strewn all over.  There is grease and cheese all over the tables and stools making it hard to even sit down.  I highly recommend passing here and going onto the next place!While not the original location, still holds up the quality testament of what a Philly cheesesteak should be.  Ignore the other ones that are tourist traps, this is the real deal.Simply bomb. First time in Philly and first Philly cheesesteak and it is amazing. Staff was helpful with recommendations and it turned out soooooo good.Light on the meat and the cheese/gravy hybrid tasted extremely processed. For $9 this was quite a disappointment. Perhaps we went to the wrong location, but this is NOT the best cheese steak in Philly. In fact, it's the worst I've had so far. John's Roast Pork is slightly cheaper, has far more meat, higher quality meat, (Steve's is Steak'em), and the dining atmosphere is even better. Skip Steve's. He ain't no prince.**This place is cash only at night** which was definitely inconvenient for me because I prefer paying with card. While they had an ATM, I didn't want to pay the fees. This resulted in my boyfriend and I buying less food than we intended on since we didn't have much cash on hand. The cheesesteak came quickly but wasn't cut in half which was a little odd. I liked the self serve area for hot peppers and pickles. The cheesesteak was satisfying enough for drunk food.Let's be real, you're going here because you don't want to go many blocks south to where everyone is telling you to go to get a cheese steak- and who can blame you? The expensive parking in center city is better than the no parking in the south. If you're working or playing in center city, it's there, it's a Philly cheese steak, so go in whydontcha? 
A lot goes into what cheese steak you prefer. For me, I like a cheese-heavy ratio. I'd probably pay 5 bucks for a roll with some melted cheese whiz on it. Some people equate stuffing the thing with meat to it being good, and they might be right in their own little world, but I don't like mouthfuls of meat with almost no cheese in it, which tends to be what Jim gives you. Steve's hits the spot, the roll is good, there's not a ton of meat but they don't skimp on the cheese. You might need a change of clothes after how messy with cheese these things tend to be, which is just fine with me personally, but it does depend on your preference. 
Tony Luke's and a few other places still gets the ratio down better, but if I'm hanging out in center city on business, I stop in and pull up a steel chair to an all-steel table and have me a cheesy meat sandwich and not a cheese steak snob nor a trained doctor can stop me. 
Also, you don't get a lot of "house sodas" around, but this place has its own very good cherry soda. A note to other places: having a soda that isn't just some bland coke or pepsi product adds value, so do it whydontcha?His royal highness of steaks offers probably the worst Philly cheesesteak I've ever had, and certainly the worst I've had in Philly. The sandwich consisted of about three wafer thin slices of some kind of meat, barely detectable visually, and absolutely imperceptible to the taste buds, so basically you taste bread, and some cheese. It was a complete waste of calories. The four dollar side of French fries were your basic from the freezer processed sticks of what they called potatoes, without a hint of flavor, truly a new height in blandness, so extreme, no amount of salt and ketchup could salvage them. I ordered bottled water. It was warm. Now I ask you, how do you get water wrong? If there's a way to do it wrong, this place has discovered it, as the meal proved.One Of The Best!
Steve's Prince of Steaks serves up one of the Best Cheesesteaks in Philly. Let me start by saying I am a Chopped Guy. In other words I primarily like my steak chopped to the max! A' la Jim's' Steaks Style. Years ago a group of friends and I wound up at a Steve's because that's where the designated driver chose to go. I quickly noticed they don't chop their steak but ordered anyway because it was late and I was hungry. The whole time I'm thinking ok, how nasty is this going to be.. As nasty as (Pat's or Geno's) the ultimate tourist trap's in Philly where they don't chop the meat and serve the lowest grade they can find? Knowing that most of their customers are just visiting. The kind of meat where you take your first bit and half the meat and nasty gristle comes out of the roll , smack's you in the face, falls in your lap or worse your start chokin? Thankfully the exact opposite happened. The meat was marinated and as tender as it gets. There was practically No Gristle and the roll.."THE ROLL" Best "Cheesesteak" Roll  on the open market in Philadelphia! Period, Hands Down End of Sentence.. Message to all chopped only fans.. Try It!!Steak had very little meat, and flavorless in comparison with other steaks in the Philly area. 
Go to Jersey and figure out how to make a real steak.Awesome service, awesome food. Placed a big order for pick-up, 8 steaks, fries, mozz sticks. Got home and the order was perfect and the food was delicious. 
The guys in the place were very helpful.I went hear around midnight on a Wednesday night.  They stay open until 1am on Wednesday.
I ordered a whiz wit.  
The cheesesteak was $9.
When the order was ready, the "cook" at the register yelled something unintelligible.  This struck me as a bit odd considering I was one of only three people actually sitting in the place, which was virtually silent.  I could understand if this place had the hustle and bustle of Pat's or Geno's, but this place was like a ghost town - it just didn't make sense.  
Right before he hands me the cheesesteak, he puts the sandwich down and flicks what looks like a piece of onion that stuck to the side of his hand into a nearby garbage can with a look of absolute disgust on his face.  He then proceeds to hand me the sandwich.  Ewww.  Gross.  If I wasn't such a fat kid with the munchies, I probably would've explored other options - but I simply found a sad little seat in this place and began to stuff my face.
First impressions of the steak, not a lot of flavor and tons of undefinable liquid dripping out of the sandwich.  The meat seemed to be missing any fat content and was simply overcooked and tough.  The roll was "meh".  The cheese and onions were "meh".  
Let's just say I live across the street from a beer store that happens to sell hoagies and cheesesteaks - there are crackheads and prostitutes who hang out there everyday - and the place across the street from me sells a better cheesesteak than "Steve's Prince of Steaks".
Overall, not a good cheesesteak.  For $9, there is a lot better food you can get - you could probably find a better cheesesteak on a standard food truck.  The value and quality just isn't there.  The overall experience was insulting.
If you want a good cheesesteak, DO NOT COME HERE.I've been to Gino's and pats and all the other tourist traps and this place tops em all off . Steve's uses real meat and the whiz is to die for !Best Philly cheese steaks I've ever had. Great ending to a night out! Wiz with is all you need to say. Great stuff. Fries are a bit in the dry side but the steaks make up for itNever going back. They stay open late for drunk people coming out of bars. Not only did I have to choose from only American cheese or whiz, but then I had to pay 20$ (cash only) for barely any steak drowned in whiz. Try cleavers if you want a real steak.First and foremost, I am going to state that I'm not a fan of cheese-steaks. My friend that I went with, though, loves cheese-steaks. To visit Philly, you also gotta try them where they're famous, right?  
I visited this location earlier this year around March so it wasn't that busy when I went. A lot of locals didn't even know it was opened. Compared to other cheese-steak establishments, they were actually pretty friendly. Maybe because there wasn't an insane line, but the employees remembered us when we came back before we left Philly (2 days later). We chatted along the assembly line and learned some tips to visit in the area.
I ordered the cheese-steak with mushrooms, onions and provolone. My friend ordered a cheese-steak "with" (with onions) and whiz.
We tried other two famous places, Geno's and Pat's, and my friend said he liked the cheese-steaks here the most of the three. The bread wasn't too doughy and the meat tender and juicy. I liked my sandwich because I didn't have to stick to just meat and cheese (too much of it during the trip).I've been craving real Philly cheesesteaks ever since I left here 20 years ago.   So it was no surprise that within 3 hours of arriving in Philadelphia I found myself here waiting for one of the higher rated cheesesteaks in town.   Needless to say, I was disappointed.  I will say the fries were good and hot but the cheesesteak was not what I had hoped.   I like chopped rather than sliced and there just wasn't the right flavor or consistency here for me.I waited 3 days to order from Steves, I'm leaving philly in a couple of days and all I wanted was another amazing cheesesteak. The cheesesteak I received was dry and lacked meat and the amazing seasonings I tasted before. I called and the manager said he made it :/ it could be possible that the guy that cooks at night is a better cook but I'm unsure of that. Either way, I was sadly disappointed. I'll try to upload a picture.Was told by a local to come check this place out. I don't get the allure, but maybe that's because I'm not a local and the stigma isn't attached for me. I got the veggie hoagie which was literally onions mushrooms and peppers slapped onto a sub sandwich. I would give it a one, but my fiancé is giving them an extra star for the cheesesteak (which he said was "ehhh...it was alright"). One more star for their fries which were very good and came in a large portion size. If there are two of you dining, one side of fries is the perfect amount.The go-to place for cheese steak. The sandwich drenched in cheese wiz. I can say this place is great for cheese steak. They don't skimp on the cheese and the meat is cooked well. It almost seems like the perfect hangover meal. It is a messy meal but I can say its messy with a purpose. This is a place I am coming back to the next time I visit.Sandwich was amazing and took no time to receive it even with a long line! Really good place to go at midnight when nothing else is opened!Was told about this being the best Philly cheese steaks in town by a local.  But be sure you read the signs properly and don't be like me and order the wrong thing...lol Damn delicious!
They have 2 tips of cheese, melted cheese whiz and melted American.  I went with the American.  Steak was tender. Bread hot, soft and chewy.  DEF a good cheese steak!The bread is tough. The meat is sparse and to get a sandwich and a drink, you are forced to run your card and pay twice. This is ridiculous. From one window, they call you to come get your sandwich while you are still paying for your fries at the other window. Um- I'm over here. Come walk your butt 5 steps this way and give it to me. Stupid system isn't at all customer friendly. I feel bad I put them out by coming to their restaurant.Great cheesesteak without all of the south philly silly behavior. The white cheese sauce is a must! Got a steak with fried onions, a side of fries (which by the way, is my only complaint as it is super annoying to have to pay twice at two separate windows in the same small joint just because I wanted a drink and fries). Besides making you wait in line and pay twice rather than taking your full order at once, this place is yummy! Love the pickle and hot pepper selection as well!Came in because a local told us it was good. The girl in front with the blonde hair treated us extremely disrespectful and full of attitude. As a result, the rest of the staff did the same. The food was not that great. Best thing was the fries with the American cheese. Not worth a second attempt.Steve's came highly recommended by the locals in Philadelphia. The menu has a nice variety of items (burgers, hot dogs, mozzarella sticks, chicken fingers). I opted for the Philly Cheesesteak with Whiz and Mushrooms at the recommendation of one of the employees. 
All their sandwiches are "made to order" but It took less than 10 minutes until the steamy hot goodness was sitting on my tray. 
They have a toppings bar if you want to add pickles, relish or peppers. 
Steve's gets very crowded during lunch. So make sure you decide what you want to order prior to standing in line. 
I would say Steve's is a top 5 Cheesesteak restaurants in Philly. If you only have time to eat a few places. I would make Steve's must visit destination on your list.I didn't think the sandwich was very good. Not very flavorful. I imagined the meat in a Philly cheesesteak to be a thinner cut- more shaved. I'm giving this place one star mainly because the dining area was really dirty. It didn't seem like anyone wiped down the tables periodically. And, for the toppings bar- I think it would be better to have tongs. The spoons were just too big to try to put things in a tiny cup. People had dropped toppings all over the floor.I liked Steve's a lot. Ironically, this place got their start in the Northeast where I live, but ending up trying it for the first time during a lunch break at the downtown location. i was very impressed and enjoyed the cheesesteak hoagie I ordered. The bread was nice and soft, and the steak was sliced, not chopped, which I preferred. They offered american cheese or cheese wiz, so if you want provolone I think you're out of luck. the guys behind the counter were fast and friendly and I would definitely return for another steak or to try something else - I have my eye on their burger. My friend also recommends the fries which I have yet to try. There is a sign next to the window where you order to instruct you on how to order - which I personally find to be obnoxious. i don't like it when restaurants or any business has rules like that. I didn't follow the rules and still got what I wanted, so maybe it's just a gimmick. The other thing was the price - it was $10 for the steak and I'm not sure why, but I do feel like it was a bit much. It was certainly better than a $5 steak, but was it twice as better? Not sure. I was really happy with the steak though, so maybe it was. I'll definitely be back at some point.Yes, some of the other reviewers were right about lack of steak, but they are wrong about it being steak-ums steak! The meat is thinly sliced and very flavorful. There's barely any fat (basically none) and the cheesesteaks are farily large compared to lots of places. I think they place the right amount of cheese, onions, and mushrooms (if you request it) in it. Also, it's not as greasy as some other steaks I have had around the city. And, they are extremely clean here! You can see the cook grilling the meat, placing it in the sandwich, etc etc. Oh, and their condiments are inside so there's no flies pooping on it (yuck!) 
I'm not sure why someone said they are very expensive. I do not think $8 for a cheesesteak in the city expensive at all, esp for how large it is. I will be back!Geno's and Pats don't compare to Steve's. This is hands down my favorite spot to get a cheesesteak. The vibe is nice and the service is great!First of all, Philadelphia needs to take some pointers from New Orleans. The so called infamous Phily Cheesesteak sandwich is basically slices of beef and your choice of cheese on thick hoagie style bread. We were not impressed and there was a sign above where you order that reads, "know what you want before you walk up".  Just saying, this isn't very welcoming for first timers. So, if ever in New Orleans, go to Parkway and order a roast beef poor boy.I was told by a guy that works at a very awesome cocktail bar that this place had the best cheesesteak in the city. Sad that a person that works at a very awesome place would give out such an irresponsible and inaccurate recommendation like that.
I came here for lunch the other day since me and my buddy showed up as they were closing around 1am on a Tuesday night. This must be the place to come for lunch in Rittenhouse Square as it starting getting packed after I ordered my steak. I got a $10 cheesesteak with onions and cheese whiz as this seems to be the preferred way to order a philly in Philly. They had toppings like cherry peppers and other stuff available if you want to add yourself. The steak was ok and probably the sloppiest that I had as the onions were falling all out of it...washed it down with an awesome cherry pepsi! The steak wasn't bad, but definitely not the best steak I had during my Philly visit...out of the 5 steaks I had during my visit I would rank it at 4 or 5 out of the ones I tried.My favorite cheesesteak hands down. Some people don't like the fact that its not chopped up, but the flavor more than makes up for it. The roll is perfect, the cheese is ample and it is one of my favorite "sin" foods. The fact that they opened up within walking distance of my apartment is terrible for my waistline. Especially since the cheese fries go great with the cheesesteak. :)
The room is spacious and there is plenty of seating. They are quick with the orders too.Came here the first night in Philadelphia since it was close to my hotel. No lines and ordered my food pretty quickly. Got the cheesesteak with mushrooms and provolone cheese. It was not bad.  The meat was a little thicker than other places and there was no flavor.  I tried adding sweet peppers but still not much better. Maybe I should have tried the cheese whiz instead. It was a little pricey.  I'm glad I tried this place out.My girlfriend and I got in around 10:30 pm for a steak.   The side condiments were fantastic.  Pickles and peppers blew my mind but the hot sauce didn't.  Wasn't tasty.  Bread was soft and good, onions were alright, whiz was good.  Steak wasn't chopped but had a decent flavor.  Service was quick.  Total was 21 bucks with no fries or drinks.
I wouldn't come back.Before I left Philly, I was on a mission to eat a Philly Cheesesteak. Some locals pointed me in the direction of Steve's Prince of Steaks, but noted that was probably the best option given our location (translation: you won't find a great Philly Cheesesteak in these parts).
The plus:
+ Soft bread
+ Gooey cheese 
The meh:
- Steak was tough 
- Good flavor with the onion, but bland otherwise
I love steak, I love cheese, and I love bread, but the Cheesesteak I had at Steve's was just okay.Not a bad steak. Right across the street from the job so that's a plus. Great location. I miss the donut shop though...Best steak sandwich I have had for under $100.  Just plain great!I thought I knew what a cheesesteak was. And then I went to Steve's. All other cheesesteaks should bow to the Prince.Pretty good cheesesteaks stopped in here with my fiancé for a quick bite. Our food was delicious the quality was fair and their fries were pretty good. The quality of cleanliness can be raised a notch but overall it was a decent place to grab a quick bite.I purchased a cheesesteak and a bottle of spring water.   The cheesesteak was adequate; although other steak shops give twice the amount of meat in their sandwiches.   While scanning my sales receipt, I noticed that I was actually charged PENNSYLVANIA SALES TAX (8%) on the bottle of spring water.   So, (with the sales receipt in my hand), I politely brought this to the attention of three (3) employees working behind the counter.   One employee told me: "They charge sales tax on everything around here."   When I told him that it is ILLEGAL for Steve's Prince of Steaks to charge PENNSYLANIA SALES TAX on bottled water, he responded: "It is what it is."If Steve is the Prince of Steaks,
...then I'm the 7-star Studded Crowned Lieutenant XVIIIth Archduke Ambassador General in Residency Last Line of Defense PRINCE of Yelp! I forbid... NO, I fivebid... anyone from calling this a steak. As some other kind of sandwich, it's passable, but it's not a steak. I haven't seen anything like this since I had an onion sandwich from the boardwalk in Wildwood years ago. They called theirs a steak too. Imagine that! It's like a practice question on the SAT. Which one of these does not belong?
Oh well. Somebody likes it. Get your money.Large steak pieces. No provolone cheese when we went. We asked for onions and found three pieces only. All in ask not quite worth the price of 19 for two steaks.They ruin the cheese steak experience! I've had better cheeseSteaks in Boston than the overpriced crap they are selling. They just seem to live off the glory of their other prince of steak location, which makes mindblowing cheesesteaks !Maybe Steve's Prince of Steaks is a Johnny come lately to the cheese steak world, having only opened late in the last century, compared to Pat's, Geno's or even Jim's but they are hands down the best.
The meat is thinly sliced Round eye, cooked to perfection and served nice and moist.  I hate the old school places that cook pounds of meat at a time and chop them up into tiny chunks, just sitting there in a large pile, drying and overcooking until served. (Jim's,)  Nor do I like the thick slabs served at Pat's or Geno's that sometimes don't tear where you bite and you end up wit a large mouthful of meat.
The main cheeses (wiz and American) are served as a sauce and the provolone and mozz are served as melted slices.  My favorite is the American but this is totally a personal taste thing as they are all good.
The rolls are just the right degree of chewy and always fresh.
An oddity to Philly cheese steak places is the double lines.  It is a good strategy when eating with friends for one of you to stand in the steak line and one in the drinks and fries line.  The cheese fries are also yummy and I am a fan of the cherry Pepsi (made by mixing the Pepsi and cherry fountain syrup.Found some guy's 1 1/2" beard hair in my sandwich. When I confronted him about it, he told me to go file a complaint up front. Great attitude, yeah? So my husband took it up to the cashier, who threw the money back at him and couldn't care less. This was our first "authentic" Philly cheese steak experience (we're from Seattle). Not the first impression I was hoping for, especially in the City of Brotherly Love. Avoid.No pros to speak of.  Wayyyy overpriced for meat and cheese.  Burger was da-ripping with grease which completely grossed us out!  3 napkins and counting to soak it all up.  Not a place to go for phillys never mind food in general.  We gave in after 2 bites, threw it in the garbage and went elsewhere.  Gross!!!I ordered the cheesesteak with double meat, onions and whiz. Really filling, would have been good without I think. Fries were okay, place was not busy at 130 on a Sunday so that was nice. I would go back for sure.Nice greasy cheesesteak that hit the spot. Got the whiz and onion that was recommended. Haven't tried pats or the other places but this set the bar pretty high.Love their cheesesteaks. Went here three days in a row while in Philly. Really good.I've trekked all over Philly to eat cheesesteaks, but this is the first hand sliced steak I've ever eaten. It was definitely juicier than steaks I've previously eaten. I ordered it "with whiz," with a side of fries, which were crispy but a little under salted. Overall, it was okay, but as a Philly native, I still prefer my steaks chopped.This is not a bad place to have a steak sandwich. Really. However, there were a few things that I did not enjoy. 
Like some reviewers mention, there is too much bread and too little meat in the sandwich. Perhaps the double meat will help, but this really bothered me. 
Pretty good meat, but too little. 
Bread very dry and just too much of it. 
Toppings and French fries are great 
Service a little rough around the edges. Not the friendliest, but pretty much as expected. 
Overall, a decent experience and the best steak in that area.Yet another "authentic" cheesesteak spot chock full of arbitrary "rules" that cater to tourists and drunk frat boys.
Want to pay with a credit card? They take 'em... well.. sometimes.. otherwise, no dice. Unless they're in a good mood and it's during the day, or feel free to use their ATM -- for a fee of course...
Want lettuce and tomatoes on that steak? You know, a cheesesteak hoagie? As listed on the menu board -- Sorry once again, no dice. Well, not after either half an hour before closing or 11 O'Clock, whichever comes first.
Want to ask a question about their ridiculous and arbitrary rules? No dice.. get out.
I know places get busy, and in those cases, I can understand cutting back on the frou-frou.. but when there's no one else in line, it's a bit ridiculous.  Especially for the prices they charge.
I grew up in the northeast and used to frequent their other spots so I know their food can be good.. when and if you can get it.  
The guy at the counter said he doesn't care, he sells "thousands of steaks" regardless.
Fair enough, I'm sure he's right.
When you do finally get your order, this particular location has an off flavor almost like burnt oil.  It pervades the fries, steak, everything.. something is off.  
I dismissed it as a fluke but it happened on more than one occasion.
I'm generally easy going, but after these new rules regarding credit cards and lettuce and tomatoes-- which by the way are sitting RIGHT THERE, well, there are also a thousand other cheesesteak places in the city.
Best of luckSolid cheesesteaks--fries were kind of bland. Decent late night option for cheesesteaks in the Rittenhouse Square area. Staff was friendly.Been traveling to Philly since 2003. Tried a few cheesesteaks in my time. Genos was always my favorite,  until now. Damn that was a great sandwich. Juicy meat, carmelized onions, soft bun, drippy wiz. From here on out my go to place for cheesesteaks.  And the Cheery Soda is great also.If you're looking for one of the best philly cheesesteaks, look no further and stop by Steve's. I have lived in philly for a while and have tried many cheesesteaks in different places. What I look for is how well the beef is marinated, cut, cooked and most important taste.
The guys in Steve's do a fine job in finely cut the beef and they will never chop them in tiny pieces like most places do (which in most cases people over cook the beef and looses the juicy texture). The beef is well marinated and you can taste it with a toasted roll and whatever cheese you choose.
The downfall is their price otherwise it would be 5 stars from me.Good tasting steak but hit and miss with the amount of meat you get. Sometimes a good amount sometimes a piddly amount. 
I'd go their more but the inconsistency makes it not worth it at times.The steak sandwiches here are super delicious. The sandwiches are HUGE...I couldn't even finish my whole sandwich. I got a regular steak with American cheese and extra onions. Being someone from the south, I found it funny when their "hot and spicy" fries are nothing but Old Bay seasoning which I didn't know was considered "hot" but none the less they were very good and there was a big portion of them. You have to order sandwiches from one window, and sides and drinks from the other which can be confusing. The condiments are laid out in front of the window with little cups you can fill them with. The only thing I can say, there aren't any labels so someone like me being out of town, it's hard to identify what the sauces are instead of the obvious. The sauce that I discovered being some sort of hot sauce did have a weird taste to it, but when I put just a tad bit on my sandwich it gave it a good amount of heat and the meat disguised the weird taste. I definitely would come here again, but on a completely empty stomach.Steve's is truly the Prince of Steaks. I was recommended to try them while I was working in northeast phila and wow it was so good. 
The flavor isn't unique, but its a good cheese steak sandwich.Thanks to one of our local friend, we discovered this place. Their cheesesteak is orgasmic! Maybe I was starving that's why:) but it was really good!!I'm a whiz kinda girl and this was delicious ! Want 15 to take back to VA!! Worth every penny!Meh! Not impressed. Cheesesteak was big but steak chewy and cheese minimal. Fried onions were good. Best thing I had here was the seasoned fries.New location. Still a great steak. Pepperoni wiz wit. Can't go wrong. Eat two and you'll feel better about yourself afterwards.For my first Philly cheesesteak in Philadelphia, it wasn't bad. The cheese whiz added a lot of flavor and the meat was good. In no way, shape, or form is this healthy, but it was worth trying. I ate half and I was good. 
Maybe if I knew what other toppings to put on this then I'd REALLY like it....? It is worth the try.Ate these steaks 2 days in a row because they were a solid good meal and close to my hotel in center city.  I recommend double meat and whiz to fill you up.  Good cheesesteak and nice that you can grab your peppers etc. yourself to pack up while you wait for your steak.Not good. Not the kind of cheese steak I prefer. Steak Meat is cut deli-style (sliced) and there is not enough filling in the cheesesteak. It's all hoagie, no meat.Can I hear a SALTY please? I came here after visiting Dellasandro's and this place falls very short of them. Although the two places are very different in relation to the make of the meat and the seasoning they use it was wrong in many places. The only positives were their hero bread and fries. Their meat is thinly sliced and they don't use a lot so the sandwich ends up very flat. I ordered mine with onion and whiz and while eating it, it ended up a sloppy mess. They are also about $10 per hero which is average but I believe are definitely better places to try if you're on a cheese steak hunt.Place is a rip off .. To quote the old 80's commercial "where's the beef ??" By being so skimpy they are in a sense making u order the sandwich With double meat. No thanks .. Pats is still #1 in my bookFor $10 I expect something a little more than a greasy roll with cheese. Barely give you any meat and their "double meat with cheese" option is about $13..? Would have made the trek to Jim's on South Street for an actual cheesesteak. Now I know why I've only ever had Steve's when I'm walking home at 2am from the bar.Craving cheesesteak in the Rittenhouse area? Steve's will satisfy. You can customize your toppings and there's a row of various condiments for you to tweak the flavor even more. I felt like we received a good amount of meat, cheese, and veggies in our cheesesteaks. Favorite part? They were very neatly prepared! The toppings were evenly distributed and only a little fell out when I took a bite. I feel like I could eat a cheesesteak from here while standing up, wearing white and only have the teensiest bit of anxiety - that's how non-messy this sandwich was.
The shop itself is clean with a good amount of tables and a row of counter seats along the far wall. It's a good option for a cheap, casual meal in the area.I saw this place was said to be top 10 of Philly cheese steaks, so I obviously tried Steve's out. Ended up making an awful decision in trying this establishment first... When I asked to add another type of cheese or anything else to my sandwich I was told I was not allowed to. I've never heard of any deli or similar service dictating what you can or cannot add to your sandwich. What happened to the customer comes first? And to top it off the sandwich was subpar and the meat was dry. So thanks for nothing Steve's.I've had Steve's right outside of Philadelphia and it was outrageously good. We came to have dinner here last night and if was off. The cheese fries tasted burned and the cheesesteak (we ordered whiz with) was really gross. I had a couple of bites thinking it would get better...it did not. We ended up going to Tony Luke's. It's location is so convenient, it's a shame the food was so bad.Very average. Not very much meat and bun uncooked. I asked for yellow mustard and they had none but the real game changer for me is having to pay for cheese and grilled onions separately. Only reason I went in was with a groupon and to try this place out but will to be going back because there are many other, much better options, in center city.TERRIBLE TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE!!!!!! I ordered a cajun chicken cheesesteak. i waited 25 mins still no steak. I only get 30 mins for lunch. so i go to the counter and ask why is it taking so long....boy oh boy the attitude i got...look do you want a refund....its coming right off so i said ill wait of its coming right off..waited 2 more mins returned to counter. yes i can take the refund. I got back to my desk and called the store to speak with a manager. the manager said you got a refund why are you calling and hung up in my ear. said this is a family owned business there is no corporate. and hung up on me again. so i called back and said im not being rude to you so why do you keep hanging up in my ear. his response you got your money back so what do you want......wow.....i think this store is racist. i was the only black person in there. they wouldnt dare treat a person of another color like that and i know it. i told him if you hang up on me again im going to come in and mess that whole store up now you play with me. completely took me out of my character......We ordered a "Provo with" and "American with" and they tasted great - tasted better than I recall from other places.  It was a win in our book.Super yummy. I would double the cheese next time and if I'm going to go halves with someone then I would double the meat as well. I'm so satisfied right now. And the service was excellent.Surprisingly, there aren't that many big name cheesesteak options within walking distance of center city. 
Not wanting to roam around Philadelphia, much further than where I was, I decided to stop at Steve's Prince of Steaks.
The location is very convenient. Right on 16th and Chestnut, in the heart of center city.
The décor is nothing to speak about. It looks like a diner from the 80's. But that wasn't what I was here for. I was here for the authentic cheesesteak.
I ordered a cheesesteak with wiz, onions, and peppers. The bread is soft and the meat is sliced (not chopped up). The cheese is gooey, so it's a little messy to eat. Although it was a bit expensive, it was really good. One of the better cheesesteaks I've had. If the cheesesteak were a little less pricey, I'd give this place a 5.....maybe it's because of the hype of the Philly Cheese Steak but it was just mediocre. 
I didn't like the fact the spicy fries cost that much when it was sprinkles Cajun seasoning but it was a lot, if I came with another person it would probably make up for the price....and the "Cajun" chicken lol didn't really taste Cajun to me at all but I'm used to eating cajun food so maybe it's the Cajun taste up hear. 
Anyway overall average experience in taste was brought up but the service during the day time, they were all pretty chill and service was def fast. Seating area was just average noise so good enuf to eat in peace . That being said it did fill me up and prob for the day. 
But yeah Overall average experience will prob try a different place next time I come back to philly.Not sure how this place even got recommended as being one of the best Cheesesteaks in the Cheesesteak capitol. On a 1 to 10 scale, just plain ole run of the mill stuff here 5.8. VERY Mediocre..........went in and ordered 2 pork roll sandwiches and they told me straight up no. total $&@holes working here. i'd starve before going back here.After having been to the quintessential Philly steak spots, I came across Steve's Prince of Steaks and saw their hand cut steak technique. While a bit skeptical that this would make a difference, I decided to order the usual "comparison" sandwich, which is whiz/wit mushrooms. I have to say that Steve's offer by far the best tasting mushrooms and they actually take the time to grill them instead of just slapping them on as a second thought onto the sandwich. Steve's is highly recommended.
Top Dine Top Tip: You can ask them to grill the meat a little less than usual if you like your meat grilled around medium.The cheesesteaks are huge, and good, but definitely not the best. The pizza fries were boring and bland. The guys that work there are cool. Clean bathroom.There was zero wait and only few customers in the shop on a Wednesday night.   I was staying in the area so decided to check the place out.   I ordered it to go, cheesesteak with spicy fries.    They forgot the onions and the fries guy had placed the fries upside down so when I lift them from the bag, it just falls all over; an old trick that's played on take outs and very juvenile.    I guess bunch of jokers runs the place.
It's an ok joint for getting your philly cheesesteak fix if you are in the area but certainly not worth a dedicated visit.   If you are going to go out of your way, might as well hit Geno's or Pat's for a more fun atmosphere and ultimately better food and service.Not bad, not great, and I'm still on the hunt for Philly's best cheesesteak after my eating experience at Steve's Prince of Steaks. Plenty of friendly service and the atmosphere is casual enough to pop in and out, but my friends and I were mostly underwhelmed by the food itself.
Generous amount of steak and cheese, roll was cushy but firm enough to bite into, and the perfect sprinkle of fried onions. It sounds like an ideal sandwich, but the problem was that it just didn't have enough flavor for me to be dazzled over.
The open containers of toppings and condiments on their counter freak me the f*** out, and make the place smell way worse than it should.I ordered a cheese steak with bacon and cheese fries, a pretty regular order for me. I was not disappointed.  The food was delicious and a good portion with no shortage of cheese.A-OK. This was our last stop for food on a trip in Philly because we had to try a cheesesteak before leaving. We didn't really know where to go, as Pat's and Geno's was too far from where we were at the time, so we ended up at Steve's. The sandwich was gooey, cheesy, meaty, greasy deliciousness. The sandwich came out hot, with tons of American cheese oozing around the soft slices of meat on toasty bread. We also added some onions, which was a great combination with the steak. The sandwich did make me worry a little bit about my arteries, but besides that, this is something to try while you're in town if you're not concerned about authenticity. I wouldn't choose to come here often though. Besides food, service here was quick and the inside of the restaurant was clean with lots of open tables at the time that we went!This Place has grown on me. The one in Center City is not bad and considerably shorter of a line than compared to the famous Cheesesteak spots. But I've had some Steve's (they're everywhere) that dish out dry, unappetizing meat.This was my second time eating at Steve's and it fares very well against the other famous cheesesteaks I've had while visiting Philly (Geno's, Tony Luke's, Campo's- still have never made it to Pat's). I normally prefer chopped steak, but the sliced meat at Steve's stays tender and the flavor is great. I find Whiz to be too salty so I go with provolone when I can't get Swiss. Only knocking them down a bit (really should just be half a star) because both times my spicy fries were SUPER salty. I think I'll go with plain fries next time I'm in town.Probably my WORST experience in philadelphia to date...
Here I am 10 years later eating what used to be my "favorite steak". 
After ordering a cheese steak whiz with onions, pepperoni I asked the man at the register (Police walked in to get the guy's name for me -Kyle) if I could have the cheese steak closer to time as I wished to let him know I would be ordering cheese fries. 
I expressed to him my experience at the N East bvld location to say that I received my sandwiches almost 20 minutes after receiving the fries. This guy laughed at me and asked for the next customer.
After ordering the fries I asked the "fry maker" if he would ask if the cooks could make another sandwich as the firs were coming out and he told me he couldn't ask because he was just here to collect a check.
After my sandwich was up I walked over to ask the cashier if he wouldn't mind creating a new sandwich as the fries weren't up yet. The same cashier that laughed at me and began to service a new customer whilst still standing there say to me that I am being redo cultus and that he would NOT make a new sandwich. As my sandwich is sitting on the counter top he takes it away from me, tells me I'm a condescending asshole and looks to his "friends" colleagues and says " now you have no steak to go with your hot fries and proceeds to hand me $9.50. After he put this in my hands he tells me to get the F out of the store before he calls the cops.
I ask this guy what is wrong with my questioning, he laughs and says "who do you think you are?", I respond My name is Joshua Hill. He lets me know I'm a nobody, who cares and repeats my name to his colleagues and lowers his voice to ask me ("I dare you to touch me") "come on" snarky "I will enjoy eating your sandwich.
As I type this I have already called 911 to creat a report of "discrimination".Tasty ! But, where's the beef ? Almost $10 just for a roll and a couple thin slices ?!? Nice that there's no extra charge for basic American or cheese whiz.Pretty typical standard cheesesteak, nothing too complicated. Got a steak with wiz and onions--the steak was sliced a little too thick and was a little over cooked unfortunately. At least they have an array of toppings you can self serve.This place suffers from cockroach infestations.  I was here on a Friday night and saw two live cockroaches on the counter of their grill.  I pointed them out to one of their employees and he just laughed, saying that it wasn't a big deal.  I don't know about you, but I prefer not to have cockroaches on my food.  Unless you are pissed drunk and okay with cockroaches potentially in your food, I would avoid this place.I've had better. Amount of steak was minimal, and was overcooked. The bread though was good. For almost $10.00/sandwich, Steve's should put more meat in it.Went with my 17 year old nephew that eats very well and my picky 12 year old. To be fair by the time we got back to the hotel, the food was cold, but the cheesesteaks were bland, not a lot of meat and tasteless. There were a lot of gnats in the restaurant and the sides were just okay. My nephew liked the spicy fries though.They should cook the bacon on a separate grill than the beef. Not doing so is a bad business practice. This is the reason people of Jewish and Muslim faiths can't eat there. When I asked if they can make my steak on a separate grill they told me to go somewhere else. Terrible place.OK so I don't know if it's "as good as it gets" because I'm not a Philly local so this was my first real philly cheesesteak. I stumbled upon this place from a recommendation from the hotel I was staying at in downtown Center City. A colleague recommended I visit Jim's Steaks on South Street, but after yelping and seeing it was cash only, I didn't know what to do!
I entered through the doors, it was pretty empty (just a few small tables taken) but the guys were so friendly and welcoming. I told them I'd never had a cheesesteak before, so they said "cheez whiz and fried onions!" so that's what I ordered. They were so nice and I felt like my "cheesesteak experience" was well-taken care of. 
The sandwich is about a foot long and filled with real steak that they cook on the grill upon ordering. I grabbed a cup for the hot pickled peppers and some pickles to top my sandwich once I was back in my hotel room, and left so eager and excited (and hungry, needless to say)! 
Plopped myself on the couch in my room and stuffed my face happily! It was really tasty! 
Turns out, this is definitely the place my colleague would've recommended I go had he known of this center city location! Win! I think I'm going again tonight if I don't get another recommendation :)Steves does cheese steak in the slabs of steak method, 12 little slabs here roll.  Add you choice of cheese, onions, etc. and good to go.  Hot, fast, fresh.  Whole counter of add on to customize yourself, pickles, 3 different papers, mayo, ketchup, mustard, whatever you need.  They take credit card and ATM on site.  3 of the local police were eating so it must be OK.  Two window system, window one to order and pay for cheese steak, window two is for drinks and fries.  Good solid choice but not the rock star cheese steak I was looking for.The lines were too long in South Philly so we ended up here. We went here based on other reviews. When we got there we were the only customers, a few more people filtered in while we were there but it was kind of empty.  The person I was with really liked it and said it was really tasty. I tried a bite and had some fries.  For me it was ok, not the best or worst I've had. It was just strips of meat in a row across the roll.  I personally like a lot more meat on a cheesesteak, especially at $9+/-.  For the same money in South Philly you get a lot more for your money. The staff were very nice and there was a good assortment of sides out on the counter. I would not make a special trip here (again) and have to pay for parking to eat here. Could be a little cleaner too -- Lots of food on the floor.The bad, not enough meat on their steaks they want you to get double go with the chicken cheese steak definitely best in the city and it will fill you upI should've never listened to my girlfriend by coming here. While the cheesesteak wasn't that bad, the steak to bread ratio was way off and I found the cheese wiz to be a little too salty. This place gave me a touristy vibe also. Someone said the best cheesesteaks in Philly are in the hood. I will travel to the deepest trench in hell if there's good food involved, so I know where I will be going next time I visit.Steve's Prince of Steaks is a flashy place embedded within the Center City neighborhood. In fact, if you are walking down the street - there's no way to miss it. The place was not too big, and the service was relatively fast, but I felt that the staff was a little curt with my group. They basically load a bun with think slices of meat and there's toppings that you can help yourself too. Compared to other cheesesteaks in the area, I felt like the meat was warm, but lacked flavor. The toppings definitely helped, but I did not have the best experience with this cheesesteak.So visiting from Miami, we decide to eat Philly Cheese steak. At our Hotel, somebody recommended us to go to steve's. So we went and ordered our sandwich and asked for fries and a drink. They said we had to pay it separately at the other window. 1st of all, which business would charge fries separately from sandwiches at a different window in the same location? So then we order a lemonade which taste like water. So we had to change it. The food did not wow me at all. It was nothing to be impressed about. They overload you with greasy fries that can feed 5. Lastly, the 3 guys working were cursing and using the slangs that almost everybody eating can hear them. Definitely would not recommend this place at all.Lived in Philly 3 months.
My ratings go
1. Steve's / Tony Luke's
Need to try both side by side now
2. Jim's
3. Pat's
haven't tried dalessandro's yet.
hear there's some spot in west philly that's supposedly good too.
Steve's uses the filet cut. Has the most convenient location for me (16th near market). Very clean. Chill staff.Clean ans open pretty late. Nice spot to grab a classic cheese steak. Fries and beverages are sold at a separate window.For an authentic Philly cheesesteak, this is the place to go. When you compare to Pat's and Geno's, you get:
-More quality, of both toppings and beef
-More money left in your pocket
-Just as much cheesesteak
-None of the hype
-None of the attitude.
Real South Philly taste, right in the heart of the city. Don't be fooled by the household names; this is where you want to be.Steve's has the best of intentions, but does not execute well.
First of all, the cheesesteak is more of a cheese sandwich.  I don't know if the roll is too large, but the meat to cheese/bread ratio here makes for a rather bland and mediocre sandwich.  It winds up being bready and creamy - not something I'd expect in a cheesesteak.  The lack of meat is staggering.
Next, the seasoning of the cheesesteak is extremely bland.  The meat gets drown out by bread and cheese and any semblance of salt is hard to come by.  Not that a cheesesteak should necessarily be salty, but there should be some seasoning to the sandwich, especially with tomato sauce.  It's alarming how bland it is.
The cheese fries were on the right track, but wound up uninspired.  They seemed to somehow have a thin layer of cheese instead of properly coated as one would expect.
Some people complain about price - and don't get me wrong, it is high - however the fact is that they are in a prime Center City location and operate long hours.  Higher than average prices are to be expected, so I can't hold that against them.
Overall, I've only had good service, it's been clean, the peppers are good, and it has a convenient location as well as hours of operation.  It's just a shame that the cheesesteak has so little meat and is so bland.  That's why this rating is as low as it is.Pretty common, I suppose, for the Philly style of steaks.  Not as good as Pat's, which I prefer, but a nice option for center city, and one that delivers.  I think they cut their steak a little on the thick side, but their steaks are a very good size.  I've never measured them, but they're over a foot long, that's for sure, and maybe even close to 18".  They have a good selection of steak and non-steak items, and if you visit the store on 16th st. it's clean, has good condiments for the steaks, and has a staff that's much more friendly (especially to out of towners) than most of the more traditional South Philly steak places.  If I was going out of my way, Pat's is probably my stop, however this is a good alternative for center city dwellers, and the fact they deliver puts them from three to four stars.I'll admit this was my first cheese steak.  A friend who came with me said it wasn't as greasy as others she'd tried.  We had the whiz with onions.  It was pretty good and large portions.  The bread was soft and seemed fresh.  The cheese fries were good and I like the tubs of peppers and pickles.  The bathroom was pretty gross.What other meal would be appropriate pre-Super Bowl??
Steve's has a pretty good menu if you're not in the mood for a cheesesteak, but are you really jonesin' for a burger when you go to "Prince of Steaks"? Anywho, the steaks are good, the line moves quickly, and don't let the ATMs fool you -- it's not cash only.Not much for atmosphere but they make a great Philly cheese steak.  While I thought it was sacreligious to order with the cheezwiz sauce, it was REALLY GOOD!We came from New York to experience a "Philly cheese steak" - well it was not as we expected. Maybe because we did not get the "whiz" and got provolone, mozzarella and american on our sandwiches. My family ordered 3 phillies and they were not flavorful like the heroes in NYC. The quality of the beef is good, but lacks flavor and is definitely not black Angus beef. My niece's chicken fingers were burnt, but they refunded our money for them. By far the best thing here is fries, lemonade, and tasty condiments such as pickles, banana peppers, etc.Cheese steak was good but the bathrooms were horrible. My wife said the last of the toilet paper was used to soak up the urine on the floor! Are you kidding me? If you can't keep a bathroom clean how can you keep a kitchen clean?Not from philly but with whiz & onions is the way to go. They whiz adds something that is heavenly.... and they have the good ice.This is my favorite cheesesteak in Philly.  I've tried the original near Roosevelt Blvd. and the new one in Center City.  The bread is amazing although the sandwiches are a bit skimpy.  Be warned, a regular cheesesteak with fries and a Coke with tax included is $16.  Pickles and banana peppers are free; so is the ketchup.Visiting from Virginia and walked past this place. No other customers waiting. I tried a Philly with American and mushrooms. Tasteless and very messy to eat. Ever heard of salt and pepper? Very overrated place.Best steaks, since the 70's in the NE!  Nothing more needs to say but the BEST.  Jim's is the best too -- but they are different sandwiches.  None other compare.  I wish they didn't have 'only Pepsi' products -- the only bummerTerrible.  Just like every cheesesteak I ever ate in Philly.  Genos, Pats, Jims, all crap, but probably better than this--OK not Jims--that place gets no stars.  When will I ever get a decent cheesesteak in Philly?  I go to any decent eatery in NY the cheesesteak is better than anything I ever had in Philly.  At Steves, the meat looked like it was decent quality, but it was cooked dry and pretty bland for being so browned.  The fries were crap.  I ate the whole Thing anyway.  And walked out cursing philadelphia and the "cheesesteak capital of the world" BS.This is literally the best cheesesteak ever! Definitely going back there again! Good setup too! 5/5 starsReally good cheesesteak place. And fast! I did not try the fries or anything else on the menu. I had mine with whiz, onions, mushrooms.  Everything was in the right proportions, and the bread was fresh. The place isn't necessarily a location you want to hang out in. I got mine to go. (They don't give you napkins automatically, so make sure you grab some if you are taking to go. You'll need them!)Had a one day trip into the city yesterday and so I had to find a great Cheesesteak. Asked around while I was near the courthouse and was directed to Steve's Prince of. Steaks. We weren't disappointed at all. Staff was friendly and helpful, the steaks were perfectly done, nice soft rolls and great options. 
I tHought the best part of Steve's was the two order window process. First window was just for sandwiches. The second window was for sides and drinks. Paying with a card meant two transactions but in the long run I thought it was better. As soon as you sandwich order was taken it was on the grill thus ensuring a sandwich that was done quickly and still hot when handed to you. And the steak is not chopped into little bits, just a nice tasty steak. 
Well done Steve's. Next time I am back I town I know where I will be stopping. To bad you don't have a location in the Orlando area.I grew up on Steve's steaks on Cottman Ave..  Then they had that location on the Roosevelt Boulevard.
This place is around the corner from work, so I head there on occasion.
The good:
* fries
* everything's made to order (it's a steak place!  Not subway)
The bad:
* the steak hoagie seems to be less flavorful than it used to be
* cheap steak (or competitors are using better steak)
I feel like Steve's formula isn't quite working given the market/demographics in Center City (I think he can tell too -- note the sign out front that promises things like "salads" -- at Steve's, can you believe it???)
My order is a steak hoagie.
When I would order it in the Northeast, it would be juicy, and tasty.
However, it feels like Steve is skimping on steak.  Maybe not deliberately -- maybe his suppliers are giving him worse steak than they used to, with all the changes in agribusiness and all.
But I just felt that the steak was stringier and drier than I remember.
Also, I have been spoiled by better steak places -- like the former Rick's at Reading Terminal was great.  And, there are a number of Brisket places, that will give you a delicious, slow-cooked Brisket sandwich (some even served Philly steak style), which blows tough steak out of the water.  (See my review of Bubby's Brisket & Bugsy's Weiners or Paesano's in Northern Liberties).
So, here is what could be done to improve:
1. Better cut of steak.  Charge more, that's fine!  But we have food trucks serving hand burgers out of rib eye steak (Spot Burger, I believe).
2. Better ordering system -- why do I have to go over to another place to order fries and a drink?  And sign another credit card slip?  This might have made sense back in the day, but now it does not.
3. More creative menu items
Other suggestions:
When you eat in, the fries and steak are served "unwrapped" so they cool quickly.  I would prefer if the fries were in a larger cup / container so that they stayed warmer, and that the steak was wrapped.  Maybe I'm a slow eater, but by the time I get to the second part of the steak, it's getting cold.Recommended by Philly's Finest when I asked what's a good cheesesteak place.
It reminded me of Johnny Rockets but the Cheesteak version.
The menu is on two screens when you walk in. One for "food" and the other one for drinks and sides. 
You order on the side that you see the screen and they call you for pick-up afterwards.
The chairs and tables aren't the best, but you come here for a quick bite and leave.
At least they have a bathroom.Here's a title I don't give lightly: worst cheesesteak in Philadelphia. The staff was incredibly rude and you could tell how dirty the place was. I could deal with that if the steak was good. However, it was the worst thing I've ever had. The roll was stale, the meat was tough and still stuck in my teeth as I'm writing this. I wouldn't be anywhere near as angry as I am now if I didn't blow $10 on this thing. 
Tourists - avoid at all costs. Locals - don't make the same mistake I did thinking "it will do." It won't.Good, but not good enough to go back. Especially given how little meat there was. The bread was good though too. The interior decor left a lot too be desired. Which I wouldn't have had to endure as much if they'd packaged my sandwich to go like I asked.Feel awfully cheated out of $9 for a high school cafeteria quality cheesesteak! The staff was giving off a paranoid vibe for some reason.What's the first thing you do upon landing in Philadelphia?  Get a cheese steak!  And that's exactly what my friend and I did. 
We decided to check out Steve's for our first ever steak.  Holy. Moly.  This food was incredible.  We ordered "one Whiz with" and split it, along with an order of fries.  As we knew we had big dinner reservations later, splitting this meal was perfect. 
The sandwich was amazing.  Drippy, delicious cheese, and perfectly cooked steak.  I could have eaten 5 of them, it was so good.  Sigh....
The service was incredibly friendly and efficient.  It's a well-oiled machine at Steve's and it works. 
Do not miss out on this spot--you'll be so happy you checked it out!The service was fine but I think they get their meat from an old leather shoe that is sliced up in a meat-like fashion. 
     Their meat was so dry we had to pour chili juice on it to make it edible. The bread was soft but doing that to cheesesteak meat? That's a crime.Thin slices of steak, but not chopped finely after that. Compared to other cheesesteaks around the Philadelphia area, there was noticeably less meat. That said, it does taste good, although it's not my favorite cheesesteak in Philadelphia. You are given a number of different options and toppings, and they expect you to know what you want by the time you get up to the counter. I ordered the usual grilled onions and added provolone to mine (I think Cheez Whiz sucks, and wanted to try something other than white American cheese). The thing about the Cheez Whiz, though, is that it would be less dry than provolone, as it was a bit dry, something that I have not experienced with other cheesesteaks with provolone or white American cheese. That said, you could order other toppings, such as banana peppers, sweet peppers, chiles, or whatever, or put hot sauce on this. I wanted to order something that was similar to other cheesesteaks for a closer comparison.
The fries were good and hot and tasty. 
The customer service is hurried and very matter-of-fact and efficient, and the place, as you would expect, is busy and very casual, with very light metal chairs that you can lift with a couple of fingers but seem sturdy. You order sandwiches/food on the right window and drinks on the left, and there's a sign that tells you how to order when you get up there, which they seem to expect. They then call your name from the right window when your sandwich is ready.Welcome to Philadelphia!  This was the first stop on our 3 day stay in Philadelphia...I'm really glad we stopped!  It was freaking great!  I ordered a cheesesteak with whiz and onions and my buddy got one with provolone and hot peppers.  We shared some fries and got some sodas.  Good times!
The bread they use is awesome.  Its like a long torpedo roll (non Amoroso)  and its a perfect vehicle to help stuff that steak, cheese and onions into your belly.  They also use slices of steak here instead of chopped up steak.  Every single bite had bread, pieces of steak, fried onions and hot molten cheese.  It was a winner!  A tad salty though and thats the only semi bad thing about it. (I got the dried out puffy lips type salt effects...ha!).  The steak was awesome though!  Fries were good and they serve Coke products which always gets bonus points in my book!  
This was a great first steak in Philadelphia!  I cant wait to eat many more!  Hopefully they will be as close to as great as this one was!Hands down the best cheesesteak that I've ever had! Unlike most Philly cheesesteak restaurants that serve chopped steak in their sandwiches, Steve's serves sliced beef and it made all the difference! The staff was pleasant and I will definitely return!I absolutely love there steaks wit wiz.The only problem is that they can be cheap with the cheese I always have the problem of paying for extra cheese and when I get home my steak is dryer then a dessert same with the onion I ask for onions and they tend to forget them to and to me it's a big deal when I come from work at 2:30am  to get home with my order wrongYummy cheesesteaks. I gave 4 stars because it's not out of this world but a good standard cheesesteak. That's why they are so popular because you get a classic cheesesteak.This is my favorite place for a cheesesteak in the city!  What makes it stand out?   
Most importantly, the steak is thinly sliced (quality meat), not that chopped up unidentifiable stuff served at places like Pat's and Geno's.  The steak alone makes this place special.  Yes, it's still a dive like other cheesesteak places, but it makes one hell of a good cheesesteak!!!!
Of course, they have the usual options for cheese (wiz, American, provolone), and with (wit) or without onions.  I get mine with provolone (just not a wiz kinda girl), wit onions, and then add extras like mushrooms, and hot peppers.  I like the ability to add hot peppers and mushrooms to the steak while it's cooking, but they also have a good "condiments bar," which allows you to add extra hot peppers, sweet peppers, thinly sliced pickles, ketchup, and relishes to your sandwich on your own (if you want). That's is a nice touch. I like the thin sliced pickles on the side, and sometimes add extra peppers. Finally, they have good fries, cheesy smothered fries, and onion rings. 
Hands down: The best Cheese Steak in Northeast Philly!Growing up in Philadelphia, the cheesesteak capital of the world,  I always found it strange that I didn't love the cheesesteak as much as the next diehard Philadelphian. I mean it's just bread, meat, and cheese whiz and in my case some fried onions too. 
The food was fresh and prepared quickly and the best part was that you didn't feel like you are being herded like cattle lining up at the slaughterhouse when you ordered *cough* pats & genos *cough* 
The sandwich was good and the meat slices were a nice change from the usual chopped meats cheesesteaks. But for 7.95 plus tax, the sandwich was a little smaller than I expected. I took one look at my cheesesteak and knew I had to order some fries at the window on the other end of the store.
I decided to order the "spicy" fries since I didn't try that before. The spicy fries weren't as good as I hoped. The fries were seriously salty, and the mix they poured over the fries tasted like instant ramen mix combined with a crapload of Morton's salt. 
four star for the steak, two star for the fries so 3 stars.Hands down the best cheesesteak in the entire city. Not much else to say it's simple it's amazingBest cheese steak hands down in all of Philly period. No equal in fresh soft tasty roll, original cheese whiz and a hearty portion of steak meat make this the lead favorite for so many loyal fans of this great fast fix for lunch or dinner. The staff moves at a break neck pace to serve customers quickly and efficiently.Hands down the best steak in Philadelphia. No frills here just prompt service and great cheesesteaks. I will be a loyal subject for life.Let the tourists go to Pat's and Geno's, both of whom have had their run and have ceased to serve anything good for probably longer than I've been alive. 
Steve's is where it's at. For starters, they don't use that scrambled meat that the majority of cheesesteak places uses, rather they have thin strips of well marbled beef. Sometimes, you can see them bring it out of the fridge and slice it up prior to throwing on the grill. Secondly, Steve's doesn't just slap cheese slices or drizzle the Whiz out of the can onto your steak, they keep melted American cheese and the Whiz in metal pots that are kept warm. Trust me, this makes the cheese taste better. 
Right in front of the grizzle they got acceptable condiments to put on cheesesteaks. I prefer the dry roasted chili peppers myself. If you ask for lettuce, tomatoes, mayonnaise, etc. you are basically spitting on Ben Franklin's grave, so don't do it. 
Steaks are pretty pricey, and they've risen in price since I've been going there, but unless they are $100 a pop, they are still worth every penny. 
As a bonus, if you order a flavored soda, such as Cherry Coke for example, they won't give you a Cherry Coca-Cola but a Coke flavored with real cherry syrup just like they used to do waaay back in the day. 
No matter how busy this place gets, and believe me, it gets busy, service is always fast. They have ninjas on crack in front of that grill making steaks fast. 
The only downside is it is located in the NE where there generally is nothing. 
Come up and try it and you'll see. You'll probably drive all the way across town to get one of these. If you disagree, then you're a silly goose! OK, if you want something "official", Steve's has been Zagat rated several years in a row as superior.  
Growing up nearby and having frequented Steve's since I was a punk kid I am quite proud to know that the neighborhood cheesesteak joint has become so popular that people make the drive from VA, and NY to get one. I am proud to read that when people from the left coast have business in Philly, they make it a point to get a steak from Steve's. Thanks Yelp for making the stories available. Now you know how far Steve's kingdom stretches. 
The time has long past for Steve's to rise from prince to the true KING of steaks. We, the loyal subjects of the true king of steaks kneel before your majesty!This is by far my favorite cheesesteak place in all of Philadelphia.
Order a whiz wit and you get a huge, beautiful, drippy, cheesey steak.  The bread is of course always fresh, just the right amount of cheese and there is something a little special about the steak that makes the taste better than the rest.
The service is per typical cheesesteak place in Philly but I always find the guys behind the counter willing to crack a joke and chat it up which is usually refreshing.Been going to Steves off and on for no less then 20 years.. It always impresses me. Pats/Genos are full of fat and gristle. Steves is similar but a better quality of meat. I have to say the best steak I have ever had..The second my plane touched down in Philly, I prepared myself to go on a quest for the best Philly cheesesteak.  Not really knowing where to go, I tried Pat's.  I thought "what a great cheesesteak".  I told my cousin the next day and he insisted to take me to "THEEE BEST" cheesesteak in town, Steve's.  He ordered for me.  He looked more excited than I was.  When he handed me my humongous sandwich I noticed he ordered it with whiz.  Yes, CHEESE WHIZ!  OH YEAH! I unwrapped and devoured that baby in minutes.  Steve's cheesesteak was BOMB DIGGITY!  I can't wait to go back! 
Although the cheesesteaks here in SF aren't as good as Steve's, now I only order cheesesteaks with chesse whiz.  It ain't the same without it.There are really two styles of Philly cheesesteaks, slices of meat , or finely chopped steak.   I prefer finely chopped which is why I think Dalessandros is the best in the city.  Jim's at 4th and south (not Roosvelt Mall !!) is a strong second.  For the sliced meat steaks Steve's is one of the best.  Have to eat it there though because it sucks cold.  
There fries are some of the best in the city too.  Nice and crispBest Steak Sandwich and Cheese fries on the Planet.  no debate.  Wash it down with a fountain cherry soda and your home.  The guys across all the locations are all great.This is a good steak sandwich.......with a good roll, onion and wiz......they taste even better after midnight......Steve has done a great job building his empire in NE Philly........Overall a great experience. The service was fast and the staff made it a point to provide speedy service. I got a cheesesteak with cheese wiz and an order of cheese fries. The steak was great, with enough wiz and beef. The roll also tasted very good. The fries were a bit dry and could use improvement though. I also had the chocolate soda which was good to try, and it was definitely worth it. Great place!!This cheesesteak turned a Philadelphia native back onto cheeseteaks despite being 15 years older with a matching metabolism.
Seriously, I hadn't had a cheeseteak in a solid ten years until I saw my boyfriend buy and attempt to scarf one of these down in front of me. 
Not without giving me a piece! 
Now, I'm hooked.We recently went on a "tour" of the philly steak joints and this one woefully came up short.  Each has it's own style but I'll go Dalessandros or Jims any day.There steaks are greasy as hell but damn are they good!!! They have a pepper bar with pickles peppers ect. There are a couple locations in Phila. and one i know of in langhorne. Good stuff!!Great steaks and quick service. I really miss this place since I moved to Rhode IslandNot a local or a philly cheese steak expert but this was a delicious steak sandwich. And Not greasy. I was the annoying visitor that didnt know the lingo and took too long ordering but oh well! Loved the spicy fries, would go back just for that!I really liked how the staff wasn't rude when I asked questions about items on the menu. The cheesesteak I had was delicious! It had the right amount of cheese and meat. I will be back for sure!I can't believe I'm saying this.... I'm still kind of in denial. I... like.... cheesesteaks. I'm debating giving it 4 stars vs. 5 but, man, I was SO sure I wasn't going to like it, I gotta give them props. I was just trying it to be able to say, yes, I've eaten a philly cheesesteak. I had Pat's/Geno's in the past, I don't remember which, and didn't like it. I asked the locals where to go, and Steve's was one of the places they mentioned. We went after dinner and got one cheesesteak, and I actually said I think we could've finished two.In my opinion, the best cheesesteak in Philly and I've lived there for 20 years.Cheesesteak with wiz mushrooms and WITH. The bread is amazing the beef is high quality and the spicy fries are amazing! My only complaint is that there's not a lot of meat. You could order double meat but I shouldn't have to. Although, I will be coming back.I had the double steak with cheese and the wife and the chicken sandwich. The sandwiches were great but the fries were a huge letdown. Next time we go back, we're definitely going to pass on the fries. 
I'm surprised at how clean they keep their restaurant. Kudos to them.When I lived here around the corner of this place back in the 90s, I remembered coming here all the time for their wonderful cheese steak hoagies.  Back then, I always thought it was a regular neighborhood joint.  But, fast forward to now, it's still going strong with their incredible menu offering as I came back here to visit some friends.
My favorite is their pizza steak.  Very yummy!  My 5 star rating is based on the fact that it is CONSISTENTLY offering quality meats that stood the test of time.  They also offer unlimited pickles and hot peppers to accompany your sandwich.  
I agree with most of the reviewers here:  Much more superior to those of Pat's and Geno's.  These guys are just overhyped in South Philly with their nationwide coverage on the food network.  In a weird way, it keeps Steve's Prince of Steaks honest and real for the next 20 years.Delicious!!!! Awesome take it from us we've tried every single cheesesteak place in Philly and in NYC and Steve's is the BEST! We've been to several of their locations, but they are consistent it was great!  Cheese fries to die for!So, let me start by explaining to you, the reader, the back story:
Every summer road trip, as my very good friend BB and I make the Sunday evening trek home from the Jersey shore, we reach a point in the give-or-take 2 hour trip when we will turn to one another and ask the inevitable question: "Tour de Boulevard - yay or nay?"
The answer, my friends, is always "yay".
Now, let me explain to you the 'Tour de Boulevard".  It means a take-out order of Chickies and Pete's crab fries (Roosevelt Blvd, hence "Boulevard" aren't we so clever?!) , followed by Steve's Steaks, curbside.  Everything else you have heard about legendary cheesesteakes in Philadelphia? Fagettaboutit.  This is the truest essence of the city's finest.
I can't precisely put into words what makes the bottom line difference, but these steaks are insatiable. Simply put..simply the best. Once you go Steve's, you never go back.Great food, great guys, fun environment. On my trip to Philly, in search of a cheesesteak, I felt like the search was over when we came across this spot!! Great Cheesesteaks and other options.
I definitely recommend this place!There steaks are ok pretty much just like genos which is really not that good. Steves is better than genos but the best in town would have to be Tony lukes. Steves has a good system for ordering but that's about it.Always had a good experience coming here . Quick and delicious . However , I'm almost convinced the put less meat on the sandwich if you get it to "go" instead of eating in . If that's the case , not cool . But I can't confirm or deny that .This place is great we had take out and it was still hot and juicy when we got to the house.  I seen the cheese fries too wow.  I got the steak and peppers delicious.There's two types of steaks: chopped meat and sliced meat. Steve's is king of sliced meat, hands down. It's cooked slowly too so the meat is VERY tender (unlike Pats and Genos, who's sliced meat is like rubber.) 
Location is tough, but if you have a car it's not too hard to get to.
Best part, BY FAR, is they have american cheese whiz!!!! Same stuff they put on crab fries at Chickies and Petes. Ingenious. Nobel-prize worthy really. Every cheesesteak stand needs to adopt this, and every cheesesteak fan needs to try this. It's my favorite cheese option on a steak after sharp provy.
A great steak, worth the trip.Best cheese steak in the city hands down! I lived less than a block from the og st Vincent spot from 1993-2004 and think this is the best. Pats and genos are a tourist location nothing more. From the bread meat and cheese everything is done to perfection. Also the staff is very friendly and efficient. I'm glad steves is expanding. I like their center city location as well as comly. I tried a location in yardley or langhorne somewhere up there and that was disappointing. But the first 3 locations do things rightSteve's steaks is definitely my favorite spot after a night out, but you can quickly spend $30 on 1 cheese steak French fries and a soda. Which is expensive for a cheesesteak if you ask me.Philly local suggested  for quick, tasty & filling food!
Ordered plain steak w onion,had mustard, peppers -dry + banana,  pickles.It was done under 3 minutes. Condiment choices are huge.Stil, without a doubt, the BEST steak in the city.  The service is fast and friendly, and the sandwiches are consistently amazing.  The love and care put into the construction of each steak is obvious.
I dream of Steve's.Delicious cheesesteak. It seemed pretty lean (in a good way), true to the sign in the store that says they hand-cut their meat to trim the fat.
This is how delicious their cheesesteak + cheese whiz is: my sis, who was determined not to like Philly cheesesteaks, took one bite & fell in love.  She is a picky eater & doesn't even eat much meat, but Steve's had her hooked. BOOM. Fin.Hands down, this is THE best cheesesteak! I offer this steak to all my visiting friends (so far, Texas, Canada, Korea). They all are craving for more! Some of them even are seeing the steak in their dreams:) From the day I tried this steak all chopped steaks feel second-grade. I'm surprised people who tried it in a newly opened center city location can even start the argument about the chopped steak. All those one and two star reviewers had their wallets offended. Yes, $9 steak is expensive but it doesn't make the steak any worse! If it's too expensive, go and eat that cheap chopped $4 steak from a truck.My number one cheesesteak in Philadelphia. Pat's and Geno's are landmarks, Jim's is pretty weak in my opinion, everyone else makes one, but Steves "POS" does it right. I love they have the melted american cheese for fries, or as some call it 'american wiz'. They use thinly sliced steak and it is not just a piled of chopped steak like you'd see at the other famous spots. I am getting hungry thinking about itNever the judge or a juror , just a foodie  actually a 3 1/2 rating.Now we start talking Cheesesteak. We went to 6 different spots to take the cheesesteak challenge, and this sandwich was along the lines of a taste of Philly, though not as popular as Pat's and Gippo's ,I mean Geno's, it was better than the both , this will help you if you trust our experience. On the BREAD, MEAT, CHEESE and TOPPINGS, OVERALL SANDWICH, scale, they rank well in all of the categories. BREAD: fresh with a good texture, and it absorbed the juices and flavors well, scale 1-5 it was a 4. MEAT: though the meat had a nice  taste, the portion of the meat was somewhat an issue, it was flat slices of meat, that wasn't a good ratio in the sandwich, considering cheese and toppings on the 1-5 scale a 3.75...that brings us to CHEESE and TOPPINGS: the onions had a good grilled taste like a Philly should, instead of a steamed texture and flavor, and the cheese whiz was well portioned in the sandwich and flavored differently because of the harder grilled taste on the 1-5 scale it was a 3.75. The OVERALL SANDWICH: considering the combination of every aspect of the sandwiches juicy goodness, grilled taste, and all around efforts to please by the venue on the 1-5  scale it was a 4. The 3 of us thought wow... the new wave of cheesesteaks are better the the dinosaurs of cheesesteaks, we're not sure how long they've been open but increase the meat and this spot is the iceberg to the titanics called  Pat's and  Geno's, possibly  many others as well.Amazing.. had the whiz with peppers and mushrooms.. Outstanding. Not too greasy, flavorful thinly sliced (not chopped) steak. Excellent bread has a great bite to it which is great because these sandwiches are stuffed.. Plenty of places to sit ...  I always thought Pat's was good. Then I tried Steve's and my cheesesteak world was turned permanently upside down. This is my new go-to when i'm in Philly.Always great. My daughter is Gluten free they always make her a cheesesteak and use our bread Great PlaceOne of the best cheesesteak joints in the city. Quality meat (thinly sliced); great roll. Nice selection of condiments- excellent pickles and whole cherry peppers. Prov wit will set you back $8.77
I go here when I don't feel like making the trek to Chinks, err I mean Joes.AMAZINGLY DELICIOUS cheese steaks. Small place but comfy and fast. Love it.I know the Northeast is not cool, but I'll say it: Steve's Prince of Steaks is the best steak in Philly.  And everyone who knows this place, except for Jon L here, seems to agree.
The meat is not chopped; it is strips of hand cut, lean beef.  As a result, the steaks here are much less greasy than other places (but they still have enough grease to be delicious).  They also bake their own bread here, and it is very good.
They have whiz, of course, but the American here is unique: it is a sauce much like the whiz, but feels less artificial.  The secret to a proper Steve's order is "both cheeses wit."  They will ladle on both the orange wiz and yellow American.  
Eating a Steve's is really a sublime experience.  The first couple of bites are not anything too special.  But as you eat the steak, the two colors of cheese start to mingle with the grease.  It all collects in the crease and back corner of the bread.  Each bite becomes progressively more delicious as the flavors mingle.  By the end, you almost in a trance; your mouth just moves itself.  Cheesesteak nirvana.
I've taken out of towner's here, and they have not been especially impressed.  This is a place for the cheesesteak connoisseur , someone who has already had the crappy, average, and good steaks in town and can really appreciate the delicacy that is the Philly cheesesteak.
Side note: they have two locations-- the Bustleton Ave location here and on Comly right off the Boulevard.In a city ruled by 3 things....pretzels, water ice, and cheesesteaks....philadelphia has an easy two hundred cheesesteak joints in its borders. The more well k own are obviously Gino's, pat's  and Tony Luke's. All three are over priced, over hyped and well....too much of a hassle to deal with. Steve's is a welcome change from those others. They have regular steaks, chicken cheesesteaks, burgers, fries, anything fried, grilled and generally unhealthy to eat on a daily basis is there. And it's amazing. The cheese on the steaks is melted perfectly, so every bite is gooey and yummy. Prices aren't that bad either, considering you always leave full. Hands down the best cheesesteak in philly. You should definitely check them out and put those others away. The sign may say prince of steaks....but they really are kingsI don't eat cheesesteaks from anywhere else but steves.  Cheesesteak with white american cheese, fried onion and mushrooms.. soo good, The cheese oozes out. And its open late.Forget Pat's and Geno's.... Steve's Prince of Steaks is one of the top and quite possibly the best cheesesteaks in the city.  Steve's combines a perfect roll, great tasting steak  and Wiz to make my all time favorite cheesesteak spot.  
Roll:10.0 (Crispy on the outside and soft and chewy on the inside)
Steak: 9.5 (Beef slices are used here; they do not dice the meat up.  They also give you enough to have the perfect steak to roll combination)Best cheese steak possibly anywhere (as I'm sure most reviews of steak places also say .... )  OK, here is what really separates steves from a lot of other places:
1.  The steak is cut trimmed slabs, not that chopped up stuff which is from an inferior cut of meat and just not as tasty
2.  3 words; MELTED AMERICAN CHEESE  every other place I've been to has slices of american rather than melted which is just not right .....
There are a lot of places almost as good but no other place I've ever been (which is probably about 90% of the places anywhere around philly in my lifetime) is as good as the prince. period.While I don't believe in the whole Philly cheesesteak phenomenon, I still know I have to try them. I have been here a few times and still have yet to be blown away. If your looking for a basic cheesesteak they do a great job, they offer the classic philly style. I just feel the meat is bland, onions undercooked and bread a little stale. The first time I went here they actually had to close because they dumped a pot on the floor. If you are in the area this is a good place for food, but don't seek it out as a foodie destinationOn my way back from visiting Washington DC, I knew I would be passing by Philadelphia along the way to NYC.  This was a great opportunity to try Philly's famous cheese steaks at it's own home turf.  Before my trip, I did some research on where I was going to eat.  Originally I was thinking of going to the two most famous ones of them all, the two originators of the cheese steaks, Pat's King of Steaks and Geno's.  After reading some pretty bad reviews about them on Yelp, with a few from some trusted Yelper friends saying it's all just a tourist trap these days, I expanded my search elsewhere.  I really wanted to get it right since I had time for only one meal here while driving back.
Among my finds were articles of this place called  John's Roast Pork   http://www.yelp.com/biz/johns-roast-pork-philadelphia which was getting pretty positive press with multiple awards throughout Philly and great reviews on Yelp.  Sadly, this place was a no go for me because they are only open from Monday to Friday and they close shop by 3PM.  There was no way I could get there during their crazy limited opening hours.  
Thus the search continues.... 
Eventually I ended with a small little chain named Steve's Prince of Steaks.  I happily could confirm that Yelp haven't steered me wrong.  This is a great cheese steak.  The bun is nicely soft and is much better then most of the thicker cheese steak bread used in most places in NYC. The beef steak was thicker cut, meaty and juicy.  I had mine with american cheese and tasted my friend's version with cheese whiz and they were both great.  The whiz is more salty and intensely flavored while the american have a softer, creamier note to the cheese.  We also had ours with grilled mushrooms added for 75 cents more. Grilled onions are free but you would have to tell them to add it on. The whole sandwich works well as a whole.
There is a condiment station by the side of the ordering window where they have free toppings such as whole cherry peppers, hot sauce, pickles, etc.
I also ordered the hot and spicy fries. I prefer a slightly thinner cut but that doesn't diminish the fact that these fries was more then decent. The slight spiciness comes from a seasoning that they sprinkled all over and reminds me of Old Bay.  Nice crispy texture to the outer layer of the fries while retaining a moist center.  
I have now tasted a real cheese steak and it was certainly better then what we have in NYC (although a few are pretty close).  Luckily Philly is a mere 2 hours drive when I want cheese steaks of this caliber.  Yeah.. only two hours.  Not too bad.... sigh.Yummmm.
Visiting family and of course I had to get my cheesesteak fix. I found this place online with a lot of people claiming Steve's is the best cheessteak in Philly. So we ventured up to NE Philly to judge for ourselves. If you are not familiar with this area, it is not touristy at all, just a regular neighborhood. I did not feel unsafe, but you might if you are not used to this atmosphere. There is no lot, you have to park on a side street.
I ordered wiz with onions. The cheesesteak was appropriately sized for 9 bucks. The meat is chopped, not a huge amount but enough. The bread was yummy. I can understand why reviewers say this is the best in Philly, but I did not personally think so. I would definitely be back again if I lived in the area.My go to place for a cheese steak sandwich in Philadelphia, especially in the NE. (If I'm in South Philly, I go to Pat's.)
Can't go wrong at Steve's... (would only think about hitting up Jim's down the street if Steve's had closed already).I went here after my joyous trip to Circuit City(*insert heavy sarcasm*). 
Parking was pretty tight, but I managed to find something about block and a half away. In some ways, the interior reminded me of the exterior of Tony Luke's, albeit cleaner. The ordering setup is a little different. One window is for ordering cheesesteaks only and one is for fries and drink. It's annoying but it works. Oh yeah and they only take cash, but at least they have an ATM on site.
I ordered a cheesesteak with wiz and onions, along with fries and a cherry soda. The soda and fries came out first so I noshed on those while I waited for my steak. The fries were good, albeit a little crunchy. But the cheese softened them up and make for a tasty pre steak treat. The cherry soda was also pretty good, though I wouldn't say its the best I've every had. 
Somehow some guy who was at least an order behind me got his three cheesesteaks to go before either me or the middle aged gentleman who ordered before me. So that was a little irksome. The cheesesteak finally came out and man was it good. The onions were cooked perfectly and the steak was so so so much better than that crap served at Rick's in Reading Terminal. Now I"m not an official member of the cheesesteak cognoscenti, but I liked the steak the way it was, in slices. I suppose I'll have to try Dalessandro's chopped to make a fair comparison though. 
All in all, the best part of a crappy, rainy day. It was worth the drive just for Steve's alone.Best cheesesteaks in philly! A tad pricey but its so delicious its worth the 8.50. So good. I'm not a wiz fan so I usually get American cheese. All the condiments are great. Love the picklesI had a Steve's cheesesteak before and it was delicious.  However, I like my steak chopped up a bit which is no big deal.  So I went there today, ordered and asked the guy to chop the meat and.... that was it.  The steak Nazi said "We NEVER chop our meat".  And that was that.  What do they care - they're still getting business not to mention that it's none of their business.  What ever happened to 'the customer's always right'.  A little overboard with the rules I would say.This place is great , service is good and the food is delicious . My kids ask to stop by today . Great place for a cheese steak .I declare this the best steak Philadelphia has to offer. The Steve's steaks units always seem very clean, organized, and to the damn point. There is a good sense of professionalism here, by way of very good service and clean interior space. I absolutely love these steaks, man. This was the first time I encountered melted american cheese drizzled on my steak, like the traditional cheese wiz, but better. The steak isn't chopped finely, well at all, it is left in its large rectangled form, about 3 or 4 stacked steaks and then the cheese is laid on, any you choose. Bottom line, very tasty and organized place to eat at, I call it the best cheesesteak in Philly.I recently decided that I'm on a mission to try every cheesesteak I come across in Philly, and this weekend I saw this place on the side of the road so I pulled over!
I think this is the holy grail of cheesesteak. You can tell that this place gets a lot of local customers, they had a line of people who all knew exactly what to order.
Steak - Wiz and Onions! This is a really good combination, all hot and melted together. I can see myself eating here alot. Definitely one of the best I've had so far.Steve's Prince of Steaks. . . 
Way better than a pizza-shop-steak, and way better than the touristy Geno's... However, I now judge all cheesesteaks against CHINK's on Torresdale Ave. -and Steve's Steaks just no longer stacks up in my mind...Not as good as they used to be - Rolls are shorter, and seemingly not as fresh... steaks are chewier/fattier... and I think everytime I go I am charged a different price for my standard Both Cheeses Without (Wiz & American) ... the spicy cheese fries are AMAZING.  
A good steak-experience if CHINK's is not open (and since CHINK's closes at 8pm - sometimes its Steve's or nothing - and its still a hell of a dinner/late-night option)This is the best cheesesteak in Philly. No question. Classic favorite: Cheesesteak with Fried Onions and American. The rolls are always so fluffy and fresh, and they usually give a generous amount of cheese. The beef medallions are the key. Perfectly seasonsed and cooked to create the best steak in town.
Feeling adventurous?? My secret order: Whiz, Onions, Roasted Long Hot Peppers, Pizza Sauce. Flavor overload, but if your tastebuds can take it, try it.Forget the tourist traps that are Pat's and Geno's. Steve's has the best steaks in Philly. Grew up eating them and it's the first thing I eat every time I come home to visit. I have dreams about the melted American cheese, whiz fries, and chocolate soda. Zero complaints about this place.Visit July 14, 2014.  Just great.  Had a "wiz with".  And some cherry peppers.  Was in heavenI didn't realize just how much I loved Steve's until I described it to an out-of-town visitor while at another, more touristy cheesesteak joint on South St.
"Well, for one, there's the torpedo roll. It's a great size. And the steak is good, and not chopped, but not dry and gristly like at Geno's...and the cheese, oh the cheese! They have MELTED white American cheese. Like, liquid. OMG."
It went a little something like that. I didn't even get to mention the delicious cheesefries that require a fork to eat. And if you know me, you know good cheesefries usually don't go unmentioned. Well done, Steve's. You are worth the trip.If I am getting a cheesesteak, I am going to Steve's. I like to make my reviews a bit more lengthy and detailed if possible, but all that has to be said is if you eat steak, and haven't tried Steve's Prince, you NEED to.They are good at what they do I just like more chopped steak than the slabs.... but they are goodBest steak in the 
city...dont go for the atmosphere, its run down a bit, but always the best steak...very consistently goodIt was good, but I hoped the 'Philly steak' would have been juicier. It seemed as dry as the bread. The toppings were good. I got my hopes up a bit here.Best steaks in the city... Gotta double up - I can't eat just one & make sure you get an order of hot & spicy fries to go with them!!!Simple, affordable & tasty.  You can't go wrong when grabbing a steak at Steve's.  They make all their steaks as you order and turn them out quickly.  
Prov wit $8.75Steve's has the typical layout. One window for ordering cheesesteaks and other sandwiches off the grill. Second window for drinks and sides like fries. 
As for the cheesesteak, you get sliced, intact steaks on one of the better hoagie rolls. Slightly crispy on the outside that has a nice crunch but not so hard to hurt the roof of your mouth. The inside is soft and perfectly chewy without getting wet from the cheese or the steak. The steak itself was flavorful and well cooked. I just wished there was more than a few overlapping slices of them. That being said, I was fairly full from finishing the one whole cheesesteak. I can see why Steve's are up there for cheesesteaks in Philly.Way back in 1982 I was coming home from a date and passed Steve's Steaks.  I believe it just opened. Shortly thereafter I would drop my date of 15 minutes early and I would save $3.35 so I could grab a steak on the way home and still get there by curfew. I still remember her standing there asking why I could not stay at her place just a few minutes more ....
Then, in 1986, I led 6 carloads on a 90 mile road trip from college just to eat steak sandwiches on a Friday night.
In 1992 I moved 55 miles north and now look for any excuse to make it to Steve's. If I am coming down 95 from NY to DC, I'll go the 40 miles extra to divert to Steve's. If I leave PHL airport, and I have an extra hour, I'll run up to the northeast for one these great sandwiches.  
The sliced rib meat is always fresh, sliced at the right thickness and cooked until juicy.  The rolls collapse under pressure and yet never get too sort or soggy.  The jars of peppers, pickles and sauce are the perfect compliment.  Whiz wit is my preference but try "pizza, whiz wit" for a real taste explosion.
My only disappointment is the fries.  They're good but come from a bag.  Fries made from fresh potatoes would make an awesome meal even better.Good food and good environment but the neighborhood is a little different. Would recommend the food was good. The shakes are handmade and amazingOkay! So my bf is from philly and him and his friends will always rave about their favorite childhood cheese steak place. He had to take me here after a long morning of site seeing and touristy stuff. I had to get this steak they all have been raving about. 
Parking: private lot east.
Service: quick, order at the front and cash only!
Food: got these enormous hot fresh crunchy fries and added pepper. got one cheese steak with american cheese and half with onions. I added hot peppers on my side (it was so big we just halfed one). The steak was large slices versus all chopped up. I like it that way. Not any condiments and the cheese and hot peppers made it delish.
Want to try again! and of course compare to other steaksIt's no Pats but still pretty good for cheese steak and wiz fries. 
Also probably one of the most expensive cheese steaks in the area.Definitely my go to place for a Philly cheese steak! The only minor complaint I have would be that the fries are always too well done and if I have to hate something more than anything when it comes to my food it would definitely have to be too well done of fries. Other than that, the steak sandwiches are DELICIOUS! American chsstk hoagie without please and thank you!!Sweet Jesus, I wanted to take up residency at Steve's.  While on our 24-hours in Philly, we felt compelled to grab a cheesesteak (cue up the "Eye of the Tiger") to make our trip complete.  Based on the recommendation from a friend of ours, he told us to go to Steve's as we didn't want to end up in a tourist trap like Pat's or Geno's.  And we did.  Be forewarned that Steve's is not exactly in downtown Philly; in fact, it was quite of a drive (through a somewhat sketchy area, but we've seen worse in Boston) to the original location in Northeast Philly.  But you won't be disappointed.  No wonder why it is considered one of the best kept secrets of Philly.
The cheesesteaks are served as a one-size-fits all.  The steak is sliced, not chipped/shaved.  The cheese offered is American (ooey gooey white American cheese), provolone, mozzarella, and cheese whiz.  That's right, cheese whiz.  With or without onions, it's your choice.  Condiments are up to you and are self-serve.
But if this is your first rodeo with Steve's, you better know your order before you step to the window.  For here or to go, what type of cheese, with or without onions.  If you're a Seinfeld fan like me, ordering was just like a scene out of the infamous "Soup Nazi" episode.  Order, pay cash, step to the left to order your drinks and/or fries, and pay again.  
There are no real tables, but rather there is counter seating.  The restaurant is always busy... always.  Whether it be sit-down or take-out, it is always busy, but it was well worth the wait.  
There's a reason why it's called Steve's Price of Steaks, as the cheesesteak was a royal treat by my standards.  My original plan of cutting my cheesesteak in half and letting Hubs have it was completely out of the question after just one bite.  It was a lot of food, especially considering that we also split an order of fries.  However, it was awesome.  It was hot, messy, and tasty.  There is no ladylike way to eat cheesesteaks at Steve's.  Making the napkin bib is not a bad idea. 
After we finished the feast, I felt like Rocky only it was my stomach battling Apollo Creed based on the sheer amount of food.  Yo Adrian, we did it!I avoid that trap on Passyunk ave where those other steak places reside [but don't mind a Pat's if I'm dragged there]. Instead, I drive a few blocks over from my house and go to Steve's. Jim's Steak on Bustleton? Corner stores make a better steak than that garbage.
I don't know how it is I graduated from NEHS [worst school ever, btw] and never went to Steve's or even overlooked their existence. Now that I think about it, it's rather blasphemous in my book having lived so closed to the mecca of meat, lard, and bread and taking so long to get in on the action. Oh, don't forget the fries, they'll require a jump start of the heart when you're done, but the 2000 calorie foray is totally worth it here.I have eaten my share of steak sandwiches and this one is #3 on my list. There steak is very flavorful and the melted american cheese they use is different but excellent. The fries are plentiful but modest in taste. Location is small and can get very busy fast. Definitely would recommend to take a trip and try this steak sandwich.Best Cheesesteak in Philly
Wiz With
Fries are good too. Always get a cheesesteak with birch beer if given the option - here all options are good.Stopped by late last night for a steak sandwich and I must say I really enjoyed every bite. Bread was super soft which made my sub even more enjoyable! Only thing I did not like was having to pay an atm to take cash out since they don't accept cards.... that is my reason for the 3 star rating. Overall service was fast! Deff recommend BUT don't forget the cash.So i was skeptical...since my bf (also named steve) raved about this place and said how good it was even though he doesn't eat cheese...But off we went all the way to bustleton on a sunny sunday for lunch.
Parked right in front and there was no line inside.  Only one table was taken...the place was pretty empty.  I ordered the provolone wit' and he got the steak wit' with pizza sauce (no cheese).  While that was being made we ordered plain fries and a lemonade.
By the time we got settled at the counter and started getting our order, the crowd started coming in.  By the time we got the condiments and started digging in the place was packed.
My cheesesteak looked GOOD!  Here the meat is cooked by the slice and not chopped up.  They flip them and then put it on the bread which has just the right crisp on the outside, is fresh and doesn't have too much breading on the inside.  You can totally taste the steak, the provolone tastes aged/strong/melted just right and the onions are cooked but a little chunky so they fall out when you bite.  Oh ya, and it's not greasy.  I had NO drips the whole time i ate and my bf's barely dripped any pizza sauce.  The fries were fresh so they were hottt and crispy.
Pretty much I am now a fan.  It's well worth the drive and now i wonder if the other locations are just as good...We'll be back!!Good steaks. They definitely are skimpy on the meat. Nice amount of cheese and onions were cooked well. Thin sliced steaks but not the paper thin kind. Line moved fast and register guy was nice. Pickles were gross possibly unsanitary.  
Far better than Geno's.i get so annoyed when people talk about genos and pats. they stink. steves is the best cheesesteak in philly. i miss it sooooo much. i never have a reason to go to the northeast anymore. i have 2 different steaks i get. if i'm eating there i get extra wiz without. its super messy. i load it up with pickels, hot peppers and hot sauce (clearly the hottest stuff on earth) and if i have to eat in the car i get prov and tomatoes. not messey. easy to eat and drive. always get the cheesfries. steves is perfect.I love when menus are simple.  Cheese and Steak.  It's like Burger and Fries.  Takes the guessing out of it and leaves the best part - customization - up to you.  I came here for a late night snack because what's healthier than a massive pile of steaming steak with melted Provolone cheese on top?  I also added mushrooms (extra) and loaded up on all the free extras: relish, pickles, peppers, sweet peppers, hot peppers, and hot sauce.  It hit the spot and I left as full as my sandwich - bursting at the seams.  Guess I'll have to try the Spicy Fries another day.Back when I lived in the Northeast I would hit this place about three times a week.  Like every good steak shop, you wont find any overblown decor, no dazzling architecture but you will find a damn good cheesesteak. If you ever find yourself at Bustleton and St. Vincents pop in and check it out.I don't generally like the sliced version of cheesesteaks (read: Gino's) but Steve's does it pretty well. Everything about their steaks is better than most and the bread is damn amazing. Their Italian hoagies and chicken cheesesteaks are also some of the better in the city. 
The bottom line is Steve's in a no frills, honest neighborhood joint that is a world away from the tourist masses.
P.S. - They're open on Sunday... which some of the bigger names *cough* Tony Luke's *cough* aren't.Pretty good cheesesteak.  Gave you the option of real cheese which was great.  Got provolone and onions.  Decent bread.  Steak itself was what you would expect.
They had a bunch of different self serve topping which you could add. Cherry peppers were a nice touch.  If I am ever back in the area I would definitely stop in again.Steve's is awesome. I have never had a bad experience there. I can't remember my first trip to Steve's but apparently I liked it then because I kept going back. Whenever I would visit from college, me and my dad would go to Steve's, and usually run into someone we know/are related to. I have taken 2 internationals there for a legit cheesesteak and they've loved it. 
First, Martin from the Czech Republic, to my knowledge had only ever had a camp "cheese"steak, but we worked at a kosher camp and without the cheese it's pretty awful and not at all a Philly cheesesteak. I brought him here, I ordered for him and he loved it. They're tourist friendly, although it seems to be more of a local's place, so don't worry about ordering wrong. 
Then I brought Yushan from China here for her first anything-at-all-like-this. She was very hesitant. She didn't have any cash so I treated (although there is a mac machine /atm conveniently placed next to the ordering window). She had whiz and no onions and LOVED it. I love bringing people to my fav spots and have them love it too! 
Definite Pro's- streamlined ordering. Right window for steaks/sandwiches, left window for drinks and fries. 
-prices. not the best in the city but decent enough for me and my meager salary.
-super friendly. the few seconds you spend ordering is pleasant and they are generally helpful. The soda line is always short and so I like to joke around with the guy working there. 
-toppings/extras. there is a bar-type shelf in front of the grill window so you can watch them make your sandwich while you get your peppers, homemade hot sauce, pickles, and a variety of other things.
-Hot sauce. I love LOVE spicy. and while it's def a little.... watery which makes it drippy on your steak, it's SO GOOD. Great flavor, decently hot. 
-Menu size. Huge. I don't eat beef and there are plenty of chicken options. I've never personally, nor do I know of anyone, that wanted something that wasn't on the menu. You go there for cheesesteak. Get a darn cheesesteak and shut up about it. Don't be the guy that goes there and gets a hamburger. No one likes that guy.
-dude. they have chicken. 
-the game is probably on the TV
Con's- none on my end, I love it there. 
-the steak isn't chopped up, but I get the chicken so I don't really know if that's good or bad. 
-um... There isn't always seating available but if you're dining in, people are willing to scooch over to give you room, or hop down a seat if you have a group. 
-you can't hear the game on the tv. Although, that might be a pro. 
-the chicken cheesesteak takes a little bit longer. My dad and friends are usually halfway done by the time I get mine. But they ALWAYS tell you that it'll be 10 or 15 mins. It's never that long, and kind of irritating when I'm in the middle of my chicken-american-wit order and I have to start over. You know, with those three long words. Ok, So it's not like a total hardship. 
All-in-all, I love this place.Honestly, it is underrated, but it may be the best steak in philly. The original location is clean, pretty quick and the line has never been ridiculous when I have gone. Lastly, I do looks there condiment set up.Sheeeeeit, Ninja Please
If you like real steaks and not a south philly glam steak. Go to either location and get on the band wagon. Dont be a fool stay in school.This place has good customer service. This was my first time there and I felt the gentleman at the cash register was helpful. It was clean inside with several regular customers it seemed like.With that said, I felt the cheesesteak itself is a little bland and a bit over rated. I would not necessarily revisit, especially with so many other tasty cheesesteak places in Philly.Only place in the northeast to get a good cheesesteak. Friendly staff and clean establishment.I am a Die hard cheese-steak animal. Steves is by far the best. Always solid portions of meat, cheese and onions. If this was located closer to CC it would put all the big neon light places out of business. Its that good. Every-time. I think the worst steak I ever had at Steves would be a 4 star. If your looking for a good steak then Steves is a must.One word: yuck.  Not the best steak place in Philly, that's for sure.  Give me a South Philly steak any day (and I'm from the Northeast, so I'm not a Northeast hater, just a Steve's hater).We Picked up Steve's one day based on the fact that were in Northeast Philly and the reviews were amazing but I found the cheesesteak to be disappointing.  It was skimpy compared to other cheesesteaks we've had.  It tasted ok but definetly not enough meat.Double meat, onions & banana peppers are all you need.  It's a bit pricey for $11, but by golly it is good!  More onions would be nice, but... by golly it is good!I have been going to Steve's since I was in High School in 1992. I still go back whenever I go to Philadelphia, even if it is a half hour drive. A slightly different style of cheesesteak than most places. The steak is cut thicker and there is lots of cheese.The decor is not exactly fancy, and the service is not exactly polite, but the cheesesteaks are great! That's all that matters.Cheesteak consumption is a hobby of mine, and when I say that words cannot describe how good their steaks were, I was literally speechless when I took a bite out of their cheese steaks, which happened to be topped with all of the above (onions, hot/sweet peppers, the good stuff). To top it all off, this place just happens to be the spot where I've eaten the best steak of my life. When I got there, the staff is friendly, and the almost seemed a little disappointed when I denied the styles of steak they suggested. Advice? You'll be doing the steak shack a great injustice, and crushing the hearts of the staff, if you go there ordering a salad.
Oh wait, yeah there is a flaw, too much oil on the steaks. Every time I eat a steak from there I prepare for a heart attack, but if I had to eat one last meal before my time's end, take me to Steve's!!! But seriously, too much of anything can kill you. Plus, my steak came up to about 9 bucks.Ehhh.  They are just like any old cheesesteak joint except they don't chop their steaks... even if you ask them to.  
I was here and ordered a cheesesteak and was listening to some old lady ask the cashier if he could help her chop up the cheesesteak cause she had trouble chewing only to hear him snap back that they don't do that here cause 'that's their thing'.  I was hungry and wasn't in the mood to be going at it with anyone so I just ordered and went home.
Well, "their thing" isn't all that awesome.  I went home and tried their unchopped cheesesteak and wish I went to one that would do it the way the customer asks.  Poor old lady got it right.Bread and meat are good quality. Only 2 negatives is bang for your buck and the melted american should be slices.I love Steve's Steaks.  It's a northeast philly comparison to the shops in south philly.  I was more than happy with my cheese steak and fries.  My friend was disappointed with their unreasonable destain to make a chicken cheese steak even though in was on the menu.  However, I'll always go back.I find it to be a complete joke that people claim Pat's, Geno's or any other cheesesteak other than Steve's to be the best of philly.  Steve's puts tender lover and care into each individual medallion of lean-cut meat, then tops it off with a generous serving of melted white american whiz.  Complimented with a whiz fry and large cherry soda, it's the best meal ever.  The fact that only ~15 people have reviewed Steve's speaks to just how lucky we are to have this gem as our own!  So don't spread the word, I'm happy to have Steve's to myself; leave the tourists to fight in line at the rat mean Pat's and Geno's pawns as cheesesteaks.I used to love Steve's, for years I've claimed they were the best cheesesteak in Philadelphia. Lately, it seems like there is not as much steak on the sandwich, seems like they have been cutting back. That's very unfortunate considering their prices are getting out of hand. Still one of the better steaks in the area but I think I'm going to start looking elsewhere.Really good cheesesteak. Can't go wrong with this choice if looking for an authentic philly cheese steak. Not the best cheesesteak in philly though, but there will be people arguing about that all the time. To each their own. Try other local mom and pop establishments, some might surprise you.This is a tough one. Poor seats, cold rolls. dirty surroundings. OK steaks. Again, I think we can do better. NOT CHEAP, and no it's not the quality of the 2 Philly "big boys" but same prices. 
Steve; pump it up. Put a dollar into the places will ya.We prefer chopped meat for cheesesteaks, and Steve's does not do chopped meat. Despite that, the rolls are so delicious, which made for a great cheesesteak. I think this place is overpriced (as many cheesesteak places are). You also have to order your cheesesteaks in one window and then go to another window to order drinks and fries. Be prepared to spend about $40 for dinner for 2. The fries were not really seasoned and were way over priced as well. The price is why I'm giving it a low rating. There are other cheesesteak places around that are so much cheaper. This place is always packed and parking is hard as well. They also only accept cash. It's a cool experience, but we won't be going backSteve's Philly cheese steak is the best i ever had, i always crave for it every time I'm in Philly. Never disappointed.Hands down the best of the Cheesteak'eries.  Forget the dueling 'unnamed' south Philly joints unless you are a tourist and want a photo op...  After you get the picture and realize its a pain to park, drive up here.  Wit, witout, whiz, moz, whatev.... get what you like, but DO get an american fry and a 'cherry' drink.  That's my rec.    Honestly though,  the cheesesteak as strictly a culinary experience will let you down (gently.)  its great, but the awesome has to do with it's celebrity status and the 'atmosphere'.  I've taken many out-of-towners here and they usually love it, but were expecting flavors previously unknown.  Its Philly to the core, and I will always love it.  But I will always love it from Steve's.I ordered ahead for lunch pick up. Food was so good. The staff weren't too sociable. They do not take visa so I have to scrape up the money from the bottom of my purse and wallet. I made a couple of jokes and comments about finding the money and the cashier guy was just looking at me like I was crazy. A customer waiting for her food laughed and commented towards my jokes. It was just her and I in there so I wasn't holding up the line. I'll go again because my chicken cheese steak was delicious, I'll just remember not to make small talk with that cashier again.The Cheese Steaks and fries are very good...the toppings just tops it off. I highly recommend to try their food when you come Philly. My friends came from another country and we took them there and they said it's the best food I tasted in Philly.I love Steve's. It's possible that my love of Steve's is because I grew up around the corner, but the steaks just taste so good! 
If you're from the Northeast you know that Steve's and Jim's are the places to go, but for me, Steve's is #1 in my heart. I suppose the Steve's and Jim's rivalry in the NE is similar to the Pat's and Geno's debate in South Philly. To me, Steve's and Jim's are far better than Pat's and Geno's. Steve's is expanding as well- when I moved to Bensalem one opened up on Route 1 and one around Comly and the Blvd. It's nice to see Steve's is still doing well in this economy, but the original on Bustleton Ave is the best!i am rating this place purely on the the cheese steak b/c their chicken cheese steak sucks  major ass compare to their cheese steak and should be taken off the menu. the chicken is frozen steakum like processed stuff  similar to what u get at your local suburban pizza shop that has no business making hot sandwiches. there cheesesteaks on the other hand are pretty darn good. lets break it down:
Meat:
based purely on meat i have to say Steve's has the best steaks in philly. its sliced and not super greasy but has a ton of flavor. my one meat complaint is it is a bit skimpy in portion for me so i get a double meat order.
Bread:
nothing special not bad but i do think tony luke (their steaks suck though)  and pat's have better bread.
Extras: 
I like shrooms, onions and any real cheese preferably provolone which Steve does not have which i find insulting.
Their cheese fries are pretty good i usually dont like whiz but they have some decent whiz. i usually dont rate service in non restuarants, but it is refreshing to get a steak in philly  from someone who isnt angry for a change.Best cheesesteaks in the Northeast maybe even the whole city!  Thinly sliced meat with your choice of cheese on a fresh roll.  Not dripping with grease either so you don't feel guilty indulging in one.  Good fries too!  Friendly staff, speedy service, great food.Omg this was the best cheesesteaks I ever had EVER!!! The peppers the cheese the quantity WoW.ok I am now understanding the standards of phillie-ites "cheesesteak" pickieness. after having them in CA, there is a difference in the BREAD! also the meat is different. but the best part was the stern quick man-service...rude in-a-matter-of-fact, but efficient know-your- order way, that my friend says all eatery delis are like. The fries are great too!! LOVED IT!!! 
also a side note: very clean!In town for a day and was looking for a real authentic cheesesteak. Found this spot on yelp! Had solid reviews. Did not disappoint!  We ordered a cheesesteak, pizzasteak and chicken cheesesteak. Everybody was happy and full. I recommend this establishment.They have really great cheesesteas here.  The steak is high quality and flavorful but not tough, and the cheese fries are awesome.  I find the size to be adequate but know some friends who found the portion of meat to be small, as Erik S. mentioned.  Definitely prefer this place to Pat's and the xenophobic Geno's.Finally!!! I got my real Philly cheesesteak!! It was so good. I got one whiz with onions and it was more than what I expected. It was great!! The cheese was perfect. The drippings were great for soaking up the bread. I highly recommend this place.Another steak place review? Well, yea. There are lots of em, and you wouldn't want to go to the wrong one would you?
Steve's is in the middle of the pack. Follows the usual formula: window-style service, great crusty bread, three cheese offerings (whiz, American, provolone). Good fries and other sides available. Great Northeast Philly location along the Boulevard. It's not Tony Luke's, but it beats the hell out of Pat's/Geno's.
The Italian sausage sandwiches are glorious, as well, and something you can't always get at a steak place.My favorite thing about coming back to Philly from up north where I moved many years ago is a steak from the "top dawg" Steve's Prince Of Steaks!!! Wow sooo sooo good!!! The best hands down!!!On a recent visit to Philly we embarked on a mini search for the best cheese steak.  After visiting the usuals, Pat's, Jim's, Geno's we still were not feeling it.  Found Steve's after an online search.  About 12 miles out of town in a residential neighborhood.  This place is the real deal!!  Locals only in line and eating, no fanny pack wearing tourists to be found.  The same unique ordering system that most Philly steaks places employ, you order your sandwiches at one window and your fries and drinks at another.  The steaks were simply amazing.  I had mine 'wit" white american cheese, onions, peppers and mushrooms.  The bread was incredible and the steak was perfectly cooked, the cheese molten, the peppers nicely spicy and the mushrooms sauteed perfectly.  The fries fresh and hot.  Do yourself a favor.  Jim's is OK, Pat's is Eh, but this place?  Hell yea!!!Went to the  Original  Location of 37 years !!!! had a me a wit /wit and peppers  and  hot peppers had too with  sauces  loved it  !! they even came and took a picture with me . 
 hey remember   cash onlyAlthough i've been going lately to the location on Comly rd (across from the old Nabisco), i have to stick to my guts and go for the location that de-virginized me for my review.
Got my first bite of Steve's Steak back in mid 1990s and been hooked ever since. I believe it beats them all, from Gino's, to Pat's, to Jim's, to Luke's to Ishkabibble's. The quality of steak used and the way it's sliced (not too thin and not too thick) and not chopped, makes it the cheesesteak of choice for me. You can really tastes the steak this way and its perfectly seasoned and juicy.
I order it with friend onions and american cheese, with hot peppers and pickles on a side. But they have many options of cheeses and additions. This has to be ordered with spicy cheese whiz fries, whats Batman without Robin, Oreos without Milk, Yin without the Yang?
I use to say, i would have my wedding here if it would be big enough to accompany the guests. I live around 45 minutes and i still try to go to NE Philly just for Steve's at least every other month. I have yet to have a cheesesteak taste as good as Steve's, from the fresh roll to the fried onions, its far above the competition. 
This use to be the place to hit at 1am in the morning on a friday night. If you are visiting Philly and want to know what a real Philly Cheesesteak tastes like, stop reading and visit Steve's Prince of Steaks (i believe there are more locations now, one in Langhorne and Center City as well as NE) around you. Never a disappointment in almost 20 years.
Sad thing is that i have yet to try their hoagies or burgers or chicken cheesesteaks yet. I always think and plan of ordering something else, but once i get there, its a no brainer, the old faithful, "american, fried onion for here" for me.This is a NEast staple and they do a great job with their steak and fries. If you're doing take out, beware, its gonna be messy and your delicously greasy steak might eat through its paper bag. And ruin your purse. But nevermind that. They don't chop their steaks, they do sliced steak and they have a separate line for fries, sodas, and other sides. It's good place to go when you don't have a lot of time and feel like having a fat kid Friday.Best cheese steak in Philly and I've had them all multiple times. Grew up in Philly and gotta say this place is where it's at.  Go in and order this way: "American with"  This gets you a cheese steak with fried onions and American cheese.  Then go to the next window and order Fries well done with American.  Then a cherry soda.  The flavor combo will rock your world. at 2pm or 2 am you can't go wrong.Best steaks in the city, hands down! Be sure you know how to order like a Philadelphian. Forget the city tourist traps, this is the real deal...This little joint rocks!  Weird check out process but the food is all that! It's a must try.Best cheesesteak in the city!!!  And I have to admit, the steak isn't much to look at.  First time I ordered one and unwrapped, I was prepared to feel disappointed.  Nope.
I like the high quality sliced steak they use.  Rolls are fresh and delicious.  This is the kind of steak that is good with just the meat and wiz.  That's how good it is.For years my old man would take me to Pat's or Geno's before or after a Flyers game. Then i'd get them for myself at the local Lee's Hoagie House. Finally I got turned onto Steve's about 5 yrs ago and life has never been the same. I used to go to the one near the Nabisco Factory, but this review is about the one near Oxford Valley Mall. 
Everything about this place is done right. And it all starts with the roll. I mean steak + cheese and maybe some onions shouldn't be that hard to F up right? Then whycome you can't find a decent steak sandwich anywhere but Philly? Its all about the bread my friends. The water in Philly, jerz, and NYC are the best in the country. I cry for people that eat at Subway and the like. 
Anyway back to Steve's..... The rolls are PERFECT, the meat is grade A and sliced thin and layered, not all chopped up like other places. The cheese is a pure liquid goodness that they use a soup laddle to drip over the concotion. I always go with the American cheese sauce "wit" (w grilled onions) and mushrooms. They have some great yellow banana peppers at a condiment stand that I like to toss into the 'wich too. The cheese fries are bomb. And please, know what you want when u get to the window, cause your holding shit up if you don't.
Now please open up an operation in NYC!My fave!! Steve's steaks are the best in Philly, in my opinion.YES, YES and YES
I've been coming to Steve's since the 90's  when I worked at the now defunct Circuit City across the street from it (good times). I can't say anything bad this place. Excellent cheese steaks. I can easily eat 3 of these on one seating. What I like the most is the cherry peppers you can put on your steak after you receive it (hot and yummy). Like most cheese steak places in Philadelphia, you have two windows one for your cheese steak and hoagies and one for fries and drinks. If your not from Philadelphia you think of Pats or Gino's as cheese steak shops. You should take a trip up to the northeast and have a real cheesesteak.Steve's had been my only Philly cheese steak experience in Philly because I read that they were the best and I always had a good sandwich.  I've been to each of their three locations multiple times.  I could easily eat two, but need to watch the calories.  But I always wondered how much better they could be.  Can't anybody in town make the same thing?  After trying some other places, the answer is NO.  This really is a great steak and I had to try some other ones to fully appreciate it.went en route to a flyers game. found it by accident. i was kind of lost and hungry so it seemed perfect for directions and food. the cheese steak was AMAZING. great bread and ratio of bread/meat/cheese...
fries were great but get 'em plain...
can't wait to get back to philly for another.OK, everyone just calm down. Here's my experience. 
I ordered a Steak wit fried onions. The roll was tasty however...WHERE'S THE BEEF? It was sliced steak but not enough of it. Looked like a single layer across the roll. OK, it was good but just good. 
I know everyone has their favorite steak place and with so many to choose from, my opinion is, you'll be way more satisfied at any one of the others, Chink's, Tony Luke's, Pat's, etc.I'm a NE Philly native and Steve's is hands-down my favorite cheesesteak in the city. The meat is sliced just right, not too thin and not too thick, and the cheese is nice and melty. It's cash only and can sometimes get pretty busy but the service is quick. I live in West Philly now and was ecstatic when I learned that they will be opening a new location near me soon.So so so so so good. I love their cheese steak and cheese fries. My go to. Price is fair. Cash only but they have atm inside. Only a few dine in seats. Quick service. The  only complaint I have is that they have 2 lines, one for steaks and other for sidesThe best Steak Shop in the NE. I would also suggest getting an order of cheese fries with your steak. I was never a fan of cheese wiz on a cheese steak, but Steve's converted me. They put the perfect amount on not too much and not too little. Fried onions are perfectly cooked, I've never had a bit of raw onion on a sandwich. The only slight issue that I would have is that the rolls could be a bit harder on the outside, I know that they don't make their own rolls, but that is my preference.When people ask me, a native Philadelphian, where to get a really good cheesesteak...this is where I tell them! Seriously Steve's serves up the best in the city and they have a few locations too (I stick with the original in the Northeast). My husband (Steve - what a coincidence!) is also a huge fan. YummyMeh. Been here about a dozen times over the years and I'm not impressed. The meat always seems tough and has a "liverish" flavor. Overpriced and over hyped.
Chink's Steaks on Torresdale Avenue is still the best cheese steak i8n Philly.I am not a huge cheesesteak fan but I always indulge my hubby's love for them when we are in Philly. After trying several other "famous" cheesesteak spots, I have to say that Steve's is better...hands down. I guess I prefer the thick cut steak Steve's serves versus the chopped up meat that other places serve up. The steak was overall juicy and delicious. My turkey hoagie was also pretty damn good. I found the place to be pretty calm for a Saturday night: no lines, got our food pretty quickly and got to eat in. We will definitely come back for more.I stopped here on the way to a Phillies game. No wait at all, and I ordered a wiz wit. Nice large roll and the meat was sliced a bit thicker than you are used to. Could've used a bit more wiz, or less time on the grill. It was a bit dry, but not enough to call it a terrible sandwich. It was decent, so I would go back to try some more items from the menu. The sandwich was also still warm enough by the time I got to the game, so that was an additional plus.This is part of the Crusade for Greatest Cheesesteak in Philadelphia trip I did. Steve's Prince of Steaks was the first stop on our list. Up in northern Philadelphia, this place was small place with some seating and was indoors which a huge plus was in the winter. The steaks were ordered with whiz and came up in a few minutes. The steak was good, cheesy and you could taste the onions. Nothing to special but nothing missing either. This place had a solid cheese steak, it's what you would expect to from one of these joints. 
As a side note I did also decide to try the chocolate soda. It took the guys a few minutes to make and it got to try this interesting creation. I have to say while it wasn't bad, I wouldn't say its good either. Maybe I just didn't grow up with this kind of thing and I can't appreciate it. Either way, if you haven't either I would avoid it.This is our little secret that only people in Philly know about. The best cheesesteaks in the city. The only thing that stops me from going there everyday is the priceCheesesteak reviews always come with bias.  People are attached to to those places that struck just the right chord for them at just the right time.  Once you put one establishment up on that pedestal,  it's gonna be tough to top.  In my mind, nothing will ever top the Prince.  I've been coming to this place for as long as I can remember and I've never left without feeling reinvigorated.  It just speaks to me.  I always get wiz wit' with some hot sauce, pickles, assorted peppers, pizza fries (american), and a cherry soda.  It's a proud tradition.Not my favorite but a decent steak sandwich. What holds it back is the roll which is just mediocre and the portion of meat. I'd suggest the "double meat" steak. Otherwise it's a winner.  Oh, and the fries are good too.Yes, they make an exceptional cheesesteak. But one window is for cheesesteaks. The other is for your drinks. There is a sign indicating this. If you try to order a drink at the cheesesteak window, the guy inside who just started making your cheesesteak yells at you to read the sign, even if you're the only customer at the window.
Kiss my ass, man. Enjoy your ulcer while I treat people like human beings.In the Bible the Israelites were starving and begged God for food so he delivered delicious items from heaven and that's what Steve's Steaks is: delicious food from heaven. Best cheese steak in Philadelphia hands down.Been a loyal subject of Steve's since birth. Grew up five blocks away so I guess my opinion is skewed. TOURISTS/ FOREIGNERS: Read menu then get in line to order. Especially late at night. I've had a beer or thirty so get outta the way. TOURISTS/FOREIGNERS: There is NOTHING to do in the area so if you're staying in center city just roll up 95. About 20 minutes up 95. Make sure you eat there. If not it's going to be an absolute mess...albeit a delicious mess...Wiz, Provolone, American cheeses with sliced meat (not chopped) on a beautiful Italian roll. (Roll of course being the key to the Cheesesteak) Top it off with a cherry soda and some fries!I'm glad Steve's isn't closer because I'd probably eat one everyday. Oh wait, it's opening a new location in center city. I take that back. I have better self control than that. My go-to cheesesteaks used to be Tony Lukes, Geno's or Pat's, but Steve's is so much better. I can't describe how it tastes better, but it just does. I've had it twice so far and can't believe I haven't discovered it sooner. Unfortunately, it's in the northeast and I'm in south philly. 
Oh well, I don't need more cholesterol in my life.We were driving home from Trenton  and in the mood for a cheese steak.  We looked on Yelp and found Steve's.  What a treat. Here was a cheesesteak  shop  in North East Philly modeled after the south Philly cheesesteaks shops  like Pat's or Gino's.   The shop was very clean and our take out order was ready promptly. And the sandwich was delicious.I hereby declare Steve's my favorite cheesesteak in philly.  Whiz wit, all the way.  I think I can attribute my love of pasteurized processed cheese product to being a Philadelphia native.  Birch beer and french fries round out the greasefest.  When I come back home to PA, my first stop on the food tour is Steve's.  The Bustleton Ave location is closed until 1/28 because they are celebrating 30 yrs at that location with some much-needed renovations.One of my favorite places in philadelphia. Every time I have a chance I always stopped by to get lunch. I like the way the make their cheesesteaks. It makes the best cheesesteak in philadelphia. Guys you need to try it out.Simply the best tasting cheesesteak on Philadelphia. It doesn't matter if you get whiz or American it's the most delicious thing you will ever eat. I prefer the American cheese and the cherry soda. Also, fries with American on the side are AMAZING. Once you go to Steves you will never want another steak ever again.I love it here! 
It is the true Philly cheesesteak feeling and I am very critical about my cheesesteaks. I give this a great review but I do believe that they should add more places to eat and occasionally clean up, because the tables are often left a mess that the following customers have no choice but to clean it up. 
Other than that, great place.Not the best but better then Jim's down the streetI don't get the hype.  It was an ok cheesesteak, but not worth the detour off the highway.  I got the wiz, wit, as recommended by Yelp.My in-laws are from Philly but have been gone for many years, so I looked on Yelp for a good cheesesteak place.  This is the original Steve's and we happened to be here when Steve was here.  He is as genuine as his cheesesteaks.  The food was great...five of us got cheesesteaks and were extremely pleased.  My daughter got an Italian sandwich and also loved it.  The fries were also a must--hot and crunchy.  This is definitely a must-stop-in if you are looking for a great authentic cheesesteak...real tender sliced meat and none of that chopped crap.  You won't be disappointed!!!!  Thanks SteveAfter being tipped off by a bartender and fellow patron at a local Mexican cantina last night, my accomplice insisted that we take the trip out to the Great Northeast for lunch. 
He has this to say of the cheesy steak shack on the corner: Steve is more like the Jester of Steaks than the Prince, because it's such a joke. First off, the cheesesteak was measly. Even though these highly sophisticated chaps "slice" the meat in lieu of chopping, it was a flat and skinny little sandwich regardless. He hilariously called it an A-cup of a cheesesteak (although I know personally he tends to underestimate when guessing cup sizes). The meat wasn't juicy and although the cheese was saucy,  the combination didn't create the mix of tastes we crave. The cheese fries were tolerable. On the bright side, the eat-all-you-want pickle jar was cool. Sadly, this was not a good experience for my "last cheesesteak of the year"; now I might have to break that vow.This is my favorite cheese-steak place in the city. Kind of a hike, because you need a car to really get there, but it is pretty much free from a million tourists, has peppers and what not for your selection, and you don't feel rushed as you order - not to mention the steaks are top notch.BEST cheesteaks EVER. I live in Philly, i've tried them all. And this place hands-down is the best place to go for a "philly cheesteak."Best cheesecakes in the northeast love there fires and cheese wiz too only think sucks is they don't take cards but they do have a atm machine that takes a little fee but it's totally worth itONLY PLACE IN THE CITY THAT POURS MELTED AMERICAN CHEESE SAUCE ON THE STEAK. omg.  The meat is sliced...not all chopped up.  That being said, this needs to be eaten at Steve's or within five travel blocks to prevent the bread from getting soggy from cheese and steam.  There is  a pepper and condiment bar...but who needs it.  This steak is off the charts.went to bustleton. good place. a bit pricey but quality is far superior to genos tourist trapHands down favorite cheese steaks around. The liquid american is amazing, I could drink it, and the fact that I can take as many cherry peppers and shaved pickles as I want is quite a bonus. I love the food any day, but there is NOTHING better than a hot melty drippy Steve's steak at 2:30 am!! Love iti was a big fan of geno's before i was recommended by a friend to this great steak shop. driving to south philly for a steak from my location has always been a hassle so when i was told about this place on bustleton i thought i'd give it a shot. the first thing i noticed when i looked at the menu was the price difference compared to geno's is a lot cheaper, but the most noticable difference is the juicy steak i bit into was out of this world. if you're ever in the mood for some great philly style cheesesteaks you have to try steve's.As someone who spent the first 18 years of his life in Philadelphia, I know a good cheesesteak when I see, touch, smell and taste one. And being from Northeast Philly, I am always on the search for a cheesesteak outlet nearby. Having now been to Steve's, I would now recommend it over Jim's, a block away. Best cheesesteak in the Northeast.I live in South Philly...but if its not Tony Lukes or Jims I drive for  Steve's Prince of Steaks in the Northeast for a cheesesteak and more.....the staff is nice and the place is not packed during Philly game days. Sliced nicely but not chopped...the bread is good and the condiments are fresh....peppers and all. Pat's and Geno's is a tourist trap but the locals of Philly know where the good cheesesteaks are..I thought Steves had one of the best cheesesteaks in the city. Better than Tony Lukes, pats, Genos, or Johns Roast Pork, but honestly I'm just not the biggest cheesesteak guy. I thought Steve's loaded it up with plenty of meat, but the steak was still somewhat tough. 
Prices are typical ($9 or so) but service was fast and not unfriendly.Wonderfully yummy!!!!!.........I haven't tried the competition yet, but I love these!!!!!!!!!!  :-)Got a cheesesteak. Bread was really good but I wasn't impressed with the rest. Probably not going back.The steak has a distinct aftertaste to it. I scanned the reviews on here and someone else notice the same thing. They described as a "liverish" taste to it. On another review site a person said "chemical taste to it. It also had a rubbery texture to it to an extent. I did not particularly care for it. Sorry Steves Prince fans it isnt good. While i wouldnt say it was horrible i dont think i will be going back. I much prefer Jims over this place. Thank and enjoy you liver tasting Steaks. Lol....This is my favorite cheesesteak in Philly. 
Provolone with onions. 
The real sandwich!!!You can't go wrong with Steve's! Great atmosphere, tasty food, at the rite prices.I have worked in a few different pizza places and delis. In all of the establishments I worked in we served steak sandwiches, from cheese to hoagies, chopped or not. 
Steve's always hits the spot. I have never had a sandwich from this spot that disappointed me. The rolls are always fresh, the meat always cooked nicely with the juices intact and the fries are always on point.
Whether it's a late night snack after burning a few or a lunchtime treat, you can't go wrong with Steve's meat.I've been going to Steve's off and on for 25 years.  I grew up 5 minutes from their original place on Bustleton Ave, and when I'm not caring about my health this is easily the best cheesesteak there is.  The other reviews say it all- the steak is not chopped up, the rolls (which make a good steak) are always fresh, and the cheese is other wordly.  I always wondered what they put in the cheese, but its so delicious.  I recommend getting the American cheese as the Cheese Whiz is not that different from other steak shops, and its the American that sets Steve's apart.  
My only complaint is that the steaks are now $8, and you don't get a lot of meat for the price (try double meat and you'll be in heaven). 
Spicy fries with american on the side are also a good way to go (sometimes the fries are so hot that the cheese gets absorbed too quick, and when its on the side you can relish every single fry while dipping into the cheese).  This is definitely not light eating (an obvious statement as its red meat with gooey thick cheese sauce), but i've never once had a steak that wasn't amazing from Steve's, and in moderation they are a sure winner.   I dont think Pat's or Geno's compares at all-maybe its that they're in South Philly, but I've always recommended Steve's to anyone who asks-we all have our favorites, but no place has ever come close to Steve's in my opinion.   If you really want to feel like you're a local, order your cheese and with or without onions (i'm an American without guy).Great place, but it does get really busy on certain nights. I would suggest ordering a to go. Pricing is okay.Being new to Philadelphia this was my 2nd cheesesteak and yes it was better than the other one. So I agree their cheesesteaks are very good.Yum! Steak was sliced just as advertised, bread was fresh, and the whiz added such a great flavor.  Next time might need to order extra meat, since there's only 2 slices in every bite, could use some more.  We also ordered hot & spicy fries, which are super crispy!  Both air-conditioned and open-air seats available.I live in New York and I have traveled to philly just for Steve's cheese steaks.  I've gone to probably 5 or 6 other places and hands down it's always Steve's for the best cheese steaks.  I recommend no other place.  If i'm even within 30 miles of this place, I detour to have one.  THAT good.First time at Steve's after reading several reviews and was not disappointed at all. Ordered a cheese steak with extra steak, with onions, sweet peppers, and provolone cheese. It was fantastic. I'm a big eater and boy was I full. If in doubt on where to go, give Steve's a try.HANDS DOWN THE GREATEST CHEESE STEAK IN THE WORLD! Now that I got that out of my system, everything about this place is amazing. The wiz here is the best and the meat is tender without the fat the other places keep in. The roll is a perfect torpedo roll to make the sandwich complete. The wiz fries are also the best fries in the world and are super crispy when they come out fresh from the fryer. Also get the cherry soda if you never had it, you will be in a for a treat!In 2013, I have to say that they're still awesome!  I can't believe that some people would actually think that the South Philly joints like Tony Luke's can be better!?!?  
First of all, Steve's P.O.S uses real slabs of beef as opposed to shredded beef and there's more taste to it with the fried onions.  Consistency is the key to them since the 90s until now.   
Side note:  Items that should be eaten on premise are the:
Pizza steak & cheese fries - should be eaten right away or else it gets too soggy and soaks up the bread.  Not advisable for takeouts.Steve's is always an amazing place to stop by. They always take care of their people with great meals and you can feel the actual heart they put into it. They don't just serve , they actually care and are willing to accommodate. When dieting they were more than willing to serve me a cheesesteak without the roll , which was just as good at the sandwich itself. These guys always take care of me and everyone I know , can't really go wrong coming here I can promise you that much.I like it.  Not much meat for the price, that's the bad side.  Other than that the people were nice and polite.Best Cheese steak Period!
If your from out of town don't fall for the Pat's gristle on a bun or the mediocre Geno's.  If your in south philly there is always John's Roast Pork as a close second.  I love the Steaks at Steve's and usually get the "American With" (onions)  Cheese fries with wiz.   I love the steak that they use as its like real meat and not the chopped up by over zealous cooks that seems like it's ABC ( "already been chewed")  that some places like Jim's and Delasandro's serve .
It's a true philly staple.I wish cheesesteaks were good for you because I could eat Steves everyday..maybe my favorite steak..Unquestionably thE BEST cheesesteak in Philly.  The others simply don't hold a candle to Steve's.  The bread, the steak, the wiz, the with ... awesome!Waaayyy better than Pat or Geno's! And if it's cold outdoors you can eat in...ESP since Philly gets cold! I had the chicken and it was awesome! Can't wait to come back!Never had a true Philly cheesesteak before this one. Couldn't be happier.Steve's prince of steaks is probably my favorite spot in philly to pick up a cheesesteak. My rankings would probably go (1) Steve's (2) Pats (3) Jim's (4) Genos. That's my opinion but everyone is different. The steak isn't cut into small steak pieces so if you're into medium size cut steaks then I would go to Jim's. Got their cheesesteaks and French fries as well and I enjoyed every bite of it! Customer service was great, fast service!Stopped here during a spontaneous trip to Philadelphia. It was fun eating at Steve's, but I have to say that I've had better cheesesteaks (in Baltimore).5 stars from a group of people who've never had Philly Cheese Steak. Glad we made the trip!This could possibly be a 5 star review, but I'm getting stingy with those.
Forget Pat's and Geno's, the real battle for best Philly Cheesesteak is between Steve's and Jim's.
I think I give it to Jim's, but Steve's is a worthy contender and indeed a prince!
The Cheesesteak is pricey, but filling. They do a mid-thick cut rather than the finely chopped. Good quality meat, fresh bread, and an all around good time.
If you can have only one steak in Philly I'd probably still go to Jim's but this is a close second and miles ahead of Pat and Geno.Favorite Cheese Steak In Philly !
I've Eaten At Every Cheese Steak Place Ans There The Real Deal 
All In All - Your Gonna Love This PlaceGreat cheese steaks - I ended up there because everything was close and i was skeptical but then surprise ... the cheeesteaks are very tasty and i liked it a lot... i will come back.From the DC area and everytime I visit ohilly I have to stop by Steves the wiz taste wayyyy better then pats or genos