Super good food and presentation of it is beautiful too. I liked the atmosphere, it was super clean and sleek. It was a little overpriced for me, probably twice as much as other pho places I've been to but it's pretty worth it if you wanna spend the extra couple dollars. the food and ingredients they use definitely seem fresh and unique. Personally I didn't find the pho broth salty at all however I'm not really into chicken so maybe they could add a beef option. 
Also their desserts are seasonal but I advise to try and order some of their desserts! I had the pineapple with coconut cream, amazing!!I came here with a group of friends and although it was pretty good, I'm not sure it was for me or my favorite. Probably a great place if you have a vegan palate because there are a ton of vegan options. My boyfriend and I shared the bahn mi and the chicken khao poon, both were good but didn't blow me away. It was fairly priced and a cute space, BYO.BEST butter cake and pound cake around!!!  Hands down...Great local establishment that takes pride in what they do...always great customer service around, always  and everything is yummy there so enjoy!!Just tried this place for the first time and was absolutely blown away. Everything was so flavorful and fresh. Service was fast and very friendly. It's tiny but it wasn't crowded when we went. Will definitely be back!Once we found this place (our fault) we were sure glad we made it. It's small and a little off the beaten path for those, like us who live in the burbs.  Be sure you get to EAST Girard, rather than west Girard because you won't find it otherwise! haha. I'm taking a star off since they don't appear to have a phone and it would have been nice if we could have called. I the  beef pho and Ms D had the mushroom pho.  Both were delightful and plenty of food for us.  We also split the papaya salad and it was quite a treat as well. It's rare for me not to be able to finish a meal, but my pho was more than enough for me. Seasoned very well.  I didn't particularly care for my Thai ice tea, but probably me as much as anything else.  I was expecting simple tea rather than tea with powdered milk.  A little sweet for me, but live and learn.  Get there early as there are only half a dozen tables and a counter for a few more folks.  As we were leaving at 6:30 on Friday a line was forming outside the door.  We'll be back and i can't wait.Surprising gem! Went for dinner on a Friday, small place, the wait was long but way worth it. Had papaya salad for app and the Tai Peanut noodles with chicken and still crave them! Will probably do take out or delivery next time, but there will be a next time. FYI it's BYOB too!Lots of noodles and not much else. For a small menu and high prices ($9 for pho is outrageous), you'd expect higher quality. My husband's pho barely had any meat and my mushroom only featured a mushroom broth and tofu. With all the authentically Vietnamese pho options in Philly, I don't know what Stock hopes to offer besides a bowl of soupy monotony.  The owners claim to have eaten pho but then crank out this stuff???  Unbelievable. 
We also ordered the "green" mango salad. First of all, it wasn't green mango but definitely a riper yellow mango. This alters the whole dish and changes the texture so that the salad becomes a mushy mess. Second, the dressing tasted like fish oil concentrate and lacked spice or depth. 
I don't get it. There's better and cheaper pho all over Philly so I'm not sure what the rage is all about.  If you wanna eat fake hipster Vietnamese and spend a lot of money, I guess this is a good spot for that.It thought I'd have to say good bye to pho when I went vegan, but this place is amazing and hits the spot. 
My regular go to dishes are: 
Gin Thoke- a zesty delicious salad with lots of crunch and texture!
The tofu banh mi is so good I don't even miss meat sandwiches. 
Khao Poon is so creamy, savory with a hint of sweet deliciousness, with just enough heat.
The Burmese cold noodles bring a lot of savory heat for a cold dish. It's become my hot weather favorite!Stock has the best chicken pho in the city. It's not traditional but the quality of the chicken is the best I've had. Also the broth is very flavorful . The only downside is if you eat there a lot as I do the broth can be inconsistent.Awesome BYO! They have a great menu of Vietnamese and Thai inspired foods. The Pho is  bit different than traditional Pho I have had at other restaurants but still amazing. The restaurant is small, they have tables for two, a counter, and one or two tables for 4. The service was great and the food was even better. If you like spicy, I recommend the papaya salad!This place is small but they were able to accommodate for our party of 6.5
We shared the papaya salad and bahn mi sandwiches and those were the highlights for me.  If i were to go back, that's prob what I'd order for my meal.  
The pho was good too but different.  The broth wasn't your typical pho broth which isn't necessarily a bad thing. They did give a lot of meat.
service was goodI have been to Vietnamese restaurants all around the world, from San Francisco to London, Miami to New York and most of the Pho places on the other side of town in Philadelphia... As for Stock, this is by far the best experience I have had at any of them.
The Pho is way better than The Slanted Door in San Fran which is supposed
to be among the best in the world. The green mango salad is something I crave, which only gets satisfied by Stock's rendition of the dish. My mouth is seriously watering just thinking about it. When I'm in town I always make a point to stop by.
The dishes are very reasonably priced, we've ordered the whole menu every time we've been, and made it out for super cheap. The love put into the dishes reflects the chef's interest in keeping the original Saigon flare, offering the volume restaurant style speed of service but superior, fine dining precision on the raw dishes of beef and fish.
I actually started my yelp profile here to speak highly of the restaurant, because my experience has been amazing every time, and that's 4 times since the restaurant opened just several months ago.
The service was great, love the simplicity of the decor and it's so refreshing to see a non-ethnic cook behind the dishes.
The only complaint is that I had a short wait the last two times, but luckily, the neighborhood (Fishtown) has a few bars and other spots to check out, Johnny Brenda's and some Steven Starr locations around the corner.
I'll be back for sure!!!' Just waiting for them to open up locations in Miami and New
York... Please hurry!!Love this place! Some of the best soups I've ever had. Fresh, flavorful and filling. For those Vegetarian soup lovers, this is your spot! Nothing like a cold winter night warmed up by a delicious soup from Stock. 
Menu is very simple and offers only couple things to chose from: 2 soups, 1-2 salads and a sandwich. This place is about quality, not quantity. They offer two soup sizes. I always opt out for the bigger one. There's something comforting about big bowl of soup LOL And nothing like leftovers the next day that still taste great.Went here last night. I was surprised to see all Americans working there and no Vietnamese people. The pho was amazing though and I've had pho before from a traditonal Vietnamese place and this was ever better! Menu is simple. Place is small, but very clean! They cook in front of you. They have great appetizers. If you're super hungry, but the pho itself is filling. We took home 2 doggybags. I recommend this place if you are with 1 other person, but if you are in a big group, I recommend getting takeout because the whole entire restaurant seats about 30 people.Stock has been on my list for a while. I love Pho and as a former NoLibs resident, I love the neighborhood. As to be expected, Parking was scarce--take Uber. The space is small; I think I counted seating for about 20 people including the bar space. The menu is short. Banh Mi, rice dishes, and hot/cold noodle soups. What the menu lacked in diversity (only chicken pho?!), they made up for in quality! Originally dismayed by the menu and the lack of hot soup (???!!!!), I asked my bar neighbor which dish he had. He had the Good Deal noodle bowl and confirmed that it was spicy. I like spicy, I like noodles, and I enjoy chicken. Sold! The dish was BEAUTIFUL--a picture is attached--and everything was spicy and delicious. I coughed more than once when taking on too much broth and that's a good thing. As hungry as I was, the one bowl was very filling. My only downside was that the one flavored tea that was available was flavorless colored water to my palate (I guess that's why it's a BYO). Also, of the three staffers I saw, only one was of Asian descent so if that's a sensitivity to you, this isn't the spot for you.This place is horrible! Especially when the idiot chef came out with an online video of "how to eat pho"! He has no idea what he is doing and it shows in the food!Everything was fresh, crisp, & delicious.  Bold flavors without making you feel weighed down, and most of all- not greasy.  Small menu, but everything I had was awesome
-green mango salad: bursting with spicy, tangy flavors
-beef pho: meat was very tender, melted in your mouth.  
-golden papaya with thai basil and palm sugar: simple & refreshing
I love that they went jalapeño over hot sauce and a slice of lime over lemon for the pho.  The basil and mint were also very fresh and it honestly made a big difference compared to other pho places.  Even in the summer I was able to enjoy soup, so that's a winner in my book.  I love this place and I will be back.
** This place only has 1, 4 person table- so when you go make sure you just bring 1 pal to avoid unnecessary wait times.My friend and I first found out about this intriguing new, hard-to-search-on-Yelp (due to its name) pho place on Uwishunu, and decided to check it out. They don't accept reservations and have no phone number, so we decided to show up exactly at 5:30 when it opens for dinner to be guaranteed a spot in this 18-seat cafe.
The place was clean, new, and trendy, with subdued greys/teals. We sat in one of the few tables by the wall. The tables were tiny -- any smaller and my elbows would have jabbed a passer-by, but they also have seats at the bar which looked slightly roomier.
We started with the hamachi, which was tastily seasoned and just the right amount of spicy. The green papaya salad was fresh and seasoned with peanuts and fried onions, although I wish it was more strongly flavored. The beef pho followed the same trend -- quality broth, but with subdued and subtle flavors that I wish were a bit stronger. Adding a dash of hoisin and sriracha gave it bit more kick, but it is definitely made in a different style than traditional Vietnamese pho. The beef is top quality.
We ended with coconut chia seed pudding -- an interesting invention that was refreshing and not-too-sweet.
Overall, an interesting and subtle new interpretation of Vietnamese in a quiet ambiance. Diners used to traditional Vietnamese cooking will perhaps find the flavors slightly subdued.
The service here is outstanding -- I left my umbrella under the table by accident, and one of the servers (who didn't wait our table) chased us a few blocks down Girard to give it back!For two people, this place is great! I've been here twice, once with a group of four and once with just one other person. When we went with four people we had never been before and walked in and it was very clear to us that this was a small establishment. There was only one spot for four people to sit in the entire place so the wait took a bit but the staff was very kind about it and when we were seated the chef brought us two free plates which was very nice. 
When I came back the second time, a bit wiser about the size of the restaurant so only with one other person we were seated immediately. Again the food was great. We ordered the mushroom curry, and sesame noodles, both delicious. Would definitely recommend this place to a couple, but wouldn't advise for anyone more than two.Bon Appétit on point... This place is AMAZING! Customer service is 100% the place is so clean and the food is on point. Coming back... its a definite!Hello! I am so delighted to have made your acquaintance, Stock. I suspect we are going to be really close friends. No pressure.  
I love both the tofu banh mi and the mushroom pho. Both are huge portions, reasonably priced, and so full of flavor I often make that weird satisfied mmmm noise when I eat them. I have that awful recessive gene in which I don't taste cilantro like other people, to me it just tastes like soap. I guess it's like natures way of telling me that I have a potty mouth. The people at Stock are super nice and when requested, they nix the cilantro for people with my affliction. I've experienced both eat-in and take-out and the service and speed of food were both swift, and kind. 
As for the people complaining about price, the regular soup is enough for me, too much for me, and the banh mi is HUGE and stuffed with tasty goodness. I'm so thrilled to have Stock in the neighborhood, and to be able to experience pho!Some of the best dang Pho I've had in Philly. And I've been to Washington Ave - this place is better in my opinion (albeit a bit pricier)!
It's smallish, my group of 4 sat at the counter, which was kind of cool because we could see our food being prepared. However, if we had gone during a busier hour we probably would not have gotten seats or the wait would have been long which is less than ideal, esp in Pho weather. 
I got the Chicken Pho and they were even kind enough to put up with my obnoxious request of less noodles, more broth (I love the broth what can I say). It was so so heavenly with unique spices and flavors, not just salt and hot sauce like some places try to get away with.
NOM. Can't wait to go back, if only Fishtown wasn't so farI must say that I was thoroughly impressed! I have traveled in SE Asia and spent three weeks in Vietnam. We have tried a bunch of Vietnamese restaurants in Philly searching for a taste of what we experienced in Vietnam, only to leave disappointed. Not here. We finally found it!
The food was excellent and delicious, which is an understatement. We tried almost everything on the menu. The cobia was one of the best dishes I have had in Philadelphia. The combination of flavors is amazing. The mango salad had the perfect amount of spice/heat and it was perfect for a hot summer day. Then we had the two kinds of pho - beef and mushroom. We loved both of them. I also commented on how the tofu is the best in the city. I took home a good portion as leftovers and had it the next day and it was delicious. Best Pho in the city. 
We sat at the counter and were able to watch the chefs in action. The restaurant is spotless. They are meticulous about how they prepare the food and you can tell that it is done with care. 
The staff was attentive and friendly. I brought a bottle of white wine and they kept it on ice and refilled my glass for me. In a casual setting, the food and service was that of a five star restaurant. Amazing deal.Order Khao Poom and a thai iced tea for pickup on a Thursday night. Order was ready quickly and was packed nicely. The Khao Poom was solid and was a huge portion size. The thai iced tea, however, was extremely disappointing...for $4 I received about an 8oz pour. The tea was good, but this was the smallest portion of thai tea that I've ever received (and I've had it at many other restaurants in the city). This was a bummer, but otherwise the food was good. 
Conclusion: good food albeit a bit overpriced. Didn't eat-in, but the restaurant space itself looked quaint and is a BYOB!Got take out last night and it was delicious. Very short wait. I got the beef pho and spring rolls. Might pass on the spring rolls next time but the Pho is the real deal.This place has gotten a lot of bad publicity but I figured why not give it a shot since we were in the mood for some Pho on a cold Sunday night. Considering that this place is called "Stock" one would figure that their soup based items would be their staples, if not their flag ship choices. My girlfriend and I ordered Thai Pho (okay first off wth) and chicken pho. The chicken was really tender and great, and noodles were drawn properly so it wasn't all mushy, and our glass of water was consistently refilled (great service by out waitress while we were seated at the bar), and that's about it. 
The complexity of the chicken-based pho was equivalent to that of a can of chicken broth. We were convinced they must have used the spices into the fan, because it sure smelled like pho, but didn't taste like pho. I had to ask for some fish sauce just to give it some flavor. The "Thai Pho" was the same soup based with some sour flavoring (tamarind?) added and spices, it was slightly better.
My girlfriend is Vietnamese so has definitely tried her fair share and grew up with this soup every Saturday. Also, no beef pho? We wanted to give it a chance, but I prefer a spot on Washington Ave any day. If you're going for authentic, this is not it. If you're going for good fusion, this is not it.Really enjoy taking out via UberEats or grubhub. Never dined in only because I work a lot and depend on good food to make it through lunch and dinner. Ordered chicken pho and Thai salad. Both really awesome!Out riding are bikes up in fish town and we stopped by on Saturday.  We were there first customers. Started with the cobia which was perfect. Next up the salad with just enough heat. Excellent. Being Saturday I ordered the pork and my wife ordered the chicken Bahn mi sandwiches. Home run. Finished up with the pineapple dessert and it was fantastic.  You will enjoy your meal.I've wanted to try this place for a long time since I absolutely LOVE pho and I've heard their chicken pho is really phenomenal and I finally got the chance to try it. 
First off, price wise definitely a big mark - up compared to Washington Ave, but I certainly don't mind paying more for quality or taste. I'm not sure if this is a Ubereats extra charge, but if you order here it makes you choose " extra noodles + 2 dollars or +2.50 ( or some charge around there) for extra chicken) there's no choice for neither... which made it about $14-15 without tip for the delivery ( without the extra ubereats charge, just purely food). That gets you TWO bowls of pho at Washington Ave to put it in perspective.
Overall, I was quite a bit underwhelmed. I found the soup broth to be a bit too oily, I even had some leftovers, which had that huge film of oil/fat that freezes over on the top (and this has not happened with my leftovers from Washington). The soup has some nice spices though, you can definitely tell the chef puts a lot of love into it with the balancing of the spices, so this is totally a personal preference but there was a little bit too much star anise for me. However, I will say that their chicken is VERY GOOD -- extremely tender some of the best quality chicken I've had in chicken pho, even compared to my favorite Washington Ave spots. 
My dream would to be combine their chicken at Stock with the broth at Washington ave. 
Overall it wasn't my cup of tea (or bowl of pho.. har har har) , but it may be for someone! Since I wasn't in love with the broth, I'm unable to justify the price versus the other spots I frequent.I love coming hereFood and service are always top notch. I live nearby so its great I can walk and its BYO
I just realized that I've only ever ate Chicken Pho all the times I've been here and its always delicious. 
My wife and various friends I've came with have pretty much been through the menu and everything has always been great and super fresh. 
If you like this style of cooking then I highly recommend you check it out.I've only been eating Pho for about two years or so and I'd heard that this place was great but  was never interested since they did not have beef Pho, which is all I'd ever had and had come to love. Last night my squeeze and I ordered and WHOA, have we been missing out! I had the chicken and he had the mushroom. The broth in each of them was stupendous! The mushroom broth had a taste similar to clove and the chicken tasted like a traditional pho broth  and had layers of flavor that went straight to my pho lovin heart. This will be my new go to pho spot.Best Banh Mi in philly. Have it with the crispy tofu! Very  gratifying experience . Great attitude of the servers and staff. Small and cozy place.Very quaint restaurant. Stopped in for lunch while U was in the city for work. The restaurant is very small but we sat at the bar and enjoyed watching our food being prepared. The server was friendly and offered some recommendations since it was my first time there. I had the Spicy Peanut Noodles. The dish had the right amount of heat where I could taste it but wasn't sweating after! The pho looked good and I want to come back to try it next time.Ordered the tofu bahn mis as take out a couple weeks ago. They were good, but honestly pricey compared to other places. Realistically won't be back, since they're pretty far from us, but if we lived in Fishtown we'd go back.On weekend afternoons they serve a Bahn Mi. By far the best quality of ingredients I have had in a Philly Bahn Mi. We will be back!i usually like hipster food but hipster pho is gross - should have listened to my instincts but i had recently had white ramen that i actually liked (i'm usually not into fusion food) so i thought i'd try hipster pho.
when you walk in you can tell instantly that it doesn't smell like regular pho - it smells really shroomy.  The broth in the beef pho is kind of bland and really salty at the same time.  the beef pieces in the pho (which is the one thing i thought would probably be better quality than the usually cheaper authentic places) was pretty tough and the flank was fatty (but not a melt in your mouth kind of fatty), the tofu bahn mi was really salty but the french roll it was on was very good.
Also - the vietnamese iced coffee had like cardamom in it - they should tell you that on the menu as I would have gotten another drink instead.Love this place! Love the wonderful ppl that work here and the amazing food they make. 
I've been to many pho places and Stock is one of my faves here in Philadelphia.
Love their salads! 
Tofu pho is bomb!!Picked this place for our first trip to Fishtown. The place smells amazing ? From their broth. I ordered the "good deal" pho which comes with chicken in spicy broth. Amazing, hot, filling. I only could finish half and the rest Tasted just as great the next day. The banh mi with sausage was big enough for 4 of us to share as an appetizer. Wasn't too bready and perfectly toasted. I do agree w some that the broth is a bit on the salty side compared other places but it's so so flavorful with other spices in it.... not a place for big parties but definitely coming back w mom to try their other pho. Also good to know that they don't use MSG.Considering the neighborhood, this hip little asian fusion joint fits in perfectly here.
I came in on a weekend for a meal at the bar with a few friends. I went with the chicken Khao Poon, which doesn't seem to be on the regular menu. It's a sweet and spicy coconut based Camobdian soup with what seems to be pho noodles. The soup was actually quite delicious with peanuts, cilantro, bean sprouts, and i think basil. 
The chicken is free range and was cooked perfectly. All the meal assembly is done out in the open and you can see them prepare everything before you. The chicken is pre cooked and just added to the soup stock with the noodles. 
I definitely would recommend this. I'm not sure about the authenticity of it, but as far as noodles go, this was good.Since moving into the area Stock has been one of the places high on my list to try. We finally made it over there on a cold Friday night and weren't disappointed. The space is quite small but they make efficient use of it and if you want to make sure that you won't have to wait for a seat go early. We went at around 6 pm and were able to sit right down at a table for 2. The menu is exceedingly simple but there is nothing wrong with that. We ordered the hamachi crudo and the winter melon salad, both were excellent and the winter melon salad was actually quite large. For pho we both just went with the large beef pho. It was quite good, the broth was very good and had almost floral notes to it that really added to the flavor and the beef cuts were excellent. This is not going to be like Pho Ha or Pho 75 out on Washington Ave but it's most certainly a nice addition to the pho line up in Philly. We will be back when they change the menu up a bit.I love coming hereFood and service are always top notch. I live nearby so its great I can walk and its BYO
I just realized that I've only ever ate Chicken Pho all the times I've been here and its always delicious. 
My wife and various friends I've came with have pretty much been through the menu and everything has always been great and super fresh. 
If you like this style of cooking then I highly recommend you check it out.  
Still love coming to Stock. Everything is alway super fresh and tasty with great service.This tiny hole in the wall BYOB is completely focused on the food.  Mostly counter seating and a couple of tables.  
I've tried the tofu banh mi, which was pretty good, if not entirely what I would think of as a traditional banh mi.  I think it was pickled ginger piled on top of the sandwich, which I've never seen before... but I'm no expert.  It wasn't bad, but not my favorite.  However, and more importantly, the sandwich did have good bread and the tofu worked well flavored to the sandwich. 
The missus ordered the khao poon.  It's a soup with curried coconut milk, chilies, noodles, veggies, and a bunch more.  This was very good.  Lots of flavor packing into this bowl.
I ordered the chicken pho.  The broth was good, and hit the spot on a cold evening.  While chicken isn't the type of pho that I'd typically order, this one wasn't bad.  I felt like the broth was missing something, but again chicken pho isn't what I typically order, or maybe I've just used to a different broth.  
The bowls of soup are huge, and I was stuffed when we left.One of my favorite restaurants. We come here usually once a week. Service is great and food is just as good. You might have to wait for a table if you're party is more than 2 but it's worth it!I never get to eat Pho because it is always beef based, finally a rich mushroom broth option. Stock was a wonderful way for us to end a great weekend in Philadelphia. Next time we visit we will dine at Stock again. The food and service were fantastic!Great, Great BYOB in Fishtown!!
We have eaten here 4 times now and will continue to come back.  
Place is small, although they maybe opening some tables to the back.  Menu is limited, but each entry is great.  
To me the best part is the cleanness and freshness of the Pho broth!
There maybe other Pho restaurants in Philly but known with bettter broth!Best banh mi.. best pho.. best everything. Freshest ingredients and thoughtful composition. I eat one tofu banh mi a week. It's top notch and I would recommend it to anyone. Thank you Stock for existing!I've heard great things about this place but was never able to try it due to reasons beyond my control. The first time we came on a Saturday night and they were closed, which was strange since according to the hours indicated on the door, the should have been open. We tried again 2 weeks later on a Friday night. My husband circled around for parking for 45 minutes. He walked in and the staff said they are sold out...of everything...on a Friday night. We tried to call in advance given what happened the first night but they don't have a phone. It's too much trouble to eat at this place. We won't be trying a third time.Hipster. Pho. I mean, it's in Fishtown, after all. BF wanted to try it.
As soon as you walk through the doors, the smell of excessive star anise hits you up the nostrils. 
Pho - I knew this wasn't going to be the typical pho restaurant. There were only two pho options on the menu (beef and mushroom), so I decided to get the one I can't get elsewhere. LOL mushroom pho. It's vegan. (What the...). But the broth was tasty enough and I liked the texture of the rice noodles. But seriously, who puts TOFU in pho? 
Iced "Vietnamese coffee" - locally sourced, so they don't even use the typical coffee that's offered in most Vietnamese restaurants. And they add cardamom to it. That's not Vietnamese coffee. It reminded me a bit of chai tea. C'mon, which one do you wanna be, chai or coffee?
Overall, I've had better and would rather travel to Washington Ave. for real pho. Lol the server didn't even say "pho" correctly. But, uh, at least the people working there were friendly. They tried.Love this place, the food is excellent. However, I tried to go with my fiancé and was turned away at 8:45. their website clearly states they stop seating at 9:00, not 8:45.. we don't have time to enjoy a meal out together often so this was disappointing especially after seeing a full restaurant with people sitting there after already being served.  It was clear that many of them weren't leaving any time soon with almost full bottles of wine on their tables.Super yuppie spot. Pho is reasonably priced but just wasn't very good. I appreciate using better ingredients and all that, but if you go to any pho spot on washington it's going to taste better. I was honestly pretty disappointed. I will say the beef balls are maybe the best I've ever had.Best food in Fishtown hands down. Incredible banh mi sandwiches and pho. Full of incredible and authentic Vietnamese and Thai inspired flavors. Nothing disappoints. Service is perfect.One of my favorite restaurants in the neighborhood. It's BYOB and the staff is always so friendly and make great recommendations. Even though they have a small menu, they always have a new special and/or changing up the menu with new additions. Highly recommend trying any of their specials.I love this place. The Green Mango Salad and Mushroom Pho are my favorites. Everyone is super nice. I can't stop craving it and wanting to go back.Visited in the evening for a quick bite. All of the food was excellent and the price was reasonable. Definitely worth checking out and will likely be back again. Chicken banh mi was great.This place really takes something authentic and put's a horrible twist on it. Some things are best left untouched. The pho here is probably the blandest I've ever had, especially with the price they charge. Just go to an actual Vietnamese restaurant for Vietnamese food..?We have been here more than 5 times already, so short version of my review: it's very good quality and taste! The pho is amazingly good, absolutely a perfect balance of rich and clean tasting broth and quality of the beef (even noodles taste good too)! Besides pho there are salads which are good as well as bahn mi. Every time we come here we are surprised by the new items on the menu. Today was a delicious pineapple desert dish. So we will back again and again.Dat Banh Mi and Mushroom Pho is . Tried chicken and pork and both are amazing; but the bun they use is key! Very very good.  Tight sitting as it's a small place but you can always find a table or just grab a spot at the bar. This place is awesome!Update: because I love food and always want to try new places I forced myself to go back. Again went the take out route. This time the staff was very friendly (6/26/18). The food was good. Not great, but good. Could be because it was take out and more or less prepared and presented by myself as pho is given in seperate containers when taking out. It was good enough for me to go back, and will likely dine in next time.
Would rate 3 out of 5 due to inconvenience of first time, the unfriendliness of the people from the first time, and food was just good. They did improve from a 1 out of 5 though.I get that a lot of people want traditional pho, and Stock's pho diverges from that, but I still love the flavor.  The khao poon is really yummy and filling--love the coconut milk base.  The "Good Deal" is also really good--nice and spicy.  
I love the minimalist decor and am thoroughly impressed with how much they can do with their hot-plate-only, exposed kitchen.
My only gripes with this place is that while the staff are quick and efficient, they're not the warmest people in the world. No smiles or friendly banter.  Also, the last time I was there I told the waitress that my broth was only lukewarm and asked for it to be heated. She told me "That's the way it's served."...Come on, now. I've been to this place at least 10 times, always order the same thing, and never before had it been served lukewarm.  Also, just heat up the soup! Don't tell me how to enjoy my own meal. Besides, who likes lukewarm soup?
Regardless, I'm overall a fan of this place for the quality of their food, and I'll be back. But I'll be hoping for hot, not lukewarm, broth!Hands down my favorite Pho I have ever had. I had The Good Deal. I had them put the chili oil on the side so I could control the amount of spice which was ideal. So delicious.I have been trying several Pho restaurants for many years and this is the only place so far knowing how to do chicken Pho. It is very surprising how they can do chicken breasts so juicy and make soup/broth so well reasoned. Usually, when I have pho, I always ask to add some ground white pepper but not this place, and their som tam salad is amazing. The restaurant is very small so not a place for a group, and the only problem I have is parking.If you are into regular Vietnamese food, you will find that stock is not that great. The quality of the ingredients were great but everything tasted understated/water downed. The pho lacked depth, the papaya salad wasn't sour enough, the Bahn mi lacked crunch. The prices are also significantly higher at stock too.We ate at Stock today in the early afternoon in Sunday. We had the chicken and mushroom pho and both were excellent. The broth was complex and satisfying, and clean-tasting. I think the pho served at the standard Vietnamese restaurants are stronger in flavor, but Tyler's broths are really capable of standing on their own. We had a great experience. Dessert was also very nice. He made sure to talk with every seated customer to make sure they were satisfied. How could they be not? Everyone was happy. It was like being in a secret club. We wish him the best. Thanks NicoleI really wanted to like it here, but I may be too much of a traditionalist when it comes to Vietnamese food - and the staple Pho, in general. Husband and I ordered iced coffees, raw flank, and 2 Phos. The iced coffee was good, but not Vietnamese. The cardamom was very overpowering and seemed thick or gritty. I enjoyed the raw flank the most, as it had a nice balance of acidity and spice, but the flank was way too thick. We got the traditional Phos, and there are good and bad things to discuss. First, the meat was very tender, but there wasn't enough. The broth is tasty, but it's not a pho broth. Sorry. It was more like a miso broth to me. Pho broth is supposed to be clear, clean, and unmuddled. To a non-Pho-natic, it may be a very delicious and budget friendly experience. Had to ask for hoisin and Sriracha, and the bean sprouts were weird. In its own right, it'll do well with the neighborhood and for those who want to try something "cool". I would recommend a bench or something in front of the restaurant so you can have somewhere to wait instead of just awkwardly hovering until they call you in, which is what we had to do.My goodness, that's a lot of hype!
Stopped in yesterday for snacks with Zack. We split a papaya salad ($7.50) and chicken banh mi ($8).
The papaya salad was very small and was overrun with "crispy shallots." Think funion-style. They got soggy in the fish sauce. Not a good look.
The banh mi, however, was delicious. Great size, juicy lemongrass chicken, bread that crisped in all the right places. More funion-y shallots here, however it seemed more appropriate on a sandwich. If you dislike cilantro, I would ask your server to do without. There were many, many sprigs of cilantro on this sandwich.
Atmosphere is cute and clean, and the service was kind. I'll be back to try the pho.The quality of the meat is really good in the pho.  I enjoyed the crudo I started with as well, but it was less exciting.  Location is not the easiest to get to - I suppose it's pretty "hipster" and adds to that vibe, but we had an enjoyable meal.  Love the BYOB vibe - very small and I can appreciate the we do a few things well sentiment - and they do.  The pho itself was a little on the bland side unless you add the herbs they give you and some sriracha, but the quality of ingredients was great.  They were out of bahn mi when we went, so we'd like to return to try that out next time, I'd go again, but not often - it's too far and I've been told there are other good pho places to check out.We sat at the counter, i love the counter sitting vibe. The soup was delicious and messy (as a good soup should be). mine had some crunchy roasted garlic that i dreamt about for months. it was the perfect place to chat with my friends and enjoy a hearty meal. 
the space is small but the flavor is big. i will definitely be trying this place again!tofu banh mi was "just alright"?? you're outta your mind. i don't think it's possible to make that sandwich any better. we go here once a week usually. everything is good as-is but better with hot sauce. not much seating for parties of more than two. don't go here, i don't care - more for meeeefood is always great and the owners are super friendly. it was a sad day when they stopped serving the grass fed beef pho but the "good deal" is now a fav of mine. 
nice casual byo for a quick meal. highly recommendSmall, limited hours of operation and totally worth it.  Yummy!
There is a counter and a few tables.  We sat at the counter.  It was fun watching then cooks use their techniques to prepare our meals.  I went with a bahn mi and my vegetarian date had the vegetarian pho.  Both were tasty.
I wondered aloud why they didn't open for lunch too and was told that since their space was so small the serving area was also the prep area and in order to be open for lunch they would have to start prep way too early in the morning.  Since it is against my religion to rise before the sun does I was totally down with that.
Bottom line, I will totally return and I'm sure I'll enjoy every time.I had to immediately meander home in order to tell you just how phenomenal this little gem is before this culinary erection of mine wears off!  (Warning to all gentleman who intend on visiting this establishment...DON'T wear tight pants here, they'll only become more restricting as your dining experience progress & that can lead to an awkward situation in a small establishment like this).  
A friend and I started our journey with the Cobia Salad which if I recall correctly consisted of Cobia , dill, pomelo and ginger.  The cobia was perfectly prepared...not to thick, not too thin & incredibly tender.  Sooo tender that even you're  toothless uncle from Pennsyltucky can enjoy this plate because there is no chewing necessary.  As far as the dill is concerned, ether Chef Tyler has gnomes prepping the dill or he's using nose hair trimmers to prep it because every individual piece was perfectly cut as well as  sized appropriately for each piece of fish.  Every bite had just enough of the ginger/dill flavor combo to prompt my stomach's appetizer cavity to beg for more.  
 The Green Papaya Salad came next.  Consisting of rau ram, shallots, peanuts, fish sauce this plate has a slight hint of spice to it.  It was nice and light and a great salad to have before a bowl of Pho.  
The Beef Pho:
  The MEATBALLS...all of them in my mouth please...like all of them!   It is balls of meat like the ones that you NOW discover hidden in the beef Pho that make it impossible for me to ever become a vegetarian!  Oh and not only are there meatballs in the beef Pho, but also several other cuts of beef in different shapes and sizes all of which were sized appropriately and tasted like everything I could have ever dreamed.  I elected to go with the "Small Pho" which was ginormous enough.  It leaves me wondering if the large is actually a bucket as opposed to a bowl (Don't get me wrong I'll take a bucket of it anytime). The Pho simply put is everything I desired/needed/dreamed/hoped it would be.  
Other notes...
   -The staff was incredibly friendly and knowledgeable 
   -The Thai Ice Tea was on point
   -Great little date spot 
   -Relaxing atmosphere where you don't feel rushed
   -Simple & welcomingAfter being told this was somewhere I needed to go for dinner... I finally got the chance and was extremely satisfied.
Although very small... The minimalistic decor and dim lighting made for a very cozy environment. 20-minute wait on a Monday night.. Not bad at all.
We started off with the Burmese Cold Noodles which instantly became one of the best items I've ever had at a restaurant. Easily could have just had that for my entree considering the portion was pretty big. I'm typically one to add either more pepper or hot sauce to my food but I wouldn't dare change this dish. Perfect as is.
For the entrees... My girlfriend had the Mushroom Pho which is what Stock is famous for. It's not everyday you hear of a vegan-friendly pho. She enjoyed it so much!! Portion was huge but she couldn't stop herself from eating :) As someone who is Vietnamese, I had to give it a try and the hype around it is well-deserved.
I had the Khao Poon which is a hot noodle coconut curry dish. Despite usually not being a fan of soupy dishes... I loveddddddd this so much!! There was a good amount of spice and the added tofu was a bonus. Couldn't have picked a better meal for a cold night!
We were so happy with our first experience we've already discussed making it a weekly dinner spot from now on :DAwesome to have a cool, new byo so close by. I'm not going to compare it to Washington ave. because it is different. The pho was awesome and I tried both of the raw apps which were excellent. Simple and short menu is nice. Maybe it's just because I'd had a few before arriving, but I found the menu confusing. Just not clearly labeled between salads/apps/pho and everything is roughly the same price so it's difficult to tell what's what. Anyways I'm glad I accidentally ordered a raw app because it was delicious, and prompted me to try the other one. Didn't get a chance to mess with the salads, maybe next time. But super solid pho and a cool atmosphere. Good stuff, I would come back. Maybe next week!Been living in Fishtown for a few years now and while there are so many good places to eat, only one or two have been as consistent, welcoming, and a no-brainer destination for me as Stock. I come here often for lunch when I work from home. Reasonably priced, friendly staff, and bonkers delicious food. Highly recommend the cold noodle dishes, particularly the kao soi and burmese street noodles (with prahok katee added) will blow your mind. But you can't go wrong with the chicken or mushroom pho, the banh mi, or the khao poon.When Grub Hub failed me by delivering my Chicken Pho to the wrong address, Tyler, the chef (owner?) at Stock personally delivered it to the Airbnb where I was staying. I was majorly bummed (and starving) when I called Stock wondering where my order was and found out Grub Hub had failed. I'd been having a really terrible week and that was just one more drop in the bucket for me. Tyler called me back within minutes and said he was having his guys make me a new order (it was closing time for them) and he was going to drop it off. Not only was the customer service amazing, the Chicken Pho is THE BEST pho I have ever had. Thanks Tyler and team for making my day!!!This restaurant is a minimalist's dream. The restaurant only seats 18 (including the bar) and there is only one 4-top table. They don't take reservations so arrive early. The kitchen is open to the rest of the restaurant and it's wonderful to be able to watch the chefs cook while you eat. The menu is short and simple but the food is anything but. The Khao Poon is the standout - don't skip it, it's everyone's favorite. Portion sizes are quite large and can definitely be shared, but the dishes taste so good you can definitely finish them on your own. The service was really top notch. Our server was kind and attentive without being overbearing. I would absolutely come back here in a heartbeat.This place was bad. I got the vegetarian pho and it tasted like tofu in hot water. I guess one good thing is that it wasn't very expensive...go somewhere else instead.Such tasty chicken pho. Fresh ingredients, fast service (once you're seated, but I wouldn't recommend trying to find seating for more than 2 people), and done with just heating plates. Pretty impressive. I'm nearby and have had it several times; so glad to not have to travel to Washington Ave for some pho!This place is seriously so good. I've never had anything here I didn't love. We always get the pork dip, two pho's and Mexican cokes - it is a byob so if you're feeling saucey bring your own. I can't wait to try their other restaurantsStock has quickly become one of my favorite restaurants in Fishtown. The food is delicious and very reasonably priced. I love that the menu is small and that the featured salads and desserts change from time to time. All of the ingredients are fresh and high quality. I also love that there are vegetarian options.Excellent service! With some great food def worth trying the crab salad if you like spicy things!  Was welcomed at the door with a friendly greeting and asked for their recommendation. They were very helpful in my choice and I am glad I asked.Damn. Great noods, affordable, super attentive staff. Byo. What better can you ask for?I came in this evening and ordered 2 of the mushroom Pho for takeout.  We had a half hour drive, during which one of the containers must have shifted and the entire contents spilled out.  We arrived home with only one container of Pho to feed 5 of us.  Disappointing but the one container we had was out of this world good.  I highly recommend this place, but am frustrated I cannot get a hold of them (no phone) to report what had happened.  I would have called right away but this is the only method of communication I believe.  Great spot, very nice people and great food!Great bahn Mis, great pho, an ever changing interesting selection of salads, and wonderful staff. Stock is BYOB and is a great atmosphere for date night or hanging out with friends!Food was very good and staff was friendly. Large portions.
Love this place!I wanted to love this place. I was so excited when I heard that a new Pho place was opening up in my neighborhood. The first time I tried to go I m glad I looked up the hours because they are closed on Tuesdays and Wednesdays which I think is odd. 
I have tried about 10 different pho places in Philadelphia and more outside of Philadelphia but I felt that the menu is too limited. I think there were only 8 items on the menu. We tried the raw flank which was delicious! There were only 2 choices of Pho - Beef or Mushroom. I ordered the beef,  the broth tasted good the beef might have even been a step above the beef I have had in pho previously.. I thought for Pho it was a little overpriced and I am sure it will introduce some of the people of Fishtown to Pho. But I would rather go to South Philly or even Kensington Ave to a place with a larger menu and no waiting 20 minutes to be seated. 
So in short. The food is good. It is worth trying the place out. It is clean and smells really good when you walk in. If you sit at the counter you can watch everything going on. They take credit cards which is a huge plus. The food comes out pretty quickly and the server was extremely knowledgeable about the items on the menu and described things well. I really wish they would serve the bahn mi at dinner. I might have purchased one to go with the pho. Guess I will have to go back to try it at lunch time.I've tried practically everything on the menu, except the pho with mushroom broth and all of the dishes are tasty.The food is absolutely delicious and the service is wonderful.  We travel from Rittenhouse to eat at Stock a few times a month.Incredible. I was new to Pho before my girlfriend took me here. It was life changing. So fantastic. Immeasurable taste and serviceReally good authentic Vietnamese pho. Full of flavor and very fresh! Also was perfect for the cold weekend. Servicers are also very friendly.As always we were on a quest for Pho. We found this place on Yelp and since we were in the neighborhood we checked it out.The waitress we had was very nice and professional. She came and took our order quickly. We had the Papaya salad to start and due to an allergy I asked to hold the nut topping. This was not a problem- she was happy to help me out with that request- Which is a HUGE deal to me. So THANKS!!! We each had a soup that was so good!!!  The broths were so flavorful. I am craving it right now as I type this. I also had an iced coffee that was super good. We were really pleased with this place, I know you will be too.I freaking love Stock. I would go there once a week if I could. It has one of the best Bahn Mi sandwiches I've ever tasted. Had the burmese cold noodles last time I went and it was delicious. I'm excited to try the pho once it gets a little cooler out. It's a pretty small place so not good for groups. There are tables for 2 along the wall, seats at the counter and one table for four.The pho is delicious and the pork cabbage appetizer is the best thing ever and so it the Vietnamese coffee. It's also a really cute place with a really intimate feel!I loved the food in this place...the mushroom and chicken pho were all amazing...the seating is tight, but I can deal with that.   What I CANNOT stand is that they don't have a phone.  What that means is that I cannot call to order anything to take home...even though they have takeout options.  Also on more than one occasion they are closed, somewhat inexplicably based on their posted internet hours...my husband says stock is like the hot chick you can't date...you try and try but you just give up after a while ...Best chicken stock I've ever tasted. Balanced, luscious and perfectly seasoned. The chicken in the chicken pho was silky and high quality (no industrial chicken here). 
The viet style green papaya salad was lip smacking and crave worthy. Stock uses high quality ingredients and balances them well. 
Thank you for offering truly nourishing, delicious and satisfying food!The pho is well prepared and does not contain MSG or additives. It tastes like a quality beef bone broth. Its very good, except it lacks a cutting /sharp component that I find necessary with Pho. I think if they added some house-made chili paste to the table for people like me I would be giving a 5 star review. I have been here a few times and the soup is great, but leaves me feeling a bit beef -greased- out. I need that spicy flav, people of Stock.Absolutely amazing experience!! First off, the host is hot. Like hotter than their spicy sauce hot. The minimalist decor and small space feels very welcoming. Steph was super knowledgeable and lead me the right way. No apps today, but the peanut noodles absolutely blew me away. Absolutely recommended to anyone that loves noodles. Five freakin stars!!!!Absolutely a great experience every time we go. The pho is top notch, especially the beef flavor in the winter. All the appetizers are great as well. Bahn mi is top 5 in the city.Had the chicken pho and I must say it was really good. Usually most pho tastes somewhat the same but this pho was very good. It just tasted really fresh and seemed to have minimum salt since I wasn't thirsty later. All in all a very good dish that I will be ordering again.Tried to get pho in Kensington, but the place was closed. My friend took me to Stock instead. Have to admit I was skeptical. There was a guy with a hipster beard and lederhosen eating at the counter. But, the smell of fresh herbs and the deep aroma of simmering pho stock was heavenly. Very friendly server recommended the Thai chicken, which I chose to have over the Burmese sesame noodles. All I can say is WOW. perfection in a bowl. It was a flavor explosion, in the best possible way. Wish I had time to go into more detail. Suffice it to say I will return and try more dishes. Highest rating, and compliments to the chef. Outrageously good and fresh.i am a yellow man that loves noodle soup- ramen, udon, hand drawn, and of course pho. i was up for the idea of a pho place on girard but i think the place definitely tries a little harder than it needs to.. why wouldn't you just go to a real vietnamese restaurant?
the beef noodle soup didn't have much meat in it but tasted just fine..
i don't really see any need to go back, especially since there is a small handful of vietnamese spots on kensington ave that i imagine most locals dont know about- hint hint..The food is solid, edible, and you could also use the word delicious in describing it. The chefs forage into the darkest parts of the deepest forests to harvest the perfect ingredients. 
I heard an assistant chef even caught a rare case of Malaysian Snotty Lung while looking for spices in Bhutan --- a pulmonary disease whose main symptoms are psychological but which includes a wet lung, which is usually found among French teenagers. 
I'm just kidding, the food is really good. Eat here.I've had nothing but great soups and Bahn mi's here. Worth the drive across town (and away from my usual beloved Washington ave spots), and price for the taste and size. 
Try all the soups, including the vegan shroomy pho, and the sammichez!Love love love this place! Went here with a friend for a quick dinner. It's a small, cozy place and a whiff of deliciousness hits you in the face when you enter. We shared a salad which I can't remember the name of, and can't see on the menu online- but it was amazing. We polished that plate off so fast! Both of us got chicken banh mis and had them add some siracha to it. Boy, the jalapeños added such a kick to it but the sandwiches were delicious and the bread was so fresh and perfect. I also had some chrysanthemum tea thing which was not good and I ended up only drinking a few sips. Would definitely go back and try the pho too!Due to a layover, on a recent trip to New York, I found myself in Philly. I'd be lying if this place hadn't piqued my interest due to recent publications/events but I wanted to see first hand what all the fuss was about. To dim sum it up, this place is as authentic to Vietnamese as Taco Bell is to Mexican food. It was pretty meh. I don't think Hoisin and/or Sriracha sauce could have saved this broth. Way too salty for my taste. The pork sausage "banh mi" was okay... nothing to write home about. If you're looking for "traditional" Vietnamese then this place isn't for you. Overall, kind of pretentious but it's what you'd expect from the Fishtown district or any hipster-havens across the world.Ordered the mushroom pho and tofu bahn mi to be delivered. I'm vegan and LOVE the fact that I can have filling, delicious vegan pho delivered to my door. The bahn mi was excellent. I really enjoyed the roll. I got extra noodles with my pho. Broth was flavorful and the portions of noodles and pho toppings were great. Would have been 5 starts but the delivery was almost an hour later than estimated, which is odd being that Stock is only about a mile from my apartment. Looking forward to my next experience.Suuuuuuuper Delicious!!!! I am a Pho fanatic, had heard really good things about this place, but it opened in the summer, at a time where I'm not interested in soup. Now that it's getting cooler, especially at night, I decided to head over to Stock and check it out. The restaurant is small and quaint, with maybe seating for 20. But the Pho was banging! The secret is the STOCK. The flavors were brilliant, and the grass fed beef and meatballs in the beef Pho was delicious.   This will definitely be my go to place this winter. My only complaint is the hours. It's closed Tuesday's & Wednesday's, and only open for lunch on the weekends. But I figure hours will change, the busier the place gets.A very small restaurant so plan wisely! We were a party of 3 so we sat at the counter.  We shared the Green papaya salad, which was good but pretty spicy.  I ate the beef pho, which was the best pho I've had so far. The broth was so flavorful!  My brother's girlfriend ordered the mushroom pho.  The mushroom pho was good but the beef pho had more flavor.  The service was good.  And the take AMEX! :)The food is great, and the staff is always so nice. I love their pho. Today I also had a cucumber salad app which was a special, it was perfect. They recently added chicken pho to the menu, I  it, the chicken was very moist and juicy, unlike the dry sliced chicken I usually get at places on Washington Ave. If you're in Fishtown or live in Fishtown, try this great BYOB.I like Stock because it's small and simple, oh and there's vegan options and I don't have to travel to South Philly where there's questionable "vegetarian" Pho because 90% is made with fish sauce. 
Good portions and a great addition to the neighborhood3.5/5
I was very excited to eat here due to the restaurant selling point for its quality broth and uniqueness of its small menu (3 main entree choices) of vietnamese and thai fusion. I am pretty familiar with these two asian cuisines and have been a huge fan of both, not to mention, broth noodles on a cold day always wins!
My friend had the vegetarian mushroom broth pho, while I had the kho poon. While we both enjoyed our broth noodles, I had higher expectations seeing reviews and pictures prior to coming, however felt the broth was not particularly unique and did not taste the fusion of the two cuisines. The broth was good, but felt it had yet to achieve the balance in which I would find in other vietnamese/thai restaurants.It thought I'd have to say good bye to pho when I went vegan, but this place is amazing and hits the spot. 
My regular go to dishes are: 
Gin Thoke- a zesty, delicious salad with lots of crunch and texture!
The tofu banh mi is so good I don't even miss meat sandwiches. 
Khao Poon is so creamy, savory with a hint of sweet deliciousness, with just enough heat.
The Burmese cold noodles brink a lot of savory heat for a cold dish. It's become my hot weather favorite!My last review was when I ordered delivery. I'm  so glad I took the chance to try them again in person. 
The delivery was underwhelming, not even about the soup being cold or the noodles getting stuck together -- the broth was even different!
So I know, $10 is steep for a bowl of Pho -- but the broth is very good ( I got the chicken pho). It's light, clean, savory and the broth is quite cleary and not cloudy. It totally hit the spot, good portion and it's BYO! If I lived in the area I'd probably go more often.Food was 5 stars and its a cool spot, and will definitely go back.  The price and quality may make it a bi-weekly trip, but the service seemed privileged.I've eaten here a few times already and will certainly return.  The 2 highlights are the high quality fresh ingredients in each offering and the extraordinary service.  One of the owners, Nicole, is particularly accommodating and graciously welcomes you into this modern space then follows up to make sure you're satisfied.  The other owner, Tyler, is clearly skilled in the kitchen, but seems too engrossed in the process to actually enjoy the moment.  The pho's broth is almost perfect, quite complex and elegant.  The improvement I'm hopeful they'll make is to dramatically reduce the pho's sugar content.  On occasion they have Bahn Mi.  If it's available, you must have it! I loved the reinterpretation of the Vietnamese coffee (brewed with cardamom) as it's reminiscent of central Asian states.  EnjoyGreat food all around. This was my first pho experience and I would have to say... I'm hooked now. Would definitely recommend this place for food, staff and atmosphere.There was a lot of good press about Stock. Since I live around the corner and was not interested in cooking - I took the family for a little excursion. I like the layout of the place. Very stark but clean lines. Person who took our order was super friendly and it was pretty crowded for a week night. Took a short walk around the hood and checked out the very cool 5 and dime store close by (it's worth a visit). Food was ready by the time we walked back (less than 15 mins). 
So - that's all the good news. The less than good news is that the food wasn't that tasty. I have eaten pho at a number of spots around Philly and in NY and this was not as memorable. I wish it was as it is logistically favorable to me. 
The banh mi tofu sandwich was better than the pho. I will certainly give it another try and hopefully they will work out the kinks. 
The staff is super friendly, the place is clean and having something more exotic than a gastro pub is an exciting prospect for this area. I'll update my review when I visit again.Went to Stock with my girlfriend a few nights ago.  The food was decent.  My only complaint was that there were not many options on the menu and some of the portions were a bit small.  All in all, not bad.  The staff was really nice :)  If you like pho and live in Fishtown, try it out.Sadly 3.5 stars is not an option, but that's exactly how I would rate the food here. Given the small menu, you get the impression that what they do, they do exceptionally well.. However I found my meal to be a little under-whelming. While the beef pho had good quality meat, I just wished there would be more of it (esp for the price). Noodles were perfectly cooked but the broth was way too sweet for my taste. Mango salad and raw apps were very well prepared... But if you're only going to offer one dessert I suggest it be something a little more memorable and not one I could easily replicate at home. Nevertheless, I'll probably be back to try the few dishes I missed.I love this place.  Ive been to it a few times and finally convinced it's a gift to the neighborhood.  I am very in love with the beef pho and my vegetarian friends swear the mushroom pho is incredible.  The two salads Ive had are outstanding.  They always amaze me with the food here.  
I find all the "Vietnamese" yelpers here a bit funny.  They always seem to have completed only 10 or less yelp reviews and while they complain that Stock isn't "authentic" they blatantly describe the opposite of my meals here as "weak" and empty dishes while recommending some Pho place elsewhere - that they probably work at or own!  If Im wrong about that, then consider this:  Stock never claimed to be "authentic" they claim to be of higher quality ingredients.  Im happy to spend $9 in my neighborhood for steroid free food, rather than head down to South Philly or Chinatown just to save $4 and gain so much msg. *by the way: if I took the el to either place, it would cost me $4 round trip.  Hmm.
**oh yeah, not being "authentic" has helped ensure that there's not a south philly or chinatown quality bathroom... and you know what I mean by that.Love the ambiance and inviting space. 
The hamachi app was pretty good and the tofu banh mi was also just alright. 
On to the Pho: In my opinion the broth was just way too salty and just off. Something about this broth was just over done, over reduced?, just completely lacking in the brightness that keeps you coming back for more when you are eating a bowl of pho. I had to add a bunch of things in the broth to make it through eating half my bowl and it was truly too salty to completely finish. That being said, the meat in it was delicious and the noodles were a perfect texture. 
I appreciate that there is a now Vietnamese joint in the area and perhaps I'd come back to try the vegetarian soup options?A small space with a small, but mighty menu. 
I was a little hesitant to try this place, since we have such tried and true staples on Washington Ave., but Fishtown was lacking in Pho options and this place is delicious. They only have 2 types of Pho (beef and vegetarian) so that cuts down on my usual Pho anxiety. "Do I like tripe? Do I not?" Anyway, the vegetarian pho here is rare bc even the broth is truly vegetarian, which I have heard is hard to find. Both options are worthwhile. 
Service is friendly. Space is bright and cute. Perfect for a chilly day!I tried Stock hoping for a good alternative from your traditional beef broth pho and that's exactly what I got. The mushroom pho was extremely satisfying, the side veggies were fresh, the iced coffee was excellent, and the server and chef were extremely polite and helpful. To say it had the depth of flavor or sensation of umami of a great classic bowl of pho would be a stretch, but that's not what I was expecting. And let's be honest, we don't all need to eat beef and msg on a weekly basis. I would say that not only is there a place for a more progressive pho option like Stock in the city, there was a very real need for one.Papaya salad was inedible! It was ridiculously spicy and there were no shrimp to be found. It was also drenched in dressing. Yuck. This dish need to go. The pho is good. Not sure why this salad is so bad.everything I've had here has been great, the mushroom pho is excellent. however, the Khao Poon is possibly the BEST soup I have ever had in my life (and I reeeeally like soup). with tofu it's vegan, too, which is great. HIGHLY recommend trying it, I don't know what I'm going to do if they take it off the menu.This place is amazing!  I got the Pork Bahn mi sandwich, Khao Poon, and Burmese cold noodles.  I loved them all!  The Khao Poon had a nice level of spice to it and had a very complex flavor.  The Bahn mi was one of the bests I have had from a restaurant and I have lived in multiple states around the country.  I like the crunch that was added on top to the sandwich and cold noodles.  I got the food to go through Grub Hub so I can't comment on the dining experience.  It did look like an intimate setting for 2 with only 1 table for 4.  Highly recommend this place.  I will be back!I've been wanting to try this place for some time and we finally had the chance yesterday for a late lunch/early dinner. 
The setting is quaint but not cramped, with a huge window that opens up the space while still feeling cozy. 
We brought along a local friend who had never tried Pho and she absolutely loved it. My wife and I thought it was some of the best we've ever had (true to its name, the stock was flavorful and delicious). I ordered the sesame noodles with pickled ginger and it too was excellent. A good portion for a good price. We'll definitely be back.I love you stock!!!
If you are a regular on the washington ave. pho strip, stock will change your world. Meat is grass fed and non creepy, produce is fresh and delicious, there are beautiful salads, delicious bahn mi, and the biggest game changer, NO MSG! 
This is actually healthy bone broth- good for the guts and the skin. And its basically the SAME PRICE that youre paying down in south philly for MUCH higher quality food. 
I cant say enough good things about this restaurant, ive been going at least twice a week since i first tried it. the owners are a friendly married couple who work here every day they are open. Thank you guys! You are killin it.Best pho I've ever had hands down. So flavorful. Generous portion and just ridiculously delicious. Can't wait to go back.Two words, prahok katee. This is the only reason why I spent $6.99 delivery fee to order from Stock on ubereats. The pork dip is simply delicious and addictive. I could eat this all day.
My only complaint is that my Thai ice tea arrived in a soup container (on the right). While I understand that it's much easier to transport without spillage, I want to drink my ice tea with a straw (which was not provided either), not hold up a soup bowl and slurp. I would suggest doing what a lot of other restaurants do, use regular cups and just tape the "x" on the lid.Pho could've been much better. The broth for me was too bland; even after adding Hoisin and Sriracha, it wasn't enough.I ate here when I was in town for work.  Heard a lot of noise on this place and temperatures dropped so I figure I should give this place a try.  Ordered the chicken pho and you know when you take the first slurp of broth if it is good or not.  It wasnt. WAaaayy to salty to the point I ate the contents in the soup but didnt slurp any of the soup.  
The place is pretentious.  Pho places are very down to earth and fast.  This was neither as I waited 10 minutes for my pho when its basically ladling broth over noodles that are dunked in hot water. If the broth wasnt as salty I would have liked this place but that was neither here nor there.This was our second trip to Stock..been wanting their pork dip w cabbage leaves..did not disappoint!  We all got different lunches..Pho , Good Deal, Pho w extra chicken and Spicy Peanut noodles w spicy pork..omg! So good! Waitress was wonderful! We will continue to visit!Tiny byob with really flavorful pho. It's more expensive than Washington Ave pho joints, but I think it's worth it.  I appreciate that the beef is all grass fed and high quality. Although I'm not vegetarian, I like that they have a vegetarian pho option.  The menu is very small, but if you're going here, it's a given that you probably want pho. I also had a cobia appetizer that was basically a crudo with kaffir lime & other tasty flavors - really fresh & delicious. On the weeknight that I went, they were offering 3 different types of bahn mi (chicken, tofu, sausage) - I'll definitely be back to try the bahn mi. Even on a weeknight, the place was packed so be prepared for a bit of a wait. They take credit cards & service was great.Small restaurant, though it manages to feel cozy instead of cramped. BYOB and good service gets it the 2 stars, however the food is not very good - weak broth, overpriced, not a lot of options. Go to Pho Ga in Kensington, or anywhere in Chinatown/Washington St if you want good Vietnamese food at a much better price.This place is terrible. Worst pho ever. Never eating at this place. It was so dirty and bad foodI had the mushroom pho and my friend had the chicken pho. Both were excellent. I really like that they don't use MSG and the broth isn't too salty. The space is quite small, but I'm a good way- very intimate. The service is alright. Our waitress was kind.. And we asked to sample the coconut broth pho (to see if it was too spicy to commit to ordering a bowl) and the chef said no .. Which we thought was ridiculous. Overall though, the food was on point and the ambience was perfect. Would definitely recommend Stock. It's a great date spot.Awesome little place to grab a heaping hot bowl of pho! Sat at the counter and ordered the Kuai Tiao (rice noodle soup) and it came out piping hot and was seriously delicious. Sweet, spicy, salty; pretty much the holy trinity of flavor. There's a good amount of noodles and chunks of chicken in there and jalapeños for that extra kick. Seriously could just slurp down that broth all day long, it's that good. Highly recommend eating there.This place is the perfect size. It has a few tables around and seating space at the counter. 
I have now tried all the different types of pho and you cannot go wrong with any of them. Just as a warning though the "good deal" is a little spicy (not a lot, but enough for certain people). 
If you wake up on a weekend morning after going out too hard... please do yourself a favor and come here. You will instantly feel better.If you're in the area itll work in a pinch but it's far from the best Pho I've ever had. After all the media coverage I gave it the old college try and was pretty disappointed. Mostly the price for 9 dollars at any place in China Town Id get this plus a drink and a side seeing as your average bowl of Pho only runs about 6.50. All I like my pho spicy this was bland again not bad but not great.Im sad to have to write this review and it is very unfortunate as well as I was pretty excited to try this place. Placed a to go order on Yelp. Drove to pick it up. Get there and the hostess said my order was cancelled 20 minutes ago because they are not taking any to go orders. She apologized, but not sincerely at all. Considering someone drove to your restaurant you would think you could make an exception and cook 1 entree. They were not currently busy at this time either. Just terrible customer service. Also they should tell there hostess to at least fake caring a little bit.Ate here recently on a Friday night around 7pm, there was no wait for seating, but they only had 1 space for a party of 3-4 that was occupied, so my party of 4 had to sit in a row at the bar - difficult to really interact with everybody in the group, they could probably do better with maximizing the space but on the bright side it gave me the chance to really focus on my food. I got the thai iced tea (not very sweet fyi, but I enjoyed it) and the beef pho. 
I had originally felt very conflicted coming here because there were such mixed reviews from other yelpers, but I'm glad I visited because it was probably one of the best bowls of pho I've ever had. The broth was amazing, I practically drank it all, there was a LOT of high quality beef in my bowl, in fact, I ran out of noodles with at least 5 large pieces of meat left. And I didn't feel like it was too rich or too small as others have claimed. I also got to introduce a vegetarian friend to pho here and she really liked the mushroom/tofu. 
Overall, this little restaurant felt really clean and organized with friendly staff and a well priced menu. I would definitely come back here, but should limit my party size to just 2.I haven't done a review for stock yet? That's impossible! This place is so amazing we have to actively try and keep ourselves from going here every time we're looking for some warming soup on a cold or rainy day. We always get the same bowls of Pho and couldn't be happier. Always get extra noodles. Always leave with leftovers. You will not be disappointed.We both got the khao poon - SOOOOOO good.  Was a little spicy, with fresh ingredients, super addicting flavor.  We kept saying how full we were, but couldn't stop eating.  Luckily I still had some to bring home - the portions were generous.  I think about this soup often ....Really great vegan options. Friendly. Fast.Wow. This is a great place. 
We LOVE Vietnamese and search for banh mi and pho. 
Went with friends for lunch with one vegan. 
At 12:30 we were seated right away. It is nice, clean modern space but tiny. Seats about 13 at tables and 6 at the counter. We took the only table for more then 2 people. 
Waitress was friendly and helpful. Made suggestions for the vegan. We had to try a tofu banh mi and the Burmese cold noodles before we got our giant bowls of soup. 
The cold noodles were delicious. Nice mix of spice. We all loved them. The banh mi was beautiful with bright purple cabbage. I thought a little bland but I love the pork flavor that was missing from this. The vegetarians and vegans loved it. 
The chicken pho was great. A huge bowl we all took some home. The tofu khao poon was really good too. 
Many of us wish for this to be closer. If we lived in the neighborhood we would be here many times a week. 
We shall return.Ate at Stock with my family this weekend, including my parents who have never had Vietnamese or pho before (they loved it). The chef's stocks, in my opinion, are memorably unique. I am surprised to hear some reviewers not finding the soups flavorful. I live in south philly and frequent all the pho spots here, and I think the quality of ingredients at Stock, particularly the meat/chicken, creates a complexly sweet and earthy flavor that you simply cannot create using low-quality meat. The broth is nearly creamy it is so rich! 
I realize that Stock pho is not served with bones, etc., and it's spendier than the south philly spots, but I don't go to Stock because I am looking for a textbook Vietnamese restaurant experience. I go because I enjoy the chef's creative interpretation and artistic perspective. He is serving us his experience very genuinely and earnestly. My favorite small plate here is the squash dish--wonderful experience for all the senses.
I love the minimalism of Stock and its employees--they're all laid-back yet keen to detail and needs. I noticed the chef and the line-cooks occasionally looking around at tables to make sure everyone was having a good experience. It's great to see that back of house/front of house connection. 
I really appreciated not being rushed despite the small size of the space. We were a party of five and never felt like we were being eyeballed against the clock. 
Our server Sarah was chill and appeared at the table at perfect moments, she seemed genuinely sweet.
I've heard people say they don't frequent Stock because of the tidy menu--I rather enjoy it and like eating a varied spread. Maybe adding an "entree" or two to the menu would appease folks.
The consistent, innovative, understated perfection I have experienced at Stock time and time again makes it one of my favorite places to eat in the city, on a list with restaurants like Kanella, Good King, and Cheu.I've regularly been dining in/doing take out from Stock for the past few months and have always had a pleasant dining experience. It isn't a traditional Vietnamese place perse, but rather boasts an array of dishes with roots from neighboring Southeast Asian countries. Should you decide to dine in, note that the dining space is very small (but cozy) and best suited for solo diners/couples. Service is always prompt, efficient and professional. The staff is knowledgeable, and always eager to answer any questions or give insight on what to order. My go-to dishes are the Chicken Pho and spicy peanut noodles. Though the broth of the chicken broth is crystal clear, it's very rich and intense, and goes oh so wonderfully with the tangle of noodles, bean sprouts, basic, and cilantro. The peanut dish is definitely not for the faint of heart if spicy isn't your thing. The noodles are cold and at first taste seem mild, but get more intense as you eat more. The peanuts and carrots add an amazing level of crunchy texture to the dish. I think this eclectic gem is an excellent and very underrated spot in Fishtown. If you're feeling adventurous or just looking for some comfort in a bowl of pho, give Stock a try!This has quickly become a weekly dinner spot for me. When friends were visiting last week, we went in and nearly ordered the entire menu - we wanted to try everything! The pho is just amazing whether you get the meat or vegetarian option. Make sure to try their iced coffee, it's a must.Wow, this is great food! Delicious, friendly and nice atmosphere. I only wish reservations were possible since it is a very small place!I was excited to try Stock after having read about it in Philly Magazine and other Yelp reviews.  Considering that half of my friends are vegetarians, it's nice that they had a mushroom/tofu pho on the menu.  We made the hike over from Graduate Hospital to Fishtown on a lazy Sunday evening.  My bf and I could smell the star anise aroma coming from halfway down the block, like my Vietnamese mom and auntie's houses on the weekends.
Unfortunately, all in all, I would not recommend Stock or return for their pho dishes.  Given their small menu, you'd think that everything on the menu would be focused and on point.  Boy, were we in for a disappointment.  We ordered the beef pho, mushroom pho and pork sausage banh mi.
Beef pho - The bowl was filled with tons of noodles and broth and not much of anything else.  This was called "beef" pho but there were only about 6-8 tiny pieces of beef that I had to fish for in the bowl.  You can't really call this beef pho when there were barely any signs of beef in there.  To make matters worse, the broth/stock tasted like they realized there wasn't enough flavor to it and decided to dump an entire bottle of fish sauce in there.  The broth straight up tasted like a bowl of fish sauce soup.  I sure love my fish sauce (in rice and vermicelli dishes), but a bowl of salty fish sauce soup is not what I came for.
Mushroom pho - Again, we received a bowl full of nothing but noodles and broth, with barely any protein.  There were 5 or 6 pieces of thinly sliced tofu.  The broth tasted like shiitake mushrooms and a woody type of mushrooms, which was pleasant.  However, the bowl probably costed them about 50 cents to a dollar to make but they charged $9 per bowl.  
Pork sausage banh mi - We actually enjoyed the pork sausage compared to the pho dishes.  However, I would not return for the mediocre $8 banh mi.  The Nhu Y Cafe and Café Cuong banh mi in Bella Vista/Italian Market are much tastier and for $4 per banh mi, you can't go wrong.  Even the much tastier banh mi's in NYC are better priced than they are in Fishtown, Philly.
The pho took twice as long as a bowl of pho should take to arrive.  On top of that, we asked for glasses for our drinks.  As our server brought out the glasses,  she must have seen something in one of the glasses.  She stuck her fingers in the glass, wiped whatever was in there off with her fingers and proceeded to hand us the glasses.  The server was a sweet girl, but that's just gross.
My bf and I were hoping to bring our vegetarian friends and family here next time.  Unfortunately,  we will not be returning.  We will stick with the authentic Vietnamese restaurants in South Philly and Chinatown for the flavors, amount of actual protein in the pho, proximity to the city and for half the price.I'm not sure how I haven't written a review about this wonderful place! This is not your traditional pho, so don't come here expecting the same flavors as you would find in Vietnam. The bahn mi is absolutely amazing. The tofu is soft and flavorful, bread crunchy on the outside and soft in the middle, and the portion is huge. Their mushroom and chicken "pho" are incredibly fresh tasting and you can tell the ingredients they use are high quality. I no longer have to suffer the occasional twinge of discomfort when I think about what's in my traditional Washington Ave pho. Come to get the perfect meal for cool weather. One of my absolutely favorite places in Philly !Best Pho and Banh Mi I ever had. Very similar to the one I had in Hanoi.I went to Stock this past weekend.  As a self proclaimed pho connoisseur-  I was very anxious to try this spot.
The vibe of the place is excellent,  it reminds me of London (in a great way)- sorta low lit and definitely cozy.  Great music playing with I walked in- set the vibe PERFECTLY.  If I remember correctly there are two (2 tops) and one (4 top) + counter seating.  I was just a party of 1, but still had to wait for a counter seat to open, which was fine.
I get the space is tight, but the seating arrangement was a bit uncomfortable, the aesthetic of the stools was great, but the actual comfort of them left something to be desired.  
I also always felt in the way, even though there are only three tables, because the space is so small,  it just sorta feels extra claustrophobic.
I just ordered the beef pho.  Usually I spice it up until its bright red- but I couldn't wait to taste it with nothing extra in it.  No basil, no jalapeno, no lime- just plain.  I figured once I did that then I'd add in basil/lime/jalapeno ect *if* necessary.
So the soup comes and I take my first taste and... I was.... underwhelmed.  It didn't really have much of a taste?  So I waited and tried again.... nothing... so then I added lime, basil and jalapeno. (I wanted to hold off on sriracha for the absolute last if I HAD to....  but still... nothing.... :(
I finally, in an act of defeat- added sriracha.  So, I was definitely a bit disappointing.  I really wanted it to be amazing. It had a vaguely mushroomy taste, which made me double check that I didn't order the mushroom one.....You can taste a difference in the quality of the meat they use, for sure though...
Who knows, I might have been having a bad day.  They might have been having a bad day.  idk.
I'll try them again though, before I make an absolute final judgement.Reserve: A dramatic reading.
7:30pm. Thursday night.
"It'll be about a 20 minute wait for a table for two."
"Okay, that's fine."
10 minutes pass. We sit. We stare directly ahead at an open table.
"Hey but what about this four-top that no one's sitting at?"
"We like to reserve that table for parties of three or more. Because you know, it's 7:30."
Okay. 5 more minutes pass. 
We are seated at the bar. We order. We eat.
"Could I get the rest of this soup to go?"
"Sure." Soup is about to be poured into a flimsy styrofoam cup.
"Do you have a more secure container you could use?"
"I can put a rubber band around it."
"What about those?" Points to sealed lid plastic cups.
"We like to reserve those containers for take-out only."
"I'm going to be biking with these leftovers to work tomorrow. Can you please put it one of those containers?"
"Oh, you're biking. Well, okay."
We pay. We notice no one has sat at the four-top. We leave. We acknowledge we can get better Viet food for less money in Chinatown, or South Philly. We agree we probably won't come back.Excellent noods! Delicious broth. Nice, chill ambiance.  Only a few tables and a bar but usually there isn't much wait for just 1 or 2. Remember to BYO if you're dining in.I love the green papaya salad here. Also, I don't usually eat chicken pho, but Stock's chicken pho has healing properties when you're not feeling well. 
Get here earlier in the evening as they do sell out. It was BYOB the last time I went. Street parking can be tricky depending on the day of the week.  Enjoy, Yelpers!It thought I'd have to say good bye to pho when I went vegan, but this place is amazing and hits the spot. 
My regular go to dishes are: 
Gin Thoke- a zesty delicious salad with lots of crunch and texture!
The tofu banh mi is so good I don't even miss meat sandwiches. 
Khao Poon is so creamy, savory with a hint of sweet deliciousness, with just enough heat.
The Burmese cold noodles brink a lot of savory heat for a cold dish. It's become my hot weather foI have been to stock on several occasions. Shame on those writing a review based off of something they have never tried. If yelp was filled with reviews based on a 2 minute video they saw online of a place they have never been there would be no creditability.
That being said everything here is amazing- cute atmosphere (and BYOB!) all of the pho is delicious my personal favorite is the khao poon. So good has a great kick to, love the peanuts they add to it and the green beans for a nice crunch. The Banh Mi is also really good! I try to make it here at least once a month to fulfill my craving. Staff is super friendly and efficient (once we mentioned splitting the banh mi 3 ways when ordering and without even asking they cut it into 3rd rather then it's usual halves). Highly recommend!A few friends and I had a chance to eat lunch here on a Sunday, and I must say, the pho is fantastic.  I really like that they don't use MSG and use grassfed beef for the meat and the stock.  The vegetables were fresh, nice, and crisp.  The pho had both steak and brisket, and both meats were amazing - much higher quality than the places on Washington Ave.
I'm used to paying 6 bucks for a bigger bowl of Pho.  But for higher quality, the deep real broth (not MSG water), and real flavors, I think this place is worth the price increase.
My wife had the mushroom pho, which had a nice mushroom broth.  But if you're a meat eater, I see no reason why one would get this one as opposed to the beef pho.
We also shared a banh mi, which was served a softer bread than what I'm used to.  The vegetables were nice and crisp, once again, but I wish that they would use better bread (and lower the prices here).
Lastly, I wish that the space was bigger.  It's a bit tight.  But it lets you see the care the chefs take in preparing your dish, so that's pretty cool.Excellent soup, I got the chicken pho and the thai salad to share with a friend. The flavor was spot on, strong, and delicious. I will be back!We thoroughly enjoyed our meal (take out).  Staff was very pleasant, the facility clean and though small a number of people on line waiting for a seat.  My chicken pho was fabulous as well as the pork and cabbage appetizer.  Other people in our group had the curry and were impressed.  We will definitely be back!Been here twice. Pho is pho pho pholicious. Fun counter eating, watching the pots boil on induction stove tops. So hitekThis is a great lunch spot during the busy work week.  The food is extremely fresh and healthy and the daily special options are always interesting.  We have been here twice over the last few months and have been impressed both times.  The pork dip appetizer has strong flavor with flavors of pungent fish paste.  The papaya salad Thai style is nice and spicy and refreshing on a hot day.  Yesterday, I had the cold noodle salad with peanut sauce and thought it was excellent!  The only note I have is that the pho is not a traditional pho you will get from the typical Vietnamese places in south Philly.  Stock uses all natural ingredients and does not make a fatty broth with MSG.  I personally can appreciate both, but for those looking for a fatty and meaty broth, you may be disappointed with Stock.  Overall, this place is a high quality and affordable option...be sure to follow them on social media!We went this last night the cucumber appetizer was amazing! The pho chicken delicious and the dessert dreamy! I love this place and we can't wait to go backI'm not exactly sure why I waited so long to come here. I read a lot about this place and it seems they've been getting a lot of press, especially after opening another location in Rittenhouse. I had high expectations coming in here. Those expectations were exceeded. This is quite simply, everything I ever wanted from a bowl of noodles. After my first visit, I returned several more times and will return many more times. I have been meaning to try their non-soup items but I just can't help myself. So far I've tried the Good Deal, the Vegan Good Deal, and the Khao Poon with both chicken and tofu. Each time I order, I'm dumbfounded by how fresh and vegetal a bowl of soup can truly be. There are so many herbs in all of these soups that it feels like I'm eating in a garden. Top notch ingredients that go into all of these bowls. So if I had to pick, the Khao Poon is my favorite overall. All of the soups have an incredibly complex broth that manages to be over the top while still being exceptionally balanced. Highly sour, but highly sweet. Sharply vegetal, but bolstered by being meaty and savory. Spicy heat that's cut by fresh lime. Chewy noodles and crunchy peanuts. It's really just the best thing you can have on a cold day. While it may be slightly away from a traditional form of the soups, I think they are all insanely delicious for what they are. 
Some things you have to know before going to Stock:
1. The soup portions are enormous. I'm a big guy with a huge appetite and I can just barely push myself to finish a bowl in a sitting. The prices are pretty reasonable for what you get. Come hungry. 
2. BYOB- yes, which is kind of nice for the wallet. 
3. It's very small, but very cozy. I sat at the high top counter facing the super open kitchen every time, but there are only a few seats so don't come with large groups. It would be a good spot to bring a date, however. If you sit at the counter, be prepared for the very friendly chefs to ask you how your day was.Really good Vietnamese food using quality ingredients.  The bahn mi is great (and big enough to share), I would definitely order on a return visit.  We started with a sort of fruit salad appetizer whose name escapes me, but this might have been my favorite thing on the menu.  A perfect mix of many different flavors and textures.  The pho was kind of a let down compared  to the other two dishes, good, but more expensive than at your typical Vietnamese restaurant and I'm not sure I could tell it apart from any other pho.
Stock is simple, but quite nice inside.  It's definitely a good option if you're looking for a nice meal out, but don't want to spend a ton of money.  The BYOB option is revolutionary to someone from Massachusetts, but apparently common in Philly. Still, that's another great feature.20 people can fit in the restaurant, comfortably. There minimalism in decorating is PERFECTION, since I am there to slurp my soup and dreamily stare into the eyes of the person I am with. 
Too many people have too many feelings on pho broth. It's good, or it's great, since at the end of the day it's pho. This is stock and everything that comes out of the kitchen has been crafted with love and devotion. It's obvious. 
FIVE STARS, ALL OF WHICH ARE FOR THE HATERS.Was so excited to try Stock after someone told me about it.  Absolutely love the cute space and concept!  I've always wanted to open my own, so I was excited to see what they have to offer and how the food tastes by a non-Vietnamese chef.
We sat at the counter and ordered:  
- Green Mango Salad, $7
- Raw Flank, $8
- Beef Pho, $9
- Mushroom Pho, $9
Green Mango Salad was good.  Heavy on the fish sauce and not as sweet as other Vietnamese restos, but good nonetheless.  Raw Flank, however, was meh.  The sauce was okay, but the flanks were cut too thick and very chewy.  I almost could not eat the last piece.  
Like Vy D. mentioned, the Beef Pho was sooo flavorful.  I found myself slurping all of the broth, too.  The beef cuts, tendons, etc. were enough for me.  There were strong hints of star anise and other pho essentials, but again, a tad bit heavy on the fish sauce and star anise.  My fiance preferred the Mushroom Pho.  Mushroom Pho was okay.
On a side note:  we did feel a little msg afterward.
We wanted to try the Golden Papaya dessert at the end of our meal, but were too full.  I saw it being prepared and it looked yum.  Maybe next time.
Cleanliness, presentation of food, and service were good.  Our waters were filled in a timely manner, but slowed down, for some reason, towards the end.  Portions are smaller and prices are higher than other Vietnamese restos'.  They give out a handwritten check, which is a nice and personal touch.  Not really sure if we will be back anytime soon because there are so many pho options like Pho 75, Thai Son, or Cafe Pho Ga Thanh Thanh.  I still prefer my mom's or my own version of pho, but I can see this place being a favorite for those who live around Fishtown or in the area.I heard about this restaurant after it made headlines. I wanted to give an honest review on the food and that didn't reflect the owners comments.
Having worked in a Thai restaurant for a number of years, and lived with both Thai and Vietnamese roommates for 5 years. I've had the opportunity to share in family-style meals after every shift at the family owned restaurant & home cooked meals by both roommates and their visiting family, I feel that I have a decent grasp on the food from both cultures though I am by no means an expert.
I ordered the Khao Poon and my girlfriend (who incidentally is Vietnamese) ordered the Chicken Pho. We shared both dishes. While the Khao Poon can pass as very good soup to people who aren't well versed in authentic Thai food, it honestly is too rich and sweet for me to give my approval. Just because someone uses coconut juice in the preparation of a soup and its creamy doesn't make it authentic Thai food.
The pho was watery, and lacked sufficient flavor. The broth for good pho is prepared and brewed over the course of an entire day. The soup is allowed to soak in the different flavors of meat bones, spices, etc. I've been lucky to have the authentic thing, it is my go to food for comfort when I'm sick and this is a poor excuse for pho. I honestly feel that any reviews that state otherwise are coming from people who don't have any experience eating pho on regular basis.
Atmosphere, presentation and hospitality of the staff were all good. That's why my rating is 2 Stars and not 1. But to be frank, don't we all go to a restaurants primarily to eat food?
Final thoughts:
I came in to this restaurant with an open mind. But honestly the food (imo) is the equivalent of CULINARY GENTRIFICATION. If you want the culturally authentic food, politely ask and go to culturally authentic restaurants. Otherwise you're just paying what usually amounts to an exorbitant amount of money for a shiny but lacking knock-offs, losing all that you wanted and came for in the first place.I really wish someone would have told me this Gem existed, a long time ago! I came here for the first time a month ago. I'm addicted!!!!!  It's like flavor explosions going off with every bite:) I love the cabbage wraps and the salad with poached shrimp, cilantro and shallots it is one of the best salads  that I have had! This place is a must!!!!! Try the chicken Pho as well -YUMMMMMMMMExcellent addition to the Philadelphia food scene. I was impressed their approach and "take" on pho and other dishes. The soup was amazing and filled with flavor. The menu is small but I like that. I am am always suspicious of restaurants with 100's of items on the menu - how can you focus and prepare quality food that way?  Well you can't! Get there early since the place is small and it fills up quickly.Delicious Southeast Asian Cuisine rich with flavors that are hard to find without flying to Vietnam or Thailand. It's definitely worth trying this restaurant!2nd time here is. Incredible flavor. Top notch soups and salads. This place really sets the bar for Vietnamese. I highly suggest this.I ate dinner at Stock tonight. Had the Thai "Good Day" and my friend had the khao poon. Owner came out and talked to us about the flavoring in each soup, the spice of the Thai chili peppers, etc. Restaurant is very clean and staff is friendly. Our meal cost under $30, and they were good about refilling our water constantly on a very hot day. Will definitely be back.Take out experience
I was staying in town a couple of nights and since I rarely can find this type of food near me so I definitely decided to try since I was looking for a Bahn Mi.
After reading some of the reviews I decided to branch out a little further and order a Khao Poon. In my case I should have not gotten it, I don't believe that when I received it I put it together properly. Spices and everything else were great, I think I failed to execute. 
The ginger beer that they carry was great and the Bahn Mi was great as well. I am now trying harder to find a vietnamese shop near me.My new favorite pho. And pray they're serving their green papaya salad. The decor and environment are also plusses. It's a welcome addition to the area. Looking forward to future visits!Our dining experience was wonderful. Our server was friendly and had good recommendations. She guided my friend about which cold noodle dish would best match his spice preference. We were unaware about just how small the restaurant is. It's tight. We lucked out sitting at the counter. Our food was tasty enough and arrived rather quick. We enjoyed watching it get prepared just before us. 
Only three stars, you ask? Our server gave us the bill and told us to pay up front. Three meals, two iced teas and a total of $43.20. I handed the woman at the front $60 in cash. She proceeds to give me $4 and change back. I inform her that she still owed me another $10+ back. This is where I wonder if she was trying to scam us. She tells me my total was $55.08, not $43 something. I begin questioning her why. She responds that our waitress did the math wrong and our total was really $55.08 and "have a good night". I continue questioning while she pointed to $55.08 at the bottom  corner of the tablet. I recognize that SHE added a second noodle dish on her own to our bill  I pointed out that we only had one and she commented about how it looked like the waitress wrote a 2 next to it (the 2 was clearly next to the iced teas). Ultimately it was corrected and I received my proper change. But it felt icky. Almost  like a flim-flam. 
Pay attention to your totals, count your change.Excellent restaurant. A ton of these bad reviews are fake. Some people got mad a white dude talked about how to make pho and they attacked this place. There's bigger problems in the world ya'll. And if an Asian person makes a good pizza or cheeseburger I'm not gonna get mad. I'm gonna go get me someGot UberEats order, not really what I expected. The "mushroom" pho doesn't actually have mushrooms in it which is misleading. The broth doesn't taste like mushrooms either. We ordered the chicken pho as well and both broths tasted like salty water with too much Chinese 5 spice. I feel a bit ripped off, could of ordered double the amount of food at an authentic pho place for half the price.I love Stock so much! Every time I come here the food is perfect and the staff is very kind. I love the pork with cabbage appetizer and their banh mi's are HUGH. Highly recommended.I had been sick and hadn't left my house for a couple days. I was finally feeling up to leaving the house, and wanted something hot and spicy. The boyf and I biked over to Stock at about 8:30pm and found it only about half full. We chose a table and each ordered a Vietnamese coffee. I would say they were much sweeter and more like a dessert than I anticipated, but it was still really good. I liked the small, industrial decor and the service was friendly enough.
We decided on some spicy cold noodles and the hot chicken pho. Both were very spicy and so full of flavor! I couldn't decide which I liked more. The broth was good even on its own, and even though I couldn't finish my portion, we basically licked the bowls. I really want to go back and try a bahn mi as well because they sounded so good. I'm a bit perplexed by all the negative reviews because I don't have a single complaint about my dinner here.The food tastes authentic well balanced and fresh. They play good music and the atmosphere is relaxed and pleasant. I will certainly come back here.Stock is amazing! Even though Pho-Ha will always be my ride or die pho spot, Stock comes pretty darn close. I also think that I like this place so much is because of the people that work there.  Everyone was incredibly kind & conversational there. The ambiance is also so relaxing. I almost felt like I should have been whispering the whole time I was there. 
If  you can, I would recommend trying to sit at the counter. It was so fascinating to watch the chef meticulously prepare our cobia & prepare our pho dishes. I'm not a huge mushroom fan, but that broth blew me away. Being in Fishtown it's definitely pricier than the dirt-cheap options down off of Washington but hey, if I can get tasty pho and not have to travel past Spring Garden-- I'll take it!Dear Stock, 
You are too popular to have such a small space! 
Sincerely, 
Fran 
GET THE BANH MI-- it is sweet, spicy, refreshing, crunchy, soft. It has everything. Everything else is amazing too. The service is fast. My boyfriend and I are actually going back tonight on this cold snowy day. We're going to go extra early. Since it's so small the place fills up quickly.Every single morning I wake up waiting for this place to open, just so I can eat everything on the menu (usually once or twice a week) so I'm not quite sure why there is one bad review on it. Each and every single thing on the menu is made with love and you can tell when you taste it.Went to Stock around 8pm on a Friday and only had about a 10 min wait. Service was very friendly. We were originally a little put off by the lack of an actual kitchen; as the curries and dish fixings were premade; but realized soon enough that really all their food did not have to be prepared on the spot and could be just assembled. We ordered the Burmese cold noodles, the Gin Thoke, and the tofu Khao Poon. My husband is Burmese and he thought the Gin Thoke was pretty authentic; but the Burmese cold noodles had some weird creaminess that tasted like mayo that is nowhere to be found in authentic Burmese food. The tofu Banh Mi was delicious and very nicely prepared as was the tofu Khao Poon.I tried this place last year because some friends wanted to show me, saying it was the "best pho they've had." I felt that was a very bold statement since all the pho I've had has been made authentically. so I tried it, and just as many people have said on here, it's the equivalent of PF Chang's "authentic" Asian cuisine. I wouldn't recommend this place to someone looking for legit Viet food. But, if you want Asian food that has been Americanized, knock yourself out... you got that. I'll stick to my regular pho place on Washington Ave.When I leave the suburbs to babysit in Fishtown, Stock's Banh Mi is our first choice for delivery and good eating.  The rolls are amazingly perfect for the pork sausage Banh Mi. The khao poon soup warms the body and soul on a windy day.  Delivery is quick and on time.   Friendly staff when we pick up. Thanks for the new tastes of deliciousness!I was able to stop by here while I was in town, and this place is hands down the worst Pho I have ever had! The broth was overly salty, the "chef" must have overly seasoned it with MSG or salt I am definitely sure that this "chef" has no idea what they are doing. This restaurant is below the standards of a normal Vietnamese restaurant, I wouldn't even give this food to my dog.After reading reviews from my fellow Yelpers, I was excited to try out Stock. and see what all the hype was about on their high quality broth. And truth be told, their stock is pretty darn good...too good for Pho in my opinion. I'll explain in a bit. 
When I first walked in, I was immediately hit with the familiar fragrance of pho. Others have stated that the smell was too overwhelming of star anise, but actually, for me, it reminded me of when my mom makes pho at home and the scent permeates the entire house...it was warm and welcoming. My husband and I were grateful to be able to get a table even though they were closing in 10 mins. The service during our entire meal was great; despite us being late, we never felt rushed and everyone was really nice and attentive.  We wanted to try a bit of everything so this is what we ordered:
- Mango Salad
- Raw Flank
- 2 x Beef Pho
- Iced Thai Tea
- Pork Sausage Banh Mi (to go)
I read other reviews that said their portions were small, and while I think the raw beef dish was pretty small, I felt like the mango salad and pho were decent size. Neither of us could finish off the broth, and we were super full at the end of the meal. 
The mango salad was delicious and rather spicy. Our server told us that it was actually less spicy than the other salad they offered (watercress salad) which I am shocked to hear since I thought the mango was pretty spicy (and I can handle heat!). The raw flank was a bit of a disappointment to me. It's a very rich dish, and we felt like it was short on the herbs and spices and needed something more to cut through the richness (lime?). We ended up combining it with our mango salad which made it much better. 
Ok, so now for the pho. I understand what they are trying to do (I hope). Each element of the pho was fantastic: noodles were perfectly al dente; the meat was of superb quality and practically melted in your mouth; the broth was delicious--rich and smooth and full of flavor. However, combining all these parts together into one bowl just made it too much. The broth was just too rich for pho; the meat melted in your mouth but lacked the "beefiness" that you come to expect from a bowl of beef noodle soup. I usually think of pho as being rich but light and refreshing at the same time. This pho was rich on top of rich...I really wanted to love the pho...but I just didn't. 
Obviously we ordered too much food but we were lucky that they had banh mi left--they only sell it on weekends and until they are out. So we decided to order one to take home and eat later. Their pork sausage banh mi is delicious! Probably my favorite thing from them. The sandwich is flavorful and has a great balance of meat and veggies and pickled carrots. I would definitely go back for one of those. 
Overall, I like what Stock is doing, but it's not my go-to place for pho. My tastes (and hence opinions) are probably slightly biased since I'm used to a different and more traditional Vietnamese pho, but hey, so is probably everyone else's right? I always take reviews with a grain of salt and like to try out places first hand. I would recommend the same for you.I discovered Stock a few months back via a food delivery service. I had never been to the actual restaurant in Fishtown, so today for dinner my boyfriend and I decided to give it a try. The place is tight, so I wouldn't suggest anything over a party of 2. There is limited bar seating and a few small tables. We sat at the bar. 
For our appetizer we chose to try the prahok katee which consisted of Cambodian pork seasoned with little pieces of spicy heaven, and some green cabbage. All I kept thinking about when I ate it was how I'd love to add the meat as a topping on any and everything--delicious. 
Usually when I get delivery from here I order the chicken pho, so that's what I had in my mind to order today. I didn't anticipate it being such a hot summer day, and I also did not anticipate it being so incredibly hot in the restaurant, but whatever, I still wanted the chicken pho. The chicken is sooooo tender and delicious, and the bowl it came in was huge. When my hot steamy bowl of chicken pho came out, I realized I was about to get into a really sweaty situation. I managed to still finish my delicious pho--wiping the sweat off my face after every bite. My boyfriend shared a similar sweaty experience, having gotten the Thai pho. This pho was very similar to my chicken pho, but was super spicy. 
The wait staff at the bar where we were sitting were very attentive and kept us hydrated the entire time. I'm pretty sure everyone around us was either getting cold noodles or banh mi, so I will definitely have to try those next time.This was our 2nd visit to the original Fishtown location of this amazing Vietnamese restaurant. It is quite small with about 4 small tables and 8 counter seats available and is brightly lit with abundant sunlight. The staff are incredibly friendly and accommodating as well. They expertly prepare classic Vietnamese dishes such as papaya salads, pho bowls and banh mi, and also offer classic variations of Vietnamese coffee and Thai iced tea. They do also provide takeout should you wish to get it to go. If you are looking for the most flavorful Vietnamese food with the freshest ingredients this is the destination.I could eat here every day. The starter salad with melon and nectarine with cashew cream dressing was heaven. I have loved everything I have ordered here. The staff is low key, good friendly service. Prices are more than fair.Sometimes I crave pho and sometimes I crave Stock, there is no in-between. All of their dishes are really unique and pack a lot of flavor. I typically get mushroom pho and a bahn mi. Occasionally I'll try something else but the portions are big. Service is fast and friendly.I came to Stock after a recommendation from a Fishtown local. Being brand new to Fishtown (and Philly in general) I was anxious to try "local" spots and excited the recommendation was for pho because I love Vietnamese food... Unfortunately, I was disappointed.
Space is small but we went early on a weeknight and had no problem finding a seat. For busier meal times, maybe expect to wait?
Staff was friendly and very attentive. No complaints here.
The food, however, was bland. I got the beef pho and it was near flavorless. Don't come here if you're expecting anything remotely authentic. Come here if you want to say you like Pho but really just want to enjoy soup that kind of resembles pho in a cozy/clean atmosphere. Or if you're vegan. Apparently they try to appeal to a lot of vegan customers (which is interesting  considering pho broth is made by boiling beef/chicken bones... But I respect that they're trying something different and making it vegan-friendly.)
If I ever go back I will just adjust my expectations - and try their vegan options that apparently get much better reviews..DELICIOUS. Portions are big, the place is BYO, and the bar seating is cozy and gives you a chance to interact with the friendly kitchen staff. We ordered the chicken banh mi, a noodle soup, and a cold noodle, and all three were delicious. If not super hungry, just the banh mi alone would have been enough because the portions were very satisfying. 
I especially recommend this place as someone with allergies. The staff was very friendly and knowledgeable--for example, they made a chicken banh mi with house-made VEGAN mayo for me because of my allergies. In general, there were a lot of options to vegetarianize/veganize menu items!So stoked to have discovered Stock. I'd give it a 6 if I could. It was 33degrees and frigid. The Vegan "Good Deal" with Tofu, Mushroom Broth, and a Vegan Sweet and Savory broth was insane perfection. The large bowl had more rice noodles than any pho I've ever encountered. The spice level was WAy hot, but perfectly balanced with the sweet and sour/savory broth freckled with bits of fried garlic, cilantro and huge mounds of tofu. I'll be back to taste test the rest of the menu.I really like the sleek, clean vibe in this place. 
On a chilly Friday at prime dinner time, wait time was a reasonable 35 minutes, which left just enough time to have a drink or pick up bottles nearby.
This being said, I found the food underwhelming. My friends enjoyed the beef, but I found my mushroom pho rather bland. Call me crazy, I expected it would have mushrooms in it, rather than just a mushroom broth. The whole thing seemed under seasoned and could have been much hotter.
Sprouts, peppers, and herbs were all very fresh, and I love the vegan option, but this is far from authentic!This was my first time at Stock and all I can say is wow! This is an amazing byob spot with phenomenal food. I didn't know how to pronounce any of the food but it was super tasty nonetheless. The hostess, gab, was super accommodating and gave us the best seat in the house. I would recommend Stock to anyone who enjoys great food in a great atmosphere.