Stumbled on this gem looking for a quick meal before work. Boy am I glad I tried this sandwich shop. This place is absolutely mind blowing. From customer service to the food. I've eaten at thousands of places and not once have I ever written a review. However, I felt compelled to do so after eating here. I tried the onion rings and the smoked chicken sandwich. Reasonably priced and fulfilling by far. The onion rings are the best I've ever tried in my life. Light batter yet crispy enough with a hint of salt. The sandwich was awesome as well. At this point, forget work. I'm ready to go to sleep. Mike (Co-Owner) you are the bomb.com bro! Customer service at its finestGreat little neighborhood sandwich shop. I highly recommend the beef chili it was exceptional. In addition, I got the daily special turkey & pastrami sandwichWhole Pig Banh Mi was amazing! We were only in Philly for the day and tried this place because of the reviews. It definitely lived up to the hype.First time trying this place. Simple menu, looked like a lot of tasty options. I got the smoked chicken sandwich with fried potatoes on the side. The sandwich was tasty and very filling. The potatoes were a little greasy but overall good. Little expensive for a sandwich place, but I would go again.Braised beef = Philly Cheesesteak lol I thought this was going to be like slices of beef tenderloin but it was just a Philly cheesesteak. Really soft meat and the cheese was really good.
Fried chicken = really Smokey. If you like that modern twist on a fried chicken sandwich enough for you to say "this is different" maybe I'd remove the smoked pickled peppers. 
Fried potatoes= they said it would be like french fries. It was just like has browns at a diner... salty. But good. A little dry. 
Interesting place. Would go back.THEY JUST KEEP GETTING BETTER.
We got married in Philly and exactly one year later, wound up MOVING HERE.
Stockyard was first on our stop. 
Nothing has changed. Holy moly. Everything is still good.
Tried new menu items and OH MY GREAT GUACAMOLE.... FANTASTIC.
Support this place. Please. 
I will be heartbroken if it ever ever closes.I live right by Stockyard and have been here a lot. I have tried the fried chicken sandwich, the stock burger, the hoagie of the day a few times, a few different versions of the build-your-own breakfast, the onion rings, the potatoes and the fried cauliflower. 
The food overall is really tasty. I would give 5 stars for flavor except for one thing: the greasy-ness is inconsistent. I ate here yesterday and my potatoes were perfectly crispy and not oily. This morning I got potatoes again and they were dripping in grease - like the whole container became saturated and I used napkins to sop up the grease they were swimming in. It's not just the potatoes, I have had two breakfast sandwiches that were soaked in grease and two that were perfect. When it is drenched in grease it is no joke, my hands get coated in it, which is not appealing! It makes everything soggy too. The chance that my food could be too greasy can make me choose to eat somewhere else - so I wish they would fix this issue. 
The people working here are cool, I always see the same crew. The specials are amazing! I like how you can come and get something totally new each time.went there for lunch today with my GF daughter.  loved the faroa and quinoa salad and the roasted corn side.  would love to go back and try out the rest of the menu.Very good sandwiches; fresh, quality ingredients.  The potatoes are delicious and i don't like potatoes.  It's great to see a small business produce quality products and get so much recognition.
I'm a big fan of Stockyard.  A few gripes detract the one star (but won't keep me from coming back).  First, plates/cutlery/etc. are all disposable.  I get that it's a small place, but come on.  The planet's burning up.  Second, while the vegetarian options i've had have all been delicious, i'd love more (healthy) variety.  One choice of a seasonal sandwich, plus falafel, isn't enough!  Finally, the portions are huge.  One sandwich = two filling meals.  That's fine, but the sandwiches are fairly messy/saucy and don't keep fantastically.  I'd gladly pay a small premium for a half-sandwich so i don't feel compelled to eat way too much all at once.  I don't want to fatten up at the Stockyard!SO I had lunch today with some co workers at this glorious hall of sandwich goodness -- I know these boys from my days as Chef de Cuisine of the Moshulu -- It is good to see fellow chefs branch out and create there own mark -- We as a group had the Braised Beef Sandwich x2, Pastrami Sandwich, Bratwurst Sandwich and the Pan Roasted Chicken Sandwich -- sides were the onion rings, fried potatoes and cauliflower -- It was awesome to have the La Colombe Espresso in the can - needed that after a long morning shift -- worthy in every element -- one issue I would say is the parking but as I discussed with my fellow brethren is that for grub this tasty I will spend the 15-20 minutes to find parking any day!! Congrats and Cheers boys!The food here is fantastic. The vibe is pretty unassuming with a hint of hipster farmer. The food is anything but unassuming. Bold and complex flavours on both sandwiches we tried, and the brussel sprouts were perfectly cooked.I am in this area a lot, and there hasn't been anywhere good to eat in a long time. 
After hearing about Stockyard, I went for lunch with my meat-eater friend. It was a compromise, and I figured I would just eat some fries or something. I am a vegetarian and -  surprise -  there were a LOT of good choices for me! I ordered the brussels sprouts sandwich and fried cauliflower. They were both a good choice. He said his hamburger was the best he ever had. Ever. That's saying something, knowing this guy for a while. Extremely good service and really delicious food!!! 
So glad there's finally a great choice in this neighborhood. We will go back again and again.This was a place I wish we could have visited more. Of course we were on vacation in Philadelphia and there was so much to see.
Only having Banh Mi at a local Vietnamese place back home, I wanted to check this out. The bread was fresh, and the pork was well seasoned and savory. Everything was good, this was a damn good Banh Mi. My wife ordered a burger. She gave me a bite, and holy cow was that delicious beef! The food here was excellent, this is a gem in Philadelphia. 
The shop was clean, the service was good. I'm thinking about that burger more then the sandwich now. Damn this place is good!I almost went to Dunkin' for a breakfast sandwich instead but THANK GOD I came to my senses. These sandwiches are magical. I needed a good hangover cure and Stockyard had Powerade and a very greasy sandwich to help me out. Unraveling it was like looking into your child's eyes for the first time. Check it out.As some have mentioned, this place is somewhat hidden. I was fortunate to work right up the street and found them when I was determined to have a quality sandwich. I'm a fan of their Banh Mi, Brussel sprouts, and specials! The specials keep things interesting, but I could really eat their Banh Mi daily! To balance this (and explain my 4/5 stars), I've noticed that their sandwiches on potato buns (e.g., salmon patty, soft shell crab, chicken sandwich) are not as good as the others. I find them a bit soggy because the bun is too soft. They have also been a bit flavorless compared to the flavor explosions that I get with their Banh Mi and Bulgogi (a special). Overall, I definitely recommend this place for their wide range of sandwiches (you'll find something you like) and bold Asian flavors.The food here is always good, fresh ingredients and great variety. But today the service went that extra mile. I went in for some soup and mentioned I was getting over the stomach flu as I asked if the side grilled cheese was greasy or dry. When they handed me my to go order, they also gave me a bottle of ginger ale and told me to feel better. Made my day and guaranteed I'll be back. (And the grilled cheese was just what I needed, perfect on the road to recovery sandwich.) Thanks guys!Always great sandwiches and the sides are awesome! Love the fried potatoes. You should definitely try this place if you are in the area. You will not be disappointed!Best breakfast sandwich in Philly easily. The vegetarian scrapple definitely stands out. This is a must try breakfast place for vegetarians or better yet anyone!!Got the bahn mi and fried chicken sandwiches with onion rings.  The onion rings were fried perfectly. It was crunchy and the seasoning was on point. Baguette was crunchy on the outside but soft in the inside. I liked the fried chicken more than the bahn mi sandwich. The flavor was better balanced than the bahn mi sandwich. Fusion food is great when the individual cuisine is highlighted correctly. I think in general bahn mis are remembered for the pickled vegetables. However, in this sandwich I don't think carrots and radishes were pickled enough. I think if they shredded the vegetables instead of cutting them into slices, that would further enhance the sandwich.Great addition to the neighborhood.  Really good sandwiches and daily specials that change often.  Can't wait to go back.Simple menu great food. Really enjoyed the fried chicken sandwich and the falafel is on point! 
I didn't find the Bahmi to be totally authentic outstanding but still very tasty.The food was excellent! 5 stars. I ordered the pig belly banh mi and it was perfectly cooked and the fried potatoes were delicious.
I docked a star for their customer service. It left a lot to be desired. When entering the store it took a little too long to take my order which I would have understood had it been super busy, except there were only two other customers and they had both ordered already. It also took a little too long for my order to come out, especially when I ordered before four other customers and they all received their food before me. I am not sure why it happened but it wasn't appreciated. I'll definitely give it a shot if I am in the area again but I won't be going out of my way to come here.This is one of the best sandwich shops in Philadelphia and here's why.
I just had the brussels sprout mushroom sandwich with sliced apple fennel mushroom duxelles (which is an amazing combination of mushrooms cooked down with onion and that adds amazing flavor), it also has a sort of tofu spread on a crusty baguette.
I'm not a vegetarian but this is probably one of the best sandwiches I've had in Philadelphia.
It combines the sweet, salty, meaty, flavors in every bite. It's the ultimate umami combination!
There is the option for adding crumbled blue cheese and it brings the whole sandwich together so definitely get that!
You can tell there are some highly trained and skilled chefs behind this small unassuming shop in the community college neighborhood of Spring garden/Fairmount.
I live on the other side of town and made a special trip over here. It's definitely a destination place for a great culinary experience and for under $10This underrated spot is probably my favorite place in the 'hood. I've been going at least once a week since they opened, and the employees always notice and say hello. I haven't strayed far from a breakfast sandwich on an everything muffin because it's just SO GOOD. They cook the eggs (perfectly) any way you want, have local meats, homemade hot sauce, and the option for a vegan scrapple patty if you prefer. 
The girl that works the cash register is always bumping some rap songs and dancing around, which makes the mood light and fun. I wake up craving this spot basically every weekend now and have been trying to convince anyone and everyone to go with me. Keep it up, Stockyard!This place has amazing food. The first time I came I had a breakfast sandwich and t was great. The second time was for lunch and the braised beef sandwich and burger were even better. Their sides are also excellent. I'm so glad I found this place.I had the beef stew with a grilled cheese. I didn't expect as much food as I got. The grilled cheese was awesome. My boyfriend kept stealing bites of it. The beef stew was flavorful without being salty. We ordered onion rings after seeing pictures of them on here. They didn't disappoint. The batter alone was amazing and the rings were HUGE. At one point, I looked over and my boyfriend was licking the cheese off the paper his braised beef sandwich had been on. We ended up taking the cupcakes we got to go. Like everything else, they wowed us. 
We anticipated the food would be good. We didn't expect to love it as much as we did. We were talking about it for the rest of the night. We're already discussing what we're going to order next time.Best breakfast sandwich I've had in the city! Build your own - bacon was perfectly crispy and smokey, jack cheese was on point. The star of the show, The Everything Philly Muffin, is unlike anything I've had. Its like a cross between muffin and roll.. perfect! I'll definitely be coming back to try their lunch options.Oh. My. God. This is now my go to hangover meal spot. I got a build your own breakfast sandwich with the everything muffin, scrambled eggs, scrapple, and house made whiz -- it was divine. This place is pretty inexpensive and service was quick! I'll definitely be returning many, many more times.This place has excellent sandwiches, and some good vegan options for the veggie lover in your life.  I have had the pastrami special and the braised beef with homemade wiz.  Both were excellent and reasonably priced.  Sides are good too -- fried cauliflower, potatoes.  My wife had the salad, falafel, and also the brussell sprout sammy, all very good.Came here twice today. Went by in the morning and got a everything muffin breakfast sandwich with egg whites and bacon. Great bread and good coffee from la colombe (although would be better if fresh brewed or made using drip on spot). Bacon was crisp and portion was good. Could be considered a little heavy for those that are on the health train.
Took half of the work team back for lunch and were impressed with the salads, the burger, and the sandwiches. Not crazy options but the sandwichs were heavy, but the meats well cooked. The salads were limited in options but was more akin to sweetgreen than saladworks
Its not a place that blows you away with amazing food like some established sit downs in philly but it has good  farm to table ingredients recipes and offers both the more typical philly diet with a spin and some lighter and more interesting options with their salads. Highly recommend those that work nearby to give it a shot. Its also very reasonably priced.Nice casual neighborhood take out spot. The falafel banh mi was huge and pretty goodYesterday was my first time at Stockyard. I ordered the Pastrami and The Cubano. Both spectacular choices. My friends and I also split some sides: Fried zucchini, potatoes, falafels, onion rings. You get a lot for just a side! Not only were the sandwiches tasty and flavorful but it was certainly hefty! You get your money's worth! Thanks Will. I will definitely return again.I found this restaurant through Yelp and thought the ratings were unusually high but gave it a try anyway. This was a SUPER FIND! I had the braised beef(gluten-free) so they add a side salad for free. The braised beef was extremely tender with a tasty house cheese. 
There are only a few seats for dining in. Oh, the service was super. I will return on my next visit to Philly.Best breakfast sandwich ever. Amazing philly English muffin + sausage + egg. 
It's not busy during the weekdaysI just wanted to give a shout out to Stockyard Sandwich; I engaged them to provide some catering for a meeting at my firm and they were a great hit! Hot Sandwich tray (with Fried Chicken, Whole Pig Banh Mi, Falafel Banh Mi, and Braised Beef), Fried Potatoes, and Chocolate Chip Cookie tray... lots of compliments and requests for future events. Delivery was on time and no problems at all.
Do yourselves a favor and add Stockyard to your list of go-to catering vendors.Delicious.  Had the burger and chicken sandwich.  Both were awesome!
But more than anything I'd recommend their brussel sprouts!  Some of the best I'd ever had!The best breakfast sandwich I have ever had in Philly.  Such a hidden gem.  I live in Fairmount and didn't know this existed until one of my fellow Yelpers told me about it.  Its a small hole in the wall place that is delicious af.
It is a little pricey for a brekky sandy, but I had one last Sunday and didn't eat again til dinnertime.  Everything is customization and made to order.  My rec, however, is getting the bacon, scrambled egg, jack cheese on a Philly muffin! It was sooo good - don't forget a side of potatoes with special sauce.  The servings are v generous, so split the tatters with a friend ;) 
They also have the canned La Columbe draft lattees...what more to you need?  Parking is a b in this area, but they have a lot behind them that is only for monthly parking, but I think you should be fine to park for 15 mins while you run in to get your order.
I'll be back and I'll be bringing friends!The food is always really good. Everything Philly muffin is the way to go with whichever sandwich you get. The guy who's always at the counter is very pleasant and seems to genuinely enjoy what he does. Great place to go.The staff are nice, food comes out quickly. And it's all really good. Their soups are awesome as well. Wonderful quality meat and it's just a huge upgrade from all the pizza places on the block. All their sandwiches are a creative and high quality twist on regular sandwiches. Liked the atmosphere and environment at all.Great lil sandwich place.  Went with my wife and we ordered their beef sandwich and a burger.  The beef was awesome!  Burgers are a dime a dozen, but still good.  This place knows its niche and executes well.  Recommended!Wow! Brussels Sprouts were awesome and the sandwiches were top notch ingredients- not your typical sub shopPaesano's, Plenty, and High Street move over.  There's a new  high-concept sandwich shop in town.  Just finished a Dan Dan rib special that was knocked-out - cleverly conceived with a substantial serving of meat, and a cucumber salad and peanut dressing counterpoint that made the dish just sing.  The heat level was calibrated perfectly to add the to overall composition without overwhelming it.  
But as good as my sandwich was, I was at least equally impressed by the kitchen.  The layout is smart, roomy and efficient.  And judging from the impressive skills on display, the folks working in it were clearly non your average "sandwich man".  One caveat, fresh food expertly prepared takes time.  This is not fast-food.
My only concern about Stockyard Sandwich?  They need some seriously more visible signage.  Tried to find this place last weekend only to drive by without seeing it.  Today on my bike I was able to be more deliberate and my perseverance paid off big time. While low key and classy has it's merits, you still have to build a brand and street presence.Will be my new sandwich spot! Ordered a Chop salad, my friend ordered the Brussel Sprout and Mushroom sandwich with a side of cauliflower. Sandwich was so perfectly cooked and seasoned, very filling, and cauliflower didn't last a second, ate it so fast. My salad is also delicious, but will be getting sandwiches moving forward. Perfection, excellent customer service!Hands down the best, most fresh local version of a cheesesteak sandwich, with roasted beef shreds and home made white cheese, sautéed mushrooms and onions, and it's huge! Two people can share one. 
We also got a side of fried potato chunks, which were salted and tossed with parsley. They were delicious and a great twist on fries. 
The owner/manager and cook both came out to speak to us, refilled our drinks, asked us about ourselves and how we liked the food.
It felt like a really welcoming local place should
Feel, only the food was So Crazy Good I wanted them to become a chain!
You must must must go here!Stumbled upon Stockyard after seeing an Instagram post from Eater. After looking at Yelp, I was shocked to see that such a highly rated lunch spot existed only ONE block from my office and I had never heard of it. When I walked over, I realized why I never noticed it before. It's right next to an out of business Chinese spot and has nearly no sign. 
The food was delicious, the sides are HUGE and everything tastes homemade. Its clear that the chef puts a lot of thought into designing unique and delicious food. Between my coworkers and I, we had the burger, the spicy fried chicken sandwich, the onion rings, the fried potatoes and the brussell sprouts. Everything was perfectly greasy and HUGE. Well worth the $4 for each side.
Looking forward to trying breakfast!We've been eyeing up this new sandwich spot for a while, but were finally able to make it in this past weekend - boy do we regret waiting so long!! First off, the staff was just super friendly and welcoming - which always makes everything better. I had the braised beef sandwich and it was legit - perfectly cooked meat that was juicy and flavorful. My girlfriend got a salad (which she liked!) but she totally regretted not getting a sandwich after tasting mine. We shared the onion rings and the friend potatoes, both of which were awesome. The house made ranch dressing was unreal. We couldn't be happier to have this spot in our neighborhood and would highly recommend it to anyone who likes delicious food and super nice people!Always love a good sandwich joint. This place puts some elegance to the typical sandwich shop. Loved the cauliflower w/ lemon aioli as a side. I just wished they had more options. I will say it seems too pricey for a practical everyday meal like sandwiches traditionally are..worth the visit though. P.S. It is BYOB as well!Best breakfast sandwich by far in Philly. Being from Jersey, we know our breakfast sandwiches!I wasn't sure about this place as I walked by, but I gave it a shot. When I walked in, it looked like a hippy/hipster spot to me so wasn't sure about the food.  I decided on the chicken sandwich with a side of Brussels sprouts..all I can say is FABULOUS.  The Brussels sprouts were crispy and came w a sauce.  The chicken sandwich was juicy and delicious.  I will definitely be back!This place is great! I live right around the corner and saw the stellar reviews and decided to stop by after a work out.
I got the vegetarian broccoli sandwich which had apples and a variety of other things in it which tasted surprisingly awesome together! I also tried my friend's butternut squash soup which was tasty but slightly lacking in salt and not warm at all but once we reheated it and added a pinch, it was awesome.
The space inside is fairly small so I would recommend it "to go" or go during non-peak hours if you want to find a seat. Also the service was a little slower than average but still yummy and worth checking out if you live in the area like me.Best burger by far in many months. You just can't get good like this where we live. Earns ever bit of 5 stars. Something for everyone.I have never written a review about a restaurant before, but Stockyard was so good it deserved one. I went almost a week ago for the first time and am still thinking about it. This place is a foodies paradise. I have never had so much flavor in one sandwhich (Smoked Chicken!) Really fantastic. I made the suggestion the other week for my coworkers to try it and they have since not stopped talking about how good it is. The bahni mi was also delicious as was the potatoes and stock sauce and judging by how good lunch has been I can't wait to try the the breakfast sandwiches!This place is a hidden gem in the middle of the block. They came highly recommended and didn't disappoint. I had a braised beef sandwich that was off the hook AMAZING! My fiancee had the quinoa salad which I tasted and it was really good too.
The best part of moving to Fairmount is the food down here is good.So good. SOOOOOO GOOD. 
OMG
The fact that there is a sandwich shop that is gormet, inexpensive AND caters to vegetarians makes me so happy. 
We were staying down the street at an Air BnB and went to this place 2 times in 24 hrs during our honeymoon. 
The owners are super sweet and accommodating. 
No frills. Just really good food.I am so glad that I looked on Yelp before my trip to Philadelphia. I wanted some good food before the Eagles game. I've tried all of the famous Philly cheesesteak spots...as a foodie and a cook, I've been disappointed. But after viewing stockyard's menu, pictures and reviews...I started getting excited. 
I was expecting to have to wait in a super long line seeing as it seems to be rapidly growing in popularity. However, I didn't have to wait at all, I think everybody had already made it over to the game. If I lived in Philly, going to stockyard would be a religious experience for each Eagles game. 
The braised beef sandwich is the top notch echelon of cheesteaks. You will get cravings for this. I had it only yesterday and I am going through withdrawals. I'm tellin you, I would wanna work here just so I can eat the food, forget the money. My Dad got the brussel sprout and mushroom sandwich. I was equally if not more impressed when I tried it. Not a simple task to develop a delicious vegan sandwich, and it wasn't dry either. These guys know food, and there's no ego to go along with it. A humble sandwich shop that is prepared to quietly kick you in the face with flavor. Five stars.Awesome food and service. We got the onion rings, stockyard burger and the banh mi. Onion rings were perfect. Onion wasn't mush, it held its form with a bit of crunch. And the beer batter was very tasty. Both sandwiches were amazing. We had been driving cross country for the past week and this is some of the best food we came across.Allow me to briefly, yet enthusiastically, sing the praises of Stockyard!
After hearing numerous positive reviews, my company hired Stockyard to cater our holiday party. From start to finish, Will (one of the co-owners) worked ever-so-efficiently to meet our various budget and dietary needs. I know Stockyard is known for their meat-centric menu, so I was nervous they wouldn't be able to accommodate a predominantly vegetarian-friendly menu, however they provided a variety that even our omnivorous employees thoroughly enjoyed. Delivery was prompt, accurate, and tasty! One note: as far as catering goes, these portions are HUGE. What was initially quoted as enough for 12-15 people (5 trays of sandwiches, 1 salad tray, and 2 trays of potatoes) easily fed 30-40. Granted, this was not a formal sit down party, but our employees still packed away quite a bit and we had tons of leftovers.
Thank you for the fantastic food! We look forward to working with you again!Went to stockyard for breakfast today and it lived up to the rave reviews. I choose the build your own breakfast sandwich option, with the everything Philly muffin, bacon, and over hard egg. I also had a side of breakfast potatoes and stock sauce (spicy Russian dressing). Overall the food was absolutely delicious. The everything Philly muffin was unique and unlike anything I've had before, and it paired really well with the egg and bacon. The breakfast potatoes were perfectly cooked, extra crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. Service was quick and friendly. I look forward to trying this place again for lunch!Very casual place to eat but so delicious. I got the salmon burger it was very tasty with the special daily side which was some sort of fried potatoes with truffle oil. Really great service too super friendly and they give you cups of iced water if you don't want to buy a drink from the fridge.Had the braised beef sandwich. Still thinking about it a month later. This place is definitely worth the hassle of finding a nearby parking spot.Really delicious breakfast sandwich.
Nice assortment of choices for breakfast sandwiches, from: (a) type of bread; (b) style of eggs; (c) large assortment of proteins, including the obvious ones like sausage and bacon, but also scrapple (which was really good!) and pastrami; and (d) types of cheeses.  Very reasonably priced (I think my sandwich was less than $7) and assembled perfectly.
Lunch menu looked good, too (although didn't get a chance to eat lunch there).
If I lives close by, I'd probably get breakfast sandwiches several times a week and work my way through all the variations . . . .The bahn mi with different kinds of pork in it was killer. Falafels were addicting with its sauce. Battered onion rings delish, scrapple pretty good. Great place to just go in grab a killer sandwich. Chef Owner Will is super friendly and handsome too! Would definitely come in again and try the whole menu!I love this place! Their food is so good! Their sandwiches, fried brussels sprouts, fried potatoes, even their vegan scrapple is yummy! We arrived 10 minutes before closing, but they were nice enough to let us try a sample of their scrapple and gave us free coffee. We had a nice chat and enjoyed the delicious spread of food. Highly recommend this place! Good for lunch!Stopped in not knowing what to expect - what we discovered was clean, fresh food. You can tell the chefs respect their food ingredients, their craft and their customers. Wonderful experience!Best sandwich I have had in years. Was a bit doubtful seeing the high rating, but it's a very accurate rating. I had the whole pig banh mi. Delicious!Easily one of the best sandwich spots in Philadelphia. Definitely love their egg sandwiches, and would also say our top 3  favorites are:
1. Stockyard burger (best burger in Philly, yes rly)
2. Salmon burger
3. Fried chicken sandwich (a special)
The sides are also amazing, as well as their homemade whiz and gravy. 
Last but not least, the kitchen staff are so friendly and really give it everything they've got. We have been here many times, and have always received exceptional service and high quality food.The falafel banh mi merges two of my favorite foods, is vegan, and the prices aren't bad.Hands down the best burger I have ever had. First let's talk about the size, it was not the typical huge burger thays so big or piled with tons of stuff that you can't finish it, but rather their burger is just the right size to kill you hunger leaving room for their unique fries comete with a signature dipping sauce. Now price wise during the after noon it's super inexpensive for a burger, potatoes fries and a soda that should cost easily 15 buck or more will only set you back about 7 bucks total. The place is conservatively decorated just perfectly and the service is on point. My new fave burger jointStopping by to post a review after year+ hiatus. Why? Service was impeccable and food was nothing to sneeze at. Shoutout to the gentleman with the tats. He went above and beyond. 
-Stock burger: very succulent and tasty burger and only $8. Definitely a high way robbery 
-Whole pig banh mi: don't expect a viet banh mi but it was decent at $10. Solid quantity of pig and good mix of spicy and sweet with the xo mayo
-Falafel: couldn't pass up the $4 and 5 falafels but it was average 
-Service: star of the show thanks to the gentleman mentioned above
Overall, would come back and would recommend to others.Love this place... Great food. Everything except their Po-Boys and onion rings is great. Their smoked chicken sandwich, breakfast sandwich, and the veggie Brussels sprouts sandwich are all awesome. I come out of this place with a big smile, almost always.Exceptionally good food, even better service. I shared the braised beef sandwich. Wish I didn't, too good to share. Best thing I've eaten all year.Holy shit this place is so good. Wish it was closer to me! I would go all the time. The bread is so fresh. The meat is out of this world. Wow.Excellent breakfast sandwiches, I can't wait to try their other items!! Hidden gem in Spring Garden!Had the whole pig banh mi and the brisket. Both were delicious. Friendly folks. Small seating area inside. Since it's so close to Masterman HS avoid going in right when school lets out due to crowds. About 20 hungry teenagers descended on the place directly after (thankfully) I ordered. Definitely will be coming back here!Hands down the best sandwich I've had in Philadelphia. We had their Braised Beef and their Fried Chicken sandwiches. So delicious and you cannot beat the service! The owner was incredibly generous and kind and overall a fun guy to talk to. I highly recommend checking them out. And they have an after school special for $5 every Monday-Friday from 230-330! ($5 for a burger OR chicken fingers AND fries). Looking forward to trying to head over for their beer and friends event on Wednesday the Oct. 4!Banh mi sandwich and burger were really good. Onion rings were not greasy and crispy. I would definitely eat here again. Good portion size as well so if you are eating with someone you can share.Just finished my breakfast sandwich from Stockyard Sandwich which contained sausage, fried egg, cheese whiz and hot sauce on a potato bun. I normally wouldn't get cheese whiz on a breakfast sandwich, but it's Friday and I'm an American. All I can say is wow! It was amazingly good and the staff are extremely friendly/helpful. This place is going to be dangerous for me since I live so close, but I highly recommend for everyone to check it out.Awesome good spicy chicken sandwich and the potatoes (their version of fries) are super good.  Fast service, good pricing, nice location. All good to goAmazing sandwiches, friendly staff, and quick service. We grabbed some breakfast sandwiches here with friends one Saturday morning. I opted for an egg and cheese sandwich on a bun and added grilled onions. The ingredients are so simple, but everything put together made a delicious combination. For me, the bread was what made this sandwich- it was extremely fresh and neatly put together, although, after the first bite it will get messier. Worth. every. bite. We've also had lunch sandwiches ordered from Stockyard for small gatherings and I enjoy these just as much. I am looking forward to returning the next time I'm in the area.I had the Stockyard burger and potatoes and it was the most delicious meal I've ever had.Phenomenal breakfast sandwiches at a price that can't be beat! Blown away by this place!I want today for the first time and the burger was amazing! The service was really great. Staff was friendly and professional. I enjoyed everything about my experience and I would definitely go back to try another item from the menu.Wow I was crazy impressed by this place. Best bacon egg and cheese with the stockyard sauce on the Philly muffin. SO good. So glad I came across this place. Nice staff as well.I've had the whole pig banh mi twice and both times it was intensely delicious. The burger was great, too - just keep in mind that it'll get messy if you order it! A really great spot for lunch or dinner and I can't wait to check out their breakfast options.Best. Breakfast. Sandwich. Ever. This place is seriously a hidden gem. I got a breakfast sandwich on the philly everything muffin with eggs, cheese, and instead of protein they were so accommodating and they allowed me to get arugula and caramelized onions! DELISH! We also got the potatoes which were crispy and the stock sauce was yummy. The service here is phenomenal. They asked us multiple times if our food was okay and brought out water and packaged our leftovers for us. Everyone should try this place! Lunch looked awesome too can't wait to try that!This place is simply the greatest addition to my neighborhood. All homemade sandwiches, salads, and soups. I met the owner one time in the early morning while he was preparing for the breakfast rush - his mission is to create great tasting homemade food. Mission accomplished! If you're lucky, there are also a variety of pastries and desserts that his wife bakes (try the pumpkin pie).
The Whole Pig Banh Mi sandwich is one of the best sandwiches I've ever had. Also their breakfast sandwiches are to die for. Good soups and salads too!Breakfast is delicious...friendly and informative staff!!  Will definitely come back!  And the fried potatoes..to die for!!!The staff are very friendly and the food came out quickly. I've tried the grilled Cesar salad which was pretty amazing. The pork banh mi was ok, but I have pretty high standards for banh mi. I've also tried the fried potatoes and cauliflower, both were pretty good but a little too greasy to eat all of it.Oh. My. God. This is now my go to hangover meal spot. I got a build your own breakfast sandwich with the everything muffin, scrambled eggs, scrapple, and house made whiz -- it was divine. This place is pretty inexpensive and service was quick! I'll definitely be returning many, many more times.I was looking for lunch and found this gem using Yelp.  It's just across the street from where I was but the frontage is so unassuming I'd have probably missed it otherwise.
I was torn because all of the choices looked great, so I asked the guy behind the counter what his favorite was and decided to get the Full Pig Bahn Mi.  I was not disappointed, this sandwich has all the flavor I've been missing!.  The pulled pork was well seasoned and the fresh veggies added a nice crunch.  
If you are in the area, or not, give it a try! They offer delivery if you use the Caviar app.  I will be back, for sure.Happy to say, once again I was able to have a burger for breakfast. Yes, to some it's a weird item to consume for a morning meal. To that I say Fuckery. We been trying 
for a while now to give Stockyard a try. But the hours never jived with ours. They 
recently opened on Sunday's and we deiced to venture to them. I usually love me 
some breakfast vittles but after seeing and hearing praise about the burger, 
I figured fuck ya I'll eat me some meaty meat for breakfast. Happily they made our 
burger that we shared. The always welcoming potato bun clinched the double 
patties of divinely season meat. Cheese melty, bacon crispy. Come to me and enjoy 
the sensations of my gullet. Ahhhhh. Bliss. To not seem like it wasn't breakfast time
we did indulge on the oh so perfectly crisp potatoes. Huge portion for us both to share as well. The Stock sauce that accompanied them was house made and complimented them 
like R2-D2 to C3PO. So glad we were able to finally try them out, and we will 
most certainly be back very soon.We are visiting Philadelphia, always looking for some place new and different to eat at. Getting up to closures due to the snow, we called Stockyard Sandwich to see if they were open, and they were. We  walked there to get the best breakfast sandwiches ever! We had an everything English muffin with pastrami, an egg and cheese it was to die for! We also had in house made sausage with an egg and cheese on a baguette fantastic! If you ever get the chance to swing in you really should! Next time we are in Philadelphia we will make this a for sure stop!  Highly talented chef partners, made from scratch food with passion and pizazz!Excellent customer service!! Again, excellent customer service!! The menu is very small but every time I have visited for lunch the food has been terrific.  The gentleman at the counter offers information with a genuine sense of wanting you to be happy with your purchase.  If you opt to eat in they will ask how you are enjoying the food! Prices are reasonable, not cheap but more than reasonable for the service and quality of ingredients!Awesome new sandwich joint on Spring Garden. I tried the Banh Mi sandwich which was like a hybrid between Reading Terminal market's DiNic's pork sandwich (the meat portion) and a classic Vietnamese Banh Mi sandwich (the vegetables and dressings). Very filling and satisying! Will be heading back soonThis unassuming restaurant is a great place to have lunch. Prices are reasonable and service is quick. I had the braised beef sandwich and it was delicious. The cheese sauce just enhanced the taste. One friend had the salmon burger which was a repeat order from his last visit. Another friend had the vegetarian sandwich which was also very good. I know that for a fact. The sandwiches are so big that she only ate half and I took the other half home for dinner. We slso ordered a side of the roasted potatoes and I could have eaten them all day. I'm going back here for lunch.I can't possibly describe how happy I am that Stockyard has finally opened. So far we're averaging 2 visits a week and have enjoyed the braised beef, bahn mi, buttermilk fried chicken and various sides. And then we had breakfast sandwiches that blew our socks off. Go here immediately; you can't make a bad choice...Braised beef sandwich was absolutely outstanding. Highly recommend it! First time here and I plan on coming back again for this sandwich. Onion rings were very good as well. Great little place!I had the Bahn Mi and it was probably the best Bahn Mi I have ever had.  It was full of flavor!This place is great! Super friendly staff day and night. Literally everything on the menu is rich and tasty, and they have daily specials to keep it interesting. Kitchen is always spotless. Hit them up early and try a breakfast sandwich on an Everything Philly Muffin you won't be disappointed! Bring your veg/vegan friends too they got options! Really can't say enough good things about this place.Having been to virtually every worthwhile sandwich shop (that doesn't specialize in one type of sandwich: cheesesteak, hoagie, pork, etc., although I've been to those, too) from Spring Garden to Snyder Avenue, I can finally say that Stockyard is "as good as it gets!" (for any non-yelpers, that's what it says when you leave a five star review)
So far I've only had two different sandwiches, but I plan on coming back to try more. On my first visit, I had the braised beef (house-made whiz, onion, mushroom, baguette). It appeared to be the sandwich that was most raved about by customers. I can see why. The meat wasn't drowning in jus (or whatever) like I've had at other places with braised beef, and it wasn't dry. Now I'm biased because I love onions and mushrooms, but they were delicious (at other sandwich places, they just taste funny?). The baguette was perfect not too hard and not too soft! 
On my second visit I was able to have a breakfast sandwich (I think they might stop at 11:30am?). You can customize your own sandwich with what type of meat, egg, etc. I had the house-made pastrami, fried egg, and Swiss with onions on an everything Philly muffin. Oh boy was it delicious! The pastrami was perfect for a breakfast sandwich. It was in smaller pieces. Some of them fell out, but that's probably because I wasn't holding it properly (though you get a fork with the fried potato side, so no biggie). It was delicious. I wish it were closer to my apartment, so I could go here every morning! 
Both times I had the fried potato side. It's so good, like SO GOOD. They're super crunchy and come with a little cup of dip. I think the first time (lunch), it was the "stock sauce," which was great, but the second time it was just ketchup, still very good. The second time (for breakfast) it came with peppers and onions, which is a great addition to fried potatoes! 
I'll be back soon.Banh Mi
Any place to make this well will always get 5 stars from me. It is a guilty pleasure and a delicious joy! 
Go here, get the food come back with friends! 
I'll give you a high five!
Or go through life sad and unhappy with your life decisionsThe braised beef sandwich is very good. Very very good. Also enjoyed the chicken sandwich and various daily specials. Very quick and friendly staff.Amazing food. Everything I have gotten here has been so flavorful and impressive. Places like this are hard to come by.ow. Not only was the food incredibly delicious but the customer service was unparalleled! Mike, the owner, really knows how to take care of his customers. He even brought out different sauces for my boyfriend and I to try out. Mike informed us that the pork they use is butchered in-house so it's super fresh! We ordered the Whole Pig Bahn Mi and the Braised Beef sandwiches - BOTH TO DIE FOR BUT BRAISED BEEF WON. 
I would highly recommend visiting this spot if you are:
A. Craving a delicious sandwich that's out of this world
B. Looking for big portions &
C. Into stellar customer service 
Will definitely come back next time in Philly!I'm so happy I found this place! I just started working in the city, have been hunting around for good lunch spots. This is a cute little place, with friendly staff, and prompt service! 
I had the falafel bahn mi and fried Brussels sprouts. The food was very fresh, and so flavorful! The Brussels sprouts were super crispy, and the bahn mi was perfect- lightly pickled veggies, just enough spiciness. Definitely will be coming back!Solid burger and breakfast sandwich. And even better fried potatoes! I try to avoid carbs as much as possible, but I somehow can't get away from these potatoes. They are so good! (Crispy on the outside, moist on the inside, and they taste fresh from the potato farm!) 
Although there is some seating space, the place is tiny, so it's more ideal to order take-out than to eat in. They specialize in sandwiches (delicious ones! and fancier than average), but their offerings also include soups and salads, as well as daily specials. The staff is very friendly and the price point is reasonable. 
Their burger is $8, and it's the best burger in units of tastiness per dollar that I've had in a while. It comes in a toasted potato bun, with two beef patties with a slice of cheese in between, topped with caramelized onions, sliced pickles, and shredded lettuce, with some kind of mustard-y sauce. The portion was perfect - I was full after finishing it along with half of my fried potatoes. 
The breakfast sandwich is also great. The quality is comparable to one you'd get from a fancy cafe (with runny egg and all) but only costs $5-6!! And it's a full-sized sandwich filled with quality ingredients (all fresh, unlike other places out there that use reheated ingredients along with toasted stale bread). 
I might not be able to eat sandwiches every day, but if I could, I would definitely get them here!Food is great, service is always friendly and accommodating. The soups are flavorful, and we always enjoy the burgers and onion rings. Highly recommended.I had the Stockyard Burger and onion rings!! It was absolutely delicious. The seasoning on the burger was great and the homemade Ranch was the best I've tasted....I definitely recommend them!!!I was very impressed by the level of execution at Stockyard. The surrounding area is unassuming, but don't let that fool you. This sandwich shop is top notch.
Their menu is fairly short. They stick to the basics: Smoked chicken, Braised beef, Po'Boys, falafel, a burger, and salads. I found they had something that would appeal to most palates.
I ordered the braised beef sub. It comes with beef, mushrooms, sauteed onions, and a beef gravy with house cheese "whiz". The beef was tender and well executed. The mushrooms had a perfect mouthfeel. The still had firmness and very closely matched the texture of the beef. Impressive. The sauce was well-seasoned, complex in flavor with some fond, elements of beef stock, and the smoothness of the cheese. 
The roll upon which they serve the sandwich is soft, a bit chewy, and fresh. Very nice on it's own. I was disappointed with the bread to sandwich ratio, however. I found the bread to be a bit overwhelming for the amount of filling they put on the sandwich. 
I got the chance to try their falafel as well. They have a strong crisp on the bite with a surprisingly smooth filling. The filling respects the flavors of the chickpeas while adding elements of seasoning that complemented it well. The texture of the filling was almost like a moist crabcake. Very good. I'd say this is the second best falafel I've ever had. Very nice.
The owner was present and was very friendly, making suggestions on sauces and making special requests possible. The staff were attentive and helpful. I was very happy with my visit and will hopefully be coming back soon.Had this place book marked for a while. Think of it as a homier jakes sandwich board. Breakfast is great and both the stock sauce and the homemade hot sauce are goodThis is my first yelp review, never felt compelled until today. I just got an onion bagel with over easy egg, sausage, bacon, jack cheese, and House hot sauce. This is the most amazing breakfast sandwich I have ever had. Egg was cooked perfectly, everything about it was perfect. This place is phenomenal, will be coming again to try everything on the menu.I don't give out 5 stars often, but this place deserves it. Creative menu with quality ingredients; they cure and smoke their meats in house, and even make their own cheese whiz!
GET THE PASTRAMI. I had it on a breakfast sandwich (philly bagel is the way to go for bread on that one), with Swiss cheese, stockyard sauce (their version of 1000 island dressing), and an over easy egg. So good.
The bahn mi and chicken roulade are also on point. Even the sides are good, e.g. The fried cauliflower and the onion rings especially are huge and delish.
Glad it's here on Spring Garden!Loved it!  Stopped for a quick lunch, super fresh and tasty.  The broccoli rabe special with tomato jam and almonds was nectar for the gods.  Pork and bean soup  combined for a satisfying meal.  Hubble liked his good size smoked chicken baguette too.  Good job, you guys!  Just remember, no breakfast sandwiches after 11 AM !Don't go here unless you want to eat something absolutely delicious. 
Best vegetarian sandwich I've ever had. Period. Instead of pretending vegetables are meat by squishing beans together into a patty, they lovingly prepare mushrooms, sprouts, Apple slaw and only Heaven knows what else because that sandwich is heavenly. Just so good. Husband loved his pork sandwich, but I think he liked mine better. The onion rings were a tad greasy. Nonetheless, they were delicious. Look forward to next time. I want to try it all. You gunnu make me fat.Amazing staff!!! I was in with a film crew from the History Channel on a TIGHT schedule for lunch. The guys were amazingly organized and kind. Food is SPECTACULAR AND THE SHOP IS ADORABLE. 
I had the fried cauliflower and it was outrageous. I look forward to another shoot in Philly so I can eat here again!! YAY!!!!!!
*extra points for an up to date menu online!!!Tried it for lunch today - asked for braised beef "sandwich" to be over the fried cauliflower, instead of in sandwich form.  Wow - sooo delicious - it had braised onions, mushrooms, and an amazing sauce. Everything is made fresh to order - the food was so good it deserves to be served in silverware.  And they sell la Colombe latte cans and brew fresh la Colombe.Stopped by here for a breakfast sandwich over the weekend. It's a build your own breakfast sandwich style where you choose your bread, meat, cheese sauce, etc. I got a bacon, cheddar, egg over easy with "stock sauce" on an everything Philly muffin and wow! First of all, I am a huge egg yolk slut and the egg over easy in this sandwich was absolutely perfect. (I was also taking this sandwich to go and the staff was so very careful about packaging my sandwich so not to ruin the egg!) I was able to enjoy biting into the sandwich and having the yolk run all over. Messy, but GLORIOUS. The everything Philly muffin is not really a muffin per se, but something much better. The bacon was just a touch salty, but I can overlook it because it was my favorite kind of wonderfully thick cut bacon (the way every bacon should be IMO). Also, I think they house make all their meat? Overall, really great breakfast sandwich and for under $6! It feels like they really put care and attention into every component of your sandwich. You can't beat the quality, taste or the price to start your morning off right.Stopped by this local neighborhood place randomly on a whim for a quick breakfast sandwich during the week. Immediately, I feel in love with the menu with the options of variety you can build your own sandwich on. This is a pretty rare find to have the ability to to build your own breakfast sandwich with so many options. Anyway, with never having an everything English muffin before, I was immediately intrigued to give that a try. In addition, I paid the extra $1 for their egg whites and house made chicken sausage patty. The sandwich itself was very flavorful with the combination of flavors from the unique muffin option to the seasoning profile on the chicken patty. For those looking for a breakfast sandwich with high quality meat options, I suggest stopping by this gem of a place. Don't be surprised if you walk right by it, the sign itself is pretty small to notice.  Excited to give this place another shot during lunch hours to try their lunch menu.Excellent breakfast sandwiches, I can't wait to try their other items!! Hidden gem in Spring Garden.
Update: I forgot my friend brought their special to my party for Super Bowl, which was to die for!!The service was WAY too slow.  Took 15 minutes for 1 sandwich+ fried potato.  This should not happen at a small joint with no other customers waiting. 
As for the food, it was really good.  More urgency in serving and would be a much higher review. 
Update: went back yesterday and had best sandwich I've had in a long time and the service spec was much better.  Thank you!If I could give The Stockyard 3.5 stars I would gladly do so.  I ordered the pork bahn mi and it easily made its way into the top two bahn mi sandwiches that I have ever eaten. The pork was tender and full of flavor, vegetables were crisp and fresh, and the xo mayo was awesome.  The bread was great too.  I was torn between ordering it or the braised beef, but I'm glad I chose it. It was awesome, and I have a reason to return to try the braised beef sandwich.
My rationale for a 3.5 came down to the fries.  I liked the how they were essentially chopped up deep fried potatoes as opposed to the typical french fry.  But, they were way over salted/seasoned as well as way too crunchy.  Almost like cubed potato chips. I like crispy fries but these were bordering on burnt. They would have been good maybe great if they spent less time in the fryer and if they offered an aioli to counter the strong seasoning. They were tossed with what I think were leeks which made for a nice touch.
All in all, I will be back to try the other sandwiches and will give the fries a second chance in hopes that my order simply spent too much time in the fryer.This was my second time at Stockyard, but my first for breakfast. My daughter & I both had bacon egg & cheese sandwiches. Mine on their everything Philly muffin, hers on a plain bagel. Both sandwiches were really good, but the fried potatoes were the star!!!My wife and I initially came here with the hope that they had gluten-free bread, but were initially disappointed. After sharing with the staff about the gluten allergy they recommended getting the cheesesteak over fried potatoes which would be gluten-free. It did not disappoint as they had a separate fryer for the potatoes and the meat was full of flavor and awesomeness. While my wife enjoyed that and I got to reap the rewards of her willing to share with me I got to also have their fried chicken sandwich special which came with kimchi and a soy glaze. The chicken was freshly fried and paired well with the soy glaze and kimchi. We left very satisfied with our lunch and did not miss the lack of gluten-free bread.Exceptionally kind staff and a great buffalo chicken sandwich.  Staff goes out of its way to make sure you get what you need.  Highly recommended.Great sandwich, but really enjoyed the seasonal side...fried (lightly) califlower, with a lemon aoili sauce for dipping.Amazing. Thanks Yelp. Stopped in while in area. You can tell they take pride in their craft and ingredients. Cleanest kitchen in full view when you order. We had Whole Pig Banh Mi, egg and bacon breakfast sandwich and bread pudding french toast. All 3 were delicious and very different cuisines. Excellent, excellent, excellent!! try the onion rings. flaky beer batter which i am normally not a fan of.The spicy fried chicken babe ordered tasted like liver, it was a really weird taste. My burger was ok but nothing that I would return for. Maybe the food was off that day I don't know. Customer service was fine. The pictures and good reviews seemed so great and I really didn't want to give 3 stars sorry.I am so upset with myself for not taking a photo of my sandwich that was OMG heavenly! ! 
I had a sandwich on this thing called a Philly muffin (not even sure how you describe it  maybe an everything  bagel but a muffin) which comes from a local bakery that's been in business for about three years. Topped this bad boy with eggs over medium,  house-made chicken sausage,  pepper jack cheese with served their homemade red hot sauce ! This is the best breakfast sandwich I've ever had no kidding.
I think I really appreciated this place because the guy that made my sandwich was so knowledgeable and passionate about the food. He shared how they source locally and they butcher their own meat.  I mean everything really is farm-to-table and it's a pretty reasonable price. 
It's a bonus that it's a nice addition on the street which is pretty limited in their offerings bye bye bye Dunkin Donuts!Believe the high rating. This place does great sandwiches!! My favorite is the whole pig banh mi! The braised beef is excellent but my go to is the banh mi. The fried potatoes are excellent too. They taste like a great combo between fried potatoes and chips. However, if you are ordering it to go I wouldn't recommend the potatoes because they don't travel well. They taste amazing fresh. I hope this place's quality stays high as I will keep coming back if it is.My roommate came home with a burger and onion rings one night and it looked absolutely amazing. Tried a bite no knew I'd have to go for myself. We've gone a handful of times since along with our friend who needs GF food- they didn't disappoint. The onion rings, homemade ranch and a standard burger are the BEST!Don't believe the hype it's just a breakfast sandwich..came in 11:27am on a Thursday and told me they do not serve breakfast past 11am. The counter guy proceeds to tell me they can put bacon and eggs on any of the lunch sandwich. Way to throw it in my face and stop serving what I want at 11am when y'all know you can keep making them. I walked out and i am not coming back. Place was dead and would not just make me what I wanted and take my money obviouly they don't like money. Great business model.Finally made it to stockyard after months of meaning to. 
Ambiance- a cute, small storefront with some communal seating. When I went, there was nobody eating there. There's funky art on the walls that gives he place a cool vibe. 
Service- fast, friendly, and accommodating. I had questions about reheating and stuff that they were happy to answer. 
Food- slammin. The bahn mi was flavorful and delicious and not getting it would be a mistake. The fries are also delicious and unique- more like potato chunks? Get those too. 
I'll happily be back!This place is amazing!
I previously have had a few of their sandwiches, (all where great) but their burger was fantastic!
Between the bun, the fixin's and the meat- there is not one better. 
Staff is awesome, and I have told tons of people about this place.
Can't wait to come backGlad to have this place in the neighborhood. I love that they use Philly Bread, the Philly muffin is one of my favorite bread items ever :) the menu is pretty creative and everything is made fresh, in- house, and pretty much right in front of you. There was something salty about my sandwich, but some people love salt ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ I'll be back anyway. Also love that they have a vegan option that's as creative and interesting as everything else!The breakfast sandwiches saved my life.
I've tried almost every combination of breakfast sandwich they offer and there is no wrong one.  Just wish there was a way for you guys to be open Sunday!Wow! What a great place! Amazing food and friendly staff.  We had the braised beef - tasted like amazing beef stew on a hoagie roll - delicious! Smoked wings were so good they almost tasted like smoked ribs - seasoned amazing. The stock burger got two thumbs up from my two youngest.  The daily hoagie was smoked ham - it has to be one of the freshest tasting, gourmet deli sandwiches I've ever had!  
Tip: bring quarters for the meters!
HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!A group of 4 of us enjoyed everything we ate! The best meal between us was the whole pork bahn mi. It was so tasty! Also the onion rings are homemade and you can't leave without buying them. Small inside so make sure you have a plan to take your food somewhere else in case it's packed because it's SO GOOD it's probably always gonna be packed!Just tried this place and the food is nothing short of amazing. Went in with my wife after work to grab a quick bite we ordered the burger, braised beef, onion rings and fried cauliflower and it was delicious and very reasonably priced. Only thing I'm disappointed with is that I didn't take pictures to show how great the food is. Will definitely be back.Small spot on Spring Garden (when I say small, I mean do not bring more than yourself to dine inside lol) great location. Community College of Phila is right across the street.
I've been wanting to try Stockyard's burgers and now I'm here on a Monday at 12pm to do so. Actually it's Tuesday now as I'm finishing this review. I ordered the Classic burger and onion rings. The burger came with pickles, sauce, cheese, onions on a potato bread bun. The onion rings were pretty massive and greasy, but did not stop me from devouring them. Their onion rings could possibly be the best in Philly. They came with a ranch mixed with tartar dipping sauce awesome!
The classic burger was a pretty good burger. I'm still not sure if it wowed me. Would I get one again? Yes. I'd like to try it with a fried egg on top whenever I get back there. I really want to  try something else on the menu. There are several options of things to try besides burgers so I'll be back for more.The service was WAY too slow.  Took 15 minutes for 1 sandwich+ fried potato.  This should not happen at a small joint with no other customers waiting. 
As for the food, it was really good.  More urgency in serving and would be a much higher review.This place is next level. "Farm to take out" as they say and I have never had a bad experience. Last week I saw their farmers pull up in a truck and the owners negotiate which vegetables to get based on what was most fresh. Amazing sandwiches. The Pastrami Egg and Cheese on the Philly roll is so good that I've had a hard time exploring their other menu items..The service was WAY too slow.  Took 15 minutes for 1 sandwich+ fried potato.  This should not happen at a small joint with no other customers waiting. 
As for the food, it was really good.  More urgency in serving and would be a much higher review.This is right around the corner for my house and I had never been.  Holy cow...an amazing burger and I didn't have to spend $20!  The onion rings were ridiculous...this place is a must go to!Best food ever get the bacon egg and cheddar cheese on a muffin it changed my life I'm not kidding One of the best breakfast sandwiches in phillyJust because you got most of the ingredients doesn't make a sandwich a banh mi. The whole pig banh mi was conceptually a cool idea but the execution was pretty poor. First of all why would you serve the sandwich upside down? None of the ingredients went together it just tasted like a confused adopted child. 
I also got the braised beef with whiz.  Not sure why they told me it was there take on cheesesteak cause the cheese was definitely lacking and the steak was hardly there. Also served upside down. 
Cool shop. Food not so good. Anyone can throw stuff on bread and all it a sandwich.Great burger. Cook to my choosing and liking. Sides were on point. Some of the best onion rings I've had. Highly recommend.This is one hell of a sandwich shop. Everything is thoughtfully and artfully made, homemade that is. It's apparent that meticulous thought and skills goes into the flavors here. Highly highly recommend. This place is worth traveling to.3 words.  "Bang Freaking Bang".  Holy cow everything we had was amazing.  We split 4 sandwiches.  The Bahn Mi, The Braised Beef, The Chicken Roulade and the (try it before you scowl at me) Brussel Sprout sandwich. Holy crap it was all delicious.  And the fried cauliflower should be on your to-do list.  I would recommend going soon before the word is out, otherwise it's gonna be a wait.  Nice job, fellas.The food at Stockyard is just mindblowing!
Perfect menu with a good selection without being bloated. The braised beef sandwich is the best cheesesteak in the city. I cannot recommend this place enough. So happy this is part of the neighborhood.amazingly consistent and flavorful sandwiches with fresh ingredients. get an egg sandwich over easy on a potato roll and start your morning the right way.The staff seems friendly, I know they're using good ingredients...but sweet jeebus what a mess.  Some folks judge a good place by it's sloppy sandwiches, and I understand that.  These guys go way past that point, like where you need a paper-towel blotting before you even get started.
Greasy beyond compare.  If you're hung over around lunch time, this is the place to go.I'm lucky enough to live very close to stockyard and it's a bit dangerous because it's so good. Everything I've tried is amazing from their staple menu items like the burger to the daily hoagie specials. Fresh, local ingredients prepared thoughtfully and deliciously. If I could give more stars, I would!Stockyard Sandwiches has only a small sign outside the row home it operates out of in Spring Garden.  It's not easy to spot but you should find it because this is one of the top sandwich places in all of Philadelphia.  Some people call it 'the Hidden Gem of Spring Garden." They serve breakfast which I am sure is very good but it is the sandwiches that I find spectacular.  Instead of getting a cheesesteak when I returned to Philly, I stopped in Stockyards for their braised beef with house-made whiz along with onions & mushrooms on a baguette,  It is truly decadent and I'm certain shortened my life by a week or so....but it's the holidays!  They also have healthier choices for the new year!Stockyard Sandwich is the BOMBBBB. Everything is so fresh and delicious here. They don't skimp on ingredients and you always leave feeling satisfied. I recently tried the build your own breakfast sandwich option and it did not disappoint. Highly recommend the philly muffin as your bread. It's their version of an English muffin that will make you never want a regular English muffin again. Also love their weekly special sandwiches, soups and sides!Ate at the Stockyard for the first time and it's a really good place. Onion rings are great and had the roast pork sandwich special, which was a good size and very tasty. Had a bite of my daughters beef sandwich and that was fantastic, so I'll be back for that. Nice atmosphere, polite service, the one down side is limited seating.This is maybe my favorite burger place to go. I love where it's located near my college so if it's my break or school ends I can just go there and get a burger. When I came in I seen that the menu was very organized and easy to read. The employees was very friendly and informative about the menu. I ordered the stock burger which contain lettuce, cheese, their own sauce I think?, but loved it, and perfectly cooked patty. I will definitely come back for another burgerI knew from the second the food came out  that it would be great. Has very good portion size and the workers were very nice.World-class chefs make casual, neighborhood sandwiches. As good as it gets. 9/10 things I get are amazing.
The best sandwiches in Philly, Austin, and Houston hands-down (where I have lived). Can probably compete with the best in the nation too.
Breakfast sandwich is always a special treat.This place can definitely give any sandwich place a run for its money. For the smoked carrot sandwich, the smoky flavor is well balanced by the crunchiness of the pepitas. The arugula leaves add freshness with each bite .If I could give six stars I would. My wife and I have been on a search for the best burgers in Philadelphia and I am pleased to say stockyard has won the prize. Monks cafe btw comes in 2nd. 
We are spoiled as we are only a few blocks away, so get to eat here regularly. How lucky are we! 
This small spot is always clean, staff is friendly, but best of all the food is absolutely superb. Double juicy stacked burgers, delicious sides, affordable prices. Let me repeat that very affordable prices. Come on in and give the food a taste. You will be back I'm sure.We went downtown to check out the new Rail park and decided the grab a quick lunch. After checking the Yelp reviews, we decided the give this place a try. My fellow Yelpers we're not wrong. Be it that I'm on a diet, I got the burger without the bread and a side salad with a balsamic dressing. Prob one of the best burgers I've had in a long time. My boyfriend had the pork  Banh Mi. He also said it was one of the best sandwiches he's ever had. Nice healthy organic and vegan choices on the menu. Great little hippie atmosphere with many of the locals grabbing brunch. Very friendly staff with great music playing by giving good vibes. Sad that I don't live closer so I could come back and try more menu items, but will def be back.I would eat here several times a week, if I didn't like to cook! Their creations are so well executed.  Quality ingredients, thoughtful combinations, couldn't ask for a better sandwich place.  You don't even need the great bread to enjoy the contents, but then it wouldn't be a sandwich, and a darn amazing sandwich at that.  Thank you for always going above and beyond and exciting my taste buds!SANDWICH SLAYERS!!!! Braised beef cheesesteak is freaking epic!!!!!!!!! Whole pig banh mi, crisp pork crisp pickled vegetables with a bit of spice, yee ha!!!! Legendary onion rings with buttermilk ranch, what what!!!!!!!!! Patas bravas with some stock sauce, nahmean!!!!!!!
These guys made me lose my mind with their sandwich skills!!!!!One of the best burgers I've ever had. The fries are not my favorite style but they were still very good and they give a sauce to dip them in. I honestly can't wait to go back to try a breakfast sandwich.Great burger and fries with onion rings.  The burger was perfect with everything on it and really enjoyed the fries.  Special alert $5 gets you a burger and fries from 2:30 - 3:30 M-F.  Great deal and excellent food.  Looking forward to trying breakfast.This place is so great! Hidden in plain sight on the north side of Spring Garden is this sammy shop offering breakfast, lunch and so much more. 
We stopped in for a quick late lunch, and while this vegan and vegetarian only indulged in sides, we were blown away by them. If they are any indication as to what the other goods taste like, this spot is on the money. 
We had $4 really tasty falafel! Not too breaded or thick, just right. 
Their fried potatoes are incredible with the right amount of salt, crispy bits and served with a variety of aioli and dipping sauces. The "Stockyard" being the favorite for this crew. 
Torn between the fried mac & cheese for the kiddos or the Brussels we went with the latter and I'm so glad we did. We eat a lot Brussels and these were up there with our favorite EVER! Do not miss these!! Served with citrus aioli. 
I also had the nice cool gazpacho on special. It was perfect on a hot day and had just a hint of tang. 
All items came out remarkably quick and were garnished with fresh herbs. 
While it is more of a quick take out joint, we dined in. There's a communal farmhouse table with high stools and a few window seats with the same. 
They have make your own breakfast sammy options choosing your own bread base I'm super excited to bring hubs back to try. I hear the Philly everything is not to be missed. 
Vegan, vegetarian and gluten free items are clearly marked. 
They always have a sammy of the day and seasonal highlights. 
We will be back and very much look forward to it!
Thanks guys! Everything was so tasty!Small spot but great sandwiches! Came in with a large group and we basically took over all the seats. The staff was really friendly and accommodating. I tried the braised beef, banh mi, and salmon burger. The salmon burger is really good! My favorite of all. The braised beef was a bit too salty for my taste. The sandwiches are big and kinda messy to eat. I also tried their onion rings, smoked wings and fries. I definitely recommend the smoked wings.Quick and accurate service. During a LUNCH RUSH. With only 2 PEOPLE WORKING! Need I say more? Damn right I tipped them twice!
I got the Pork Bahn Whole Pig and was fully satisfied. A flavorful sweet and spicy tasting sandwich perfectly portioned and wrapped to lock in all of the pieces. I would get it again if I had more room to fit it in my stomach. This sandwich was perfect!
In addition to the great selection of sandwiches, and quick service, they brought the food to our table! Again, ONLY 2 PEOPLE WERE WORKING!
Everyone I talked to about how great this place has raved about the burgers. Now I wish I got that. Oh, well. There's always next time. I recommend this place if you're in the Fairmount section of the city. #HastyFoodiePicWe have been wanting to try Stockyard for weeks, and were able to order takeout quickly on a Sunday at 1030 a.m., just missing the breakfast rush. Let me tell you, MMM I am in love with the roast beef sandwich; the sauce on it is amazing and the mushrooms add great texture. The sub is huge, and I was able to enjoy it throughout the day for multiple meals. 
The breakfast sandwiches are good, but I recommend getting the special sauce or spicy mayo on it to add some extra flavor, since I wish they had more options for toppings. We did get the special sauce with our home fries, pro tip right there, which were crispy and the perfect side for our sandwiches. They were a large enough portion to share, even though my boyfriend hates sharing more than anything. I think Stockyard's strength is in their specialty sandwiches - which I can't wait to try some more of!Literally the best sandwiches in the city. I've made my way around their menu over the past 3 months. Everything is amazing and there is always something new. The sides make we wish I had a bigger stomach. All this and I still haven't yet tried the braised beef which is supposedly the best of the bunch. I know it's the thing to do to point out some small way to improve but this shop deserves way better. Definitely a top three contender for best sandwiches in Philly.Stockyard has extended their menu with a few staple American comfort food as well as a few healthy options (e.g. mixed green salad, charred broccoli). I'm quite satisfied with my recent takeout orders here!
================================
This must be one of the top sandwich shops in the city! Three of us came here for breakfast and you can customize you breakfast sandwich! I went for breakfast over potato platter so I could enjoy both the protein (eggs & chicken sausage) and the acclaimed fried potatoes! I ordered a side of falafel to go for lunch, which were heavenly delicious! The coffee was also good (I believe they use La Colombe beans), as you usually get crappy coffee at sandwich shops.
The only thing that prevent me from giving five stars is that food here is way too salty to our tasty! Though I know most prepared food are high in sodium, but all three of us found their homemade chicken sausage extremely salty that day. The potatoes and falafels were salty, too. I hope the owner read my review and consider adjust the recipe a bit. At end of the day, it's something good for every customer's health :)Unassuming and flavorful. Just went for lunch with my daughter and they delivered two amazing sandwiches. Don't miss the Banh Mi and the Braised Beef. Excellent.Beyond delicious. My first visit to any restaurant in Philly and I am BEYOND impressed. Great service, rockin' music, delectable food. 100% worth the money. Please visit this company and support their business.Stockyard has AMAZING food and great customer service. They're always so nice here. They gave us free brownies today! 10/10, I suggest everyone come!Amazing sandwich spot, or at least a modern super version. Ordered the braised beef and whole pig banh mi sandwiches, which were amazing. All of the ingredients came together splendidly which made for a great lunch.
The shop is a bit our of the way for Rittenhouse residents, I actually discovered them from their instagram account. I will definitely be back.Woke up one morning with a serious hunger. The previous night's dinner was underwhelming, so the wife and I decided to find a good breakfast spot. 
Stockyard's build your own breakfast sandwich and daily specials were exactly the kind of options and flexibility we needed. We were able to park right out in front and walk in to make our orders. The seating/waiting area was quaint. 
We ordered two breakfast sandwiches and some fallafels to snack on. I got the Philly muffin - whole wheat with scrambled eggs, pastrami, Swiss, and Stock Sauce. My wife ordered the Philly muffin - everything with over hard eggs, pastrami, cheddar, and Stock Sauce.
Those sandwiches we're so friggin good. The muffin had good structure with the creamy crumble of a biscuit. The eggs were well prepared with rich flavor. The pastrami was so on point. I had never thought to put pastrami and eggs together before but it worked so well together. It wasn't as heavy as bacon but with equally rich, smoky flavor. I liked both the Swiss and  cheddar combo. The stock sauce didn't stand out to me, but perhaps that's the point. Instead the strengths of each ingredient - bread, egg, protein, and cheese - we're amplified by the stock sauce but none overpowered. 
The falafels were legit. I make falafel all the time and I've had them throughout Israel. These showed up with a nice spice and aromatic combo. The carrot-ginger vinaigrette really worked well with the fried crusts of the falafels. 
These would do great work on any serious hunger or any other day something similar like a hangover, for example.Fantastic yet simple and accessible sandwiches. I've had the burger, the breakfast sandwich, and the chicken sandwich, and they've been consistently excellent. There's a small seating area, but we're always able to find a spot. It's among a bunch of mediocre places on Spring Garden, but don't let that distract you from this hidden gem!Honestly, one of the BEST burgers I have even eaten. Went for the braised beef sandwich my first time trip, which was pretty good, but another customer had gotten the Stock Burger, and I knew I would return for that item. Which I have done several times now. I am not usually a burger condiments guy but the ketchup and mustard mesh with the jack cheese and nice potato bun. Perfect. Fried potatoes with stock sauce are a nice side and roasted sweet potatoes with chili glaze were outstanding if available.The braised beef sandwich is one of the best sandwiches I've ever eaten.  Small menu and they execute it all to perfection. I got the fried potatoes with it...but I should've left them because the sandwich was ALL I NEEDED. That said, the fried potatoes were awesome and complemented the sandwich perfectly. Next time I visit it will be with a friend and we will split the meal!  I'm STUFFED...and took the potatoes home for a snack later. Would definitely recommend this spot and will try to get back here even though I'm almost 90 minutes away.This is maybe my favorite burger place to go. I love where it's located near my college so if it's my break or school ends I can just go there and get a burger. When I came in I seen that the menu was very organized and easy to read. The employees was very friendly and informative about the menu. I ordered the stock burger which contain lettuce, cheese, their own sauce I think?, but loved it, and perfectly cooked patty. I will definitely come back for another burgerThe place is great the food is great. The man who takes the orders is awesome. The service is awesome. I go during lunch hour during the week and would love to have a nice place to sit down but you cannot even sit down because of all of the school kids in there. Stockyard runs burger specials for the kids all day. It is annoying. It is even annoying if you are going in to just pick up food and not dine in.We ordered catering from Stockyard for 11 people. Everything was ready and fresh for us upon pickup. April, with catering, was really responsive to all of our needs prior to the day. We ended up getting the following:
-hot sandwich tray 
-potatoes
-cous cous salad
-regular salad with falafel
It worked for our crew but if we had bigger eaters we definitely would have needed more sandwiches. Thanks again, Stockyard!Incredibly tasty food: braised beef so beefy and grilled cheese grilled in butter,fresh homemade onion rings, and interesting sides like browned broccoli with sweet Asian sauce and crispy puffy fried potatoes. Very reasonably priced and nice folks.Sandwiches, sandwiches, sandwiches,...   The  sandwiches here are freaking awesome!
If you can't find a favorite here and fill up on one of their sandwiches there is definitely something wrong with you.  These sandwiches rank as some of the best in Philly for sure.
The braised beef and the whole pig banh mi are awesome.  The braised beef is beefy, cheesy, mushroomy, and caramelized onions.  This alternative to the Philly cheesesteak is a great choice.  
The onion rings and fried potatoes are great accompaniments to the sandwiches.  Although I like brussel sprouts I didn't think I liked their version here and quite frankly ended up throwing most of it away.  This was the only thing I've order here that I'd not recommend.
I've never been able to get a parking spot here without circling more than a few times.  More often than not, I've double parked and ran inside to get my order.This might be the BEST sandwich I have ever eaten. So flavorful and juicy. I would recommend this place to everyone. Get the fried potatoes too.Came here for a breakfast sandwich because I was craving something with scrapple. It was huge and delicious.Had the Whole Hog Bahn Mi. It had similar ingredients of a bahn mi but it was a very greasy sandwich. I had bought food for a group of us which included the fried chicken sandwich, the beef sandwich and some sides. All of them had the same greasyness which caused them to fall apart which is something I didn't care for.Good damn it this place is amazing. Unbelievably good. The guys working here are also incredibly nice. I had a rough day and the guy hooked me up with some free food. Service and thoughtfulness like that goes a long way today. 
The sandwhiches are quality. Come here. The wings are also amazingGreat food, great service. I'm writing words to fill the minimum characters so that this review is shown. Nothing else to say besides the food is fantastic and that you should come here. Have a great dayI called and the woman that was on the phone told me they were closed -- but if you're closed then why are you answer the phone?? WHO ANSWERS THE PHONE?
they need to be fired.
furthermore, when i drove by they had a sign in the window that they said said they were open, but when i went to the door the door was CLOSED.
WHO CLOSED THE DOOR?
no good, never again. i'm never going outside again.It's been two days and I still cannot stop raving about the pork Bahn Mi from Stockyard. 
This past Thursday was my third time going to Stockyard for food. The first and second time were for breakfast sandwiches and platters and I have never been disappointed with them. The breakfast platter with eggs, bacon, and potatos was a little too salty for me, but that's pretty much exactly what's needed to combat a Sunday morning hangover. Just don't order a bagel and cream cheese unless you remember to ask for extra cream cheese. They were kind of skimpy in that regard.
Anyway, what I really want to comment on is my experience this past Thursday (Eagles Parade crazy day) when I stopped in for a sub  (sorry Philly ppl, I am a northern NJ native and I don't believe in hoagies). I had heard (probably from reading Yelp reviews, idr) that their Bahn Mi was really good. Our food was ready within 10 minutes and the guy at the register was super friendly. Both of my friends ordered the falafel bahn mis (Mies? Mis? Miis?). 
O.m.g. the sub was much bigger than i expected, maybe about 8 inches? A normal person could have eaten half and saved the other half for later, but I don't have limits and ate the entire thing immediately. Loaded with shredded pork and mandolin-thin veggies, some bomb mayo, I saw some cilantro... I was a little drunk once I ate it so I can't properly recall everything. But I do remember loving the F out of it. My friends both really liked theirs as well. At around 11 dollars for the sandwich, it's no Wawa sub, but it is 100% worth it. I admit, I'm no expert at Bahn Mieseses, and have only had one other before, but I am a self proclaimed food critic and gourmond, and know a good food when I eat it.
I marveled about this Bahn Mi to my mom, dad, boyfriend, and anyone who would put up with me. I can't wait to get another. I am so glad Stockyard exists in my neighborhood. It's a bright star on a block that initially only had 3 pizzerias.Had probably top 3 most amazing breakfast sandwiches ever!!!! Please do yourself a favor and stop by this joint.Stockyard is so good that I came back the next day for another sandwich.
My first visit was on a humid Friday afternoon for lunch with some coworkers. I ordered the Whole Pig Banh MI and was able to swap half of my sandwich with half of my coworker's special sandwich - Fried Catfish. 
Both sandwiches were A+ and perfectly crafted. Of the two, the Whole Pig Banh Mi is the clear winner - incredibly juicy and flavorful, with all of the perfect elements of a Banh Mi. The fried catfish was good, too.
We all shared some sides: fried potatoes (oh my god... so good!!!) and the fried Brussels sprouts (also incredible.)
I came back the next day with my boyfriend so he could try Stockyard. I went for a lighter option: the Summer Veggie Wrap, with lots of fresh veggies and crunchy fried chickpeas. It was light and not too heavy (compared to the Banh Mi). He ordered the Salmon Burger, which was incredibly messy and bursting with flavor.
Incredible sandwiches, super nice and friendly staff. A great spot just off Broad Street!More like 3.5. Sandwiches are great here. The bahn mi was amazing. So flavorful and great bread. The brisket sandwich was very heavy and tender.
Onion rings and fried potatoes are just okay. I was surprised by everyone's rave reviews.
Onion rings were a bit bland, tough I like the batter they used.
The fried potatoes were nice and crisp, but they weren't mind blowing or anything. The stock sauce with the potatoes was tasty. Got TONS of potatoes with one order.
Limited seating.
Friendly service. Food came out quickly.
Felt awful afterwards from all the fat and fried food, but that's my own fault!
Overall, I would definitely return for the sandwiches!They DO NOT offer GLUTEN FREE sandwiches! Stockyard's idea of gluten free is to put the sandwich filler's on top of greens, basically an expensive salad. Family members (those who can eat gluten) said their sandwich were good, however, did not warrant a 5 star rating. Both agreed an overall 3 stars rating is a bit generous.Okay I love stockyard dont get me wrong. Their braised beef sandwich easily top 3 sandwiches I ever had. But, I had their special sandwich todsy; which was the bratwurst sandwich. There was some errors on the sand which. First too much mustard. Mustard can be a very strong sauce and too pair it with sausage that is naturally salty, it doesnt pair well. I ate the whole sandwich with all of the components, but what really stands out is the mustard and the sausage. The actual sausage was very good and cooked well. The combination with the whizz, cabbage, and sausage went hand and hand. I think all the combination of flavors could've worked well including the mustard, but I think there was too much of it that it kinda killed the whole sandwich. Btw the potatoes was little overly salted. I love this place and I wish I gave it 5 stars but the sandwich was alittle of a let down. 3/5 starsWithout sounding too dramatic, this was one of the best breakfasts I've ever had in my entire life. My husband and I both ordered bagel breakfast sandwiches. Both were fantastic! I ordered mine with bacon, cheddar, scrambled eggs and stock sauce. We also ordered breakfast potatoes. These potatoes were out of this world! Crispy, yet soft in the middle, perfectly seasoned, with sautéed onions and peppers. Best potatoes I've ever had. We also had our toddler with us who we planned on just having eat off of our plates. One of the workers came out and offered to make him toast with homemade cherry jelly. My son loved it! Not only was the food outstanding, but the people working were fantastic.There are many sandwich spots in this city, but none I would revisit before Stockyard Sandwich.  And I'm hardly a sandwich person.  But Stockyard will wow you.
I recently had the falafel banh mi and I thought it was highly comparable to its traditional counterpart.  Me being 100-percent Vietnamese, I hope this lends some weight.  The baguette was crusty and toothsome, fresh green jalapenos and fixings, and hearty falafel.  In addition, the CrossFit bro sitting next to me was mowing down the pork banh mi, and he gleefully exclaimed, "This banh mi is THE sh*t!"
Although they have a variety of meaty and vegetarian sandwiches, the breakfast offerings are the MVP of the menu.  A Philly muffin with perfectly fried eggs, warmed Swiss cheese, spicy arugula and pickled red onions to cut through the richness, while a slather of saffron aioli amped up the flavor of the protein.  I can't imagine a better sandwich creation.  The chefs behind the counter deserve  a master's degree in sandwich engineering because the plates are delivered beautifully crafted, unlike most messy salt bombs at other lunch shops.
Overall, the menu will appeal to everyone--vegans, vegetarians, carnivores--because with local ingredients and quality meats, the food is plenty and wholesome.  One last tip:  if your order the fried potatoes (wonderfully crisp with skins), ask for ketchup instead of the Stock sauce.  The sweet acidity of the ketchup will perfectly counter the savory rich flavor of the potatoes.The quality is always good and so is the service.  The breakfast options are solid and flavorful. The burger is great. The fried chicken sandwich special when they have it is awesome.  The fried potatoes are also worth it. Crispy but light in the middle.This place was quite the surprise! We stopped in for lunch on a Sunday afternoon after working out. The space is very small-- one communal table that seats ~8 and some bar seats at the back. You order at the counter and the employees bring the food out to you.
The menu was mostly sandwiches, a few soups, and chicken wings. They serve breakfast sandwiches all day which sounded good but we did not try them. Two of the people I was with ordered burgers and I ordered the braised beef sandwich. The burgers had two patties on them and were VERY juicy and delicious. My boyfriend added their special sauce (forget what it is called but similar to big mac sauce) which made it even better. The patties seemed almost a little underdone but apparently he wasn't asked how he wanted them cooked. The braised beef sandwich was topped with caramelized onions (I got it without mushrooms) and some sort of white whiz which was amazing. The beef seemed like it was slow cooked and had a shredded pot roast texture. We also ordered a side of fried potatoes with peppers and onions which came with a side of the same sauce my boyfriend got on his burger.  The potatoes were pretty greasy but delicious nonetheless. 
The food came out pretty fast and the employees were extremely friendly. I like that they have daily specials as well. I wish this place was across the street from me because I would probably go once a week.