I love this place it's so delicious and fun! The Friday hostess is incredible at managing a very packed bar and making sure people get seated. The drinks are great and inexpensive, $3 mango margarita?! You can't beat that. The food is great! I love the stomboli, it's probably one of the best I've ever had! if you go on a slower night the bartenders are very friendly, and very south philly, which makes the time enjoyable. 
The crowd is a little bit older so the noise comes from people talking and having fun. 
Sunday's they have a live singer, which is fun!
My only qualm with this place is they do not take credit or debit cards. I would probably go here a lot more often if they did, and spend a lot more money. On the plus side if you use the ATM machine they'll give you a free draft beer, sometimes it's of your choosing depending on which server you get.I like this place a lot. They have a great Quizzo with probably some of the best prizes in the city, an excellent Chicken Ceaser salad and stromboli. 
I do think the booze is a little pricey, but beer specials are right on. Nice atmosphere (get there early for Quizzo though)Fun atmosphere, especially on a Sunday night when there's a live singer. Decent beer selection and friendly staff. Food is average.Hit this spot for lunch with some coworkers. We split a salad, a Stromboli, and a pizza between us. The salad was really good with black olives, onions, pepperoncini, salami, and pepper jack cheese.  Stromboli was cappicolla, salami, and provolone. Pizza was sausage, pepperoni, red pepper, and onion. Everything was AWESOME!  I woulda liked to have tried their Sausage Bites appetizer and a beer, but we had to head back to work. Next time!just terrible, from the slow service to the yucky food and the incredibly rude bar patrons.  oh, and the owners and managers are also completely obnoxious.  come here for your daily dose of homophobia and racism!  what a lame addition to the neighborhood: another bar with no originality or class.
also, the management are writing fake reviews.  cathleen, anyone?  come on now.Great neighborhood spot.  Small family run, not trying to be anything but a good place to get a great meal and a beer, and they do it well.Best tavern in south Philly, hands down ! Great service tooI came here once with a good friend of mine. The service wasn't bad and the atmosphere was nice but the food wasn't good. I ordered chicken parm, which is difficult to mess up, but it was...my friend ordered something else and they brought him something completely different from what he ordered. He ate it anyway, and wasn't impressed either. Although the service wasn't bad, probably wouldn't go here again!Good pizza...CHECK
Good mussels...Double CHECK
Good Chicken Cutlets....The Best CHECK!!
Seriously good all around. Try their chicken cutlet with broccoli rabe and sharpe prov. One of the best in the city!We ordered in pizza for lunch from Stogie Joe's and I have to say, it was a bit of a letdown. I was ready to like it, and based on looks alone, I thought I was in for something special, alas, my Philadelphia pizza experience has remained consistent. Just ok.  It seems to come down to the crust. The texture is dense which is a bit off putting. On top of that, pun intended, the cheese and sauce seemed to be really light on salt and approaching bland. Sorry Stogie Joe's, I just didn't enjoy it much.CASH ONLY!
That being said- have been there twice since our move to South Philly and this place pleases even the pickiest of eaters (otherwise known as my parents).  Pizza is upside down with the cheese on bottom and sauce on top.  Thinner crust, square- just get the large who doesn't love leftovers?!?!
Potato wedges are a incredibly small portion- 4 of them showed up as a side and about 7 for an appetizer. IMO not worth it.  Side House Salad is great- huge, always bring home leftovers of it and the dressing is killer (yes I saved it and put it on my own salad), comes with delicious meats and cheeses.
Roast pork definitely a great purchase and my mom actually go without bread, which was pretty good as well.
They seem to have drink specials everyday but remember bring that cash!I always order their chicken cutlet with broccoli rabe and sharp provolone.  The last couple of times the sandwich has been really dry.  It's either the roll is drying up or they should put a little bit of juice from the rabe on the sandwhich, or both.  It's still good though so this time I am giving 4 stars.  Next time I will ask if they can add a little juice to it and hopefully that will make a difference. To be continued...Went with local and it was tasty local Philly flavor. Both the food and people. Super nice staff and you feel like you are one of the neighbors. Great pizza and Stromboli. The salads looked fresh and tasty. I will be back.Great little dive bar on Passyunk Ave. Beer and food were good. Wait staff was friendly and attentive. Large portions. Great bang for your buck! The hot roast beef sandwich I had was very filling. I think next time I'll try a square pizza!I cant believe nobody has made a single review about their homemade BBQ sauce! I have literally licked my plate clean and would drink this stuff if I wasn't concerned with appearances.  They are renowned for their pizza - its a must try! The Stogie Joe Stromboli is the best Stromboli in South Philly. The house salad tastes like your mothers and the meatball sandwich tastes like your grandmothers. And PLEASE do not discount anything BBQ on their menu. I am telling you it will be the best BBQ you've ever had.  Oh, I also had their crabs for the first time last night... Need I praise this establishment anymore?! 
Sincerely, a "really-hungry-now" native south phillianBustling neighborhood tavern with great good at reasonable prices. Have the stromboli!!Your parents are in town for Sunday Funday...where do you take them? Stogie Joe's of course!
Every Sunday they have a Sinatra impersonator (in voice not look) from 3:00-6:00 and the guy can sing! My husband and I were the youngest there by 30 years but still had a blast. 
This is only a 3 star review because we didn't eat and it's cash only with an ATM surcharge of $2.75- ouch! But it's a fun time to hang out and sing along.I gotta say - the name of this place scared me off for a while.  Stogie....Joe's....Tavern...?  In a city of 100s of pizza delivery options to one's doorstep, why would I choose a place with this strange name?
Well, I'm glad I broke down and tried delivery one day anyway.  After all, the idea of upside down pizza is *so* intriguing.  And let me tell you - this pizza blew away my expectations.  It's nothing I would ever expect to like in pizza (I'm a NYC pizza fan) - thick crust, a thin layer of cheese, sauce on the top- and yet it works! It works so well!
All of my delivery pizza now has to come from Stogie Joe's. All of it.  And occasionally I opt for a stromboli because those are darn delicious as well.My sister-in-law loves this place and wanted my wife and I to bring her and her hubby here for her birthday. We arrived about 5 pm on a Friday night. Parked about a block away. We were told about a half hour wait. Half hour was really only 15 minutes, but since there was really no place to sit or stand and we were in everyone's way, it felt like forever.
Once we were seated our server took our drink orders while we looked at menus. We ordered a pizza, a house salad, and a stromboli to split among the 4 of us. It was more than enough food. So much we ended up taking leftovers home. Food was served hot and was most excellent. Some have raved about their square pizza with sauce on top as being the best in Philly. While I enjoyed it very much, I prefer a round Neapolitan style pie with cheese on top. The stromboli was cooked perfectly, with just the right amount of ingredients. House antipasto salad was huge, enough for everyone, I think I had 3 servings!
The food was reasonably priced for how good it was. The drinks were cheap as well. I ended up having a couple Yeungling drafts since that's what my brother-in-law was having. I wanted to make it easy on our server, since he was busy and seemed distracted by everything else going on. We had to remind him twice about our drinks from the bar. 
The place was really packed when we got up to leave, impatient people waiting for a table staring at us. Well it is a cool local bar with good food and drink at good prices, I can see what the fuss is about!This is my second time here and I absolutely love it! The first time I got the house salad which comes with salami, peppers, cucumbers, and a delicious dressing. I also got the potato logs with cheese. SO GOOD! One of the best house salads ever. The second time I visited which was 7/28/15, I got the house salad again and I also got the spinach and cheese Stromboli. Delicious!!! I think I'll always get the house salad everytime I visit Stogie Joe's because that's how much I love it. The Stromboli was huge and it was only $9. I even got to take 4 pieces home and it'll be my lunch for work!
This is a cash only restaurant but they have a full bar. They have everyday specials which is awesome: $3 margaritas, $5 shot/beer, and other ones. They also have Quizzo on Mondays and Crab/Mac on Tuesdays.
I cannot wait to go back!!! :)Awesome South Philly ambiance, completely casual and unpretentious. We have been here a few times before Flyers games, and it's a great spot for fresh casual food that tastes great. Their pizza is different in that it has the sauce on top instead of under the cheese, but it's really tasty especially topped with long hots! They have pasta and nightly entree specials as well as good sandwiches and plenty of beers to choose from. They even make a pretty decent cocktail.  If you aren't feeling fancy, Rolling Rock and PBR are always $2.  It's cash only, but there is an ATM on the premises if you should forget. The staff members were pleasant and accommodating on each of our visits.I just tried their pulled pork bbq sandwich. It was good. But what I really wanted to try was their pizza.. Unfortunately I didn't come with my friends, and the smallest size they have still too much for me alone. So I have to skip on that.. sadly.
Friendly service and everything.. easy to find free parking spots.. and.. I still need to try their pizza :(
Well.. I'll be back soon just to try on their pizza.Delicious pizza, big space, great crowd, and they love to do outdoor events with a beer tent...AWESOME!!!
I think some of the old school South Philly crowd here keeps the hipsters away, so the crowd is more diverse than you'll find on Passyunk Ave.
They had a nice tent and set up with a band for Beer Week and for the Passyunk Car show. They also have outdoor seating, and semi outdoor seating. (Side note, part of the bar looks like it's a converted garage. Sometimes the door is open, sometimes the door is closed and they'll then light the fire in the fireplace.)
Go for their beer selection, their tomato pie, outdoor seating.Still my favorite casual go to spot on Passyunk. Sometimes I get a cranky server, but food is always on point and fast. Somewhere I can go with friends or my family. My nieces (6 and 7 years old) love their muscles and chicken parm.Our second time here as a crowd and everything is delicious.
Flat bread pizzas in a few variations, spinach Stromboli, roast pork sandwich.
Saturday evening with the place being crowded and service is always fast. 
A must try when you are in the area!Okay so next time I come here, I'm just gonna stick to good bar basics and what they seem to be known for: stromboli, pizza, and maybe a sub. But we made the mistake of ordering entrées. This is strictly a neighborhood, cash only, pub food style establishment. 
With that said, I've looked at the menu online multiple times to see if I wanted to go here and, for some reason, nothing stood out at me as "wow, I need to try that!" Plus the pizza has no cheese....it's the traditional red tomato South Philly pizza. We decided to give it a shot anyway.
We started with the fried buffalo wings which were actually really tasty with the perfect vinegary sauce. That was probably my favorite part of the meal.
Boyfriend got the full rack of ribs. Delicious, tangy mustardy BBQ sauce- I'll give them that- but the meat was dry and overdone. It still sorta fell off the bones but it was just left in a little too long. Plus, no coleslaw or fries with it. 
That's the problem here- while seemingly cheap, everything is a la carte. So no fries with the sandwich or meatballs with the pasta unless you wanna pay more for it...which can add up quickly. Plus there's no regular french fries, just potato wedges. However, their all-day-everyday drink specials of $2 Rolling Rocks and PBRs and $3 margaritas make up for it.
For dinner I ordered the special that night (when will I learn to just stick to the regular menu on my first visit?) which was meatloaf and potatoes. I figured a homey old school Italian joint couldn't screw up meatloaf. But it was unpalatable - so unbearably salty and garlicky that I brought home 3/4 of it uneaten thinking I just had an off night and would enjoy the leftovers later- but I can't even bring myself to eat it now. The flavors were definitely not lacking, there was gooey cheese in the center, the veggies and potatoes were crispy and tasty, and the meat was good quality (plus it was two giant meatloafs on one plate, so I can't complain about the leftovers). But the crazy salt level ruined it for me. Next time, I won't order off the specials.
Overall, I'd return with a group of people for a few pizzas, strombolis and the family style bowls of salad that they offer. Service was good, especially for how packed it was- and I like the neighborhood vibe. But I'd definitely only stick to basics here.Best pizza and stromboli in Philly but their menu has a ton of great stuff. I love this place.Very mediocre. Great service. Great waitress, but I was very disappointed with the square pie that I had heard was comparable to the best on the planet square pies in Oldforge/Wilkes-barre area, that are fried bottom. Places such as pizza lovin and my favorite pizza place, pizza perfect about 2-3 hours north of philly. Those places and their recipes are so far out of the league of any pizza place that I have tried in Philadelphia since I've lived here. It's a shame no one can figure out how to make a good fried bottom pizza in Philadelphia!!Great south philly bar!  The food is very good and the drinks are good also. Bartenders are really good!  Place can get crowded sometimes and parking can be tuff.  Cash only.I frequented this place with my friends as we were working on our masters degree. It was conveniently close to our school location.  We frequently challenged the advice of our professor when she let us out early and told is to work on our papers and NOT drink. But we would come here to knock them back. 
I dream of their pizza- it is so fresh and tasty. Their lunch special is killer with the salad and tomato pie. It it a lot of bang for your buck.  The margaritas are very good too.  So many places in the city destroy margarita, but these bartenders are excellent.  The atmosphere is that of a neighborhood bar because, you know, it is one.  
If you want some great pizza and a place to hang back and relax, come here!Stogie Joe's is a cross between a local dive bar and a wanna-be Italian restaurant.  We went on a day when there was an Italian festival/Beer Week celebrations outside so it was extra packed and beer was served in plastic cups (not sure if this is the norm).  Pizza made from homemade dough was good though, as were the typical bar fare (i.e. buffalo wings).  They also serve the more typical Italian specialties- Stromboli, pasta, Italian style salads, etc.  Overall, a very South Philly Italian feel to the place with a fun vibe but average food.my favorite for mussels in red. their crab gravy is top-notch. looking forward to trying their pizza next time. a little cramped & confusing upon first entering (no hostess and you feel like you're on top of people. otherwise, pleasant.Really fantastic pizza.  If you need a reason to go, this is it.  Sure, the beer list is terrible and the place isn't glamourous.  But you can eat well here on a budget.  Great addition to the neighborhood!Went to Stogies today for lunch. I had a medium well burger and my boyfriend had wings. Somewhat disappointed with our meals. My meal said it came with potato wedges....it came with two. I figured it would come with more than just two potato wedges! The wings were just okay. Wish I would have got the spinach Stromboli or a Caesar.Went here during a food festival on Passyunk that ran out of food... go figure lol. ANYWANY, the pizza was awesome... the way it was layed backwards (cheese bottom, sause top) was totally unique, and it actually made a difference, really cool and good tasting pizza. I also ate the chicken parm, and it's totally worth the price, it's a big filling portion and it's made just perfect. Plus it's a total benefit that they sell Hoegarden :)I'm just in town for a couple of days and a friend brought me to Smokey Joes. Atmosphere is relaxed. I got a pork sandwich and a small house salad. The salad was great, tossed in italian dressing, filled with lots of veggies, dried meats and cheese, 2 thumbs up! The pulled pork sandwich was good at first and got a little better as the bread soaked up some sauce and it caramelized a little.One of my neighborhood favorites! Cash only. Salads are great for sharing. My boyfriend and I split the small salad, which is plenty for 2 people if you are getting an entree too. 
Pizza always a good bet. Roast pork and roast beef sandwiches are also my favorite. The BBQ baby back ribs are super tender, fall off the bone delicious. The only thing is that I don't like the BBQ sauce so i order it on the side. Prices are moderate and fair. Everything I've order was worth the money. Service is always good and friendly.
Beer and wine selection is average. The tap is eclectic, from Yuengling to craft beers.
It can get crowded on the weekends, and when it is crowded, you won't see the waitress as often. I prefer to go for an early dinner or during the week when the music isn't loud.Some math:
South Philly dive + hip Passyunk corner eatery/ Brooklyn-style pizza pie=
Stogie Joe's awesome pizza, sandwich and beer spot. 
From the outside, Stogie Joe's looks very, very hipster-esque. The remake was completed last year with stone facing and facy signage. However, stepping inside, you can see that the South Philly ambiance is perfectly intact. Yes, there are tacky signs on the wall, some sort of cheap plywood tables and a generally dark, grimy feeling.
What Stogie's lacks in atmosphere is makes up for in spades with its pizza. 
A rectangular (yes rectangular, not square) pizza. Thin. Cheese on bottom. Pushed up sides. I know what youre thinking- isnt this the South Philly Sicilian? No.... this is THIN. And the sauce itself has a touch of spice. The cheese is remarkable fresh, not chewy like most places. 
I suggest the pepperoni. Watch out- it has a little bite.Came here off of recommendation when santuccis square pizza was too busy to grab a seat.
Really happy they were too busy. This pizza was just as good - same deal - square/sauce on top. Their sausage pizza was probably even better. 
Got wings to try the tangy BBQ sauce which was also good, girlfriend got the muscles and was all about them.Good food and good prices. The app salad was enough for 2-3 people and was very fresh. The riggatoni ravioli was awesome. Will check this place out again for sure. Only downfall is that it's cash only.food is delicious. atmosphere is great. service is sometimes slow but everyone is so friendly and happy. definitely check it out :)Wow! Best linguine and clams I've had in a long time! Whole environment was positive and the staff is so friendly that they made me feel at home. The lemoncello martini is to die for. Even though it's cash only they have an ATM. Would recommend to anyone!Delicious. Roast pork, pizza, wings, salad. All made to perfection. Service was excellent. A fantastic place to
eat.Stogies has THE BEST stromboli on earth. Decent beer selection, nothing remarkable, but some craft beer faves. Sausage sandwich, excellent. Specials are creative, affordable, and ON POINT. Classic music, old school South Philly vibes, and welcoming of all. But don't bring your Visa card, cause Stogies is cash only, yo.Went to Stogie Joe's tonight for a beer. The food smelled awesome! I saw some patrons eating platters with sandwiches, and the platters looked beautiful & delicious. 
Haven't tried the food yet, but it smelled out of this world. Stogie Joe's in on my to-do list.
2-29-2012
Went back to Stogie Joe's last  week for my birthday. GF and I ordered the mozzarella with tomato & basel appetizer. It was absolutely delicious. Slices of mozzarella with slices of tomato and chopped basel lightly drizzled with some type of vinaigrette.  What really stood out was that the tomatoes used were really flavorful. Not those crappy flavorless green tomatoes gassed to make them red. No, these tomatoes had taste. The food we had was good, and the place was nice with friendly staff and nice patrons. Was disappointed they don't make steak stromboli, but you can't have it all.I will be going here...a lot. What a great place. Small enough to feel cozy, and large enough to seperate dining from the bar. The menu has a lot of variety, so it was hard for me to narrow down what I wanted. I ended up going with mussels over linguine in a red sauce. It was delicious! Everything about it was great. The mussels were some of the best I have ever eaten, the sauce was just the right amount. My husband ordered a pizza, which is like cicilian, but a red top. It was so big, we had plenty to take home. It was not super thick or bready like most cicilians, it was the perfect conbination of bread, sauce and toppings. The bar is also very extensive and the bartenders were very attentive. I am so happy to have this new place in the neighborhood to frequent!The place is nice, if you forget that it only accepts cash and there is an ATM onsite. It was both convenient and annoying that the ATM was directly behind our table. 
The food was poor. This is the 2nd time we have tried the food here (last time was July 2012) and it was still flavorless. The ribs was poorly seasoned (if they were seasoned at all) and overcooked. The potato wedges were well cooked but how hard is it to prep large potato wedges? Not very hard. The waitress was pretty bad. Our friends had to go through about 4 beer selections to finally find a beer that was in stock. Even the beer that the waitress recommended because it was "definitely" available, was not available. 
Not coming back. This place stinks.went on recommendations of friends who loved it. so cute. great addition to the neighborhood. love the outside seating. had some drinks and a pizza with a friend. noel was or server. she was great. enthusiastic and helpful. the pizza was really good. the atmosphere was comfy. i love what is going on on passyunk ave. almost no reason to go into center city anymore. this hood is getting sexier by the minute.Sorry, but very disappointed. The location has improved over the years but Stogie's fell short on expectation as we could not wait to leave. Beer glasses dirty, signature ribs were bland but the worst part is the attitudes of the local patrons and service staff. Seems like they allow anybody with a big dog and body odor to barge in and sit wherever and whenever. We had a customer with a dog bother us while we were trying to eat trying to sit at our table and then rudely confront us when we said we did not want to move. Then manager came over and asked us to move...really...then waitress drpped the check on our table 20 seconds later to try and force us to leave. Place is a joke, never in my life treated so rudely. $100 for a couple drinks and so par food...never, never again. Run, don't walk past this wannabe city social spot.I woke up this morning, basking in the hot sun, in the middle of the sidewalk, wondering where all my cocktail bruises came from. Then I remembered how it all started. When my friend agreed to attend a cocktail event with me, we somehow ended up taking complete advantage of the open bar. One drink lead to seven and next thing I know, I'm singing karaoke to a bar packed with gay men. 
Turns out, that bar was Stogie Joe's and what I thought would be a low-key night out ended being a famous Tuesday jaunt. Despite how busy the bar was, I literally had no problem getting a drink. Stogie's is the perfect neighborhood spot if you're looking for South Philly Italians. It's definitely not a gay bar, but just gay for last night- like a lot of people I know.   
I didn't actually wake up on the sidewalk. Thanks.Stogie Joe's isn't bad at all.  We've found ourselves here a couple of times when meeting people to go somewhere else.  Pretty good beer list.  We typically don't stay long, and I've never stayed for food, but a good place to stop for a round. 
Prices aren't bad.  Some good deals for specials.Best corner pub in S-Phil. The meatball sandwich is out of this world, all you can eat crabs on Tuesday are huge, pizza is incredible and the beer is cold w great prices. Staff makes you feel like family.I've been there several times now, and the place just consistently has bad service.  
I ordered the shrimp ceasar for dinner.  It only had 3 pieces of shrimp on it!  My boyfriend ordered a sandwich and he got it about 10 minutes after I got my food.  So that wasn't good.  
Another time, they completely forgot to bring my boyfriend's meal for about a half hour after everyone else's food was out.  So as you can imagine, this is not his favorite place. 
At least they have a descent beer selection.Great food, atmosphere. Had the chicken cutlet and the stogi Stromboli. Both were fantastic!!!I had heard a lot of great things about stogie joe's so after a concert my friends and I trekked down to south Philly and were really impressed! The waiters were cool and friendly, the food was tasty (I shared a small pizza with a couple friends and tried the potato wedges), and best of all THEY HAD DRINK SPECIALS ON A SATURDAY NIGHT! I really enjoyed my time there and would recommend it to friends looking for a cool, relaxed night out in south Philly! Another plus is they have semi-outdoor seating.Got a sidewalk table on a beautiful Saturday night! A great place to chill and people watch. I ordered a chicken chicken cutlet sandwich with sharp provolone and marinara. The sandwich was as big as two sandwiches with a chunky sauce enhanced by fresh basil on the side. While I waited I literally started salivating over the smell of neighboring table's salad, so I added one to my order. Their house salad is a delicious blend of mixed lettuce with bell peppers, tomatoes, kalamata olives, Italian meats, and a house oil and vinegar that is simple and savory. My friend loved both her soup and mussels, but we were blown away by the price. Great food at fair prices with a fun atmosphere makes you want to return.Excellent spot, made it in here last week on a whim, Very pleasantly surprised. 
The Stromboli's are awesome and they have great salads big enough to share with the table. Prices are also very reasonable considering the size of most entrees they offer. 
I will make my way back!We go here for an occasional tomato pie- it's saucy and decent crust. The location on Passyunk has a nice indoor/outdoor patio and the service is great. No complaints here!Awful!! Worst place to be! Went out to this bar for the first time tonight, service was slow, server was EXTREMELY rude! Never coming back!This place is one of the places in south philly where you get a really diverse cross section of people...leopard-wearing snooki types, hipsters, old dudes, barflys...but that's what makes it so special. The food is amazing, particularly the roast pork sandwich, the pizza (!!!), mussels and the house salad. I'm dying to try the stromboli but must have someone around to share it with! Taking off one star because it's cash only. They do have an ATM, but come on...Stogie Joe's is a no frills, order your drink and shad ep' South Philadelphia bar right there on good ol' Passyunk. 
I went with my work crew and we drank, and talked, and drank some more, and talked some more. Our waitress could have been more engaged but, then again, this is Philly right? Order your drink shad 'ep!
Good times and will be back.Disclaimer: I've never actually eaten here and the only times I've been have been at the very end of the night.  
We usually end up here after having a great meal at a nearby restaurant and we're not quite ready to go home yet, but I always groan internally when it's suggested.  I put a smile on my face and go, though, because my friends all like it.  The inside is way, WAY too cramped and the club-like music hurts my eardrums so I tend to grab a drink and head outside to find a table to sit at.  They may be a "full bar" according to Yelp, but the only wine they have comes out of a jug.  Yes, one of those big glass gallon jugs of "top quality" wine.  I usually just chug it back and try my best to not let it touch my tongue. (And you may be thinking, "so just get a mixed drink", well unfortunately I have to continue drinking what I started the night with otherwise I get really sick)
In addition to the unbelievably loud, obnoxious music and cramped space indoors, there's always really old creepy guys at the bar.  One night, there was a guy who must have thought I was underage because he kept handing me his ID to give to the bartender so I'd be able to get a drink. When I firmly said no thank you for the third time, he continued to gawk at me while I ordered and paid.  I know that's not Stogie Joe's fault, but it just adds to my annoyance with the whole experience.
It seems like the positive reviews are all about the food so maybe if I can ever forget my feelings about 'late-night' Stogie Joe's, I'll make it over here for the food.If you never been or haven't tried the food , you really have to!!! Greatest pizza, salmon is delicious, pasta is fantastic. The ambiance is awesome. Everyone is amazing. The food is ALWAYS CONSISTENT. Never had one bad meal always left satisfiedI freaking love this place!! Probably the best food for the price in the area and they deliver. The pizza is amazing and the ribs are ridiculous. A half rack weighs a lb and the sauce delicious. I would reccomend this place to anyone.Im confused how this place has a decent rating..  I was only there for drinks, and they were lame.   My "classic" margarita was nothing but sour mix, I think they forgot the tequila both times.  We also ordered the old fashioned, was not good.. all that, and a waitress with a major attitude when we said we were here for drinks.  That was after standing around for ten minutes to see if we could just sit ourselves.   On top of that, cash only.. Really?  Your prices are not that low..  I can see if your drinks were a tad cheaper , but they are not..  I might try their food as people have said its good, but for the drinks and a new local bar for meto catch the game at, me thinks not.Got lunch here with my friends after walking down Passyunk to see what was open.  After looking at the menu we decided that we wanted pizza and wings.  They were both pretty okay, but I did think that $2 per topping on a large pizza was a little steep; however, I didn't mind paying a little extra, especially if it means supporting a local business. 
I did enjoy the thiness of the crust, and it was interesting to eat a pizza prepared upside down (cheese first, the sauce on top.)  I just feel like the sauce could've used a a little more flavor.
I would try Stogie Joe's again, but I will try something different on my next visit.While the ambience is full of strange juxtapositions -- a very up-to-date facade and signage followed by a dreary and unadorned interior, if you give this place a chance or two to impress you in terms of it's food and atmosphere, you will likely be back.  
If you're looking for the hipster vibe and craft brew beer list, you won't find it here.  I think this is refreshing, as nearly any bar within a certain distance of center city seems to have been overtaken by the craft beer movement, skinny jeans and tattooed bartenders.  In other words, while some would see the vibe lacking at Stogie Joe's, I find it to be unique and true to its roots. 
The stromboli here is truly amazing.  Probably the best i've ever had -- and i've had many.  I like to get the pepperoni stromboli with a side of sauteed spinach.  I have yet to try the pizza but it appears to be the favorite, and as other reviews here would attest, pretty damn good.  I would avoid other things on the menu (which is why I only give the four stars) because the sandwiches and dinner plates outside the realm of cheese and dough are between mediocre and average.  
Another thing keeping this from five stars is the cash-only policy.  Given the popularity and recent facade renovation, is seems odd.Pizza is always great. We had their ribs and they were fantastic! So juicy and the meat fell off the bone. Wings are good too. They don't accept cards which was a bit of bummer but overall great food and a bucket of Miller High Life made the night. Service is a bit slow and a little rude - but hey it's passyunk ave so expect that....This place is out of control! If you are looking to have a meal? You will be repulsed at the atmosphere and the people in there. We witnessed a couple yesterday at table in the middle of the restaurant making a spectacle of themselves. She had her shoes off and the ( I can't call him a man ) she was with was rubbing her feet, applying salt, and sucking her toes. They were with a large group. I tossed my cookies. My fiancé had his arm slammed by the kitchen door several times with NO apology from the staff as he kept quiet. I than, got my already broken fingers jammed into my seat as customers lined up behind me for the restroom. I saw stars. At this point, I lost it and demanded a manager. I was told, " there is no manager on duty." How the hell does an establishment NOT have a "manager" on duty. I refused to pay the bill. They made a mockery and did not treat us properly. We were not the only customers appalled.  I will never step foot in that establishment! Especially, one that allows chaos and employees to be out of line and "not" have a "manager" on duty. I recommend everyone who works hard for their money to do the same.I see that this place gets stellar reviews so I decided to check it out, being one of the few bars on Passyunk I have yet to experience.  I have to say I won't be wasting my money here again.
First off, they are cash-only.  I didn't see any signs that they were cash only and didn't notice any signs after discovering they are cash only.  They have an ATM, but it put my date and I in a bit of a spot since neither of us were expecting it.  It's 2012.  Get the Square.
All of the waitresses looked the exact same and our's seemed very rushy every time she came to the table and got huffy when we weren't ready.  I wasn't overly impressed with their beer selection and I wasn't clear on what was drafts or not and ended up with a canned beer.
I also wasn't overly impressed with the menu or the price of it.  I really wanted fries with my meatball sub but wasn't about to pay for them....perhaps I'm old fashioned but I just feel like for the price, my sandwich should come with fries.  Boyfriend got the spaghetti and was kind of put off that he had to purchase meatballs a-la-carte for it.  Neither meal was very impressive at all.
I was also put off by the fact that they were letting children in at such a late time.  A family of about 8 came in with 2 kids and were standing in my personal space as we were sitting at a two-top.  The whole family felt the need to crowd around the little gambling game thing at the table next to us as they let their kids play it.  That's not really the bar's fault, but it added to my crankiness of the waitress and the lackluster food.
Considering how many amazing spots I have found on Passyunk Ave, I won't be back to this one.  It takes a lot for me to be this unimpressed with a place.Cash Only...but they have an ATM on-site.  Having said that...I really like this place.  We recently moved into the South Philly area... and I found this place when I was walking home after a pedicure.  Brought the BF back for late lunch/drinks.  It was pretty good food...and decent beer selection.  As long as he gets Stella on draft...he's happy! I got the mussels, with the lemon and white bean.  This was very good.  He got the pizza one time..and the burger another.  All pretty good.  I really like the atmosphere, and the garage door that raises when the weather is nice.  Good spot for grabbing a drink...and a bite!It was a fun bar with good food at a reasonable price. Funky decor, hipster vibe but they were still nice to me! In the heart of Passyunk Ave. with so many great choices it's hard for me to end up here but I do and I always enjoy myself. Stay away from the Pizza but the sandwiches are Rock solid Philly style.Awesome pizza, great people!! Ribs fall off the bone!! Great place to go with a group of friends!! Reasonably priced!!I'm looking forward to coming back The pizza was excellent our sides were amazing...The service was OKGreat pizza, great wings. $2 High Life. Great South Philly neighborhood spot. Not "overrun" with any particular type of people, just a great place that many people are starting to notice and many will never bother to try.
The wings are probably my favorite in the city, and I've heard others say the same about the tomato pie, which I also think is excellent. The Caesar Salad, though simple, is well loved and comes in a very generous portion. Plenty to split several ways.
The service is always friendly. Sports on the TV. Very relaxed atmosphere. Outside seating is a nice touch. Bucket of 6 High Lifes for $10.
Nothing really bad to say about this place.Very much a South Philly neighborhood spot for locals to go - I used to frequent this place almost once a week for the amazing pizza, meatballs, and broccoli rabe. However, over the past year I have felt that the quality of food has declined pretty substantially. They must have cut costs in the ingredient department or something because the pizza is now chewy and somewhat bland (a major surprise to me considering that is their staple item). The meatballs are still decent, but something just doesn't feel right about them anymore. 
Say what you will about the food, but you can't beat the prices. Cheap booze, cheap food, and a fun atmosphere is what this place has going for it. The food, not so much anymore :/ 
I used to love this place, now I feel like it's only mediocre. I would love to give this 5 stars but I just don't feel that way anymore. I look forward to when Stogie Joe's will be getting back to their original, quality food, roots!Stogie's is the place to go if your looking for good food, fun and wonderful friends!!
Try the meatball sandwich it's to die for..Just got back from a great time at Stogie Joe's.  It was our first time there and we plan on going back very soon.  SJ's has a great atmosphere with a great vibe and a pleasant crowd of people.  From other reviews we read it sounds like it can get pretty crowded so for our first visit we decided on an early Sun afternoon.  We were seated and waited on promptly, our server was very friendly.  There was a guy singing great Sinatra & other Big Band Swing Classics which they apparently do every Sun, and made the visit all that much more enjoyable.  On to the most important part the food.  It was GREAT!  From other reviews we read it sounded like we had to try the pizza and Stromboli on our first visit but after having these items I can't wait to try more that they have to offer.  Our group had the clams casino, sorry I didn't personally try but I heard no complaints from those who ate them.  I had the house salad instead which was generous and had some phenomenal sharp parm on it with a great dressing.  We also shared a portion of the BBQ sweet sausage.  I am usually not a sausage fan but the BBQ sauce killed it for me.  It was a perfect sauce.  I couldn't help dipping my Stromboli in it a few times as well.  The boys shared a pepperoni sausage pizza which they couldn't stop raving about.  According to my husband he could eat it every day (even though I make him homemade pizza every Friday night.... he may be in a little trouble over that comment) so apparently this pizza was amazing.  I chowed down on the Stogie Joe's Stromboli which was out of this world.  It had a perfect blend of Italian meats and cheeses without being overbearing and gross.  A lot of Strombolis are way too packed with cheese making greasy and gooey this was literally the perfect amount of fillings and an amazing combination of flavors.  I would highly recommend checking this place out again and again. I am definitely going to go for something BBQ'ed next time just based on the sauce I had on the appetizer.I don't drink here, I just order from here, and the Stogie Joe's strombolis, the pizza, and everything else is good as well.Stromboli awesome!  Meatball good. Burger looked good.  Service at bar was fast..  Nice ambiance.  Beer selection limited....Just around the block from my house. Had my pup with me and was looking for outdoor seating. Took a chance and was surprised with their tasty linguini marinara. Had a Margarita on rocks it served its purpose. I can't comment on their beer list.
Definitely would return because I have to try their pizza; hear it is delicious.I walked in later in the evening for a beer and some dinner. I started with a fresh cold beer an the bartender recommended a great deal of items off the menu , I loved my meatball sandwich that he praised as being one of the best in the city. My only fall back is that bartender could of been more attentive and friendly with it being a slow Tuesday night. Food looks like it's definitely they're money maker.can't go wrong eating here. it's a simple americanized menu. big portions. good flavors and quick service !Great place...delicious food!! Friday nite was our first time at Stogie Joe's Tavern and we can't wait to return!  We are from South Philly, heard lots of good things about the place, and now it will be one of our favorites. We started with wings and the hummus platter as appetizers..each was delicious. Our entrees consisted of  bar-b-que ribs and they were crispy yet so tender and falling off the bones, mussels (awesome), and spaghetti and crab gravy! The prices are great and the service we received was teriffic!I will forever have dreams about the Stogie Joe's square pizza.  My favorite pizza in the city.  Lock it in. 
It's definitely a locals place most nights, especially on the weekend.  If you aren't of the Italian decent on a Friday or Saturday night, you might feel a bit out of place, but if you can get past that(and the sometimes cheesy DJ music) , the food is fantastic.
The food.  The square pizza.  Life altering.  The sauce, so sweet.  The crust.  Fantastic.
The wings are in my top 10 wings.  I'm not a big wings guy in general, but I could kill a whole plate of these.
My other go-to is the meatball parm sandwich with sharp provolone.  Great meatballs.  Excellent cheese.
While I haven't ventured outside of these items much, many of my friends have gone with the chicken parm platter, the roast pork, or the all you can eat crabs on Tuesdays.  I haven't heard a complaint about anything.
Pretty good beer list.  Service is decent.  A few sassy servers, but that's ok, the food speaks for itself.Went here for the first time last night with a small group with the intention of just having a couple beers as we were bar hopping down Passyunk. The people we met up with had already been to two other places and so we decided to grab a table and order some apps so they could have some of the alcohol soaked up before we moved on.
Reading through the other reviews we clearly ordered the wrong things. We should have ordered the pizza and Stromboli and maybe some mussels. When we asked our server for a suggestion she said to get the salad. I love salad but it isn't what I would have with a cold beer on a hot Saturday night at 9:30. 
We ordered the potato wedges and thought it had to be a joke. Clearly there is a creative person in the kitchen wasting their talent - wish I had thought to snap a pic - so in your mind picture this ...on a huge white plate in the center lay 3 wedges in a horizontal row - then 2 wedges lay on top in a vertical row - then 1 wedge is on top horizontally - completing this masterpiece is a small plastic cup of what I believe was watery ranch dressing. There were five of us looking at this plate and trying not to crack up as we actually asked for an additional order of the Lincoln log potatoes. Surely these wedges should have been outstanding in flavor given the pride with which they were served. Ah, nope! 
Also ordered were the wings - these were good - spicy sauce and meaty. 
The service was good and the atmosphere fun. I can see why this neighborhood place has good reviews and why I gave it 3 stars. I don't want to be negative as we now have a great memory of Lincoln Logs. Maybe if we ever find ourselves here again we'll order the salad and the pizza.I came into Stogie Joe's for the first time during restaurant week. The amount of food I recieved for the price was incredible. Sam Stan and Rob were beyond accommodating. This is the perfect place to just chill in a comfortable environment that makes you feel like you're in your own living room with a group of friends instead of at a bar with strangers!I consider myself an Italian food snob. With a 92 year old grandmother who does nothing but cook, restaurants rarely get better than what I get at home. Stogie Joes food is simply fantastic, I've eaten most of what is on the menu and I'm always impressed at the consistency of how delicious everything is. Their pizza is my favorite of all time with the most perfectly crisp square crust you'll ever come across. I always try at least one of the additions that are on the menu that day, and I'm ALWAYS blown away. Nothing too fancy just good authentic non-pretentious Italian food. It's grandmoms favorite place too, we recommend it to everybody!Great food and amazing service. I ordered from grub hub and the order was never received. Grub hub refunded me and stogie joes called to apologize and offered my boyfriend a free meal on them.I didn't really know what to expect when choosing to eat here.  I really just wanted a place close to me that had outdoor seating and a bar, lol.  I saw some good reviews on Yelp and decided to give it a go. Delicious! I had the BBQ ribs and they were fall~off~the~bone tender. Better than I had in Austin, Texas back in July.  The beer/shot special was just want I was looking for that night, too! 
I went with a friend on a Tuesday night.  It had a decent number of patrons but there was still seating available.  Apparently it was karaoke night. The good thing is that they can close the bar area off from the restaurant section.  It was a great experience. Yummy food, good beer selection, delicious cheesecake, AND I got to watch the Phillies game.  I will be back!Good rate on specials but after one round of drinks and some potato wedges our waitress left and didn't appear again for 20+ minutes-- we hailed another waitress to find her, but still no sign of her. Finally we left the cash payment and tip on the table and left, but as we were getting into our car two blocks away she caught up to us asking for the money. We told her we left it on the table and she left without apologizing. Needless to say not great service.Great place to have lunch or dinner. Pizza is good and sandwiches too.  Nice place to get drinks and hang out.Great "change of pace" pizza.  Cheap, square, not greasy, sauce on top, nice char on the crust, very south Philly vibe.  Nothing fancy, but everyone's freindly.  It's a neighborhood bar with killer pizza!
I love that sauce.  Not sure if there's anything so different about it or why I like it so much...but I do!Not sure how this place has a rating of four stars. i would NEVER eat here again. Grilled sausage sandwich - burnt. Cibatta roll it served on - burnt. Chicken in the ceasar salad - burnt. Flies were swarming around us as we ate (big ones, green ones). Waitress took forever to come back. Saw we didn't eat any of our food. Didn't offer to fix and we were so over it we didn't even want to complain. Don't eat here.It's all about the pizza here, which is amazing, get it with pepperoni. It's even great reheated, which i always thought wasn't possible, so i love having leftovers.
All but one time, the service was just bad. I should just do takeout from now on. Most of them are unattentive, and pass by your table without making sure you're good. I asked the guy for another beer, and he totally forgot and just gave us the check. Super annoying.The atmosphere, the service, the potato wedges and salads are 5 stars.
The pizza is so lackluster it bumps the Stogie star average to a mere 3.
The tomato pie has an Ellio's frozen pizza like crust layered with mozerella of the same consistency and topped with red sauce that should be called salt sauce
I'll still keep going to and ordering from Stogie's because I like the rest so very much.  But I am not getting that pizza.we descended, en masse, to celebrate my best pal's day of birth. when i say en masse, i'm not screwing around....there were, at peak, around 15 of us.
the waitresses kept their cool, kept us in drinks, and delivered about million food orders fabulously and with courtesy!! nice, right? seriously...it was awesome. i must add, this was a saturday night, during dinner when we rolled in. to get such great treatment, service, etc during that time tells you how rad this joint is.
the food was pretty damn good. everyone got different dishes, and we passed them around. standouts were the mussels (both a nicely spicy red, and a lovely white), the Santucci's style square pie, a damnably large and tasty chicken caesar salad, and i was told that the sausage was quite fine as well.
shit. the only drawback? probably the weirdest damn jukebox i've come across in a long while.
i want to go back, with just the fam, for a more sedate dining experience. the crux? i'll def be back!I probably never would have tried Stogie Joe's on my own. I don't know why. I walked past it plenty of hungry times. It took my brother moving around the corner and giving the pizza a try one night. He called me to let me know that I have been missing things. He told me that I needed to see about this pizza. All we do is talk about food, I tell you. Recipes, restaurants, food conversations constantly... Hmm..if only there were an outlet for these kind of ramblings. 
So anyway, as you might expect, I'm not one to turn down a pizza invitation. 
That being said, I really can be an unbearable snoot if a pie or a slice is not to my liking. I know I can be a jerk about my thin, crispy crust NY style preferences; these kind of demands. 
Stogie Joe's pizza meets none of my usual criteria and yet I like it. I totally like it. Tasty business is that square crust with crunch, topped with cheese, then sauce on top. As the sauce bakes unblanketed, it becomes even more tomatoey-concentrated. It's just good eatin.
This review is based on take out pizzas. I've only ever had a beer brand beer or two at the bar as I waited.  Friendly service! I've never eaten in the restaurant itself, but it looks cozy by the fire in the Winter and it looks breezy along Passyunk in the warmer months. I wouldn't turn down a pizza invitation to Stogie Joes. 
In other news, I wouldn't turn down a stromboli invitation to Stogie Joe's either.Love the fruit flies in the drinks. I get protein and my drink on. F' ing joke. All the little fat girls and skanks ughFood was okay but the service was terrible.  They must hire rocks with tits.  All I wanted was a side of barbeque sauce for barbeque ribs.  The food was average.  It was your normal American pub food which you could find at most other bars.Great pizza here! Square pizza with sauce on top, but man it disappears fast when you go with a group! 
Interesting recommendation from me would be the sausage bites for an app. I got them once and always seem to order them when I go back. They have a sweet sauce to go with them, or more of a spicy tangy sauce. You have the option of both. 
There's a bar and TVs. Good place for a pizza, wings, sports if that's what you're looking for.
Cash only!I love the Stromboli! Finally someone gets it. It's paper thin, cooked to perfection. The delivery guys are great and so are the bartenders. I've dined in and ordered delivery a bunch. The other day I ordered from Grub Hub and it took forever. I called and the guy who answered the phone was so nice and offered to comp my meal. I politely declined. He was thankful for the call and offered to make it right. 
Kudos for excellent customer service!Went here for lunch.
1) It's cash only come on its 2012 figure it out and, no, trying to tell me to use your ATM so I can pay an additional fee to get cash is unacceptable.
2) It is surprisingly expensive for the food and service provided.
3) They nickel and dime/price gouge. I ordered a sandwich and anything other than just the meat cost a dollar extra per topping. The sandwich was not very big and already cost $7.50 to start.
4) They only have five beers on draft and three of them are poor quality Miller-esque beers another is guinness. I expect more from anything calling itself a tavern.
5) My total for a crappy sandwich, a light beer, and a small tomato pizza was $30 in cash.
6) it almost seemed like it was the waitresses job to tell me everything they couldn't do or they didn't have which was upsetting. I was almost inclined to ask for a list of the things the restaurant did offer so I didn't have to keep guessing.
The establishment itself is pretty cool but everything beyond that was poorly executed which was unfortunate considering with some tweaks could be an awesome place. I wouldn't write this place off and would like to see improvements but I did leave here upset.Stogie Joes is a solid stand by for beer, pizza, and casual grub. Their upside down pizza is a treat. Everything I've ever eaten there has been tasty, fresh, and well prepared.  Service is usually middling to A-ok.
The main room with the bar and video games is very casual if a bit loud at times but good for kids. The side room with the fireplace is quite classy but not as good for immense groups.
On weekeend nights the diversity of the crowd makes you glad you live in a neighborhood. Unlike some other local places filled with one or two flavors of people.
I don't eat here as often as I should partly because their vegetarian options are a lil lacking and many of my pals are veg heads.This is one of the loudest restaurants I've ever been to.
I'm tempted to give them 2 stars, but the food is pretty good.  The pizza is out of this world delicious, which is pretty much the only reason I keep going back.  This place is cash only and there is a ATM inside.  If you plan to drink, stick to bottled beer or whatever wine they have.  
My boyfriend and I been here maybe 5 times and two of those times we ordered mixed drinks from the bar... and they were horrible.  I can pretty much tolerate drinking anything, but I actually had to return my cocktail it was so bad. (I think only three times in my life have I returned something to the kitchen/bar just to provide perspective.)  I've even ordered draft beer here that tasted flat (as if the keg just kicked).  When I talked the waitress about it she gave me attitude and still charged me for the drink despite that I returned it. Not cool.
My boyfriend and I have been here during the week, on Saturday afternoons and Sunday nights.  The service is always inattentive and surly. 
One time on a Sunday we went for dinner and after taking our order our waitress stepped outside to smoke for about 20 minutes.  Eventually someone from the kitchen brought our food out and asked where our waitress was.  We told him we didn't know. Before diving into our pizza, we realized we needed silverware.  As our waitress was no where to be found (still), my boyfriend went into the kitchen to ask for cutlery. That's the type of service you can expect. 
Other times we've been seated and ignored.  
Really, if it wasn't for the pizza and the occasionally good dish of broccoli rabe we wouldn't return. The service is poor and everyone seems to have an attitude for no reason on at all.  This restaurant could have something great if they just cared a little bit more.Everything we got here was totally bangin!  Aawesome pizza, great sandwiches, salads, mussels and clams.  Sit in the window and people watch on Passy.  70+ year old waiter was THE MAN.  Try this place out, will not disappoint.You only need to know one thing about this place: they have really, really good upside-down pizza!!  
We get it for take-out so I know nothing else about this place, their other food, or the service, nor do I need to!  "One upside-down pizza for take-out, please."  I'm set.What's not to love about this place!  Great food, great service, great drink and beer list, in a great location!  My group of six enjoyed it all. The pizza, mussels, and meatballs were all delicious.  We will be back!Great music and food tonight. Mussels in white sauce with loaves of bread to sop up the goodness. And "Union Back" performing. Definitely a great evening! The only glitch was the waitress bringing my change from a large bill and trimming a couple of bucks off before I had a chance to figure the tip. I also didn't get a receipt. No biggy. I planned ahead, but it felt a little creepy.Stogie's has great pizza and their potato wedges are delicious. It's cash only and the ATM is expensive to use, but they do give you a free beer for using it, which is nice. We used to live directly across the street, so I can testify that they have some surreal parties that make for a weird late night crowd, but it's a good place to stop in for a quick bite.The overall experince was fine while we were there. We sat outside and although I felt like I was eating in the middle if the owners family reunion (which I think I was) it was a nice enough time. The caesar salad was good, family sized portion. The meatball sandwich, which I'd read about, was fine...personally I'd take Wawa's over this one...sorry...true. The real bummer came later that night when I got sick. Hard to imagine it being anything else...my stomach was less of a fan than I...I found this place out a few months ago and it's the absolute best pizza ever. The people who work there are friendly and helpful. Delivery is always great on time. The only downside is that it's cash online, but it's worth it!It's your basic neighborhood bar with decent food. The bathroom could use a little work but its an ok place. Bartenders are always good. You could actually stop in and eat during the day as a small menu restaurant. If your on the Passyunk trail I would check this place out.The food was fast and hot. But they didn't even know their own menu. Little confusing on their menu. But all and all the place was ok. Now I don't drink so I wasn't in the bar area. So I don't have a comment on that area. Would I eat here again. I'm going to have to say no.A couple of friends and I went to Stogie Joe's because we heard they had really good pizza. It was incredible. The flavor was delicious and the crust was perfectly cooked. I was surprised to see the sauce on top of the cheese, but this ended up being my favorite aspect of the pizza. 
The bar area where we were seated was quite loud. There was a man singing with a very large speaker. There were many people dancing having a good time. It was a fun vibe. It was also very crowded for a Sunday afternoon/evening time. We did get a table fairly quickly though.great food, lot's of fun, love this place. Service is awesome. Pizza is outstanding and so is the pork sandwich . Have never had a bad meal here and have been here several times. You will have an awesome time here. Oh one thing parking a bit tight. Worth driving around the block for a few times till a spot opens up.food is sooooooo good. if it wouldn't turn me into a diabetic elephant i'd eat it every day. not gonna tell you what to order cause i want you to explore, my young padawans. may the sausage bites be with you.
gets kinda crowded some nights, to the point where it's tough to find a spot, but that's pretty much it. prices are good and management is always around and friendly.My home away from home. This by far has remained my number one place to eat alone, with friends...and even large gatherings. The food, staff, atmosphere is fantastic. This place opening around the time I bought here was heaven sent.I really wanted to like this place.
It's really too bad that it turned out to be exactly what I expected it was going to be. If you like slow service, getting sideways looks from regulars, and choosing from Bud, Miller, or Coors on draft, you'll love Stogie Joe's. 
I would have given them one, but they earned another with their crazy ass garage-door-enclosed patio.Great place, great people nice place to relax and hang out with friends.  Try the pizzas and mussels they are fantastic. The staff is very friendly and attentive.Stogie Joe's is not only my favorite bar in South Philly.  After my own living room, it may be my favorite place to be in all of South Philly.  
It's a comfortable neighborhood joint, with world class bar food.  I've never eaten anything that wasn't fantastic.  The pizza, "Sanucci's sauce on top style", is excellent.  I suggest asking for the roaches, which are hot peppers soaked in olive oil.  They're a perfect accent to the pie. The meatball sandwich is homemade and worthy of the praise it's received in the press.  The Stogie Joe stromboli is out of this world.  There are plenty of beer choices and they are cheap.  I prefer a High Life nip...  
The service is friendly and familiar, like you're one of the family...  
I love Stogie Joe's Tavern.I know of this place because the company I work for hosts Quizzo there Monday nights. #InTheMixEntertainment Having to cover a shift one night, I hosted a game there myself, and boy was I in for a surprise. The place was packed with trivia fanatics young and old racking their brains to win the very generous $100 cash 1st prize...not to mention the $50 and $25 gift certificates for second and third place. 
Anyway, as I was hosting the game I couldn't help notice how good the food looked. The pizzas looked delicious and the entrees were enormous. Pastas, salads, seafood, etc...my mouth was watering. They also have a couple really good craft beers on tap along with the typical domestics. They have a side dining room that can be closed off from the noise with an open wall which is great if you want a little fresh air along with actual outdoor seating on the sidewalk. 
Needless to say, the night was a lot of fun and very spirited for a Monday. I would definitely recommend coming here when I'm in East Passyunk.Always have the best experience at Stogie Joe's. The stromboli is the best in the city, and world. The mussels are on par with, maybe even better than Monk's; so damn good. And the bartender and staff are always cool as hell. 
It's a cool neighborhood place.I had a need to be in the area yesterday and Stogie Joe's was on my list of bars to crawl. Am I glad I did.  Although I'm from the burbs I much prefer a classic South Philly bar to the sanitized joints often found on the mainline. 
So I'm sitting at the bar taking in the atmosphere, sipping a drink and listing to Zeppelin on the juke box.  The guy next to me orders the quickly becoming legendary Stogie Joe Stromboli.  I've listened to many people rave about this baby so I was pleased that I would see one.  When it arrived it smelled and looked wonderful. When I said as much to my neighbor he quickly obtained another plate and sawed me off a chunk.  It tasted as good as it smelled.  Stromboli's can be deceptively tricky to make well.  If you get the proportions wrong they turn into a gooey mess.  This one had just the right amount of spicy cheese and excellent Italian meats.  The dough was the perfect thickness.  It was easy to see why it gets all the raves.
So I enjoyed the atmosphere and loved the food.  I've bookmarked this place to visit again.Whenever we have the time to venture into the city, Stogie Joe's is our go-to place. We've never had a bad meal, service is always on point and the owner always makes time to say hello!! We've had the stromboli, pizza, sausage bites, potato wedges and the roast pork sandwich. Never have a problem with service, everyone is so nice. They make their own bread so it's nothing like what you get at those other places. They were also just awarded #33 for best pizza in the country! Go Stogie Joe's!!!Just went in for a pitcher after eating at Marra's.  It's a cozy, little neighborhood pub with 30-40ish South Philly Italians having a good time at the bar and in the dining room area with the fireplace.  On a rainy Friday after Christmas there was plenty of space.  A typical tap selection with mostly big domestics.  They did have Yards Pale ale on tap.  A terrible song came on the jukebox and we decided to head elsewhere for better beer.  However, I would consider coming back for drinks and to try the food.The Pizza is great as everyone has said. The house salad is also really good. Some of the other things i have tried have been hit or miss but all in all a great place.As a pizza fanatic, my buddy Antonio has been trumpeting the pies from Stogie Joes as a must try for so long that I had to make it happen.
This past Thursday the stars lined up and Stogies was a go. 
I arrived there around 5:30 and picked the bar area to sit in as opposed to the garage. Our waitress Natalie was excellent.
If you are going to eat pizza, you have to drink beer and there are roughly 10 tap choices. Went with an old reliable Stella. 
We ordered the house salad, the plain pie and the Stromboli.
The house salad was delicious, reminiscent of my Italian grandmothers, but ridiculously large for two people. It could easily feed four. Especially loved the dressing.
The Stromboli was good. Pepperoni and cheese rolled together in layers as opposed to being stuffed into a shell. 
The pizza? It was good. I call it Trenton style as the sauce is on top of the cheese. The crust was thin and crispy as should be expected when it's cooked in a pan. The sauce was excellent and there was enough gooey cheese. I liked it but wouldn't enter it in a BEST OF PHILLY discussion. Pizza in this style is far better from Delco's Gaetanos, Trenton area's De Lorenzo's and Philly's SliCe and Gennaros.
I knew going in that this was a cash only spot. Even the venerable Saloon has woken up to modern times and offered credit. The $2.50 surcharge to use the bar ATM is ridiculous.  
Joe Beddia gets a pass on the cash only because his pizza IS in that BEST OF PHILLY discussion with SLiCe, Pizza Brain, Nomad, Vetri, Gennaros.I'm a HUGE fan of chicken parm and when I find it, I never want to let it go.  Stogie Joe's chicken parm is P-E-R-F-E-C-T!  I even enjoyed the fact that I didn't have to eat it with pasta - I got it with sautéed spinach.  The outdoor dining was perfect, and the waiter didn't mind that we sat there for 4 hours (calm down angry yelpers - it was a slow Wednesday night, and I made sure we tipped well) I'll be back Stogie - thanks for a great night!Pretty great local spot. Mussels are really on point and the pizza is great. They do seasonal crab night Tuesday and it's awesome. I've been here on Monday for quizzo which is fun. It looks like a dive but it's very clean. It's has a very South Philly feel and they do Sinatra Sunday's so there is something going on everyday. No frills, cash only. Wouldn't be a very good date spot but very good service.Best food and neighborhood bar. My favorite is the salad, pizza and spinach Stromboli. My parents love the mussels too. The waitstaff are like family and the service is amazing.Cash only... you've got to be kidding me. This place does pretty high volume- they really ought to offer the option for credit. Some food is excellent (stromboli, wings) while others are decent. The atmosphere is odd and the staff is not exceptionally friendly. You can tell it is a family establishment. I regrettably spent a lot of time and money here a couple years ago during Quizzo nights.I came by Stogie Joe's on a Tuesday afternoon recently, and found it to be a really great local scene. 
Most of the guests were older local Italians who have lived in the area for ages, and the food appears to be quite authentic Italian with a modern twist to the whole scene. We ordered a stromboli and split it three ways which was enough for a good snack for all -- and complimented this with $3 (strong) margaritas and $2 PBR cans! Don't worry, there's a pretty solid beer list of craft brews, too. 
The one drawback was the seemingly different service. We actually didn't receive any small plates or silverware for the strombli, so just used our fingers and napkins to split it up. We had to ask for water refills and a couple other small things, but overall, the place was well run and pretty busy for the time of day we visited!
I'm sure I'll return for another visit in the near future.This is a South Philly local bar. They have Sinatra Sundays and very good beer specials. We were able to get a summer shandy bucket of 5 variety beers for only $20. Stogie Joes makes fresh dough for their pizza which is delicious. They also have very good wings with the option of baked or fired and has an easy going dining experience. Stogie Joes also delivers and when we ordered during a snowstorm, they were able to come relatively quickly.we sat next to the fire place one night and it was cute and cozy. our server was an older woman who was kind of forgetful .. never did get those mussels we ordered, unfortunately. the food was simple but good slightly high prices but ehStopped in on Sunday afternoon to listen to the Sinatra music.  Loved the place.  The ambiance was so very neighborhoody, yes I know that's not a word but really loved the neighborhood vibe.  We ordered the piorgies which were out of this world, followed by a pizza which was to die for.  Yummy.  Also had the mussels with cannelloni beans.  So very very good.  Nice big mussels and a very good broth.  We will definitely go back and I actually can't wait.  Cash only so be warned.Stogie Joe's is one of the only places on the Avenue to grab excellent food in a casual atmosphere where the game is on and other people are actually paying attention. 
Despite the recent addition of some pizzas and pulled pork loaded fries (both looked delicious), I stuck with my go-to Stogie Joe's Stromboli for dinner, which I'm ashamed to say was large enough for two even though I finished the whole thing. Definitely need to head back for pizza or a roast pork sandwich and more $2 Rolling Rocks soon.Food is excellent but they don't accept credit cards which is an inconvenience that stops me from ordering sometimes. Also, Online ordering shows catering only.Three blocks south of the POPE was another stop for us during Beer Week.  The special beer was an ice-filled 5 bottle bucket of Southern Tier beers for the low low price of $15.  The best bargain on Passyunk this Wednesday night.
Natalie our server was very attentive and helpful.  She also help make our food decisions easy.  The Stogie Joe's house salad was so big it was enough for the table to share, chock-full of goodies such as salami, provolone, the real good black olives, and simply dressed with the oil and vinegar which tastes take me back to the days my Grandmother (Italian through and through) made us dinner on Sunday nights many many years ago.  Delicious!!
The ravioli special this evening was very very good with spinach, sun-dried tomatoes, herbs, etc.  The square pizza had a nice crisp crust and was as good as it gets in South Philly.
I was very pleased, and look forward to a return visit.Ate in once and ordered delivery tonight.  Pleasantly surprised by the pizza.  All ingredients taste good, requested extra sauce and the pizza arrived with a great portion. 
Ordered via grubhub and it arrived in a reasonable time frame however only reason i guve four stars versus five is the pizza arrived almost cold.  Kind of disappointed the pizza wasn't hotter.
Restaurant itself is a nice, non-pretentious setting with a good selection of choices.  Service is attentive and the beer list is solid.One of my friends said that Stogie Joe's was a place that didn't do fancy bar food, but it did the basics really well, and I completely agree. It was nice outside, and we were able to snag an outside table. We both ordered drinks, and surveyed the menu. I decided to order the crab gravy, and my boyfriend decided to get the roast pork sandwich with sharp provolone and broccoli rabe on the side. The crab gravy was perfectly portioned and flavored well. I had never had crab gravy before, but I would certainly order it again. The roast pork sandwich, according to my boyfriend, was good as well. I tried a bite, and I would consider ordering it when we go back. Yes, it is cash only, and yes, the menu isn't fancy, but it is the perfect mix between a bar and a South Philly Italian restaurant. The next time we're craving a drink and some gravy, we will definitely be back.Great place to gather with friends friends, good service, your typical comfort food enjoyed the ribsThis place was fine. The food was actually better than I anticipated, and is closer to a 4. We had the caesar salad, ribs, meatball sandwich, & BBQ chicken. The meatballs were the shining star of the meal. The caesar salad was just lettuce with dressing and croutons, but it was good. I got the ribs dry, but I suggest getting the BBQ sauce. It's more like a hot sauce/vinegar taste, not that gross sweet brown sauce junk. Their bartender that night was not especially talented or knowledgable, so I recommend sticking with the beer specials. The table service is so-so.The pizza we got was delicious but only after we stood at the front for a couple minutes and watched the hostess chat in the back and not noticed we needed to be seated. Other than that, drinks were good as well.Love it. The small pizza was way too much for 1, but I managed. The pepperoni quality is no good so don't add it to your pizza. Make sure you have cash or pay the piper at the onsite ATM machine. Not a big deal. The service was great. I'll be backI go here pretty frequently because I love the food but the service is HORRENDOUS!!!! Just absolutely horrific! 
I eat-in and get take-out here and when I do take out I get sideways glares from both staff and regulars. I watch as several employees look at me and walk away and wait 10-15 minutes before I have to approach someone about my order. I will say that they are friendly once I do force someone to acknowledge me. 
The last time I did eat-in there, I waited a 1/2 hour before someone brought menus, another 20 minutes before someone brought water and then after waiting another 20 minutes for someone to take our order we just put our order in at the bar.  
They get stars for having good pizza but negative points on the service. If the food wasn't so good and so affordable I would never step foot near this place again.Food is always very good love the wings and the option to get them baked stromboli is awesome and $2 rolling rocks $3 margaritas can't go wrong with that,enjoyThe best bar/pub/restaurant for a great price!!   All are welcome to this Italian neighborhood favorite!!!! Superior service and fantastic food!! If the owner is there you will feel like one of the family and if not the bartenders and waiters/waitresses sure come close!!! Love this place!!!If I were to give them a rating based solely on their pizza, they would get 6 stars.  Maybe 7... yes, definitely 7 stars.
Stogie Joe's is our go-to pizzeria in the neighborhood.  I grew up at the Jersey Shore and was always partial to NY style thin crust pizza.  But I've lived in the Philadelphia area for 12 years now and tomato pie (square pizza with moderately think crust and sauce on top of cheese) has really grown on me.  Especially Stogie Joe's version of this Philly classic.
But when looking at the restaurant as a whole, I have to drop it down a star.  The other food offerings I've tried are just OK, the service is so-so, and the space itself is somewhat uncomfortable (try to sit in the room with the garage door if you can).  The one upside of dining in is that they have a decently priced, good beer selection (I had a Mad Elf in February... February!)  Also, they seem to have a pretty lively late-night scene with DJs and live music (disclaimer:  its more middle-aged Italian-American lifers, rather than twenty-something tattooed hipster transplants...).  I've been here with groups and it's been a good time.LOVE Stogie Joes. Great neighborhood bar, reasonably priced. The pizza is outta sight and the spinach stromboli is perfection. Good, casual dining.The Stromboli was amazing! I just moved into the neighborhood, so I decided to explore some of the local places to eat when I stumbled upon Stogie Joe's. I had a $3 (strong)margarita, and a spinach Stromboli, and suddenly I was in heaven. I'm not sure when I last had a Stromboli that tasted so good.
The bartenders and waiters were older gentlemen that acted like they've been working here for a long time. They had a tough exterior and would probably come across as rude if you were from anywhere else, but they were on the ball. We never had to wait long to get refills or another order. I even managed to get one of the guys to crack a smile--even if it was only for a split second. I left feeling that I've been to a great, authentic South Philadelphia bar and restaurant.I was very disappointed with the take out I received last night. I ordered my burger medium rare and it was well done. The burgers "come with potato wedges" and they gave me 2 potato wedges (normal size, not even large ones) that were inedible. I ordered a side of garlic bread that came in a plastic container and they wrapped it in plastic wrap. The garlic bread melted the plastic container and also deemed that inedible. Also on the phone they did not specify it was cash only so I showed up with no cash and had to use their ATM. Very disappointed with the low quality of food.Yeah Stogie Joes!  Love this place.  Love the stromboli, love the pasta and the mussles.  Love the fact that when you use the ATM you get a free mug of beer.  Here's a tip:  go after the big  (you fill in the blank here ) game has started.  Less chance of being annoyed by some obnoxious Cherry Hill or Main LIne twit doing their Rocky imitation. Another tip: be sure to feed the meter. The PPA are vultures down here. The bathroom leaves a lot to be desired, but hey, I'm a local, so I'll use the loo at home.  This is a great place.  GoAwesome food at this bar- a bit loud and crazy but well worth a visit to South Philly. The stromboli and meatball sandwiches are to die for!Lazy Saturday afternoon.  Bright open air room off of the bar and sidewalk seating.  Full menu selections and specials.  Cash only. 
I got a pizza special that was great.  My husband got the Stogie Joe's Stromboli. I bit dark on a few spots but we loved the seasonings. 
Good beer menu.
We'll be back!Walking past Stogie Joe's on a Friday evening I couldn't hep but notice how great the pizza people were eating on the sidewalk looked and smelled. I was surprised as I wasn't expecting an establishment called "Stogie Joe's" to have awesome pizza. 
Less than an hour later a wonderful person offered me a slice that I noticed smelled just as delicious. The aroma didn't lie: it was a great slice with sauce on top of cheese. I'm noticing more and more that the best pizza has that order. 
Stogie Joe's: well worth it for the pizza of all things!Very disappointed. We ordered here because we live nearby and have experienced good things in the past. I have experienced bad things this time around. I called in an order for linguine with crab gravy, with some extra bread or rolls, and an order of chicken parmigiana, with a side of linguine, with an extra side of sautéed spinach. Some problems: 
1.  The serving size of the linguine with crab gravy was basically a child sized portion. 
2. The sautéed spinach looked, tasted, an smelled suspiciously like satueed broccoli rabe. 
3. The bread was not present. 
4. It cost $33, and my husband had to reheat is leftover hot wings after consuming his child sized side dish of an entree. 
So amazing food, just horrible execution and over priced.This is the type of place you see in movies. Full of a strange mix of locals, upscalers looking for the authentic place downtown ,and always a bunch of weirdo's or misfits drifting in and out or sitting at the bar.    That along is worth the trip if you are a people watcher.   It ain't fancy, in fact, it's pretty bare, and this is AFTER they have remodeled.  The front room, separate from the bar is ok, but for the real flavor of the place, site in the back area near the bar and stick with just one of two things; the square pizza, which is really a tomato pie, or the stromboli.   You won't go wrong with either one.   The pizza comes out  well done, crisp and on a thin crust and it's awesome.   The beer selection is good, and the waitress service is usually pretty good too.  The place isn't fancy, it's just damn good.  Love the pizza!The atmosphere was really well-executed! What they've done with the garage door was genius and unique in the area. That's the positive.
Food-wise it was pretty much standard. I got the pulled-pork sandwich, which was run-of-the-mill, and came with nothing but an awkwardly plated pepper which was either roasted or wilted. Either way, it was too tough to eat.
What caused the poor rating was how unwelcome I felt. We were seated without a beer list (which was short enough it could be on the menu), and were not greeted by our waiter for about 5 minutes. 
When our food arrived, I waited for silverware or even napkins, but our waiter never showed. I walked to the wait-station and served myself. Even this did not bring our waiter out.
He finally showed... to ask if he could steal the beer list for a minute. That was it.
Overall, he made three appearances at our table.
When we got the check, I got tired of waiting and tried to flag down two people who worked there and was outright ignored.
Once I learned it was cash-only, I then sat with a lovely family having dinner while they watched me use the ATM stationed literally at their table. How awkward!
It's a shame, because I live in the area and pass this restaurant often. I had always admired it whenever I passed, however I doubt I will be returning here again.A typical spot I have been walking by to many times withoutstopping in and giving it a try. Out with a bunch of friends we decided to give Stoie's a try. It's basically a neighborhood bar with awesome food.  We had the pizza which was delicious. I personally had the meatball Sandwich w/ Sharp provolone. What a delight! best meatball sandwich I had in a long while.
Though the beer selection is your typical bar selection is great especially when some of your friends are not into the craft beers. 
It's a great laid back neighborhood setting. Being from Philly I was glad to have graced Stogie's. I will be returning on a regular basis.Came here after an EAGLES game. I was a little typsy but I remember the food. Got a burger with potato wedges. Great food just very small portions with a high price I thought I asked for wedges and they gave me 2. Any I will def come back again looking at pics wish I payed more attention to the menu I would of got Pizza. Going back for some for sure.Stogie Joe's is:
Three Dollar Margs, an A-OK beer list including a few good craft options, South Philly Italian-esque menu.
The Stogie Joe stromboli was above average but a little salty for my taste. The wings were above average as well. It looked like their tomato pie was probably the way to go and I will return to see if it holds up to it's reputation.
The service is alright but could use improvement; the staff are kind but seem kind of distracted. Prices are reasonable, I believe the stromboli was $11 and was a huge portion. The drinks were fairly average in price as well, not too bad on the wallet.
All in all it is a nice neighborhood bar with a casual atmosphere where you can have a good time without breaking the bank. There are, however, many other options in the area that I would typically choose first. Stogie's is the kind of place I would come back to when I want a change of pace from the usual spots and maybe to get in on some of that pizza and loaded potato wedges I've read so much about.Blergh.  I don't even know how to pronounce my description of this place, but I think that I got the spelling correct.
The table service was ridiculously slow. Our appetizers and meals came out at different times and we had 3 different servers. With no idea who to talk to about this issue, I will just air my grievances on Yelp.
If you're in the mood for a cheesy bar experience that tries to be interesting and hip, this is the place for you. Complete with d-bag music and style, Stogie Joes takes crap to the next level with pedestrian food choices they may or may not get to your table before you pass out. 
The only plus to the experience was that they brought a pitcher of soda to the one soda drinker at the table... which was clutch since the rest of us had to turn to it because they forgot our second round of beers.
TL;DR - Save yourself some money and frustration - go elsewhere. It would be more satisfying to drink from the bar rag of another decent bar.Best neighborhood bar in South Philly!! The food is out of this world and the servers are the best! Absolutely best bar on Passyunk Ave.I came after midnight and ordered a couple of craft beers for me and a friend. They couldn't name what varieties they had, and just told us to "look at the fridge," which was fine since the place was pretty empty on a weekday night. We ordered a couple of beers, which seemed pretty overpriced ($1 to $2 more than the same beers at the Bottle Shop a block away). It seemed to me more of a dive bar, in a nice neighborhood, but without the dive bar prices. I wouldn't come here again, unless I was trying to impress someone. Have not tried the food, though.ok, so i live down the street and this is still one of my go do orders. As much as i love eating there because the beer is cheap and the service is great, i love i more when the food comes straight to my door.
There are two dishes that i dream about. 1.  Chicken parm.  I know that you think that everyone makes this in south Philadelphia.  Oh, you are wrong.  It comes chopped up with pasta and as a side dish.  But real, red gravy, over sized chicken parm is hard to find.  I don't want a sandwich.  I want a big old platter covered in cheese and sauce and deep fried to perfection.  Stogie Joe's delivers. I get the spinach when i want to pretend that i am being healthy.
My other go do dish is 2. Stogie Joe's Stromboli.  I don]t know if you really appreciate a good Stromboli.  Crunchy and salty on the crust with a filling that satisfies.  This Stromboli has spicy cheese and meat and comes with a tangy red sauce that is a fantastic accompaniment.  it is spicy and savory and perfectly melty.  I want to eat it every day.
I have also eaten in house and i would recommend the pizza (plain) and the house salad (comes covered in meat and cheese. mmmmm!!!)
Good stuff for a low neighborhood price.I've gone up by a star and I feel conflicted in doing so, however, since moving to the greater Philadelphia area, I've eaten food from here several times because my boss, for some reason, really REALLY likes thier pizza. If he's paying, I'm eating. Everything I've had from here has been OK, nothing outstanding but nothing is truly horrible either.Big step above tavern food that amounts to cuisine. Rigatoni Bolognese was especially fine. A go to neighborhood place that's worth a visit to Passyunk AvenueMy husband is always trying new places --- he was in the mood for pizza.  He said, let's go to stogie joes.  I rolled my eyes - thinking I can't wait to get to yet another dump!
Well I could not have been more wrong.  The place is so quaint, definitely South Philly style (I love that!) and have the best unique pizza around.  
It's becoming a regular place for me and my husband.I just had the best chicken cutlet sandwich with broccoli rabe. The bread alone was five star. Service was good. Sat outside on a lovely day.Food is alright I guess. It's all about the pizza really. The service was not great. Food is auctioned off to the table and plates and silverware just dumped in a pile. The place is cash only, but doesn't warn you until you get the bill. They direct you to an atm that charges a high transaction fee.We got delivery from here and I probably wouldn't do it again. Too many other good places in the city to eat.Have only ordered the pulled pork sandwich with broccoli rabe and as take out several times but it's delicious and the broccoli rabe pairs well with it. Yummy!As a 21 year old couple, we were the youngest people there on a Friday night around 10pm. However, I still enjoyed the throwback songs from the DJ once in a while! The service was excellent; however, I wasn't expecting it to be cash only so prepare yourselfI've always enjoyed the food at Stogie Joe's, and it's a good place to get take out and maybe a drink or two at the bar. My experience with the wait staff is usually pretty lame. Never friendly, always someone giving attitude. I went to lunch there recently with my two friends and our female server was one of the worst yet. We were her only table and it took her 20 minutes to get drinks, and then waited around for her to come by so we could ask for the check, but she was too busy hanging out in the kitchen or whatever. My friend literally had to hunt someone down after a long period of waiting. Read the other reviews and you'll see...the service is painful. Moral of the story, I don't recommend dining in there.I've come here a few times and think it's a nice spot for a good meal. I like the outdoor seating and inside is nice too. The house salad is a good pick for something fresh with a great dressing. Also love the clams casino, tomatoe pie and ribs! The rib sauce is really unique and both times we ordered it was nice and meaty! Service is a little slow and not attentive but friendly and sure to help when around. Hate the cash only aspect! I hate it.An establishment with a great bar and food, Stogie Joe's is a South Philly staple and a must go!  
The atmosphere is very exciting and the staff are very friendly and always around to help you. I enjoy the music that is played and some days there is live music, which is exceptional. 
For the food, all options are great. Definitely order the mussels in white or red sauce. Probably the best i've ever had. There is also an amazing square pizza that everyone must try. There is nothing like it anywhere else. 
Overall a great experience and would go back anytime!This place is so South Philly its amazing.  A nice contrast to the sort of upscale Passyunk Ave food scene.  It's not a fancy place, just an honest little bar with great, decently priced food.  I'd put their roast pork sandwich in the top 5 of the city.
It's cash only, but they have an ATM on site.  Come in the summer time and the big garage door may be open.  One thing is for sure, it'll be busy!Delicious pizza, friendly service, a fun crowd, and great beer selection, all at wonderfully reasonable prices: good stuff! I am glad to have finally gotten here after nearly 5 years in the neighborhood. You know I'll be back.I've been to Stogie Joe's a few times now and am a huge fan. The drinks specials are amazing, and the food is good too (nothing too fancy, but is indeed yummy). It is cash only so just a heads up to all. On Sunday nights they have "Sinatra Night" from 3-7pm which is SO much fun.Food is amazing! Have been here twice and it was equally as great each time. Love the ribs, fall off the bone perfect!A fun South Philly spot to get a pretty cheap buzz and a damn good pie. The people are nice and place gets busy at dinner. Fun place to go after you have had a few too many, as they will tolerate a decent level of antics. Only downside for me is they are cash only but they do have a atm inside...I live 100 yards from here and refuse to go inside anymore. The food is OK and beer selection is diverse but it patron base has way too many bubblegum gangsters.  The wanna-be mobsters who live in the same house they grew up in frequent this place far too often, camp out with their twisted teas and hog all the outside seating. It could be a great spot but there are far too many Yo-Bo's.This place is old school South Philly. The mussels were excellent and the pizza was just as good. When we walked in they had a guy singing Sinatra, my wife actually thought it was the juke box. This place is like the good South Philly restaurants we grew up with.Had no idea what to expect from this place as it was a last minute addition to our bar crawl.  Zero parking to start.  I mean nothing for blocks.  Inside we found a couple random ladies dancing to a bad dj.  Beer selection was decent, plenty of seating.  Got a stogie joes stromboli, and holy shit was it good.  
Worth a check out if you're in the area.Terrific perogies special on a cold afternoon. Caramelized onions made the dish. Next time I am sitting near the fireplace.The pizza here is really good. I especially love their pepperoni pizza. I recently tried their ceasar salad.. nothing special but their dressing is homemade which I thought was pretty cool considering most places don't do that. I also had their potato wedges with cheese.. Definitely something to try! They use a different cheese that gave them an extra kick!Ok....old school mafia feel and pretty sure we were sitting with a few members! It made for a cool and interesting lunch!! Will definitely be back just for the thrill!!! Now the food....I had the baked spicy buffalo wings and they were so good!!!! Crispy without even having to ask! Then the pizza came out...Square eggplant pie with slices of garlic that I believe Pauly slices up in the joint! The garlic slices made that pizza pop!!!! Mac and cheese was made with small rigatoni and was also delicious!!!! Can't wait to go back and try another menu item!!!!!They know that a stromboli isn't just a calzone.Friendly staff, fast simple well priced drinks and good food. Definitely one of my local favorites!My favorite things at Stogie Joes, In no particular order:
-The House salad, that says it feeds 2 but is a delightful nosh for up to 5 
-The Meatballs. God damn the meatballs. I've just walked down the street and said "screw it, I'm sitting down for a meatball" ONE meatball, Have you ever gone somewhere just for one delicious delicious ball of magical meat? 
-The rigatoni bolognese. What is in this stuff? Seriously, are there drugs in this? 
-Pizza. I'm from NJ, I scoffed loudly at the thought of sauce on top, and I am so very happy to eat both my words and this crispy crust yet slightly chewy bottomed divine creation. 
-THE SAUSAGE BITES. I will order these a night before and eat them for breakfast. I'll eat them for lunch, I'll have them as desert. I am addicted, I'm shaking a little thinking about them. My dog has torn into more than one bag to get to these, and then she rolls in the BBQ sauce. I CAN'T EVEN GET MAD AT HER. I'd do it too...goddamn societal norms. 
The prices are cheap! 
The staff is so friendly and helpful. (except this one kid, but whatever one bad apple does not ruin this bunch!) 
The bad:
Meh wine selection (me being a wine connoisseur with my sausage bites).
CASH ONLY! (Not really a huge deal, but they used to do a thing where you'd get a free mug of cruddy beer with your ATM receipt but I don't think they do that anymore) 
Interesting: 
Fireplace! (in a converted garage looking thingie!)
Outdoor seating! 
THE BEST KARAOKE IN A TOWNIE BAR EVER! Some people take it very seriously and I can respect that.
In fact they have a thing going on all the damn time, bands outside, beer on the sidewalk etc. 
You ever see that one episode of Seinfeld where Elaine tries to get a job at the diner on a bet and she can't because all the waitresses have one "similarity" yeah its almost eerie. 
I love having this place in my hood. I love everything about it. Go here! WAIT NO DON'T!  I still want to get a table when I want. 
--Literally the best stromboli I've ever had in my life. Crispy, not greasy, little red sauce cup on the side! Super friendly bartender and a $5 shot and a beer special 24/7 is unreal. Can't wait to come backEveryday drink specials!
$5 margarita and $5 show w/ beer!!!  We got a real philly vibe from servers.  Nice but not too nice.
Wings were great with sauces on the side.  Mussels in white sauce was extremely salty.  Its a really nice and loud casual spot for affordable drink and food. Tons of food options....noticed people ordering the pizza and sandwiches.  Will try those next time.Stogey Joe's was a great little bar with great food.  I enjoyed the pork sandwich and potato wedges.  They had trivia the night my friend and I visited as well.  Pizza looked good too.  Only reason I did not give the 5th star is because the waitress would not split the bill and it was cash only.  It's not like you have to change anything on the register.Ordered a pizza for delivery at 7:48 pm they delivered me a cold pizza at 9:40 pm. This isn't the first time I have gotta a cold pizza or sandwich.Amazing bar food.  The Stogie Joe Stromboli is fucking delicious.  The BBQ sausages are awesome too.  And the roast pork sandwich is...you'll probably think I'm crazy...the best I've ever had.  Honest.Eat here often and love the food and atmosphere but sadly will never be returning due the the Miserable ass waitress hovering over us and pacing back and forth staring us down to leave because she wanted to turn over the table . Thanks for ruining my engagement celebration .would give 2.5 stars
I am torn on this review... Came here with my gf on a Saturday evening and was wow'd with the service, food and gentlemen singing outside.. We got mussels both red and white bean. Will say we both preferred the white bean mussels.  Next we had the caesar salad for two.  I really enjoyed this salad.  There was the perfect amount of dressing and just a touch of the anchovy flavor you look for in a caesar. And to finish the night we had to try a pizza.  We kept it basic with just a red pie.  It was really really tasty.  The crust was perfectly done and the flavor was great!  
Now my second experience was not as good.  Ordered take out after traveling from pittsburgh to philly and was hoping for that same experience.  We got a red pizza with mushrooms, a white with tomatoes and sausage and the go to caesar salad.  The salad did not let us down; however, the pizzas were lacking a lot.  The red was mushy and needed salt and the white was just plain yuckie.  It was super greasy and did not have any flavor or seasonings at all.  It honestly tasted like bread with oil.  I wanted so badly to like this again, but was left disappointed... 
I will try one more time and hope for some redemption.I'm pretty excited to have found a new great pizza spot! 
I have passed Stogie Joe's probably 100 times and have just never gone in. What a regret that was. This place is seriously good! Not to mention everything is fairly priced! 
We sat outside on a Friday evening and their was no wait which was nice. Our sever was nice, ran down specials for us, and never missed a beat. We ordered the square mozzarella and homemade sauce pizza. A small is more than enough for two people! We made the mistake of ordering fries to start and i was so full before the pizza even came out. However the fries are pretty bomb too. 
Beers are cheap, food is good, and service is great. Can't really ask for anything more. Only flaw is it being cash only **Man this is the place great food great drinks and great people. They only take cash though ATM on premise