Maybe people come here for the beer....
Maybe people come here for the service...
I thought the duck gumbo was delicious...
But for the prices, I could have eaten a burger and gone to the circus....We had our wedding reception after-party here, and it was great. They accommodated us with a large area on the upper level.  The beer list is awesome and the appetizers our guests ordered were so delicious!
When some shots came out, one had a strange white pill-like tablet in it. That was super sketchy. We told the waitress and she promptly brought us a new one.They have a good selection, but the bartender had terrible pours. The beers were half foam, half beer, which is unacceptable when paying $9 for a beer.Food, wine and service were all great!
Try the gazpacho which is amazing!
Had the Shrimp and grits ( only served on weekends) and it was AMAZING!!
PLEASE make this during the week, Strangelove!!
Since I couldn't have shrimp and grits....had the gouda grits during the week...WOW they are sooooo good!Came here with my friends for happy hour and enjoyed it a lot.  I had only been here once before for an engagement party.  The waiter was friendly and diligent and didn't give us any trouble for splitting up a big bill among multiple people.  Prices could be cheaper but weren't bad for center city.  I would definitely come back here again!Sadly I have to change my review for Strangeloves.....between the new chef and one not so  thinking waitress...it is no longer my go to place!Great Happy Hour.  $4 drafts and wine, $5 basic mixed drinks.  $4 snacks included fantastic homemade chips.
Good dinner items including great veggie burger and tofu/spinach saag and kale salad.  Pork and Joe burgers were good but cheffie had a heavy hand on the salt shaker.
Very friendly servers!Amazing food and fun beer menu!  Had lunch with some friends and was incredibly impressed. The food was incredible (totally recommend the brussels sprouts and the Strangelove Burger). Our waiter/bartender, Payne, was very attentive and helpful in making our choices. While it's changed since it's Doc Watson's days, you can still see the "bones" of the old place which makes old folks like me happy.  Great food, great service, lovely location. Win, win & win.  Payne is awesome - give him a raise!In addition to the amazing strangelove  burger I pretty much inhaled it was so good, the very helpful bartender offered to replace my half-drunken too sweet beer with a half pint of another recommendation. That is customer service 101. If I were a local these two things would make me a regular.We stopped in during an impromptu mini bar tour, and Strangelove's definitely impressed. The bearded hipster-type bartender was friendly and attentive, and the venue is extremely clean with crisp decor. Since it was around 2-3pm, it was a lull between lunch and dinner, but a great place to sit and watch some of the Phillies' game. Also, they have some special beers as partnerships with some of the Philadelphia breweries, which is cool - I tried the Porch, and it was enjoyable.Really enjoyed the food here and they have a very impressive selection of beers. I got the Strangelove's burger which had a great variety of flavors. Very comfortable environment. Friendly staff. Good for parties of 4-6.I had brunch here today and it was great!  A friend recommended it and I'm so glad we went. The beermosa that we had was a great substitute for the mimosa and I couldn't have been happier. The food was good and perfectly proportioned so you left full but not uncomfortable.We had the "afterparty" for our engagement here and it was great! After searching so many bars/restaurants in the city that charged exorbitant room rental fees, we came across Stangeloves.  We had the 2nd floor with 2 bar tenders all to ourselves and comfortably fit about 50 guests. Great beer, great food. No fee for the space, just a bar tab minimum of $1000 which was no problem for that many people in 3 hours. We had such a great time and would recommend this space to anyone planning a party in the city!Following my initial review of this place, I've visited quite a few more times without a subpar experience (or beer, for that matter). Ultimately, a recent group dinner here with a large, raucous party bearing mixed dietary needs and preferences merited a fifth star. Our server did not make any errors despite our huge order, and acted rather attentively despite our nigh-constant distraction. Furthermore, most diners enjoyed their meals to a significant extent, and the only miss out of the many dishes tasted that evening was a fairly pedestrian chicken sandwich. 
Still the copious amount of reasonably portioned, tasty Southern inspired grub (they seem to have upped the plate sizes, mitigating my prior gripe) more than made up for that small miss. The vegan tostadas are as deceptively meaty as ever, the mussels still intensely seafood-y, the burger killer, and the po-boys on point. Whether for a few brews or a full meal, Strangelove's does the job well; it will remain my favorite neighborhood spot for quite some time.After wanting to go here for a drink and some food since it opened, I finally had the chance! A friend and I ended up here after realizing we picked a Center City Sips night to have dinner and drinks. Listen up if you like to hear yourself talk in Center City on a Wednesday!
It was also Philly Beer Week, so we had the opportunity to try some special Anderson Valley brews. I got the opportunity to have a goes, which is one of my favorite styles.
I ordered the veggie burger that featured beets, and my dining companion reminded me of the Portlandia sketch "Is it beets?" It was good, it did fall apart, and I would say that chips remind me of lunch - even though they were good. If they were hot chips I would probably not have even noticed they weren't fries!
Strangelove's would appeal to any beer appreciator, not just the Sips-avoiding type! I'll definitely be back.Good beer selection, very decent old fashioned, very good veggie burger, and very very good Playlist (think The Cure and Joy Division mostly). 
It was quite empty on a Sunday evening and the waiter was quick and very nice, accommodating our group of 8 very well. The veggie burger was very hearty and spicy and i think was a good choice over a meat entree.
Just an overall pleasure and I'll be back next time in in Philly!This place really got its act together quickly. Bartenders are knowledgeable and friendly, as is the wait staff. Beer AND wine list is great. Decor is interesting and comforting, and it doesn't hurt to look out the window and see lots of trees across the way at Jefferson. I hear the burgers are great, but I only had salad and several appetizers. The only disappointing thing I had was the mussels, but asked to leave out the chorizo, so I can't really complain. Mushroom soup was ridic.Been here a handful of times and it's easily becoming a staple bar for me to hop to after work. The ambiance is cosy, calm, and laid-back, a change from all the energized sports bars and dance clubs in the area. It's a very small place but every time I've been in I've been able to get a seat at the bar. 
Draft list is about the normal size for an establishment that pours craft beer, about 12-16 brews on tap. As I've mentioned in previous reviews, I tend to yawn at places in center city for their redundant IPAs they have on tap but Strangelove's goes above and beyond with their list. I've had some amazing goses and saisons here that I've never seen anywhere else in Philadelphia. 
One thing that's unique about this bar that I've never seen any bar in the city do is they will give you 4oz pours for 1/3rd of the price of a glass and an 8oz for 2/3 the price. For me being one who loves to taste different brews and has the attention span of a goldfish, even when it comes to my beers, this is probably one of my favorite implementations. I've been able to try six different beers for under 25 dollars and that's a jackpot in my book! 
As for the food, all I've had are the pretzel balls, but oh my those are the best pretzels I've had. Light, fluffy, buttery, and a little larger than a golf ball, they serve them up in a bowl with three different types of mustards. I could probably eat them all day. 
If you're in the area and want a change of pace and a great bite and drink, Strangelove's is the place to go.Great first experience. Bar was clean, staff was friendly, drinks were on point and the food was fresh and great! Perfect portions. I had the Strangeloves burger with a fried green tomato on top. The bun was big and fully, enough to hold the burger. I got a rare burger and it was perfectly cooked and HOT! Great spices and come on...a fried green tomato on top!!?? Yes! Cole slaw was fresh, not runny, sugary/vinegary! Awesome spot to try :)Excellent bar by any standard. Awesome selection of craft beer from around the world, inventive menu with vegan and vegetarian options abound, and friendly staff serving it all.
There are two levels, both with spacious bars and plenty of table seating. Just big enough to fill demand without feeling too cavernous. The menu is extremely creative and priced nicely, with entrees clocking in around $12 on average. The food is delicious, too. Nothing half-hearted.
As a beer geek, I appreciate that they make an effort to serve beer across a variety of styles and regions. I've attended some beer events here, and really like their organization as well. The staff is knowledgable and helpful.
This place is excellent and very much deserving of RateBeer's recent destination as a "top 100 US Beer Bar." I highly recommend it.Had beers and french fries and a burger here. The food was really good, beer choice on tap was great, and had a good happy hour environment.Really fun bar, and a great happy hour with food and drink specials. Loved all the beer options on tap, and the service was great. I was here with a group of 15 for a company gathering, and we all had a great time. We didn't stay for dinner but did try many of the appetizer options, loving them all. 
The pretzel bites were awesome, and my coworkers loved the mushroom croquettes.
The space itself is also really cool. Definitely worth a visit!Strangelove's was a great study break, fostering good conversation through its yummy food (Joe burger and Smokey crystal steak fries were spot on) and its not-too-loud, not-too-quiet atmosphere. We sat upstairs--it's a lot bigger than you'd think from the outside!
Solid service, but not outstanding--we probably would have ordered more drinks than we did if our server had stopped by more often to ask.
PS. Totally random note, but I don't suggest walking down the tiny alley/street as a short-cut, unless you want to feel kind of skeevy right before you go in to eat! Walking along 11th Street is, of course, perfectly un-skeevy and safe!I went there for a Saturday brunch and the place was dead! Only a couple people at the tables..I think the evening ambience is better with bar lighting and better music. The place is easy to miss and I've lived in the neighborhood for a year and never noticed it! 
Food was decent, and I'll give them points for creativity with vegan options..I ordered the beet burger and a side of greens (pic shown here)...burger was interesting, not bad! The harissa mayo added a little needed kick to the flavor. The green salad looked pretty with the thin guava slices. Price was about average (maybe 2-4 dollars more relatively)...the burger was surprisingly not filling..better to order with the fries. The server recommended the vegan nachos as having more flavor..will need to try that another time. Good selection of drinks, decent ambience, and good location..check it out sometime for happy hours (better deal) of dinner (better ambience)."We had just finished seeing the wonderfully funny show #Harvey when we decided to walk up Walnut St. to see if we could find a nice warm and inviting place to sit, have a drink and enjoy the day. We found ourselves on 11th St. when Strangeloves seemed to grab us (in a nice way). It was just before 3:00P so the place was only moderately busy. Good for us. We were greeted warmly and shown to a nice table toward the middle of the room. Our waitress arrived promptly and was very helpful with menu as this was our first time. I ordered a beer on tap(there's a ton) and my wife ordered a glass of red wine. We were having dinner later so we didn't want to eat too much. We chose two things from the appetizer menu. My wife had the chips and onion dip. The chips are great! All home made. I had the CHICKEN WATERZOOI. This was much more than what I expected. Great flavor, very "chickeny" as compared to other dishes of this type where they expect you to add a great deal of salt and other table spices for flavor. The reduction of the chicken broth really enhanced this dish and I highly recommend it. Would I go back again? Absolutley!I was there only for a happy hour and a snack. The beer selection was good. The location is nice and bartender was really friendly.
Nice place for happy hour on two floors.
The Fish Pork Sticks are really great.This place is great. Awesome and inventive food, even for vegetarians and vegans. Amazing and always-changing draft list, and stellar service. And, it's big enough that you can usually find a table or seat at the bar without too much trouble, but it doesn't feel impersonal. I usually end up eating too much because I want to try all the delicious things, but that's my problem, not theirs! Go here, and quickly now!Came for quizzo. Service was sub par. Not good to eat after 9:30pm. Different menu. Late night is good for Drinks and socializing. Cool ambience though.I always like a place where you grab a drink and actually hear what your friends are saying, so I was happy to see this addition to the neighborhood. The staff is very friendly and enthusiastic about the beers and the food. 
We've been a few times for drinks, and went for lunch this weekend. All of the sandwiches (burger, chicken sandwich, and tempeh salad sandwich) were delicious. Well executed toppings elevated them above standard bar fare. The ice box lemon pie was creamy and refreshing.
Overall, can't wait to make this our regular spot.Shittiest negroni I've ever had. $12 for a poorly made cocktail with a lemon ( not the classic orange) and one of the ones we ordered was half full.Been here twice, first time just for beers- great selection and they have my favorite (Yards Love Stout) on tap! Good times.
Second time for food and beers. This trip was hit or miss, out of the first beer selected. Ordered a burger and the turkey club, Brussels sprouts and pretzel bites. Tried to order the pickles but apparently they are not pickles as advertised but pickled veggies. Good thing the waitress told us, that would have been disappointing. Burger was delicious, turkey club was a regret. It wasn't a club but a turkey sandwich. And the "bacon" was some sort of pork belly beef jerky that was removed after several unsuccessful attempts at biting through it. Brussels were meh, not really seasoned or flavorful, so get the fries! 
So, not really sure about returning for food, but A+ for beers!Veggie burger is delicious! Very nice atmosphere , awesome service and delicious draft beer!Stopped by and had dinner at the bar one night. They have an awesome beer selection. The cocktails that were being made looked great as well. The staff was very friendly and attentive. Ordered the steak, and it came out seasoned and cooked perfectly. Definitely would stop by again next time I'm around.So good!! Craft beers, great vegan & vegetarian selection. The staff is fun, friendly, and helpful. Great environment. Highly recommend!!!This place is nomtastic! Came here for lunch...had vegan chorizo tostadas. They were delish, and the atmosphere was chill and relaxing!I recently discovered this neighborhood bar and I love it. They feature a well-rounded selection of wine and beer. Happy hour gets a little busy but it's a fun atmosphere. The crowd on weekends is a mix of locals and post-shift hospital staff.
I tried a few appetizers and they were all innovative and delicious. The pretzels are game changing, seriously. Get. The. Pretzels.  I've been here twice and I would come back any day of the week!The most horrid customer service experience I've ever had in Philly. Do not go to the place.A friend and I stopped in to grab dinner and try out a couple of the special drain beers that they had available for beer week. The service was fine, as were the beers. The food was another story. I ordered the catfish poboy and my friend ordered a burger. The fries that came out with the platters were not cooked all the way through and were completely limp and swimming in a puddle of oil on the plate. We sent the fries back and the waitress returned with a small order of fries for us to share. The fries were cooked, but quite a few of them were blackened. I think there were about 24 fries for us to share. My friends burger was fine, but the catfish poboy was a complete joke. There were three pieces of catfish, which were tiny, and probably covered no more than 20% of the surface of the roll. It was the worst meal I've had in years. I paid $14 for a roll loaded with lettuce and a dozen lousy fries.My girlfriends and I went to Strange Love for brunch because it had just opened up and we were curious. I got the Eggplant Jawn. The name of the dish is more pleasing than the actual dish itself. It was way too salty, greasy, and unfulfilling. It's not somewhere I'd go again.Stopped by this place last night, it was my first time, my girlfriend mentioned it so I said sure what the hell. The beer menu was awesome with multiple craft beer selections, and the food was awesome. I got the friend chicken with friend corn and potato salad. A classic summer dish that was on point. Probably the BEST fried chicken I've ever had in my life. Greasy and gristly just the way I love it. I didn't even need a dipping sauce cause the chicken was so juicy. Hats off to the chef!!! Highly recommend!!!I came here for brunch about a week ago, it's a cool place with the artwork on the wall depicting "strange lovers". I got Warm Pretzel Bites that were very good and not so "bite sized" with the three mustards that came with it. I also got a beer called Evolution lot #3 that was a very hoppy beer which I liked with the pretzels. They offer a good selection of different beers that I want to try the next time I visit this place again.If you want a good atmosphere, tasty food, and a solid selection of beer, then this is the place! 
Easily one of the best spots in center city, and a must stop for any foodie out there. The menu is small, which, if you've ever felt burdened by choices, then you'll appreciate. For what they lack in quantity, they more than make up for in quality.
I've never had anything but the best time there, whether its a slow monday afternoon, or a busy friday, the service and food is always on point.Ordered the Veggie Burger with salad instead of fries- and I was so full! The veggie burger has a mushy/soft consistency but great flavor. You can really taste the lentil/beet mixture! I asked for the harissa mayo on the side, and thankfully I did because I was not a fan. The side salad had an amazing vinaigrette dressing that was so flavorful. $24 for my meal + a beer + gratuity .. not bad considering the large meal portions!I have been there multiple times for lunch . Omg I love it. The food is amazing , anything you order will be delicious.  The service is great. When they tell you the special is really good, trust them . You will not be disappointed!   Portions are pretty big , most of the time I can't finish the whole sandwichWent here during Philly Beer Weekend. This is the best burger I've ever had. The strangelove's burger was brain melting. Anytime I'm craving a burger, I'll have to drive an hour just for this one.Good beer selection and pretty darn good pretzel bites. Good crowd. Good service. Good all around.Loved this place before tonight's experience. Came here tonight shortly before happy hour ended to meet up with some friends from out of town. Came 10 minutes right before happy hour. Tried to order 2 beers for myself before happy hour ended. I was told that wasn't allowed. Really?!? Give me a break. I get that there must be limits but I didn't try and order five beers. 
I tried to get a taste of a beer and was told that they only do a "tasting beer item from the menu" and don't do individual beer tastings. She ended up caving and gave me an ounce tasting. Places with a ton of unique craft beer are usually more than happy to give tastings to ensure the customer is happy with there order.
I wasn't a fan of the beer I tasted so I ordered another beer outright (being reluctant to ask for another sample). The beer was gross. I mentioned to the waitress that the beer wasn't great and she told me she could take it off the table but couldn't take it off the bill since nothing was wrong with the product. Ummm okay if you say it that way, I guess I will just drink the beer. 
Pretzels weren't as good as I remembered. Burger was good but definitely not the greatest for $13.00, plus being charged for a side of jalapeños. I would definitely recommend whiskey village burger which is the same price.  
We went to Tria the night before with much better service. Used to be a huge fan of this place but not any more. Maybe it was the waitress but I will look elsewhere next time!Been here a dozen times or so since they opened, finally doing a review. I'd say it's a solid burger spot, side salad is pretty bomb instead of their fries, good beer list. They do charge for tastes of beers which is a pet peeve of mine (there's no diamonds in it, its not a rare beer so why charge me $2 so I can be sure I like what I end up ordering but whatevs). When they opened, they had the strangeloves burger (fried green tomato, goat cheese, bacon BBQ sauce and some other amazing sauce), but then took it off the menu and replaced it with some pork nasty thing. Anyway replaced pork nasty thing with just a regular burger, Russian dressing on it. I've had other things on the menu but I usually just got right back to the burger. Catfish po boy is good (but tbh the po boys are better at Khyber pass), chicken sandwich here is good. Service is always decent, they have unisex bathrooms which is good for us ladies bc that's more potties! Never had a bad thing on the menu, so def check it out if you like beer and burgers.This place has a little something for everyone- the meat lovers, the veggie lovers, and those in between. I was torn on this review because their execution of some of these things comes up a bit short. Their arugula salad with shrimp- tasty but after the first 10 bites I was wishing there were far fewer pickled onions and more arugula and cheese. The kale salad- yes, it's huge!- is delicious but was loaded with way too much dressing. Next time, I'll ask for it lightly dressed.
If you come during the summer, definitely check out their gazpacho. I'm partial to the one I make at home, but this one is bright and well-balanced- one of the better ones I've had in restaurants.
One of the items that I found myself craving was their good ole turkey sandwich. I came back a week later to get said turkey sandwich only to find it had been deleted from the menu! I hope they're just rotating the menu items and didn't do away with it forever!Hmm. A strange place. It's trying to be hipster but everyone on the night I went was suited up, fresh from work. 
The menu is eclectic to say the least. A mash-up of Cajun, French, and Texas influences. Po' boys, vegan chorizo, pork belly. I had the po' boy which was delicious and for $11 was big enough for lunch the next day too. For an app, we had the popcorn which was good but strange-chili, cheese, and butter over top which made each bit interesting. 
 I was also happy to see the wine selection since I'm not into beer. They do have a fairly decent wine list-about 10 wines you could get by the glass. Would love to see some original cocktails from this place though. 
I'll def be back for the happy hour specials.This is a perfect date spot. Very fun art, very cool vibe, very eclectic menu.  I had the tofu saag and half of a veggie burger.  The veggie burger is a must order- if you're vegan - just ask and then will veganize it for you. 
They have a good mix of omni options with a few vegan stand outs. 
The service was spot on, the food was great, and the atmosphere was terrific.  
I went here on a girl date with yelp darling veganliciousLJ, but I can't wait to come back with my boyfriend and try the drinks out.I have only been here for lunch and happy hour. Food is very good and they even have hush puppies.   A nice rotating tap list and the owners are very nice. Will definitely be coming back for dinner.The atmosphere is pleasant especially during the colder months, it is warm and inviting. Beer selection is varied yet manageable (sometimes too many options makes things more difficult). We had the pretzels app which was amazing and the homemade mustard was a nice touch. $4 craft drafts during Happy Hour!  The taqueria were decent...something better than fried frozen cuisine but not made by a Mexican grandmother as you get in S Philly.One of my favorites.  Russian kale salad is terrific.  Mussels with chorrizo, burgers, duck gumbo, eggplant rolatini...all perfect.  Nothing bad here!  And on top of that, the music is excellent!  Great craft beers on draft!Was visiting Philly and stopped in here on a Monday night for "Quizzo". Basically they have trivia night and the winner gets a gift card to the place. Went with 3 others, we grabbed a few drinks and played the first few rounds of the trivia game. It wasn't that packed, Maybe 5-7 tables. People were playing seriously! The drinks are priced well for the city, About 7$ for a drink. Had the Pretzel bites and a french onion dip. I really like the chips they have here. They make them in house I think? The dip was OK. But the mustard that came with the pretzel bites was out of this world. If you visit here be sure to try out the pretzel things...
Did not eat any entree here so cannot comment on any other food. Good place for a quick pre-game.....
TAKE: Probably would not return unless something special because nothing really stood out like other places in the city....Pretty good. This location has changed hands a couple of times in the last few years, but hopefully the new owners have found a winning formula - it was pretty packed when I came in last Thursday night.
The burger was absolutely fine, though a little more seasoning in the patty wouldn't hurt. The other half's veggie burger was nice, but came on a puck-like wholewheat bun. Why oh why does veggie always equal healthy... no burger deserves a wholewheat bun. The side dish of smoked gouda grits was the best thing we had - absolutely delicious - so maybe stick to the southern-inspired menu items. I will next time.
Also I was overcharged, and when I queried the check the waitress told me the additional charge was because I had fries with my burger. I paid up, but passing the bar yesterday I peeked at the menu, and I was right - she did overcharge me.
But give them a bit of time and they'll get everything sorted out I'm sure. Will be back to give it another go sometime.Casual but also clean/polished-looking place. It's pretty small, but there's a second floor. This might sound weird but I liked the wall booth seats, which felt quite spacious. I didn't try the food, but they seemed pretty good. I tried a french fry, which was good, and one friend said his pork sandwich was probably the best he's ever had. 
My biggest complaint is the beer list. I am a stout person - there's only one stout (and it's not good) on the list, while all the rest are pale ales/IPAs or cocktails. Cocktails were pretty good (tasted a bit watery though), but the long island iced tea was excellent. 
Very friendly server, and she's very knowledge about drinks. Wish I could like the bar more, but nothing about it really stood out to me. I had a great time there, but I know I would've had a great time at any other bar too. If only Strangelove's beer list were more delectable to me!This weekend, my sister was in town so we decided on Strangelove's for dinner and drinks due to its variety of meal choices for both herbivores and carnivores as well as their solid beer list.
They don't take reservations for parties smaller than six, but we had no trouble snagging a table for four around 6:30 on a Friday night.  Our server was super friendly and let us know of a few updates to their beer selections (which apparently are ever-changing)!  
We started with the cajun popcorn topped with cheese, which I wasn't convinced I liked but I ate it anyway.  I'll skip this next time.  I had the catfish po'boy as my main course with the bacon-infused sweet potato mash as a premium side.  The po'boy wasn't memorable, but that mash was definitely worth the few extra dollars to swap in over the chips!
My sis opted for the veggie burger, which she enjoyed.  My other DPs went with the short rib (a hit) and crawfish mac & cheese (not a hit).
Overall, mediocre food but great beer list, cozy atmosphere and friendly service.  I'd give Strangelove's another shot for apps & drinks - but might skip dinner.Happy hour here is everything I could ask for from a bar.
$4 drafts, extensive beer selection ranging in ABV, with just enough of a hint of familiarity to appease those who aren't in an adventurous mood. 
Food wise, only tried the fries, which came with a spicy ketchup of sorts and were REALLY hot, even 30 minutes later. All the food that wandered past me while I was there looked delicious though, so I'll definitely come back to do some more taste testing. 
Love the decor and the fact that the lighting is on the dimmer side. The ladybartender was super friendly also- will be back sooner than later.This place is alright. Ok beer selection and ok food selection. The price isn't too bad either. I didn't find anything standout or special about it though. The location would still be better off it stayed as Doc Watson's. No need to go out of your way to check this place out.What a gem! Great beer, great food and even better - a great selection for vegetarians. (Generally I can choose between 1-2 things, here there were a variety of options in vegan and vegetarian.) But don't worry  meat eaters, you have plenty of yummy sounding things as well. The kale salad was delightful and the pimento cheese (a dip) with pickles was so yummy. Dessert sounded good, but we were way too stuffed on their ample portions. 
Wheelchair accessible, no step and tables that accommodate. 
Staff was super friendly and helpful and service was prompt, but in a very good way (not rushed). 
Will definitely be back!Molly was great. She handled several tables, the bar and the phones with grace. 
The batter on the fish and chips wasn't horrible :\ 
I love the fries and aioli :DRead a few reviews on yelp about this place and since its pretty close to my apartment I decided to give it a try.
Great beer selection and a cool little spot. I had the kale salad with chicken. I usually finish most meals but this was so big I could not. Awesome salad
Def would recommend if you are in the neighborhoodOne star only because they refuse to pour a small taste before ordering.  
Seriously?
  "They're, trying to keep costs down".  Really?
  I always thought most bars tried to increase their expenses as high as possible.
There's roughly 1000 great beer bars in Philly that will let you sample a beer before plunking down $5-$8 for a pint.
Apparently Strangelove's thinks this is a bad idea.  
Ironically, I think it would be a bad idea to return here.I came here for happy hour and am totally using my experience at happy hour to judge this place. Is it fair? I'll let you decide. I really liked the atmosphere and layout of the bar, it was very spacious and had a modern but rustic feel at the same time. The beer selection was very good and the prices were fair (4 dollars during HH). So the booze and atmosphere was good and would keep me coming back for those two reasons but I probably would not come back for dinner and here is why. I ordered 4 items from the HH menu, conche fritters (basically seafood fritters) chips and dip, chicken taquitos and something else that was extremely mediocre. The first thing is that none of it really tasted flavorful. On a bland scale of 1-10 the food scored a 12. The food did nothing for me except provide energy to drink. 
I give this place 3 stars because they bar scene was pretty nice. If this was a restaurant it would definitely be a lower score.Loved this place.  Nothing in particular, just great service, friendly bartender, good drinks.  Wasn't looking for food so can't rate it the place itself seemed great.  Very friendly bartender, didn't get his name, and a generally comfortable atmosphere.  Highly recommended.Went here on a first date last year, they have a stellar beer list. It was a busy friday night but we were still able to sit at the bar and get quick service. The decor is so cute, love the big bright Strange Love sign. 
I'll definitely be back to order food in the future!Walked in here pretty damn sober looking forward to a third half-full glass of wine (mind you, we had also been eating over the course of 2 hours) only to be rejected by the condescending bartender. Aka the short lady with the short black hair. Why were we rejected? Our friend has a speech impediment and we were rejected since she was "slurring" her words. I'd love to show you what a real slob looks like, but i will never step foot in this place again. Way to make things awkward strangelove's.I was disappointed with my meal here. My friend and I went for celebratory drinks, apps, entrees, and dessert. I got the beer braised chicken-- would not recommend. The flavors were very bland and salty. The chicken was covered in a gravy of mushrooms and bacon, which sounds appetizing enough, but the flavors were indistinct. Also, the bed of celeriac mash underneath the chicken didn't complement it. It seemed like an odd accompaniment to the meat, like it was a quirky alternative to mashed potatoes that was added for the sake of being unique. It didn't pair well at all. I won't be ordering this again.
We also got the whipped ricotta appetizer. The menu claimed that this dish has mint in it, but I definitely didn't taste any. The crisp, lemony arugula was doing all of the work, which is fine, but (like everything else on the menu), the description sounded way more appetizing than it actually tasted. Same with the happy hour taquitos-- they tasted like frozen ones that I've bought at Trader Joe's. What a disappointment. As for the dessert, the brownie bites were just low-quality, crumbly chocolate cake. Quite the letdown.
If I return here, it will probably be for drinks only. The atmosphere/decor was charming; the service was friendly; and the draft selection is decent (although wish they poured pints rather than 12oz glasses). But overall, it seems like there are far better alternatives in this neighborhood for dinner.My Strangelove's experiences have just been for happy hour but I'm sold.
Not only do they have a regular weekday happy hour, they have Sunday happy hour specials too. I really liked that it wasn't limited to the bar area only. On my most recent visit, my group of four sat at a table upstairs. 
Everything was $4 including a nice list of craft beers. I opted for the Sierra Nevada Celebration Ale.
There were also several appetizers for $4 as well. My group split a few orders of the chicken taquitos and cat fish bites. Both snacks were definitely tasty but not the type of appetizers to have if you are super hungry.
The service was fine. Our server was friendly and attentive but there was nothing noteworthy otherwise.
There was something familiar and nice about Strangelove's. Maybe because it used to be Doc Watson's or maybe it just has a nice atmosphere of its own. Whatever it is, I have a new happy hour spot when I'm in that part of town.Warm, comfortable ambiance.  Staff was genuine and warm, too.
My boyfriend had the Strangelove Burger and thought he had died and gone to heaven.  Goat cheese and the fried green tomato made the meat "come alive" in a totally not weird way and the salad greens were delicious with a sherry dressing.
I had the Tots and the Mushroom Flautas.  The tots were deep fried and super greasy but the cheese sauce and fresh tomatoes made me feel less bad about it.  The flautas were delicious- creamy and rich and served with truffle oil.
Great beer selection, ok wine selection and super chill atmosphere.  We will definitely return in the near future!What's odd is I have been to this location in the many past and presumably failed iterations (Doc Watsons, Blue Bear, Boilermaker) and what always baffled me was why they couldn't survive with a large population of overworked and underpaid Jefferson students/staff etc looking for a great place for Happy Hour??
I digress
It is clear the new ownership is a hit (am also a fan of their other locations memphis taproom etc)
Went for HH and grabbed a small cafe table upstairs with my friend
They had a surprisingly nice curated selection of unique craft and import beers on special and interesting small bites as well (very few places have biere de garde, sours, IPAs, saisons etc all on draft!)
I of course ordered a beer NOT on special (was a unique belgian that I wanted to try) was still reasonable for what I ordered (maybe $6-8)
and enjoyed some taquitos and fermented veggies for maybe $5 a pop
The latter was not as great as I had hoped
Ditto for the giant doughnut hole style pretzel bites and beer cheese (they were interesting at least just lacked some flavor)
Solid beer place in the area, i would definitely go backSo we had a night with a few too many restrictions on us to figure out where to go. We needed (1) good vegetarian food, (2) gluten-free options, (3) something close to where we were staying, and (4) no to a bunch of different ethnic cuisines that people had already been to the previous few days. Strangelove's, however, was able to please all parties in this way. First off, they told us it'd be a little bit of a wait so we sauntered to the upstairs bar, by the time we had really settled in though, they already had a table ready for us. Nice! Their food was really good, my only gripe is that I came pretty hungry and the waitress assured me that the kale salad was huge and would fill me up. Maybe we have different definitions of what "huge" means, but I definitely wasn't filled up by the kale salad alone. Fortunately, we ordered a bunch of other sides for the table that did the job including the fried okra and a bucket of fries. The fries were really thick and done fantastically, and this is exactly what I want for fries. They also have a great beer menu, a couple of offerings on cask is always a welcomed addition. Really nice addition to the Philadelphia gastropub scene.Strangelove's is a totally welcome addition to the neighborhood. We had a lovely, delicious meal and great beer on a casual Saturday night. The service was friendly and attentive, and the menu is interesting with lots of things I'd love to try. The kale, faro, and beet salad was a real favorite - yum. I would have given them five stars, except that they charge extra for fries with their burgers, which I find incredibly irritating. Don't do that, Strangelove's! Despite that, we'll be going back.Oster PO Boy sandwich was very good. My wife got the seared chicken and veggies. She said that it was very good too. For desert we got the Big Ass Brownie which was killer.I went for happy hour on a Wednesday so it wasn't packed as the more popular bars like Fox and Hound, Marathon, etc. Got a seat at the bar then a booth once my friends got there with no problem. Drafts are $4 during happy hour and included an awesome craft selection! Atmosphere was casual, yet still good enough to bring a date for beers. I did not try the cocktails or food. I would def come back for beers.Totally fell into this place while walking home one day and I'm so glad I did! 
They have around 10 craft beers on tap (I believe rotating) and some pretty knowledgeable staff. Our server had answers for all of our questions regarding the food and drinks. My friend is gluten free AND vegetarian, so just imagine the amount of questions we threw at this poor guy. 
We started with Brussels sprouts, which were definitely in the top 5 I've had in Philly. For my main, I ordered the pork burger with red pepper chimichurri, red onions, and cotija cheese. You know the emoji with the heart eyes? Yeah, that's me right about now. The sandwich was large but definitely manageable with just my hands. I chose fries instead of salad (because at this point...) and had a side of sumac dressing for dipping. The sumac dressing is amazingggg. It would be great for dipping veggies and such. 
We also spent a good 2 hours here and were never rushed. This is so rare in restaurants, which I understand from a business perspective, but I'm just tryna wine and dine. 
Can't wait to come back!The service here is great. I was very happy that there are some very delicious options for vegans and I was able to bring my carnivorous friends who also had a great meal. The spinach saag (the only dish I can have being vegan and gluten free) is out of this world. 4starts because I've been there 5 times and the sometimes the dish is differentGreat beer selection. Hitachino Ginger beer was great. Limited till keg kicked. Did not eat....but beer selection worth the trip.We came for Happy Hour, enjoyed the sour plum beer and cider, and then stayed for dinner .... Food was delicious, service was incredible, and the environment was relaxing and perfect for relaxation with friends!I had heard good things about Strangelove's before impulsively deciding to stop in last night for dinner. Unfortunately, it didn't live up to the hype for me. The food was just 3 stars but this was one of those cases where the service was good (only fair to add points for service if I also take points away for it too) enough that I added a star.
The waitress was knowledgeable and answered every question about the food and drink menu off the top of her head. I was quite impressed. They also cleared our plates quickly as well.
The Teriyaki Chicken Lettuce wraps I had were good. It tasted fresh but extremely salty...even for Teriyaki. We also had the mushroom croquettes which was good but not great either. I also had a bite of the veggie burger, and I know it's a bit unfair to judge something after just one bite, I wasn't a fan (I mean other than the fact that it was a veggie burger). 
Strangelove's gets points for a strong craft beer selection and Happy Hour going until 7...I mean who eats dinner during the 4-6 Happy Hour anyway? I'm usually still at work. 
The food, however, gets no more than 3 points from me but the service was a solid 5.
Points: Service, Happy Hour
Nothing negative..but also nothing other than service that was a real positive.I wish we lived closer to this place. The food is always good and the beer selection top notch for the neighborhood. 
If it's not too busy I hope you get to check out that bar upstairs. It's really cool. 
Service always good; prompt and knowledgable.Strange Love is a great place to go for a craft beer and casual meal. The bar is open and inviting. The two floors provide plenty of space to find a spot for small groups. Centrally located so great for happy hour or later in the night.Loved this place. I went here with a group of 8 for lunch. The food is super yummy. We had a delightful cheese plate, the pretzel bites and the popcorn. For the main course I had the veggie burger which was huge and delicious. Large beer selection. Great, friendly servers. Would go back in a heartbeat.I stumbled into Strangelove's one day with a friend and comfort food cravings galore. We split the duck and sausage gumbo and the burger with a side of broccoli and cheddar casserole. They were both freaking awesome.
Everything on the menu is familiar but with a delicious twist that makes it really hard not to over order. The beer list is killer and the bartenders were enthusiastic and gave great recommendations. What was supposed to be a quick bite turned into a long, beer laden dinner complete with migration upstairs to partake in a lively session of quizzo.
The service upstairs was just as good and we threw in an order of pretzel bites that were so fluffy and perfectly salty that they didn't even need the three different fancy mustards they came with - though they were excellent additions.
Since I've returned once, and while it didn't hold up to the perfection of my first visit, it was still totally solid and worthy of recommendation.My first visit to Strangelove's was for lunch. I have gone a couple more times for brunch. And every time I go it is a requirement that I get the French Onion Dip. Because seriously, the dip is like the best dip I've ever had. Smoky in flavor and creamy in texture, it pairs up perfectly with their super crispy chips.
Brunch is no slouch; the Eggs Benny are on par with any other awesome brunch spot.
They are known for their draught/craft rotating beer listing and their have a nice sleep bar to spotlight that. I always find something new that I want to try whenever I'm there.
And come on, a name that references Kubrick AND Depeche Mode?  Gotta love that. May I reiterate: GET THE DIP!Stopped in late on a Friday because I was in town for a conference and couldn't seem to get enough food for days. 
Strangelove had a great ambiance, good service, and delicious food.  I'm a bit of an oxymoron being a vegetarian from New Orleans, so I was intrigued by a "vegetarian" muffaletta. 1) it was delicious 2) I want to eat it all day every day.  
I took my sweet time eating it because I was exhausted, and the staff didn't care.  
I wish I lived in Philly.  Maybe I should move there, cause they're doing a "vegan beer dinner" with pairings, and I desperately wish I could get in on that.After my first visit, I had no idea I had been so touched by this place. It was just another bar in another city, but as I found myself actively trying to search for it, I realized how much it meant to me. I vaguely remember what I ate, maybe some tacos, or perhaps an empanada. I know I had a few of their draft craft beers, but don't ask me the names.
I remember a great conversation with the afternoon bartender. I remember how the white marble bar top cooled me in the middle of a beer blush. I remember how the mellow post-lunch crowd turned into a teaming dinner rush, and how the staff handled the evolution flawlessly.
Even now as I sip a Malbec and dig into the steak fries with a thick house ketchup, I know my life will be the same. But there's something about the way the whiskeys are set on their shelves, something about the soundtrack, and something about the atmosphere that will keep me coming back.I've been here a few times and every time I leave with the "I really need to write a review!" feeling.  
Most recently, I planned a happy hour for a big group of about ~20 people.  I didn't plan very far in advance, and it was on a Friday, but when I called, they were extremely accommodating and said it was no problem.  My group started showing up around 5 and we ended up staying until around 12.... so I guess happy hourS is more appropriate. The food was delicious (GET THE HAM AND CHEESE!!!), the service was fast and friendly - and the prices were right both during and after happy hour.a really hip, neat place.  not huge, but very comfortable.  modern, but not obnoxious.  cam here for a very late breakfast.  food was outstanding.  decent beer list and great bloody marys.  service is top notch with fast service & friendly advice.  walk in front and there is a small standing area.  on the right is the bar with maybe 8 stools.  opposite the bar along the entire wall are lower eating tables/booths.  the bar top is stone and the bar back is simple.  does contain a mirror and hdtvs.  on the top is a chalkboard with beer menu.  overall, just comfortable and easy like a bar should beer.  great food to boot and highly recommended.Had an incredibly disappointing "experience" here Saturday. Reserved a space 6 weeks ago for a 31st birthday and everything was piss poor from start to finish. Hours-old food was left out from a previous party, no glassware when we arrived at 10pm, and horrendous excuse for service. Were told by snooty bartenders that it is "the owner's policy" to have a 2 drink maximum on liquor drinks. Would have been nice if I was told such a stupid thing when booking! When I questioned Lisa about it she stated that it was a "beer bar" - which I am well-aware of - but I had no idea that friends that chose to drink vodka sodas would be humiliated and handed a water.I have  been here for brunch two times and have enjoyed it both times. The beer selection is great and the staff is knowledgeable. I have friends who know nothing about craft  beer, have stated what they like in a beer, and our witty waiter produced a suggestion that definitely pleased their palates.
You should definitely try the Strangelove's burger. The amalgamation of flavors is surprising and well played. I am a sucker for any po'boy, and last time had to try the catfish po'boy. Simply put, it was delicious. Perfectly fried catfish on a perfectly crusty roll. Also, the coleslaw is bangin'.
I always have to give major props to waiters who pleasantly handle our large, boisterous crowd. Dear red-headed sir, I do not remember your name, but you have dealt with my friends and I on more than one occasion, and you're awesome.Met a couple college friends here for happy hour while visiting Philly for the weekend. Drink specials are pretty great, in the $4 to $6 range depending on what you order. I'm also from Boston where Happy Hour is but a beautiful myth so this was a big treat for cheapo me. 
I had the Chardonnay ($5 per glass) which I wouldn't normally order (more of a red wine lady) but it was on a tap and lightly effervescent like a Prosecco. I can't say no to bubbles. My friends who ordered beers were very happy as well. They have a great selection of interesting styles and flavor profiles, not just 8 different kinds of IPAs.
Happy hour snacks were less of a steal. They were delicious (we ordered taquitos and fried green tomatoes) but incredibly small so the $5 price wasn't really a deal and almost impossible to share between more than 2 people. They're not ripping you off, but you pay for what you get instead of the usual HH steal. 
Only reason for 1 star downgrade was spotty service. Our waiter was very friendly and attentive when we first arrived, but as the bar got busier he wouldn't stop by our table for long stretches of time. One of my friends finally just went to the bar to buy himself a beer. They were also out of the first two things I tried to order for dinner. It could be a fluke, but if they run out of two different dishes on the same night I have to wonder if they just don't manage their inventory well. I did finally get the fried chicken sandwich which was excellent!Strangelove's has earned a spot as my new favorite, neighborhood bar. The tap list is tight but deftly curated, and the beers are reasonably priced to boot. The ambiance is appropriate for most occasions, quiet and intimate enough for a casual date but open enough for a few beers with your buddies.
The food hits the mark as well, though is a touch pricey given the quantities. I opted for the mussels as a light entree and was presented with a nicely sized bowl of bivalves. The mussels did not taste fishy and swam in a broth redolent with crawfish butter and spicy andouille. Sopping this crustaceany, oceanic, and piquant broth up with the crusty white bread provided proved highly enjoyable and complemented my beer quite well. A vegetarian dining companion ordered Strangelove's vegan chorizo tostadas, which will fool even the most devout of carnivores. The portion was scant, as only two tostadas come in a $13 order, but the dish is a great herbivorous option. Another friend, recently having visited New Orleans, advocated for Strangelove's po-boys and hailed them as similar to what he enjoyed in NOLA. Those sandwiches come only with chips, coleslaw, or a salad, unfortunately, and fries are extra.
You might run up the bill fairly high at Strangelove's if you're famished, but for beers and a somewhat light dinner this place fits the bill. I am eager to return to try their brunch or simply enjoy a few brews. Worth a stop for Southern-esque food in Wash West.Brunch, wow! We came here not knowing what to expect. After leaving a place that tried to serve us eggs, that had been sitting under a heat lamp for 15min, we strolled in to StrangeLoves. Our server and host Chris was amazing, he didn't miss a beat! The Bloody Mary's were the best I'd ever had and the food was no short change either, we started with the wings; which were perfectly cooked and I had the shrimp and grits; which were so flavorful and delicious. StrangeLoves is a winner for me and has become a fav. We have already planned to return and share StrangeLoves with our friends.Lunch review: went here for their express lunch special. It was good food with a great price. For $14 per person, we were stuffed and still had leftovers for later. 
My husband got the Duck/sausage gumbo - duck was a nice touch, soup was nice and smokey but overall, slightly bland; Turkey Cobb Sandwich - huge sandwich with a wonderful aoli sauce that is tangy with a little spice to it. He got chips to go with his sandwich, which tasted homemade but pretty greasy. 
I got the Pretzels - great great starter, the homemade mustards were delicious and the pretzels were nice and buttery (some would complain that it's almost too buttery, but I don't believe in such things); and the Catfish Po'boy - huge sandwich again, nicely battered with a nice meaty piece of catifsh. Went great with their homemade slaw. 
Overall: would definitely come back for lunch, prices are a little steep for dinner, but we may drop by if we're in the area. The hubs definitely wants to dive into their extensive beer menu.As a vegan, I always love coming across places that have multiple options from which I can choose. I went with the veggie burger, which was very good (a mix of beets, lentils, and sunflower seeds) with a lightly and pleasantly dressed salad on the side. My parents can attest to the quality of the regular burger and the warm pretzel bites. The staff was very friendly and accommodating with any questions. I would definitely go again when I'm in town.5 stars for beer, 3.5 stars for food.  This is now the 3rd beer bar to occupy this space since the previous owners renovated the old Doc Watson's.  I hope this one sticks.  The new owners have kept the taps in place and added two handpumps downstairs so there are always two cask beers on tap, very nice.  Had a few Victory Headwaters pale ales last night off the pump and they were pretty much perfect.  This is the best beer bar in the city.
Food is also good from what I've tried.  They do a good burger (though the burger options on the menu have too much stuff on them, I ordered mine without) and I also liked the catfish po' boy I had.  Not crazy about the Cajun theme and Catahoula arguably does it slightly better, but the menu is more than good enough to complement the beer.  Definitely try the brownie if you're feeling like dessert, it's pretty splendid.The anticipation of Strangeloves opening made my friends and i slightly crazy, as we loved boilermaker ( the spaces previous occupant). If your looking for sultry and dark you wont get that here.
Stopped in for drinks with some friends for HH , they only offer specials on domestic beers, no cocktails , wine or bar bites. Im not really an ipa kind of gal but im making a point to try so when i asked for a taste of the bars signature beer from manyunk brewey i was told they don't do that since all of their beers are great and at a good price point. I probablty made a weird face in shock since most beer bars that offer uncommon drafts offer a sample and suprisisgly  a small sample made its way to the bar and though it didnt wow me i ordered one while i waited for my friends to arrive.
I will say they offer varied food options for everyone and there were quite a few vegan friendly options. We decided on the popcorn that came with some spice and some cotija cheese, and brown butter. Id order the popcorn again it was a pretty decent size  3 of us split it.
I need to try more menu options however the drink options for me were limited since i dont do alot of brews. Wines by the glass are unimpressive and they dont have cocktails but the do have a full bar of philly favoritesThis bar is excellent! Beer selection is great. The ambiance is modern. The food is good too. The prices are kind of high, but considering what they have to offer its worth it. One thing is feel passionately about is the same sex bathrooms with communal sinks. I believe this setup is the way of the future for gender identity in the modern worldMy boyfriend and I stumbled upon this place last night when we were looking for another bar that apparently doesn't exist anymore. What a great random find! 
We chose to sit upstairs in the less crowded dining room.  We caught the tail end of happy hour and quickly ordered some beers and small bites.  Their happy hour beer special included all domestic drafts for $4.  Great beer selection.  
Our $4 bites included homemade chips with a french onion dip, pickled vegetables, crispy mushroom torta and catfish bites.  They were all amazing but the catfish bites (5 juicy pieces of catfish breaded and fried) were a steal for $4. Next we ordered the gazpacho (tasty and a huge bowl for $6) and fried green tomatoes topped with lump crab.  The tomatoes were good but I wish they would have had a little more of the dressing on them. 
I had the shrimp etouffee which was the best etouffee i've had since I was in New Orleans last year. My boyfriend really enjoyed the shrimp po'boy, which says something because he went to college in New Orleans and is a bit of a po'boy snob. We split the vegan big ass brownie for dessert which did not at all taste vegan.  
Great little spot on 11th street.  I can't wait to go back and try some more food...this place is a pescetarian heaven.This review is based on the *vegan* menu items at Strangelove and they are SO GOOD. Every bite of food was fantastic. We ordered the Brussels sprouts (which sadly are no longer on their everyday menu), the vegan chorizo tostadas, and the smoked tempeh muffaletta. Seriously, the sprouts were probably the best I've ever had. The tostadas were beyond delicious and flavorful. Just a really good meal, with great service, in a really cool spot.I hate beer, but I love this beer bar!  We tried going to Strangelove a few weeks after they opened on a Friday night - 45 minute wait, not so much!  So, I promised we would try for another day.  One weekday evening, we were playing one of our favorite games "Where / What should we eat tonight?"  And Strangelove it was... 
There were so many menu items that looked appealing that we ended up ordering a hodge podge ... the wings (with shoestring carrots/celery and chunky blue cheese), mussels, duck/sausage gumbo, collard greens & SL burger!  All of this, plus beer and a cocktail for under $60 {insert shock & awe music}... 
The duck/sausage gumbo probably could have used a tad more seasoning.  The wings, mussels, and greens were really good.  BUT THAT STRANGE LOVE BURGER... WAS SOMETHING ELSE! Topped w/ a fried green tomato, BBQ sauce & goat cheese ... it was just as perfect and juicy as it could be.  I've since been having reoccuring thoughts, dreams & fantasies about this burger... alas, I understood why the restaurant was called "strange love."  B/c clearly, I would be having strange thoughts and twisted dreams about this burger for the coming days and weeks...   
In addition to going back for my new burger boo... I'm also looking forward to trying the gouda grits, fried okra & loaded tots!
Note: A 5th star is withheld b/c Strangelove is in desperate need of a cocktail menu.  I ordered a sidecar, which I felt was a fairly safe option, and it was just barely on this side of potable.Strangelove's is a great little neighborhood joint! Cool atmosphere, and really delicious and unique vegan options sprinkled throughout the appetizer, salad, and entree sections. Even a yummy vegan brownie dessert! I have yet to try their salads but I can say their beet veggie burger is crazy good, and the tempeh/olive muffaletta is one of the best vegan sandwiches I've had around the city. The brussel sprouts were also really yummy.
One star lost for a silly, yet disappointing mistake. Went there for brunch and ordered a beer-mosa, only to find that they make these with really awful orange juice from concentrate. Normally I wouldn't harp on a small detail like that, but it was so bad that I actually couldn't finish it. You guys are an awesome gastropub, do you really wanna ruin the taste of the craft beers with crappy juice? I think you can afford to at least spring for some tropicana instead of the stuff from a frozen carton...I have never been more disappointed in an establishment, more disrespected by management, or more saddened by the xenophobia presented by  a business.Great ambiance and craft beer on tap. Bartender was friendly and took care of us while watching the Warriors lose to the Cavaliers. Pulled pork sandwich and kale didn't combine well imo with Asiago cheese. The Yukon potato chips however were excellent. I could've had another full plate of those.Very cute location and punny Brunch dish names.
Although I did not drink, I would like to come back to try their brunch special drinks! 
Very laid back environment with an wood interior. Perfect for a girl's brunch date ( or guys :) ) 
Hope to come back. CheersReally liked the vibe of this place in close proximity to Jefferson hospital! They have a killer happy hour with $5 well drinks and $4 draft beers and a $5 house wine. I tried the corn fritter kiebalsa bites and they were delicious. Beautiful granite bar with plenty of room and a nice midtown crowd. Great selection of draft beers! I will return.I guess I should've know that it's a wine bar. That means no cocktails at all. They have a pretty good  beer and wine selection tho.
Food wise, they delivery too. I live really close so I decided to order mussels and roasted pork sandwich. Disappointed that they said that they don't have mussels, and the roasted pork sandwich that is $14, wasn't that great either.. It's more like a pulled pork sandwich on a bun that's prob worth $8 instead. 
The shop is cool tho, dark lighting, would be good for a dateUpdate: went for lunch today-food and service again were exemplary  had tostada, catfish po-boy, food was on par w recent lunch at Barbuzzo. 
Based on a Tue night, 6:30pm visit.
I'll go with a five star rating because I had a first rate experience from start to finish.  The waitress was lovely, personable, I noticed she interacted more with me, who is open to chatting, and less with a couple next to me who just wanted to order and eat.  To me, that indicates the server is present, and not tuned out.  She knew a lot about the food and made me feel welcome.  When I dine alone, sometimes I feel the wait staff write me off, and the hostess gives me a throwaway table, but the experience at Strangelove's was the opposite.  
And the food--I had pretzel nuggets to start, buttery, decadent, piping hot, served with three different home-made mustards, one w. violet, one spicy, one more grainy, so good!!  Had a burger w. goat cheese and some sort of spicy sauce, it had some heat, which took me awhile to get used to, once I relaxed into it, I enjoyed it.  The meat was perfectly cooked, the bun was fresh, soft, but held all the ingredients.  Not sure I loved this dishes flavors, but it was so perfectly prepared.  The person who brought it out was present, and seemed to care about the food he was presenting.  
Also had cheese grits topped with green onions.  This was absolute perfection, creamy, but each bite was somewhat al dente.  
There was some sort of company party in the space upstairs so I was worried that the kitchen wouldn't be at its best, but there is some major mojo going on, ie. food made with love and great skill.  I'm not expecting that I would like everything on the menu, but when it is so well prepared and presented, I'm likely to visit again and again!!
Has a slight hipster vibe but smart enough to handle adult customers w. care.  (me--I'm a six five bald guy in business casual attire).A great hidden gem tucked away on 11th street! The darker lighting and layout creates a cozy and inviting atmosphere, with tables tucked away here and there perfect for conversation. The warm pretzel bites were delicious with the house mustard, and the tempeh toast was a great vegetarian twist. The veggie burger was easily one of the best I've had in the city! Bursting with flavor with the sweetness of the beets, punch of spice from the harissa and crunchiness of the cucumber slaw. The beer list does a great job of highlighting local brews, and service was attentive and welcoming.Awesome draft list, even better brunch. If you're a Bloody Mary fan, this is the place to get one. The dinner menu could be bigger but the food they have is delicious.I was very impressed with the seared chicken sandwich. It was both filling and delicious! The golden chips were addictive being the perfect crunch. Service was fast and they were all very friendly. I would definitely go back!Came by with a few friends for lunch based off of a recommendation. I ordered the fries and wings and my girlfriend got a burger. The fries and spicy ketchup were delicious. The wings with blue cheese crumbles were amazing. The celery and carrot slaw was a little bit weird but still good. Will be back!Awesome beer selection. Great service. The veggie burger is made from beets and lentils and is maybe my favorite one ever? 
Highly recommend. Looking forward to coming back for happy hour.We had just finished seeing the wonderfully funny show #Harvey when we decided to walk up Walnut St. to see if we could find a nice warm and inviting place to sit, have a drink and enjoy the day. 
We found ourselves on 11th St. when Strangeloves seemed to grab us (in a nice way). 
It was just before 3:00P so the place was only moderately busy. Good for us. We were greeted warmly and shown to a nice table toward the middle of the room. 
Our waitress arrived promptly and was very helpful with menu as this was our first time. I ordered a beer on tap(there's a ton) and my wife ordered a glass of red wine. 
We were having dinner later so we didn't want to eat too much. We chose two things from the appetizer menu. My wife had the chips and onion dip. The chips are great! All home made and very flavorful. I highly recommend this place.Such a cute place! We came here for drinks on a Thursday night. Fairly priced and nice ambiance.Cool place. I love the red shirts worn by the servers. Is that weird? Oh well. My server was Brian and he made me laugh. Thanks!
I had the wings and my friend had the French toast. The next time I stop by I will have the French toast because there was whipped cream and caramel and nuts AND syrup to be had!
What else? I like the name of the restaurant.I went there for a Saturday brunch and the place was dead! Only a couple people at the tables..I think the evening ambience is better with bar lighting and better music. The place is easy to miss and I've lived in the neighborhood for a year and never noticed it! 
Food was decent, and I'll give them points for creativity with vegan options..I ordered the beet burger and a side of greens (pic shown here)...burger was interesting, not bad! The harissa mayo added a little needed kick to the flavor. The green salad looked pretty with the thin guava slices. Price was about average (maybe 2-4 dollars more relatively)...the burger was surprisingly not filling..better to order with the fries. The server recommended the vegan nachos as having more flavor..will need to try that another time. Good selection of drinks, decent ambience, and good location..check it out sometime for happy hours (better deal) of dinner (better ambience).Great veggie burger, fries and beer selection. Always good music and the art is worthy of a tour. Fun fun fun.I think that my actual review is 3.5*, but I am rounding up because of how much I love the beer list. Here is a quick summary of my evaluation of Strangelove's, in case you care not read about the details: beer - 5*, service - 4*, food - 3*. 
Beer: the star of the show at Strangelove's. If you are a beer geek and feel that tinge of remorse when you walk into a place with a genuinely good beer list because you've already had everything on the list, Strangelove's is for you. Their list is 2 standard deviations from the mean, with several exotic options that even the geekiest beer geek may not have had. 
Service: the upside is that their servers are very nice people. The downside is that they seem to have some serious issues getting food out of the kitchen in a reasonable rhythm. Now, this could just be a pet peeve of mine, but the cardinal sin of food service is bringing out my appetizer at the same time as my entree. I can't handle it. I seriously want to freak out when that happens. But I did not. I smiled, thanked the waitress, and deducted a star for it. The other kind of annoying thing was that they would not bring out the salad that came with my sandwich first, before the sandwich. I've never been denied that request before. Otherwise, service was good. 
Food: I thought the food was good, but was a little underwhelmed. We had the bean dip appetizer, which was a little flat. I had the shrimp po-boy, which was good, but not great. The salad it came with was tasty, 
Overall, I would recommend Strangelove's for some good beer, but I would go elsewhere for dinner. But it's worth noting that they are still very new, so perhaps the food and pacing of service will come together.I came here for an interview dinner and by far made an excellent impression. Service was excellent, waiters were knowledgeable and courteous. I'm not an avid beer drinker, so I was easily lost with the menu. Waiter was excellent with top choices depending on your palate. I had the Ichtegem's Grand Cru, if you have a predilection for red wine. I would recommend it highly! 
Great range of appetizers. I had the roasted flatiron steak for my entree dish... Medium well was perfect for my liking. Very scrumptious and savory meat. Not too big of a fan of the broccoli and cheddar because cheese overload isn't my thing being an Asian ;P My fellow applicant next to me had the pork tenderloin over bed of mashed yams and bits of bacon. Apparently also appealing to the palate lol! 
And finally desserts:  recommend the peanut butter pie. Layers of chocolate and creamy peanut butter with whipped cream. If you dig chocolate, try the Bad Ass brownie ;p warm and filling and certainly bad ass :)Good, but not great. Excellent beer selection. However, meal portions were on the small side and many items were over-seasoned.I was visiting Philly and stumbled upon this place for Sunday brunch. It was fantastic! Great food--I had the shrimp and grits--yummy! Plus, great beer menu. Service was excellent and the decor was very fashionable--New Orleans chic---ish. I highly recommend it!Good beer variety. No flights, but half pours and tasters available. 
Had a veggie burger and joe burger- both good. Harissa sauce with veggie burger was spicy and delicious.
Mostly attentive service. Good experience.The place is nice and clean, the staff friendly, the food and drinks are adequate, happy hour specials are a good deal. What's not to like?The tempeh dish was not pleasant. My friend got it and it was inedible it tasted like a cadaver and was taken away but they offered no compensation and threw the dish out even though only 2 small bites were taken from the sandwich. We were charged for this dish and a second one we ordered to replace that horrible dish. Would not come back. 
I never write reviews but the dish was so horrible I had to make an account to warn others. Servers did not seem to care that we did not enjoy the dish.Loved the tofu and spinach. Very good vegetarian options. Will go again for sure!
Edit: Went again but they had removed all the vegetarian options I loved from the menu leaving only the traditional choices (burger and such).This review is for Happy Hour only (5-7pm on weekdays)!
I recently took some out-of-town friends to this place and felt the need to give this place some more (strange)love - this is a great spot for happy hour!
After failing to find a good Happy Hour with ample seating available on a Friday night, we were overjoyed to circle to Strangelove, which was well-occupied but not overcrowded and no wait! They have a decent selection of local brews on tap that are $4 during HH - we took advantage of this and happily had several glassfuls. 
For HH nibbles, I recommend the catfish bites - 4 pieces of perfectly fried catfish and a special tartar sauce. We didn't care for the mushroom ball things or chicken taquitos as much. 
Solid choice for happy hour, especially if you're looking to sit down and engage in conversations. They have an upstairs and service is consistently attentive on both levels. Would've been a 5-star had the half-priced bites been all as good as the fried catfish.This place rocks. We were here for a late lunch and there were only a handful of diners. We sampled a couple of the collaboration beers which were great. We tried a special app-shrimp Lejon-shrimp wrapped in bacon stuffed with horseradish and fried. Came with a horseradish dipping sauce. Really, really good. We also had the French onion dip and pretzel bites. Just enough food and all really good. The pretzel bites come with 3 mustard variations and the sumac mustard was the best- not to be confused with poison sumac. The bartender was great. I should have asked her name ads he was friendly and very knowledgeable. A couple celebrating their anniversary came in with a young child bandage went out if her way to make sure they had a great experience. I love this place.Oh my oh my ! If I could have a craft beer and strangeloves DELICIOUS chicken stew everyday I would! I hope they always keep it on the menu because it makes my tummy do the jitterbug everytime. 
Chicken stew my eyes are only for you. 
Xo
Your biggest fanDon't try to eat here if you have an expired ID! Despite the fact that my friend and I were not even drinking, Strangelove's refused to serve us food (at 6 o'clock, even!). Total bummer.
The vegan food is OK. The kale salad is great, but I wasn't crazy about the tempeh sandwich or the veggie burger. I've tried the tostadas, which are delicious but very little food. I'm sure I'll be back eventually to try some of the new menu items and see what this "big ass brownie" is all about, but I'm still a little bitter about having been turned away.It seems like third coat of paint is a charm for this place- the creepy vibes of Doc Watson's have finally dissipated. With any luck the curse of the location has been lifted as well- we had a great meal and hope when we come back the sign still says "Strangeloves".
We came in on Sunday evening and sat at the upstairs bar. Our Lizzy caplan-with-bangs bartender was spunky and enthusiastic- even though she had other customers she made some good beer recommendations based on our tastes. She and my girlfriend chatted about both being from Buffalo- I don't remember how it came up, LaBatt isn't even on the tap list!
Luckily our new friend steered us in the right direction about the beers. I like an IPA and I had something called High-line or High Five or something. I was hoping to try a sample before ordering but was told it was against their policy (I guess that's where the "STRANGE" comes in play). I did find it irritating that Strangeloves doesn't have descriptions of the beers. When places don't do that, it really seems like they are punishing me for not being hip enough to know all the obscure makes and models of every freaking pacific northwest micro-brew. I like to try new and interesting, but I don't want my taste buds or my wallet to be overwhelmed. I've been burned one too many times by ordering a rando beer and it being blueberry flavored or some sh!t. 
We did "LOVE" our food, though! I had the a bite of the conch fritters and a po'-boy. Both were excellent and fresh tasting. I didn't notice any weird timing like CHris M did. The pickle remoulade was excellent. I can see the Memphis Taproom influence.
All in all, it was a good experience. My GF and I decided we are going to wait a couple months till they work out those "new restaurant" kinks: let the beer selection be more user friendly (with tasting notes or anything more than a style).Nice selection of beer. Got a nice saison and friend had one of their porters. 
Atmosphere is chill, also serves food.Stumbled across this bar while walking back to our Airbnb and could not have had a better experience. The bartender Brian was super nice. He was very attentive, chatted with us, helped us with beer suggestions, and things to do around town. We walked in wanting to stay for a drink and ended up having several rounds because of his company. This place is great-great food and drinks, super chill, great atmosphere. We will come back next time we are in Philly!This is one of my favorite places to go for happy hour! They always have a ton of great beers on special and a decent selection of snacks to pair with them (beer and snacks all $4 Mon-Fri 5-7). I've munched on the chips and onion dip, popcorn, and conch bites (they were a little strange because they were heavy on the corn meal flavor). Also, the regular food menu is great and has a lot of veggie options. My favorite is the veggie burger, and you can order it with a salad to keep things healthy after all the not-so-healthy snacks.
Although this place looks small when you initially walk in, they have a huge upstairs area with a second bar and a bunch of tables. I hosted a birthday party here a few months back, and the staff were very accommodating. They gave us a large table upstairs, made sure to keep the drinks coming, and didn't mind that we brought a cake from an outside bakery. Everyone had a great time, and I would definitely recommend this place as a party venue!4 stars for the ambiance, beer selection and bartender attentiveness. Menu was underwhelming but a cool spot to go to on an early Saturday night.Fun for happy hour (it looks small below but there's an upstairs bar with seating areas, too!)Strangeloves is a really great beer bar. I was actually surprised to see so many collaborations;  Strangeloves partners with some good local breweries - Yards, Bullfrog, Victory, to name a few. Besides that, while the tap list is smaller, its well rounded.
The wife and I came here for their lunch special - $15 dollars for 2 courses + 1 non alcoholic drink. The food was top! Of course, we ordered the beer separately as we wanted to try some collaborations. While the collaboration beer was so so, they did have other local stuff from Tired Hands and Great Lakes. Nice!
I really enjoyed my time here. My only complaint was that the food came out a bit slow, not a big deal, but if youre in a rush, expect to send more time here then anticipated.I Brunched here to kick off a weekend long Birthday Celebration for a friend - and I was thoroughly impressed!  A very cool atmosphere, different (in the great way) music playing, and some unique menu items.
Service was very quick, friendly and knowledgeable - and nice!  I had already had a few mimosas in me, so I tried to order the Smoked French Onion SOUP, and it was not clicking to me that the menu item is actually Smoked French Onion DIP and homemade potato chips, haha!  The server was a doll who patiently got it through to me - and I must say, that French Onion Dip was DELISH!  I'll be back for that alone! :)
Plus, they have Beer Mimosas!  I love when places have their own thing going on.  I'm personally more of a Wino than a Beer drinker, so I went with a regular old Mimosa (which was delicious also) but liked the offering of something new!The staff here is wonderful! Couldn't ask for better servers, bar tenders, hostess, runners, chefs. Hope I didn't forget anyone. Nice selection of drafts. Small, albeit good food menus. I enjoyed the kale and beet salad with chicken. And you can't get a better cheese plate for the price. The late Happy Hour has good special prices and is great for those that have untraditional working hours.Great bar, awesome beer, fantastic bartenders. 
If the pork burger is on the menu it is a must. 
In house ground pork with a red pepper sauce and red onion rings.Given the ownership, it's no surprise Stangelove's is the perfect love child of Revolution Ale House and Memphis Taproom.  
Decor is nice, beer list is great (thanks for printing out menus with prices/descriptions!).  The $14 lunch special is great value.  I ordered a rare burger, and that sucker was red on the inside! I loved it, but it's a move for serious rare meat eaters only. 
Bottom Line: Strangeloves is good, and maybe more than the three stars I rated.  Incidentally, and contrary to yelpology, I don't think "only" three stars are bad.  Strangelove's needs to craft an identity that makes it a destination as much as other locations.Good little spot not too busy at noon on a Friday. Food was great, tried the veggie burger, cheeseburger, arugula salad, kettle chips, ricotta spread. The veggie burger was very fresh not very adhesive but flavorful. The cheeseburger was really good, it was flavorful and had a nice crunch but tender throughout. The chips were crispy, not greasy and seasoned well. The arugula salad with almonds, corn and dressing was delish!! The beer selection was good some local, some collaborations and a good variety. We tasted most of them as they offer small pours. Service was outstanding. Very attentive and quick.I went here about a month ago with some friends.  It has a nice ambiance, a pretty decent beer list, and friendly/nice servers.  I got the veggie burger and I can't really remember what my friends ordered.  (Everyone else had something meat-based). We got the peanut butter pie for dessert.  I wasn't overwhelmed with the food.  It was good, but not very memorable.  I wouldn't seek Strangelove's out in the future to go there, but if I was in the area and hungry, I'd consider it.I checked out Strangelove's with my wife and almost two year old daughter for a late lunch/early dinner to celebrate our ninth anniversary, and what a great decision it was. Service was impeccable - our waitress, who was also tending bar, was lovely, pleasant, quick and super knowledgable about both the food and the beer. The brew list was exceptional, including several collaborations with local breweries that cannot be had anywhere else. The food was on point for sure. We started following a recommendation from our server with the whipped ricotta appetizer. Simple and delicious, all three of us loved it. The arugula, grape tomatoes, toasted almonds and crusty sourdough bread was perfect with the flavorful but not super heavy ricotta. My wife went with the pork burger, and it was a sight to behold. A nice combination with flavor but not overly spicy - the roasted red pepper chimichurri and fried red onions complimented the pork burger well. Came with a choice of several sides, and the fries she chose were a big hit. I went fried oyster po' boy, and it was a great call. I love a good po' boy and this was right there with the better ones I have ever had. The oysters were that days special, with a slight briny start and a smooth, sweet finish. Fried to perfection and served with dill remoulade and lettuce and tomato, this was a great sandwich that didn't overpower or make me feel like I had eaten a cinderblock. I was delightfully satiated, and the yukon gold chips with it were crunchy and flavorful. We didn't get dessert but certainly will next time, several of the choices looked divine. Great brews, very fairly priced, exceptional service, great milieu, awesome food. Can't wait to go back. Might check out the brunch as well, menu for that looked strong. Tremendous.Loved trying this place while on a trip to Philly; it is just a short walk from the Convention Center. Overall, the food was decent: I had the pretzel bites and the Brussels sprouts. The pretzel bites were a bit on the overlooked/hard side, but definitely still good and with a delicious mustard-based sauce. The Brussels sprouts were cooked perfectly and came with a spicy dipping sauce that I loved! Great beer selection and great vibe--would definitely recommend for a quick bite to eat.There something really cool about this place that just immediately resonated with me.  I guess the first thing was the beer list.  I was content with my Russian River all night long.  The downstairs bar was packed so we made it up the stairs to the other bar, which was empty until we sat down.  It started to crowd a bit while we were there but never anything that would allow us to not enjoy our time spent.  We ordered a couple of small bites; mussels, brussels, and fried green tomatoes.  I wasn't overly impressed with the tomatoes but the rest received great reviews from the other two in my party.  I could not stop admiring all the exposed brick and contemporary bathrooms in the place (can you tell I'm renovating?).  This place is just cool in my eyes and in a part of town that we rarely find ourselves.  It seems as though we should get lost here more often!I have to admit, the wait-staff lets you talk, if you are with friends. 
We were there for a good, half-beer, before ordering appetizers, which the (House Made Potato Chips) Smokey French Onion Dip was delicious.
Once again, finished beer and finished app, later. We had to call the wait-staff over to order.
The Arugula salad was too wet with dressing and not vibrant enough with ingredients. However, my mouth was watering for the Strangelove's Fried Chicken. So, you can imagine my disappointment when the chicken was not cooked, and was told I would need to wait 20 minutes for a fresh order. --- The second order, chicken better cooked, but not cooked, like chicken should. (Chef Ramsey would be disappointed)
I am willing to try this place again, but will stick with more "bar fare". Though the menu is "mouth watering". :)Strange Loves is definitely one of the best restaurants I have went to. I ordered the Chicken Waterloo for the appetizer off the two for 15 menu. The soup consisted of shredded chicken, leaks, Potatoes, and carrots. The soup was not very watery which I loved. The chicken in the soup was some of the most tender I've ever had. For my main course I had the Catfish p'boy. This sandwich has everything I love. I don't know where they get their bread, but next time I go i will  definitely ask them. The bread was the most crispy and soft bread I have ever had in my life. Despite this it was still firm and held everything inside the sandwich. The Catfish was the highlight of the dish and was fried to perfection. It was shallow fried so it was not very heavy. The fillet was also light and crispy. The sauce; which I believe was aoli was nice and added a nice touch to the dish and paired nicely with the fish. The tomatoes and lettuce in the p'boy were very fresh.  The portion sizes are big for a good price. I had and option of coleslaw, fries, and chips. I chose the coleslaw because I thought it would compliment the p'boy nicely. The slaw was very refreshing and was very flavorful. The food was great but the service was great as well. The waitress was very friendly and the service was fast. In conclusion Strange Loves had great food and great service and I highly suggest you should go there if you happen to be in the city of Philadelphia.Fish & chips were excellent, with amazing jalapeno tartar sauce.
The waitress kept the beers coming for my colleagues, but never thought to refill my water or iced tea. Dehydration compromised my enjoyment of the meal.Great place for happy hour. Good selection of beers and food. The mushroom croquettes were yummy. They sat us at a table even though we were just there for happy hour. We ended up getting a beer, a glass of wine, and an app for $13. Can't beat that!5 stars due to a burger. The Joe Burger is good enough that even without considering other menu items, I have to give a perfect rating. I don't know who Joe is, but he makes a mean burger.Great beers on tap and awesome menu. Order the pretzels and they were amazing . Service was great and very helpful !I went here for happy hour on the first night of beer week and had a great time. I definitely recommend it!
They have a nice bar and good seating area. There were a lot of people there, but me and my friends had a table where we weren't at all crowded and could actually hear each other talk.
The beer selection was fantastic. There were about 15 great beers on tap (I'm not sure if they always have this many or if it was solely a beer week thing) and the happy hour prices were good for craft beer ($4 per glass/pint). They also had a good selection of interesting appetizers for $5-$10 (the bean dip was awesome!). 
The waiter we had was probably the most attentive and endearing server I've ever seen. He was really sweet and whenever he didn't have the answer to one of our questions, he found it out. He checked on us constantly, so we were never in want of anything. 
Great vibe, good atmosphere, great beer, and good food!The service was great - friendly and prompt. The food and drinks were so disappointing. We were drawn in by a good tap list and great food photos online but when we got there, the tap list was totally different, with lower par beers, and everyone at the table was struggling to find anything they wanted or liked. The burgers were half the size of the buns they were served on, and the fried chicken sandwich was the worst. It was the thickness of a slice of cheese, breaded cutlet style, not southern style, and SO BURNT. It was pretty much inedible and apparent the moment anyone looked at it. If you're not going to do something well, please just dont do it! The bread was chewy, and again overwhelmed the size of the meat. The Brussels sprouts app was good. Pretzel bites okay.  Wings looked good. If I had to go back, I would stick with those things but I will likely never go back.I went with my husband for drinks and dinner earlier tonight.  The food was pretty good.  We got the tater tots to share (not as crispy as I would like but pretty good).  I got the gumbo and the smoked gouda grits, and he got the turkey sandwich.  The food was quite good.  
I have several gripes about the beers, however.  (a) I agree with a previous reviewer (actually, I think we sat next to them) that every single beer comes out with a huge head, regardless of style.  Weird.  (b) The beer menu should specify the size of the pour.  When getting an IPA, I had assumed that it's a pint, but alas, it comes in these flute-snifter hybrid glasses instead.  That may also contribute to the super tall head -- we're talking about a 2.5 to 3 fingers' worth of head here.  (c) My biggest complaint, though, is the fact that tastes are not allowed.  I totally get it if it were a rare beer, and I am not expecting a big taste -- just an oz will be just fine.  The menus do not include any sort of description about the beers, just generic description of the style.  Plenty other craft beer places in the city are happy to give tastes (e.g., Varga, Tria, etc.).  In fact, the wait staff often brings you an extra so you can expand your horizon.  Part of their philosophy is to educate people about the different beers.  And on the practical side, if I try something and like it, I'm going to order it!  If you don't want to offer tastes, then offer flights.  And no, this is not a matter of cost; I simply do not want to order a beer that I may end up wasting.  
On the plus side, the draft list is pretty good -- covers a reasonable range of styles.
4/30 update:  Kudos to the business owner for writing to me personally.  I think that's great!Russian Kale salad, where have you been all my life. This place is great. Great beer, great staff, and a vast improvement from what was here before.This review is for Monday night quizzo - upstairs at 9pm. 
Our team name was : Labia Majora Leagues , we lost to Urethra Franklin
The beer list was full of beers I had never had before and they had a nice selection of sours. 
The game was fun, the crowd was nice , no cover or game participation costs. 
One of my teammates had the burger and chips. Looked really good. Will try the food the next time I'm in Philly.Awesome beer selection!! The bartenders know their drinks and the food is top notch as well. Good first date bar.Let's start with the name. It instantly reminds me of Dr. Strangelove which is just an amazing movie in itself. Ok, now for the good stuff.
Strangelove's has the hole-in-the-wall-bar-feel without actually being dingy, It's a bit cramped, but it's Philly. Most places are. Besides the close quarters, Strangelove's offers a unique craft beer list, good food, and awesome trivia (Monday nights!)
I had the Joe Burger which was very tasty. Nothing spectacular, but glancing at the rest of their menu, I'd definitely like to be a bit more adventurous the next time I order food. Can't remember the beer I ordered, I tried a few types, but that's most likely because I am no beer-buff and I probably ordered whatever sounded fun, 
All in all, check this place out for a relaxed, fun time.A cool place to hang out, a fun pub quiz on Monday nights, and a great beer selection. The food is good too. So glad this came to our neighborhood!Decent beer and the menu looked appealing. We ordered some boiled chili peanuts, worst nuts I've had in my mouth. They were not poorly done or poorly flavored, we just weren't fans of soft warm nuts. We realized that dry crunchy nuts are preferred.Went on a Friday night with a few friends for drinks only before having dinner elsewhere. The decor was nice and rather new but nothing that made it stand out or gave it charm, although they did have a few interesting paintings on the wall that were fun. I sat at the bar while there was a line of tables behind me along the length of the far wall of the downstairs. 
The bartender was very attentive and knew his beers. I had one beer while I was there, a pale ale brewed with figs. It was more fruity than hoppy and was quite fizzy. Wasn't crazy about the beer but was glad to try something I've never had before. Overall I enjoyed my experience, but nothing that was differentiated from any other normal bar in Philly.The first time that I came here for a drink, I didn't really stay long.  We were sitting downstairs, and it seemed like more restaurant than bar.  More recently, I went upstairs and liked the atmosphere better.  I could spend some time hanging out upstairs.  
The server that we had was not really knowledgeable about what she was serving, but there were some interesting things on tap.
I'd be interested in trying the place again.This place has some nice vibe, good natured bartenders and cheap beers during happy hour. We had reserved the upstairs area for a business event and the staff were really accommodating to orders and brought up the food just in time. No real complaints.I am 21, and one of the reasons why I came here was because of the great beer selection. One of the people I was with, in a group of 5, was not 21. Apparently this place has a rule that prohibits serving alcohol to anyone at a table where anyone is under 21. So, when I ordered a beer, everyone at the table was IDed, and I was told I could not be served alcohol just because one person at our table was under 21. I have never heard of any rule like this, and I think it is ridiculous.
To add to this, the duck and sausage gumbo I ordered had little flavor, very little duck, and a few small pieces of slices andouille. I ordered the short rib as an entree, though the menu should have probably said "mashed potatoes with shortrib" rather than vice versa. There was a pathetic amount of meat on a bed of acceptable, but nearly cold, mashed potatoes. The shortrib itself was off the bone already, which was unexpected, and consisted of a few small pieces, some of which were significantly more tender than others, leading me to believe these pieces didn't even come from the same rib, or were cooked separately to begin with. Food was fair to mediocre, and I wouldn't go back.Our server Chris was so genuinely nice and attentive. Always had a smile on his face. Came for date night and we were really, really satisfied. The food was awesome and the service was great!I like Strangelove's for happy hour! I arrived earlier than my girlfriends and the host let me sit at our table without them for at least 20 minutes so I wouldn't lose the table. Service was very nice, wine was good, and food was decent. We loved the pretzel bites! Good beer selection as well here.Can't believe that it was my first time at Strangelove's this past Monday. I had only heard good things and it did not disappoint. 
This place felt comfortable as soon as you walk in. Attentive staff. Awesome draft list and 5-7pm happy hour with a lot of drafts at $4 and a $4 appetizer menu. 
I ordered the mushroom croquettes (off the HH menu) and the Strangelove's burger with goat cheese & fried tomato. Both were very good! Flavors blended perfectly together. I'm so excited to go back soon to try more things!I stopped in on the advice of a shop keeper on Antique Row.  I was not disappointed!!  I ordered a specialty beer and a Strangelove's Burger, and they were both delicious.  The service was great and the bathroom was clean.
Honestly, for a tourist who is just wandering, this is one of the places you just HOPE you find.  A local haunt that is awesome!  Strangelove's is the real thing.  
You will love it!Outstanding experience from beginning to end, both in service and the delicious food. Having lunch with four co-workers I have to say that each and everyone had a perfect lunch provided to them. We chose the express lunch option where we got to choose an appetizer and main along with soda or tea all for $14. Several us started with The Gazpacho with panzanella salad, which was possibly the best Gazpacho I have ever had. The panzanella was really crisp croutons placed on top of the soup, which had a thick broth full of vegetables. It also had a slightly spicy flavor most likely from the smoked paprika added to it. Our server always had the water glasses filled, and our sodas refreshed. Some ordered the Arugula salad with pickled vegetables, which had slices of watermelon radishes, which were pickled in house and resembled slices of watermelon. The Joe Burgers were big and juicy and my Catfish Po-Boy had a perfectly cooked piece of fish and a excellent dill pickle remoulade , which came with a choice of mirliton coleslaw or house made Yukon gold chips. I asked for the slaw but got the chips (which were excellent crisp and just the right amount of salt) when I told the server she quickly brought out a large crock of slaw and I got to have both. We just had enough room to share some desserts; the Nutella Mousse Whoopie Pie with chopped toasted hazelnuts brought two large chocolate pies that were fantastic. The server thoughtfully brought us dishes and extra forks even thought we told her we would just pass around the plate; the Lemon Icebox Cream Pie with chocolate cookie crust was creamy heaven. The extra chips and one of the Whoopie Pies were carefully boxed and marked as to what was inside along with today's date. I have not received this level of service and quality of food in restaurants that are fancy white tablecloth establishments at twice to three times the price. It looks like they have a nice selection of beers that are poured in appropriate glasses. We will be back. Can not wait to try out the happy hour.   Thanks for a great lunch.Went there for a drink last night with a group of friends. This place is spacious, we were seated upstairs. They have a nice selection of beer and some wine. The server was very nice and friendly. I ordered creme brulee, it was very delicious. The same quality as Caribou cafe, but less expensive. 
Good place for friends hanging out. Better ambiance than a dive bar, but very laid back environment.
Will go back to try their happy hour, which is $4 drink! Yay!Came here a few days ago with a friend and I'm a fan. The bar/restaurant has a cozy ambiance, and the servers are very friendly. The menu was a bit small and the selection was kind of boring, but they did have a great drink selection. Would definitely recommend this place.Great beer selection, nice atmosphere, good veggie and carnivore options and good service. So glad this place is in the 'hood. I'll be back.We came for a late brunch and it was comfortably crowded. The fried tomatoes app was really flavorful and different...in a good way. My chicken avocado Arugula salad was really light but filling. My friend's tempeh sandwich was awesome. We split the brownie three ways and it was the perfect end to a great weekend meal. Only thing I didn't love was the communal table seating...I like having my own table. Obviously not a big deterrent though!This odd little beer bar/restaurant in the heart of the theater district offers what purports to be New Orleans-with-a-twist cuisine via Chef Paul Martin of Café Nola fame. My appetizer was the Fried Green Tomatoes with lump crab, cucumber, cherry tomatoes, and ravigote dressing. I had seen pictures of this on various web sites and I must forewarn you that it will likely be one of the nicest things you'll ever sink your teeth into this summer. The cornmeal dusted tomatoes are so juicy and flavorful. The combination of the crab, cucumber, tomatoes, and dressing is simply euphoric. Every bite is delicious. My friend Chris ordered the Duck and Sausage Gumbo with Carolina rice, tilefish, and green onions, a hearty stew filled with all kinds of goodness. I love it. For our entrées, Chris had the Shrimp Arugula Salad, which was underwhelming. Seasoned, grilled shrimp are added to a plain salad. Nothing fancy. I had the Crispy Pork Belly with maque choux and blackeye pea salad. The pork belly was lightly crisped on the outside and deliciously moist on the inside. Each bite was full of intense pork flavor, from the crispy rind-like skin to the tender, pull-apart white meat. Maque choux is a mixture of corn, green peppers, cherry tomatoes, and onions. Strangelove's version contains diced roast pork. I wouldn't mind eating this dish again and again. The Big Ass Brownie also deserves special mention. A jumbo-sized cut of dark chocolate brownie slathered with drippy cream cheese frosting and toasted coconut was an instant hit with us.We came here on a Saturday afternoon. Cool ambiance with soft music in the background. We had the wings and a Joe Burger. The food was great and so was the service. The bartender (Lisa) was very friendly and attentive.This is a great place to chill with a bunch of friends. Food is great, especially for the veggie and vegan folk. Just be patient if you go on the weekend, it does get crowded but it's worth it. I suggest reservations. A must is the vegetarian nachos!Not sure why this bar has good reviews. Been here twice and disappointed both times. Rude, unfriendly and unhelpful bartender and a bland vibe.Strangelove's is a place that I know I can get a very good meal at and find some beer that I most likely haven't tried yet.  Their menu is fresh, inventive and reasonably priced.  Their beer list changes frequently given that they have special batches from some of the locals just for them (ahem ahem, Tired Hands)  It's a spot that I bring out-of-towners or a place that I just stop in because I know I won't be disappointed.
I've eaten a variety of items here and I haven't been disappointed.  Everything for me is just very very good.  I find the menu has enough for both meat eaters and vegetarians alike with a special nod to the vegetarians.  I think their menu is very balanced with both quantity of items and thought given to both sides.  Vegans also can find several items here that will suit their dietary needs.
Another great thing about this bar is that it has space.  The first floor has a decent size bar with 10-12 four tops.  The upstairs bar probably seats the same amount with less tables.  Restrooms are also located on both floors.
Knowledgeable staff, great beers and awesome food.  If you're around 11/Walnut, this is a place that you want to stop in.How have I not reviewed this place? Maybe because I want to keep it from everyone. I'm sad to not be as close to this bar as I use to be. The bartenders are always super friendly, there's always a great beer list (had many a Pliny The Elder here) and the food is always solid. I have had dreams about their chicken sandwich...yes, a chicken sandwich. The pimento cheese isn't my mom's but it'll do. The menu has a New Orleans-slant thanks to the chef that was in place upon opening and they are still doing it as well, or better, as most in the city. If things are crowded downstairs, head upstairs which will most likely have room. Also check out happy hour and their late night happy hour on Tuesday...good deals on both food and drink.Strangelove's was pleasantly surprising.  Came here with friends without much of an appetite.  I ordered the plancha grilled shrimp (small) which was really flavorful, and the rice was cooked to perfection.  The beer battered peanuts and the warm pretzel bite appetizer were pretty good as well.  Most intriguing, however, was the beer list.  I had two fantastic beers (Leipziger Pineus and Funk Savage Saison), the quality of which I've only had at higher priced establishments.  The only turn-off about my experience were the bathrooms.  They are gender neutral with an outside communal sink, which didn't bother me, but the paper thin walls between stalls did.  All in all though, Strangelove's is a great spot.Had dinner there Saturday evening with a friend. The food was excellent and the staff was friendly, courteous and knowledgeable. The kitchen was quick to get the food out to us despite the restaurant being fairly full. 
I had the duck and pork gumbo which was very good. It was spicy but not overbearingly so. The catfish po boy was fantastic  
There is a wide selection of craft beers as well as a complete bar. 
I'd definitely go back again.Definitely a good spot to go for drinks, apps, and maybe even dinner.  Plenty of bar space for mingling as well.  Paradoxically spacious and cozy at the same time, the upstairs and downstairs are flanked by rows of sleek candle-lit wood-paneled booths midst dark walls and Christmas lights.
The food was superb - I can speak to the:
mushroom soup($7): creamy, savory, with plenty umami. Perfect for a cold wintry evening.
duck and sausage gumbo($13): smoky, brothy, and warm
greens salad with chicken ($12): tender and juicy meat, slathered with a spicy guacamole, and decorated with radishes, fennel, and sliced green olives.  Less lettuce than I would like, but that's normal.
The beers pleased everyone ($6-8 ea).  Favorites being a 15% abv barleywine and a Dogfish dirt wolf.  No cocktail menu but they host my favorite liquors - Tito's vodka and Bluecoat gin.  
Service was a little slow in the beginning. I think they were understaffed.  
In this wintry weather, I will definitely be back.Went here after dinner on a Friday night and really enjoyed the laid back and causal atmosphere. Sat at the bar and the service was spot on. The bar tender was very friendly and was able to provide insight and information on the beers on tap. We enjoyed a great local selection of beers on tap. The upstairs bar was expansive but was closed. It looks like they can hold a lot of people when needed. Will come back for food tasting and more drinks for sure.Darn, I was almost the first to review! 
We made it to the Grand Opening of Strangelove's last night, and I can't wait to return! The place is enormous and the servers were very knowledgable about the beer menu. Speaking of which, the draft list was incredible! I had my favorite Allagash White, and my boyfriend "fell" for the Love Stout.
The free food samples were great, especially the catfish po' boy and the mushroom flautas, but I will have to come back to have a real meal here. I'm already eyeing up the burger and the kale salad. The menu looks like it is right up my alley!I went here on Friday with a friend for drinks. The bartenders were friendly and there were two bars--one upstairs and one downstairs. Though it's relatively spacious, it still has a warm, cozy feeling to it! I plan to go back again soon. It looks like a great place for groups as there are 2 very long bars and booth seating.I've been to Strangelove twice and really enjoyed it both times. It's really cute inside, with plenty of seating both up and downstairs. I especially enjoy their beer selections. My boyfriend enjoyed a whiskey here. For the second round, the bartender gave him a better and different whiskey to try, and he loved it. I also appreciated how the bartender checked to see if we can occupy a table near the bar, even though we were only ordering drinks and not food. It's little things like that- suggesting a different and better whiskey, going the extra mile to make sure we're comfortable, that really gives them 5 stars.Definitely worth a trip for the food alone. The amount of food for the price is fantastic.  We had the roasted turkey cobb, kale salad and side of their smokey fries.   All was fantastic and plentiful.  The amount of fries (which are more like wedges) was about 4 full potatoes worth. And their homemade ketchup is the only one I've had that tastes like ketchup and also has a little kick. Fantastic all around 
The drinks and beer selection looked abundant and interesting.
Definitely go!!My gf and I found Strangelove's in the hunt for a Friday night dinner spot for us and another couple:  we are vegans, they are not, and all of us love good beer.  Strangelove's fit the bill.  They have a ton of vegan items, and the food is SO GOOD.  As in, I pulled our waitress over to confirm that our tostadas were in fact vegan.  They were that amazing.  (Not to say vegan food isn't amazing, it is, but so few places do it so well!)  The beer list was also great, and I found an awesome saison right off the bat that I enjoyed all night.  
The only thing better than a vegan place with great beer, is a vegan-friendly place with great beer that delights herbivores and omnivores alike.  We will definitely be back.Really great place for an afternoon burger/sammy n beer.. The lunch special was fourteen dollars and included an app and main dish and I was very satisfied from both.  I went with the ricotta app which included two slices of warm delicious bread with fluffy whipped ricotta spread on top and an arugula and squash salad on the side.  I was surprised by how good it was.  
For my main, I had the seared chicken sandwich, which really hit the spot.  It was a bit messy but I'm all about getting my hands dirty when tackling a delicious sammy. 
The service was awesome, and the ambiance is great.
If you're feeling an afternoon brew and burg, then go here!I've been in a few times, sometimes for dinner and sometimes to grab a drink at the bar. The staff is always friendly and attentive without being overbearing. They always have great recommendations as far as drinks go. I love the Strangelove's burger! Mmmmmmmmm. Always leave with a happy belly!Good beer and wine list, great food, pleasant atmosphere. There's an upstairs bar as well, in case you didn't know!We really loved our early dinner at Strangelove's yesterday! Great beers, great vegan selections and a great atmosphere. Will definitely be back soon!My friend got the seared chicken sandwich with house chips, and I got the vegan burger with side salad. I LOVED the veggie burger--it was the perfect blend of flavors and crunchy on the outside, soft on the inside. The side salad was really good too (not just your basic spring mix). 
At the end, we split the vegan Big Ass Brownie, which was PERFECT. SO rich and decadent and legitimately, a huge ass brownie.
Great place, great food, great drinks! I'm definitely going to hit this place for happy hour ASAP.This hidden gem of Center City has almost become a spot I crave. I honestly can't say that I've had a bad experience here. The wait staff is super friendly and helpful. It's never crazy busy so if we are looking for something without a reservation, we end up here. They feature vegetarian and, at times, even vegan dishes. The menu changes depending on the season. My boyfriend really likes the muffuletta sandwich. I'm a fan of the veggie Mac and cheese! It's just like super cheesy and flavorful. My mouth is watering thinking about it. Their grits side dish is perfect. Entrees come with a choice of fries or a nicely dressed salad. Rotating beers on tap + happy hour + delicious food = equals a great go to spot.We stopped in for pre-dinner cocktails. Decent stop for beer and wine, but no specialty cocktail menu, which seemed odd in this day and age. The bar heavily favored bourbon, which is not my favorite drink. In retrospect, I should have chosen wine as I left most of my bourbon-based drink sitting on the bar when we left. The menu looked good, including for vegetarians and vegans. The bar was quite nice, and the service was warm.Don't go to a beer bar if you want a mix drink. I'm a tiny bit mad they don't allow you to taste before you buy but frankly I don't care because I'll always drink a new craft beer even if it is awful. This also isn't a place for you and your bros to hang out and show off "my new haircut" . And also note on the menu that they add gratuity for party's over 6. Also read this so you understand why they only have a select amount of drafts: http://www.philly.com/philly/food/New-beer-bar-Strangeloves.htmlCame in here before a show and just wanted a burger. The hostess was very friendly and made sure that we were seated quickly (because of our time constraint).  I order the only burger on the menu and it was delicious. Who would have thought to put a fried green tomato on top? The homemade chips as a side is unique but I prefer traditional fries with a burger.