Great lunch special. Food is flavorful and non greasy.I am obsessed with this place. My favorite vegetarian Chinese place in Chinatown, Singapore, closed down, so I gave this place a try. The first time I ordered the steak for dinner and it was delicious. 
I went for lunch the other day and the special was $6.75 and came with rice (no extra $ for brown), a side (spring rolls, salad, fruit), AND a soup (miso, hot & sour). All of that amazing food for $6.75! I got the kung pao tofu with peanuts and it was delicious. My friend got the "as-you-wish" which was like tofu sushi looking things? They looked amazing. 
Service is quick and friendly. I would order pick up about 30min ahead to stay on safe side because it's all freshly made I'm pretty sure. 
The interior is standard Chinese restaurant, spacious with booths. Nothing glamorous.RACIST. Just like Penangs. They treat Black people like crap. Every time I go, they remind me that it is vegetarian over and over again. My father has been a vegetarian for over 40 years. I know what  is vegetarian. The other day me and a friend went (my last time EVER) and the lady gave us burnt tofu. I have been eating tofu all my life. She claimed that we just wanted more food, when we all just tasted on piece each (only 3)  and agreed that it tasted burnt.  The waitor showed no respect, the manager showed no respect, and I have no respect for the establishment. If you are a person who belives in equality for all people regardless of race, you should really think twice about supporting this establishment.Holy hell this is by far and away the best vegetarian restaurant I've had the pleasure of patronizing. Take it from a lover of all things meats that Su Xing is delicious and does Chinese cuisine right. Had the three mushroom soup, eggplant tofu in garlic sauce, and chow mei fun singapore style noodles. Granted I hardly touched the tofu due to over ordering, but my lord those veggies, sauces, broth, and noodles were on point. Great hole in the wall that has me stuffed and smiling on the cheap!I had dinner here and I made the mistake of ordering an appetizer AND an entree. BY the time I was done with the scallion pancakes, I was pretty much full. I ordered the Taro potato knishes as an entree. For vegetarian food, it was really cheap and they gave me a huge portion I couldn't finish. BY the time I was done, I felt like a starchy knish myself. The flavor was ok. It was like any other fast food Chinese place - laden with orange sauce. I didn't really taste any taro since everything was deeply fried. The scallion pancakes were a bit stale and hard and the sauce was boring.  I would go here again if I was craving vegetarian Chinese food, but Philly has so many kinds of food I want to try, that it might take me a while to come back to Su Xing.I worked around the corner and could walk in and have the lunch special, eat it, and walk out in under an hour. They definitely move quickly to serve the business people that come in for meals. The lunch special is soup or salad, an entree, a bowl of rice, and a side, all for under 8 bucks or so. 
If you're gluten free or have allergies, probably not a great place: the wait staff aren't super knowledgeable, and the menu can be vague as to what the fake meat is made of. You can however ask for any of the items without the sauce, which is basically steamed veggies... really good steamed veggies. And the miso is really good, if you can risk the possible barley.
You can walk right past it unless you're looking for it, though... this place is a definite hole in the wall.Tasty and inexpensive. I often go here from lunch even though I am not a vegetarian - because the food is good, the service is very good and responsive, and you never have to wait for a table. 
I particularly like the lunch special version of General Tso's tofu.Never disappoints! The lunch specials make it hard for me to stay away. I love to grab a small bite for a late lunch, and pick up dinner since I'm there. Genius idea right?We came here for lunch today and it was great. The three treasure vegetables was comprised of broccoli, cauliflower, carrots, shiitake, and celery in a savory and light garlic sauce. The cold sesame noodles had a delish peanut and sesame based sauce and my friend loved the mushroom delight lunch special. FYI - they have lunch specials on Saturday, which come with a soup and side - all for under $7. Service was pleasant and our window booth was very comfortable. I have a feeling that this will become my go-to healthy Chinese place come fall.We got delivery from here and were disappointed. Everything was very average, but based on these Yelp reviews, we thought we were going to get something exceptional. First of all, the delivery was not at all fast. We got our food an hour after we ordered. Secondly, the food was fine, but they forgot part of our order and as this was a delivery, we couldn't get that back. It was only a large side of rice, oh well. The portions are gigantic, so you do get a lot of food for the money that you put in. 
Fried bananas: mushy and overripe bananas.
Shakes: More watery than milky (could be due to delivery on a cold night)
Creamy corn soup: It's like egg drop soup with corn -- delicious.
Tofu Eggplant in garlic sauce: Generous portion, the tofu tasted good. Large strips of tofu that were fried and marinated in the garlic sauce along with the eggplants. I recommend this dish.
Maybe the dining experience is better when you dine-in?If I was rating the food alone, I would assuredly give this place 5 stars- the food was simply amazing for vegetarians and not vegetarians alike! 
However, despite this absolutely amazing food, they lost a star and perhaps maybe should lose two stars given the fact that they are incredibly rude. 
The previous review about the waitress stomping her feet and/or pouting about customers not being ready to order immediately, is...true. Honest to goodness (not because I was with the other reviewer but because they did it to me too). 
The previous review about them being racist towards black people, I think is somewhat inaccurate. The staff appears to be incredibly unfriendly to everyone, and I noticed this from the diverse crowd that was in the place while we were. 
Mainly I noticed how they treated other people because I started to think the same thing about them disliking my fiancé and I because we were new or what have you. However, after paying attention for awhile I realized that they are just incredibly rude, it doesn't matter what race, gender, sexual orientation or what have you. It seems like if you are not part of their family then they don't like you, period. 
I find this to be quite sad considering the immense diversity within Philly, especially center city. Additionally, as a business establishment it's really unfortunate that they do not even feel compelled to be polite to their paying customers as if they feel it is unnecessary to do so. 
Bottom line...like everyone has said the General Tso's anything is amazing, the moo shu is delicious and hand wrapped for you and in front of you by the staff. I haven't had their food in 1 month and I am craving it desperately, that's how good it is. 
So, I will go back but it will be to pick up a takeout order, I have an interest in eating their food but do not have an interest in feeling uncomfortable when I do so. Until I find a place that has equally good veg chinese food and better hospitality, I will be ordering from here for takeout only and when I do find a better place- I'm gone.This place is the best for inexpensive, fast vegetarian Chinese food togo.  There are tons of options & the staff is always friendly.
I've ordered delivery many times & the service is always prompt (within 30 min) and my order is always correct.  
Many dishes aren't healthy - some of the breaded options can sometimes be over fried.  If you want to avoid this problem stear clear of the sesame seitan & opt for the veggie steak with black pepper.  The Dragon and Phoenix is another healthier option that doesn't sacrifice taste.Best.  Chinese.  Ever.
My man and I walked in and didn't realize it was vegetarian.  But I was thrilled to see the menu.  It wasn't full of fried substitutions, it was simply no meat Chinese.  I loved it.  I didn't feel totally disgusting at the end of the meal.
General Tsos?  YES.  Loves it.  Also a big fan of the potatoes and cauliflower in curry.  OMGGGG.
Also, I must admit, after my initial encounter with this place I went back the next day and had lunch there....and they day after that and got take out.  So I recommend.  I plan on trying everything on the menu.We eat lunch here a few times a month.   The owner is very professional and this place has received several business awards.  We generally go after 1:30 to miss the lunch crowd and we've never had a problem with service.
We prefer the upper room and it's great If you can get one of two booths by the window to watch the street scene.
They have lunch specials from $6.50 - $8.25 which include soup (my favorite is Miso...& it's not very salty!), side dish (lots of choices, but I get a spring roll -not greasy) and white or brown rice (brown, of course!) plus your entree!  It's a deal.
Everything we've ordered has been fresh, tasty and well prepared.   Just had the Sesame Seitan, which comes with broccoli and it was delicious (as usual).
They are open for dinner and this would be great place to eat before going to the Wilma Theater or the Academy of Music (even Susanne Roberts Theater, but that's a few blocks further).
Note: Lunch time is very crowded, so I'd suggest going at 11:30 or after 1:30 during the day.
Also, this is good, comfortable place for singles to eat.  There are some tables on the upper room that we see singles in all the time.   We've even seen singles in booths when we ate during the off hours for a late lunch after 2:00.
Even if you're not a vegetarian, this is good place to season your palette with some good vegetarian food.  Love it!Hidden gem, sort of. 
It is tucked away in an alley by Ladder 15. It's open late and has the best food! Like the other Yelpers said, the food is so fresh that you leave feeling satisfied rather than stuffed. Seriously you need to check this place out. It was surprisingly that delicious!As per previous recommendations, we decided to hit the lunch special which ended up being as cheap as stated, $20 for two people and we left stuffed. 
Hot and sour soup- may be a bit spicy for some, but absolutely perfect and delicious for me
Lotus root and peanut soup- a little bland and watery like miso soup, but interesting flavor
Sesame seitan- fried and crispy little nuggets covered in a sweet sauce and sesame seeds. Love!
Crispy steak- I preferred the more crispy texture of the sesame seitan, but my husband preferred this because he thought the sesame seitan was "chewier"
Spring rolls- Had tofu/glass noodles/seaweed inside. a bit bland for me but still very good.
Overall the food was excellent and we will be back. They also deliver within Center City. The service was good and fast, although maybe a bit abrupt and not overly friendly, but that may be a cultural thing and fine with us. Highly recommended for vegheads and non-veggies both.Great place to grab vegetarian Chinese food on the cheap.  I've only come into Su Xing for a sit down a couple times, but have mostly ordered delivery.  First thing is first, Su Xing's delivery is FAST, so don't go hopping in the shower!
Two faves: black pepper steak (I don't see this on the menu, but that's what I always say I want) and soybean nugget szechuan style.  These are a must!
I'll elevate this to five stars once I get more opportunities to go in for a sit-down, since some Yelpers here say the service isn't that good.  I've only been in a couple times, and can't say it was bad though...Su Xing is much nicer than your average Chinese Vegetarian, not that there is anything NOT nice about them in general -- it's just that they are not meant to be fancy.  But Su Xing is the most upscale one I've been to in Philly, with nice low lighting and is cozy with wooden booths and an upper level.  It could actually kind of be romantic.
I love that it is BYOB.  The menu is huge, with a long list of Chinese standards, just all vegetarian.  The Chef's Specialties can be tricky to picture from the descriptions -- until you discover the pictures on another page of the menu.  Still, deciding takes a very long time, because it all looks so unique and good.  We were crazy for the black seaweed pancakes and asked for a second order.  I like that they have seitan and cook with plenty of varieties of mushrooms.
Once drawback is that there are not many table choices for parties larger than 4.  I think there is one large table, so our group of 5 was placed at a booth with a chair and small table on the end, which kind of isolated the 5th person, because he could not hear us.  If you have a bigger group, reserve the large table.
I will be back for affordable, unusual, quite delicious vegan offerings.  I saw vegan because I did not detect any cheese or egg, though I could be wrong.  We had leftovers too, nice portions!  Plenty of omnivores in my circles love to eat this way, no guilt.  I think it is great to show people that creative wonderful dishes can be made from simple vegetables, that vegetarian eating can be a cuisine and not just a meal with all the fun parts taken out.  You won't miss the meat, and you can eat healthfully, unless you order 2 servings of fried seaweed pancakes like we did.  :-)Go here for Lunch.  Lunch specials are awesome!
Strolled here during a lunch break to check out all the hype.  Wow, who knew vegetarian Chinese could be so good!  I ordered the Hot and Sour soup which is one of my staple discriminators for a Chinese restaurant.  Not only was it the best I've ever had, it didn't leave that "burning goopy grease" feeling or taste in the back of my throat.  I woofed down a huge plate of Singapore noodles that were perfectly cooked.  I was pressed for time to get back to biz but I just couldn't stop eating.
I can't wait to return where I can sit while not on a lunch crunch and really trench in for some good ol' fashioned "me so stuffed on Chinese food" time.费城做素食的餐馆还不少，这家便是中餐典型的代表。用蔬菜和豆腐就能做出让肉食动物也垂涎的色香味俱全的佳肴。I love their food! After placing an order no realizing they don't deliver on that day, i called and said I was unable to pick up and they actually delivered to me anyway! What wonderful customer service!I think I might stop eating meat if I could have Su Xing cater all my meals. 
Are you sure there is no meat in the Sesame Seitan? What sorcery is this?! I swear this dish tastes exactly like there is meat. I could not tell a difference, doubt any meat eater would either. I loved this entree; the sauce, broccoli florets, and "meat" were delicious.
Another winner was the Eight Treasure Hot Pot. It was a broth of an interesting medley of vegetables and a questionable ingredient that resembled ham but tasted nothing like it. Of course this dish was overshadowed by the Seitan (pronunciation: satan??), but I still enjoyed it immensely.
The only thing I didn't like was the deep fried Chinese rice cake appetizer, which my boyfriend happily responded, "YAY! more for me!"
Su Xing definitely exceeded all my expectations. I actually expressed high doubts in regards to the caliber of food at a vegetarian Chinese restaurant. I was thoroughly impressed! I will be coming back, and perhaps I might become vegetarian (for a week or two).I have started going to Su Xing on a regular basis and am not vegetarian.
The hot and sour soup is a favorite, as is the General Tso's Vegetable. The General Tso's Vegetable and not Tofu was recommended by the waitress as her favorite dish.
I have tried Kingdom of Vegetarians near Chinatown before, and Su Xing is better. Su Xing stays true to Chinese recipes so that even if you aren't vegetarian, the food is recognizable and just as delicious. The textures of the "meat" dishes are not far off from the real deal for those who like meat. 
The service is wonderful and they try hard to accommodate  requests. (We asked for warm bubble tea, as it was cold out. They heated up the bubble tea despite their confusion since no one had asked for it like that before.) Su Xing is also very comfortable inside with booths and tables and lots of space. 
:)I'm not a vegetarian but their General Tso's Tofu is more delicious than the chicken variety at other places.  No matter what your dietary default is I bet you'll like this place.Excellent vegetarian Chinese food. And it's not often you get to say "vegetarian Chinese food". The menu is varied, although unlike a similar place in Hong Kong it doesn't have quite as many sea vegetables, other than a few different seaweeds. It does have a lot of different mushrooms, and they are all delicious. I had the #22, Dried Bean Curd w. Spiral Seaweed, my Wife had  the #10 As You Wish, Bean curd skin filled golden mushroom, black mushroom, dried bean curd and Chinese celery served w. water chestnut and asparagus. Both were great, although in this case I think my Wife won. The restaurant itself is very nice and surprisingly low key and upscale looking. A great, inexpensive find.The food here is just delicious! It is an authentic Chinese restaurant, AND it's vegetarian! Which is a very surprising and pleasant deal. I eat here every time I'm in Philly. Love this restaurant!Suitable for carnivores, even though there is no meat.  Tastes delicious.  Great bang for the buck.As a vegetarian, I wish every restaurant I go to could be like this! So many delicious options for me, and even my boyfriend (who eats meat) thought it was good. The decor is very nice, and we were quickly seated without a reservation. Our waiter was helpful in suggesting popular dishes from the rather long menu. 
We ended up ordering the moo shoo vegetables and tofu, which was good, and the sesame tofu, which came with broccoli and was amazing!! My boyfriend said it was the best tofu he had ever had, and I would have to agree. I will definitely be coming back here, can't wait to continue exploring the menu!!We're so delightful that we chose this place for our dinner while in Philly. After a long walk from the Philladephia Museum of arts, we were starving and wanted to have dinner around the 17th street and Chestnut (we stayed at the Club quarter). The restautant didn't look that attractive from outside. We were welcomed by a middle-aged woman, looking so much as someone with an authority aka the owner, and were seated. There were two other couples having their dinner. 
Thanks to other yelpers, we didn't have to spend too much time on deciding on the menu. For appetizers, we had the potato croquette and scallion pancake. The scallion pancake tasted so good, while the croquette was just okay. Hubby and I shared the sesame tofu that came with a choice of rice. This sesame tofu was just too good! We loved it. Our friend had her noodle and she liked it so much. If only we got to spend more time in Philly, I know I would come to have another dinner at this place. People in Philly, you are so lucky to have a very decent vegetarian restaurant in town. I envy you!Great atmosphere, and good prices for this part of the city. I've only tried the bubble tea but it was good and the bubble:tea ratio was very fair. 
There is ample seating; the interior is a lot bigger than you initially think it will be by looking at the outside.The food is great. Tea tastes fresh. Service is very fast. Place is beautiful inside; not so nice looking outside.This is absolutely an amazing restaurant that any vegan or vegetarian should go to. It is worth driving from out of town to eat here. the service is fantastic. I didn't even have time eto ask for water and tea refills before it was filled to the top with delicious oolong tea. The staff are extremely curtious and are very kind. They are knowledgeable and can help you choose a great dish, which wouldn't be a problem, as everything is good at this restaurant. As a vegan, it is nice to be able to go to a restaurant that truly dedicated itself to vegan/vegetarian food. I don't have to worry about accidentally getting fish in my spring rolls like most other Asian restaurants. The food here is spectacular. It is truly the.most realistic fake meat I've had in my life and i didn't want to stop eating. There are variety of dishes for all people including non vegetarians and the food is just really amazing. Lastly, I love the cleanliness of the place. Everything is very clean and the staff are very curtious when anything needs to be cleaned. also the place is very atmosphereic and it is truly a restaurant I will never forget. I highly recommend this restaurant.I always forget how absolutely delightful this place is. Their lunch special is killer: you have a broad selection of different main dishes, accompanied by a soup, white or brown rice, and a side. Their tofu skin and wheat gluten preparations are both traditional and scrumptious.
I've steered clear of some of the more boring Chinese-American hybrid stuff (e.g., sesame tofu), so I can't speak to how good that is. But the friendly staff are delivering authentic, well prepared Chinese vegetarian cuisine for a great price.Delicious food! And I have meat with every meal. Tastes like authentic Chinese cooking that my mom makes. 
No wait, and really fast food service. Tea was awesome as well.I debated between 2 and 3...2.5 would be appropriate
The decor is ok...but they face a parking lot...so guess what u see out the windows...cars and blue neon signs!
The spring rolls and sea weed pancakes were good...although the pancakes were dripping oil by gallons,,
The triple shredded in garlic was ok...but after a while I couldn't take the soy flavor anymore...the genereal tso's vege...well, we barely touched it..and didn't bother to get a box...go figure
Everyone else seems to love this place..may be you will...and may be if u r a vegetarian..this is IT....but if u like ur meat..get real...u can do better than Su Xing...MUCH better!Surprisingly haven't written a review for this restaurant though I've been here before.  Maybe it's a good thing, since I was not impressed before, but now, I'm pretty content.  This is standard Chinese vegetarian food with a menu overflowing with mock meats, but if you dig deep, you can find some more traditional Chinese food.  That's the stuff I look for at a Chinese restaurant, vegetarian or not.  Mock meats are fine, but, do you ever really know what's in them?  At least if you order tofu, you know it's just soy with some solidifying chemicals... I digress.
Great choices on the menu are traditional seaweed and cucumber salads - I tend to order these just about everywhere and anywhere.  To me, it's like having a bread basket with olive oil at a nice Italian restaurant.  Anyhow, there are also fried things like spring rolls and scallion pancakes.  The appetizer portions are quite generous.
All the mock meat dishes that people ordered looked great - plentiful, delicious, sizzling, piping hot and full of lots of goodies.  However, I am not the biggest fan of them.  The noodles are good here, whether you are eating wheat or rice noodles.  They have pan fried and noodle soup.  Fried rice if you're so inclined.  Lunch specials abound during the week.
In my experience, vegetarian Chinese restaurants tend to cater to a more vegetarian palate rather than a more Chinese palate.  So, I was glad that they had some traditional Chinese dishes like glutinous rice, turnip, tofu skin, bamboo shoots, pea shoots, black mushrooms (i.e. dried and reconstituted for depth of flavor and texture), Chinese broccoli/ kale, lotus root and glass noodles.  OH, and bubble tea???  Those options makes this place top notch in my opinion.  In addition, nothing was too salty by my standards, which can be a downfall of many a Chinese eatery.
The lack of 5 stars is because of the lack of Chinese greens - they only had 2 fresh Chinese greens, one of which I hate (water spinach)... restaurants stock what will sell, so, yeah.  They also had American/ western desserts that were vegetarian, but not vegan... bummer. The concept of gluten-free also seems somewhat challenging here...also, no tea on the table or "free rice," as in traditional Chinese restaurants... but, they had deep fried Chinese rice cakes for a dessert, YES!!!!!!!!!!  The hot tea was also fabulous.
I will be back... because there are many more dishes I wish to try... no mock meats for me, though, sorry.  Keeping it to ingredients that I can identify by sight.  Yum!I fell in love with this place when I worked down the street and could spend a relaxing, hour long lunch break with my $6 lunch special.  Seriously, my dessert island, all time favorite meal might just be hot and sour soup, a veggie spring roll, and general tso's tofu.  
On top of the excellent food and prices, the place is a legitimately nice restaurant.  The decor, staff, and atmosphere are all great.  It's probably best that I don't work nearby anymore, because I might ruin it for myself.  It's such a delightful treat whenever I'm in Rittenhouse.My friend and I were a little cautious to walk in because the restaurant was EMPTY, however, we decided to give it a shot anyway because my vegetarian friend wanted Chinese food.  
We were so pleasantly surprised by our experience here.  The service was actually pretty fast and friendly, and the food was surprisingly delicious.  We ordered the sesame seitan as well as a sticky rice wrap.  Both were a tad bit oilier than I would have liked, but they were both so flavorful, and I would definitely recommend them both.
Also, the sesame seitan was delicious as leftovers the next day!First time at Su Xing the other day after passing it time after time. Finally had a free day to park and stop in, and I must say, it was well worth the visit. 
I had the hot and sour soup which was bar none the best hot and sour soup I've ever had. Most h+s soups are over gelatinous, where as this dish was a perfect blend of consistency and brought each respective element of hot, sour, and sweet to the bowl. 
For my entree I had the Sesame Seitan, which I had chose on a recommendation from another user. I was pretty impressed with both the quality and quantity. A little on the crispy side but not too much where I couldn't cut or bite into. Served over a bed of steamed broccoli for a nice finishing touch. Definite recommendation.
My roommate had the Broccoli and Garlic sauce, which essentially is one enormous plate of broccoli. The sauce is, well, garlicky and has a bit of a spicy tang to it. Quite delicious, however I would recommend sharing with someone (it's a lot of broccoli!). 
I can't wait to go back. So excited there is an all vegetarian Chinese restaurant that exists. I love that I can go through the menu no problem and literally pick anything and have it be veggie friendly.I really like this place. The food was great, service was good and pretty quick. I have a lot of things I would still like to try-their menu is so extensive. Desert was great too.Love their lotus root soup.. unlimited tea! classy dining setup doesn't hurt either.Wow a full blown veggie Chinese restaurant? whowouldathunkit? Anyway, happy i tried it. Had the lunch special "sesame seitan". Now it's not the best thing since sliced bread (I'll reserve that for "vegetarian palate" in brooklyn, NY...wha?wha?) but it wasn't bad at all.
I liked the decor of the place. It's pretty much hidden being on samson but once you walk in you'll be surprised by the interior. 
Would recommend and like to go back to try other things on the menu.Everything I ate here was delicious, and I ordered quite a few things because there was so much that I wanted to try!
One of the best vegetarian restaurants I've eaten at, and I can't wait to go back. Our waiter was extremely friendly and made sure to answer all of our questions and recommend his favorites. 
Some of the typical Chinese dishes (with replacement fake meat) are offered, as well as some unique dishes that I hadn't seen before. There is definitely something for everyone here!Very skeptical on getting a vegetarian chinese food. First, I am a Chinese Food snob, I have very high standard. Second, I am a meat lover. Bottom line is, I had very low expectation coming here. I ordered the General Tso's Seitan and hot & sour soup. The seitan was surprisingly good. I can tell it's not chicken, but the texture isn't bad at all. The sauce was good too. The hot & sour soup was surprisingly spicy and sour at the same time, very flavorful. I will come back and try different dishes on the menu.I'm not a vegetarian but am still a lunch regular. The food is delicious and the value can't be beat. My favorites are the general tso's veg, the sesame seitan, and the kung pao dried tofu. The complimentary tea is also a plus!Recommended Chinese food for vegetarians...we had eggplant & tofu in garlic sauce and general tso's tofu..This was my first visit to this restaurant..now it's definitely on my favorite restaurant in philly list...it's worth giving a shot if you haven't already been here...Perfect inexpensive lunch place. I always get the lunch special with the miso soup, spring roll, and either the lo mein or the sesame seitan. 
This time I got the hot and sour soup and seitan. Lovely large meal for a really great price. They're a little heavy handed with the corn starch in both of these items, so it's a little goopy, but everything tastes amazing. Hot and sour soup is quite spicy. I'll stick to my miso soup from now on!I ordered an asparagus dish which was a complete ripoff. The asparagus were cut in half LENGTHWISE, in order to make it LOOK like there were a lot. ALso, the asparagus had no flavor, and neither did anything else on my plate. Overcooked and flavorless. The service was rude and inept. I don't know how this place stays in business. It is HORRIBLE.This place blew my mind. It is very clean with a great atmosphere. everything and everyone is veg, so the clients are cool and nice. The food was incedible. We ordered zuchini, three colored veg, veg lo mein, gen tso tofu, scallion pancakes - all amazing. I want to eat here all the time. What a find!Needed a place that could take 7 folks on a Saturday night. Chose it b/c of 4 stars and 1 $. Good for a group if you don't want to deal with a crowd and just get seated and served on late notice. Cheap.
The scallion pancakes were really good. There's a lot of seitan, tofu, or fake meat on the menu, which I wasn't really interested in, so I had chow mei fun - thin rice noodle with shredded veggies. It was good, not greasy or soysaucey but was SO much food.
We all ordered too much, we should have shared. At least 2 of us could have shared each huge plate, if not 3 of us. 
Was weird for serious meat-eaters.Friendly service, and tasty food.  The dining room is comfortable and unassuming.  Particularly noteworthy is that the flavors come naturally from the vegetables in the food, root vegetables, mushrooms, onions, etc.--not from the sweet sauces that are common in many restaurants.  The prices were very reasonable (around $13 per main dish, and less than $3 for a soup).  The restaurant is BYOB.  Kosher certified under the IKC.Lunch specials!!! I came here with a group of six colleagues and we left with a bill no larger than $60. We each ordered a dish off the lunch menu which comes with soup, your choice of a side dish (spring rolls, vegetables, seaweed salad, etc.), and white or brown rice. I ordered the sesame tofu (which includes broccoli) and it was awesome! They gave me far more sesame tofu than rice which I like because there's nothing worse than having a dish that's 90% rice. The tofu was cooked perfectly - slightly crunchy of the outside, but soft on the inside - and the sauce was delicious. The restaurant itself is very small and dark. It wasn't too busy when we went, but a lot of people were coming in and out to pick up orders. All in all good food, service, and experience. I'll be going back!Very very good vegetarian Chinese. A good substitute to Cherry St. (which has closed ). Su Xing is a small restaurant with limited seating but a pretty nice ambiance as well. I ordered the General Tso's and let me tell you if I didn't know it wasn't chicken I would not have known, it was prepared great, and very fresh broccoli. I will go back.I love and miss this restaurant so much. It's heaven for vegetarians. Also super good service and the ambiance is great!Best Chinese Vegetarian place I have ever been to!  I am a vegetarian and have been to many Chinese vegetarian restaurants in DC and none come even close to this one.  Whenever I am in Philly I go there to eat.  My favorites are the garlic eggplant and tofu and the sesame seitan.  I even took my meat lover father and cousins there and they loved it.  I wish they would expand and open up more restaurants.
As for the service, I've never had bad service they have always been nice and no issues. However it is just the standard they have never done anything amazing to stand out.Great place for veggie folks. 
Great place for takeout when you are not in mood to cook.
This is my new go to place.I've ordered from here enough times in the past few weeks to consider myself an expert in Su Xing cuisine. It's tough to find a better deal for the quality of food they offer. Their veggie lo-mein is a hit with me -- a huge portion that doesn't skimp on the veggies. Their General Tso's tofu is also delicious, and I don't even like tofu all that much. Last night I ordered the As-You-Wish, which, while stuffed with mushrooms, felt a bit chewy. Maybe that's how bean curd tastes in general - don't know, never tried before - but I have a feeling that the steam from the delivery container made this happen. Also ordered the cauliflower and potato curry, which was fan-freakin-tastic and steaming hot when delivered. As other reviewers have mentioned, their lunch deals are a steal.I got the sesame seitan lunch special to go.  The portions were huge (enough for 2 lunches), although I would've liked a bit more broccoli, and as other people have said, the seitan was a little too crispy.  But, overall, it was delicious (as were the braised mushrooms).  At $8.00 for an entree, soup and a side that will last you two meals, it can't be beat.this place does have fantastic lunch specials, i get the general tso's veg, miso soup, spring roll and a side of rice for under ten bucks.  the waitstaff is really friendly and they're wonderfully manical with the tea-filling (great jasmine tea too by the way), i never have an empty cup.  plus their veggies are always fresh and they give great portions.
one thing i do want to note, if you're getting takeout, you'll definitely have to wait at least twenty minutes (especially if you're getting mock), so be prepared to wait a bit...i'm always staring at that horse painting on the wall with the little lite-brite bulbs in it...semi-fascinating.Great food. Great service. Food made with serious effort and care. They know how to make tofu correctly. Their lunch special is too good to be true for the price, portion and location. I like the restaurants decor as well. I have tried many meatless dishes and they have cooking down pact. I have done business lunches here as well as brought friends and family.A solid vegetarian and Chinese restaurant in Philadelphia.  My girlfriend and I came here for lunch on one of the hottest days of the summer. I arrived first and was seated immediately while waiting for my girlfriend. The waitress quickly brought two glasses of water and tea. I suppose it was a floral tea (jasmine maybe), but it had an amazing scent as soon as she set it on the table. 
My girlfriend arrived a little later than expected, and it might have upset the server because it took 10 minutes after both of us were seated for the waitress to take our order.  Eventually, we selected and received the asparagus with wheat gluten in brown sauce and garlic eggplant with tofu.  First, we received a soup course. I had a lotus root and peanut soup, and my girlfriend had the hot and sour soup.  They were both very good, though I have never had lotus root before.  I wasn't sure if the broth was supposed to taste like white corn, or if they just used the broth from their corn soup.  
Otherwise, the food was spot on, and the garlic sauce and brown sauce were both delicate and complimented the dishes very well.  My eggplant was outstanding. It was melt-in-your-mouth in texture and flavor.  The tofu was excellent-- crispy on the outside and silky on the inside.  The wheat gluten in the brown sauce had an almost fish texture and flavor-- a pleasant surpise!  I had selected a "salad" as a side (lettuce, slices of tomato, and cucumber).  My girlfriend wisely selected seaweed.  It was cut into thick, narrow strips, and it was tossed in sesame oil.  Simple, delicious.   If there were any complaints about the meal, it would be the level of salt, but it's probably less than the typical Chinese restaurant.  
Bottom line: This is a very good Chinese restaurant in terms of the offerings, execution, and price.  I would give it five stars if the wait staff was more attentive, and the salad was a little more complex/well made.  I would go back on a slightly cooler day.There are veggie Chinese places that make up fake meat dishes out of tofu and protein; Yuck! Yawn! Then there is Su Xing. They have dozens of dishes without meat or fake meat. They have the best lunch specials in town: something like 8 bucks gets you soup, a springroll and a substantial main dish. the Schezwan tofu is amazing! The kale and dried bean curd as well. Take a friend and get a few dishes, you won't regret it. (p.s. the only bad dish I've had there has been seaweed. everything else: great)Apparently my previous visit was a fluke.  Went for lunch today, and the service was blazing fast this time. We were served everything back-to-back.  I tried the steak w/mushrooms and onions, and it was really tasty.   The gravy is so good, I sopped up my side of tofu with it.
Updating from 3 to 5 stars.Sesame tofu I had here recently was awesome!  I also tried one of their "milkshakes"...they taste more like blended ice milk, but I think they are vegan?  Anyway, the milkshake thing I got was so good, even the next day frozen.  The shakes come with cute extra wide straws and containers with figures on them.  I went with the coconut flavor; it's taste and texture were pretty much my perfect virgin piña colada.  Shakes come in the following flavors:  strawberry, mango, and coconut...I could have missed one?  They have great lunch specials, too.  Only vegan Chinese I'll eat.  
Super fast delivery+++The fragrant floral cup of tea served with the meal was a nice touch.  For a $6.95 lunch, you get a reasonable, light meal.  I ordered eggplant and tofu with garlic sauce.  I chose white rice, seaweed, and a miso soup.   The miso soup was okay.  The seaweed was better than I expected.  The eggplant and tofu tasted good, but had too much sauce on the plate.  The portion of rice was unexpectedly small.  With so much sauce, a little more white rice may have helped mop that up.   Overall, Su Xing House is fine for a quick, affordable, light, vegetarian lunch, but you might want to walk around the corner and look for an ice cream shop after you finish here.As a vegetarian, I wish every restaurant I go to could be like this! So many delicious options for me, and even my boyfriend (who eats meat) thought it was good. The decor is very nice, and we were quickly seated without a reservation. Our waiter was helpful in suggesting popular dishes from the rather long menu. 
We ended up ordering the moo shoo vegetables and tofu, which was good, and the sesame tofu, which came with broccoli and was amazing!! My boyfriend said it was the best tofu he had ever had, and I would have to agree. I will definitely be coming back here, can't wait to continue exploring the menu!!You step inside this gloomy interior with its outdated, but attractive furnishings and feel like you could be in Hong Kong circa 1960.  Now this is an interesting, even eccentric, restaurant.  Not everything was great, but it is hard not to like a place that offers hearty Chinese vegan dishes at low prices.  Some of the items are definitely out of the ordinary - it is not all steamed cauliflower and broccoli here.  I had a lotus root soup with steamed peanuts, and a deep fried, sweet sesame tofu dish with a side of firm, shredded seaweed (wakame, I think).  The service is not especially charming, but where else can you find a lunch like this for under $10?First off, it is awesome to go to a restaurant and be able to order anything you want!  Being a vegetarian can be limiting some places, but not here, which is awesome.  I went for the lunch deal, which was a lot of food for a good price.  Comes w/ a side, a salad, and the entree for cheap!  I got a green salad (bad move, iceberg and some tomato, don't make the same mistake), hot and sour soup (not that flavorful but ok), and delicious eggplant and tofu.  My friend got the eggroll as a side, which looked good, and General Tsao's tofu w/ broccoli, which was also yummy.  I was definitely into the fact that just b/c its vegetarian doesn't mean the menu is full of fake meat, b/c I am definitely NOT into soy duck or shrimp.  Don't get me wrong, this is available too, but not the only option.  Next time I will a) make sure to ask for the eggplant spicy (there's a pepper icon next to it, but had little spice to it) and b) maybe just order entrees and skip the weak soup and side.  Either way, I will definitely go back!This is a vegetarian restaurant.
I'm throwing that up there because it's important and I know not everyone will read full reviews and pick up on it...yes, I'm talking about myself of course.
I placed a delivery order from the Latham Hotel (0.2 mi away) at 9:43 on a Wednesday night based on the glowing reviews for this place. The lady on the phone had an accent that was very hard to understand but she was super nice. 20 minutes later, I received my food from a rain-drenched, and understandably unhappy, delivery guy. Despite what the lady on the phone told me, the delivery guy did NOT take credit cards. I lucked out though because I had enough cash on hand.
* House Special Mei Fun Soup ($7.50) - I ordered this because another reviewer had said that it tasted like pho and there's really nothing better than hot noodle soup on a cold rainy night, am I right? Unfortunately, besides the fact that this is noodle in hot broth, there is no similarity to pho in terms of ingredients or flavor. I thought it tasted extremely bland (like hot water with some oil floating on top) and had a hard time liking the slices of fake meat/spam-like things. In retrospect, now that I know it's a vegetarian restaurant, I guess it's not terrible, but I certainly would never order this again either.
* Deep Fried Chinese Rice Cake ($3.50) - I got this purely out of curiosity and was pleasantly surprised at how much it reminded me of rice cake that my mom would make for Chinese New Year. The only differences are that these were cut up, breaded, deep-fried, and then served with crushed peanut powder and sugar...all good things! They were more stale/chewy than crispy because I got them as delivery but I could imagine them being extra yum if served fresh. This is the only reason why I'm giving them 2 stars instead of 1.
* Milk Tea with Tapioca ($3.05) - Tasted like instant milk tea powder with refrigerated (i.e., cooked in the morning and now hard) tapioca pearls. This was another impulse order because I had never seen bubble tea available on a delivery menu before. It turned out to be almost the worst bubble tea I've ever had so, yes, I learned my lesson.I wonder if anyone on here remembers Harmony, before it became New Harmony a few years ago.  If you miss the old Harmony then you'll want to go to Su Xing.  If you don't, you'll still want to go to Su Xing because it's the best veggie Chinese food in Philly.  Or New York.  Or anywhere else for that matter.  I eat here all the time.
Some of my favorites are the triple shredded in garlic sauce, the steamed dumplings, the tofu skin with two kinds mushroom (this takes longer but is so yummy).  I also love the seaweed salad but it's not the Japanese style. 
The atmosphere is surprisingly upscale considering that the food is cheap and fast.  Which includes being clean.  No bugs, no old food on the floor, no filthy bathrooms.  Sad that I have to mention that but, well... 
Hint: get one of the booths upstairs by the window if you can.I love this place! I order from here all the time and they even deliver to me, a good 15 blocks East.. The fried mushroom strips are deeeelish. The sesame seitan is yummy as well. I think my fav is the tofu/vegetable soup. I don't know what's in that broth but it's quite addictive. One of my other fav things about this place is the lack of  "chicken this" and "beef that." I hate ordering something that is called chicken, gross, but seitan all the way. It's comforting to know that they are 100% vegetarian and I don't have to worry about some bird falling into my fried rice. Like most Chinese food, don't wait too long to re-heat things - you'll be sorry to have wasted such delectable foods!I've had their food three times now, and gotten the same dish each time. The first time, it was four star-worthy, perfection the second time (dine-in), but on the third try, I came away very disappointed. The sauce was more gelatinous than it was on previous occasions, and my girlfriend, who was previously very happy with their food, found hers only semi-edible. I will give them another chance, at some point, but for now, I'll give them three stars.Not bad - but not great either.  The best part?  The super cheap price for the generous lunch special.  Mine came with Mediocre Miso, a tasty entree (Tofu with Eggplant in garlic sauce) and brown rice.  For a side I chose green salad (bad idea, and I should have known better) which was iceberd with 2 tomato slices and 1 cucumber slice.  Lame-o!  Next time (if there is one) I'll try the mushrooms.
Service was fine - efficient and quick.  Water was refilled promptly without asking (score).
OK, Maybe this place is 4 star foor/service but the 2 star decor needs a refresher pronto!Heaps of delicious vegetarian food at completely reasonable prices.  Meat-eaters will not feel like they're missing anything.  
Faves:
Scallion pancakes
General Tsos Tofu
Tofu with EggplantDelicious!  The lunch specials are great for the money, and the portions are huge.  The employees are friendly and the food is always delicious, not to mention a great value.  You really can't go wrong with anything on the menu.  Be brave and experiment with something new because you are sure to be rewarded.I'm not a vegetarian and this place was fantastic!!!! Tried something new I wouldn't normally eat (vegetable heaven) and loved it. Also, the scallion pancakes are a great choice for an appetizer... 3 bucks and pretty filling! Will definitely be back and definitely recommend (plus its BYOB)Also got the seitan general tso- 5 stars. Loved it. Got it delivered the second time, was so quick and very pleasant delivery man who even brought up my packages that my front desk concierge had waiting for me!Good food with quick service.
Must Haves:
-General Tso's
Pros:
-Lots of seating
-Big Portions
Cons:
-Too much corn starch in their sauces.
Quick Tips:
-Great place to come and meet up with friends
Their food is pretty good.  However, it does fall into the Chinese American category, rather than Chinese.  They use a bit too much corn starch for my liking, but the taste is solid.  I definitely frequent this place when I am hankering for some good Chinese American food.
I love walking here for some good Chinese food that is pretty healthy.Service was amazing and the food overall was tasty and decent. Pancake scallions, veg prawn with walnuts and general tso's veg were all just a little too over done/fried to the point of being chewy. Maybe I didn't try the right menu items to really enjoy it properly.We got take-out from Su Xing for Chinese New Year's and it was awesome.  I was looking for a place with a large selection of noodles and Su Xing had everything -- Singapore-style Chow Mein, Chow Fun, and panfried egg noodles (and a bunch of other stuff).  We also took a chance on their "Golden Feather Knishes."  I love taro, but I'm not a huge fan of sweet-and-sour and I wasn't quite sure what a 'feather knish' was.  So what's a feather knish?  Delicious.  We ate our noodles and veggies and then finished off with the knishes.  They were almost dessert-like.  We're definitely going back to this place again.
Update:
We actually didn't go back to Su Xing for a while... We discovered Square and Square and that became our go-to Chinese place (points for being a few blocks closer to home).  But... lately we've gone to Su Xing for all of our take-out Chinese needs, branching out from the noodles-only menu from New Year, and we have not been disappointed.  The texture on the black bean tofu is nothing short of amazing.  I realize this probably involves lots of frying, but I have to say.. frying + tofu = freakin' miraculous.  I'm definitely looking forward to trying more of the stuff on their menu, but I also have to say this: it's going to be hard to branch out to any other veggie dishes beyond the basil eggplant.  When I opened up the little plastic take-out container the smell of basil sauce was overwhelming -- in a good way.  I can't even describe it.  If you order it and hate it, it's only $9.. and let me know.  I'm happy to take it off your hands.I thought the food was really good. We ordered take out. Based on the reviews of other yelpers, we ordered the asparagus & gluten, and as-you-wish. Both were good, but we thought the homestyle tofu was the most delicious dish we ordered. We also got the scallion pancakes. I've had plenty of tsong-yo-bing in Taiwan. These were a little dry - and not very doughy/flaky - but ok. This totaled $40. I think they increased prices a little since updating their website menu, but otherwise good (relatively healthy) food option. And of course they deliver!My wife and I have been going here for some time and have even introduced it to a number of our vegan friends who love it. We are not vegetarians, but like to eat tasty, healthy, food & the food here is great - two favorites that I recommend are the sesame seitan and veggie heaven - even non-vegetarians will love it.definitely coming back to this place, and dragging a few friends with me. what a fun find on a street riddle with douchey looking clubbers. this place does legit vegetarian fare and in generous portion sizes. the food is good and relatively authentic (not so much chinese, as chinese american). the service is decent the prices are average and but the whole experience was just simply more than i expected. thanks su xing!Vegetables prepared well, and artificed "meatz" with creativity. Very reminiscent of the Greenhouse Vegetarian Restaurant (R.I.P.) that used to be in Collingswood, NJ. In a good way!  In fact, their "soy protein steaks with Shanghai vegetables" is the same as what Greenhouse used to prepare. So glad that Su Xing is around and keeping the faith.Always amazing food. Vegans, vegetarians and carnivores alike love this spot! Good food is good food, friends.i've never eaten there, but we do delivery from here all the time.
they are really quick with delivery.
all the food is delicious and fresh.
Favorites:
mashed BBQ tofu on nori
veggie dumpling
tofu and veggie soup
veggie moo shu
golden hot potGreat food, friendly staff. The golden runs are unabashedly not imitation meat, and one of the better things I've had here.In town for a training course and this place was recommended by local. Ordered the hot & sour soup when I normally always get miso at other places. AWESOME! Spicy and yummy and very fresh ingredients. I'm big on crunchy texture so when the springroll came and it was PERFECT in color and hot and CRUNCHY this girl was in HEAVEN. Last I ordered the sesame tofu... did I mention this place is vegetarian? I'm SO far from being a Vegan. But this dish knocked my socks off! They serve it on a bed of broccoli with this light orangy sauce. It wasn't even an issue that there was no meat. THE TEXTURE OF THE TOFU IS AMAZING!! Crunchy, yummy and covered with sesame seeds. It comes with brown or white rice... the brown was sticky in the BEST way. HUGE servings. I'm here for 2 weeks. I will be back.This is still our go-to Chinese restaurant and is by far my favorite vegetarian Chinese place in the city. The food is wonderful and rarely greasy, I can easily decipher what I'm eating (unlike some of the we-deep-fry-everything places in China Town) and the servers are attentive and kind. Since my last review, I've brought many non-vegetarians here and they've had nothing but good things to say (between bites, that is).Asked for brown rice, got white.  Meals contain almost no veggies; about 85% tofu, which is overly sweet.  
I wouldn't go back.Su Xing is essentially a really cool concept because it's like a typical takeout chinese place but everything is vegetarian! If thats not the life you're about, that's okay, but personally I think you are missing out on a very enjoyable experience. Like many people who frequent here, I am not a vegetarian but still absolutely love getting takeout from here.
Some of my favorites include:
1) The sesame seitan is just yum. For vegetarians, I think this is cool because most places don't really know how to do seitan in a way that is flavorful and yummy. I feel like a problem a lot of vegetarians may also be that they like vegetarian food but not necessarily the "fake meat" flavor or texture most veg places offer. I can confidently say you do not have to worry about that here. 
2) Scallion Pancakes 
3) Golden Rings
So far I've only ever gotten delivery, but I hear nice things about the restaurant and hope to go sometime soon!Great food here. Singapore Rice Noodles were the best I've had. Very nice staff.
I also got scallion pancakes and a spring roll.....I was hungry. 
 I wish I lived closer to this place as I really want to explore the menu a bit more.I am blown away by how wonderful this vegetarian place is. Very unique space with a raised upper level that has a number of booths. Comfortable family dining. I almost didn't notice it next to the other bars and restaurants on Sansom. I'm really glad to see vegetarian Chinese food with such quality and popularity here in Philly.
The food:
Spring Roll - Very crisp, light veggies. Can't really go wrong. Good to have with the lunch specials.
Potato Croquettes- Simple appetizer, though the breading is rather heavy, which makes it hard to bite through. Could be lighter and less heavy. Reminds me of Japanese korokke but it's just a bit too hard on the outside.
Scallion Pancake- Honestly, at $3.25, this is one of their best appetizers. Very flaky and not too oily. Really features the flavors of the scallions and perfect for sharing.
1. Lotus Root and Peanuts Soup - Very unexpected. Surprisingly clear and light. Love it before heavier dishes.
2. Miso Soup - Decent and not too salty. Feels a bit out of place at a Chinese restaurant but nonetheless, it's okay.
3. Hot and Sour Soup - Strong flavor and good balance. 
Chow Mei Fun Singapore Style - One of my personal favorites, and the curry flavor is just right. The noodles, I felt, could have been thinner and drier. I needed more of that fried noodle flavor.
Eight Treasure Bean Curd Hot Pot - Great clay pot dish with a simmering broth that goes great with rice. Love that it really balances all the different "treasures" and each veggie tastes great. A saucier hot pot.
As-You-Wish 
Bean curd skin filled golden mushroom, black mushroom, dried bean curd and Chinese celery served w. water chestnut and asparagus.
- kind of like the dim sum item but very clean and light. Not oily at all and very large portions. Filled to the brim, but not exactly the most flavorful.
Sesame Abalone Mushroom 
Fried fresh abalone mushroom in tomato and five spice sauce, serve with asparagus and water chestnut.
-One of the best dishes here and such a unique way of cooking abalone mushroom. Fried and glazed and really imitates the texture and consistency of meat. The wonders of vegetarian substitutes!Just picked up a large hot and sour soup from here.
Ate in a week or two ago, got the lunch special (hot and sour soup, mushroom special). Was pretty good, a size-able amount of food, but New Harmony is where it's at! 
Interior is nice, clean and  BYO.
Delivery area is limited however. I live in University City and they won't deliver to me. C'mon, I'm not THAT far from Rittenhouse!My experience here was mixed.  Starting with the bad, the green onion pancake was way too thick and tasted more like egg roll skin than any green onion pancake I've had anywhere.  Honestly, the frozen green onion pancake I buy at grocery stores tasted better.  
The eight treasure hot pot was good though it was more of a saucy mix than a hot pot.  The  "As you wish" dish was also good, but the tofu skin seems to have lost some of its natural flavor due to frying. Why do that to a good thing?I have gone to this restaurant a couple of time because my partner is vegan. He loves this place and so do I. Everything is very well done and tastes delicious. I often go for the eggplant in garlic sauce or peapod leaves. Nothing has ever been oily or overly spiced. They offer brown and white rice and also have noodle dishes if you prefer.
Service has always been great and well deserving of a good tip. At the end of a meal we usually get a plate of oranges. I'm assuming this is with all dinner patrons but am not sure. Prices are excellent especially given the large portions.
This is one of those places that will definitely become a regular hangout for us.We took the advice of other reviewers and must say thank you. We got the steamed dumplings to start, they were tasty, but not favourites.
We ordered two entrees, the general tso's vegetable and the chow mei fun. Both were surprisingly good. While the chow mei fun looked a bit boring the flavour was really good. Regarding general tso's vegetable, if you had not told me there was no chicken I would have never known!
Portions were very large, and we easily could have just ordered one entree to share.
I would definitely recommend this place, and plan on coming back again!Abalone mushroom soup, a medicinal brew with winter melon sliced thinly and floating in the broth.  With goji berries and julienned ginger, this soup hit the spot.  Next up:
Taro croquettes with cashews and sweet & sour sauce was absolutely fantastic!  Smaller than thumb-sized dumplings made from taro...that starchy, sometimes purple-ish root were lightly fried, stir fried with some bell pepper, and finished with a more sour than sweet sauce thickened with cornstarch.  More than enough for one, just perfect for two.
Singapore Mai fun was excellent, also, without an overwhelming wafting of curry powder.  It smaller and tasted perfect, with veggies scattered throughout.
Kale and dried tofu...an odd item to see on a Chinese menu.  I've never seen kale used before.  When the dish arrived, I saw that it wasn't kale at all, but choi sum, a leafy green vegetable popular in traditional Chinese gastronomy.  Forget about the confused name...just know that this was a super-light dish bursting with vibrant green color, subtle soy and sesame rounding out the plate.
Service was fine, yet a bit cold.  As I've reviewed other Chinese establishments before...that's just par for the course.  Eat it and beat it!
If I'm in the Philly area again, I'll definitely make this place a part of my visit.  Vegetarian or not...try it out.Su Xing is my favorite lunch spot in center city, and a contender for my favorite Chinese vegetarian restaurant in Philly (yes, there are actually quite a few -- ah, the modern luxury of choice.)
For $6 or $7 at lunch, you get:
*your choice of approximately twenty entrees (I am drawn to the seitan options, myself)
*choice of soup (love the hot and sour)
*choice of side (options include spring roll, seaweed, corn, and a bunch of other stuff)
*abundant brown rice, and 
*endless refills of jasmine tea (which tastes like perfume to me, but lots of people love it).  
The amount of food for the price is, frankly, ridiculous.  And then, if that wasn't good enough, Su Xing is actually pretty attractive inside with lots of dark wood...and since they knocked down a wall and opened up the dining room, there's plenty of seating too.  Oh, and the staff is friendly.  Really, what more could you ask for?Always reliable. Good fresh food. I especially like the pressed tofu with two kinds of mushrooms. The noodles are also good. The place is too dark and the service is eh but the food is good enough for four stars.On a recent visit to Philadelphia we had the pleasure of eating at Su Xing House for a tasty dinner. The service was great, the food was delicious, and the restaurant is as comfortable as can be. Recommended to all!!Fantastic little local find; I wouldn't have even noticed it if friends hadn't brought me. Amazing, fresh, flavorful vegetarian food (loved the sauteed eggplant), funky chinese-kitzchy atmosphere, great decor, and packed at lunch. Well worth it when downtown, whether you're a veggie or not.
PS went again 2 weeks ago; it was again fabulous - the seaweed cakes were bland but interesting.  I love that they serve brown rice - so rare. And as I was eating alone this time, I really appreciated the chef's flexibility in mixing up a couple of the ingredients so I could get a whole healthy meal, with the dark greens, shitaake mushrooms and tofu I was craving.I only had one meal here but I thoroughly enjoyed it and would go back in a heartbeat if in the neighborhood. At first I was having a hard time finding something I could eat because of all my allergies and the waitress did not seem all that interested in taking a special order. Seemingly determined to find something I could eat without her needing to ask the cook to do something special she made many suggestions. That is when I noticed they had "stir fried peapod leaves" on the menu. I almost missed it since where I am from it is usually listed on the menu as "pea vine greens in garlic sauce" which is one of my favorite if not my favorite dishes. She then seemed willing to make some adjustments and it was ordered with just a bit of tofu and brown rice (yea brown rice!!!).
It was delicious but I could not eat it all. I got it to go and took it back to my hotel room to put in the ice bucket (wrapped in a baggie) over night. I am positive I had the best breakfast than any of my fellow conference goers the next day!This place is absolutely fantastic.
The lunch specials are a ridiculous value if you're in the area around lunch time - 7 or 8 bucks for soup, entree and side. I always get the hot and sour soup, which isn't all that spicy, but very peppery - like lots of white pepper in the recipe. Still fantastic, just really clears out your sinuses.
You really can't order anything wrong here, at least in my experience. If you're into the Americanized Chinese food, the general tsos tofu is ridiculous - beautifully deep-fried little pillows of soft tofu. The kung pao dried tofu is my favorite, although the shredded bean curd in garlic sauce is awesome too. About 1 in 3 times I get the chow mei fun singapore style, which is a curry-flavored thin noodle stir-fry with soy-protein chicken substitute. The soy-substitute chicken is... I'm not crazy about it, but I guess i'm happy it's there for the sake of complete nutrition? It certainly doesn't detract from the dish. The fried rice is really good too.
For cheap, quick, Chinese vegetarian takeout, doesn't get any better in Center City.Loved every meal I have ever had here!
Brought a few co-workers in, whom have not had too much vegetarian fare, and they were very impressed by the mock dishes.My roomies dragged me out for a Sunday night dinner, as they had a craving for Mu Shu (vegeterian kind). Since I am a adventurous type, I decided to take them up on their offer for vegeterian chinese.
One tip-its totally worth it to wait for an upper level table. We waited a few extra minutes, and were able to get a large table for the 4 of us.
We order 5-6 different plates of Chinese Cuisine which had some outlandish names like "Dragon and Phoenix". I found that to be pretty tasty dish (black mushrooms, spinach, soy beans), with the Golden Feather Knishes to be a great complement to that plate. We overdid it with the ordering, as we had more than enough to take home.
I also found that the price tag to be pretty affordable, and well within the range of what I like to spend for a dinner out.  
The service was pretty solid too, as the server almost started to dish out the food for us, before we stopped her.  Still, pretty good service.The food is delicious,  reliable and vegetarian. They have great lunch specials! My only complaint is that you are merely a number here. Their desire seems to be turning tables and not providing a relaxing experience. As I write this review, the server just delivered my check,  and I am only halfway through my entree! Enough said!My favorite Vegan/Vegetarian Chinese resturant in the city. They make the best General Tso "chicken". Veggie dumplings are also a hit! I prefer to eat in, but they do delivery and takeout.Best vegetarian (vegan) Chinese restaurant in Philly for sure. No fake shrimp, fake pork and so on. Just food that is what it is - fresh and yummy. A favorite. They deliver too!I am not a vegetarian (as can be seen by meat-focused previous reviews) but I highly recommend Su Xing House anyway. It's that good. Their lunch special is a great deal - for about $8 you get soup, a choice of a side (fruit, spring roll, etc.), rice, and an entree. The sesame tofu is great, and I am totally obsessed with the Chow Fun. Everything is flavorful not too greasy and I suppose as healthy as Chinese can probably be.There are no words worthy enough to describe the food here. Hands down best vegan Asian fusion I've ever had! I had the general tsos chicken.
4 stars instead of 5 because they were completely understaffed. We received horrible service, but the food was kind of with it. It took someone 15 minutes to come over when we first sat down and my water glass was continuously empty. I even asked for more at one point and no one ever back.Stopped in recently for a quick lunch while in the neighborhood. Great meal!  Really big menu, with lots of standard side dish options.  My lunch was served VERY quickly & was quite good.  Plus, it was super cheap (entree, soup, brown rice and side was about $8).  I'd recommend Su Xing House to anyone looking for a high quality, inexpensive vegan option in Center City.This place is great. I haven't been there in a while but from the ratings it must be the same.  I had meat lovers fall in love with this place.  I'm not a huge fan of Chinese but this is where I love to go when I do have it!Whenever I have a vegetarian or vegan friend in town, this is where I take them! I love this place. They cook tofu and seitan so well that even a meat-loving omnivore like myself prefers these dishes.
Whenever we go, we order different things. They're always amazing. I encourage you to try something different - the only average dish I've ever tasted here  was a veg lo mein. Seasame seitan is one of my favorites, of course.
The vegan food here is 4 times better than the typical food you'd get in Chinatown, with a similar price and similar portions. 
BYOB.Friendly service, a great selection of specials and more than reasonable prices. I don't think you could ask for anything more. I was a bit hesitant to go to vegetarian only Chinese restaurant but after enjoying a wonderful lunch feast (hot and sour soup, spring roll, and broccoli w/garlic sauce) I can definitely say that I will be going back. Oh yeah, my meal totaled a little over $6.50. Who could ask for more?I know it's a cliche to praise a vegetarian place by saying you can barely tell it's vegetarian, but since I eat a wide range of cuisines and sometimes have to help veggie friends order off omnivorous menus, it's nice to be able to tell omnivores that they'll sincerely enjoy anything they try, as much as if meat were involved. Never been proved wrong! 
Personal entree favorites: Eight Treasure Hotpot and the Dragon and Phoenix. I like to top the meal off with a mango milk shake. Lunch specials are good too, but I usually come slightly before or after the rush, so somewhere between 11 and one.Although the food is quite good, I strongly recommend only ever eating there in-person. As is the case with many Chinese restaurants, there is a large language barrier: it is difficult to understand what the person on the phone is saying, and the person on the phone does not always understand your order. Unlike most Chinese restaurants, Su Xing will not fix its delivery order mistakes. In one order, they forgot our rice. We called asking them to deliver the rice, and we think their response was that they would fix it next time. Whatever it was, their solution was not to deliver the rice that was supposed to be part of the meal we paid for. 
In what became our last delivery order with them, I requested a side of white rice. Mindful of the problems with the previous order, I asked them to repeat the order back to me several times. I could not understand what was said back to me, but I thought it sounded close. Since I had repeated the order multiple times to them, I thought they probably had repeated the correct order to me. They delivered an order of vegetable fried rice, a dish I do not like (their peas are not cooked enough for my taste), and a more expensive dish. We called to tell them the delivery was wrong. They did not fix the order, they offered no refund, and they blamed the miscommunication on me. We paid for food we didn't eat. Su Xing did not care. We will not order delivery from this place again. Due to their lack of concern for their customers, we probably won't be stopping by in-person either.Really great selections for veggie lovers. I had the Chow Fun and added seitan with a side of seaweed and miso soup. The seaweed is different than other places I've had so be wary if you're a cautious eater. I also asked for my meal extra spicy but they did not comply but it was still delicious.Su Xing has wonderful, cheap, vegetarian take-out that is super close to work. I used to think of greasy, heart clogging food when I thought of Philly, but this place (and Yelp, of course) is helping me to revise my opionion.
I do not think all of their dishes are created equal, though. If every one of them was as delicious as General Tso Tofu I would probably give this place 5 stars, because that was one of the most amazing fried tofu experiences of my life. 
Alas, the Singapore Chow Mei Fun didn't live up to my expectations. It wasn't bad, but I wonder if maybe they were running short on curry today. It was just bland. They have a pepper next to this item on the menu, but it was anything but spicy. I may try it again and ask them for extra curry or perhaps just go back to the tofu. Of course, it was still a ton of food for just $7, but it really needed something.
I'm also still not sure how I feel about the Hot and Sour soup. To be honest, having had it twice I still can't find that there's much sour in it at all. I don't seem to be able to taste much of anything beyond the hot, but it is hot in such a good way that I can't seem to stop eating it. I actually broke a sweat from their soup. So, I'm torn. I really think they could make a better soup, but yet when I get it I can't stop eating it. It's very mysterious.
Finally, though this isn't probably that important. Maybe it's cause I'm so incredibly white, but they don't give me chopsticks unless I specifically ask for them.I dined here over the weekend, a vegetarian friend recommended it.  There's not a whole lot to say, the look of the place is pretty run of the mil for a Chinese restaurant.  The table are oddly far away from the seats, would be great for a very large person.  
The menu felt limited to me.  I have eaten at many veggie\vegan Chinese places so I kind of expected more.  The server was just kind of there, no smile, no personality.  The app took a long time to arrive and the dumplings were just not that good. They were mushy and not full of flavor.  The main entree arrived shortly after the appetizers were cleared.  A lot of breading and a lot of frying to give the sesame chicken more of a real meat kind of texture.  It was good, but a little too fried, it was kind of hard.  The other entree was only had a splattering of brocoli, should have been more.  
Overall, I would rate it 2.5 stars if I could, but I can't and it just doesn't deserve a 3rd star.Sesame tofu is MY LIFE right now. Writing this AS I eat. Wish I had come here with a friend so we could split this and an appetizer as I can't eat it all by myself. Tasty jasmine tea too! Enjoying the lively Mandarin chatter among the waitresses.A vegetarian-only Chinese restaurant with decent prices and methods of cooking beyond deep-frying? I'm in love!
This vegan-friendly spot has an expansive menu and a "house special mei fun soup" that fills my pho cravings time and time again. I swap out tofu for the veggie ham that's included 'cause I like it better that way, but the broth, veggies (hello, shiitakes!) and thousands of noodles for around $7 make me the happiest little girl in the city.
And I think it's a female-owned biz... so that makes me smile, too.Have ordered several times and always find something new and interesting in addition to the stand-bys like General Tso's and scallion pancakes. The menu is extensive.Dude... Seriously... Best Vegan Chinese food I've had in the city and its affordable!!! My fiance and I go here at least once a week and we never get tired of their amazing food. I'm usually easy to please when it comes to chinese so every time I go I get their Sesame Seitan. I HIGHLY recommend it! My fiance likes a bit of a variety she usually gets either the Hot Pot, Chow Mei Fun Singapor Style, and Soy Protein with Broccoli and Brown Sauce. She recommends these highly! Also for an app get the spring rolls or the vegetable dumplings. Dine in or eat out the food is amazing! Also their delivery is FAST!I never knew this place existed, hidden in plain sight on the 1500 block of Sansom. I really enjoyed the veg food we had. The cold sesame noodles are delicious and a steal at $5.50. My friends sesame tofu was good as well. We were tucked away in a back room, and took our time ordering and such. The service was great, and they accept credit cards too. The menu is huge. Come check it out!DELICIOUS. Great healthy little Asian place, my favorite kinda food to eat when tired like I often am during traveling but as a person who doesn't eat meat or dairy I'm often afraid to try new places. This was a great find in a convenient location. Even my mom who doesn't like "rabbit food" enjoyed it. She had fried rice, which is fairly traditional but has tofu, while I had bean curd with mix vegetables. It was plenty for two meals, I wish I would've had a way to save it.It's been awhile since I've been to this little gem of a restaurant. It's still very good. I went for lunch. The service is prompt, friendly ....the food is delicious, healthy and vegetarian. Today I had Braised Wheat Gluten with Zucchini and Mushrooms in a brown sauce. Yum. This meaty dish is tasty and dense. you cannot even tell it's vegetarian protein. I had hot n sour soup and  spring roll. Lunch specials are really a good deal.Delicious, quality food. It's everything you would want for Chinese takeout, and it's all veggie!!! The lunch special is a great deal with soup, entree, side, and rice for under $10 and it came put fast. I chose hot & sour soup, general tso's seitan, and mushrooms-all were great and I can't wait to try some more dishes.So I finally decided to try out this restaurant. The meals I tried were delicious and made well, Singapore noodle and hot pot. The serving sizes are large, so if you want to try out a few dishes be prepared to head home with a take out box.This is one of the best places to eat at if you are downtown.  I make a point of going at least twice a month and love it every single time!
Its prices are absolutely convenient, the quality of food is excellent and the amount is actually very generous.
Did I say love it, Love It, LOVE IT!!!?Delish , the tea and water kept flowing , the food ( sesame tofu & schezuan? Tofu) was delish also tried the singapore noodles.. ... All in all everything was tasty I went 2 days in a row after bikram which def means I'll be back being a non meat eater I can appreciate the vast amounts of vegetarian fareSpectacular. Bubble tea and the sesame tofu are awesome.
They don't accept American Express -- Visa + Mastercard only.There aren't many exclusively vegetarian Chinese restaurants.  Granted most Chinese restaurants offer a fair amount of vegetarian options, they are usually a variation on the same things.  This restaurant takes classical meat dishes and interprets them in a very unique and vegetarian way.  My boyfriend and I loved it.  I value his opinion the most, being that he is Chinese and actually from China.
The dining room is very well decorated, with good use of space.  The sectioning of the restaurant assures a combination of privacy and a sense of openness.  The lighting was perfect, and the noise level was minimal.  No music though.
The portions are large, and I loved that they offered brown rice.  The sauces were not overly salty, and were not oily in the least (my usual complaints about Chinese restaurants).  The food was well seasoned and had great flavor.  My boyfriend got the "as you wish roll" with peapod leaves, and I got the dried bean curd with spiral seaweed.  My only disappointment was that there were no other vegetables in the stir fry, but it was so tasty it didn't really matter.
There are almost too many options, also very typical of Chinese restaurants.  It's almost better to ask yourself what you feel like, and then see if they have it, because chances are they do.I stopped by for lunch with my parents over the weekend. The interior of the restaurant was dimly lit but I liked the atmosphere. As soon as we sat down, we were brought water and tea, both of which were constantly refilled.
We each got a different lunch special, which includes your choice of soup, side, and rice with the entree, all for under eight dollars (most were about six or seven dollars). 
The lotus root peanut soup was delicious, though there wasn't much lotus root. I got the veggie steak in black pepper sauce, which was pretty good; my only complaint is that there was too much sauce. The side of seaweed was also good. I got my meal with brown rice. My dad's General Tso's tofu was fantastic, as many reviews have mentioned. I've never had tofu fried like that. However, he asked for white rice but got brown. He didn't mind too much and didn't ask the waitress to change it.
All in all, a great discovery in the city. I look forward to going back sometime.I came here for lunch with my husband after I checked into our hotel. It was next to our hotel and the reviews on Yelp made it sound heavenly and it sure was. 
Initially we were the only customers in the restaurant but that changed soon enough. After looking at their menu I ordered the potato and cauliflower curry and my husband ordered the General Tso's tofu, both the lunch special. For appetizer we ordered the scallion pancakes. 
The pancakes were great. Nice and fried and came with a dipping sauce. My lunch special was okay. I much preferred my husband's and I wished I also ordered it. The potato and cauliflower was a bit bland while his tofu was crispy and delicious. The hot and sour soup and spring roll that I had with the lunch special was also delicious.
Overall great place. I would definitely come again when I'm in PA. I didn't even tell my husband till the end that this was a vegetarian restaurant and he said that he didn't even miss the meat! Service was decent, especially for a Chinese restaurant. Tons of seating!This place rocks. It's cozy, nicely decorated, and service is really quick and efficient. The menu is almost overwhelmingly large, and everything is enormously portioned and delicious. I have a clear memory of sitting inside for a long time during a blizzardy snowstorm, eating a huge bowl of their amazing corn soup. It's cheap and comfortable and the perfect place for a date.Terrific food and presentation. Very attentive service - your water or tea cups will never be empty. The crispy sesame was the big winner, as was the spicy hot and sour soup.I was a little hesitant about vegetarian sweet and sour, but it was absolutely delicious!  Got delivery via Grubhub and was still hot.  Would recommend the hot and sour soup as well.  Will definitely go back next time we are in Philly.this is far and away my most frequently visited lunch place, mostly because of the braised mushrooms (side dish) and hot and sour soup. get them.Great place, great food! I love the ambiance and I frequent this place almost every week. You get tons of food for such a small price too!! The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because the servers could use a little more help in customer service.this place was easily the WORST vegetarian chinese food i've ever had. the place was EMPTY which should've been my first indication to get the hell outta there..but i decided to give it a try..
the only flavor i could taste was salt and the rice was so dry it was inedible. 
i ordered a bubble tea while i was waiting, and i was handed the most watered down beverage i've ever had. i wouldve been better off ordering an ice water.
needless to say, im NEVER going back, and urge others to STAY AWAYI got take out at this place while visiting Philly.  I needed something healthy, and I ordered a vegetable tofu dish off the chef's specialties menu.  It had baby corn and tofu and mushrooms and lots of other vegetables.  The portion was very large; I only ate half, if that.  I was able to get brown rice with it, which was great.S-L-O-W on the service, and the bubble tea is seriously watery and lacking in foamy goodness. The portions for lunch were decent just everything is over sauced to death. If you order anything just request the bottle of sauce on the side.Very quick and friendly service. The food was quite tasty, especially the Hot and Sour soup. And it's nice to have a Chinese place just for Vegetarians. My one recommendation is NOT to over order. After we got a cup of soup, the onion cakes and sesame noodles (which we thought was a side), we were already completely full. And that was before our two entrees came. We ended up eating only about half of our food. The Mango Tea Tapioca is excellent.We were coming in from a long day of Friday work, and hunger pangs.  (Stopped into Nodding Head next door for a great beer on tap -were too tired even to BYoB - Nodding Head gave us great service by the way).  
Although we were hungry, we went easy on the entrees and heavy on the apps., as the man in my life likes fried stuff.
The scallion pancakes are really good for fried food - mmm.  The two waiters that always serve us there remembered that we like extra sauce (tastes a little like Ponzu with Yuzu and soy) for the pancake (remembers from once before going!)
I had the Hot and Sour soup, which is a light broth with just the right touch of white pepper, mm!  Has a little bit of tofu and different fungus.
We split two entrees and just had one brown rice to split.  It was so good, we just sat there and talked and ate the whole thing.  But it was nice and light, so no need to worry about being too stuffed.
They have several Hot Pots, I ordered the Eight Treasures without tofu, which it comes with.   Without tofu, it was delicious!!!   It is also seasoned with a bit of vegan ham so it is smoky.  I usually ask if the tofu is fried or not, because I don't like that fried taste.  At some places, they will offter silken tofu instead - I know the chef does not intend for the dish to come out that way, but it makes it so nice.
We also ordered Vegetables Chen-tu Style - we lucked out, also very nice and light and with the great flavor of celery!  Oh wow, everything was just so good.  
If you're looking for a filling soup, try the vegetable tofu - their broths are hot and flavorful, just with fhe right seasoning.
Next time we will bring some wine and have another feast - as soon as possible.
Not to mention, but their prices are very low.  If you go for lunch it is even lower, however you will not have room for dinner.
Their service is so nice, however, we always leave a good sized tip - which makes the nice pricer - but a tip for their excellent food and lovely smiles and attentiveness is never enough!Very good veg!!! So yummy. I believe the tofu here is a must-have. Also love the glass noodle in hot pot. I'll try more for next time going!I ordered delivery the other day, and it was great. The food came quickly, it was inexpensive, and very good. I especially like the General Tso's tofu and the cold sesame noodles.So I am a big fan of chinese food.  Authentic at that.  So when I was told by my friends who live in Philadelphia that if you want vegetarian chinese, you want to come here.. and so we went.  I have to say that the scallion pancake along with the lotus peanut soup were not half bad.  But the best was General Tsao's chicken aka the veggie meat.  Service very attentive, love the fact you can hang up your coat in the closet (maybe this is normal outside of NYC, down here we hold on to our coats unless its inside of a coatcheck being guarded by a pretty girl who is looking for your next dollar as a tip) as well as having an upstairs and a downstairs.  Decor very warm.  If I am in mood for veggie chinese.  I am coming back here.I've been here twice- disliked it the first time and actually threw my takeout in the trash the second time. I'm only giving it 2 stars (rather than the -2 I think it deserves) because it seems that everyone else loves this place! Maybe I caught them on bad days. The first time I went was shortly after they opened, The portions were small and pricey for what they were, and the overall feeling at the table was that things were either too gelatinous or too dry. The second time I ordered broccoli and garlic sauce to go (how do you even mess that up?!), and what I got was overcooked-to-the-point-of-mush broccoli that somehow absorbed none of the flavor of the way-too-spicy garlic sauce. They are higher-end than most other Chinese places, but the food certainly didn't warrant the price hike- especially for take out. I'd rather order through bullet proof glass at a generic "number #1 Chinese and American food", pay $4, and get something delicious.I have introduced a couple of vegetarians to this place and they have been going back regularly ever since. 
While I'm not a a vegetarian, I get the General Tso's Tofu all the time with sweet and sour soup, brown rice, and braised mushrooms. It's only about $7 and you get enough food for two lunches. The food is quite tasty and always well prepared. I never thought I would say this, but I prefer their tofu to most chicken I would get at other Chinese restaurants. 
They prepare high quality, delicious, vegetarian Chinese food quickly and economically. Tough to beat.I came for lunch with a friend on a rainy Saturday. The service was attentive but that could because there wasn't much customers in the restaurant. Nonetheless I was was very satisfied with the service. Our orders came very fast. We both had the lunch specials. She had the general tso and I had the soy nuggets. The sauce was tasty and texture of the Seitan was a little chewy. We both thought it tasted very much like real meat. I have been to two other Chinese vegetarian restaurants ( Veggie lover and and New Harmony) and this by far is the best. I am definitely going come back to dine in or take out. Another plus is that the free tea was very fragranced and tasted great.This is one of my favorite restaurants in Philly. I especially love the mu shu. The lunch specials are so well-priced and the portions are quite generous. I also love the bubble tea. The restaurant is also kosher, which is a huge plus. Definitely recommend.Great food! Best Chinese I've had in awhile.My wife and I love this place! They are all vegetarian and I'm a protein guy but I absolutely love this place. They also have brown rice on request for those watching GI. They give generous portions especially for the price. Nothing tastes greasy so you don't leave this place feeling like a disgusting blob. Definitely worth checking out!We ate here this evening. The food was really good and the wait staff attentive.  I am a vegetarian so was delighted to find this restaurant.  It's very reasonably priced.Best Chinese style vegetarian food I ever had. This place is legit. From presentation, quality of the ingredients and the service were impeccable. 5 stars in my book.Loved this place! Great service and HUGE selection of vegetarian items to choose from. Seriously didn't know you could make that much stuff from tofu!My go to lunch spot in Center City (i come here all the time). I can only vouch for lunch because i have only come once for dinner yet still got something available on the lunch menu (sesame seitan).  My fav dish! 
Lunch is unbeatable -- soup, side and main (large portion) for under $10. 
Unlimited jasmine tea and i mean unlimited - if you put your cup down, you WILL get more lol. 
Waitresses and hostess (owner?) are always super sweet. 
In and out at lunch in less than 20 mins! 
Ive tried a lot of lunch menu
Highlights: 
Sesame Seitan
Chow mei fun
Chow mei fun Singapore style 
HOT N SOUR SOUP YUMMMM
These are my normal staples... 
I am vegan and never have issues - they even have soy ice cream! 
A+ happy customer!Although I've been a vegetarian for decades, I have never appreciated fake meat that too commonly dominates vegetarian restaurants. This is why I LOVE Su Xing.  They pay close attention to each vegetable, no dish seems to be slapped together without thought.  Servings are huge and very reasonably priced.  I love their Ebony and Ivory, Stir Fried Peapods, Seaweed Salad, I could go on and on. They also deliver until 11PM on weekends which is rare around these parts.  It always hits the spot beautifully.Honestly, I don't say this a lot, but I've never had a bad meal here. I work nearby so I've been partaking in their lunch specials for the better part of 10 years. As a lifelong vegetarian I am overjoyed to have a place where I can choose ANYTHING on the menu. I usually dine in for lunch-The lunch specials are an entree, a side, a soup and a rice. Most are under $10 for all this! Crazy. 
They are QUICK, they will serve the 3 course lunch in under an hour-I've honestly never waited. I always think I'll go here and read but they are just too fast! I usually get through one paragraph before my soup arrives. Plus if you dine in you are served hot tea with your meal-a bonus you won't get with takeout. The servers are prompt and attentive (some can be a bit curt, but I usually don't mind this over the lunch hour.) 
I'm a big fan of the hot & sour soup, and everything I've ordered has been flavorful and delicious. The portions are perfectly sized and priced to make this an easy pick. (Hard to believe, but I spend more and wait longer at Honeygrow down the street for takeout stir fry- so I'd prefer to go here for a real meal on a real plate with sides and tea). 
The food is outstanding. Dozens of vegetarian and vegan options all over the spectrum. Never greasy or gummy (which can happen with seitan and other fake meats easily). The sauces are great, and the vegetables are cooked perfectly each time. The only minor complaint is that I ordered the scallion pancakes and they were a little oily and dense. I probably wouldn't order them again, but I still ate half of them-taste was good, just too heavy and greasy for my taste.
Lunch crowd is what you'd expect. Old friends catching up and quick business lunches for small groups or single diners like me. I think they have a Credit Card limit of $10, so beware of that before going in alone.3.5.. Met with a friend for a lunch date.  It's a vegetarian spot that unlike many other vegetarian Chinese spots aren't too big on making soy products fit the bill of being meat.  Look, if I don't eat meat, it probably has something to do with the fact that I don't like the taste of it, either.  Why one would try to make soy taste like beef or anything else is beyond me.
Anyway, besides my mini-rant there, this spot is pretty good.  I liked the hot and sour soup here.  Good, creative vegetarian dishes, but alas, like many a Chinese joint, can be very oily.This place has an awesome lunch special.  Expect to get a great meal for under $7 (plus tip).  I've had both the lotus root and hot and sour soups and both are tasty.  I found the hot and sour to be a bit more flavorful (peppery, as another reviewer noted), but I found it to be a little bit thick, which I wasn't expecting.
I've had the stir fried green beans, and the general tso's veggies.  The green beans were excellent, very flavorful.  The general tso's veggies, at least in my order, came with seitan, as well.  Definitely had that great deep-fried feel you want from a general tso's dish (diet food this is not).  I like that there seem to be a breadth of things, from lighter fare to the deliciously deep-fried items.
Service is attentive, and I appreciate that the meal comes with brown/white rice, spring roll, and hot tea!Best veg Gen Tso's.  Mostly soy chicken- not a dough ball with a marble-sized piece of TVP at the center... and the sauce is always perfect.  I eat here more often than anywhere when I want to hide away and decompress from a stressful morning.  I aldo dig how they add some protein to Mei & Chow Fun (veggie ham or chicken).One of my favorite places to eat and get delivery from!! My favorite is the Sesame Seitan and Veggie Heaven. soups are great and the lunch specials are awesome for weekdays.Of the 6 or 7 veg Chinese restaurants in Philly, Su Xing is the most different: they're a totally vegan establishment but don't do the fake meat thing. Lunch specials are filling and interesting--they've got some really unique items--but your best bet is  to go with a big group for family-style so that everybody can try a bunch of different stuff.So, I'm not a vegetarian. Not even close. Still, this is my go-to spot for Chinese food in Center City. Even if you're a meat eater, you won't miss the meat at all. Prices are very reasonable, portion size is good, and it's generally ready very quickly. I placed an order today, and by the time I got to Su Xing from my office at 16th and Chestnut (like, a block and a half away), it was ready and waiting for me. 
One word of caution. The hot and sour soup - *VERY* spicy. I guess since they can't use chicken stock, they make up for it by making the soup extremely spicy. Personally, I'm a huge fan of spicy food, so it's fine by me - just don't order the hot and sour soup and expect it to be like your local Chinese take out place.I love this restaurant!  Saytay on a stick and Home Style Bean Curd were really good!  Excellent service as well.The first thing that greets you here is usually a smiling face.  You sit down to an incredibly large menu with many things to choose from.  After you order, you wash your hands with an incredible coconut soap that smells delicious.  Your order comes out in good time (only a little more than usual if extremely packed, which it usually is!  but I never have to wait too terribly long.)  The vegetables I usually order with sauce on the side - and the sauces are flavorful and good and salty.  I've never had a better vegetarian hot and sour soup ever - the flavors of everything I've tried here are very subtle and well-balanced.  It's a 5-star in my book for what they offer -I only gave it a 4-star because 5-star restaurants are much more expensive.  There is definitely a culinary edge here, worth going to for lunch - although dinner is better since you'll always eat too much and want to fall asleep.I can believe I haven't reviewed this place yet. I love it and crave it often. They have the best lunch special deal. Under $9 for soup, entree with rice and a side! I'm obsessed with their sesame tofu which is weird because I'm not usually a tofu person (which is terrible as a vegetarian) but it's so good here. My friend always gets the seitan dishes and those are amazing if you like the mock meat texture. I would recommended to even non vegetarians!For a lunch at $7-$8 you can stuff your face with soup, spring roll, and main platter that will delight even the staunchest meat eater. I love the hot and sour soup more than any I've ever tried. I am usually torn between ordering the general tso's tofu, general tso's veg., sesame seitan, and sweat and sour tofu.AHMAZING
got the general Tso's Seitan. 17 G protein, 15 g carb, and 7 g sugars. I didn't have the rice because I was so stuffed, couldn't even finish the broccoli. A must have while in this area. Service was prompt and the lunch version was only some $8!!
It came with a spring roll and hot and sour soup - would rate that a 7/10 because I've had better but the Seitan was on point.I ordered #26 Kale with dry bean curd to go
While the dish I got was OK, it was made with Gai Lan.(Chinese broccoli).
I love Gai Lan, but I expect to get what I order.
Furthermore, you cannot tell me it was a mistake - what kind of a cook does not know Gai Lan from Kale? They are nothing alike.
This is a case of someone banking that the client is too ignorant to know which green the are eating. Sorry Charlie - I know my produce - You lose!!We came back for lunch and it was great as always. My mushroom delight with the seaweed salad and hot and sour soup was very good and I really liked the touch of sesame in the sauce. The "as you wish" rolls were fantastic with a great balance of shiitake, golden mushrooms, bean curd, and celery wrapped in a bean curd sheet, then roasted and seasoned. This is a must try here!  The home style bean curd was great as well!  It is made with fried tofu as an FYI. Service was great and our tea was refilled consistently.Su Xing offers vegetarian Chinese.  It's a pretty small restaurant that gets most of its business during the weekday lunch hour.  Their lunch special is a great value--you get a soup, a side, and an entree for $7.  I've had better vegetarian Chinese, but their mushrooms are really hearty.  Their taro bubble tea is pretty funky (in a good way).  I really don't have much to say about the food.  The decor is pretty lackluster as well.  It's really dark inside because they have no overhead lighting.Our meal was very tasty. Fried tofu, spring rolls, potato cauliflower curry, vegetable heaven, and Saitan sesame. We all enjoyed what we ate. The hot tea served with the meal was very good and the server kept the cups full which was nice. We would certainly recommend this to vegans looking for some variation to their routine.Had lunch here. Food is very cheap, filling, comes out fast, and is decent. Tea and water were refilled regularly.
My biggest complaint is that the menu was hard to decipher as the dishes are missing description (e.g. one item is just "Mushroom Delight" without an explanation).
I had a lunch special: eggplant, brown rice, tofu, seaweed, and miso soup. I didn't think anything was particularly great, but measured as a cheap lunch spot to satisfy hunger, this spot is hard to beat.Came here with a friend on a weekend in Philly, lured by the intriguing premise of a vegetarian Chinese restaurant. As two Asian girls raised on stir-fried beef, pork, and chicken, we were both a little confused as to how a Chinese place could sustain itself without meat. The answer: by cooking damn good food. 
We ordered the scallion pancakes, the spicy tofu, and a curry dish. Everything was delicious, hot and speedy, they provide ample portions of rice, and we had enough to bring home for lunch the next day, but one thing and one thing only completely blew our minds: the scallion pancakes. I could've eaten 100 of them on my own. The appetizer portion is more than enough for an actual meal, the soy sauce that comes with it is just perfect, they're cooked to a perfect crisp and arrived hot and fresh from the oil. Amazing. Would return, meat be damned.
Side note: it's actually a really nice place on the inside, with two separated seating areas, and the waitstaff is efficient, if a little sassy. A bit on the pricey side for Chinese food, at 8 bucks a dish, but hey, this isn't Chinatown.This place is fantastic! First things first, I can usually find parking nearby which is a magical and unusual event in Center City. Arriving there I am greeted by the lovely hostess who is always smiling and friendly. I have not been there during lunch hour so I don't have anything to say about their famed specials but for under $30 or so I get two entrees, soup, and a drink for my husband and I. There are always plenty of leftovers to have later on. 
Regarding the food, I have yet to find anything that beats their delicious General Tso's tofu. Whenever I go there I generally get one of that + one other entree to try. The triple shredded in garlic sauce is wonderful. I found the Kung Pao tofu lacking but that's just my opinion. Their three mushroom soup is to die for. All in all, wonderful place for a low-key date!The food here is ok, not the best not the worst. I really enjoyed some items while others fell flat. They give you a large portion of food at an inexpensive price, which is always a plus. I'm giving an extra star for the incredible wait staff! They were very attentive and friendly and made the dining experience more enjoyable.
P.s. They prefer that you pay in cashThis is my go to vegetarian & kosher Chinese food restaurant in Philly. All of their dishes are great but I love the Sesame Seitan. They provide free tea and the service is prompt.Definitely a hidden gem. You wouldn't think much of this place by just walking by. Kind of a nondescript marquee, and it's dark inside so you can't really see inside the windows. As far as Chinese places go, you'd probably just keep on walking.
But Su Xing is 100% vegetarian and probably 50-60% vegan too, which is a huge draw, and more importantly -- the food is GREAT!
Now why is this a 4-star review? Well, I'm not a vegan or a vegetarian.....I like my meat, a lot, but my girlfriend is a vegetarian and she's started taking me out to good vegetarian-only spots. I don't know if I'm qualified to judge on how "good" of a vegetarian restaurant Su Xing is, but as an omnivore, the food is really good.
We both had tofu dishes -- mine was General Tso's (I know, I'm sorry, I'm basic) and hers was black bean. Both dishes were inexpensive ($11-$13ish) and featured huge portions of tofu, fried to a perfect crispy gold on the outside with a fluffy interior. 
We shared a seaweed pancake to start, which I assumed was going to be like a scallion pancake but with seaweed instead of scallions. WRONG -- we were given a plateful of pancakes made out of seaweed, I think mixed with some sort of wheat gluten to bind it together. They were so unique and chewy and delicious, although better with just a touch of soy sauce.
My girlfriend had a taro milk bubble tea which was amazing, and I think made with soy milk (ask them to make sure if you're vegan). I stuck with the complimentary house jasmine tea, which I must've drank seven cups of it was that good. 
Service was excellent and fast, and they never let my tea cup remain empty for more than 10 seconds or so. 
We will be back!Excellent vegetarian Chinese with great mock meats that make you think that you're actually eating meat. Everything I've tried was really good. Much better than most Chinese restaurants.I went here with a friend for a last minute, casual dinner.  I had eaten earlier, so I opted for the scallion pancake and spring roll from the appetizer menu.  I don't recall what my friend ordered.  The spring rolls were hot and fresh, my friend's entrée was delicious but the pancake tasted like... it was perhaps not as fresh as possible.  It wasn't terrible, but not as good as  I was hoping.  Service was polite, quick and fairly attentive, though a bit brusque (the server kept the tea coming though) and the prices were amazing.  I would definitely try again, though perhaps a different item.Very good vegetarian place for when I feel like being vegetarian which seems to be happening more and more after living in center city.
I would like to think the food is healthy because it's vegetarian, but I dint know unless I pull a mike moore and ear there for 30 days.
Customer service 4 stars
Food: 4.5 stars
Only thing I don't like is that they dont take AMEX :(I have always enjoyed everything I've ordered at Su Xing House. I most often visit to get take-away, but I also find the staff friendly and the service prompt when I dine in. I especially enjoy the seitan dishes (which are also relished by the omnivores among my friends) and the eggplant tofu in garlic sauce. BYOB.I was on a vegan cleanse.  I needed real food.  Enter Su Xing House.  I had the Sesame Abalone Mushroom (see photo) it was divine.  Granted, I was hungry and desperate but it really was delicious.  I have also had the fried brown rice and it was also very good.  
We have only really been there after matinee theater so the place has never really been crowded.  
The decor is dark, cozy and the place is really clean.  
I would recommend this place for a quick and quiet weekend lunch.Sooooo good. All of my non-veggie friends love this place. In fact, I've never met anyone who doesn't love it. Their sesame tofu is to die for and their sesame seitan is pretty great  too. The lunch special cannot be beat, especially since you can get it on Saturdays. It's enough for two meals at least! I've had better chow fun other places, but that's about it. Everything else cannot be beat.AMAZING.  My husband and I lived in Philly for years and now that we live in San Francisco, we always go to Su Xing when we're back in town visiting family.  We always get the Triple Shredded in Garlic Sauce and always crave it here in SF!!  great food, great lunch specials, great portions, and it's BYOB!Su Xing is nothing short of magical.
1.) Everything is vegetarian, the entire, enormous, well-rounded menu. The joy of ordering whatever you want is something every vegetarian can get excited about.
2.) The food is DELICIOUS. After at least ten visits, I've never tasted anything that I didn't like. The General Tsao's Veg is my forever favorite, I recommend it to everyone.
3.) The service is excellent. Your water glass (and little cup of tea) will never be empty. I don't know how they do this, but the waitresses at Su Xing should teach the rest of the planet how to be so gloriously efficient and super.
4.) The portions are enormous. If you love leftovers, come here! You will eat for days off of one meal, I swear.
5.) The prices! Very reasonable, especially considering the quality, the flavor, the service, and the quantity of food. 
Seriously, magical.I absolutely love Su Xing! It is my absolute favorite lunch spot in center city and I usually eat there 3 or 4 times a month. 
Su Xing is a cozy, 100% vegeterian Chinese resturant with a shockingly inexpensive lunch menu. Nowhere have I had tofu cooked as wonderfully! I really can't say enough good things about this restaurant. The staff is very kind, there is plenty of seating (no wait!) and unlimited free hot tea! The dinner menu is a bit more expensive so I would recommend an introductory lunch trip if possible.YUM! Why did it take me so long to come here? Vegan Chinese food & closer to my house than New Harmony. That's a win! (Except that I think I like New Harmony better.)
Our waitress seemed to either hate her job or hate us, so I made it a point to be extra super effusive: "Thank you SOOO much, I LOOOOVEEEE the soup, etc, etc." Eventually, she cracked a smile, that's also a win.
I had the hot & sour soup (hotter than New Harmony's, NH's is more sour...I prefer NH's). We also had dumplings (SO good--I didn't want to share) and spring rolls. I ordered curry potatoes + peas + cauliflower (I combined 2 dishes because I wanted peas AND cauliflower, she made sure I understood they'd be charging me an extra $1 GASP!) and my dining companion ordered the General Tso's tofu. I liked his better, he liked mine better: we traded. For dessert, I had the chocolate sorbet. 
Good food and actually comical how angry our waitress was. I'll go back again for sure!I Yelped this place looking for a vegan spot to get lunch! So glad people write reviews!!! Two words: sesame seitan. Just a wonderful dish. I needed a knife to cut it (ordered it takeout). Was so good with broccoli and brown rice. Went back the next day for the same meal! My new fav spot when I am downtown and want to get a filling bite to eat that won't kill my pocketbook! MmmmmHealthful, Vegetarian, Ample Portions, and hooray.  This place is wonderful. It is obsessively clean, has 8 different colors of lights in any of their room, and has the approval of Martin Yan from Yan Can Cook for being a great healthy Chinese Restaurant. I am not a vegetarian, and this place still rocks the boat. Hooray.Self-proclaimed meat lover, here.  I know what you're thinking.  "Vegetarian Chinese?  Sounds less-than-tasty and unsatisfying."  Well, you're wrong.  This place is legit.  One of the best and cheapest lunch spots in the area.  What you get for your money is absolutely ridiculous!  For $6.95 + tax & tip, I got:
-hot tea, filled to the brim pretty much every time I took a sip
-a spring roll with duck sauce
-miso soup
-heaping portion of brown rice
-enough General Tso's tofu to last me two days for lunch
Speaking of the General Tso's tofu - I'm talking crispy, delicious, pillows of guilt-free goodness.  My dining partner got the General Tso's veg and loved it just as much.
Servers can be a little hard to flag down during the lunch rush, but once you get their attention, they'll bring whatever you need in a flash: carry-out boxes, the check, etc.
Go here!To be honest, I thought this place did not live up to the hype.  I ordered the vegetables, tofu & glass noodles in a hot pot and it was a little bland.  The portion size was large for the price, but the flavor was flat.  The server was very attentive and the staff was friendly, and you get free tea.We came for an early dinner.  The service was so great.  Really attentive and the food came out really quick!  It was really nice to eat Chinese food that was not heavy or greasy( the 10 treasure hot pot was delicious and actually full is shiitake mushrooms) sliced oranges and fortune cookies at the  end !  I wish we had this place in Boston.I was staying just a few blocks away from here and really bummed because the meeting I was attending had TERRIBLE TERRIBLE food. (Who serves cold cuts?!)
Then I found Su Xing House, and ate there for dinner every night I was in town. Great service - super quick, very polite. and the food was amazing and totally affordably priced. 
I had the scallion pancake and the sesame tofu the first night.  HUGE portions of delicious food. I was bummed that I was staying in a hotel  with note place to reheat the food or I would have taken my leftovers for breakfast the next morning. 
I also got take out from here to bring back to my room the following night (working while eating is easier at a hotel desk than a dimly lit restaurant), and the food was still super-hot by the time I got back to my room 10-15 minutes after pick up. The fried tofu was still super-crisp, and the sauce was just the same texture/flavorfulness it would have been at the restaurant. 
If I return to philadelphia, I'll definitely go back.This is one of the best vegetarian restaurants that I ever been!
The food is awesome - I suggest the sesame seitan and the fried tofu with cashew nuts. The price is very good, good amount of food, and I also love the jasmine with green tea that they serve with water.
The service is good and friendly. They also deliver very fast.
The restaurant has a good decoration and it is very clean. 
I've been in Philly for only 1 month and already went there about 5 times!I will never go here again, or ever recommend this place to anyone. 
The short:
- Extremely rude waitresses
- Food was nothing to write home about
- Pressured to eat quickly because they closed at 11, we got there at 8:30.
- EYELASH IN ONE OF THE DISHES
The long:
I went here for a birthday dinner for someone that is on a Vegan diet.  I'm not vegan, or anywhere close, so I was worried about finding a dish I'd like.  She had reservations for 8:30 for 8, but two of our party were stuck in traffic and got there an hour late.  The rest of us started with appetizers and drinks while we waited.  Our waitress came in (at 9:30) to tell us that we should order because the restaurant closes at 11.  We wanted to wait for the last two people before ordering entrees, and told her.  They walked in 10 minutes later, and our waitress came in 2 minutes later to ask us if we were ready to order.  THEY JUST GOT HERE.   We told her no, we'd need a few minutes.  She asked if the rest of us wanted to order, and we said NO WE NEED A FEW MINUTES.  She came back in 5, and we still weren't ready.  Everyone else at the table was unfamiliar with a vegan/vegetarian diet, and we were all trying to decide what to order.  GIVE US A MINUTE.  She came back in another 5, and we were like fine, fine, we'll order.  THIS WOMAN STARTS SAYING "NEXT!" (LOUDLY) AFTER EACH PERSON SAID WHAT THEY WANTED.  Is this McDonald's???  What kind of restaurant says NEXT to patrons??  I was COMPLETELY annoyed by this time, and if it hadn't been for a birthday dinner, I would have left.  Whatever.  We get our food, and I wasn't impressed.  The best items were the General Tso's Veg (meat-like texture), the spring rolls, dumplings, and sesame noodles.  The dinner items were nothing I'd order again.  AND THERE WAS AN EYELASH IN ONE OF THE DISHES.  So fine.  When we were done eating (at 10:30 incidentally), the waitress comes out with the check.  We give it back to her with the card, she comes back.  As we're standing up and leaving, she ASKS THE CARDHOLDER IF HE SIGNED THE CHECK!!!  
So rude.  I will never go back.Praise:
1). Great selection of decadent fried food and nutritious tofu hot pots.  The scallion pancakes are tasty (though not the best I've ever had), the spring rolls are awesome, and the sesame tofu and sweet and sour soy nuggets are wonderful.  Their tofu/soy protein meals are breaded and fried, so they are super crispy.  The vegetable wrap and hot pots are recommended for guests who enjoy milder dishes without a lot of sauce.  If you want better vegetarian Chinese food (consistently, with variety), you'll have to hoof it to Chinatown.
2) Love the lunch special.  Best deal in the surrounding area for a heaping load of vegetarian food (one soup, one appetizer, and a medium-sized entree with brown rice).  
Caveats:
1). Since most of the tofu and soy protein dishes are dusted with flour/corn-starch and fried before adding to a thick sauce, this is a dangerous place to get takeout from (the breading will soften and lose its crispiness).  Moreover, reheating tends to ruin the dish.  Thus, this is best used as an eat-in restaurant.
2). Weirdly, the last two times I have gone there, the food/service hasn't been as good as it once was.  Less than responsive service, cold spring roll with the lunch special (they're normally freshly fried), and the spring roll served with the entree (so that it started to soak up the other sauce).  Not great.  They also have sent us the wrong dish in the past, but I had forgiven that until recently since the food is usually so tasty.