My go-to place for sushi delivery in the city. Their happy lunch is good price for good portions and decent quality sushi. My favorites are eel, spicy salmon (with avocado), and shrimp tempura rolls. I've also had the chirashi bowl (good slices of fish that taste as fresh as you're gonna get in philadelphia) and the party platter (a bit pricier than I'd like but great variety and taste). Never eaten in though but with free delivery there's no difference than eating in. I like that they're fairly fast for delivery (within half hour) as well.i've had sushi from here twice, and i've not been impressed either time. i tend to get spicy tuna or salmon or some variation of those two fish in their raw state. the quality of the tuna and salmon here is awful. on my last visit, the texture of the fish was off, and it wasn't even chilled to an appropriate temperature. this definitely raised a red flag since i'm taking a risk any time i eat raw fish; lukewarm fish ain't going to cut it. i'm not in the mood to have my stomach real estate taken over by a fish parasite. furthermore, there's always an overwhelmingly fishy smell in that place, which isn't the norm at most other sushi restaurants in the city.The place itself is small and minimalist in decor. Our waitress was friendly, the service was fine, and the sushi was fresh and delicious. I forgot what i ordered, because this place was byob and we drank an entire bottle of 1800 between 3. Good place!I go here weekly, the sushi is awesome, and I want to eat there every day.
The staff is so friendly, they know us by name, they know our friends, and they give us great service.
Also it's BYOBExcellent quality fish and their lunch special is phenomenal.  So glad I live close by this place.  Plus the BYOB Sake is a bonus.  I will be a regular here for sure.Nice place to go. Ordered to go several times. Pretty good
Recommendation: Sushi & Sashimi Lunch. Eel rollI've dined in and ordered delivery and both experiences have been great. My go-to is the naruto roll, which always tastes fresh and has a perfect presentation. Their seaweed salad is delicious and it's a pretty big portion. Can't really beat their lunch specials. Wait staff and delivery staff are really pleasant and no matter how busy they are, your food always comes out/is delivered in a timely manner.I order delivery from here fairly often The staff is very friendly and obliging staff, I love their miso soup and shumai and my boyfriend loves their tuna roll.I wouldn't say the sushi is really that good quality but, it's amazing for the price. Definitely a huge step above grocery store sushi but, not on the same playing field as the really good upscale sushi restaurants in the area. I always get the vegetarian sushi here but, I have tried the Alaska roll and California roll and they were pretty good too. My friends and I all come here on breaks from class or order online and bring it back to our studio.I agree with some reviews that their sushi has maybe a bit too much rice and not the neatest rolls you will find in philly. It is still a great place with very reasonable prices, and its BYOB!
Their special rolls are really good and the shrimp tempura is the best!Very good sushi for Philly. Fish is fresh and the rolls are a nice size. They have traditional rolls and sashimi, and also some more creative, tasty rolls. I don't think they have a kitchen, so chicken-teriyaki people, keep that in mind! 
BYOB is great, fast delivery is even better. Only negative is the restaurant is pretty small, and also, you leave smelling like the restaurant, but sometimes that's not a deal-breaker!My favorite sushi restaurant downtown Philly.
I've been in this sweet sushi spot three times: two dinners and one lunch.
The fish quality was really good. Try the white tuna nigiri (rice and sliced fish on top), that's my favorite. My colleague is a picky eater but he had to admit the white tuna was great. They served delicious rolls, my favorite was the Sumo Roll (don't miss it :). 
For lunch, you can get Sushi Lunch (6 pcs nigiri and California roll) or three maki rolls (both go with miso soup).
I added couples of photos for you guys. Please let me know if my review helps. Cheers!This place is GREAT. They quickly accommodated a group of 12 of us and the service was perfect. Everything the group ordered was great and fresh. We were there for a birthday and were also given free desert for the table! Also the saki bombs were awesome! We felt so comfortable here. Would definitely return!I really like their sushi. For the lunch time, they have happy hours special. It is really cheap for the happy hours and the sushi size is big enough. It is also a quiet place you can actually sit down and talk.This is my go to delivery sushi spot and always will be! Super affordable, fast delivery and delicious.
Last night I ordered an alaska roll, octopus sushi (comes with three pieces!) a miso soup and a side of spicy mayo. All that only came out to $12 including tax and tip. 
The fish always tastes fresh, never mushy, the rolls are totally loaded with fish and the octopus sushi pieces are huge.
The miso soup is one of the better in the city, it is always loaded with seaweed and tofu chunks and is full of flavor.
I have tried their special rolls like the mango tango and the red dragon...but here you don't really need to splurge on special rolls because their basic house rolls are already so good!
I had no idea this place is BYO and have never dined in but I definitely will be after reading some of these reviews!I am all for cheap take out / delivery sushi but this place was gross. We got the sashimi lunch and the 3 roll special. All of the fish had a strange taste to them and were obviously not good quality. Even the Soy sauce had a strange taste and smell. Go somewhere else for your sushi needs. If you are looking for cheap delivery, go to iSushi and get the 3 roll special for $14 and you wont be disappointed. I will not be ordering from here again.The perfect quick and good quality sushi place. I've ordered from here probably upwards of 10 times at this point and I've never been disappointed. And it's so easy to order using yelp!! Free delivery too!Maybe it was what we ordered but the sushi was only ok.  It was convenient to the theater and the staff was very nice but I was not thrilled with the food - sorry.I really did not enjoy sumo sushi. My husband and I decided to give this new sushi place a try since we are sushi lovers. We are by no means sushi experts, but this place did not fit the bill nor did it meet the expectation that the city paper reviewed it as.
We ordered spicy tuna, spicy salmon, miso soup, salad, green jade roll, and yellowtail crunch roll. first of all, the rice was overcooked and mushy. the presentation is sloppy. the "crunch" aspect of each roll that had it was soggy as well.  the soup tasted like metal. the salad was good, but how can you do salad wrong?
the restaurant itself is very small and has minimal seating. we ordered to go, so we cannot speak for the service.  i must say though that what i did see of the decor was minimal, and there was a big chinese cat on the counter of the bar, which i could go on about for days. why is there a chinese cat when it is a japanese restaurant??? 
i don't see myself going back here anytime soon. edible but definitely not enjoyable. don't say that you haven't been warned!Got delivery tonight and everything was excellent. We ordered the Ocean, Crystal and Fantasy rolls and loved all of them. Each contained good and fresh and cuts of tuna, scallops avocado and shrimp. The rolls were well constructed and simply looked great. Sushi and sashimi are two pieces per order at Sumo, we got yellowtail and eel and both were sizable portions. 
We also got shumai which were great, even the side salad was crisp and fresh.
We had heard some mediocre reviews so had stayed away but decided tonight was the night to give them a day in court... verdict: delicious.Love this place! Every thing is so fresh and never had anything that was bad. Besides Aki, this is the only place I will order sushi from. YumI had much higher expectations based on other Yelp reviews but this was, at best, just ok. Rolls were mushy and flavorless. Gyoza was only half filled and very greasy. 
I ordered delivery and it took almost an hour and a half. The sushi was warm and the Gyoza was cold. I have yet to find a good sushi place around here and this is certainly not it.Ordered delivery through Eat24 and arrived within the 45-60 minute range as noted by the site. The eel avocado roll, sumo special roll and the tuna lovers special were all delicious! The meal came with one miso soup. I would definitely order here for sushi again.The sushi here is great. The fish always tastes fresh and the lunch special is wonderful. 
Only giving them 4 stars because the waitresses are ALWAYS in a bad mood when I dine in.I completely forgot about this disaster until a buddy of mine mentioned a food poisoning a couple of days ago, which makes me think nothing changed.
If you know what is good for you, you will avoid this place like a plague ( unless they change owners, chefs and buyers ).  We went there maybe a month after it opened:
1. Miso soup stank of iodine. 
2. Fish in nigiri and sashimi was lukewarm. That's right. Lukewarm.We ordered take-out from here on the way home from the gym. Note to self: Don't ever order food when ravenous post-workout. Seriously, I'm almost embarrassed to reveal how much we ordered. Almost. 
Sumo is an apt name because the portions are large. $2 for a run-of-the-mill miso soup, $3 for a garden salad with peanut-y/ginger-y dressing. I use the term "salad" lightly, as it consisted of 3 cucumbers and 3 onions sitting atop a bed of iceberg lettuce . . . but the dressing was good. 
When it comes to sushi, my motto is less is more. I don't need all the bells and whistles of a dragon-spider-rainbow roll. Give me some quality yellowtail and I'm a happy camper. But like I said, we were RAV, so we got a sweet potato roll, a Volcano roll, a Sakura roll (soft shell crab, cucumber, tuna, avocado), and a Sunshine roll (spicy yellowtail, shrimp, mint, avocado, seaweed). 
The quality of the fish was good, but the rolls were wilted - overburdened by special sauce, tempura crunchies, and too many competing flavors. Now, I know that sushi delivery usually comes with an element of sloppiness, but we ordered take-out, and it only took 10 minutes to get the rolls from restaurant to doorstep. Maybe I'm just not used to special rolls, but to me, sushi should be sharp.
The sweet potato and the Sakura rolls were delish. I really liked the soft shell crab. I was not a fan of the Volcano roll...there was just way too much going on. 
All that being said, I would *totally* come here for their lunch special if I worked close by. $10.95 for miso soup and your choice of 3 rolls (18 classics to choose from), and these are the kinds of rolls that Sumo appears to execute well.  Like I said, I have no problem with the quality of their fish, so this seems like a great deal!Great place for decent, inexpensive sushi. If you eat a lot, as is my case, the party platter for four ($35) is good for two people and the platter for six ($55) is good for four. Good value for what you get. The fish was fresh and the rice had the right amount of vinegar. They serve beer and sake here, but I think they allow BYOB, too.I'm a super fan of sumo sushi. It has become a part of my weekly lineup of lunches. I get it on Monday afternoons when I know I'm going straight from work to Zumba and need a boost of energy and omega 3s on the cheap and easy. 
The Happy Lunch special is the best. Three rolls and Miso for 11 bucks. They have no delivery charge, so even with a tip for the delivery guy it's 13 bucks for 24 pieces of maki and soup. 
I change it up once in a while, but usually I get alaskan, yellowtail, and eel. It is super fresh and probably the best takeout/delivery sushi I have had. And they are so fast to get here. 
Today I ordered at 11:43 and it was here by 12:02. Love the promptness. 
I highly recommend this lovely little situation.Our go-to delivery sushi places everything we've gotten has been good but we always order the Crystal Roll, which has tuna, avocado and spicy scallops. Only downside is delivery time is unpredictable. Sometimes it's taken 20 min, sometimes it's taken an hour.As a sushi fanatic, I was excited for a new place that delivers, so I stopped in to try a roll. I chose the Red Dragon roll - Crunchy spicy tuna inside with tuna and avocado outside. It was incredibly fresh and delicious. Even with all the towering stuff, it stayed together for soy sauce dipping! It seems like Sumo might have had some trouble getting started, but from one outstanding roll, I would surely visit this place again!Fantastic place. I can be a picky sushi eater so unless it's a high end place I always approach skeptically, this place wildly exceeded my expectations. First it's friendly and relaxed, not hectic, that's a huge plus. Second, our waitress was so friendly and pleasant that it really added to experience. 
Onto the food - the price for value is superb, it tasted great and portions were generous. We got pork gyoza, shrimp tempura, and then a bunch of fancy rolls (I think dragon, spider, fancy salmon). Everyone tasted so awesome. 
Then they gave is free icecream in rice pocket (I forget what it's called). Bottom line, go here.I love this place I go often for lunch, they have a very resonable lunch special and their sushi is always fresh. My only complaint is the service is horrible, every time I go I have the same waitress and she is so rude it makes my lunch miserable. Now I just order take out from there I refuse to eat at the restaurant while she's still working there.Decided to give this place shot after reading some reviews on Foobooz... I am happy to say that this place totally impressed.  We ordered delivery and was extremely happy with the food.  The edamame was perfectly salty and the pork dumplings were still crisp!  We got the Red Dragon and Sumo Special rolls both were great however the Sumo special was my husbands fav.  All in all I was shocked at the freshness and quality delivered to my door.  Will definitely go back!How desperate are you for sushi? Your answer to that question has a direct correlation to the question, "Should I order from Sumo?" Choose wisely!Was in Philly for conference and stopped in here for lunch based on other reviews.  The place was empty, it was 2pm so after lunch time, but I was starving.  I ordered the lunch special, which is like $10.95 for 3 rolls and soup, awesome deal and great food.  The sushi was tasty and really fresh!While on a sushi hunt in good ole Center City I was led to Sumo Sushi by a friend. I was under the impression most center city sushi was good but it is not ... However, SUMO SUSHI IS AWESOME. Me and my friend sat at the sushi bar and had the most pleasant waitress. She was willing to answer any questions we had and substitute any meats included in our rolls. This place is quaint but very nice . The sushi was sooooooooo FRESH ! I will be back over and over again!!!Sushi is BANGIN' and super fresh. BYOB aspect makes this place awesome. Waitresses are amazing and the friendliest people ever. Came with a group of 15 on a Saturday night and considering how small this place is, the fact that they had no problem accommodating us and splitting checks gives them 5 stars alone. Drank saki bombs and ate sushi all night long, I was basically in heaven. Sumo Sushi 4Ever.I love this sushi place. Usually when I'm ordering they are bringing the food before the delivery time even start. The food is great and even when you sit in the place the service is great! Very recommendedThis place is a gem! All their sushi is fresh and delicious. They have a great roll with mango that is amazing. I've ate in and got it ordered. They always get my order right and the delivery took less than 20 minutes! It was GREAT!! Recommend this place!Fresh and delicious sushi. I get delivery from here all the time. It's always super fast and good food. Prices are nice!Sushi was good not particularly memorable, a little overpriced. The good thing, the delivery is pretty quickSo so disappointing. Reviews in TripAdvisor were good. Preconcert dinner. The rice is strange not traditional sushi rice. The salmon and scallops were not fresh....I didn't notice the box that said "frozen escolar" until after we had ordered.ordered on grubhub. very impressed. for the price, i feared the rolls might be small. not at all. great value. very tasty.I'm glad this place has a ton of haters here on Yelp. 
Oh, you've checked in 8 times, say it's your favorite sushi spot, and give it three stars for cold edamame? Good. Stay away. Maybe then I'll be able to continue getting a table on a Friday night. 
Oh, you've rated it down two stars because you have only been once so you don't know if it's consistent? Good. Never come back. Then I'll continue to get delicious sushi at a fast and affordable place.Absolutely recommend this place! Cute environment, very nice staff. The food here is fresh and delicious. I even received free chocolate from them on Valentine's Day!Moved back to Philly and Sumo is still 5 stars - sure, they may not be as tasty as some of the sushi joints in San Francisco I've eaten at, but that's comparing apples to oranges. As far as the Philly sushi scene goes, nothing beats Sumo as far as quality and taste for the price.
Their lunch special is bomb - 3 rolls plus a miso soup for $11 delivered. And they come all the way to my offices in Northern Liberties! Someone ordered the Sushi and Sashimi lunch special, and while at $16 it seems expensive, the amount of food he got was insane. Two full trays of sushi and sashimi plus a salmon avocado roll. And a soup of course.
The waiters at Sumo are friendly and helpful, and the delivery guy is always on time. I love their food, I love their service and I love their restaurant. 
5 stars it is!Sumo sushi is my go-to sushi place in Center City.  The fish is often fresh that morning, and the rolls are decently priced for the size.  I suggest getting the Naruto Roll and the Fantasy Roll if you want to try something a little different.  Also, they have a great "Party for Four" sushi option that includes a mix of special rolls and typical rolls.  The best part is that it is under $40.  Basically, I use that option if I want "All-You-Can-Eat" sushi because after I have my half of the party, it's all I can eat.  
They have a nice mix of Japanese style noodles, soups, and other non-sushi food items as well, so it's a great place for groups that aren't 100% sushi-vores.  The address says Broad St, but the entrance is on Pine St. just past the Starbucks' windows. You definitely need to go there and try it out.My dad and I have been making the sushi rounds in Philly, and last night this became our next stop due to it's close proximity to the Kimmel Center. I can give them this much: Sumo Sushi gets the job done. It's clean, the food is fine, and the staff was overall nice. The prices are decent, but I did not find them to be as ragingly cheap as some of the reviews would have you believe. And I do have a couple of bones to pick...
The service: Nice enough, but awkward and overbearing. It may have just been our table placement and the fact that it was slow, but our waiter leaned up against the wall right in front of us as we were reviewing the selection, and it felt like he was hovering. When we asked him what was unique on the menu, he gruffly said he doesn't give opinions and went into a small tangent about it. That's the waitstaff equivalent of whiffing at a lob and then throwing the bat at the pitcher. File under "how not to upsell sushi." At another point in the meal he interrupted our conversation to ask my dad what the weirdest thing he had ever eaten was, and quickly cut to his own story about cobra hearts in cognac. "Can we see your sake menu?" "We don't have a sake selection. This is a small place." "...Ok" "[stares at us]" "Can we order some sake?" "Yes." He didn't come off as intentionally rude, just accidentally rude. At least he was prompt, and he did bring us some free (freezer isle) mochi ice cream, a nice gesture.
The food: I've eaten ton of sushi in my day, but I regret to say I don't really know the fine points of quality artistry beyond a comparison to my own top experiences. The fish tasted fresh enough, but I noticed cuts of the same sashimi were sometimes off, resulting in odd shapes. We ordered a sunshine roll to be daring when I noticed mint was listed as an ingredient. Big mistake. I'm all for taking risks and I have a pretty broad pallet--I was able to get half whole roll down--but I would go so far as to say this concoction has no place being on the menu. Finally, the tea came out with tea bags in it. This isn't Denny's guys. At $35 bucks a head we can up the service to steeping the tea beforehand?
And that's what it comes down to. After this passable, mediocre experience, I was handed an all-too familiar bill, maybe $10 cheaper than my favorite Philly sushi joint. It was my turn to pay, and I would have gladly forked over an extra $10 for better service and top-quality food.My favorite sushi place in Philly. Awesome food, great prices, and fresh fish. A must in Philly...Pros: 
nice and reasonable price
Fast
Lunch special with free miso soup
Carry out and delivery
Cons:
Raw fish not Fresh, Especially Sashimi
If you love fresh sushi, do not go for the lunch special.Good sushi is hard to find. This place has a few nice rolls and everything tasted fresh. I would have liked a few more option for the lunch special but I can't complain 3 rolls for 11 bucks is not a bad deal.i went here with a few girlfriends the other night and we had a great meal! we shared edamae, seaweed salad, spicy salmon, yellowtail crunch (with the apple inside), red dragon, fantasy roll, and the crystal roll. we shared everything and we ate it all, everything was great! I especially enjoyed the yellowtail crunch which had the apple in it, and was pleasantly surprising! i also really like the fantasy roll which was humungous! 
they also offer brown rice which is clutch. 
location is right off broad street and pine
. 
will definitely be back. or order from there since they have take out and delivery!
woo!By far the best sushi in the city, along with the best price! I've yet to be disappointed by their service or their quality of food. This is a must try and a great go-to spot for a nice date night or dinner out with family and friends. Amazing!My friend and I ordered takeout from Sumo Sushi on a Saturday night in late June. The portion sizes were generous, the food was exceedingly delicious, delivery was fast, and it was a great value for the money spent.
Tuna Pumpkin (Lobster Salad wrapped in Tuna, with Mosago): 4 out of 5
This appetizer, served chilled, consisted of large chunk lobster salad rolled inside a raw tuna sashimi "pumpkin," topped with mosago. There were two "pumpkins" per order, each slightly larger than a large egg. The lobster salad was cold, fresh, succulent, and moist. The Bluefin tuna on the outside was equally fresh and delicious.
Seaweed Salad: 5 out of 5
The seaweed salad had a nice balance of crisp, fresh-tasting seaweed, light dressing, a sparing amount of white sesame seeds; and sat atop a bed of skinless cucumber spears. It arrived very cold (even in 80 degree weather) and was refreshing to eat. In terms of portion-size, it filled the better part of your standard small square plastic salad container. Fresh, cold, sweet, tangy...It doesn't get any better than this!
Volcano Roll (Spicy Tuna, Cucumber, Avocado and Tempura Crunch, served with "chef's special sauce" [spicy mayo, unagi sauce, and some other unidentifiable, yet tasty, sauce], wrapped in Soy Bean Wrapper): 5 out of 5
The sweetness from the soy bean wrapper, white rice, and unagi sauce imparted a subtle contrast to the salty soy sauce-dipped spicy tuna and creamy avocado, with a satisfying crunch of the tempura flakes and the kick of pepper from the spicy mayo. I should add that this is an "over-sized" roll, so it is twice the size of your average spicy tuna roll.
We couldn't have asked for a better takeout experience. I look forward to ordering from Sumo again soon!I've both ordered delivery and eaten in at Sumo and I've never been disappointed. Honestly I think it's one of the best sushi places in the Center City area. 
 The fish is always fresh and delicious and the staff is consistently friendly. When I get delivery I never wait longer than 30 minutes.Consistently great sushi. Always fresh and reasonably priced. I love the seafood appetizer and the chefs special rolls, all swell as the a la cart sushi and sashimi. Good for eat in (byo) and for delivery.Very typical small sushi place.  It's really nothing special, they lacked hot towels, used generic green tea bags, and didn't really have an answer when we asked if we could speak with the chef about what fish was freshest (we thought this was odd).  On the plus side, aside from beer, it's a BYOB.
I came here with my father before a ballet performance.  We ordered seaweed salad, sushi, and pork dumplings.  Everything was pretty good.  They also kindly gave use mochi ice cream when we finished.
I would come again, but I wouldn't go out of my way.Good fish is hard to find in King's Landing if you're not a nobleman, but here in Philly the common folk have some great options. Though my 4' 5" frame is smaller than a decent sized tuna, I am a self-confessed sushi slut and maven weened on the fine fruits de mer served in the City of Angels.  
There is no better value in town - bar none - for delicious, fresh sushi than at Sumo where Sushi Master Jason will transport you to new heights of ecstasy if you sit at the bar and politely ask him to make up something special for you. But even if you order off the regular menu, you'll be blown away by the outstanding quality and sizable quantity of mouth watering fish you'll get for your hard earned dollars.
Make no mistake, the decor is a bit spartan and subdued so don't expect to impress your date with mood lighting, bubbling fountains, or other feng shui adornments found in some pricier sushi dens around town. However, for you sushi purists seeking to get your groove on some superfresh sea meat, look no further than Sumo. By the Old Gods and the New, I swear ye shall not be disappointed!Tasty fresh sushi, affordable hot sake, and pretty darn good service, what more do you need from a sushi spot?! They have awesome rolls. My favorite special rolls were the Red Dragon and Crystal Rolls. The seating area is cozy, clean and modern. 
My only issues were one dirty plate and the storage boxes in the dining area. Other than that, this place is awesome, and a must-try. I will be back, a lot.Just discovered this place after living around the corner for months! I'm a huge fan of Zama's sashimi but not the prices. Sumo has a great menu and the sashimi is very fresh and affordable! The staff is super friendly, as well. I eat sashimi often, probably more than I should and have been looking for a more affordable sushi place that has fresh, healthy (not soaked in spicy mayo or ponzu sauce, options and it looks like I found it!Philly has a serious glut of sushi places, and Sumo has recently joined the lineup. I kept an eye on the location the moment a banner announced what that location would become, waiting with bated breath for yet another potential sushi joint to tantalize my palate - and I finally got my chance to try them!
First of all, YAY for 10% off to celebrate their Grand Opening! Only 'til Sept 15, so I'm taking advantage of that as much as possible. Prices are comparable to many other sushi places in the area so the only real question was...how good is it? Considering that I just said I'm going back for more, I think you already know its good. They have a number of nice special rolls, and after some deliberation we chose the following:
Crystal Roll (spicy tuna, crunch, avocado inside, topped with spicy scallop & tobiko): best roll IMHO, but I love scallop more than any other seafood (except maybe oysters...maybe)
Mango Tango (spicy yellowtail, tuna, avocado inside, fresh mango, tobiko on top with creamy yuzu sauce): Mmm, yummy! Very fresh tasting with the mango, and overall the fish is incredibly fresh
Princess Roll (pepper tuna, asparagus top with white-tuna, tobiko, scallion & wasabi sauce): quite good, although we wished the wasabi sauce had been spicier since it had no kick to it
Yellowtail Crunch (spicy yellowtail, apple & crunch): eh, we gave it a chance and it just wasn't that great. I always hope that apple will get incorporated and be awesome, but it never is...
Overall, fantastic sushi. And the interior design is great, but very dark. Can't wait to try some more!!Although I can't claim extensive knowledge of the sushi scene in Philly, Sumo has definitely become one of our favorites. 
We've tried other (and closer) places and ended up still hungry after forking up $70+ for dinner for two. Sumo, however, offers comparable quality at a much more reasonable price. We love it because I can order my 18-piece sashimi platter and my husband can order a few specialty rolls and miso for under $50 (plus, they usually throw in some free edamame!)
While we enjoy eating in the restaurant and have always had a pleasant experience there--they once gave us free dessert because they felt they took too long in getting us our check--we generally take advantage of their expedient delivery service. Even on busy weekend nights, we almost always have our order within 30 minutes of calling!Tried Sumo Sushi for the first time recently, and I was quite satisfied.  I opted for a seat at the sushi bar, where I got to watch my sushi being prepared.  I ended up getting a salmon roll and a sweet potato roll, both of which were to my liking (especially the latter).  Reasonably priced, good quality fish, friendly and accommodating staff, and a tranquil environment.  Not to mention "I Believe I Can Fly" was on the radio, so that was definitely a good omen for me especially around now!Love this place. NY roll is the best. Quick delivery. Once made a mistake and re delivered in twenty minutes!I didn't feel like being bothered with humans today so I'm cooped up in my hotel room watching the harry potter marathon. I grew hungry but didn't feel like going out so i hopped on grub hub and found a sushi spot with great ratings. They have this great lunch special, 3 rolls for $10 w/ miso soup. You cant beat that. The miso soup is HUGE and the sushi is very fresh and filling. They arrived at my room earlier than expected which is always a plus. Im stuffed and not even half way through my sushi platter. Wish they were in NY. They would get all my money.Our time together was so short, Sumo. We ordered some rolls and miso a few weeks ago. The food was average and fine (3.5 stars) and delivery was reasonably quick - we're only about 10 minutes away. 
This time, however - it's been almost 2.5 hours since we placed our order, and just had to use the ordering service (Eat24) to cancel, even though Sumo claimed the order was on it's way almost an hour ago. The kicker is that everything is now closed. Liquid dinner, I guess?
Don't bother ordering from here if you're like, really planning on getting the order. FAIL.I had low expectations for Sumo but it delivered beyond my expectations.  It's a fairly small space - maybe about a dozen tables, all within arm's length of each other.  The biggest table can only sit 4 people so if you're bringing more people, it might be useful to call in advance.
It's BYOB (despite the fact that they also serve beer/liquor) and no corkage fee, which is terrific.  They even provided a cork for us to re-cover the wine (although it didn't fit but still, a nice gesture).
We went for the Party Platter for 4 (despite that there were only 2 of us), which has California rolls, spicy tuna, unagi, Alaska roll, rainbow roll, and dragon rolls, and all for $35.  Figured it was more cost-effective to order the platter than a bunch of individual rolls.  I wasn't so enthused by getting California rolls with the Party Platter but we didn't have any trouble substituting those out with the similarly-priced salmon rolls.  We also ordered the spider rolls, which were terrific; the softshell crab was still warm.  The waitress checked on us every so often but we didn't require much attention.  There were about 4 guys busily rolling sushi behind the counter.
I was a little "meh" when I saw the menus -- they're laminated but a bit dog-eared and kind of falling apart.  Otherwise, my experience here despite how underwhelming it initially seemed was a terrific one and I'd be happy to return.I had the Happy lunch with tuna roll and crunchy yellowtail roll -- both fish rolls were FRESH, which is the most important factor when it comes to sushi joints. Would eat here again when I'm visiting the University of the Arts!I love this place. The 3 roll lunch special is awesome, fresh and affordable. While I have eaten in the restaurant a few times I usually get delivery. They come really quickly and always get the order right. Their sashimi is fresh and I usually get salmon, yellowtail and octopus. The raw scallop is also good and really fresh. I would agree with some of the other reviews that say the rolls are not always well-constructed but the taste is great and the staff are all really nice.I ordered from here last night through GrubHub, and was not disappointed! We ordered the Party Platter for 4, Seaweed Salad, and the Fusion Roll. In total, it was about $50 and we got TONS of food. It may have been accidental, but they even threw in some free edamame with our order. Usually I spend $30-40 to go out and eat 2 special rolls and have some drinks/appetizers so this was the most economical decision we've ever made and it was obviously more than enough for four normal people. We only had two people, so we ate a lot of it last night, and I'm currently enjoying some leftovers as I write this review.
The Party Platter for 4 includes a California Roll, Spicy Tuna Roll, Unagi (eel) roll, Alaska roll, Rainbow Roll, and Dragon roll. If you're not a fan of avocado, it is NOT for you as most of these rolls have avocado in them. The Dragon roll was my favorite - crunchiest shrimp tempura I've ever had without being overcooked. The Fusion Roll was delicious, but a little spicier than I expected so I only had a few pieces of that. I'm a sucker for Seaweed Salad anywhere, and that was also delicious.
Overall, love this place! It's right off of Broad Street (entrance is on Pine Street) and close to the Kimmel Center and Academy of Music if you're in town for a show and need somewhere to eat. I've been to the restaurant before and it is a little small or "intimate" so you may want to call ahead if you have a big group. Not sure if they take reservations.Not that impressed by my try of this place. The service was limp, the staff was blabbering, the waiter was odd, the food was so-so. Nothing popped or was even that good, if not bad. Won't be coming back any time soon.AMAZING SUSHI AT AMAZING PRICES.
my colleagues and I go here for work lunches all the time.  they have amazing sushi lunch specials.
usually i will never eat at sushi places that do sushi lunch specials- it freaks me out, i'm scared it's old fish and that I will get sick. 
BUT at Sumo the fish tastes so fresh and delicious. the sushi is cut perfectly and has the perfect combo or fish thickness to rice.
the rolls are also great.
the miso soup is only eh.
BUT go for the sushi and you won't regret it!This has become my go-to for sushi delivery.  They get it done and delivered fast and fresh, even though I don't live that close.  I recommend the Futo Maki and the Naruto Roll (wrapped in cucumber instead of rice).Decent sushi: pretty fast delivery (for a "holiday"), good quality, decent size, pretty taste. Nothing crazy, but I'd definitely order from here again if I don't feel like going out.This place wasn't good at all. The food arrived earlier than expected, there's a plus; otherwise, this food was terrible. We spent $40 and didn't even eat half of it. This is our first time, but the impression is terribly negative. Giving two stars for the early arrival.Great service and great sushi! I have been a customer for about 3 years. I remember when the power went out we just laughed and they kept serving.This is where I come when I have a sushi craving. It's good fresh fish priced fairly. Everything I have had has been delicious and the staff is always very attentive and friendly. The atmosphere is clean and decorated appropriately, nothing is over the top but it's also not tacky. The lunch specials are great and I always leave happy to have had such a good meal.So glad my friend suggested Sumo Sushi for dinner.  The sushi was deliciously fresh, perfectly rolled and the only thing I regret is not getting more of it and trying more of the sushi.  The service was excellent and the atmosphere was cozy and clean.  Prices were reasonable and overall, it was a great experience.Usually it's good but today I ate the worst sushi I have ever had. What's with the mushy tuna? Tasteless Scallops were tasteless.Everything soft and gooey especially the edamame. Miso soup was watery. I hope I don't shit and vomit my brains out. Seaweed salad was OK as was the peppered seared tuna but I threw out 40 dollars worth of sushi. I'm off sushi for life. Thanks sumoI got the spider roll, eel roll and inari roll.  I didn't really like the inari roll (my husband did though) but I loved the other two! I ended up ordering again the next day :). Quick deliveryGood experience overall. I had the lunch special with 2 rolls and miso soup. Decently priced for what you get and fast service. Sushi was a bit bland and pieces of fish were on the smaller side. I'll have to try it again for dinner.I LOVE Sumo. Ok... love may be an understatement. Obsessed Fanatic, Can't live without!
Every time I go to other sushi restaurants in Philly I am let down because nothing compares to Sumo. The sushi is absolutely delicious, reasonably priced, and the portions are definitely above average.
On top of all the wonderfulness that is the sushi, the staff is amazing. They are so friendly and I don't feel intimidated to ask them questions. They are super helpful and go the extra mile in terms of customer service. 
The decor of the restaurant is simple, elegant and clean. There's always a seat waiting for you! ALSO! It is a byob, even though they have wine and beer for sale! Uh-mazing!
I can't recommend Sumo enough. It is my favorite restaurant in Philly. It covers all the bases and once you become a regular, the staff does little nice extra things to make you feel really special. I love them!!!I really love Sumo Sushi. Every time I have it it tastes so fresh. They are fast when it comes to dining in or taking out. I'm a huge fan on the Naruto Roll along with the Sashimi. They are also one of the most decently priced sushi places in the city.While the $10.95 3 roll lunch special that comes with miso soup is definitely a bargain, the taste of the spicy tuna, spicy salmon and philadelphia rolls wasn't my favorite, and this is what I usually get every time I order sushi from anywhere. Additionally, the rolling was done kind of sloppily and the amount of ingredients in each piece varied widely.
This is probably just personal preference, but I don't think I'd order from here again.Dear LORD.
I didn't think that I could find a better sushi place in the city since there are endless options. But SUMO takes the top spot in my heart and stomach. 
The service was impeccable, our waitress was smiley, prompt and helpful. You can see the sushi chefs hard at work, and for a Sunday night, all of the tables were filled. 
I had the sushi appetizer, 5 pieces of sushi for 7.95, which is a STEAL because if you order the sushi/sashimi off of the menu, it is around $5 for two pieces. I also had the spicy tuna roll, which was incredibly fresh. My friend MADE me try the UNI (sea urchin), and the taste was nothing like I have ever had before. The texture was creamy and buttery, without the fishy taste. I cannot wait to go back and order it again.
I found my new sushi spot in the city. I love it.Sumo is by far the best sushi anywhere ever!  I eat sushi everywhere I go and this beats anything. 
I eat here quite often and every single time it is delish. The fish is always fresh and tender, I'm not sure how they sell great quality fish at such an affordable price! The lunch special is a steal I always get the sashimi app and you can request what kind of fish you want! I go for super white tuna, salmon and mackerel. 
Now back to savoring!Great delivery and good execution on the rolls.
A great option for inexpensive sushi.I absolutely LOVE Sumo Sushi. And it's BYO, too!
My fiance and I discovered this neighborhood gem, during it's opening weeks. It was our first week in town, so we were SO relieved to find good quality, fairly priced sushi in our area.
The service here is excellent, and now that it's become a staple in our weekly diet, the servers know our names and what we're going to order (unless they have a special that looks interesting which they do time to time).
You MUST get the avocado salad. It's a really fresh way to start your meal. A large plate of crunchy lettuce, tomato, and cukes, and loaded with fresh avocado and ginger dressing. Their ginger dressing is to die for.
Other favorites- yellowtail crunch roll (there are fresh apples in this roll!) and the sweet potato/pumpkin tempura rolls. They drizzle the tempura rolls in this amazing sweet glaze that's just delish.
Don't forget to have a scoop of their green tea ice cream for dessert if it's not too cold out!The food here is really great. My husband and I order from Sumo Sushi regularly and love it.This is my second time eating at Sumo. First time was delivery; second time was a dine-in. The menu is great. Along with all of the standards, there's a large variety of inventive special makis, which makes me very happy. I have to really express my delight of the creativeness of their special Chef Rolls menu. Delivery was fast. The fish was very good both times. The price was reasonable. The wait staff was extremely good and friendly. All the basics are there and in general I was pretty happy about it. I unfortunately have to note that both times the rolls were sloppily constructed. The proportion slicing was drastically uneven. The rolls were not tight and fell apart when picked up. For me, texture is a very important part a sushi experience and while all the ingredients were there, the rolls felt wet and sloppy. The dining-in experience was ok. The atmosphere seem to have all the makings of a nice place, but the large open spaces in the place without tables added awkwardness. 
In the future, I will probably order delivery from Sumo as they deliver to my house just south of Washington Ave. However if i'm in the neighborhood, I will be walking the half block farther to Wasabi House for a better sushi chef.We got some takeout from here and all the rolls were Amature as hell. The fish was fishy. Just not what I expected at all based on the other reviews. Maybe they had an off night or whatever but there are plenty other sushi places to try out before you try here in my opinion.Good sushi at a fair price, plus its BYOB and serves alcohol? Yes come here.Best moderately priced sushi I've had in Philly. Kept our BYOBeers in the fridge and brought them out when we asked. Accommodated us at the sushi bar on a busy Friday night when we didn't have reservations. Great service.I've had only the chirashi sushi and it has always been good. The sashimi cuts are generous and the service is generally fast. Mrs. Horatio Jackalthorpe usually gets the Sumo sushi which is equally good and plentiful.Sushi reeked of fishy smell and rice was gooey and over cooked on the sushi. I was afraid I'd get food poisoning if I ate it.We really liked it!  Our 2 kids loved it (10yrs & 8yrs).  Fresh, nice portion sizes and reasonably priced.  Ordered through Yelp. Quick delivery too.  Will be ordering again!So my s/o and I ordered from here seeing as we never ordered sushi before; if anything we expected so much more from a 4-star place. We ordered the shrimp tempura roll, yellow-tail roll, and tuna roll with seaweed salad, fried gyoza and mochi, 
Now I'm not a sushi connoisseur, but I've had my fair share of sushi and this was, at best, a 3/5. The only roll we both agreed were decent was the shrimp tempura roll; the other two had no flavor whatsoever. All of them were strangely soft and mushy and they were falling apart as we tried to pick them up. 
The seaweed salad was what you'd expect, and the gyoza seemed deep fried but pretty good. The mochi was probably the best thing we ordered.
What makes this a 2-star though is probably the service we got. While the delivery was pretty quick, when the delivery guy came and my s/o gave him the money (with tip included), he asked "no tip?" without even bothering to count the money.
 Now I order A LOT, and while I understand how tip really helps them out and how it sucks to not get tipped, I've never had anyone who outright asked for tip. It's not like we decided to order and make him deliver during a blizzard either. My s/o panicked and just gave an extra $5, so we in total tipped $10 for a $30 meal for someone who didn't really even deserve it.
All in all if you're going for quick cheap sushi, this is okay I guess. But if you actually care about quality sushi with good service, stay away from this place. It's just not worth it despite the price.Consistently great with reasonable prices. Highly recommend the Fusion roll, Volcano roll and yellowtail crunch roll. Also relatively quiet during the week so it's easy to pop in for a quick bite.I was not very impressed with Sumo Sushi. After hearing great things about it, I did not think it was anything too special.  My friends and I ordered sushi for delivery, and the delivery was very quick.  However, the sushi was nothing special. I tried the Mango Tango and found it to be a bit bland and missing anything exciting.  My friends and I also  had the Philadelphia roll, spicy tuna and the yellowtail crunch rolls. They were all pretty good, but nothing too special.  The fish was very fresh, so I would say that if you're looking for good quality sushi on a budget, it's worth it.  But I wouldn't go back for a special occasion.
Overall - good price, good quality,  but nothing super exciting.  I'd say it was comparable to other nearby sushi restaurants.Food was good but unfortunately not ready by the time that I was there to pick it up. Ordered at 2 to be ready by 250 and didn't leave until after 305 even though there were few people in the restaurant!
I ordered the happy lunch with a California, Spicy Tuna and Alaskan roll and all were great. Also got a great surprise that Miso soup was included which I didn't know. I'll be back potentially for dine in when I'm not in such a rush!I'm sorry that I have to change my review from a 5 to a 3 (I would change is to 3 1/2 if there was an option) as I had a negative experience here on Sunday night. Although Sumo has fresh fish that is reasonably priced for the city the service is slacking. Don't dine in if you're in a rush. There were only about 4 other tables of 2-3 people. When we sat down we were ignored by our server for 15-20 mins. We didn't even receive water. Our food took an extremely long time and as I was watching the sushi bar it looked like more take out/delivery items were being prepared compared to the dining in orders. I won't be dining in here any time again soon, I would however still get takeout for the quality, but it's not conveniently located to where i live.I have always had excellent service and quality products at Sumo Sushi. The sushi comes out quickly and the presentation is fresh and aesthetically pleasing. The staff is friendly and professional and the atmosphere is clean and relaxed. Sumo Sushi is a BYOB but also serves alcohol, with a couple of Japanese beer options. Definitely a great spot to grab a bite after work or take a client out to lunch.Lunch date with my significant other went very well. We ordered the Happy Lunch and each chose our three rolls. It came with nice miso soup and I ordered seaweed salad. We paid but as we left we were chased down for a two dollar tip. I didn't like that very much. I won't be coming back if that becomes a regular habit.Ordered delivery at 7:52 PM....9:45 PM still no sushi...confirmation e mail said 45 - 60 minutes. Pick it up people.I've been here twice now and I think the quality of their food and their service is good. Lots of options on the menu. I've enjoyed everything I've ordered here. Great location right off of Broad Street.Sumo Sushi @ 米国フィラデルフィア @ 寿司
米国フィラデルフィアのダウンタウンにあるお寿司屋さん。
すっかり疲れてしまい、ディナーの約束をキャンセルし、宿泊しているホテルから200mほどのここに一人で来ました。The Palmというステーキハウスがホテルの前なので、メンバーカードを持って出かけたのですが、疲れていると矢張りお米が食べたいと、Yelpで検索、評価が高いのでやって来ました。
入った途端に、失敗かな？ とちょっと二の足を踏んでから、えいやっ、と入店。お客様は全て白人、カウンターでは若い中国人３人がせっせと寿司を作って居ます。ホール担当も中国人女性。
場所は、South Broad Street から Pine Stを曲がったところにあります。
メニューは基本寿司のみ。
Princess Role $10.50
  Peqer Tuna, asparagus. 巻きにwhite tuna, tobiko, ネギをトッピング、ワサビマヨネーズをかけたものです。
Spicy tuna role $5.50
を注文。数分で寿司が登場。早っ！
食べてみると、美味っ！
改めてカウンターの職人さんを見ると、きびきびした動きで、包丁捌きも、巻の手際も凄く良いのです。
なるほど、Yelpの評価の高い訳がわかりましたよ。
来て良かった！
337 S Broad St, フィラデルフィア, PA 19107, U.S.A.
+1-215-985-1115Killer little sushi place in center city. I usually go to Vic, but they are closed on Sundays. We decided to try a new place and we were not disappointed.
Sumo is small like Vic, with only a couple of tables and a bar. Large sake is only six bucks, maybe the cheapest alcoholic drink in center city :p the sake was large and definitely got me where I wanted to be.
I had a kani salad, shrimp gyoza, miso soup, and a giant sashimi entree. The presentation on my entree was extravagant and the fish itself was fresh and flavorful. I will be going back!Stopped in here for an early dinner on a Saturday night. The place was small, but empty - expected, really, considering it was only 5pm. Despite the small size, it had a dark, modern interior. It was clean and pretty nice.
The sushi was decent, and very reasonably priced. We ordered the four person platter (yes, for two people, we were hungry) which only cost $35. You get a decent amount of rolls for that price, and they were pretty good. The shrimp tempura was excellent, the rainbow roll was good, but I've had better spicy tuna, that one was a little mushy.
Service was very friendly and fast. This may have been because it was so empty but I've never had sushi actually made and brought to the table so quickly. We got a sort of ice cream as a complimentary dessert with the check which was a nice touch.
All in all, its not the greatest sushi in the world, but its a great value, combined with great service. Also, note that while the address is broad st, the entrance is actually around the corner on pine.delicious! my now new go to place for quality and  resonably priced sushi! it's a little tucked away so keep an eye out. go for the large rolls, you will be happy and filled with just that. the quaint-ness of the place makes it nice to have dinner conversation. this place could compete with fat salmon!This is a great spot for budget sushi. We ordered various rolls and can't complain at all! I will say that the edamame had waaay too much salt.. We ended up wiping the salt off with a napkin. Nice touch at the end with the melon. We will definitely come back but ask for no salt on edamame :)Good spot for delivery.  I ordered through Eat24 and they showed up within 25 min.  I ordered 3 basic rolls and a salad for ~$20.  
Spicy Tuna Roll: good flavor and just the right amount of spice.  
Alaska Roll: Salmon, Avocado, and Cucumber.  Also very good.  The avocado was nice and rip.
Hamachi Negi Roll:
Yellowtail and scallion- definitely my least favorite.  The texture of the fish was...off.  Very firm.  I've had yellowtail rolls many times in the past but never like this.  
House salad: Skip it.  Not worth the $3.Cute little place and a nice location on Broad St. Extremely friendly place and it wasn't so busy during lunch hours.
Ok Sushi overall, but I was disappointed that they didn't serve any noodle dishes :( 
The tempura only came in shrimps and no vegetables :(Takeout order via Seamless was "never received" so instead of picking my food up at 7:00 pm, they had me wait there for 40 minutes until they could make two rolls and a side of edamame. Forty minutes!! And when they finally gave me the food, there was no apology or anything. Could have at least thrown in a spring roll!
Edamame was fine, Crystal roll was great, Rock n' Roll was disgusting, couldn't even eat it. I've ordered from Crazy Sushi multiple times, much better.Mushy and meh. I get nervous when trying new sushi places and had my hopes up.  Unfortunately I didn't find it very fresh... And my tummy hurt the next day. Pass.We had a late dinner at Sumo on a Saturday. Sadly this restaurant did not live up to the high expectations set by fellow Yelpers. 
Let's lead with the good. The chirashi offers an abundant assortment of thick-cut sashimi at an affordable price. The shrimp tempura, although not traditional in batter or sauce, has a nice "tap-tap" crunchy exterior.
Now here's why we ultimately did not enjoy our meal. Sashimi should be served as close to room temperature as possible. While I'm glad Sumo isn't giving anyone food poisoning, the fish shouldn't be the temperature of ice water.
If you're not a picky eater, don't take my review too seriously. Sushi purists, however, should stay away.really fast and friendly delivery, always appreciated. miso isn't terrible but nothing special either. today i got a spicy tuna roll and couldn't finish it--it was more of a chopped tuna/spicy mayo salad than a piece of fish with spicy sauce on top. i wouldn't go for that again. good prices and great delivery staff--i'll try it another time.Incredibly fresh sushi and friendly staff. Fast and reliable delivery too.
Would like to see less 'lobby'/entry space and more tables- could warm up the decor a bit.One of my favorite sushi places in the city and I've tried a lot! The staff is always so friendly when you eat in and when you order through Grubhub the order is always delivered quickly. My favorite roll is by far the Rock 'N Roll. But if you want a classic their Philly roll is also amazing!Ordered delivery because i was told it would take 45-60 minutes.  It took more than an hour and 45 minutes.  Sucked because I ordered ice cream and it was melted.   Wimpy amount of ginger.A nice, clean sushi bar with a friendly staff and decent food. I've only stopped in for lunch on my first visit, but I could immediately tell that it's going to be a nice go-to sushi spot when I'm in the area. The $10.95 lunch sushi set includes miso soup and six pieces of nigiri (two tuna, one white tuna, one whitefish, two salmon) and an inside-out California roll. The fish tasted very fresh and the presentation was very nice. The three sushi chefs were very quick and efficient. I will definitely be visiting again.The food was really good. But my delivery experience was pretty terrible..The driver was rude both over the phone and in person. He pretty much 'ordered' me to come downstairs to meet him. And initially, he refused to give me the food because I couldn't provide the 'correct' phone number. I explained to him that Eat24 stopped letting restaurants see customer's actual phone numbers. This guy did not believe me lol. I mean I freaking picked up his call 2 mins earlier for god's sake. Eventually I had to recite the entire order for him to finally give me my food. I gave him 20% tip too when I placed the order, which he clearly didn't deserve. At least the food wasn't bad..Very interesting decoration. The food is more good enough but if it's not high standard Japanese cuisine. I'll go again as I like the restaurant. It's fun to eat with there.The sushi craving, for me, is a funny sensation.  I turn from what I believe to be a normal, healthy, happy human being into a little kid jumping with excitement.  When I finally make my plans to eat sushi, I pretty much count the minutes until my reservation.  I also, undoubtedly end up eating a bit too much because I really love it.  This time, my destination was Sumo.
This little restaurant is well decorated and laid out.  We were able to snag a table on the wall and I got to peer at the guys behind the counter skillfully crafting meals.  Our server, was incredibly nice and very attentive the whole evening.  He barely let our water glasses get below the halfway point.
We started with the edamame which was perfectly cooked and salty.  I love eating that before a hefty amount of raw fish.  We got the sashimi platter, the Volcano roll and the yellowtail roll.  I thought the volcano roll was really tasty but be warned, it's massive and will fill you up.  The yellowtail roll was also really good but we hit fill-point quickly with that much food.  I ended up with some leftovers which is never a bad thing.
This is a good little space and they treat you well.  I shall return.Great time here. Came with a big group of seven and the hostess had no problem and promptly began setting up.
However, it did take quite a while for our food to get out (about 30 minutes). Hostess did comp us some edamame for the wait. Fair enough. We were chatting away anywho.
I had a special roll and a 9 piece sashimi. Great quality fish and fresh. The roll was huge and packed with more sashimi. I was comatose after that meal. 
Over all, great bang for you buck here. Probably the best sushi restaurant in CC.
Don't miss out.I used to eat here all the time because it's close to my house and the lunch specials made for a relatively inexpensive and light lunch. The only thing that bothered me about the place was the fact that there are usually more employees than patrons, and the employees tend to stand around looking bored and staring at you while you eat. That was before I ate here for lunch the day before Valentine's Day and spent the next day in a delusional, feverous state as the result of food poisoning. I guess I'll always remember the Valentine's Day I spent curled up in a fetal position.Long story short -- This is the second time I've ordered delivery from Sumo Sushi (admittedly through an online platform), waited an hour and a half, called, and found that they didn't have my order. After I got the confirmation email. Maybe something is up with their online connection, but I'm leaning towards not since it was confirmed? Hopefully I'm not coming across as a bitch, but I'm super hangry right now. I really wanted their delicious sushi. Lady was very short on the phone, saying they were busy (which I totally get), but dude...help me out a little. I haven't eaten all day and really wanted sushi and I'm still being nice to you. Told me to call GrubHub and then hung up the phone. 
I never Yelp and I can't believe I am now, but just wanted to give everyone a heads up:
Call in your orders! Don't be a antisocial-food-orderer like me. 
Two stars because when they get your order right and you get to shove it in your face, it's pretty tasty. And because I feel weird about Yelping.
I think I'll look elsewhere for sushi delivery, though.
NOTE: GrubHub was super awesome about reversing the charge right away. Thanks GrubHub :)I don't know about the rest of you sushi-eaters, but sushi grade fish should not be stringy. I grew up around seafood and at least I can say the fish is fresh, but the grade of sushi is C at best. I got a lunch special and I realize you get what you pay for, however, because of the maki mess I received, I'll never set foot in here for a nice sushi dinner. My sushi was all smashed together, stringy fish and my spicy rolls were not even the tiniest touch spicy. Thank goodness for wasabi. The dipping sauce with the shrimp shumai was horrendous. However, the ginger dressing was fantastic, but you don't go to a sushi place for their dressing. I won't be ordering from here again.Lunch special sushi had a very odd texture. It was almost mushy, and the rolls were falling apart. Also tasted "fishy." Definitely not comparable to other sushi spots around  the city, though prices are cheap.Excellent for lunch! $7 lunch per person, and we got 3 different rolls, and order of edamame, plus hot tea. If I worked in the city, i would eat here ALL THE TIME. Service was really nice and fast.I ordered delivery tonight; it came about 45-50min after I placed my order. I ordered: edamame, home run roll, cucumber avocado and the sweet potato tempura roll. The sushi was so good and so fresh. It was delicious. I will be ordering from here again in the near future.I love Sumo- they are my go-to sushi spot in Philly. They are decently priced for the quality and the rolls are incredible- especially for spicy tuna lovers! They cut all their rolls in 8 pieces and are very generous with the fish! Also happy to accommodate changes in my orders! The Volcano Roll is the best!I ordered delivery on a friday of a super hot day. Three rolls and soup. It took about 10 mins which I was thought was quick, even though they're only like 3 blocks away. It was a lazy day. 
So anyway, I brought the sushi inside and started to eat it within 5 mins. All of the sushi was so mushy because the fish was hot. I couldn't eat any of it because it was making me sick. I put it in the fridge for about an hour and went back to it. The fish tasted better but now the entire roll was a weird texture. I ended up throwing away one of the rolls. The soup was really good, but soup tends to be best at a warm temperature unlike sushi.Amazing, the most friendly staff with extremely reasonable prices for delish oversized rolls. I just moved to Old City and I am more than willing to make the trek over to Sumo, because it is some of the best sushi I've had in the city.Been here before, and it was good.  Tonight, maybe because it was Saturday, it was really busy and the food took forever to come out.  Servers were nice.  And there were plenty of people working behind the sushi bar so not sure what the deal was with the super slow service.  Some others who came in after us got their food before us.  My date's food came out way before mine, and after the sushi chef threw mine together, he just handed it to me.  It was literally falling apart.  Green salad with ginger sauce had just some iceberg lettuce, 2 small slices of cucumber, one very small tomato wedge, and the smallest piece of onion imaginable.  Date's eel dish was ok.  Seriously, been here before and really liked it.  This time was different.The sushi in this place is good but we waited for the food more than 40 minutes. Also, the restaurant was not very clean. That's why I give only 3 stars to this place.Came on a weekday night and it was comfortably filled (not too crowded, but not scarily empty).  Sat by the bar and watched the guys at work.  I ordered most of the usual sushi off the regular menu and my husband got two of their special sushi, including the Dynamite Roll.  Everything was delicious and fresh.  Everything was reasonably priced.  Although the special rolls were really fun to eat, we'd probably stick to the regular menu, which is cheaper and probably just as good.  Definitely coming back for sushi here.I had been craving sushi and this was one of the few places open for lunch on a Sunday.  The volcano roll is awesome.  It's hard to eat, but the combination of spicy tuna, crunch, and sauces was delicious.  The spicy yellowtail is fun too.  It has some crunch and some apple in it.  They could use some better temperature control because it was freezing in there, but no complaints about the sushi.After living around sumo sushi for a few years, I suppose I should update my review. I would say this is standard level sushi- I probably would not go out of my way to come here if I didn't live near it, as there are fancier places in the city. With that said, it is the best take-out sushi in the area as far as price and quality. Sometimes they even throw in an extra roll or a side of edamame/seaweed salad. It is a complete different product and experience than if you were to go to, say, Sagami across the bridge. 
I still get take out from here at least once a week, and I do walk here to eat in once in a while. The staff are very attentive and nice.DON'T DO IT!!!  I ordered delivery and it was not only well over an hour wait on a weeknight, but it was inedible.  The edamame was freezer burned and still undercooked, the sashimi fish was question mark at best, and the rolls while they sound promising by their menu description leave much to be desired.  Save ur money and go to Fat Salmon.Went in for first time lunch and pleasantly surprised ! Great location right off broad, clean and simple inside, Great prices and great sushi... 
I highly recommend the 'volcano' roll , the soy wrapping makes it the best and excellent sauces come with it .I think they pick and choose with the portions! Lame. Walk a block down the street to isushiMy go-to place for sushi right now, enough said. Has the best sweet potato roll by the way. Their 3 roll special is the same price as many other sushi places but has much larger portion of the none-rice part and also fresh. Also, Veggie tempura killed it!Great sushi spot and my go to when staying at the DoubleTree on Broad St.  My usual is chirashi substitute brown rice (minimal up charge) and salad (miso soup usually comes with).  If you are into sashimi this is the way to go and an incredible value.
Mental note: They are BYOB although they have some beer/wine/saki on hand.  There is a wine shop at 1111 Locust Street a few blocks away.Sumo is a nice neighborhood sushi joint. I've been going since they first opened, and I think their lunch deal (3 rolls and miso soup for around 11 bucks) is a fantastic treat. I usually get it simple: salmon, spicy salmon, and philadelphia roll. The shrimp tempura roll is good too. 
I wouldn't recommend going out of your way to come here, but it's good for a regular local sushi place when you crave sushi for lunch. 
Dinner can get expensive. get the lunch deal.I love sushi and I get sushi from Sumo at least twice a week. To be honest I usually get either sashimi or party for four and it's always delicious. Prices are not bad either.Having ordered from Sumo now more times than I can count, for delivery, pick-up and sit-down, I can say it's one of the best sushi restaurants in Philly. Yes, you can definitely get higher quality fish at Morimoto, but you'll also be paying twice the price.
The lunch special is fantastic, the portion sizes are generous and everything is well-made and delicious. The waiters and chefs are extremely friendly and accommodating. Definitely my go-to spot for sushi!It's my third-time here. The have the lunch special on Saturday. The 10.95 for 3 roll is worth trying. For the chief special roll, Fancy Salmon is amazing!  Vegetable Tempura is my favorite. The crunch is light and crispy!Had to wait super long for my pick up order.  Sushi was mushy and really warm in an unpleasant way. Ginger dressing on salad was good though.I order out at least once a week.  It is fresh, and never had a bad meal.  I have dined in only a few times, and it was good. 
UPDATE: because I order here often,  the consistency of the quality varies a lot with the rolls and the service.  Today was the last  day I will order from Sumo.  I order food and they forgot part of the order, I called and then got the rest of my food and hour later.  I'm not even hungry anymore and THEY DIDN'T EVEN APOLOGIZE!  Not once.  This has happened numerous times and I never know what I'm going to get.  This shouldn't happen.I paid less than $10 for three rolls and a miso soup at lunch.  Nothing earth-shattering, but a good straight-forward sushi joint that is perfect for the neighborhood.
When they were carving a spot out of the parking garage at Broad and Pine, I was so scared we were going to get a cell phone store or something boring.  While Sumo isn't a place I would probably leave my neighborhood for, I'm sure it will be placed on heavy take-out rotation.
The kitchen also sent out a free fish tempura salad which was pretty tasty.  Maybe because they're new, or maybe because they just thought it was sad that I was eating alone.I love sushi. No matter the time of the year, I would get cravings more that vinegared rice with that Omega-3 rich piece of raw fish on top. Sometimes, I'd get cravings for that perfectly plump tamago or the grainy sweetness of smelt roe or the perfect crunch of milky squid or that sweet, rich smoky eel sauce. So more often than not, when I pass by Sumo Sushi on my way home, especially on days that I've worked really hard and really late. I stop in and give myself a treat. 
I have been dining here since they first open and I have to say there's a obvious drop in quality of their sushi and their service. I mean, it's not like it's horrible now, but the skill of their owner/chef is obviously better than their sous chef who helps prepare sushi as well. I remember being wowed at the owner/chef's knife skills from a piece of Ika, but now the sous chef plop the Ika right on the rice without so much of a cut. 
Service is really a bit odd. The new hire speaks with a very strangely flirty voice while I was on my iPhone playing the almighty Candy Crush while waiting for my food, the waitress came over asking me how long I was playing and how far along I am, and while I reluctantly told her that I just started, she laughed and told me that her husband is already in the hundreds. She then left and told the other waitress about my game progress. It's not something I enjoy especially after a long hard day at work or any day actually.
If you enjoy raw fish as much as I do, you'll do well ordering the sashimi appetizers first. It's 8 large piece of fish for $10, which round out to $1.25 per piece. A regular order of sashimi is about $4 for 2 pieces. The fish is mostly fresh and their selection is great. I'm a traditionalist when it comes to sushi and not a big fan of their Americanized rolls with the different spicy sauces or mayo and all those things but if you are and I don't know you, I won't judge.
It's usually easy to find a table, I never really seen it being fully packed. The wait for food is not too long either, especially when you have a game on your hand.Ordered the lunch special again for delivery at work. Delivery was faster than grubhub expected (which was listed as an hour and 15 minutes..) it came after about 45 minutes after ordering.
All the rolls are good, nothing mindblowing but good for your sushi fix. The rolls aren't pretty by any means, pretty sloppily put together -- but taste wise it's good. Spicy tuna was what I expected. "Yellowtail crunch" is not what I expected. Most sushi restaurants that list " crunch" mean the tempura flake, this one had slices of apple in it. It tastes fine, and good -- but it's also not chunks of yellowtail like the last lunch order I placed. It's spicy minced yellowtail with apple.. which again is fine, but misleading with the title. The shrimp tempura was one of the more messier versions I've gotten, with cucumbers falling out of the roll, that one is just OK. 
Miso soup saw little improvement, more seaweed this time, but I find a wopping total of 3 tofu floating around.. still skimpy. 
Moral of the story -- solid sushi fix for a fair price in the city, but don't get your hopes up.Pretty good spicy salmon rolls! Got them for delivery one time and then take out for another. The place is very small but overall cozy.I really wanted Sumo and I to work out because a) its very close to my home and b) they deliver, but we may not be meant to be.
I thought their sushi had waaaay to much rice.  It was a rice glob with some fish inside.  The veggie roll kept falling apart, which just is not cool.
My boyfriend REFUSES to return.  He'd rather hike to Mizu (which is excellent) then head round the corner to Sumo.
I may try them again. We'll see.Sushi meal was good and seemed to be pretty fresh
Very convenient place to grab dinner before a show.The sushi is a bit overpriced and a bit underwhelming.  I've had better, but I've also had worse.  The delivery was fast, but the not the fastest...or the slowest.  I may go back, I may not.  I can't make up my mind as to whether this is something worth having again, so I'm going to give it 3 stars for now.  Good thing this isn't a six star rating system, I'd have a moral dilemma as to whether it deserves 3 or 4 stars.Happy Lunch = Happy Lady
After several lunch stops, Sumo now holds my heart when I am looking for a simple and tasty sushi meal for a budget-friendly price.  The "Happy Lunch" provides your selection of any three of their regular rolls, along with a cup of miso soup for a very happy $10.95, and this sweet deal is even available on Saturdays!  The quality of everything I have tried has been at least "good" on every occasion, and a few items have really stood out as excellent - yellowtail crunch (with its unexpected and awesome apple slivers) and shrimp tempura rolls almost always join my happy lunch.  I should also note that any "flaws" I have experienced have been in construction of the rolls, not in quality or freshness of ingredients.
I have never dined in, but the table area seems nice enough.  I have had to wait for a very long time when placing my take-out orders in the restaurant, but ordering online eliminates this downside.  Sumo is pretty low-key, and I have yet to feel inspired to branch out beyond happy lunch.  I will probably save my "event" sushi meals for places like Fat Salmon, Umai Umai, or (big events) Morimoto.  However, this neighborhood spot where I can indulge myself in a very solid sushi lunch on an inexpensive whim makes me a happy girl.Ok, maybe I am a perfectionist. Maybe i DO have a problem with symmetry and design and the need for them to be as close to perfect as possible. Still, when my sushi looks more like a tumbleweed of rice, seaweed and fish chunks, chances are I'm going to be disgruntled. 
The absolute first thing I noticed about Sumo is the fact that their sushi is not pretty. I've gone three times now and have ordered a small variety of rolls and soups. The soups are typical and ok. It's the rolls that I have a problem with - goshdarnit! I want them to be round and neatly packed!
Otherwise Sumo is totally acceptable. I mean, it didn't "wow" me in any other ways. Oh, except for the TVs, which are permanently tuned to TMZ, and the collection of People magazines that they have sitting on a little table by the door. If there is one thing this place does right it's to entertain you while you're waiting for your sloppily rolled sushi.Sushi is one of the best foods to eat in the world. I have eaten a fairly good range on the sushi spectrum, from grocery store and take-out to the sushi connoisseur restaurants in Manhattan. 
Sumo Sushi is an unassuming around-the-corner sushi restaurant, where my colleagues and I would go to decompress the day and get a quick bite before or after a workout. We came here almost every Tuesday evening after work for the past 18 months. We chose Sumo sushi because it satisfied the following criteria: 
Quality food. Their special rolls are worth every dollar. I am huge fan of unagi, so my favorites were the Sumo Special Roll, which has crunchy spicy tuna inside, and on the top, tuna, salmon, yellowtail, white fish & topped with eel and avocado OR the Pine Street Roll, a thinly sliced tuna & avocado over eel cucumber roll, with tobiko and eel sauce. The portion sizes are fairly large with great presentation. Other favorites among the group was the Tuna Pumpkins and the Chirachi. They can also do brown rice instead of white and make vegetarian-friendly rolls. The oranges and watermelon that they served us after our dinners were always just the right sweetness. And gotta love that they give everyone at the table a stick of gum when we get our checks. 
Great for groups. We call in advance to let them know how many people and when we'll be there, and they were always accommodating. Jason, the owner and head sushi chef on special occasions would give us a special dish or dessert on the house. 
Great customer service. So great that they had people's preferences memorized. Eddie got his extra ginger. John wanted to substitute his miso soup with an avocado salad. They're also pretty quick to serving everyone's food, including our 8 person table. In addition to that, they were even willing to do separate checks for us. We came so often that they knew we wanted separate checks and did it without us even asking. 
We have appreciated all the great service and food! There were so many good team dinners at the restaurant. Thank you so much - We will miss you and your team, Jason!Sumo is very, very good. Their special rolls are delicious, their service friendly (for eat-in), their delivery absurdly quick, and their prices pretty reasonable. We eat here embarrassingly often.We just ordered a mango tango roll, the spider roll with soft shell crab, the rock n roll, and a sweet potato roll and I regret it. 
This was some of the worst sushi I've had in a long time. The fish in the mango tango roll tasted fishy, old, and almost spoiled. Similarly, the spider roll's soft shell crab was old and not edible.
The rock n roll was only ok, had to scrape the tobiko off.
Only the sweet potato roll was cooked well. 
Very disappointing.I am a sucker for Sumo Sushi, and the lunch special. Never been unsatisfied with any of the rolls I eaten, or with the friendly staff.
The restaurant is clean, nicely decorated, and tolerant noise levels on busy days. Delivery doesn't take long and the food is packed very well.Food was fine, but their customer service was terrible. We left some tips (they didn't deserve even that), but waitress insisted that we had to give more because "tip is supposed to be 15-18%"!!! And that was extremely rude. This is my decision whether to leave tips or not (and how much), and I don't think that I have to give extra $6 for NOTHING! Never coming back.Have had meals here every week since July 2013 and doesn't disappoint. Fresh sushi at a great price. Definitely try the happy lunch with the sweet potato roll, much better alternative than the typical California roll. Takeout is relatively fast if you within a couple miles of the location.This such a cute romantic place, deff can have a date here or just a meet up with one other person. It's too small for groups of more than 4 for sure. The 5 stars are for the quality of the food. You could deff taste the quality in the food and for the price amazing! It's soo reasonable and I felt so good with this meal that I just got a great deal! I highly recommend the rock and roll and volcano roll it was so yummy. All the rolls we got were good but those two were my favorite, I also got the soft shell crab roll, shrimp tempura, oh and their apps of the soft shell crab and gyoza. Also came here on a Friday night around 7pm and had to wait no more than 10mins!!I cannot say enough good things about Sumo! I am a sushi addict and this place definitely feeds my addiction. I love it! It is my favorite go-to delivery sushi place for Rittenhouse / Graduate Hospital / Washington Square and enjoy dining in, too. (I work in Rittenhouse, currently live in Graduate and used to live in Washington Square.)
I end up ordering at least once a week from here for delivery and consistently receive fresh, delicious food from them. I frequently ask for substitutions or changes to menu items and the chefs are always very kind and precise in accommodating these requests. When my husband and I order together and have a larger bill (around $70), they throw in a free item for us, like edamame or seaweed salad. We don't expect it and it doesn't come every time, but it has happened on and off a few times now and every time we get a free treat, we really enjoy it and it makes us feel like appreciated customers. Thank you, Sumo! 
We also have had positive experiences dining in. The waitresses and chefs are very kind and accommodating. All sushi is pricey, but at Sumo I really feel like the whole experience and quality of food gives you the best bang for your buck. All around great crew and food. A++!Sumo is solid sushi. They have all your basic offerings, plus some specialty rolls. They're dropped down to 3 stars because I feel like the quality of fish and variety is on par with other sushi restaurants in the area, but they tend to be $2-5 more expensive on any given item. Also, while the lunch special is a great deal, they don't have any dinner deals like other restaurants in the area do.
I typically order a variety of small rolls, and normally for takeout or delivery, so I can't really comment on the experience of dining in. It's always looked nice, though, when I stop in.Incredible. Sumo sushi is great... Prices aren't too bad, I actually get it delivered to my place. Everything tastes fresh. Rice tastes great. When delivered packaged nice and would say tastes just as good as if it were eaten in the restaurant.Old soggy chopped up
Sushi is mediocre
at best. Don't go back!
(I tried the following:
Alaska roll
Crystal with scallop on top
Unagi
Yellowtail crunch with apple)Always order delivery from here and it always takes less than 20 minutes, great service! When I call they know my order from the time before. Their sushi is good normally, but I ordered a Philadelphia roll last night and there were bones throughout the entire thing. I called and they said that is normal. I disagree that that should be normal, but they did give a credit. I will be giving it another try, but I'm scared for my next bite. 
Consider yourself forewarned.The fish are so fresh! Loved the crab salad, soft shell crab, and chirashi bowl. The food quality deserved a four star but the people there are so nice that they should get an extra star rating.
Cons: the place is too small if you have a large group. Their main business is take-out.I really don't understand some of the bad reviews. The sushi here is fresh and well priced. The people who run it are really nice. Delivery comes quickly. The orders are always correct. The restaurant is clean, nicely decorated and welcoming. I am not a huge fan of specialty rolls but my wife loves theirs. They offer a great 3 roll special during lunch. My only criticism is sometimes the rolls are rolled a little sloppily.This review is just for the lunch special as I haven't yet tried any of their specialty rolls
$10.95 for 3 rolls of your choice ( 8 pieces each) served with miso soup, and free delivery for orders over $10. The delivery was really fast, within 30 minutes of my ordering, so kudos there! 
Since the whole city pretty much has that 3 roll for $10.95 deal , I pretty much consider it a standard deal now , one of the reasons for my 3 star review.
Food wise -- my favorite was the yellowtail scallion -- in my opinion really fresh fish which is much appreciated. The spicy tuna and California were okay -- I've generally had better California rolls in my past packed with more flavor and imitation crab meat. The miso soup was also a bit of a bummer because there were so few tofu and seaweed floating around, which costs pennies to make.. so just a bit of a pet peeve of mine to skimp out on that. 
Overall, fast delivery and a good option if you're craving cheap and fast sushi for less than $15.Some observations about Sumo after eating there a dozen times or more:
1. They deliver really fast and the guy is always really friendly (sometimes weirds me out but in a funny way).
2. They'll put avocado on anything if you let them.
3. The sushi is delicious and fresh.On a recent weekday night, the GF and I were craving sushi. So we hopped on Seamless and noticed that Sumo Sushi had won an award from the delivery service. So with the recommendation in mind, we ordered a gauntlet of sushi to satiate my cravings.
Edamame
Perhaps due to the size of my order, Sumo Sushi sent over some complimentary edamame. Salty and meaty, the GF loves these.
Gyozo ($4.95)
Fried pork dumplings
In the mood for dumplings as well, we weren't disappointed. The pork was juicy and moist and these had a nice deep fry on the outside for some texture. It was accompanied by a tangy, sour sauce.
California Roll ($4.95)
Crab stick, cucumber, avocado
California rolls were prototypical and the sushi rice had a nice vinegary tang. The roll was studded with sesame seeds as well for some texture. 
Hamachi Negi Roll ($4.95)
Yellowtail, scallion 
We ordered some standard yellowtail scallion rolls as well, which had a dash of wasabi heat that wasn't overpowering.
Sweet Potato Roll ($4.50)
On the other hand, the sweet potato roll was a bit starchy and frankly, there wasn't much sweet potato in the roll. It was also doused in eel sauce, which rendered each bite too sweet.
Spicy Salmon Roll ($5.25)
Spicy salmon, avocado
The spicy salmon roll was nicely creamy, but could have used more heat. The texture of the sesame was nice though. 
Red Dragon Roll ($10.95)
Spicy tuna, tuna crunch, avocado 
We also went with a few specialty rolls. The red dragon roll showcased tuna two ways. The outer tuna was fresh and within the roll, the spicy tuna was creamy and had nice heat that was tempered by the fresh avocado. The tempura crunch added texture to each bite as well.
Sakura Roll ($12.95)
Soft shell crab tempura, cucumber, pepper tuna, avocado, tobiko, special sauce 
The sakura roll featured soft shell crab that was nicely fried and was meaty within. The pepper tuna added some spice, with the special sauce providing that Americanized sushi touch.
Overall, Sumo Sushi isn't a bad choice for takeout sushi. Delivery was fast and the sushi was fresh. I wish they had more roll specials, but you can't always win them all!Jason is an amazing sushi chef! My husband and I love to sit at the bar and watch him and the other guys work, delicately slicing fish.  The flavor combinations of their rolls are tasty and creative.  Also love the different specials they have on any given day.Nice eat-in space, easy delivery, good sushi....what's not to like?
My first Sumo Sushi experience was delivery of Happy Lunch (3 rolls for $10.95 although delivery requires a minimum of $15).  Although a little small, there is a reasonable amount of fish and I enjoyed the Alaska Roll, Spicy Tuna, and Yellowtail Crunch (with unexpectedly enjoyable apple).  
4 days later, we came by to check out the restaurant.  I ordered the Chirashi and was very impressed by the fresh, generously sized fish - 18 pieces for $18 dollars!  You do the math and then go to Sumo Sushi.Best lunch special in the city: $10.95 for three rolls plus soup or a salad. The rolls come with 8 pieces of good sized maki in each and there's a lot of selection included in the lunch special - yellowtail crunch roll, spicy salmon, you name it. You will leave full and so will your wallet.So, this is my go to take-out Sushi.  I always get the Chirashi to go, and it has never disappointed me.  It's fairly cheap and they give you a bunch fish. Is this the highest quality sushi, no, but is it an awesome place to get sushi to hit that random craving, yes.We ordered over two hours ago and have called multiple times, always being told the order will be here soon. Well, it's now nearly 9:39, we ordered at 7pm and no food. Unbelievable.Having tried numerous sushi restaurants in Philly, Sumo really is a fantastic place. It's well-priced, and the staff is WONDERFUL. I cannot say enough of the friendly atmosphere, and the lunch special is great (they even let me have the special a few minutes after 3!). The quality of the fish is also very good, especially considering the price.
Thanks so much Sumo! I will continue to return time and time again!Might actually be the worst sushi I've ever had. We couldn't even finish the rolls they were so mushy and warm. They were difficult to pick up with chopsticks and literally looked like they were melting. Awful food and a waste of money.I order out at least once a week.  It is fresh, and never had a bad meal.  I have dined in only a few times, and it was good.Great experience ordering lunch delivery. Very fast. High quality, good portions and fresh.The place is good, but not nearly close to being phenomenal.  I have been twice, as the convenience of it being right around the corner ... but every time I say to myself why didn't I just suck it up and walk an additional 10 minutes for better sushi.  In this game, where there is Sushi on every corner -- placed have really got to step up their A game.  
One good thing is, yes, its BYOB -- but maybe that's for helping curb the A-ok atmosphere and food.  Nevertheless, it is not bad... just not good or great.  With that being said... its worth a try once... maybe twice..and then you'll see for yourself why you might want to roll somewhere else.I was a little worried when I saw that a new Asian place was coming so soon after the rapid demise of Chu Man Chu right across the street, but Sumo Sushi has all the makings to have a solid little business.
Been there twice so far and the staff is uber-friendly. The chef made us an avocado and seaweed salad on the house! We sat at the bar last night and I felt quite comfortable, even with a table of 6 behind us. The space, although an atypical set up, reads more high end than a lot of hole-in-the-wall sushi spots. 
Most importantly, the food is good, and when the 10% off  deal ends it will still be a reasonably-priced place to get good sushi. Definitely a place to add to the weeknight or casual date rotation.Decided to order in tonight. Got the miso soup which was marginal at best (it kind of tasted like Philadelphia tap water with  little flavor), the Rock n Roll which was pretty good and the Yellowtail crunch roll, which was by and far my favorite that I ordered. Not back for delivery...and the delivery person delivered in a car which, honestly, is a bonus. I'll order again...just not the miso soup.I ordered the Happy Lunch special which is 3 rolls for $10.95.  It was nice and fresh.  However, there were more than 6 pieces in each roll which I do not like bc you tend to get less fish.  I"d rather have 6 pieces and have more fish and less rice.  Comparable to Vic's sushi.  I wish I tried the dumplings as well.  I would definitely order from here again....one great thing is they offer the lunch special on Saturdays...My favorite place to order in sushi from! In terms of grubhub delivery, it's awesome that they deliver to Old City without charging any fee and the minimum is only $10. I have also been to the restaurant once for lunch, and it's very casual with some great lunch specials.
My go-to's are usually the miso soup, spicy tuna roll, spicy salmon roll, and the sashimi appetizer. The fish is always fresh and the price is very reasonable. I've also tried some of their special rolls such as the Fusion roll and the Red Dragon roll which have been delicious, but definitely more pricey. They also have a good seaweed salad, as well as their avocado salad.
Overall I've been satisfied with everything I've tried at Sumo, and I will continue to order from here!We ordered take out from this place. Decent sushi but we found that the specialty rolls were quite mushy.  I'm not sure if this was due to the type of fish or commute... this seems to be a common response from fellow yelpers. 
Overall, we've had better sushi at other places in the city for the same price.Sumo is my sushi watering hole. Whenever I crave my philadelphia role, I head over to Sumo. It's convenient, cozy, and cheap. I have to give three stars, though, for the edamame. I love love edamame and sumo's is not up to par for my liking. It's undercooked and cold. Aside from that, though, I will continue to frequently visit. It is a neighborhood gem and hope it sticks around!Great takeout sushi. I've never dined in, but live right around the corner and this is my go-to. The rolls are reasonably priced and portions are definitely decent. The staff is professional and food is always ready before I get there. Thank you for being a reasonably priced, consistent restaurant to be there for me when I'm craving sushi! If you're reading this on Grubhub, go ahead and place your order! You won't be disappointed.I just ate at Sumo for lunch and the only qualm I have thus far is that it's located way too close for comfort when I'm dealing with my current sushi addiction!!! 
Everything was fresh, even the wasabi and ginger had a freshness to it I didn't realize it should have. I got the lunch special which included a Shrimp Tempura roll and the Shrimp was cooked so nicely, it was probably extra tasty to me because I had a roll that was fried insanely hard but I'd say thus far, this has been my favorite tempura roll to try. I also had the Alaska Roll and Yellow-tail Crunchy Roll. I'm just getting into raw sushi, figured if I'm going to be an addict I best get to liking the real deal and I was very pleased with both of these rolls and out of all the places I've tried in Philly and even one I tried in Chicago recently, this has to have been the freshest to date. 
As Sherrie mentioned they could have made better use of the space, it is small and I've seen some places that are even smaller but they should perhaps consider making the larger tables into 2 seaters that can be brought together for larger crowds or separated slightly when there is a true table for two or one for that matter. I ate at the sushi bar but typically prefer a table but couldn't see myself taking up unnecessary space. But my rating is on the food alone as long as you're clean and the food is good (and I'm not looking to pay for ambiance at that moment) you can pretty much lay out your restaurant as you please.I got the lunch special and was not impressed.  The miso soup was good but the rolls were definitely not good quality fish.Always a quiet little gem off Broad St. Wonderful service and friendly staff. Standard range of sushi, rolls, etc. But sometimes they have some off the menu items, which are delicious and fresh.Cute spot for lunch.  Fresh sushi. Fast service. Hot crispy shrimp tempura in the rolls. Nice size rolls for the price.I ordered from Sumo Sushi today on Grubhub. The delivery was so quick; my food got here only 20 minutes after I ordered it! The sushi tasted fresh and delicious. I would definitely order from here again. Highly recommend !!Food was okay. "Sushi chef" was clipping nails, both hand and feet, behind the sushi counter. The clipping noises gave me chills and ruined my appetite. Gross. He stopped because I stood up and stared at him.One of my favorite go-to sushi places. Always friendly service and always great tasting fresh sushi. Prices are great, even a little on the inexpensive side. And this place is BYO! I've had most of the rolls and they are all fantastic. Lunch special is a great deal as well.Taste: 9/10
Atmosphere: 9/10
Value: 8/10
Overall: 9/10
Comments: Sumo is a small, lively byob with a huge variety of rolls and sushi appetizers to choose from. Everything we had was delicious, but our favorite of the night was the volcano roll with spicy tuna, avocado, cucumber, and tempura crunch. We will definitely be going back!