We felt very sick after brunch. I ordered the pancakes, and my friend ordered the mushroom toast. When the pancakes first came out, they were very mushy (almost runny) in the middle. The pancakes were supposed to be a little different (blue corn?), so I asked our server if they were supposed to be like that. He said they weren't, and he took them away. 
Meanwhile, the mushroom toast had arrived. We were totally unprepared. Instead of toast, someone had baked some sort of sweet brioche, cut it into a cube a little bigger than my fist, soaked it in butter, and then deep fried it. Oh, and there were some mushrooms on top. The fried butter cube came in a small cast iron skillet, which was also filled with mushroom-flavored butter. The first bite was good because butter is delicious... but we had to force the later bites. I say "we" because my pancakes didn't come back until we had finished the mushroom toast-- even though there were only six other people in there.
When the pancakes came back, they looked exactly the same. Still runny, but maybe a little burnt on the outside. We were pretty over Supper at this point, so I just ate half of them and we left.
Unfortunately, we felt SO SICK afterwards that neither of us could eat for the rest of the day. (And we hadn't eaten before brunch, so it was pretty clear what was making us sick.) That evening, I sent a nice (truly!) email to the manager explaining that brunch had made us severely nauseous, and describing what we ate-- I even took care to write it before dinner so they could check their ingredients and make sure nothing had gone bad. That was about two weeks ago, and we never even got a response!
The ambiance is wonderful, and some other people looked like they had nice food on their plates. We paid fifty bucks for 2 stomachaches and 1 ignored email.I heard about this restaurant on an episode of Andrew Zimmern's show.  It's located right across the street from Whole Foods on hipster South Street.  I really liked the restaurant's decor which included a noteworthy light fixture.
I had to try the assorted deviled egg appetizer of the day which was almost two pretty to eat!  It featured a truffle, chipotle lime, buffalo chicken, and sesame ginger egg which was clearly delicious and my favorite.  I also had the duck and waffles.  It featured a crispy duck confit leg with pecan sage waffles and cabbage.  It was a magnificent flavor combination.
The server, Carmine, was very friendly and accommodating with a sense of humor.  He joked how fun it is to watch the interesting people/characters coming and going across the street at Whole Foods.Supper is one of my new favorite brunch spots in Philly. I've been to Supper for dinner previously, but recently stopped by for Sunday brunch after it made Philly Mag's Restaurant Club Brunch Guide.
We went on a Sunday around 12:30pm. They were pretty booked up with reservations (they take reservations for brunch!) but we managed to score two seats at the bar. The eggs benedict was one of the best I've had and even better than the one my husband makes (which is pretty damn good). All sides are separate, so order the cornbread hush puppies if you know what's good for you and the duck fat fingerling potatoes. Yes, my friend, fried cornbread + potatoes + duck fat = heaven.
Service was good, and the freshly squeezed orange juice was delightful. Brunch at Supper is slightly more chic (ie. this ain't Honey's hipster scene) but comfortably casual nonetheless.
Final thoughts...
A great place for Sunday brunch especially when you can plan ahead and make reservations. Food is fresh, well-made, and offers twists on the standard brunch staples.At first I was a bit overwhelmed by the lay-out of Supper's menu: hors d'oeuvres, firsts, plates, large plates...  But our server successfully demystified the menu and was able to offer detailed recommendations, which I appreciated.  She was also quite helpful when I explained that I had a dairy allergy.  
Everything was delicious.  I particularly enjoyed the crab latkes and was intrigued by the deviled eggs, which had unique additives like old bay and truffles.  For my "plate" I ordered the pork tenderloin which was juicy and flavorful.  It tasted as though it had been in a slightly sweet marinade that really enhanced the flavor.  I also ordered two different cocktails, both of which were smooth and tasty.  I feel confident that I will enjoy any menu item I choose in the future.
Although I would not consider Supper appropriate for every day dining, I feel that for the quality and uniqueness of the menu and the experience, it is priced appropriately.  I would highly recommend Supper for a special occasion or date night.What a disappointment.
We were excited to come, and made reservations for our anniversary dinner. We were seated promptly, and the service was acceptable. But the food was very sub-par. I ordered the Pastrami Fried Chicken and it was 4 small pieces of chicken, that were filled with small bones, so required a lot of careful cutting to avoid eating bones. The flavor of the meat was very one-note. Overly smokey. There was a mayo based sauce on the plate that was tasty, but again, one-note. No depth or variety of flavor. The grits underneath were good. My wife got the duck and waffles. The waffle was so hard, we literally couldn't cut through it. How are you supposed to eat that? She said that the duck tasted old. 
For $100+ meal, you can do much better. We won't be back.Enjoyed the Restaurant Week menu.  Selected the deviled eggs, sweet potato soup, skate wing, and passion fruit bar dessert.  Service was good, but not perfect.  A wrong entree was delivered to the table and our fellow diner had a couple minute wait for the proper one to be brought.  The Sorcerer cocktail was a fantastic concoction that I highly recommend.  Nice wine list, also.  I would definitely give Supper another try for the regular menu some time.We called on a Thursday evening around 6:45 to ask about the wait and were told we'd probably wouldn't be seated until 8.  We decided to head over anyway, figuring we could always sit at the bar.  When we arrived 15 minutes later, eight of the ten tables downstairs were empty and we sat right away.  Maybe a whole bunch of people called to cancel their reservations?? Strange, but not the end of the world.  
We had the pretzels with chili & beer fondue and I wish we had ordered something else.  The cheese sauce had a weird aftertaste and the pretzels weren't particularly good. The Smoked Chicken wings had an interesting, tasty sauce.   
I definitely recommend the Acorn squash and leek salad. I ordered it despite the fact that it has cranberries, and I usually don't like fruit in salads. Make sure you get a piece of everything on your fork before you take a bite, the flavors are amazing together.  I didn't try the Grilled Flatbread because i don't eat sopressata but others at the table said it was ok, but too salty to finish. The pesto  in the Strozzapreti pasta was way too strong, you couldn't taste any of the other vegetables in the dish. The Sea Scallops were cooked well and the romesco was good.
My Grilled Poundcake dessert was gross.  The pound cake itself was charred, enough that even when i took a bite with the almond ice cream and pear all i could taste was BURNT.  Despite that, it wasn't even warm--I guess it had been sitting out for a while.
Our server was attentive & knew the menu and the owner stopped by our table to say hi.
None of it was awful, but when I go to a small plate restaurant I kinda expect some awesome food.  If I were to go back, which I probably won't, the acorn squash salad is the only item i would order again.On the recommendation of our chatty waiter, we started the dinner off with a bottle of Sebastiani zin, which was surprisingly good.  The deviled eggs were great, the hush puppy side was forgettable.  I had the duck as my main course and it was fabulous.  Tried the salmon, which was good, but not as good as the duck.  Very friendly service... a bit pricey, but a great experience nonetheless.I was craving a burger and my husband recommended that we try Supper. The restaurant is beautiful, there's lots of wood work, a nice open feeling to the space (yet still intimate), and a cool sculptural light fixture. 
We started off with the charcuterie (choice of three) - boudin blanc, pork rillettes, and country ham. It came with mustard, pickles and some crispy toast and all of the meat was delicious. For our entrees, we each ordered the burger even though we were definitely tempted by some other items on the menu (hello slow cooked pork belly). The burger arrived and it was quite sizable, which is to be expected when you're paying almost $20 for a burger. The toppings were great, the meat flavor was delicious, but my only complaint is that my burger was overcooked. I requested medium rare (the only acceptable way to eat a burger) and unfortunately mine came medium well - basically no pink at all. The highlight of the plate was those ridiculously tasty duck fat fried potatoes with a trio of dipping sauces. 
Also notable at Supper is the drink selection. We each had a cocktail that was perfectly made and unique. I will definitely be back to try some of the other entrees.Went here on a Thursday night with the $89 Living Social four course tasting deal. Place was dead at 6, but our early reservation scored us 1000 points on Open Table which was great. 
We got to choose from a preset selection of four courses from the menu. It seemed limited at first, but we were able to make substitutions with no problem. 
All of the food was great. The barley risotto and tamale fries were exceptional, as were the desserts (blueberry brown betty and apple pie). But the true standout was my duck and waffles, which is easily one of the best entrees I've had at a restaurant in Philly. I'd come back just for that. 
And we definitely got a deal with the Living Social, saving roughy $25 off of the menu price for the items we ended up ordering. 
If you've been thinking about Supper but have it a bit further down on your list (as was the case with us), don't let it stay there. This place should definitely be one of your next stops. Would give it 4.5 if I could.i had a top notch experience!!!!  our server was very professional and friendly. the food was very impressive. especially the sweet potato soup. OUT OF THIS WORLD!  the prices are high, but justified, and bringing your own booze keeps it much lower than it would be with alcohol. go here for a special treat!!!Supper is one of the best dining experiences in the city. The food is very creative and always spot on and delicious. On one visit our server was very unattentive and rude, which can almost ruin an experience regardless of how amazing the food is. When I talked to Mitch (owner) a few days later and let him know that our server was less than perfect he invited us back for a comp'd meal which was extradordinary. Every other meal has been nothing less than amazing. In my opinion the food is the best you will get in the city, familiar flavors put together in new, ultra creative ways that are inspiring. Dishes tend to be on the smaller side so it allows for trying a lot of different dishes, but also equates to a $$$$ dinner, but always worth it. Overall if you are bored of the usual and are really looking for a truly memorable dining experience by all means head to supper, or if you just want  a badass delicious meal it will come through.The mood? Classy, intimate, and comforting.
The lighting? Warm, golden, and tempered.
The design? Dark woods, textured glass, steel sculptures.
The service? Prompt, friendly, unmeddling.
The dishes? Undoubtedly good, but a bit underwhelming.
Though the cheese and charcuterie platter was not adventurous (all the cheeses were made from cow's milk), it was simply and beautifully presented, and the bright citrus orange jam was a welcome alternative to quince paste. The collection of deviled eggs was small, delicate, and simply nice, though the truffled egg and the sri racha egg were remarkable. My sea scallops needed a touch more caramelizing, but the accompanying pickled cauliflower, raisins, and nuts danced with the delicate romesco sauce, rendering a dish of piquant flavors and interesting textures. And, the burger with gruyere and caramelized onions was gorgeous, juicy, and full of subtle flavors. All complimentary comments, non?
My palate was still apathetic as the table was cleared, but suddenly a silky milk chocolate creme with a smooth pretzel crust and creme fraiche sorbet reignited my interest in the meal. Then, the grilled pound cake relegated everything to the night's tired themes: good ideas and flavors (the light grill marks nudging the sweetness of the cake into another place), combined with a dire need for a spark. My companions voiced similar feelings, saying they enjoyed the meal but wanted something more.
So, I am struggling to define the reasons that my meal at Supper was not completely satisfying. The proprietors clearly understand how to create dishes that hit all areas of the palate and combine good textures, they offer a lovely Sunday Supper once a month that with its excellent price point invites all members of the community to share a seasonal meal, they have sustainable agriculture concerns, and their setting and service are flawless. Perhaps this is a futile battle, and so I leave you to try Supper for yourself. Le sigh.Recently tried Supper, and I was pleasantly suprised.  
Ambiance: upscale, but with a casual feel.  really liked the decor, they did a great job with it.
Food:  now lets get to the food!  they combine different ingredients and not all the dishes are your norm, which is a great thing.
for starters-I tried the crab latke and the goat cheese dumplings.  the crab latke were tasty, and the sauce went right well with it.  it was the right amount of crisp.  goat cheese is my favorite, so I had to try this dish!  it was excellente! very savory, and my husband who doesnt even like goat cheese loved it.    
for entrees:  i tried the supper burger and the crusted tuna.  the supper burger was cooked perfectly and the burger had such a great taste to it, not your standard burger.  it comes with duck fat fingerlings, which was the first ive tried, and suprisingly liked them.  the crusted tuna was great!  the tuna was very fresh and the crust just added some pazzazz to it.  i would def get this again.
for dessert:  we tried the bread pudding!  just so delicious.   it comes with nutella and vanilla ice cream... the ice cream was so delicious.  im craving some now thinking about it.
service: our waiter was pleasant.  they were on-top of things
overall:  i highly recommend trying this restaurant.  it is a great date place or with a group of friends/family.  what i love about this place is they try new innovative dishes, and have an atmosphere that isnt too shi-shi.  try it out!Went for the first time today and will go back.  
The smoked chicken salad sandwich with duck fat fries was very good, but the pork shoulder hot dog with fried pickles is better. 
Next time I go back I have the large hot dog. The pickles are fried and have a dusting of barbecue of them, which gives them a little kick.
Think we were the only people actually ordering lunch, everyone else was having omelets and the french toast. Omelets looked really fluffy and it seemed like most people could only eat half of their order of the toast.
Good spot.I love visiting Philly and discovering the restaurant renaissance here.  While I do love cheesesteaks and hoagies, it is nice to get fresh wholesome cuisine without all the grease. Supper's atmosphere is casual and simple yet classy. The focus here is on the food.  Meals here are meant to be savored.  For starters, the pretzels with a beer cheese fondue were yummy.  I dipped my leftover bread to lap up the last bits.  The deviled eggs were original and the carrot and tangerine soup with a smear of coconut marshmallows offered a nice mix of flavors.  The scallops were nicely cooked as well.  Portions here are small, but meant to be layered.  Personally, this was perfect for me.  I also liked the warm  banana bread pudding with carmalized banana.  It was pure sophisticated comfort food without the heaviness.  I would recommend Supper again.  This is also a crowd-pleaser with something for everyone-from foodies to those who aren't as adventurous.After reading that Supper had made Philadelphia Magazine's top 50 restaurants I figured I'd finally give it a try for Restaurant Week.  I was excited for the menu and the comfort food options on a cold winter night.
Unfortunately, I was completely disappointed by both the food and service.  
The Food:
I ordered the sage cheese puffs, sweet potato soup, chicken and biscuit, and the bread pudding.  The cheese puffs were ok, but overwhelmingly flavored with sage to the extent that other flavors were hidden.  I also found something very hard in one of them, which seemed to be a piece of chicken bone!  The sweet potato soup had a nice flavor with a bit of spice that complemented the sweet nicely - by far my favorite dish, though the presentation with a swipe of toasted marshmallow along the side of the bowl was sloppy and too crusted onto the bowl to provide any flavor whatsoever.  My main dish included some perfectly cooked chicken with slightly underdone root vegetables on an EXTREMELY dry biscuit.  There was a light coating of a mustard sauce on the meat, but there needed to be much more liquid to make that hockey puck of a biscuit edible.  Finally, the bread pudding was bland and uninspired.  
My friend ordered different dishes and felt similarly that she had wasted her money on an extremely mediocre meal and felt that her entree was way too heavily salted and presentation of the peanut butter pie was pathetic.
The service:
Two different employees remarked that they were tired as an excuse for their weak interactions with us.  They were reasonably friendly, but gave off the impression that it was a bother to take our order and clear our dishes.  When our entrees arrived, the plates for our second courses had not yet been removed and the table was crowded with dirty dishes.  I was surprised to be asked to pass some to the food runner.  Seriously? 
I would not return to Supper and regret that we spent $150 there for a pitiful meal that I could have done a better job making at home.We went to Supper for a friend's birthday brunch recently, I have always been very fond of Philly's restaurants, very simple, not overrated, and just good food. Supper seems like a very promising place when you first walk in, the ambiance is very quite and warm, perfect for brunch. 
Their menu items are all very unique and sounds mouthwatering. Since we were a big group, we all ordered something different. 
we waited wat seemed like forever (maybe 30-1 hr) for our food, ridiculous! then they brought out our food one by one, the presentation was very nice, and everything seemed so good....until you actually eat it.
i got steak and egg- how can you go wrong with steak and egg??  the steak was so small and the eggs were not good! i can make better fried eggs, also the steak was def not the ny striploin cut the menu stated...where's the strip? i got medium and it was a lil chewy like it was overdone even though its still pink, the meat was not well seasoned, tasted like low quality piece of beef -_____-  if you r going to charge 20 bucks for a tiny piece of meat and 2 eggs at least make it good quality..also it came with this toast that was so hard you can probably use as a weapon
people around the table also got the following
bacon wrapped hot dog -aka dry salty sausage wrapped in soggy bacon in a strange texture bread
red velvet waffles w. cream cheese- soggy, floury, i would rather eat leggo my eggo, at least its crunchy 
some other ppl got egg frittata and beneigh which they also had nothing good to say so i didnt even bother to try 
the only ppl who liked their food were ppl who got burgers, they all said it was very good. 
despite the fact that they took so long to bring out the food, the service was also pretty bad, when we were desperately looking for condiments such as salt/pepper/ketchup....the waitress was no where to be seen, i swear in the two stories restaurant, there's only like 1-2 waitresses. They conveniently brought us the condiments right about when we finished eating, then brought us many plates of butter (???) for wat? no idea? .....
overall i must say this place keeps building up ur expectations until you order your food-then they consistently do a good job of crushing those built up expectations until  you leaveWe went for Sunday dinner. Place was not crowded.  For the most part food is very simple but prepared well. Burger was excellent.  I asked for medium rare and it was perfect. Cream of corn with coconut milk (or cream) soup is too rich.  Deviled eggs are not bad, but not everyone is fan of them, would be nice to have other options.  Only complain i have are deserts, way too simple.  Buttermilk ice cream was great, just very little portion, mostly cookies and brownies, not what you expect on desert menu. They had great biscuits but they were huge and loaded with butter, it would be nice to have wholegrain bread option as alternative.  Overall pretty good place.Incredibly fresh, beautifully simple, and flavorful food combinations. Hearthy and intimate setting with the most friendly and accommodating staff. Food is locally sourced and very ingeniously combined to make interesting flavor pallets. Carnivore, pesciterian, and vegetarian options abound!Supper is another one of those fancy brunch spots with a limited menu and high prices.  Overall the food was ok, but nothing too special... even the red velvet waffles which were decent but not to die for.  
I think the biggest problem was that in spite of sitting very close to the kitchen, our food came out cold.  I witnessed my $15 burger sitting there on the counter for over 5 minutes... no heat lamp... just getting cold.  Same with the red velvet waffles... cold and bland.  I get it that they like to wait for the food for the whole party, but better planning could have helped.
As for the service, our waiter seemed a bit lost, but he wasn't bad.  The rest of the servers were kind of giving us the glare as the clock ticked past 3PM.  I guess they close from 3-5.  
Either way, I didn't love it, and I probably won't go back.We  were looking forward to revisiting Supper ,we had a wonderful holiday dinner last year and expected to have a similar experience.....but it was clear that this was not to be! The food was salty and basically inedible, the rolls were stale, and the service was horrible. The wait staff was inexperienced and appeared to needing a bath. When we called the chef  to tell him about our experience he simply was not interested. Overall the experience and the food were horrible!!! PS we give this restaursnt 0 out of 5 stars but we had to select at least 1 star to have this review posted.Nicely decorated. Friendly service. Most everything I had for brunch was overcooked. Drinks were good. Basic overpriced brunch. Fixed price menu was 3/4 super sweet items - I'd like if they added a couple more savory choices.I went to Supper for a dinner date on Saturday night, and really enjoyed it. Good food and good service.
We ordered the smoked chicken wings as an appetizer, and they were amazing. Hot, tender, juicy chicken wings generously covered in a sweet glaze, but then coated with black pepper so there was a spicy kick cutting through the sweetness. 
At Supper, the server walks around with a large basket of bread and offers you selections from the various loaves they have. We tried the ciabatta and the garlic Italian. The ciabatta was good, but not extraordinary; the garlic Italian bread was amazing. Garlic cloves were baked right into the bread, imparting a strong flavor. The bread was warm and chewy, and a bit of butter complemented it perfectly. We requested more of the bread because it was soooo good. 
For entrees, I ordered the duck & waffles (Supper's signature dish) and my boyfriend ordered the Supper burger. The pecan sage waffle in my dish was unique, but I think they were a bit too heavy handed with the maple bourbon au jus, because my waffle was falling apart as it was so saturated in the au jus. The duck leg was tender and moist, and easily fell apart with minimal cutting. The skin was flavorful, but contained too much fat for my liking so I left it. The maple au jus imparted a nice sweet touch to the duck confit.
I didn't try much of the burger, but my boyfriend reported it was good, albeit a bit too tall (with everything piled on it) to eat properly. I did try the duck fat potato wedges served alongside the burger, which were really good - albeit a bit heavy on the salt.
We were tempted to order dessert, but ultimately decided we were too full. I would definitely go back - maybe for brunch!Went for brunch last weekend, the pumpkin pie french toast was delicious. BF got the the pancakes with bananas walnuts, pretzels, and vanilla suds, it was a little odd to see but it tasted divine! Overall a lovely experience, a nice crowd mix, not too crowded or loud. I would definitely eat there again.Supper has taunting me for over a year with every gratuitous stop in at Whole Foods, so I was excited to experience the farm to table cuisine with my coworkers. As proponents of the paleo lifestyle we're always looking for restaurants capable of accommodating our high standards. I was hoping Supper would be a go-to but I was somewhat let down overall.
 I'll start with the good. 
The place has good feng shui. It's a pleasing dining room with rustic yet artsy decor, and an upstairs I didn't even know about.
A member of our party was running late so three of us sat at the bar. The bartender was sweet and lovely and professional. She guided our drink selections and also chimed into conversation which I always welcome. The positive service experience ended there.
 We were seated by the hostess and the server followed to get a drink order. I don't recall an introduction, because I don't remember his name, but I do recall that he never smiled once or offered even the mildest of pleasantries. He just seemed pissy. He took the drink menu away after the first drink was ordered and then pulled the wine glasses immediately. Perhaps that's standard policy, but we were all drinking alcohol and 2 of us brought wine from the bar, so....seemed premature to me. Especially since we immediately asked for the wine list and ordered more wine. There were at least 2 occasions where I tried to ask him a question that he apparently couldn't hear (aghem, I've never been accused of being a low talker...) so rather than walk around the table to hear me better I ended up shouting at him. I was fully annoyed with him after All this and probably didn't hide it after 3 glasses of wine. He became somewhat less surly, but everything about his attitude came close to ruining the whole dinner for me. Thank god we were with friends having good conversation.
 It didn't help the experience for us that we were the last table left in the restaurant. We weren't seated until after 8:30 and I suppose it was around 10:15 when we realized the room was cleared out and the servers were mopping and convening at the bar waiting for us to wrap it up. We may have stayed for another drink but we felt like "those" people that servers hate and felt pretty uncomfortable. So we left!
As for the food, we ordered deviled eggs, the masa tamale fries, and duck fat fries for appetizers. For me, that was the culinary highlight. The eggs were inventive and delicious as everyone says and I could easily live off those for the rest of my days. The masa fries were a refreshing change of pace and flavor. The duck fat fries were tasty buy cut a little thick for my taste.
The carrot squash soup with candied ginger was not without flavor but it was really just ok. I've had much better in that category.
My husband and I both order the pan seared striped bass, unusual for us to order the same thing, and so did our friend. It was served over greens and fennel purée. The fish was cooked and plated perfectly but it just didn't taste like anything at all. Too bland even for bass.
Taking all things into account it was just a 3 star experience. I'm willing to give it another try When the menu changes, but if that aging blonde server who either hates his job or hates people is even in the restaurant, I'll probably turn around and walk out.
I'm so fascinated by this lack of social grace and appropriate service in a highly rated restaurant, or even any restaurant for that matter. I'm guessing the poor behavior is reinforced as patrons continue to tip well out of social pressure rather than insuring prompt service, as tipping was intended to promote..patrons like my friend and husband who split the bill in half and still tipped this guy 20%.
All I can say is I'm very vocal about this because it bothers me so much, but many people may not be and simply don't return to a place that made them feel uncomfortable. I dine out for the experience. If one server sours the experience, I will remember that more than the food even if it was good.Love the atmosphere and deviled eggs. Service was not so hot both times I have been there though and it wasn't busy.We just went to Supper for Restaurant Week and were really satisfied with our experience! To be honest, we were initially a bit reticent because of some mixed reviews here. However, we have no regrets with sticking it out and giving Supper a try. We felt strongly about offering a positive review since we really enjoyed the ambience, the service, and the food. We started with deviled eggs and hush puppies, then had fried brussels sprouts and farm greens and herbs salad, then had toasted barley risotto and confit stuffed breast of chicken. Finally, we finished with the dark chocolate pudding and the peanut butter pie with berry ice cream. We liked every course. The portions were generous, our server was great, and we were really happy that we chose Supper as our date night place for this round of Restaurant Week.I am going against the grain to say I was not a fan of the duck and waffles. I decided to be adventurous, but the maple syrup overpowered the duck, and it just too sweet for my liking. The duck was also a little on the dry end. The deviled eggs were good though. And my boyfriend loved Supper Burger...even the bun! He said all the flavors went together perfectly and he was savoring every bite.The dinners I've had at Supper have been good, but the brunches have been extremely disappointing. So disappointing that I wonder why I go back (probably because I avoid it for so long that I forget how terrible it is). Well this time I'm not forgetting. The dinners are good, don't get me wrong, but the carelessness and lack of heart of the brunch almost makes me not want to eat dinner there. By the way, this says nothing of the service, which is good.
But on to brunch. Every time I have visited it has been underwhelming, undersalted, and under-loved. On my last visit the choose-your-own frittata was less than great, flavored mainly by the potato and carmelized onion hash put on top of the frittata. Now, you might say it might be because of my choice of fillings, but I chose the carmelized onions and cheese - what wouuld it have tasted like if I hadn't chosen carmelized onions? Bland potato and cheese? Not to mention that the diced potato hash was deep fried. And the hush puppies we ordered were essentially tasteless balls of deep fried dough (i've had much better). If I wanted to eat deep fried everything I would have had french fries at McDonald's or started cooking like Paula Deen (who, let's face it, deep fries everything). And don't even get my started on Jen's "Old School" Breakfast Cereal Buffet, which is essentially a couple open boxes of cereal on an unadorned counter - for $7 you couldn't even pour it into a container? Maybe I'm being picky, but I have had enough of brunches that taste bad and rip you off. It's a wonder how the dinners are still ok. I would give it one star, but alas it would not be fair given the dinner. As a restaurant, you can't ignore your brunch patrons. if you're not going to care for them with quality, don't open for brunch at all.we went here for restaurant week. first, second and fourth courses were absolutely delicious. homemade pretzels, grilled pound cake were delicious. all around good food - some slight misses, hence the one star off, with the pot roast being a little dry and my husband thought one of the mushroom barley sides had too much of an earthy taste (described as brackish water...but i didn't think it was thaaaat bad). But so much was so good!My goodness, what a great meal. Skilled chefs in that kitchen, wow. Their deviled eggs are a signature piece and they are also know for their pastrami fried chicken. Wonderful staff and wide open kitchen.  Best seat in the house is by the kitchen where you get to watch the magic happen. I'm so coming back, and coming back with friends. Great job guys. Thank you!It took me WAY too long to finally dine at Supper, but I'm finally glad I did.
I'm not as into Restaurant Week as other folks, but when friend Lauren D mentioned she made rezzies here, I had to tag along.  I remembered how delicious the snacks were at a previous Yelp event here back in fall of '09, so I was pretty excited for dinner.
Supper stepped up their game for RW and offered a whopping four courses of brilliance.  With three choices for each course, I went with
1. cheddar and sage gougeres with bacon aioli
2. forest mushroom and goat cheese french dip
3. the root vegetable shepard's pie
4. plate of homemade cookies with chocolate egg cream (!!!)
Honestly....what can I say?  The entire experience, from start to finish, was absolutely flawless.  The food and the service was impeccable.  
Are you related to/date a picky eater, but want to take them somewhere classier than the neighborhood gastropub?  Do you know a shameless, self-professed "foodie"?  Supper should be your choice, and I can't wait to return.I have only been to Supper once but it was one of the best dining experiences I've had. I'm just waiting for a good excuse to go back.
The decor is pretty, interesting and comfortable, and the lighting is perfect. Service throughout the evening was flawless - our knowledgeable waiter seemed to have some sort of ESP that told him exactly when to be around, when to leave us alone, and what to bring before we even asked.
I really like trying lots of different flavors during a meal, so the small plates setup is great for me. Broccoli fritters (hold the bacon) were light and savory. The butternut squash soup gussied up with homemade marshmallow - dear god. Perhaps the best soup that has ever crossed my lips. 
There are no vegetarian entrees on the menu, but the chef used their seasonal ingredients to come up with a creative dish that fit in with the rest of the menu. Desserts - cake, homemade ice cream and some kind of tart were all present at our table - were uniformly excellent. 
The wine list is small but well thought out, and they have some interesting cocktails that reflect the fresh, inventive theme of the menu.Supper Benny. OMG. AMAZING. Chris was our server and he was great. I have never been here before, but after this brunch, I will have to try dinner.Best burger ever. However, they had a living social coupon, and I could not reach anybody to make the reservation  on the last day, and they did not call back after the fact to discuss how I can utilize the voucher. Very bad business demeanor, and of course I told everybody. Too bad. The one time I was there the food and wine were good as well as the service, and the prices acceptable for the quality.The service was great! The place was very beautiful, small but not to tight. Went on 1.27.15. Went there for  restaurant week. Will NOT be back! The food was awful EVERY dish, im sorry to say, even the salad had a gritty dirt taste to it. How can you mess up a salad, which I was offered when the waiter noticed i only had two spoons of the sweet potatoes soup. He was very nice and insisted that I have another dish even after i told him it's okay. I also had the salmon deviled eggs.......once again I thought i was playing ot safe but they were very bland.  My last dish was the catfish cakes that I honestly see someone else enjoying (I didnt) so i won't say they were awful, but i couldn't eat it. My dessert was the cranberry ???, which i did enjoy.OK, so we have been going here for years. We discovered it during Restaurant week, and have met family here and given gift cards for loved ones. It is so great. I love their Sunday brunch. It's atmosphere is great. The owners go around to meet you and are so friendly. It's a don't miss if you are in Philly!We were greeted immediately by a friendly hostess, and from there the server was on it and attentive. We had the chefs tasting and loved it!   The dinner rolls and maple butter were ridiculously good!  The wine list was interesting.  All ingredients were fresh. Top notch in every way, highly recommend!!!Hey Supper, if you're going to accept reservations through opentable.com then you can't also assume people are visiting your website. We made a NYE reservation for 4, including a toddler and a senior citizen, via opentable. The restaurant called the day before to confirm our reservation as usual. When I called them back to confirm they also insisted that I give them a credit card number "in case you're a no show."  She, "Jackie," was very stern about this point.  Nice attitude, eh? Customer service tip for Jackie: instead say, "in case you're unable to make it and don't let us know within X hours of your reservation time" rather than making up a policy on the spot as you go along and insulting your customer who was courteous enough to return your call immediately to confirm.
Shouldn't my return phone call AND my opentable reservation have been enough? Given that we do have a small child and an elderly person in our party I asked how much they'd charge if we were regrettably a "no show."  It was a whopping $25 per person. I didn't feel like arguing with Jackie's idiocy and accusatory tone so I went ahead and reluctantly gave her my credit card info. Made me want to cancel on principal as this policy wasn't stated up front either on opentable or in their initial phone call to me but I wanted to check with my family first.  My family agreed that it was rude and killed our Supper buzz.  We then checked their website to see if this policy is mentioned regarding NYE -- it isn't.  But also we learned from their site that they only have a special NYE pre fixe menu and not their usual menu. Fine, some restaurants do both on NYE but  this is not stated on opentable.com, nor is the credit card requirement. We canceled our reservation and chose a less hostile restaurant (Chima and Varalli were both still taking NYE reservations. Varalli also requires a credit card to confirm a reservation but it's made clear up front when going through opentable).
Lesson learned:  don't just book a place through opentable, it's not informative enough. Visit the restaurant's own website first.  
And if Supper wants to have draconian, arbitrary reservation policies that create hostility and mistrust with their customers before they've even walked in the door then they should at least state this up front. "We are a**holes about reservations" would be a nice way to word your disclaimer.  Maybe it can also be a two-way policy, like if I decide the meal didn't meet my expectations because the chef's talent was a "no show" I get a $25 per person discount on the bill. Whaddya say, 
Jackie?Supper is great for brunch and dinner. Very casual yet high quality ingredients. There is even an upstairs area that you can rent out. Right across from whole foods so parking is not a problemDelicious farm-to table fare with a hipster vibe. The red quinoa pilaf came piled with edamame and roasted vegetables; perfection. The wine selection was fantastic and the service prompt. Flavored deviled eggs was not something I'd seen before before; it was unique and pleasing to the palate. 
The only minor downsides were the hazlenut tiramisu was more like a bland cake with coffee icecream and the waiter inadvertently gave one dineer in our party minute piececs of bread. (She was offended thinking peerhaps the waister was hinting that she needed to go on a diet!)Went here for the first time for a dinner with my fiancé. It was trendy and quaint inside. We started with the deviled eggs, which good (some were tastier than others). Then I had the supper burger, which was quite tasty and the fries were delicious. The only thing that was "odd" was the pancetta which was a bit too crisp for my taste. Other than that, it was delicious. My fiancé had the duck and waffles. She enjoyed the waffles more than the duck. For dessert, we shared the spiced apple biscuit pudding with ginger ice cream. It was great, not too heavy but very delicious. The only thing is that I wish the ice cream had a little more ginger. The service was good, it was a slow Tuesday night. We will go back.Absolutely fabulous brunch today. Had the  skillet roasted mushroom toast and nothing like the name implies it would be but so delicious! Can't wait to go back for brunch -- but really need to try their dinner now too!I invited one of my closest friends to come visit me in Philly for the weekend. She had never been to this city, so I got to play tour guide and show her around Center City and experience quintessential Philadelphian things. About half of that tour consisted entirely of food (cheesesteaks being number one priority for her), and since I kept telling her how amazing the dining scene is around town we decided to meet up with two of her friends who were also living in Philly and go out to a nice dinner.
She gave me complete decision-making powers when it came to dinner, so I chose Supper because I had been dying to try it. Its right across the street from Whole Foods and Super Fresh, so I see it every time I go grocery shopping and that only made me more curious. Saturday evening came, and when we arrived for our 7pm reservations I was surprised to find the restaurant nearly empty. We sat down and our waiter explained to us the menu, which apparently is slightly deceptive in its description. The hors d'oeuvres are very small plates, shareable between two people, the appetizers are traditional appetizer sizes, as are the soups and salads, while the small plates are like small entree sizes and the large plates are entree size. Since it was our first time dining there, he proceeded to go through every section and described the best dishes in each. It was alot to process.
After information overload, we opted to share two hors d'oeuvres and each get our own plate. We ordered one plate of their pretzels with cheese dipping sauce, a house specialty that apparently is the most popular dish they have, and two plates of the crab latkes since the dish only comes with two. The pretzels were warm and soft, and the cheese sauce was creamy, rich, and oh-so-cheesy. Our waiter gave us extra multigrain bread because there was so much dip. The crab latkes were fantastic. They were crispy and a little salty, and came topped with a little crab meat and some mustard sauce.
We each ordered a small plate for our entrees, and incidentally chose one of each of their seafood dishes, which were highly recommended by our waiter. I ordered the chile crusted skate wing with tomato-crab salsa and jalapeno oil and I have to say it was my favorite dish of the evening. I initially was going to order their striped bass dish, but it was something I could probably make myself (maybe not as well, but close), so I opted for a fish I hadn't had in awhile and I am glad I did. The fish was cooked perfectly and was spicy in just the right way. The other girls loved their dishes as well, which included the sea bass entree, the sea scallops (2 of them) with edamame succotash, and the seared tuna deconstructed nicoise salad. 
The food was incredibly delicious, and the service was spectacular. We opted not to order dessert and told the waiter we were going to take our friend to try water ice; he came back moments later and told us where to find a nearby, authentic water ice place called John's. We followed his directions, which were spot on, and he was right about how incredible that water ice was. It was truly a wonderful dinner, I'm so glad that my friend was able to experience how amazing Philadelphia cuisine is. In fact, she now likes Philly a little more than New York (which is where we are both from)!Visiting from L.A., my wife and I used yelp to find this very fine restaurant. It was a little different (creative/=pricey) than we anticipated, but it surely did not disappoint. The service was instantly warm and friendyl. The menu of small dishes provided the opportunity to try many wonderful things.. And the waiter made a great recommendation of the duck toast (incredible!)... So go prepared to throwdown at least $150 for two if you want to do it right- as we did with the dense chocolate cake and a shared glass of scotch. A perfect way to end our week in Philly! Great neighborhood.. Great town.... Great meal!Oh my!  I just got back after eating here for restaurant week, and it was a friggin treat.  Not being able to afford to eat here on normal occasion, I decided to take advantage of this event, and it was to die for.  The service was excellent, and the food was intensely creative and cooked perfectly.  The skin on my chicken was so crispy, my god.  And by all means, the inside was so tender!   But who really wants to hear me talk about it, just go go go!I started with the Carrot Orange soup - delicious! Little bursts of ginger and orange, as well as the thin layer of toasted marshmallow (on the side of the bowl, so optional) really enhanced the soup.
My entree was the Boneless Lamb Shank which was also wonderful. It's not a light dish, but has tender meat and grains with great flavor balanced by some tasty vegetables.
So why only 3 stars?  As much as I loved my entree, the Day Boat Scallops were very disappointing. They were slightly fishy tasting and also were not cooked enough. I also sampled the Beets appetizer; while the onions had been nicely prepared, but I found the beets and walnuts unremarkable.My first experience at this american bistro was fabulous.  we were in the mood for a few tastes and light fare.  thankfully, the plates and flavors we found at Supper were perfect for our palates.  We started with the crab latke (which was amazing), followed that with pasta 1st and wrapped up the tasting with scallops ( perfectly done).  The staff was very attentive and I cannot wait to revisit .  Kudos to the chef/owner...If I could give less than one star, I would. We had a horrible experience at this restaurant. The service was abysmal. The coffee was ice cold and it took ten minutes to get creamer for it. The food was also cold. The meal tasted as though it was being prepared for someone else an hour before we got to the restaurant. When the owners were informed of the problems with the meal and service, the female owner was nice. The male owner (I am assuming the husband) was blasé and could not care less about the subpar service and food. He was all bad attitude without any concern for his customers.I want to give Supper more stars, but honestly, I am trying so hard to even remember what I ate the other night and here is why: portions are small. My friend and I order the Gazpacho Salad (a special item on the menu) and it was the smallest salad I have ever seen.  That was strike one.  Then, our entrees arrived. They were both small portions: catfish and hangar steak. Strike two.  Then, we decided to order a dessert to share: peach cake. Well, it was delicious - the cake part - but the peaches weren't even slightly ripe.  Strike three. What a bummer.  
The positive notes are that the cocktail that I ordered (I can't remember the name, but it had Makers Mark in it) was delicious and the waittress was a gem. Lovely atmosphere, too. Just plan on stopping for a cheeseburger somewhere after you leave.I came here for a friend's birthday during Center City Restaurant week. There are some good aspects which I will point out, but there are also some negative aspects that are worth mentioning. 
I'll start with the positives. First, I was pleasantly surprised walking in to see such a beautifully decorated restaurant. Right off the bat -- good ambiance? check. Because they had the restaurant week menu, I had the option of choosing course 1, 2, and dessert; therefore, I chose the deviled eggs, soup, crispy catfish, and butterscotch bread pudding. The main entree, the crispy catfish, was excellent. I loved the combo of the fish with grits and edamame. They topped it all of with some hot sauce which I thought added the kick it needed to hit it home. Dessert was very good too. I didn't care too much for the deviled eggs or the soup, though. Overall, the food belongs with the list of positives, and because a restaurant is mainly about the food, I've opted to give them four stars for that reason. Good food? -- check.
However, now on to the negatives. The waiter was a bit clumsy. I asked for his suggestions on drinks and his suggestions really didn't match his descriptions. Also, I don't think he was very quick to pick up on cues. He came over to our table to ask us if we needed a little too much initially and didn't come over when we needed him to. 
Anyway, I would come here again. Pricey but I think worth revisiting.After sampling the crab latkes at last weekend's Yelp event... I was hooked and wanted to go there for a full blown supper (although they also serve brunch and lunch).
The restaurant itself is very inviting.  The art deco chandeliers match the South Street vibe and the cool unpretentious modern space was both cool and comfortable.  The new American food was well thought out by chef Mitch (who was kind enough to greet all patrons while they dined).  Supper's twists on classic dishes nicely compliment the space.  Of note:
- Crab Latkes with a hint of lemon zest (light and refreshing)
- Boston Bibb salad complimented by thick cut bacon, marinated apples bits and a spicy ranch dressing (in a word excellent... order extra dressing)
- Creamy carrot soup (perfect consistency and the marshmallow smear covers dessert)
- Duck leg served with waffles and greens worked well but falls under the things that make you go hmm... category (the crispy duck was well seasoned and real maple syrup soaked waffles again covered dessert)
- Pork belly roll was the highlight of the evening (my Dad who doesn't really believe in vegetables ate every last bite of the accoutrements)
- Potato fingerlings friend in duck fat are worth ordering (accompanied by a mustard/mayo sauce... might also be good with the Bibb dressing)
Now for the but... the service was disappointing.  The wine isn't premeasured, so the pours varied greatly and the waiter dropping off our pate plate couldn't explain its contents and needed to "check with the kitchen."  Otherwise, the meal was good.  The prices are similar to P&K, but in my opinion the better food.  I will be back.This is prob one of the best date night places we've found in Philly so far. The decor is abs gorgeous (I'm a fan of more understated, comfortable decor vs crazy luxe) an the food was wonderful. I had the duck/waffles, which was super yummy. Hubby had the lamb while our friends had the duck/waffles and striped bass. I love that the flavors are clean and fresh; the chilled soup was also extremely good. Will def make another trip out here soon for a nice date night dinner.Fantastic brunch! As others have commented, portions are very large. Strongly encourage sharing the Banana Cream Pie French Toast with a large table of friends. It's SO good!! Dixie Biscuit was so good reminding somewhat of biscuit and gravy with the white grits being the gravy-esque.Visited Supper for the first time last night and had an enjoyable experience. Nothing out of this world and nothing I'd crave in the future, but all in all, a pretty good dining adventure. 
Here's the reason for my 3 stars. The place was empty, granted, it was a stifling hot 95 degree Thursday, but Supper is located right on South Street, where there's a constant influx of visitors. Not here. This led our service to be way too fast for my liking. We ordered 5 appetizers and one burger to share between the 2 of us. 
Not thinking that we'd need to stagger our order - we figured they'd get the idea and bring our dishes out one at a time, nicely spaced for our enjoyment - but they didn't. One after another, the hits kept coming, with barely one bite of the lobster rolls (delectable little items, creamy & chunky lobster salad perched atop a tiny deep fried bread boat) down before the homemade pretzels came out and then the crab latke (which is really just a latke, fried HARD with some lump crab meat on top) and less than a reach of a fork before the feta and herb stuffed peppers came out (definitely the winning dish, with home grown peppers from their farm in West Chester stuffed with aforementioned cheese and topped with a succulent roasted tomato, smoked paprika compote). 
Good appetizers, and the burger was average. The duck fat fried fingerling potatoes could have been quartered and not halved to produce a more crunchy vessel with which to scoop the truffle oil mayonnaise, but that's just my opinion. I'd consider Supper's menu to be comparable to Village Whiskey, but not quite to that level - yet... I'll also let it be known that I drank about 64 ounces of water upon my return home, signaling an all too salty meal!Love going here.  Whether its brunch, dinner, dessert, or just drinks. The food is great.  I love the deviled eggs, burger, chicken cracklin salad, and service. A personal favorite.Wow!  What a great find.  Really different menu, but something for everyone.  Highly recommend the burger, amazing!  Great food, service and Stumptown Coffee too!Underwhelming and overpriced. The interior is nice and I was really excited to try this place. Dishes are tasty but very small and overpriced. The place is loud which makes conversation difficult and detracts from the experience. Service a little slow and as others have mentioned seemed aloof. Will not be returning.We ordered Rabbit pot pie and a duck on waffle. The creativity was impressive but the dishes were both a bit over-salty for us.I have an excellent meal here. I went for Philly's restaurant week and got 4 courses all of which were really good.
On top of that, I got great service and the meal wasn't too expensive.Tried Supper tonight for the first time since we had a living social deal.  Food was very good for all 4 courses.  Portions were on the smaller side but everything was tasty.  Service was friendly and the décor is nice.  Great location.I heard great things about it a few months ago and was waiting for the opportunity to check it out.  We scored a table at the first Sunday Supper and were not disappointed.  I was't sure what to expect since it was only one seating and stated family style.  I have been to the Wednesday night chef's table (or whatever they call it) at Fork -- but this was like a regular dinner with all the parties seated individually, just with famliy style entrees.  The service was excellent!  I dont know if they had extra staff to ensure the evening went smoothly but they were great.  
We went with a 1/2 price wine selection for the evening but they offer free BYOB for the Sunday Supper too.  The space is really nice, modern touches but cozy.  The value was outstanding (probably more than their regular menu) and we walked with leftovers of all three entrees and were stuffed.  The food was delicious, very simple and unique.  We loved the cheesy polenta with wild mushroom ragout.  Its something I would NEVER order but was our hands down favorite dish.  
I believe that the Sunday Supper is an homage to homecooking and eating at your mom's house (if she had an interior decorator).  I believe it will be a monthly event and we will certainly be back.Supper is a trendy farm-to-table joint on South Street. Can't comment on dinner, but brunch was spectacular:
Highlights:
- Supper hot dog
- duck fat fries
- cereal buffet
- chilaquiles navidad
- hoboken benny
Supper dog was the higlight:  pork shoulder hot dog wrapped with bacon.Great food. Service was good, but the wait for dinner was little too long for my liking. Lemonade is tart not sweet.I have eaten here twice, and on both occasions the butternut squash soup with the cinnamon marshmallow swoop changed my life.  Upon consuming this autumnal confection for the first time, I had a vision of Jesus Christ tap-dancing in the Northern Lights.  The second time I saw the Dalai Lama doing the Macarena.  
The only way I can describe the decor is that it's the kind of place that Lily van der Woodsen would take Rufus Humphrey on a "friendly" weekday dinner.I came with a friend to Supper right as they were about to close; we just asked if they were open but didn't really expect them to say yes. The service was great, and didn't stop although we had come in so late, which I really appreciated.
The entire meal was great, and uniquely flavorful. Although the meal was a bit ago, I still remember the dishes: the Deviled Eggs, Smoked Sweet Potato Soup (is there anything better than a marshmellow in your soup?) and the banana bread pudding were all out of this world good. Realistically though, I don't think you could go wrong as nearly everything I tasted, I wanted more from. I would definitely recommend Supper if you're looking for a nice restaurant worth the money.Mitch & Jen are so welcoming. My husband & I really enjoy midweek dinners sitting at the bar. Always start with the signature deviled eggs. Good burger, good soups, fresh veggies from their farm, and Mitch works wonders with rabbit in the winter.Quirky and enjoyable eatery.  We had brunch and everyone in our party of 4 found something to like - a rarity among picky eaters.
We plan to revisit for dinner soon.  I suspect we'll up the rating to 5-stars.Went to Supper for brunch one Sunday. The food was good, not great, and I felt like it was overpriced. Not bad, but I doubt I'll want to go again.Good stuff! Whoever heard of a restaurant specializing in deviled eggs? Apparently they serve around four varieties out of 40 possible combinations each night. They are delicious. Had the garlic and capers/bacon versions on our night. Pumpkin soup, delicious, chicken wings appetizer, delicious, salad, delicious. Main courses of fancy southern style dishes of BBQ shrimp and grits, and fried chicken with collard greens and grits. Admittedly, the BBQ Shrimp I had at Emeril's Orlando last week were much better, but they weren't bad here. The fried chicken dark meat parts were good and thankfully outnumbered 2:1 the dry white meat piece that was served. Grits good in both dishes as was the collard greens served with the chicken.
Desserts: almond joy cake and bread pudding both served with a scoop of icecream were delicious.
We used a LivingSocial meal deal, but I would definitely go even without it. Might try Happy Hour specials too.This review is for brunch at Supper.
The Hanger Steak & Eggs was a strong dish with perfectly medium-rare steak to dip the the luscious egg yolk. 
Lamb Pastrami French Dip Sandwich came with duck fat fried fingerlings, which were super tasty.
Wanted to try their deviled eggs, but unfortunately they are not available for brunch :-(
Overall service was friendly and the food was good, but not as good as the meal I remember having at a private event held at Supper almost 2 yrs ago.I went to supper for Brunch last Sunday. What a waste of time and money. The service was horrific from start to finish. At one point I think she went home and came back. The menu was really lacking and I was looking for something different, so I ordered the Lamb French Dip. I took maybe one bite and didn't like it, so I just left it there. The server was non existent so she didn't even stop over to check on us. The food runner saw we finished and came to clear. I told her she could take my plate which still had a full sandwich on it. Hello? Shouldn't there be a lightbulb going off? I obviously didn't like the sandwich. The food runner did tell the server who reappeared and she did not offer anything else. She just brought the check. It took another twenty minutes to get that taken care of and they were extremely slow. The only positive thing I can say is the Belinis were good, but how could you screw that up? it's only peach puree and Persecco.It was snowing a few nights ago and we thought Supper would be a pretty place to eat since they have such huge windows.  Indeed, the view was the best part of the evening.  There were - literally - THREE tables with people eating, including us, and I'd say our server was completely unaware of us.  I don't think I've ever experienced someone so disconnected from his diners.  Anyway, the two of us started off with four apps, which we both agreed were terrific.  Gorgeously presented, flavorful...we couldn't wait for our entrees to arrive.  We should have left after the apps, because the entrees seemed like they came from a different restaurant....french fries that were uncooked -- sent them back (which I never/rarely do) and they came back, again, just uncooked.  Raw potato is not appealing.  The lamb meatballs were inedible.  So dry and with an acidic sauce that makes your stomach start to churn with the first bite...not in a good way.  Hamburger was flavorful but was just raw ground beef (medium rare should be a little cooked anyway).  When we were finally able to capture the attention of the server we tried to discreetly communicate the problems.  He told us it was "Greg the regular chef" in the kitchen and walked away in the middle of us talking to him and began screaming into the kitchen everything we had quietly said to him while he was walking toward the kitchen.  We were embarrassed.  He told us "The food will come off the bill," and we were in the middle of saying that wasn't necessary when he walked away from us again.  You know, if we had at least had a decent server the rest could have been ameliorated, but this guy was one of the worst waiters we've ever had.  It's too bad, because we live just blocks from the place and it would be nice if they could care about their patrons to the point you'd want to return.  But returning is not something we'll be doing, unless for apps and drinks at the bar.  When I saw the restaurant didn't allow diners to post reviews on Open Table, I should have followed my instincts and skipped this place (I've never seen a restaurant not allow reviews to be posted).  Now I understand.  But wouldn't it be a lot easier to fix these problems than trying to stop people from talking about the problems?The food here is superb; farm to table with a southern flair. No one in our party of six was disappointed with their dinner selections. We had the creative deviled eggs, foie gras. For dinner I had the shrimp and grits and for dessert, the sweet potatoe pie. The food was exceptionally authentic southern; as southern foodie, I should know. The service was extraordinary. We had large group at a late hour and our was server was nothing but nice. She told us to take our time and not rush anything.  I was pleased that Supper exceeded my expectations.A recent brunch visit has prompted an additional star.  I took out of town guests to Supper on Saturday for brunch.  I ordered the dixie biscuit:  two scrambled eggs, country ham and pimento cheese on cathead biscuit with white grits and pickles.  As someone who has to work really hard to remind myself to eat slowly, when I come across a dish that is so good I have to do nothing else but pause and savor, I take notice.  The Dixie Biscuit was just this dish.  I could not eat it slowly enough, not wanting to finish!!! 
I also loved the old school cereal buffet, with throwbacks like count chocula and booberries, how can you go wrong!New American food with local ingredients and a rustic twist. Although the food was tasty, it was a little too rich for me. Maybe it was just what we ordered, but everything (minus the salad) was either deep fried and/or loaded with cheese or mayo. Not cholesterol-friendly.. but don't get me wrong-- still very yummy. 
Very delicious dishes:
- Pretzels, accompanied by a smoked chile & beer fondue
- Mini Maine Lobster Rolls: fried bread topped with lobster and corn aoli
- Supper Burger: juicy and flavorful, comes with bacon, gruyere, caramelized onions, and tomato on a brioche bun, and served with duck fat fried fingerling potatoes on the side.
Less delicious dishes:
- I was told the Deviled Eggs were a must-try (after all, they did win the title of best bar snacks in the 'Best of Philly 2010' awards), which comes with 4 'flavors' that change daily- we had the classic, sriracha, crab & old bay, and black truffle. All were presented beautifully and tasted fine, but if you're ambivalent about deviled eggs to begin with, I don't think Supper will suddenly make you love them. 
- The Farm Greens and Herbs Salad was 'meh.' The cornbread pieces in it were tasty (these also happened to be fried), but that's about all that stood out in this dish.
Wonderful setting to dine, though, and our waiter was really friendly and laidback. The interior, which Supper describes as having an "urban farmhouse" vibe, is gorgeous and unpretentious. A really nice place... the food was just a little too indulgent for my taste.I was totally (pleasantly) surprised with my experience at Supper last night after hearing mixed reviews about it for awhile now. We were seated promptly and the waiter was informative and very nice. We started with the tamale fries and black eyed pea fritters. The tamale fries were awesome. Then for the entree my husband had the braised beed with beets (also awesome) and I had the duck and waffles...."duck and waffles?!," you say? YES! DUCK AND WAFFLES. It was the perfect balance of sweet mapley goodness and salty crispy duck. Breakfast for dinner, but not in the really poverty stricken way I did in college. 
Bottom Line: I will say it again...duck and waffles. Go enjoy your super supper at Supper.My friends and I came here last week and were disgusted by what we noticed in the kitchen.  I normally don't use Yelp, but I created an account specifically to warn people against this restaurant.  
One of the chefs kept tasting the food and then using the same spoon to put it on our plates! He continued to do so without hesitation. Why would they have an open kitchen if they knowingly taint each dish with spit! This is a huge sanitary no no. 
Not to mention, the food was completely overpriced for what it was. They seem to overload the dishes with garnish to hide the fact that the portions are small and overpriced. I had the scallops...meh.I found Supper by doing a Google search...sorry, Yelp, but I'm an out-of-towner.  Navigating a list of 4-star restaurants to pick THE 4-star restaurant is complicated.  I went with my boyfriend for his 30th birthday; he's really into farm-to-table food, and I found an article about the relationship between the restaurant and their affiliated farm.  I made the reservation.
It's a quaint place, almost like an elegant farmhouse.  We had drinks; I had some mixed thing in a difficult-to-maneuver martini glass, and he had a bourbon.  The server was very nice in helping us out, coming back multiple times as we worked our way through reading the menu and the wine list.  The server and the host remembered that it was my boyfriend's birthday, and even put a candle in his dessert.
The menu isn't too long, and everything has enough of a quirk to make it interesting.  With the exception of the duck and waffle dish, though, nothing stretches the imagination that much. However, I would highly recommend the deviled eggs for an appetizer.  I did look at Yelp to see the reviews and, despite the fact that I don't usually like deviled eggs, enough people recommended them that I ordered.  They were phenomenal.  Definitely invest in them.
Overall, I liked the place.  A few things nagged at me, though.  The owner was out in the restaurant during service in a t-shirt and shorts.  I paid quite a bit of money there; sure, it's not exactly Alinea, but it's nice enough that his attire needed to stay in the kitchen. (/snob) 
Second, and this is probably unfair, it wasn't exactly what I was picturing.  We have a place in Baltimore, Woodberry Kitchen, where the chef sources all of the food locally.  I had a Bloody Mary there once that used organic vodka, where the only thing made without regard to the environment was a beer.  That's my expectation when I go to one of these farm-to-table places; I want an obsessed chef overseeing everything.  It doesn't happen at this place. But, putting those unrealistic expectations aside, it was a great meal, one I would gladly repeat.I hadn't heard any friends' thoughts about Supper before going, but the menu itself was enough to get me really excited. The descriptions of unusual twists on classic dishes and southern influences are drool-worthy!
But when I finally went in for brunch, the place fell a bit flat, both relative to my expectations and relative to the prices. Don't get me started on the prices, a side of bacon is $8....
My dish was the scratch biscuit sandwich, which was pretty good. The sandwich, though complete with scrambled eggs and melted cheese, wasn't really warm at all, and the biscuit, while delicious, was too thick for the contents, making the whole thing a bit dry. However, I loved the pimento cheese, and the grits were delish, best grits I've had in the northeast.
My friend got the chorizo frittata and didn't really enjoy it - she thought it was too dry, and she couldn't taste the chorizo at all (that's the best part, man!).
The service was also middling. We could barely hear our server when she spoke, and she wasn't very personable. An example: my friend requested butter for her toast, and it took 15 minutes to get our server's attention. When she finally plunked down a little dish full of some sort of sweet potato butter substitute, she walked off without explaining the *bright orange* substance she had left in front of us, leaving us a bit baffled.
I agree with what someone else here said in their review - at least for brunch, wouldn't advise against it, but wouldn't recommend it.Wonderful place for brunch! Drinks were tasty, food was incredible (wake n' cake, Dutchman Benny, Dixie Biscuit and Bacon Babka were ordered at our table), and atmosphere was comfortable. Service was great too... Would come back in a heart beat!Brunch review:
I don't throw five star reviews around too often, but Supper's brunch definitely deserves it. Went with my brother and a friend and had the sort of meal where you're simultaneously eager for everyone to try your dish and selfishly hoarding it all. 
I typically order savory items at brunch, but switched it up and got the Dock Street Porter Pancakes, with candied apples, vanilla suds and housemade cracker jack. For some reason, when I read "cracker jack" I assumed it was some sort of cheese, and not, you know, what it literally is: the stuff they sing about at baseball games. The pancakes were fluffy, not-too-sweet, and when the main ingredients were all on one bite, delicious. 
My brother, who has more of a breakfast sweet tooth, ordered the red velvet waffles, which I noticed were a popular choice based on the spying on other tables I did. The waffles were a bit rich for me, though the cream cheese mousse was pretty badass. Our friend got the Supper Dog with the fried pickles. The pickles were awesome, the Supper Dog was good as far as hot dogs go (not a favorite dish of mine). 
I seriously can't wait to go back and try the dinner.Saw the piece The Cooking Channel did on their red velvet waffles.
It was delicious, and I was so glad I made the trip. My boyfriend had the frittata with bacon & chorizo. I think I liked his more than mine, but then again... You can never really go wrong with bacon on anything.
I will definitely be back to try the rest of their menu.First time here and it was brunch all the way - loved it. It was beautiful, classy, comfortable and not super crowded. 
Service was ok (attentive, but not very informed - couldn't tell me what a hush puppy was... anyone?), prices were ok but leaning towards the its-damn-good-this-is-tasty-because-my-eggs-are-$14. Ordered the Desayuno and it wasn't life changing but it did taste good. Now, the banana beignets with cinnamon and sugar were absolutely amazing and will get my butt back to the table many more times in the future.Here for brunch right now- not a great experience.
1) ordered maple butter biscuits for appetizer.   It's definitely normal butter with maple syrup drizzled on top.  Not very creative.  We were told later that they ran out and tried to improvise.  
2) fritatta- 1/5 stars.  Just not that good.  
3) lamb meatball hogie.  Over toasted, and mediocre.  And i'm not that picky, so it's really not that good.
4) banana french toast- only redeeming entree that saved this place from 1 star.
Also our waiter was just not good.  Asked for items and the check multiple times.  
Wouldnt return, there are better places in philly and south street also.Stopped in here for cocktails before dinner with my husband.   My husband had recently came home from a business trip from India and has been on a cardamom kick in his cocktails.. While there were some really fun cocktails on their list I asked the bartender if the chef had any cardamom pods in the kitchen.  While I really didn't want to be that person to ask for above and beyond service, the bartender without hesitation went into the kitchen and came back with the pods.  Great service at the bar!  Have been back twice since then just for the awesome service!! 
Cocktail
Gin martini with a crushed cardamom pod shaken....weird, but pretty tasty!OK. I had been dying to go back here ever since the Yelp event in the fall, and last night's crab latkes at the Cityspace party reminded me to come write a review. A few weeks ago, a couple friends from New York were in town and picked Supper for dinner, which was fine by us since it'd been on the list for awhile.
I was, sadly, underwhelmed. 
The goods: deviled eggs and the fingerlings! YUM. Sriracha deviled egg changed my life. SO GOOD. I would put sriracha on pretty much anything, though. Oh, and the pretzels. Basically any of the starter things.
We ordered a bunch of things, threw them in the middle of the table, and shared shared shared. Everything was delicious, but after a recent meal at Pumpkin, I'd expected this to live up to or surpass what my taste buds experienced that night, and it did not. 
I love the decor and the drinks are good. And one thing this place has going for it that will bring me back is the owner--he is so invested in his work and in creating the best atmosphere, best food, and best overall experience. He definitely listens to customers and came to our table to mingle. We talked music and food and NYC restaurants. He did get a quick jab in at Yelpers running to the internet to blab about their meals/experiences, but I'm going to pretend it was said lovingly. Some Yelpers can be really cruel. I don't think there is anything to be cruel about for Supper.Great food, great staff, owners are wonderful = must go!
The chef is doing some very innovative things - the menu is not huge but is well thought out with something for everyone. Our party of 4 particularly loved the appetizers (tamale fries, cheese board).we went to supper last night after many a moon of talking about going, and putting it off due to friends telling us it was costly. the wednesday night byob option definitely tipped the scales to get us to go. and overall i thought the whole meal was very nice. the decor is very cool, feels a little abbot kinney to me. the music was spot on and the hostess and waiter were very prompt and pleasant. off the bat i didn't see too many things i wanted to try, i'm a little anti-fish these days, and it seemed like there are a lot of fish options. we ended up getting the pretzels and the chicken wings to start and these were both my favorite things of the night. loved the green chile cheese dipping sauce. it a less fancy pants place, i probably would have drunk that after running out of pretzels. then, i had the scallops and my wife had the burger. the scallops were good, but the dish was a little underwhelming. the burger was destroyed by my wife, but i thought the brisket flavor was a little odd and i don't think it was loved by her. the fries were on point though and both of us were clean plate club members. thanks to the byob and my smallish appetite it was a reasonable night. but i could see how it could get costly any other night. it is a pretty good place though and i'm sure we'll go back, but probably not for a few moons.A Restaurant Week Review:
First thing I thought when I walked into Supper... "Cool."
The decor was very unique and suave. I don't think anyone would disagree on that. I couldn't stop looking around the place at all the awesome decor. Make sure to take a good look at the way cool "recycled" chandelier near the front door. Unfortunately the atmosphere was the more memorable part of the evening. Though rich in flavor, the food left a bit to be desired...
I started off with the Black Truffle Deviled Eggs. I was so disappointed! The flavor was just blah and boring; too much mustard. They also tasted like they were made yesterday. Had that sitting-out-for-a-while texture. I really think this was due to the "high demands" of restaurant week and the eggs were made in bulk at some point and refrigerated. But still. Then I tried my dinner mates Housemade Soft Pretzels with green chile-and-beer fondue. The pretzels were yummy. But the sauce just tasted like plain ol' nacho cheese. Guess I just expected too much...
For the "small plate" I ordered the Smoked Butternut Squash Soup with cinnamon marshmallow, apples and sage. YUM. After the 1st course I was kind of nervous for this one. But I certainly was pleasantly pleased with what came to me! Not only was the presentation awesome, the flavors and textures all worked so well together. Make sure to get the cinnamon marshmallow goodness off the side of the bowl and into each delightful spoonful!
As for my "large plate", I went with the Vinegar Braised Chicken with figs, smoked bacon, anson mills grits and brussels sprouts. When in doubt, go with the chicken. That's what my father always told me and I'm glad I followed his advice. The chicken was super moist and the braise was phenomenal. However it was a major bummer getting bites of cartilage in there... But attention grits fans! I'm sure these would be some of the best grits you've ever tried. Normally I hate grits; bland, gritty, nasty... Supper's grits were so creamy and flavorful. Definitely lots of butter :) The brussel sprouts weren't half bad either! (On a side note... I thought my dinner mates Pork Loin was WAY too salty)
Then came dessert and I got the Warm Apple Cobbler with biscuit topping and spiced whipped cream. I thought it was too bitter for my standards... And the whipped cream just tasted like fluffy milk. The best part was the biscuit. Monty Python would of been pleased...
Dessert menu changes:
It might of only been tonight, but the Olive Oil Sponge Cake wasn't on the menu. Instead they offered a "cookie plate" served with a chocolate egg cream. However they don't note anywhere that one of the cookies is peanut butter. So if you're allergic be careful!
Cocktails... B-/C+
My Mandarin cocktail was supper refreshing. But my friends London Lou tasted like pure alcohol.
As for service... A+
Our waiter was very friendly and efficient. Tried to crack a joke every now and then too.
Overall I don't think Supper is the best choice, food wise, for restaurant week. But if you're one of those people who love a way cool atmosphere and being able to enjoy a rather somewhat pricey restaurant for a "good deal" during restaurant week... then be my guest!Supper minus one p would describe the vibe of this place (that was corny, but pretend I am saying "super!" like big gay Al from South Park and it will make it better).  I would go as far to give it a five, but I went during restaurant week and I am not sure I ordered the best thing on the menu (it was like a crab cake, but made of chicken).  I will definitely go back and see if I can bump this place up one more star.
I went a few weeks back with my gf and parents.  Walked in and really liked how they have decorated, funky chandeliers, lots of wood, just my kind of place.  Food was well-prepared, service was solid, overall I walked out one happy pup.  I honestly feel like if you deliver a good ambiance, you are already like 75% of the way to making it a great meal.
I would recommend this place for a date, a bunch of friends, menu was even friendly enough for older kids to enjoy.  Suppertown is Buttertown.Went here for a work function and everyone got sick as a result.  The drinks were good but the food kept everyone in the bathroom for the next few days.supper may be slightly overrated on yelp... we went based on the reviews.  we weren't terribly disappointed, but didn't leave impressed.  i had the red velvet waffles and my husband had the dog. we also started with the deviled eggs which were interesting.  i think the only thing that i truly enjoyed was the Bellini.  wish i could rate it higher but i've almost forgotten supper already! :(Just a tad under 5 stars but I rounded up,  The bump to five is on behalf of James, who was our fun, excellent server for the evening.  
Just as an aside, the crowd was very diverse, from the leftover flower-children from the 60's, to the cool women sitting at the table next to us with legs fully exposed thanks to the stylish short skirts they were sporting, it was a fun atmosphere.
The decor was also cool and stylish, with touches such as beautiful wood floors, comfortable cushioned seating along the wall, and a hammered tin bar base.
For apps, I started with the chilled and creamy corn and coconut soup.  A divine, delicious combination of flavors served in a trough-like bowl, my dog that was large, without the coconut taking over the flavors, supplemented with a twirl of lime, shaved radish, chopped tomatillo, cilantro and lime dropped very presentably in the center of the dish.  This was enough for two and flavors enough to relish on your memory buds throughout the next day.  Damn good!!  And then the fresh picked daily herbs and greens from the Blue Elephant farm in Newtown Square served with apple slice, smoked chicken cracklings and cornbread was excellent in freshness, sweetness, and tenderness, a lovely salad.
My entree for the evening was a grilled berkshire pork chop with bbq baked butter beans, served with green tomato relish on top, accompanied by a pig's ear corn cake.  The combination of tastes were fantastic.  The pork chop was tender and juicy in some parts and a little dry in others, but a very good dish overall.
My partner in crime for the evening went out on a limb and ordered the crispy duck leg with pecan waffles.  Very sweet maple syrup attacked the tongue with the first few bites.  Once you got used to the sweetness, the dish was very creative and tasty.  But in our opinion this would have been better if a touch more savory than sweet as a dinner item, or maybe just excellent as a brunch option.
Against our better judgement and any attempt to curtail the cal intake, we ordered what turned out to be a 5 star "my mom's" sour cream coffee cake, with rhubarb sauce and a dollop of buttermilk ice cream.  This blew me away, so rich, and so decadent, but also light and not heavy at all.  Whoever created this dessert, I bow to you!Went here for dinner during a conference with 3 others from work and we all loved this place. The service was amazing. The food was delicious. The charcuterie platter, the deviled eggs, crabcake latke, carrot soup.....loved everything we sampled. Great atmosphere for a relaxing and thoroughly enjoyable dining experience.Burger was tasty but a bit too much meat (dare I say) causing it to be sort of dry.  Definitely liked the different dipping sauces for the burger but the fries could have stayed in the fryer a tad longer.  Our waitress, Katie, was an absolute pleasure though.Don't get me wrong, food was good but not worth the high prices Four of us went and all agreed there was just too much butter on everything which just overpowered the meal, sadly. 
I had the burger and it was good, side sauces were very tasty (esp the truffle mayo) and the side of potatoes were much better then fries. Though, not too far away is Dandelion which has a fantastic burger well worth the $20. 
Staff is great, place is very nice looking but it's hard to say "yes, it's worth your money" when each of our responses were so-so and there are some definite "Yes" spots in the area.My husband and I went to Supper with two friends for dinner over Memorial day weekend, (which may have contributed to the lovely quite and speed with which we were seated), and we had a very nice time.  The interior is charming and comfortable, the service was nice and attentive... maybe a little flaky, but it didn't impact our meal.  With the exception of my miserable coconut cream cake (which I was told was mostly cream, as I wanted, but really ended up being a super dry cake with a shmear of cream), the flavors of the food were terrific and inventive.  
The problem, as I had read before and stupidly ignored, was that you get so little food for your money.  I'm a tiny girl, and I left hungry.  My husband had the burger, which was the only thing that kept him from stopping for a cheesesteak on the weay home (incidently, he said it was the best burger he's ever had, which is saying something, b/c he's been around... burger slut ;)  I just really think that if you put a chicken and waffles spin-off on your menu, you have to deliver with the quantity people expect.  If I had wanted to eat light, I would have ordered fish.
I'd definitely recommend going at least once and see what you think.  Maybe you have a smaller appetite than I do.  Oh, and I've heard the brunch is incredible.  We will be going back to try that before I make my final decision.  
One more note -- the neighborhood of this place is listed as Washington Square West.  It's not -- it's South Street.  If you want to maintain the homey, comfy, relaxed feeling that Supper gives you, don't walk home, or at least walk north immediately.  Scary....Here's the deal -- its small plates, so you have to know that going in.  Each person has to have a starter, a first, and second small plate.  So don't expect a huge entree as your second dish (unless you order one of the 2 that are marketed as that).   So with that in mind...
...the cocktails were delicious and not too sweet, the flavors were excellent, the service was spot on.
The reason it doesn't get 5 stars is simply that nothing blew me away.  I mean, it was delicious and excellent, but still, it doesn't make the 5-star mark in my mind.Supper's brunch is sooooo good! Great bloody marys and mimosas.  Not too busy on a Sunday either.supper has been off of my radar for quite sometime.  i always meant to go but, honestly, i found the menu off-putting.  i get small plates.  i've been reluctant, however to spend entree prices ($14-$17) for small plates.  particularly when you need 2-3 small plates per person.
i recently learned about supper's byo wednesdays and sundays and that really tipped the scales in favor of trying this place out.
first off, i would give the service and interior 4+ stars.  the former was attentive and the latter was warm and cozy.
mr. h and i started off with the housemade soft pretzels with green chile beer fondue.  yummy!  the pretzels would be good on their own, but the fondue takes it to the next level.  creamy with a subtle kick from the chile.  perfect amount of heat.  you get about 4 pretzel nubs, if i remember correctly.
we also ordered the smoked chicken wings with birch beer, these were a solid choice; tender with a bit of crispiness on the outside.
i ordered the burger for my main -- the burger is 80/20 brisket which was a first for me.  i didn't love it.  i ordered medium well, and it might be better to go medium for this style of burger.  mine was a bit dry.  in addition, it didn't really hold together well.  the bacon and gruyere were tasty toppings.
the duck fat fries were tasty, albeit a bit salty for me.  if you read any of my reviews, you will know that i prefer a lighter hand when it comes to salt.
i can see going back to supper to try some of the other menu offerings.  you can't go wrong if you go on a sunday or a wenesday.I booked this place for restaurant week because I just wanted to see their upstairs which can be booked for private events. Plus, I heard the food was great, so I had to check it out.
Restaurant week usually tends to be hit or miss anywhere, but this time, it was a hit, a homerun.  Finding the right restaurant for RW is a skill... something I've tried to hone for the last 5 years or so.  It's a nice restaurant that I hadn't tried yet, and also their RW menu had some great options.  I made reservations for two, but the day of, they were super accommodating to change to 4 people.  
I cannot remember our servers name, but he was fabulous.  We were promptly seated upstairs (yippee) and I really liked their booth area that I shared with my friend.  It wasn't too low and fit well with the table (my pet peeve are booths that are too low and make you eat awkwardly at the table, while your date is hovering)... 
I digress... I started with the beet and fennel salad which had homemade ricotta, which I LOVED.  I know, I know... beets go awesomely with goat cheese, but this gal doesn't dig the goat cheese, so the ricotta was super enticing and did not disappoint.  My bf had the sweet potato soup which was really delicious and creamy.  My meal was the cream braised chicken over waffles, and it was pretty good. Not crazy awesome, but good. Typically a gluten free gal, I decided to make this night my gluten-full night, so their waffles and rolls were amazing (but I might be gluten-biased).  Although to be fair, the butter had sea salt on it and it was soooooooooooo good.  My friend had the cod, and that pretty good.  It was different and seemed a bit adventurous... I liked that.  The vegetarian risotta was great too - it was barley risotta so was really different in taste and texture and just good.  My bf cleaned the plate so quickly, so I wonder if the portions were okay, or if he was just that hungry or it was just that yummilicious. 
Dessert... oh hells yea.  The chocolate chip pie dough thing with buttermilk icecream... oh boy.  It was good.  Of course, the boy had to switch his up to mint chocolate chip and we were all secretly jealous we didn't come up with that first.  It even impressed the server that I think he wanted to get his facebook name. 
To sum it up: The food was great, all courses.  Service was great.  The wine was good. The gin cocktail they have on the list is so very wonderful!  I'd definitely go back. Yes yes yes.Supper is a wonderfully charming dining experience. My husband and I went there on a Friday during restaurant week and the place exceeded our expectations. The fall menu included pastrami fried chicken, coconut corn soup, a fresh chitlin salad, and a delicious encrusted sea bass entree. The ambiance was relaxed, nicely lit, and what we liked best, was the open view of the gorgeous kitchen. I highly recommend this place for a romantic evening for two, especially during restaurant week. These folks went all out.Supper has the feel of a locavore, farm-to-table restaurant, and I believe it is. They had what I believe was a harvest menu that gave you a 3-course vegetarian meal that sourced all of its ingredients from a local market that day.
Anyhow, the food emanating from the kitchen smelled great, and the serving sizes were pretty nice. The service was solid. The restaurant has two levels, and each level had its own bar.
To the food:
Appetizer: smoked chicken wings
Entrees: duck & waffles and lamb shank posole
Dessert: oatmeal raisin pie w/ brown butter ice cream
The smoked chicken wings were fantastic. Juicy wings w/ lots of flavor. 
I really liked the duck & waffles. According to the waiter, this is the restaurant's signature dish. The maple flavor in the sauce was a really nice touch.
The lamb shank was the weak link in the meal. It was still decent, but I have higher expectations for my meat shanks. I'd recommend passing and trying another dish.
The oatmeal raisin pie was a special for the night. I hope they make it a regular staple of the menu. It's like the one of the best oatmeal raisin cookies you've ever had morphed into pie form. And the brown butter ice cream was just perfect.
The smoked chicken wings and oatmeal raisin pie were my favorite parts of the meal. No question about it.
I definitely want to come back to Supper to try some of their other dishes and desserts. It is a bit pricier than most Philly restaurants, but I'd say it's worth it.Supper has a great atmosphere and the food is good, in general, and in line with pricing for moderately upscale pricing in Philly. The entrees are fancy versions of comfort food with a bit of a worldly influence ( I.e., poutine as a special). The main issue they come across is that sometimes food has too many favors and ends up being too done up for its own good. I'd highly recommend sticking to the burger, the Amish chicken, or the steak and avoiding the deviled eggs and the sweet potato soup. Though bot the most extensive cocktail menu, the drinks are very good despite somewhat expensive price tags, and the wine list is diverse. As for the service, it is a little slow at times and the hostesses can make you feel a little like they are doing you a favor by acknowledging your presence.  But , overall, the waitstaff is helpful and friendly and knowledgable, the food is good, the atmosphere is welcoming, and the drinks ate delicious!The experience at Supper is as generic as it's name. Supper is only okay. It's a pleasant, open space. I appreciate the adventuresome menus which they offer (for example fried pickles, deviled and beet eggs, a lot of traditional American food with a twist). Unfortunately it falls short in being over-fried, over-sweetened, over everything. The waitstaff are nice but don't seem to be interested in food or drink themselves. Not the level of investment I'm looking for in a restaurant of this price range.Went to Supper with a livingsocial brunch deal.
To start, we had the bacon babka and the farm greens and herb salad.  The babka was very sweet, with thick chewy bacon and coffee cake covered in syrup.  The salad was mixed greens with cornbread and a tangy mustard dressing.  Both were pretty good.  
We also had the banana bread french toast and the supper frittata (with chorizo and onion).  The banana bread french toast was very thick (about 2 inches), with a rich flavor.  Very decadent.  The frittata was a bit lacking for me.  It could have used a bit more spice, more something, maybe some spinach in there.  The sides of grits and potatoes that we got were very good.  The fried potatoes were crisp on the outside and super soft on the inside.  The grits were terrific, creamy and a perfect addition to eggs.
Overall, our service was good, with one exception.  At the end of our meal, one of the staff asked if we were finished, and we responded that we would like to box things up to take home (I just described a lot of food for two people).  He threw out our potatoes (half a plate).  Miscommunications happen, but we were sorry to not finish off those delicious potatoes.
I'd be very interested in tasting more of their menu.  Especially the duck & waffles, as well as anything that they serve with grits.  For this meal, I have been thinking about 3 or 4 stars.  We'll stick with 4 for now.My husband and I like to use Restaurant Week (RW) to visit restaurants we aren't familiar with, so we don't feel we've lost a lot of money if we don't like the meal. We've developed many favorites as a result of trying them during RW, but Supper, unfortunately, won't be one of them. 
When we tried the apps (deviled eggs and hush puppies) we thought the entire meal would be a disaster - my husband spent several years in the south when growing up, and he was appalled that the hush puppies were unpalatably dense and dry. We didn't finish the dish. And the eggs, which seem to be a signature dish, were meh. Not the quality one would consider a signature dish to be; signature dishes should wow - these underwhelmed. 
Our hopes were raised with the next course; the smoked sweet potato soup was extraordinary, as was the brussels sprouts dish. But the meal went downhill from there. The chicken breast stuffed with confit was weird and very dry, and the smoke flavor in the catfish cakes overwhelmed everything else in the dish. 
Desserts were no better. The "dark" chocolate pudding was rich and creamy, but alas, not dark at all, but merely tasted like milk chocolate. The pears in the pear "cobbler" were not quite tender, and the dish was, in fact, not a cobbler at all but rather a crisp. A cobbler is made with a biscuit topping. While the topping for this dish was quite delicious and crunchy, the dish was not a cobbler. My coffee arrived barely lukewarm, but the cup brought out to replace it when I complained was piping hot. Service was good, but that did nothing to make up for the disappointing meal. We are sad to say we will not be returning.I returned Friday night to Supper with some friends... I last went when they first opened.
Deviled Eggs - The combo was pretty good and interesting.  The darkness of the black truffle one was kind of creepy but it was pretty tasty.  We loved the crab one with old bay best.  We also had a BBQ pork and sriracha kind of hot sauce ones.
Cheddar & Sage Puffs - These were disappointing for me. The cheese was thick in an unplesant way and they were very heavy for such small bites.
Scallops entree - They were cooked to perfection with parsnips and brussel sprouts.  I didnt, however, love the too-sweet sauce that came with it.
Pork Belly entree - This was tender and flavorful with collard greens and hush puppies (I love them!).
Duck-fat potatoes - How could these be not delicious?  The aioli with it was also divine.
Our friends had the roasted chicken and halibut and loved both.  The drinks were well-made and generous which we always appreciate when they are $8-$12 a pop.  
I'd go back but not really soon.
Service was great and I do love the atmosphere there. Like a warm, friendly "supper" place :) haha.The food at Supper was fabuloso! The food is small plate-ish and seasonal. Four of us shared a whole suite of plates, and all of them were great. My favorites were the, the vinegar chicken and grits, pork belly, and the short ribs! The marrow appetizer was a large portion of marrow and the deviled eggs were fun, but a little spendy for well, deviled eggs (methinks). The service was a good balance of letting us catch up with our friends, and making sure we had what we needed. AND they remembered from an open table note that it was our friend's wedding anniversary and sent out a dessert with a chocolate "Happy Anniversary" on it. All in all, a great restaurant, and I would totally go back there if I was back in town!I've been wanting to go to Supper since I passed up on their deviled eggs and Slyfox happy hour. Maybe that wasn't the best choice, but it was great to get to visit for a whole meal. Supper is located on South Street, which is an odd location for this nice restaurant. I doubt their really getting any walking by traffic because of their location.
Despite the location, the atmosphere here is great. I've read that they're going for an "urban farmhouse" feeling, and it's easy to see that aim with the decor. Supper also features an open kitchen, which is a treat if you're dining downstairs, but be prepared to have a louder and more hectic dinner. There's also a nice upstairs dining area with a bar, but average beer selection with NYC prices make beer hardly worth it. Sadly, I didn't find a single beer that justified the price they were asking, but my sampling of my sisters' cocktails were delicious. These drinks are mixed well and aren't weak, either.
Supper's menu consists almost entirely of small plates. The recommendation is for each person to order three courses; an hor'dourves with a first and second course. I was out with my two sisters; Laura and Betsy, along with her boyfriend Chris. We were all getting along pretty well, so we abandoned the traditional, boring dining style here and ordered a whole mess of plates to share. The result? Awesome.
We started with a cheese plate, which had six different domestic cheese that varied in style. Even the worst one good, and the best one, well, maybe the best cheese I've ever had. (I may have been sold even before I tried it when our server hinted at a beer aftertaste). The portions of the cheese plate were enough for the four of us to sample everything a few times, which is a nice change from overpriced microscopic dollops of cheese found in too many other restaurants.
The rest of our appetizers consisted of deviled eggs, which are rightly so one of Supper's trademarks. Four different eggs are served up: paprika, sirachi, truffle, and crab. It seems that there's a lot of different eggs, it just depends on the night. Another appetizer that everyone seems to be crazy about are the duck fat fingerling potatoes. Laura liked them a lot, I just thought they were fine. To round out the appetizers we had excellent crab cakes.
We were served a chilled corn soup next. As a rule, I'm against chilled soups, but Chris went ahead and ordered it, and I'm glad he did. This soup was excellent, and has given all chilled soups a second chance in my book. We all continued sharing with the Pan Roasted Sea Scallops, Moroccan Grilled Lamb Ribs, and Spice Crusted Tuna. I don't want to go into detail about every single dish, but the order I mentioned them is the order that I liked them most to least. Everything was good, but the scallops were just the best.
Lastly, we finished up the meal with one of the big plates which included: Beer braised belly w/ peach & kale, smoked loin w/ warm potato salad, grilled housemade brat w/ picalilli & crispy pigskin slaw. These things were good, but I don't recommend the big plates here. I think lost of small apps and firsts are great for the whole party.
The price here can vary greatly depending on how much you want to sample and how hungry you are. Still, there's no way around it, Supper is not cheap. At these prices, I'm glad I was sharing a table with some of my favorite people in the world.
Bottom Line: This place serves up great food. While it might not be in your budget, restaurant week is around the corner and this would be an excellent spot. Drink somewhere else, eat here. Plan dinner with the online menu.Supper is one of those fancy brunch places, where the prices are high, the menu is limited and the food doesn't measure up.  First we were told that there were no frittatas, why?  All of their frittata pans were being used by other patrons...  As if this was their first week in business?!?!  Three of us at the table ordered burgers, not one of the burgers were cooked to the correct temperature.   Another one of us ordered eggs over medium which came out over easy and to top it off Mimosas are overpriced at $9.Supper is FANTASTIC!  Great ambiance with even better food.  I love when you can take a glimpse into the kitchen and see people who are clearly passionate about food and presentation.  We ordered a selection of items from all of the categories on the menu and most were out of the ballpark.  We ordered the Farmhouse Platter which was a little too adventurous for me.  That is the only thing that was slightly iffy for me.  To much pate' type items and super strong cheese.  I like my charcuterie plates a little mellower.  But if you are an explorer have at it.  I am so glad we went and mad at myself for waiting so long!Supper has quickly become one of my favorite restaurants in the city. The food is always creative and well-executed, and the service is exemplary. Of the many dishes I have tried here, a few definitely stand out:
Housemade Soft Pretzels - The fondue makes it. I could dip everything I own in this sauce, and it would be edible. 
Carrot and Orange Soup - Marshmallow in the soup? Of Course! Marshmallow in the soup! Marshmallow should be in everything. 
Boston Bibb and Herb Salad - It's really hard for me to not get this salad when I go to Supper. It's basically perfect. Basically. 
Supper Burger - "Hot Mess". Delicious, messy, sexy, huge, and definitely requires a fork and knife to maintain one's daintiness. 
Peach Upside-Down Cake with Sweet Corn Ice Cream - Look, if you don't try this, you're seriously messing up. I would eat this every damned day.I live a block away, so I'm rooting for Supper.  That said, I think its wait and bar service is superior to its food.  I've been to the restaurant 6-8 times over the last year and only a couple of times I was impressed with anything I ate.  I liked almost everything I drank and I liked our servers/bartenders every time.  Twice, I went with a vegetarian friend and though they were accommodating, it was clear that they were not comfortable modifying menu items.  Also, the veg pasta they have is consistently undercooked.  (Yes, I do know all about al dente; this ain't it).Fantastic dinner tonight at Supper! Truly a gem.  Great atmosphere, fantastic food, and warm, friendly service.  A favorite!Fantastic staff, hated the dining room and was "so so" on the food. The quality of ingredients was clearly high however the menu itself didn't do it for me.I've heard good things about Supper and was excited to drop by for brunch.  I was let down.  The food was mostly good, but the service was sub-par.
The initial greetings from the hostess was nonexistent, her attitude was far from friendly.  Our waiter acted like it was his first day on the job (maybe it was?) - we encountered several awkward moments with him while ordering and in between each dish.   Oh well, we're all awkward in one way or the other I guess.
I had the hoboken benny with two fried eggs, taylor ham, smoked mozz, garlic pizza knots, oregano hollandaise and tomato jam.  This was quite good. Although I could have done without the tomato jam, which stuck out - flavor wise - like a sore thumb.  I had a bite of the supper dog - pork shoulder wrapped in bacon, deep fried and served with onions, beer mustard and fried pickles.  I'm not a big fan of mustard, but I thought it went well on the supper dog.  Certainly not the choice to make if you're looking for something healthy!  Luckily, both of us were in the mood to indulge. 
For dessert, we wrapped it up with the housemade piña colada doughnuts with toasted coconut and the chocolate mud pie with chocolate chip ice cream.  The doughnuts were super light yet tasty.  The mud pie was super heavy and yet tasty.  The scoop of chocolate chip ice cream was tiny in comparison to the slice of pie, so make sure you get your share of the ice cream before your brunch mate takes it all!
Tip - if you're coming around the afternoon, make sure you don't sit in the front corner of the restaurant.  The sun will hit you in the eyes like there's no tomorrow.  Alternatively, bring a pair of shades.My boyfriend and I bought a livingsocial deal for the 4 course chef's tasting menu and were really excited to try out the restaurant for the first time. My dark and stormy was awesome and overall the alcoholic beverages were great. The food on the other hand was really sub-par, especially for a place with such great yelp reviews - disappointing. 
We started with the deviled eggs and smoked chicken wings. The eggs were bland. The chicken wings were possibly the best part of the meal and they were nothing to brag about. The farms greens salad came with overly fried hush puppies and the chicken cracklins in the salad were soaked in oil - this may have been tastier if they were actually warm. The sweet potato soup was too cold and seemed flavorless as well. The shrimp and grits came with a sauce that was too acrid and the dish was overall too salty. I I know this is southern cooking but I would taste salt sprinkles in each bite. The pastrami chicken and grits was definitely the tastier of the two entrees we ordered so I would recommend going with that. As for dessert we had the olive oil cake and the 7 layer pie - both of which were actually very tasty and only barely helped make up for a lackluster dining experience overall. I wonder if the brunch is any different, but I do recommend against the chef's tasting menu.I tried Supper during restaurant week and came away with mixed feelings. It wasn't that it was bad, everything I had was good, it was just that the portions were tiny. Perhaps I can blame restaurant week for this, but if the portion size is the same for the regular menu, I would leave very disappointed.Went again, this time with a large party of 10 to celebrate a friend's birthday.
Boy oh boy, did we have fun and we LovedLovedLoved our dinner at supper.
We had a table upstairs and the staff did a great job handling a large (and loud) party with people ordering different types of courses/meals and two arriving very late.
I really can't say enough about Supper- it is one of my favorites in the city, if only it was a BYO!My fellow lady coworkers and I kicked off a monthly ritual (or so we say) of grabbing brunch together one Sunday a month. To forget about the "shop" talk for a few hours and get down to what really matters - Food & Life (Outside of work - Cause it does exist!)
Any who's we have a couple of preggers in the mix so we wanted to keep it simple, delicious and American - Supper was the pick! I've been meaning to try this restaurant ever since it opened a few years ago but moved up to the Fairmount area and never looked back .. Until now that is. Disappointed I was not. 
3 out of the 7 of us actually made it to the table that Sunday afternoon. Place was spotless, roomy and inviting. I indulged in several cups of joe (nursing hangover- waiter never left my cup empty!)and the Supper Frittata. As usual, I could not make up my mind about what type of fillings I wanted in my Frittata so I consulted the waiter for his favorites & I went for it!! Queso Fresco and Housemade Chorizo with a side of delish hashbrowns and fresh toast. 
Perfect afternoon date with my lady friends ....Outside of our company's walls! I will definitely be back to Supper.Eh. Disappointing. Went for brunch on my husband and I's anniversary. I got waffles and they were cold and OK.  Underwhelming and not the special occasion brunch I was hoping for. We had a reservation and we were on time but had to wait 20 min and they were not busy at all... Odd.I was in town for work and went to Supper for dinner.....or supper....I suppose.  :)  Started out with the Deviled Eggs.  They were good.  Very unique take on deviled eggs.  EAch one is different.....you get 4 halves of an egg.  Also had the Carrot and Orange soup.  It was delicious and very filling.  Would definitely order that again.  For my main course I went with the Duck and Waffles.  Sooo good.  Just the right amount of sweetness.  Get ready to spend some cash....but overall it was an excellent meal so I can't complain too much.  I left very full and satisfied with everything.Delicious, inviting, modern-american, urban farmhouse chic. I think that this describes the decor, food and experience at Supper.
If the dinner prices make you flinch, but you want to experience Supper, definitely check out brunch. While pricier for a brunch spot (expect to pay about $15-20 for brunch per person before tip or more if you get something super fancy), it's still a fairly affordable way to experience Supper. And on a morning that you don't feel like waiting for a brunch seat, there is generally no wait so sometimes the $10-$15 brunch premium may feel worthwhile. 
As for dinner, Supper knows how to do vegetables well and I tend to stick with the most vegetable-centric dishes on the menu. There is often a variation on squash soup with marshmallow cream on the menu that I can never ever pass up. 
The service is always incredibly polite and accommodating. A favorite restaurant of my sister's, they were incredibly accommodating of helping our family arrange a pre-planned take out order for a surprise/ special event and couldn't have been nicer about the whole affair!
While I adore Philadelphia as a restaurant town and try to use special occasions as an excuse to try out different "sometimes" places, I can't help but repeat visits to Supper!I will admit I was excited to eat here. We had reservation with friends to go a year ago and had to cxl. It took a year to get back so we were primed to go. I mean duck and waffles! Who wouldn't be excited, right? So there we were ready to eat and #%^! it wasn't on the menu. Major bummer. Still there could be a reasonable answer... when we ask our absent waiter why, on one of the few occasions he dained to stop by our table, we were told, believe it or not, this menu was left over from last night's Valentine's Day menu. I'm sorry, did we come out in sub zero weather to pay $240.00 for left overs!!!!  I think not.
To add insult to injury the service and the food overall were mediocre at best. It was like going to a movie that showed all the best parts in the preview and failed to live up to the hype.
I won't say don't go but I certainly won't recommend it.An awesome restaurant with a southern chic feel to it. I had the duck and waffles as my entree. The duck, made in a sweet sauce, was fantastic. My wife had the house made vegetable risotto which was probably the best risotto we have ever tried. The cocktail menu is crafted by those that run Franklin Investment and Mortgage. All this while listening to great southern blues in the background. Awesome place!Awesome food, drinks, and service in a very nice space.  The deviled eggs, which I take it are a specialty, were tasty and presented very well.  I'm usually not a deviled egg fan but these were very good - one buffalo, one smoked salmon (the best), etc.  Both the pork shoulder and the cornmeal crusted catfish entrees were great too.  But the pecan pie is what made me come home and take out the laptop.  All too often at restaurants like this desert is a let down, but not at Supper.  The pecan pie was amazing, can't-wait-to-go-back-and-hope-they-have-it-again amazing. 
I have to say I don't understand some of the negative reviews. If you're looking for Michelin star quality I suppose you won't be satisfied.  I thought Supper was great all around, and can't wait to go back.The food here is really good.  We went to one of their Sunday night prix fixe 3 course meals.  Food was really fresh and tasty.  We didn't know that Sunday was BYOB but they have 2 bottles 1/2 price on Sunday as well, so it wasn't a bad deal.  $38 for three great courses wasn't a bad deal.  We hope to go back soon and try their regular menu.  All in all, highly recommended.   
Also, the chef came out to say hi and he was really friendly.  Nice staff in general.  We sat upstairs which was homey and comfortable.Wow!  What an amazing dinner!  My girlfriend and I decided we'd try this place out after almost going there about a dozen times.  We sure are glad we did!  We had a reservation but I'm honestly not sure we needed it.  There were a few empty tables at 8 o'clock which was somewhat surprising.  The place is also a little larger than I imagined it would be but the ambiance was nice.  The food was on another level though!  The cheeseboard was well balanced, well presented, and delicious.  The striped bass and scallop small plates were incredible.  The porchetta special was also solid.  I was somewhat disappointed in the "duck fat fingerlings" which came highly recommended and weren't anything spectacular.  Also, the wine list is small (but complete) and somewhat pricey.  We still ordered a bottle and enjoyed it.  The only thing that rivaled the quality of the food was the quality of the service.  Our server had an amazing command of the menu (including the cheeses) and made sound (and honest) recommendations.  This place was a great experience and we'll be back...soon.The dessert alone is worth it.  The warm fig with almond cake with a brown butter pomegranate sauce, and Turkish coffee ice cream.  The flavors danced in my mouth and was absolute perfection.
Supper at Supper on the other hand was so-so.  The pierogi appetizer was too crispy and lacked flavor.  The burger, though tasty, fell apart.   The halibut was dry and the parsnips from the side were undercooked.  The presentation was exquisite, and I deeply admire their efforts to use local foods.
The restaurant itself was beautiful; the main chandelier a piece of art.  The service was excellent.   I would go back - I live by the rule of try everything twice.
Kudos to the pastry chef, Justin Relkin.
Oh, and the local Blue Coat Gin martini was perfect.This restaurant looks so warm and cozy from outside. And it is! Very cute ambiance and dishes are pretty good. I thought it is so cute that they give you little present like small jam when you are leaving.Hubby and I have been known to rock some early bird specials, not gonna lie, but when the tummy's a-rumblin'... It actually served us well in this case when we stumbled, starving, into Supper on a Saturday (how ya' like them illiterations). We were the only ones in there for a while; it was a nice bright, warm space to relax and watch people go by on South Street. 
We got the pretzel bites app, which was a cute idea but I don't think was really necessary or worth the $5. I would've been perfectly happy with the homemade complimentary sourdour roasted garlic bread. My entree was yummy; roasted chicken with spinach, grilled watermelon, polenta, and a gravy that I wanted to lick off the plate. Hubby liked the Supper burger as well. 
Too much $ to go often, but since they rotate a seasonal menu I'm keeping an eye out for more tempting menu items to come.I've had my share of visits to Supper, most times for a drink after dining elsewhere in the Queen Village neighborhood.  The bartender on most nights, Kyle, makes an excellent cocktail.  He recently saved some young ladies from being trampled in first-day-of-Spring "flash riot," as detailed in a Daily News article.  Kyle is a great guy, and a good reason why you should visit Supper.
The food at Supper is also quite good.  I especially like the burger and their smoked chicken wings.  I've had various other starters here.  The "eggs of the day" is an interesting choice.  Supper is also a nice spot for Sunday brunch.  For my part I have had their Eggs Benedict and the frittata, which were both good.  They do an all-you-can-eat cereal offering with all your childhood favorites in case you are ten, or in college, or just into that sort of thing.  The French press coffee is a nice extra, last time I had brunch I left on a rocket ship after drinking way too much of it.
The interior of Supper has a warm feel.  The bar is modern and classy with most folks sipping cocktails.  They formerly served a spicy popcorn as a free bar snack - not sure what happened to that.  Supper is easy on the eyes.  Lots of wood, exposed beams and industrial pipes, it's just cool.  The silverware and other-metal-junk modern art chandelier really brings it all together.  You'll know when you see it.
My biggest gripe with Supper is the prices.  $11 dollars for any of their brunch drink offerings is downright oppressive, and for that reason I'll go elsewhere for bunch.  The beers and cocktails (while good) are Old City expensive, and the beer only comes in bottles.  But the pricey menu does not seem to hurt their business very much.  Each time I visit they are busy, both in the dining space and at the bar.  They also have a large upstairs dining area but this is mostly reserved for private parties, and to my knowledge not used on most nights.  
If the neighborhood folks want to pay these prices that's great, I like the place too, and the staff is very friendly (Kyle in particular), so please continue to support Supper.  But in my opinion, Supper takes itself a little too seriously which is reflected in the cost of the drinks (especially), and also the food.  Put in a few taps and drop the prices a bit, and Supper is a four star spot for sure.As a great dining experience should be from beginning where you are seated to when you pay for the meal. This wasn't the case at Supper. Reservations were made for 12:45 for a party of 7 I was the first to show up so it was understandable the host could not seat me. As the rest of my party arrives (now a total of 3) we asked if we could be seated because the front of the house was getting really crowded with people coming in trying to get a table to have lunch. 20 minutes later the hostess decides to seat us because of the crowded area but 2 of the people in our party cancelled so the total number goes to 5 and we told the hostess she rolled her eyes and told us to wait. We waited another 10 minutes. Very unprofessional on her part.Brunch at Supper - and why not.  The offerings here are uniformly interesting, delicious, and often oh-so-decadent.
The freshly brewed Stumptown coffee put everyone in a fine mood.  The various plates,  from the creole smothered short ribs with creamy grits and eggs to the blue corn mango pancakes, spread contentment (and stomachs).  I especially liked the skillet roasted mushroom toast with fried egg and goat cheese gratinate, the mushrooms bathing in a wonderful earthy gravy.  On the decadent side were the banana cream pie French toast and the red velvet waffles with molasses bourbon cherries - Woohoo indeed.
One disappointment:  a stale and uninteresting "scratch" biscuit that even the accompanying molasses butter could not save.  Should have thought like Homer and ordered the lemon meringue doughnuts!a perfect meal. you cant miss on this menu.  the owners believe in their restaurant and it shows.  local, fresh, responsible, elegant.  it should be packed every night and i hope everyone finds out about this place even if it means i'll have to wait for a table. but they take reservations so you're good to go! and you should!i find that this whole "family style small plates" thing is taking over the restaurant world. or maybe it's just me because i'm inherently drawn to the idea and therefore try lots of places with this type of menu. i think i like the idea sampling a lot of foods at once from a restaurant. nevertheless, i still think that spanish tapas are the best when it comes to this idea. american food done in small plates just isn't quite as good. for that reason, i am giving this 4 stars and not 5. all the food i had was really really tasty but it wasn't really the type of food that needed to be served that way. i felt like i was on top chef or something getting all the little tasting plates. and sometimes i'd prefer just eating my entire duck dish because the half a piece of ate was so damned tasty. but hands down my favorite dish of the night was the carrot and tangerine soup with coconut marshmallow and mint. oh MY it was so good.I tried this place for brunch a few weeks ago when Morning Glory had their standard 30 person wait. This place was above and beyond my expectations. I had a seasonal French toast dish - super good - and my friend got an incredible burger and fries cooked in duck oil. The dinner menu looks really good too. It's a little expensive but you're getting what you pay for. It was dead for brunch when I went so I'm guessing the location isn't helping them much, or maybe people don't know they offer brunch. Either way, it's worth a visit and I'll definitely be back.So I thought I would take a look at this place I have heard so many people taking about, and judge for myself.
First of all the location. Hmm after just recently moving back to Philly after many years, I was pleasantly surprised that South Street has changed this much.  The location is not bad.  I almost missed it on my way there though, but that part of south is not too congested and not too seedy either.  And then again there is Whole Foods next door!!
So the decor inside was very well done, the bar was very attractive and it was nice to see a sort of designated spot for take outs which was separate from eye sight of the dining area.  The kitchen was in view which gives it that personal touch.  Tables were minimally decorated in a tasteful presentation which was understated in a good way.  
On my visit there were three others in my group.  The wine selection and cocktails were as to be expected...good. The beer list could have been a little better but then again I had my Chimay so it was all good.
The menu was very interesting.  A lot of things that you might not have thought of , or knew about, worked. Like what the hell are boneless moroccan chicken wings?  Goodness , thats what they are.  Of the appetizers we had, the moroccan chicken wings and the cauliflower artichoke fritters, were my favs. 
The small plates were decent sized. We ordered a few dishes to share between the 4 of us.  About 9 dishes in total.  
Stand out dishes were the sea scallops, excellently done and very flavorful, with a great presentation.  Then there was the charcuterie, which was a plate of different meats, thinly sliced. Ranging from ham, duck, and chorizo which was 'da bomb.'  The chorizo was very smokey and flavorful, just how its supposed to be.
But the Pice de rsistance for me had to be the Berkshire pork belly.  Oh my God. First of all I love me some pork. The first bite put a smile on my face.  It was divine.  The pork melted in your mouth creating a masterful tasty exciting experience on each bite.  They must have cooked it for hours, for it to come out so well done. Props to them!!
Dessert was my least fav,  I had a rice pudding which was very lacking.  I could find better rice puddings at any local indian restaurant, so that was a let down.
Service was excellent, our waiting staff was present and attentive but not obtrusive and allowed for a nice experience.
I will say, there will be many return trips to this taste bud tickler.I was so underwhelmed and disappointed. I expected to be wowed by supper.
The decor is is very nice.
Service is average. Sorta.
Deviled eggs were okay. But overpriced. 4 eggs for $8. Not that good.
Rabbit pot pie- mostly veggies and a very small portion. Bland. What rabbit?
Duck and waffles, their signature dish, ehhhh. It was good but just okay.
Burger was not very good. The meat was cooked, dense, and bland. Bread was very dense as well. Potatoes wedges were...potatoes wedges. The trio of sauces was a joke. Medium rare means medium well I guess.
I actually liked the complimentary bread! With the honey butter. Mmm 
Just expected more. And everything was overpriced for what it is.
Okay place but not dying to come back.After reviewing different restaurant week menus, I decided to go to Supper with my brother.  I was very impressed.  Everything I ate was delicious and the service was wonderful.  We ordered  the pretzel and the truffled deviled eggs hors d'oeuvres.  Both of us really enjoyed both, but especially the deviled eggs.  My brother really enjoyed the butternut squash soup, but it wasn't as sweet as I thought it would be.  I loved the pasta dish, everything tasted really fresh.  We both got the striped bass, which was peppery in a good way and went well with the spinach and other vegetables.  The banana bread pudding was incredible.  We would definitely go back!I had the most amazing brunch at Supper. I wasn't really sure what to expect, but everything was perfect.
I ordered the Skillet Mushroom Toast: the toast was thick and crisp on the edges, with goat cheese gratinate between the fried egg on top. So amazing, and the portion was just right. It even comes in a tiny skillet. Note, this dish isn't ideal for those with a huge appetite.
Can't wait to get back. Oh Philly, you have the best brunch spots.Supper comes highly recommended! 
My friend and I traveled from the suburbs when we heard that the brunch menu included things like red velvet waffles and banana cream pancakes. 
Brunch ended at 3:00PM. We rushed to get there. Unfortunately we were "those" people who arrived at 2:58PM. We asked the hostess if we made it in time for brunch, and the hostess reluctantly asked the chef. The chef agreed to serve us, thank goodness! 
Our waiter was very pleasant, chitchatted with us, etc. My friend ordered the supper benny, I ordered the red velvet waffles. They were to die for. Red velvet waffles, drizzled with sweet cream icing, topped with walnuts and bourbon cherries.
Overall, good environment, creative menu options, and a friendly, clean atmosphere.Supper, how many times can I visit and want to stay all night? If only my wallet would allow me to do so? My husband I went here last night for happy hour drinks and snacks. I am always so pleased with the ambience and staff. Last night was no different! I had a few glasses of wine (leading me to nosh the bacon popcorn provided at the bar) and also had the deviled eggs and soft pretzel apps. Supper always pleases - it is also wonderful for a cozy dinner!I went for brunch recently, and I was disappointed by my meal.
I ordered the supper benny: poached eggs on grits cakes with country ham, sautéed greens and mustard hollandaise.
My gripes are fairly simple. The poached eggs had runny/watery egg whites (which I understand can happen from time to time...). And rather than country ham, the dish was served with prosciutto. Problem is, I really dislike prosciutto. Why not tell about the substitution? It's an obvious substitution, not like diners won't notice when they get the food.
I guess I just expected more, especially for a $15 egg dish!I was so excited about Supper. I had been wanting to go here for well over a year and never got around to it. I finally got a couple of friends to go to their vaunted brunch.
A declared French toast fiend/snob, I was dying to try their key lime French toast, especially after the waitress described the dish as being soaked, (as french toast should be and never is), instead of quickly dipped, in egg and then crunchy on the outside. My skeptical friend opted for the cornmeal johnnycakes with berries and vanilla butter, mostly because they were $13 (!) and he couldn't believe they'd be worth that. My other friend ordered the carrot and orange soup with marshmallow and the crispy banana beignets. 
The johnnycakes were no $13 johnnycakes. You get 3. Three. For $13. And they're about 4 inches across. Now, the portion would even be fine if they were the best pancakes ever or even top three. I took a bite. It had maybe a slight cornmeal texture, a couple of berries nestled in the batter, and a good slather of vanilla butter. Almost flavorless, with an inauspicious texture. It took three bites for my friend to send it back. His bacon was quite good, with good marbling and texture. 
My French toast was meh. The best part was the key lime cream. It was sort of moist inside but the graham cracker dredging was more graham cracker dust and certainly not crunchy. The lime cream was the only strong flavor in the dish. Heavy and barely satisfying. 
The soup was the best part of the meal. Very nice balance of sweet and savory. The beignets were pretty good too, nice and crispy. 
What a disappointment. Underwhelming and overpriced. 
The atmosphere was lovely, the service was good, and they took the returned pancakes off the check without question and of course offered to make something else, he just decided he was fine.  Oh well. I prefer Continental's brunch on 17th and chestnut. Lobster Mac n cheese and tiramisu waffles any day.This place is fine and good at what it does - upscale, farm-to-table type (not sure if this place is really farm to table??) dishes. It has a great happy hour and a friendly staff. The place is still around after this many years, so they must be doing something right. It's a place I would bring my parents (or in-laws) for a nice sit down dinner.I love this place.  
I came here twice for the happy hour.  The first time we sat outdoors and had some of the appetizers, the second indoors solely for the drinks.  I honestly love the decor within the restaurant.  We sat at the bar and had a few drinks just the other day, the service was great, and the people working were friendly.really nice atomsphere, inventive menu that can still get a little crazy for some. good for a small group, and def. for the ladies looking to catch up.
the bar upstairs is ok so grab a table downstairs if need be. Right on south st - well situated.  Parking garage right there at whole foods.This is a cute place to go for brunch.  I was here this past weekend and had a frittata with chorizo and cheddar.  But I must say the beninis and mimosas were my favorite part of the meal (does that make me a lush? hmm).  It's a little pricey for the portion you get, but you can tell the quality of the food was great - they use very fresh ingredients and herbs.I came here for brunch on a Sunday expecting the place to be mobbed. I think there were only 4 other people in the whole place. The hostess, or whatever he was, asked us how many and walked away. Never saw him again. Our party was obsessed with calling the place "Superrrrr" to our waitress, prob a little too hungover/delirious. They seemed to find us humorous though. 
I ordered the supper burger club, medium. I had to send it back to be cooked more because it was totally raw. Once I wasn't scared to bite into it, oh my. Seriously amazing.  All of my friends meals looked great as well. 
Such a great find!I've eaten dinner at Supper three times, brunch once, and been several times for happy hour. The brunch left a little to be desired, with slightly bland food that wasn't quite right. All three dinners have been great, with excellent service and fresh, fun menu items.
Happy hour used to be the best in the city, with a beer and wine special as well as half-price appetizers. The menu has now been changed to 3 apps for $10, and doesn't even include all the regular menu items. It's still a good deal, considering the full menu prices, but I wish they had kept it going the way it was. The drinks are great though, and the service really is fantastic.
Overall, definitely recommend Supper as a fun place for dinner with family or friends. I will be coming back for more!We had a wonderful dinner here last night.  Started with the pickled veggy tray, and both the cucumbers and bean dip were excellent.  Main courses were standouts - my shortrib was wonderfully tender, tasty (sweet/tangy) accompanied by delicious beets.  The people who had the duck and waffles were very very happy and the burger was a big hit - it's a different tasting ground beef than you expect, but really good.  The service was excellent - helpful, prompt, attentive without being doting - and the space is comfortable, simply decorated with a gorgeous view of the open kitchen and bar serving as integral parts of the dining room.  I will most definitely be back.There are so many things that I want to love about this place, but they never all seem to fall in line. I will definitely say I like it a lot more for brunch than I did when I went for dinner. There always seems to be great choices on the menu, but for me they just didnt execute them the way I wish they would have. We had a gilt city gift certificate for the tasting menu, so we were able to choose one item from each from each area of the menu in addition to dessert. We started with a couple of cocktails, the Mad About Saffron and the and Brooklyn Roads. Both were awesome, the Mad About Saffron had gin, homemade apricot saffron ginger marmalade, fresh lemon juice, simple syrup, cider and the Brooklyn Roads had rye whiskey, maraschino liqueur, lillet, orange bitters. We were off to a good start, and we ordered the smoked wings, fried pickles, heirloom tomato gazpacho, heirloom tomato and watermelon salad, shrimp and grits and duck and waffles.
As the food starting coming out, things things started to become hit or miss. Our service was great. He wasnt the most attentive guy I have ever had, but he was good. The wings and the pickles came out first. The wings failed miserably, but the fried pickles were decent. The wings were smoked nicely, but the glaze was really offputting. They were cloyingly sweet, and the sauce was too bitter. The touch of hot sauce on it was nice, but not nearly enough to jazz up the wings. I prefer fried pickle chips as opposed to spears, but these were actually really good. They came with a pimento cheese underneath that was creamy and just enough spicy to round out the taste nicely. 
Next up were the gazpacho and the the salad both made with heirloom tomatoes, and both needed some improvements. The gazpacho was my preference of the two, even though the goat cheese flavor overpowered the delicate tomato flavor. The salad just wasnt very good. Everything was really bitter, and while the tomatoes were beautiful and delicious, everything just didnt seem to work together in the salad.
The main courses fared a little bit better. The shrimp and grits was flavorful and rich as I have come to know it to be. The sauce was sweet and spicy, very flavorful. The grits were a little clumpy, but overall not bad. The duck and waffles was both good and bad. The flavor of the duck confit was delicious. It was super tender and moist. I had to pull the rubbery exterior skin off though. I would have preferred it to be crispy, but maybe thats just me. The waffles were very good. They were savory, nothing like waffles you got for breakfast. I didnt get much sage though.
Dessert was a complete fail for me. The cobbler I had was so completely overpowered by the goat cheese ice cream that I could pretty much taste nothing else. It didn't complement the fruit well at all. The chocolate cookie plate my fiancé had was very lackluster as well.
I'll be back for brunch, but I'll go elsewhere for dinner.Supper for brunch. Brilliant!
My friend was all gung-ho to try Supper, and since I live right around the corner, I said, "Sure. Why the heck not?" So glad I did.
My friend had the red velvet waffles (HEAVENLY), and I had the burger. I know, a burger for brunch is kind of weak. But whatever. I do me, and sometimes me is a burger at 11am on a Sunday. Anyway, the burger was cooked to perfection and just what I needed to leach the last of the previous night's revelry from my system. The wait was a bit lengthy considering how empty the place was, but that's fine with me. Brunch isn't one of those meals that you rush through. Now, if it had been a lunch, I would have had something to say about that. 
I highly recommend braving South Street to try this place. So good. (And yes, that was me outing myself as someone who isn't wild about South Street. Oops.)So Saturday morning I was on my way to meet my friend at Sam's Morning Glory for lunch, but he got there first and there was a long line of free range humans (his words, not mine) milling about the cage waiting for a table there.  I was lost wandering the wrong way down South Street and I was like hey Supper is empty, lets eat there.  And we did.  Unfortunately they hold their brunch traditionally on Sundays...but fortunately their Lunch menu (with a couple brunch items) greatly pleased me.
I started off with the Signature Deviled Eggs appetizer... apparently the egg flavors change by the month...they were nothing short of amazing.  There were 4....Black Truffle, Wasabi, Sweet Chili (I think) and I forget the fourth because my friend ate it.  But the Truffle one was out of this world fantastic I want to eat a dozen more awesome.  I never would have thought to put any other ingredients in deviled eggs!  So simple.
Anyways my main was the Supper Dog.  This was the highest quality Hot Dog I have ever eaten.  And it was gigantic.  It came wrapped in Bacon with sauerkraut on top and bbq onions and a freakin beer mustard underneath!  Beer mustard?  What is that???  I don't know, but it was slammin.  And it all came on a gigantic buttered bun that had the thickness of Texas Toast.  It was great.  And on the side it came with buttermilk fried pickles...which tasted kind of like hash browns with relish inside...pretty inventive stuff.  Definitely the most interesting Hot Dog meal I've ever had.
I'd also be remiss if I didn't mention that Supper is a really nice homey place.  Except the table with the crazy light sculpture under it...I wouldn't want to be eating there if that massive thing fell down.  Mucho scary.
So I will definitely have to check Supper out for Supper at some point in the near future.Warm friendly and delicious! Unique flavors on some classic southern dishes and the sangria was AMAZINGI was hesitant to write a review since I only had brunch but that meal should be pretty easy to do and impress. 
Cute interior- pleasant service. We walked in around 12:40am with no reservations and there were plenty of tables.  
Cornmeal pancakes good-but not really special for 12/$. The spiced maple syrup was a nice touch. 
Frittata was horrible. Cute presentation in mini cast iorn skillet but the frittata ( wild mushrooms and gruyere) was completely flavorless--I  think they forgot the gruyere. Potatoes on the top of fritatta were soggy but maybe that is how they serve them.  
Had to ask for salt and pepper-no tables had salt/pepper on them--so either they forgot to set out or they don't do salt and pepper implying the kitchen will season everything to perfection. Since my fritatta had no flavor I needed pepper which the waitress had to serve via peppermill. Nice touch but  I would have preferred salt and pepper on table.
I was excited to eat here but for brunch there are too many other places to go. Maybe not with as sleek a finish out but oh well.I'm always in search for a great brunch.  This time my search leads me to Supper.  For some reason, I really like the exterior of this place.  Something about it is just aesthetically pleasing to my eye.  
Anyhoo, I'm glad I made reservations because the place was packed.  Once we arrived we where immediately seated.  With this being my first time to Supper, I already knew I wanted to try their red velvet waffles.  I also ordered a side of grits.  The waffles were good, not fantastic, but good.  I like the dollops of cream sauce they had on the plate.  It added a nice, decadent touch to my waffles.  The grits were super rich.  I could tell the grits were cooked in milk and possibly marscapone or creme fraiche was added to the grits.  Bits of fried sage were added on top of the grits that added a touch of crunch.  Geez, I'm talking more about the grits than the waffles. 
Overall, I had a good brunch and would return in the future.  Oh yeah, shout out to our server who was great!  She kept the water glasses filled.  Even though, I read other YELP reviews about how Supper over charges per cup of coffee, I was still shocked to see two separate charges on my bill for drip coffee.Philly-hipster Sunday brunch joint. Open kitchen with good food. Above average price, but worth the cash. Creative decor and yuppie cuisine. Good for singles, couples, and even families.This dining experience was so disappointing, I almost cried. I had been wanting to try this place for a while, and finally had the opportunity to do so for brunch today.  It should have been a red flag when we walked in at 1:30pm on a Sunday, and there were tons of tables available. But the hostess was sweet and the decor pleasing, so I remained optimistic.  
We sat down and reviewed the menu.  Up in the top right corner was a little box listing all of the wonderful fresh vegetables they were using from a local farm.  This inspired me to order the "BE Farm Greens and Herbs Salad with apple, bacon, cornbread and buttermilk dressing" listed under "Lunch Stuff."  I thought, sounds a little rich, but it's brunch, I'll splurge on the calories.  I asked the server several questions about the salad.  She said that it was greens, cinnamon apples, smoked bacon and cornbread hushpuppies.  This sounded amazing.  I ordered a side of "Crispy Apple Beignets w/ cinnamon and sugar," thinking, oh I will share this with the table.  
Um, ok, the food arrived.  I have never been so underwhelmed in my life.  The salad was a small handful of greens, one apple slice, and a sprinkling of tiny bacon pieces.  If there was cornbread, hushpuppies, or any combination of those I could not locate them.  On the side was the world's tiniest dish of dressing.  It was enough to drizzle over about one fourth of the salad.  I was in shock at the skimpy meal.  (Where are all of the lovely vegetables listed in the box on the menu??, I thought.) But I resigned myself to what I had ordered, thinking, well I will eat the beignets, and that will be enough.  Now... I've been to New Orleans. And I have understood beignets to be fried delicious little donuts.  When the "beignets" came out, they looked ok, but when I bit into one, I found out that it was not a donut or pastry at all.  No, sadly it was a slice of fried apple with the skin still on.  It tasted good, but was not what it purported to be.  When I told the waitress I was going to need to order more food than this, she just looked at me like I was somehow giving her a personal slight.  I changed my mind about ordering more food, at that point, just wanting to go home and eat a sandwich.  
In reading another review (Mikey Il, shoutout) I see that this is a restaurant specializing in small plates.  If I had an inkling that this was a small plate or tapas kind of place, clearly I would have ordered several more dishes.  Nobody told me this, and it was not apparent to anyone in my party.  One would think the server would have mentioned it, but no.  For the prices, and the way the menu described the food, I expected a full meal.  Not a large meal, just a meal.  That's all I wanted.
Also at the table-- my friend ordered the "Dock Street Porter Pancakes with caramelized bananas, vanilla suds and crushed pretzels."  She said the portion was enough, but that the food was "just ok," Also, there were no crushed pretzels, just a few cheap looking pretzels sticks on the side of the plate.  My husband ordered the "Red Velvet Waffles with sweet cream cheese mousse, toasted pecans and bourbon cherries."  He said it was fine, nothing special.  It was a meal sized portion (a small meal, but not a caricature like my salad).  He also ordered the Bloody Mary, which he said tasted like it was made from a mix, and had very little alcohol.  
Bottom line, the food was not terrible, but if you are going to serve tapas (especially at those prices) you should really have your servers inform the patrons of such.  Hint-- people would also order more food if they knew the plates were for fashion models and sprites.I ordered the supper benny and I think it may have been the best brunch I've had in Philly!!  Amazing.  And they sat us even though brunch was ending, bless them.I received a livingsocial coupon for my birthday. Everything I had heard about supper had been positive so I was excited to give it a try. After it was all said and done, my whole experience just felt like one big chore. If you are going to get anything, get the water. The water was cold, but not too cold.Get the duck and waffles and the deviled eggs. 
Skip the cheese puffs. 
Service was fine. Bar was slow and they weren't that busy on a Sunday night at prime dinnertime. I enjoyed the open kitchen, the high ceilings and large windows (I've been reading a lot of apartment ads lately). 
If I'm in the area I will go back to check out brunch or for a duck-and-waffle repeat. 
Otherwise, it's on to the next dining discovery.Supper was fine. It was a bit forgettable which was disappointing. I originally had a reservation elsewhere for last Wednesday night but came across Supper and thought "upscale southern comfort? sounds great!" and this was supposed to be a belated birthday dinner for my boyfriend. 
We shared the fried brussel sprouts which were nice. My boyfriend got the burger which was fine but he said "a burger is a burger pretty much anywhere you get it". What was supposed to make the dish interesting was the 3-dips for the french fries. I tried all of them, a truffel, a thousand island, and a honey mustard-esque dip and didn't care for any of them and neither did my boyfriend. I got the Farm Chicken Three Ways. I guess I was expecting more and was a little disappointed when the server placed a dish in front of me that contained one chicken thigh, cut into three tiny pieces, and prepared in three different ways. It tasted pretty good but for the amount I was spending on each dish, I guess I expected a bigger plate and more SOUTHERN comfort. 
They were also pretty slow getting our food out although the restaurant was relatively empty. Not complaining though because we had time to kill before an event we had tickets to for later that evening. It was a fine experience but I probably won't be returning.My friend and I went here for brunch and the food was phenomenal. Would highly recommend it, but if possible take it to go. Restaurant was too loud and I felt I had to constantly raise my voice to talk to my friend across the table. Service was just ok, nothing to write home about, but the food definitely is!I had the tasting menu which had surprisingly large portions. The environment was lovely, but the food wasn't something I would go back for. The cornbread and chicken in my salad were over fried. The cornbread was soaked in grease and over fried.  My boyfriend described his meal as being dry. The only highlight was the very decadent snickers dessert. Service was fine, but seemed to still be in training.Food was quite good. I went for brunch on saturday and had an egg dish with short ribs a spicy tomato sauce over grits. Very original brunch menu with several items that looked great. Portions were quite small for the prices. Also bottled beer ranged from $6-$9 dollars which is quite pricey for any philadelphia bar or restaurant. Food was 4 or 5 stars but value is 1 or 2 stars.Just went there last night for the second time.  I forgot it was restaraunt week and had didn't have a reservation.  Some patrons did not show up and got a booth in the corner......I would consider the best spot in the place.  You could see everything and also lounge on the comfy sofa/chair.
All I can say is.. 5 courses, $100 with tip for two people, large portions, food was great.  
This place is underated.Cute place for dinner. This place reminds me of Chicago restaurants and I really enjoyed it. We ordered the hush puppies (large and yummy but not a fan of the sauce) and the burger. The cheese on the burger was very good! The burgers are huge so you could definitely share them. And then for dessert we had the warm apple cobbler. Delicious!! 
This is a cute date night restaurant!Came in for brunch on a Saturday afternoon, around 1-1:30 PM.  It was not crowded at all, but don't let that deter you.  I was tempted by the cereal bar.  While someone below said, "why pay $6 for capn crunch plus tax and tip?", I say "why not pay $6 for cap'n crunch and every other amazing childhood cereal, all you can eat!"  It seems like a kitschy thing for Supper to do.
But alas, I resisted.  We had the deviled eggs for an app.  I just do not like deviled eggs I think, but my boyfriend looooved them.  You can definitely taste the difference among all the types.  My fave was the one with bacon.
Then we shared the pumpkin french toast and the red velvet waffles.  Pumpkin french toast was amazing.  You could taste pumpkin flavors and spices in the bread.  It wasn't a huge serving at first glance, but plenty to keep you full.  The red velvet waffles, in contrast, were a really huge serving.  The cream cheese creme or whatever it was on top was so rich and delightful.  The waffles themselves were pretty ordinary in taste, despite being that deep red color.  I never really thought red velvet tasted that different though.  
Service was excellent; super attentive server, refilled water at all times.
Definitely want to try the other items on the brunch menu sometime!All I can say about this place is... you have to experience it. The food itself, flavor-wise, was scrumptdiddlyumptious, but the experience, presentation, friendly service, etc were what really made Supper a winner. The staff was incredibly pleasant. The restuarant is cozy, clean, beautiful. perfect for a date (hint hint).
Came here for Restaurant Week.
Cheese puffs with cheddar and goat cheese? Very tasty. They were too small. GIVE ME MORE! Intensely cheesey though.
Sweet potato soup with marshmellow.... the soup itself was bland. The presentation of nicely chopped apples at the bottom and the artisty smudge of toasted marshmellow on the side were beautiful. You MUST mix/swirl the marshmellow into the soup. That's when the soup becomes eh to OMG.
The slow roasted chicken was delicious. The frittata thing served underneath was heavenly. All in all, it was a little salty though. Not sure I'd order this again. 
THE BANANA BREAD PUDDING IS AWESOME. Seriously. The first bite and you're like holy mother of God what IS THIS? Mmmmm. 
The apple cobbler was okay. Not as sweet and crumbly as I like, but it was good. I probably won't order this again.
I'd definitely come back. A little too expensive imho, and the portions are small.. but I was crazy stuffed after four courses, that's for sure.Went here for the first time last night with my girlfriend - have been meaning to ever since it opened.  First thing we noticed was the amazing decor.  It's got a really cool rustic-urban-farmhouse type thing going on, and it's very refreshing from other flashy, space-age looking restaurants that have been popping up all over Philadelphia in the last ten years - (Steven Starr, cough, cough!)  
We got a table in the very spacious upstairs part of the restaurant (that I had no idea existed) and checked out the menu.  So many awesome options!  For hors d'oeuvres, we had a little bit of everythang:  Crab latkes, homemade soft pretzels with a chile cheese and beer dipping fondue, and zesty chicken wings.  Everything was amazing.  Their portions are very small, and so we weren't full after sharing them.  For our entrees, we had their regular-sized plate dinners (there are large plates offered as well) of porchetta and spice-crusted tuna.  They were both delicious (we liked the porchetta better, though) and perfect sizes after we've had a few appetizers.  Altogether, a very pleasant experience.  The ambiance, the service, the food, was all great.  
They also had what appeared to be a very impressive bar selection.  Can't wait to go back.To be fair, I have actually eaten here a couple times and waited to write a review because I could never quite put my finger on what they were not getting right.
It's not the location, service or drinks. It's the food. I have never been AMAZED by anything I have had there. I really enjoy that they serve seasonally appropriate dishes but most of it is covered with cheese, mayo or butter and so what's the point? What do I mean? The Mini Maine Lobster rolls are comprised of fresh and delicious Lobster, on a deep fried mini roll. The Seasonal Quartet had kale, squash, cauliflower and potato latkes (usually my fav) and none of them tasted anything like I had hoped they would. They were covered in butter, and oil and basically- it broke my heart. Will I probably eat here again? Yeah, Probably. Would I ever recommend it to my friends and family who come into the city all the time and are hungry for new and interesting? No, not at all.
Sigh.I'm not sure if we were there on an "off night", so I can't totally diss this place, but we were not impressed with the food.  I had the pork shoulder entree and it was incredibly salty.  The atmosphere was lovely and we had high expectations given the other yelp reviews, but the salty food was a real let down.  The thing is, that was the only thing wrong with it, if they had not used so much salt, my meal would have been delicious.  I wouldn't recommend this place b/c I was disappointed with both my meal as well as the lamb entree - both very salty, but it has good reviews so perhaps the chef was sick that night.  I don't know??
Recommendation:
Keep the menu, but lose half of the salt you are using - it's way too much and overpowers the real flavor of the meat and vegetables.Found this place at the last minute when my boyfriend were on the lookout for brunch spots that weren't crowded. So glad I found a reservation minutes before we got there as the tables were all full! 
The service was very fast, the brunch food was superb. Will come back again!Excellent, creative food.  Nice atmosphere.  Looking forward to returning.great brunch! we tested three items:
the babka: yes! perfect! bacon and sweet!
chilaquiles navidad: good layering and another hit
skillet roasted mushroom toast: my mom wanted a bit more bread to soak up the yummy sauce
we also hit up some cocktails that were decent enough.
Id go back in a heartbeat.. in fact im planning on it this weekend!I loved this place from the second I walked through the door. It manages to feel upscale but comfortable and casual at the same time...just like the food. They take something as comfortable as chicken and waffles and make their own version instead... duck and pecan sage waffles...heaven. Then there's the deviled eggs. They take a plain old deviled egg and turn it into pickled truffle deviled eggs which are so incredible that I figured out how to make my own version and serve them whenever I can.
My most recent trip to Supplier was for brunch and I was yet again super impressed. First they make one of the best bloody marys I've ever had. I stuck with the original but they had many versions with Bourbon and tequila! Next I had the dixie biscuit which was great. It was a biscuit, with scrambled egg, pimento cheese, country ham and grits. YUM! My boyfriend had the supper benny which was also fantastic and I don't generally love eggs Benedict. 
To sum up, Supper is a restaurant you can go to get a consistently great meal in Philly. It has an amazing feel, great atmosphere and very good food!I asked Supper to help me host my wife's surprise 30th birthday party at their restaurant. I have to say that this was the best experience I have had at a restaurant for a group of roughly 15 people, ever. I did a lot of research in the city before selecting Supper and I was glad I did.  Supper had the most reasonable pricing and service available. The space was very nice and the atmosphere was very laid back.  The menu was pre-fixed and custom selected.  They provided us a large space upstairs so that our friends and family could not see us arrive (This was still in the main dining area, not a private room). Molly was fantastic and responded immediately to any questions or comments I had.  Everyone raved about the food and stated that it was a fantastic four course meal with perfect portions.
Here was my dinner:
First Course: The Fingerlings cooked in duck fat with truffle mayo. Duck fat is all the rave nowadays. So I have high expectations when it comes to potatoes in duck fat. These were very good, crisp on the outside and soft in the middle, seasoned well and you received a hint of truffle from the mayo. If I had an issue it was there weren't enough of these on my plate!
Second Course: BE Farm greens & herb salad containing apples, smoked chicken cracklins, cornbread & buttermilk dressing. This was a pretty good salad. Wasn't over dressed and the smoked cracklins were delicious and definitely made the salad with that smoky crispiness; and come on, who doesn't love fried chicken skin! Only complaint was the 2 small slices of Italian bread mixed within the salad. This felt disjointed and I didn't understand why they were there. 
(I was also able to try my wife's sweet potato soup. It was awesome and the apples and sage were a perfect touch to the soup.)
Third Course:  The hanger steak with baby spinach, marrow bread pudding, horseradish cream & pickled red onions. This was a delicious plate of food. The steak was cooked perfectly and not too tough, as hanger steak can get when cooked improperly. The horseradish cream and pickled onions were also a nice touch and a good accompaniment to the meat. The marrow bread pudding was good, but wasn't anything that knocked my socks off.
Fourth Course:  The warm apple cobbler with biscuit topping & buttermilk ice cream. This was a great cobbler and what made this cobbler was the buttermilk ice cream. Oh man was that good. I could eat a gallon of that stuff and not even think twice about it. It was very rich, creamy and smooth. Everything a gut busting ice cream should be! The ice cream was so good, I think I started to weep.
Overall:  This was a wonderful experience and I appreciated everything they did for us. The service was fantastic and the food was excellent. No complaints from anyone in the party. I would definitely return to Supper and it appears it needs to be for Brunch!  However, I do want to get after those deviled eggs, they looked delicious as well.
Cheers to everyone at Supper and thanks for making my wife's birthday amazing!limted menu but very nice, fresh and healthy food. We were visiting Phila from New England and are pretty experienced with farm to table restaurants and this is a real good one! My only complaint was that the  bar prices are way out of line-beyond what i  typically pay in Boston and even in New York. I left Supper feeling well fed and a bit hosed!My boyfriend and I went to Supper yesterday for brunch. We used a livingsocial deal for a prix-fixe brunch. We had Steven as our server and he was very attentive and nice. Coffee and tea were included in our deal. I started with the coffee cafe doughnuts and they were awesome. 3 generously portioned round donuts topped with powdered sugar almost filled me up! The tops were piped with a coffee cream/syrup that was not overly coffee flavored, which I liked. The inside of the donut was nice and warm. I had to stop myself after 2 to save room for the rest of the meal. My boyfriend had the bacon babka and he loved it! There was bacon inside and had 3 pieces of bacon on top! He did say it came with a little too much syrup, so he wished it came on the side. For the entree I had the banana cream pie french toast. The pieces were SO thick! I can never cook french toast well and was very impressed they could fully cook bread that thick. I only had a few bites at the restaurant and am having the leftovers right now. It came with a little banana and something like pudding tasting like banana. My boyfriend had the frittata with chorizo and queso fresco. It came with hash browns and toast on top of the frittata, but he asked for the hash browns on the side so I could try them. Those were good. We got the grits to share and I liked them. I don't know if there was butter and sage on them like the description says, but there was some hot sauce on top that made it really good. There was a nice portion because we already had so much food. We will be back to Supper, but maybe not for full price. The donuts could have filled me up by itself. Really wanna try the lemon meringue donuts!This place is really overrated for what it is. Although maybe word got out because after a few tries to get a Friday night reservation a day ahead of time, I found this place half empty at 8pm on Friday.
Nothing was bad per se, but my expectation at a reservations required, $20s entree range is something more than "not bad".
We ordered the pretzel, deviled eggs and squid appetizers. The pretzels and mustard sauce were no better than something out of the frozen food section, the deviled eggs were similarly of supermarket prepared foods quality, and the squid went unfinished.
My halibut entree was fine. The fish itself was well cooked but the accompaniments (fried crab balls, parsnips, bacon, potatoes, carrots, cream sauce) didn't feel particularly well thought out. All told, the plates looked like the food you'd get in such a restaurant, they just didn't taste that great.I dont eat meat, so there werent any entrees for me, but I happily got a soup, appetizer and side, but was plenty of food! The bread was great, but the waiter seemed annoyed I asked for it before we ordered. I have juvenile diabetes and needed some food! Its bread, just hadn it over! I dont care about whats proper. It was funny. My husband had the eggs and the chicken. He didnt like the chicken, but we loved everything else. We recommend the eggs, the cheese puffs, the carrot soup, and the onion rings.The best sea bass entree! Tried the coconut and corn soup and can not wait to go back. I'm also a fan of the bar and their seasonal sangria's.UNBELIEVABLE.Took a friend here for his birthday - definitely a good choice! 
Broccoli fritters with parmigiano and bacon: appropriate size, very savory
Smoked butternut squash soup: best butternut squash soup I've ever had! They present you with a bowl with marshmallow on the side and then pour in the soup - delicious!!!!
Sea scallops: Very good but I like scallops and have had better - again, a nice portion.
Wine is pretty pricey and definitely added to the bill significantly - thus $$$$ instead of $$$.
Overall this restaurant is fun and has great food - great place for a nice date as the serving sizes are great for sharing just be prepared to drop some cash if you're going to get a few bottles of wine!Went on the livingsocial tasting menu thing.  It was the same price as their regular tasting menu, but it comes with free pickled jelly.  The deviled eggs were awesome, and the grits were good.  The swordfish (main dish) was extremely salty and not amazing.  I didn't finish it, which is extremely uncharacteristic of me.  The desert was very good (mud pie with ice cream).  Overall though, I was a bit disappointed because of the entree.I'll be quick on this, but this place is way to fru-fru for my tastes.  All the food was complex, there was so many different flavors going on its hard to enjoy the simple joys of food.  Even the burger had so many complicated flavors going on that I wanted to bail and go to royal tavern.  
The layout of the place is awesome, the feel is great there, not too loud intimate enough for a quiet conversation. The wine selection was decent too, no complaints there.  But I don't think I'll ever go back because I tend to like food that is just slightly more simple.The food was great, tasted fresh and had some great plate combinations.  My date got the tuna entree and she couldnt wait to give me a bite because of how perfect it was.   I got the smoked duck which was perfectly seasoned, cooked and had a great subtle note of smoking which was pleasant.  I was elated  how the accompaniments on the plates went so well with the focus of each dish and although they could hold on their own as great side dishes, they went well with the main protein but did not outshine it.   The space is beautiful with a great vibe and feeling when you enter.  Try it now.Mmmm what's for Supper?
Well for me it was the sweet potato soup with the smear of homemade marshmallow around the rim of the bowl and the scallops. The soup was spicy but sweet and had a thickness to it that was perfect. The scallops were cooked to perfection and the truffle on them is a great touch. The sauteed greens that came with the scallops were a little tough but not bad!
For the table we shared the Tamale fries and the Chicken wings.
CHICKEN WINGS ARE A MUST. I cant get over how delicious they are. Sugar, salt, pepper and falls right off the bone. Tasty appetizer for the table.
Love the atmosphere here. Plan on coming back soon!This was a spontaneous dinner after spying their menu outside of their window. The interior had a really warm rustic look to it - a little fancy, but just un-fancy enough that you wouldn't feel weird putting your elbows up on the table. So we canceled our other dinner plans and gave it a go.
Friendly reception and immediate seating even without a reservation - they were nice about that. Our waiter was this guy who looked as though he should be a bouncer at a club instead of a guy waiting tables. Sort of intimidating. But he did check in albeit infrequently to make sure our dinner was going okay.
Typical french bread and whole grain to start, but for some reason, the salted butter made it a great start to our meal. Weird, I know. We bypassed the RW menu for what had struck our fancy outside the window - crispy squid w/ sichuan sausage and sambal, and housemade soft pretzels with green chile-and-beer fondue to start.  Strozzapreti (my fave pasta, its so hard to find!) for me, and a Supper Burger w/ bacon, gruyere, caramelized onions, roasted tomato
& duck fat fingerlings for the hubby.  Pass on dessert.
Squid - delicious. Soft pretzels - unimpressive, but the fondue made it different and I'm glad we tried it.  The strozzapreti was NOT strozzapreti - it should have been more gnocchi-like pasta, but instead, it looked and tasted like sliced penne.  Other than that, the overall dish was still tasty and I enjoyed it for what it was worth. Hubby said that the burger was also pretty good, and it was actually a really good size compared to the rest of the dishes, which were miniature!  Not much bang for your buck here. 
It's a cute enough place (they have quieter seating upstairs, I believe) and innovative dishes, but the portion sizes were what will probably make us reluctant from returning next time.Supper adds interesting twists to classic dishes that are well thought out and executed.
I went here for lunch on Saturday 30-Jan-10. The duck fat fingerlings were rich and creamy on the inside and the fleur de sel was a nice finishing touch. DFFs seem to be all the rage on menus but the problem I have with them is that the fat doesn't get hot as oil and the fries cant get as crispy. Other than that, the fingerlings and the AWESOME truffle mayo were delicious.
When I read about marshmallows in the butternut squash soup, i was conflicted about how it would interact with the rest of the dish. The marshmallow was toasted on the side of the bowl and sprinkled with cinnamon. The soup was creamy with not too heavy and well balanced. The fried sage added texture and the apple was a sweet compliment to the richness of the soup. Getting a bite with each of these components was truly memorable.
The pork belly reuben was fantastic. It was everything I love in a reuben but with better ingredients. I liked the copious amounts of fat and dressing on the dish. The chips were extremely thin and light. I never had chips this light mostly because they don't ship well because of this fragility The reminded me of Middlesworth BBQ!
The strozzapretti was a good seasonal dish with a good mingling of the sprouts, sage and hazlenuts. The biggest complaint about the dish is that there wasn't very much on the plate. Taste was spot on but I just wish there was more of it.
The banana bread pudding desert was well executed but nothing really unusual or new.
The interior makes good use of the space and is inviting with rich deep earthy/woody colors. I really liked it. The modern art inspired chandelier in the middle of the room just looks out of place.
Service was excellent as I expected. Our server had good knowledge of the food she was serving and pleasant to talk with.
I thought this is a great place for some really good food. I almost went back there the same day for dinner! I can't wait to go back!I recommended this restaurant for my best friend and his partner to go to...to celebrate a birthday. After their awful experience, I will never recommend or visit this place again. Not only we the food awful, but the wait staff was not the best at all. The manager even tried to justify why the service was so bad. There is NO excuse and I will make sure that I share this review with my social network.DON'T GO HERE FOR BRUNCH!! 
I was soooooo disappointed! (See previous five-star dinner review).  I've had dinner here multiple times and have had great food, great service and a great time....is this a completely different restaurant when they serve brunch? Maybe they rent the space out from 10-5? Hmmmm, only explanation I could come up with.
Service was really awful! We were the ONLY people in the entire restaurant and it took 10 minutes to be acknowledged or receive menus because the staff was too busy socializing (after they told us to seat ourselves).This was followed by waiting over 30minutes for our food, which arrived completely cold. In fact, the 'mousse' on my red velvet waffles was starting to separate which tells you it was sitting for a loooong time before it got to the table. Totally unacceptable when, again, we were the only people there....though, now I see why!
Husband got flank steak which was four miniscule pieces of steak; portion was ridiculously small for $17, also ice cold and with dry, hard as a rock, toast.  
The most confusing thing was that one of the chefs actually brought our food to the table, so we couldn't even blame the previously mentioned lousy server.  What kind of chef with any pride in his work would even let cold food leave his kitchen, let alone hand-deliver it to our table? 
"Here's the cold food that's been sitting for the past 25 minutes.  You can expect the waffles to be the texture of cinder blocks, and oh! that steak should be as chewy as a strap of dried leather....enjoy (?)."
Sixty dollars later: Two brunch items + Two (also small) screwdrivers....we left hungry, disgruntled and never wanting to return.  Shame, since I've recommended this place to multiple friends for dinner.  I recant.The experience at Supper is wonderful. The service is on point as are the incredibly deliciously plated dishes that are creatively  prepared to make you feel it was made especially for you. From the plating to flavor profile -everything at Supper was well thought out. I highly recommend a visit.Love the decor. Unique menu items. Had the chicken and bisquit and it was pretty good. Also had a cappucino and hazelnut tiramisu cake. Nice place to gather with friends or family for a good dinner, but it is a bit pricey, so just be aware.I bought a $49 Living Social deal for Supper's brunch for two: 2 three-course pre fixe brunch including a starter, entree and side. It was advertised as a $82 value.
I will try to keep this short..
-My friend and I go on a Sunday afternoon. We were given a special menu. 3 options for each course: 1 starter each, 1 entree each and we could only pick ONE side to share. We got a total of 2 frittatas, 1 doughnut, 1 bacon babka, and 1 side of hash browns. (We also ordered coffee and tea because he said it was part of the deal)
-I get the bill and it says $120. Brunch for 2 for $120?? I show our server and he said he "forgot" to take off the items. I think I know what he was doing.. he wanted a high bill so we can tip high.  (He didn't know that my friend is in the industry and we always tip well. He got his 30% tip on full value in the end.)
-Our brunch items all added up to be $53 (no where near $82). We bought a deal to save a whopping $4??!
-He corrects the mistake and hands us the bill again after I showed him my voucher. I just have to pay tax for the amount of the deal. Deal was only $49 but I had to pay tax for $59? that must be illegal! 
-I'm writing this review because I don't want anyone else to experience this.
-I'm giving this review 2 stars because the food/chef has nothing to do with this review.We had a fantastic brunch at Supper. The stafff was very attentive and the food came out quickly. I ordered the eggs benedict and they made it vegetarian for me. The hollandaise sauce was out of this world! My boyfriend also said that their coffee was top notch brand. Very eclectic ambiance.
I highly recommend trying the doughnuts with toasted marshmellow.