We are visiting in Philadelphia from California.  My son took us here for our 28 year wedding anniversary. All the food was delicious and the service was great! Everyone that worked there seemed happy to be there and we're extremely friendly! The pita bread was baked to order and served directly from the oven to the table and was by far, the best I'd had. The hummus, tabbouleh and marinated veggies were all Amazing! The grilled mixed mushrooms and lamb sausage were so flavorful! We didn't have anything that wasn't delicious! If I ever come back to Philly,  I would definitely go back to this place! SO GOOD!!Delicious food ! I personally loved it !!!
I was surprised to see 3-star  reviews here but when I read it I understood the reason . Everyone loved the place, the food but the prices. Let me tell you something. If I don't want to spend $200 for dinner I don't go to Barkley Prime! If I want to get a good quality lunch I don't expect it to be less than $25. Unfortunately life is expensive here in Philadelphia, especially for people with good tastes.  And yes you have to pay $$$ for a good quality meals. So If you are aware of that I'm sure you will totally enjoy SURAYABeautiful place. Excellent food. I only gave it a 2 because they gouge you on the drinks. My manhattan was $16. A very small glass of house wine was $11.50. There is no justification for that. We eat out often in good restaurants. This is the only place that gouges you on the drinks.
I got the halibut. It was delicious but quite small with nothing on the side.It's extremely overpriced, and the sandwiches are a joke. I love Mediterranean cuisine but this is one of the worst i had. In a city with so many places to eat, i'd expect they would try harder.
Service is excellent, though. And the place is really niceInstagram worthy and Claire is an amazing server! 
Suraya is super beautiful guys. Nice open space, ceramic tiles, and orange infused water. You enter straight into their bakery/cafe where you can order and sit or you can walk past a little and be seated in their restaurant. I recommend making a reservation because it can get pretty crowded. After a 10 min wait my party of 4 were seated straight away. Their booths are super comfy and bouncy! 
Claire came to us shortly after and was super knowledgeable about the menu and helped us navigate for one of our party members who has an allergy. I started with the chai tea latte- so delicious. Then got a kefta platter. Once the food came out I realized it was the kefta sandwich but Claire and the manager figured everything out straight away and fixed my order (thanks guys!). The kefta was super moist, the hummus was A1 and their fries were seasoned to the max. Though I think their tabouli could have more lemon- just my preference though. Afterwards I finished with a rose and pistachio cruller which was so light and airy. Y'all gotta try it. 
If visiting philly again I would definitely come back to Suraya.Great food ! Great customer service ! Amazing coffee!!! Great for business meeting , brunch with friends , romantic dinner and breakfast with a big family alike .  Very spacious , clean and welcoming !This is definitely the best breakfast place in Philly. İf you bored for classic breakfast routine you should definitely come and visit this place for unique taste super fast service, delicious coffee and friendly environment. Highly recommend it for this place for breakfast lunch or brunch. It's not like a regular classic American breakfast. It's a little expensive but it's worth every penny. Come on in and enjoy middle eastern hospitality.The ambience and food are great. I enjoyed the old village Lebanese style architecture. The food was on the expensive side but definitely well worth it for the quality. I highly recommend the home made drinks especially the homemade jallab. I'm looking forward for the restaurant to openThe space is gorgeous. I can't wait until it warms up and we can hang out in the courtyard. Beautiful moorish design throughout. We had the man'oushe with za'atar and cheese which was one of the staff's favorite as well. They are about 10" so enough for one person. It was full of flavor and very filling. I was satisfied with just this and a chai latte. It was pricy. 2 man'oushes and 2 coffees ran us $30. Unfortunately it's too expensive to frequent regularly, but we will definitely be back for a special treat. I can't wait to try their dinner service when it begins, and definitely  want to go back for the pastries!i had high expectations of suraya, and i'm happy to report that they were met. we were able to find a reservation on short notice, and were seating within ten minutes of arriving. the ambiance is lovely, with dim lighting and sections that look like tents in the desert. 
the menu was divided into small plates & larger plates to share. we got the fattouch salad, crispy potatoes, and the fatteh. everything was delicious, but the fatteh provided a flavor profile unlike anything i've tried before. it. was. delicious. 
we also had two different kinds of lamb, and topped off the evening with espresso. the bill came out to about $100--not bad for a celebratory dinner at a brand new restaurant. the service was great--attentive, but not *too* attentive. i'm a big fan of suraya, and i'll definitely return!I came here for brunch and now cannot wait to come back for dinner.  The space is huge and very well appointed and beautifully decorated.  We split a pastry and shared an appetizer of the classic hummus to start.  The hummus was the best I have ever had-smooth, creamy, and perfect flavor.  The waitress quickly offered us more pita which is a nice touch.  We both had a Lebanese flatbread, the Cheese, tomato, long hot, parsley and the  lamb bi-ajeen with egg.  Both were flavorful and perfect.  Cannot wait to come back now that the garden space is open.  BONUS: If you don'd feel like dining in, there is a small market cafe in the front.  We both got items to go!This place is fantastic! Top notch, couldn't find a thing to complain about if I tried.  We sat in the back yard/ garden.  It was like stepping into a Mediterranean/ middle eastern garden.  We were actually supposed to head in for dinner but just couldn't leave the beauty of that garden.  
Drinks: extremely unique.  We tried "the poet" but there were a bunch of awesome craft cocktails plus a full bar.  
Food: delicious!  You don't get access to the full menu in the yard but the stuff that we did have access to was amazing.  
Service: excellent bar, waiter and support/ management.  Really made us feel at home.  
* note: we went without our kids.  Changing tables and children friendly bathrooms were not assessed! We'll see if there a deal breaker here....My husband and I had an amazing dinner at Suraya! I was happy to get a table on a Saturday night after reading about it in Bon Appetit. The restaurant is bigger than I expected -- it is hip and modern, with a relaxed vibe. We loved all the food -- from the Muhammara to the Lebanese Chai Latte, every bite was delicious. The fresh-from-the-oven pitas are unbelievable. Our server made great suggestions about how much to order and how to pace the courses -- we had 3 mezzas, 2 entrees and more pitas than I want to admit. I only wish we'd had room for dessert! Overall, an excellent experience!Spendy.. maybe a bit too spendy for everyday eats.
But the fresh out of the oven pita, dry aged ribeye, and the fatteh were something special. Definitely give it a try!Came back home to visit some family and friends in the philly area and a friend recommended this place to me. At first I was hesitant to go because I heard it just opened and thought they would be understaff or have low quality service but I was completely wrong! As soon as I walked in, someone by the name of Najette greeted me at the door with a warm smile, and asked me about my day before inquiring about what I would like to eat. Although, it was a small moment, it left a big impact on me. Most businesses you walk into don't care about there customers on that level. But wait it gets better.. I sat down and placed my order: 
- Chicken sandwich BJ 
- Kafta kabob 
- Mezze plate
- Man'ousha flat bread 
Everything tasted AMAZING!! During my meal the manager (or owner) Greg came by my table to inquire about my experience and asked if I needed any extra pitas. My expectations were completely blown away!! I would highly recommend this to anyone!! I can't wait to come back!The food was absolutely amazing, which is enough reason to go back again and again.  
The Hummous was great, but the one starter we had was awesome; Fatar Meshwi (grilled wild mushrooms). I'm pretty sure I could eat that every day.  We also got two outstanding mains, the Kawarma (Lamb) and the Prawns.  My wife and basically fought to the death over each bite.  I can't say enough about the food, delicious.
Unfortunately there were a few negatives.  Not that it's a bad thing for everybody, but felt a bit too hip or New York for us.  But that's just a personal preference.  We're more salt of the earth Philly.  There was also the bar area, which we were told does not allow standing room.  They basically move you to an area to enjoy cocktails and the bar is only populate by those sitting there.  I like the idea of it, but the practice didn't hold.  My wife and I were sat at a two top along the path to the bar, and a large group was allowed to stand there and get after it during our entire meal.  We had someone's butt in our face throughout the meal.  I'm not sure why, but the rule seems to apply to some but not others, pretty frustrating.
All in all, the food heavily outweighs any of the negatives and I strongly recommend you give it a chance.Certainly one of the most amazing Middle Eastern cuisines I've ever been to in my life. The place is well-rounded from every aspect, the food is incredibly amazing with all the Middle Eastern spices / tastes in all the different menu items I tried. They have delicious mana2eesh, incredible kofta and very yummy hummus with lamb meat. The interior is very intelligently designed, combining both Middle Eastern classic ancient designs blending perfectly with modernization. I guarantee you will never regret being there.Unbelievably beautiful and a great experience! 
My wife and I walked by many times as it was being constructed and were curious what it would be. When we learned it was going to be a Lebanese / Middle Eastern restaurant we were beyond excited. 
We had high expectations for this place. 
When we walked in for the first time, you can't help but be struck by the precision of decor. Beautiful tiling, authentic shapes and colors fill the walls and even the booths have tapestry-like patterns. 
Then, the food. Their hummus is excellent. The freshly made pita is even better. I love the falafel sandwich. With recently introducing dinner service, we went the week it opened and had yet another great experience. There isn't anything bad on the menu. 
If you like middle eastern food, a beautiful ambience and friendly waitstaff, then you should go here!This place was amazing from start to finish. First it was easy to make a reservation online, then we arrive and the restaurant is gorgeous. Everything made you as the diner feel transported to a different area, including the music playing softly in the background.
Then we are seated and our waiter was wonderful. He was continuously attentive and had great suggestions on what to order. We decided to split 5 mezza between the two of us. We tried the hummous, taboule, fatteh, fried kibbeh and the batata harra. Everything was great, but the fatteh was beyond wonderful. It was so good that we almost got one for dessert - but we were filled by the end of the meal. I will definitely be returning soon, thanks for a wonderful meal!Theres three different sections to this place: a pastry section with tables, a restaurant portion, and all the way to the back is an indoor fireplace seating area (where I'm currently writing this review). I came here around 3:00 pm where I ordered some pastries and a sandwich to snack on. I would highly recommend their Flan Patissier ($3.5) and Kafta Kabab ($12). You can tell their pastries are skillfully made by the amount of layering in their crust. It makes the outer layer of the flan crispy and very fluffy. The inner flan filling was delicious, not overly sweet and had a natural subtle taste of lemon to it. I only wish I ordered tea or coffee to go with it. The kabab wrap consisted of a juicy kabob w/ herbs, long strip of fries, hummus, red onions, and some other greens. One of the best wraps I've ever had. 
All in all I'd say this place is seriously a hidden gem for authentic Middle Eastern food. I always wonder why center city can't have more places like this. I'll definitely be coming back for dinner or just to try out more of their pastries.Space / service / ambiance: 5/5
Food: 4/5
Solid spot but didn't quite live up to the reviews. Awesome restaurant - great for drinks, food or dates. However, the food here is above average rather than anything special to write home about.I'm calling this place the "La Colombe" of hummus. Like LC, this place takes you on a culinary tour of Lebanon and Turkey. The flavors are beyond fresh and unique. They're totally in a league of their own! 
The menu is slightly overwhelming, so I defaulted to the original hummus and green salad. The original hummus is soft and nutty just like Zahav/Dizengoff (sorry to pull so many restaurants into this, but I think alluding to them shows the high standard of quality Suraya meets). I blame that on the tehina, Soom Foods. It is served with a pita, fresh from the oven, and it's soft and airy with a subtle crust. The green salad included gem lettuce, raw fennel, watermelon radishes, a soft-boiled egg, yogurt dressing, and pita chips. The flavor profile was satisfying. The meal overall was light, filling, and nourishing! 
I went back for seconds the week after. Opted for the baba ganoush, pita, and the rest of the party got the gravlax. Overall, everyone was satisfied. While the ganoush was tasty, I think I'll stick to the hummus. I appreciate that particular spread much more.  
Again, service and atmosphere were 10/10!Suraya was beautiful. All the colors, decor, and space was amazing. There's a cafe section and a dining section as you walk in further. My friend and I were looking for a place to eat a quick breakfast and work through lunch. We came upon Suraya and it was a wonderful experience. I don't think I would ever say this because I am not much of a sweets person, but their rose and pistachio cruller is probably the best pastry I have ever had in my life. My mouth is still watering thinking about it since I had it five days ago on a trip to Philly. The staff and servers were all great. One of them was so attentive and made sure to clear our plates and refill our water. We then moved over to the dining area for lunch and we ordered the braised lamb hummus, a beef/tomato flatbread, and a chicken sandwich. The fries were phenomenal and we really loved the braised lamb hummus. The flatbread was good, but nothing out of the ordinary. 
I'd definitely come back to Suraya, just for that cruller...The Yelp reviews led me here and was not disappointed. Elegant, comfortably atmosphere, friendly staff. I ordered the eclat chocolate, delicious. Very fresh ingredients which makes eating a pleasure. I also started to order coffee and then when looking up at the menu, noticed the chai latte and changed my mind. Again, not disappointed. Fresh ingredients made with attention to detail. I will return when in the area.Great atmosphere warm with rustic decor, excellent service, excellent food, drinks, pastry , tea variety and Coffe so well rounded on all front. Had fun meal with friends, and Will be back again and againAmazing food! Celebrated my birthday here with a big group of friends and we tried 90% of the menu. It was all great but don't miss: baba ganoush, samke nayyeh (yellowtail), Batata Harrah (potatoes, get 2 orders--they're that good), the kawarma and prawns. The Lebanese white wine we had was wonderful too, crisp and refreshing.What's not to love. The food. The decor. The plates and cups. The service. The chickpea hummus was fantastic and comes with pita. The rose latte was fabulous.Yup, its gorgeous. This place is going to be the next darling of Fishtown. Tried a zatar labne flatbread and was really impressed with the texture. Had a pretty decent and certainly visually pleasing gingery cocktail. The place was already buzzing with people in its first week- when it opens with a full menu AND opens the courtyard, seats will be hard to come by.Lives up to the hype! I got a manoushe(Lebanese flat bread) w/ onions, tomatoes and a fried egg. At first I was concerned I didn't get cheese but it didn't need it at all. The flavors were impeccable. The space is bigger than expected. The ambiance is trendy but cozy. Will def be a regular stop!Beautiful space and great food. The cafe offerings such as coffee and pastries are great, and all the food we've had there are too.The establishment is bright and colorful, but walking in and figuring out how to order is a tad confusing. There are no directions and the people in line are just as confused when asked about the process. So, we just fell in line like everyone else. A gentleman who seemed like the host (unsure) was walking back and forth greeting and taking guests' jackets to reserve their table. He addressed everyone in line except our group of three (we gave him the benefit of the doubt that he was just overwhelmed). When we were able to grab his attention, he asked how many we had and let us know he'll be right back. By the time we arrived at the counter and completed our order, we were still unsure of where to sit and just stood around for a few minutes waiting. The host passed by a few times and sat other groups ranging from 2-4 people. Once we were able to grab his attention again, he just told us he'll be right with us while walking away. When he did come back to us, he asked again how many we had and if he took our jackets (we were still wearing our jackets).  
I have no qualms with the food, drinks, and the young lady taking our order at the counter; they were perfect. The only thing that put a damper on our mood was the service from the host. Compared to how the host was interacting with the other guests, we felt we were being treated rudely. We were not greeted or addressed when we came in and brushed aside when we finally gained his attention again. Also, as guests were leaving, the host said his farewells to them (heard and saw everything as we were sitting near the ordering counter). When we got up to leave, the host happened to pass by, not a word. I even made eye contact, had a smile on my face and said, "have a good one!" first.  He continued to walk by without responding.
I was so excited to try this place because everything on their Instagram looked awesome, but when the first impression from the FOH team is not a good one, it changes the whole experience and makes me hesitant to come back.Today was my first time here and I absolutely loved it. 
It was a 45 minute wait but the waiting area is really cool. It was a comfortable wait that didn't include standing awkwardly in the way of the servers. I think this place really benefits from having so much extra space. The decor was really cool. 
So our party was three. So we three decided to try a bunch of things on the menu. Everything from mushroom hummus, yogurt, to the falafel. Then we got seconds. 
We spent a good amount for three people but it was money well spent. I don't regret it and I'm eager to go back and try dinner sometime soon.
P.S. don't leave without trying the French fries!My friend recommended we check this place out for brunch, since it's new, the menu sounded delicious, and the owners have an impressive pedigree.  It did not disappoint!  The mimosa and bloody mary were outstanding, as was my meal of the Lebanese omelette and citrus yogurt.  It's only open for brunch now (dinner to follow sometime this Spring), but it was an open, bustling, and welcoming atmosphere, with a friendly and attentive staff.  Can't wait to go back!Pretty good kafta, babaganoush, and maneesh w. Zaatar. Nice to have somewhere local serving good food !Went for breakfast / brunch. Pros. Amazing ambiance, decor, and set up. 5 stars for that. I've been to Lebanese restaurants all over the country and they hit it out of the park when it comes to the decor, but unfortunately it ends there. 
Cons. As has been highlighted by other users, Value - 8 bucks for a mannouchee with cheese and a sprinkle of zaatar... let's get real... and please don't eat it with a fork and knife, fold it in half and bite into it the way it was meant to be eaten. Lebanese omelette was great but not 14 dollars great.
Glad I tried it but not worth the visit if don't happen to be in fishtown for whatever reason, especially if you're driving in (parking issues)Beautiful restaurant! Delicious food! Totally enjoyed the experience! The ground lamb kabab was excellent. Lots of lemon. Perfect Lebanese experience!Finally got to stop in Suraya.  I had a hard time deciding if I should go for brunch or dinner. Brunch this time but definitely need to go back for dinner in the near future! Brunch on Saturday and Sunday is table service unlike during the week when it's counter service for breakfast and lunch. There are no reservations for weekend brunch but there are for dinner. We had to wait about 15 minutes but not too bad. 
The place is beautiful and very spacious. We talked to someone behind the counter that gave us some helpful information about the menu items while we waited. If you are interested in trying the pastries and the very popular rose pistachio cruller, get a pastry basket... they set a certain amount of the crullers  aside to include in these baskets.  Also at around 1 on Sunday the pastry baskets were running low.  So go early for best selection of pastries. Try them!  Order the varieties and take them to go! 
In addition I got a falafel platter. This included spicy fries, hummus, pita, and tabouleh.  Everything was delicious. The tehina yogurt was also very tasty. Leftovers were yummy for dinner. Oh and I rarely get specialty drinks while out but the clementine ginger soda was sooo good! 
Staff was great and personable.  Our server was cheerful and fun. Great way to end the weekend, Brunch at Suraya on Sunday!This was my first time to Suraya and it did not disappoint! I went with a group for brunch and we loved everything about it. The market at the front is super cute and a great place to look around while waiting for a table or your reservation. The decor from the mugs and plates to the wall decor was super cute! 
Now for the food, it was all great. We all had coffee and a cortado. The cortado could have been hotter, but it was still delicious. We started with the Za'atar, Labne, Olive, Cucumber, Tomato, Mint which came out rolled up like a burrito. Delicious! Next, we had the babba ganoush and slow-roasted Lamb hummus which both came with pita on the side. We finished off with the gravlax, which was the tables favorite dish. Overall, the food was amazing and I cannot wait to return to try more!This is easily my new favorite restaurant in Philadelphia. Not only is the space absolutely breathtaking (& I can't wait to return when the courtyard opens),  the food is spectacular and the wine list amazing. They have Middle Eastern wines that are exquisite and difficult to find anywhere else. Was happy to spend my birthday here are this year!Took my mom here today for Mother's Day brunch and I loved it! I will definitely be back! Pleasant people wonder food and a great atmosphere!!!!!!!Are we really on Frankford Avenue!? This place is amazing. I was dumbfounded when I walked into this beautiful and inviting space. I ordered a traditional Lebanese flat bread with an egg on top, over medium. Absolutely delicious!!  I spoke with one of the owners and I am excited to return to try the diner menu. There is an amazing outdoor space that being completed now, with a bar and seating.  What!!!? Love it. Folks for real. You have to see this space. The lunch menu is perfect and not overpriced. Coffee is on point, fresh and hot!  I think I found a Homerun!!Do you want to impress some out of town guests with your super hip vibe?  This is the place for you.  Also, the waitstaff are amazingly attractive. All of them.  Even the chef was a bespeckled, handsome culinary magazine model, with that touch of wisdom-added gray flecks. 
     You'll also be paying $22 for a small sandwich that is filled with a little bit of chicken but mostly french fries.  Did you want a side of hummus? Not possible. Did you want a side of falafel? Not possible.  But you can spend $18 for a plate that has some of what you wanted.  
       We had the chicken sandwich and beet salad with falafel. The falafel was definitely the best part.  The fries LOOK good, and taste lemony but all the food desperately needed salt to make the other spices come out. 
       Dress in your hippest sideburns and tattoos and make a reservation, you'll be all set.  If you want better food and don't need the price or the atmosphere, tried Saad's in West Philly.Hummus is not good as expected, but Lamb Kabab and cheese Mano'ushe were delicious and taste well.Great coffee, wonderful pastries and very spacious/ beautiful interior. I went here with my 7 month old and found it to be comfortable and very baby/stroller-friendly: there are no steps at the entrance, ramps to seating area in back, a nice changing station in the accessible bathroom stall, and high chairs available. It's great to have another kid-friendly establishment that caters to a more adult palate
The kouign amann ("queen ahm on") was absolutely divine- a sweet croissant-like pastry (not exactly a 'cronut') with a thin, but perfectly balanced crunchy caramel exterior. We also loved the pistachio ma'amoul, which I will certainly return for. The Man'oushe (flatbread) with egg (or whatever else you want to have with it, really) was a nice, affordable and surprisingly filling breakfast.
I look forward to returning in the spring and summer months- the outdoor seating area looks like it will be wonderful. This is a great addition to Fishtown.Finally had a chance to come here for brunch after much anticipation. Suraya blew us out of the water! The inside is massive and beautifully decorated. It looks like there is a beautiful and large outdoor area with  which has yet to open which will be amazing come summer. Service was great, our waiter was friendly and helpful.
The highlights of our meal were the mushroom hummus and the "Gravlax." The mushroom hummus was sooooo incredibly umami. My boyfriend thinks it is better than Zahav's hummus--I think it is on par but the two are definitely different. The Gravlax was literally heaven on a plate. Finely sliced salmon on Lebanese flat bread  topped with trout roe and amazing olive oil--it managed to be light and fresh and decadent at the same time. It is the sophisticated cousin of lox and  cream cheese on a bagel.
I'm super stoked to come back here when it opens for dinner service this spring! Suraya is sure to impress.Pro: 
- decent food
- busy, buzzy atmosphere
Con:
- on the loud side
- service (10pm reservation on a Friday; still waited 30 min for table. No comp drink, no apology even)
- cocktails were somewhat unsatisfying
In sum, a decent albeit unspectacular option along Frankford, much like Root up the block (same people). I suspect the place has jumped the shark; recent popularity translating into poor service. I recommend avoiding for dinner, and maybe just avoiding for the next couple months.Wife and I made reservations for dinner with friends and this place was great. I won't list endless details about what we ordered. You can see from other reviews that pretty much everything is good. I'm very pleased that my 'hood has yet another "wow" restaurant (i.e Wm. Mulherin's).Delicious Lebanese food. Perfect addition to the neighborhood. They have tons of space, a full bar, and super friendly staff. The food is out of this world. The hummus, especially the mushroom hummus, is so good. THe flatbreads are great too as is the lamb and the falafel. If you like Lebanese food this is a cant miss spot.The restaurant is very nice but the food is mediocre. It tastes ok at best. I walked in thinking it was going to be a really good meal L and left disappointed. We definatelt won't be going back.Stopped in last night for a quick dinner at the bar and had the most incredible dinner I've had in Philly in the last year.  Magical and still thinking about it the next morning.  The lebna and taboule, chicken and shrimp were off the charts.  We were too full for dessert, but took home the insanely good cardamon "Kouign Amann" which I'm now having with my coffee.  Can't wait to go back again to try the grilled fish dish that I saw pass by.If I could go here everyday I would! Ambiance, friendly service, delicious Chai tea and food, cute café, lovely décor. If you haven't made your way here yet, "chop chop"!I've been a few times now.  I like their food.  So good to have a selection of places now serving manakeesh in the city. This place is pricey but the food is good quality.I can see why this restaurant is in the top 50 of new restaurants in America. The food was spot on and our server Laura was great. She knew about the various dishes on the menu and could also pronounce each dish correctly. The decor and atmosphere is also pristine.
I hope to come back before the season changes to enjoy their open air space.Awesome for Philly to have such a delicious and modern 
 Lebanese spot! Restaurant and outdoor garden coming in March. We came from center city to check it out for sunday brunch. Such a warm, welcoming, authentic atmosphere. We sat at the bar and watched them make our food - mezze plate, lahm biajin (with egg and chili), and side of fries - which was all phenomenal. Fresh and beautifully prepared, you can tell the kitchen takes great pride in their work.
My only hang up (I wanted to give 4 stars for this but the food and atmosphere is too food) is that you have to go back and wait in a long line to order a second round of drinks ! Wish that you could order from the bar instead. In any case, amazing experience, highly recommend !Rarely will you find a restaurant that would serve both an intimate date as well as a giant family affair - my visit was in the latter but it was easy to order a round of dishes family style and allow the entire 10 person party to enjoy everything this incredible restaurant has to offer. I hope to come back one day to enjoy their brunch as it seems everyone raves about it. Their front area with the pastries and cafe is adorable as well. Both a tasty dining experience, and a beautiful place to visit!SO YUMMY. Really you can't go wrong - snacks, dinner, brunch. The owners and staff are incredibly accommodating and kind. And you have to pick up some of the incredible desserts.suraya. you have me for LIFE. i'm just gonna say it. this was better than my zahav experiences. don't get me wrong, zahav is amazing but damn this place is better. make a reservation way ahead. get all your baked goods before 10:30 am. i've eaten probably a little less than 2/3 of the items off of their menu and i have not one complaint! meats are fragrant and juicy pastries aren't bogged down with heavy syrups or sugar...like you know and feel like your eating quality ingredients in everything.
just kidding i have one complaint. open your patio asapThe atmosphere and decor was very simple and beautiful, open and airy restaurant with a very nice outdoor setup. The food didn't take long, and the service was great. At one point we asked if we could get one of the wraps cut into several pieces and manager came to our table to suggest other options - we got a deconstructed beef kofta wrap and were able to make mini pitas ourselves.
True to Lebanese culture, everything is sharing-style plates. Ordered the Lahim bi ajin man'oushe, beet salad, lamb hummus, shish tawook, baba ghanoush, and beef kofta wrap. All were good, but compared to their other restaurant (Cafe la Maude) it fell a little short. And.. The bakery section was basically out of everything BUT we got the last rose and pistachio cruller and it was insanely goodAtmosphere is so cute here! All the food and drinks are phenomenal. I debated between 4 and 5 stars. The first two times I went it was really a wonderful experience. The food was out of this world, it's gorgeous, and the staff was great.  
It's gotten insanely crowded and harder to get a table which is a bummer. Also when I've called to get tables, they've been surprisingly rude. But that could just be a fluke so I'm giving them a five because honestly every thing on the menu is amazing. 
Small parking lot (free) across the street. Update: apparently they're building something there now so no more lot.A French fry lovers paradise where your sandwich has fries packed inside and then served with another side of fires. Think a Lebanese Primanti Brothers.Absolutely beautiful interior. I cannot wait for the outdoor patio to open in the nicer weather, which I heard would be a beer garden.
I've only eaten the pastries and hummous but I'm looking forward to going back for the market items. While waiting on line, a nice woman in front of me recommended the chai latte and I can't imagine drinking anything else. It's a gorgeous drink with a lovely taste. The jalousie and cruller were gobbled up.
We're really looking forward to when they extend hoursSuraya is a beautiful space and has an incredibly delicious menu. I have come here so many times and found it suitable for a gorgeous brunch spot on weekends, casual work & coffee nook, quick lunch break, and a sophisticated dinner location. 
Not only is the interior beautiful, but the food is amazing! I especially love their weekend brunch menu! Some of their must-try's are the lebanese chai latte, FRENCH FRIES, the slow-roasted lamb hummus, za'atar/onion/tomato, cheese/tomato/long hot,the manoushea, and the shish taouk. do yourself a favor and add an egg to the flatbreads! Honestly, I could live off their Lebanese chai latte. It's so beautiful to look at and also so deliciously warm and soothing. Everything at Suraya is perfectly balanced with warm and fresh flavors...and the spices are to die for!This place is definitely worth all the hype. The atmosphere and decor is beautiful. We had a reservation but still had to wait a bit, however they have a really nice "lounge" waiting area where you can order drinks while you wait. Our waitress gave us great advice for what and how much to order (there were 4 of us so we did 6 Mezze and 2 entrees and it was plenty). Everything we ordered was amazing. My favorites were the hummus, baba ganoush, raw veggie salad, and the braised lamb. We couldn't resist dessert so we got the Kanafeh which is a traditional Lebanese dessert and the chocolate coffee ice cream. Both were delicious but the Kanafeh was very unique and stuffed with cheese so I'll let that speak for itself. I'm excited to come back here to try the brunch or lunch!!Walking into Suraya, you are instantly welcomed to a spacious environment filled with modern decor, grandiose lighting, open kitchen design that is bustling with energy. From the outside looking in you would never expect such a huge setting inside! You really feel like you've walked into a new city.
We were quickly seated for Sunday Brunch and was floored by how clean and new everything looked. From the tables to floors to ceilings and walls, everything looked immaculate.
Navigating through the Lebanese cuisine was a daunting, yet fun task. As we were perusing the menu trying to figure out what we were in the mood for, we kept our eyes peeled on the open kitchen to see what was coming out. This is definitely a place where it is strongly encouraged to share your plates.
We settled for a flatbread (manousche) that was very similar to a flat bread pizza, an order of lamb hummus with fresh pita, and a sharable plate also topped with pita. Our only regret was that we did not realize how carb-heavy the meal was, but nevertheless we dug in.
The food itself was very fresh. I am used to middle eastern cuisine, so the flavors itself were not very bold or aromatic, something I felt could have made the dishes stand out. Pitas came out piping fresh from the steel oven and the spreads were all made on the spot. I really enjoyed getting my hands into the food and tasting it. My only qualm was that I got bored of the flavors quickly (as-in it didn't make me want to go dig in for more) and after a while it was just a chore trying to finish the pita breads. I will definitely come back again to try out more things, definitely need to get more meat and vegetable options! The good thing is that it is very reasonably priced compared to other Fishtown alternatives.Absolutely amazing experiential dining. As soon as I walked in I felt like I had been transported to another city. The staff is very kind and attentive, and really did an excellent job. The food was delicious and interesting. I was able to share two appetizers, an entree, and dessert with one other person and we had plenty of leftovers.This place has a nice ambiance. I had high expectations. Food was just okay. Maybe it deserves another chance. My lunch was $30. I had salad, sandwich and a Moscow mule.The staff was so good! Super friendly and charming. The food was good but I've definitely paid less for comparable food in philly. 
Pet peeve: why are the bathrooms, with fully enclosed individual stalls, gendered? It's 2018, this is fishtown, there's no reason to have gendered bathrooms.Wish I could eat here every day and give this place 10 stars!! The decorations are amazing and the food is as well!!! Everything I tried was better than expected! The only strange thing is there is no table service. You order at the bar and grab a number. Then they bring the food to where-ever you choose to sit. Excited to see the back garden area in the spring! Don't forget to try the drink specials they have!!Fantastic dinning experience ALL DAY LONG!!!
We have enjoyed lunch, cocktail at this beautiful restaurants with amazing ,unique ,tasty selections of Lebanese middle eastern cuisine, served by incredibly professional wait staff in a  Beautiful setting!!
Stopped in for a quick light dinner ~ Place was rockin on a Thursday evening ~ We enjoyed amazing grilled mushrooms, with pine nuts, as well as huge Pillowy pita. The meatballs, of some type ,were fragrant + light ~ wish we ordered another order! You will not be disappointed!
Food is priced right for the exotic ingredience, attention to detail of the service + the interior design. Outdoor dinning option looked beautiful.
We found parking spots on the street as well!! Our fav in Philly!!The Mezza dishes were great! We had the fattoush salad, hummus and grape leaves. Incredible!! The warm pita served with it was so fresh. The dinner however was very very small. For the price, I at least thought it would be a normal size portion.  All in all it was a great experience and I would definitely go back.Incredible food. Excellent decor. Adorable store front. Very spacious. Have yet to try a cocktail but i look forward to going back.Walking into the space was breathtaking.  Light, airy, inviting.
Yelpers pointed me in the direction of the mushroom hummus and they were spot-on!   The shiitakes were scrumptious and seasoned/cooked beautifully and went so so well with the creamy hummus.   This dish, including the pita,  definitely gives Dizengoff stiff competition!   My table mates also got the baba ganoush and it was equally scrumptious. 
To complete this lovely lunch was the clementine/ginger soda ... refreshing, with a great kick!
The servers were warm, gregarious and genuinely were pleased to ensure you had what you needed.  They were as excited for you to taste the plates as they brought them to the table.
Can't wait to return for dinner!Great food and ambiance!! The kanafeh is a must have!!!! The staff was friendly and helpful. They are building a beautiful garden. Can't wait until it opens.Clearly one of my favorites ... when we arrived we where greeted by 2 beautiful hostess Gisselle and Brittany which quickly took us to our table... the Restuarant is beautiful with a great outside area which is perfect for parties or weddings .... at first we decided to order just a couple dishes to share but we really couldn't stop ourselves from ordering more everything sounded amazing and interesting ..... the food was absolutely delicious !! I mean the flavors are spot on and their homemade bread you can't stop eating it ! Our cocktails were well made well balanced .... then dessert we decided to ordered all of it !! after such great flavors for dinner we knew dessert had to be incredible and we were correct ... I was able to take a picture before my guest devoured it .. lol ... definitely would recommend this restuarant and definitely will be back.I amost dont want to post a review so others wont realize how amazing this place is!!!!I first heard of Suraya from a friend who came here for dinner and having read soo many good reviews decided to stopby for brunch one weekend. This was my first time being in this part of town so it was an interesting experience. We started out with the crispy chickpea hummus, which as everyone has stated tasted amazing! I also got the falafel sandwich which was also good. Their rosewater lemonade is like a taste of heaven, i love how it smells just like roses and its sour! This place was so good I took my friend here for her birthday lunch the weekend after and I am sure there will be many more visits to come!When I first walked in and looked at the menu, I didn't think I was going to enjoy the food.  To my surprise I really enjoyed it and will be going back again.  I had the flat bread with cheese and I had the pita with hummus and they were amazing.  I recommend that you give them a try.From the freshly made pita to the mezze plates, and the beautiful layouts inside, they really want to make you satisfy when you get in there!  I love going to this place! Highly recommended~I arrived with the highest of expectations and everything about this place exceeded them. The atmosphere and decor, the waitstaff and their dress code, and the cuisine and culinary genius.  The food was fresh and inspired.  Unique flavors and textures. The cocktails were incredible.  I went with my two kids for Mother's Day.  It was just perfect.  Thank you for creating this space of delight, abundance and joy that feeds both body and soul.  Highest Praise for Suraya.New favorite restaurant in the area.  There was not one bad thing on the menu. The food is creative and classic all at the same time. Suraya is a must try. I cannot wait to return in warmer months so I can sit on the gorgeous patio.I love the concept of this place - am always a fan of bringing ethnic cuisine to the fast casual sphere and executing it without sacrificing quality. I came here over the weekend, and clearly many others are in the same boat. It was packed but the line moved quickly. On top of that, our food arrived quickly and seating was still ample since the restaurant space is surprisingly large. 
As for what we actually ate there, we split:
+ Hummus w/ slow-roasted lamb - The meat & toppings mix was kind of funky and gamey tasting for some reason. Not as big of a fan as I am for Dizengoff's hummus & toppings. Suraya's hummus is also more neutral-tasting.
+ Shish taouk sandwich - stuffed with chicken, french fries, and some other stuff. Not bad, but wasn't super impressed compared to other Middle Eastern fare I've had in Philly.
+ Turmeric tea - very nice and liked the spices
The baked goods counter looked incredible, and I wanted to just sample a little of everything. In fact, I came close it and got a huge bag of pastries to go:
+ Cruller - one of the best I've had!
+ Flan patissier - this had Meyer lemon in it. Wasn't a huge fan, and comparable to other egg tarts I've had
+ Jalousie - not bad. Not as buttery or flavorful as I'd hoped
+ Chocolate pistachio (financier?) - same as above.
Again, I love the concept, the incredible design of the interior, etc. However when it came down to the food, I wasn't super impressed. In an area with tons of good restaurants, I still might take my friends to give this place another spin and because it's such an interesting space/food.Hands down the best food we had while visiting Philadelphia. The restaurant was beautiful, the service was warm welcome as well as friendly and the food was incredible.From start to finish, one of the best meals I've experienced.  The aesthetics, staff, and food were out of this world...2 weeks serving dinner and they didn't miss a beat!It looks like it's all been said, but yeah, this place was wonderful!  It was a perfect meal for me and my party.  I was treating my mom and cousin to dinner and also a friend joined us.  The four of us shared everything and absolutely EVERY bite of this varied meal was deliciously flavorful with every mouthful fulfilling.  We were all impressed they weren't afraid to use flavor; not a bite was bland.  The lamb kabab was so damn juicy and flavorful I'm still thinking of it.  Both our fish dishes were heavenly.  All salads were on point.
Im so glad this place was as good as I hoped; it's rare a restaurant meets the hype and lives up to all the anticipation of their obviously wise choice to open slowly; so worth the wait.Amazing food, the only way the meal could get better is if they upgraded their wine list.
SAMKE NAYYEH: raw yellowtail, seasoned with chives,
parsley, garlic, lemon, jalapeño & labne - 9/10
FATTEH: warm chickpeas, eggplant, crispy pita & tehina yogurt * finished with almonds, cashews & brown butter - 10/10
KAWARMA: baharat rubbed lamb, grilled & slow roasted * served with a pomegranate-cucumber salad & dill yogurt - 10/10
KARUS BALADI tilefish filet marinated in parsley, cilantro &cumin, wrapped in a banana leaf & grilled * served with turmeric rice - 8/10I didn't get anything here, but this place was awesome!  Prices were so reasonable, and the atmosphere was wonderful!  Nice 'market' section, cookbooks, spices, drinks, a limited selection of packaged goods, excellent intro into Levantine cuisine, although I'd definitely do my shopping for these items at a place like Makkah Market since they likely have better prices on the market items.  I will definitely be back here for coffee, tea, pastries, or food!Suraya is a glorious and much-anticipated addition the the neighborhood. Wonderful ingredients, fresh-baked bread, good coffee, and courteous, professional service (not to mention an exquisitely designed interior). At first glance, it seems like a place that will be both a destination for people from around the city as well as a popular neighborhood spot.
As they develop and continue to build their menu, I really hope they keep a selection of items at a variety of prices so that this can be a place I come often, and not just for special occasions. I absolutely adore their brunch spot in NoLibs (Cafe La Maude), but $18.25 for an omelette puts it in the "it's someone's birthday" category. rather than the "it's Saturday" category. 
Additionally - we go to La Colombe often because it's such a relaxed place to bring our infant daughter. I'm really hoping this place turns out to be similarly family-friendly though, of course, it's totally reasonable if they're going for a different vibe.Delicious!!!  Went there twice and is in love with the food especially the beef kababs, fetteh, and fresh warm pitas!  Food the second time was a bit dry, but the flavor and spices still tasted the same.  Love how they take late reservations up until 11:30pm!  Can't wait to try breakfast where many are raving about the rose pistachio cruellers.  Will definitely eat back!Amazing and authentic Lebanese food, highly recommend the baba ghannoush and manoushe for brunch.A real neat spot with a beautiful interior.  This is a review for brunch.  I have no idea about the dinner service but I have to believe it is comparable.  
A few thoughts -
1.  This place gets VERY busy on the weekend.  We just beat the rush, and you might want to consider eating early.
2.  Do not miss the cruller.  I repeat, DO NOT MISS THE CRULLER.  it is light, airy and delicious.  Rose pistachio.  Must have, worth the trip alone.
3.  The coffee is excellent.  I often judge a brunch location based on the quality of their bottomless cup of coffee.  it tells you if they are cutting corners or how much pride they are taking in the program.  The Stumptown roast they use is of high quality and is an excellent compliment to the food.
4.  All of the food we had was delicious and everything around us looked delicious as well.  Add an egg to your manoushe.
5.  Those bowls.  They are beautiful, but unfortunately everything in my house has to be able to go in the dishwasher.  No handwash only items for me.  That being said they are worth taking a look at.Stopped in for a look-see upon recommendation from a family member. Very attractive space, friendly staff. Did not stay to eat but got two amazing containers of hummus (beet and squash) to take home. Plan to go back & eat more delicious food!This place is great ! The decor is stunning , service is good and food is delicious !we went there for brunch and everything was very delicious !  I grew up on Arabic food, so I know how it's supposed to be, and their food is the real thing ! It is a little pricey tho, and the portions are a little small . But i would still back there for the great food !This was something else. Came here for dessert and brunch. At dessert had the kunafa and banana (can't remember the full name) dishes. If you're used to overly sweet kunafa then this isn't for you. It was lightly sweet with an addition of rose syrup, absolutely great. The banana dish had a complex taste that was awesome. Capped it with a Lebanese chai, great pairing.
For brunch had the pastry basket which had 5 amazing pastries in it. The hummus too was great along with the manoushe.
The vibe inside is impressive and all the servers were wonderful. Looking forward to returning to try out some more items here.Perfect in every way.
As soon as we walked in we were greeted warmly by the staff behind the counter. Started with the Cruller with rose and pistachio. One of the best fried dough experiences I've had. I then had the Man'oushe with cheese, tomato, onion, long hot, and parsley with an egg on top. I watched as this was prepared in the wood fired oven. Absolute perfection! Wonderfully warm decor. Even the men's room was immaculate and smelled like rose water. Gregory Root really knows how to do it!I'm a fan.  And I'm a fan of pastries.  This beautiful space has excellent ones, and they serve Stumptown, which makes me happy.  Please, take note, Philly restaurants, and offer something other than burnt, burnt, burnt La Colombe Corsica- that black, oily, charcoal tasting coffee of the early aughts.  Anyway, get the cruller.  It's an expensive donut, but man, do I want more of this particular expensive donut.Highly recommend the superb brunch at Suraya! A group of 7 of us tasted almost everything on the menu, and it was all incredible. The chai latte...the brunch cocktails....the labne and babaganoush! Heavenly. My favorite dishes were the gravlax flatbread and the pastry basket, which included an unbelievable assortment of baked goods. This is my favorite spot in Philly hands down.It's good, but overpriced. Not enough to blow you away for the price. Zahav is amazing and is worth the money. This place is okay, but not worth it. 
The place is gorgeous and the prophet cocktail is very good! But I don't think I'll be back for dinner
I'll come back In the future for coffee and pastries during the morning. Or just to sit at the bar for cocktailsI love Mediterranean food, but among standard fare, even the best rarely surprises. This is where Suraya stands out. Even staples like babaganoush and hummus are elevated here, offering nuanced layers of flavor incomparable to what I've found elsewhere. I'll be dreaming of this spot as I try to reverse engineer these items from home. Also: the cruller is as good as they say -- don't miss it.Suraya is, beyond a reasonable doubt, the best restaurant experience in Philadelphia and soon to become the next Zahav! Everything from management to the wait staff to the food (especially arak cocktails) and ambiance was top notch and I strongly recommend coming here before the waitlist starts to grow in respect to its popularity.
Must get: literally every mezza, specifically kibbeh, samke, sawdat, strawberry cake
Meh: fatteh, 
Missed: larger meats/fish and brunch?
First of all, I am incredibly impressed by the entire staff at Suraya. At the moment we arrived, we were greeted by Gregory (the manager) to cater to our seating requests in the most courteous and accommodating manner. Our waitress, Siobhan was also very helpful and replaced our water and utensils at a frequent interval. Furthermore, she allowed the food to come out at a slow but deliberately paced manner that allowed us to recover from each culinary experience. The entire ambiance reminded me of a lounge from the movie Casablanca, albeit, a bit loud depending on the number of patrons.
In terms of the food, my wife and I elected to do the Mezza tasting and only try one main meal. This is one of the only time in which I think less food would have been more preferable. This is crazy, but we definitely ordered enough food for 3-4 people, whereas the same menu at other expensive joints would have barely sufficed for 1-2. Our favorites were the sawdat djej (sauteed chicken liver) and the kibbeh nayyeh.  The raw lamb, mixed and mashed with onion, basil and marjoram blew us out of the water with this unique mouthfeel and scintillating aroma. Personally, I absolutely loved the sawdat, particularly because I was astounded on how the chefs were able to take something as strong and fatty as liver, and deliver it in a manner that made me question the very food I was eating. It felt like eating a liver-roe that exploded into a burst of rich umami flavors that was immediately cut down with the strong acidity from the pomegranate and lemon juice. To be honest, our dish had 6-7 pieces when all we needed was...I don't know, 1 or 2. Don't forget, you can get fresh pita from the oven at any point, and I love how they sprinkle just hints of salt and spices to keep you coming back. I didn't like the Fatteh such much, as it felt more like a messy, rich tortilla salad, and that just felt too much after the heavy dishes like lamb and chicken liver.
As for the drinks, I strongly recommend the arak cocktails as the anise flavor is definitely helpful and provides the needed break from the heavy dishes.
Overall, I strongly recommend Suraya for any foodies and definitely call early to set a reservation. I have also heard great things about brunch here, and that may lead to a revisit.
Food: 5 stars
Service: 5 stars
Price: 4-5 stars
Ambiance: 4-5 starsWent for brunch and had a spectacular time. Food was extraordinary, service was friendly and quick, decor was beautiful. The pastries were incredible, I've never seen lamination that perfect. 
Went back for dinner and it was a complete disappointment. 
The price was ridiculous. I ate at Vedge two days before and spent almost twice as much at Suraya. Overly salted mushrooms, it's almost impossible to mess up hummus so that's not impressive, my husband had the liver, it smelled like cat food. I wanted to love this place and I didn't. 
Dessert came out and it all became very clear. The pastry chef is the star of the show. Everything James Beard nominee James Matty touches is spectacular. My satisfaction with Suraya depended on Matty's attention, if he didn't make it, I didn't like it. 
Save yourself the money and go for the pastries and desserts only. 
There is plenty of other James Beard talent in philly who can skillfully make you a dinner you'll love.I have been wanting to try Suraya out for awhile. Made reservations on opentable for a Friday night. It was pretty busy when we got there so make sure you have reservations on the weekend. It's such a pretty restaurant with a great atmosphere. Perfect for a date night. The food was delicious especially the hummus and grilled prawn dish. Honestly the grilled prawn dish was one of the best dish I had in awhile. It was grilled with the head still on and the head of the prawn is my favorite part to eat. It has so much flavor. I'm so glad there's a restaurant that isn't afraid to cook the entire shrimp! The sauce that was drizzle on it gave it so much more flavor. All the dish is made to share and we ordered 3 different dishes on the menu to share and it was enough for both of us. All the dish comes with fresh pita bread. I also ordered a few cocktails and it just made my meal even more complete. Thanks for a nice date night!been eyeing Suraya for so long and finally had the chance to check it out. came here during a wednesday noon and there was already a big line when we went in. It is such a cute restaurant with a great atmosphere. when you first walk in you order at the counter and take your number sign to find a seat. water and utensils are self served. 
we ordered the traditional hummus(comes with two pitas), two extra pitas and the Lebanese chai latte. the Lebanese chai latte came in the cutest mugs and was good but the main star for us was def the hummus and pitas. they were are absolutely delicious!!! could have it all day if i can, no joke! 
cannot wait to come back and try all the other amazing foods they have.The service is great, had a hard time finding a time to make my reservation because they are always packed, food was great, elegant and detailed orientedSecond time here and want to come more and more! It's nice to come to place when you feel the atmosphere and professionalism. Was expected a lot and didn't get disappointed - and it's very important for us. High quality of ingredients, welcoming staff, amazing decor of the place. Me and my husband definitely will be coming here often, luckily we live in the neighborhood:)A date night I'll never forget.
I feel like I've walk past this place at least a dozen times and not once did it give away that it was this palace on the inside. If you come here please do yourself a favor and check out the garden out back it's an experience, the seating choices range from cushiony to hard bottom all options are giving you an opportunity to take in its splendor view. Even still it feels naturally connected to the rest of the restaurant. 
The food was delicious vegetarian options were plenty, I felt like I died and went to spice heaven. My partner had the Lamb I enjoyed the Bass and we both had nothing to say the entire meal because we were too busy stuffing our faces lol. 
Needless to say my date was magical and delicious and if your looking for a place to blow her mind without blowing your wallet, take her here!I went to Ottolenghi not that long ago and if I could only return to one, I think I might pick Suraya.  The cocktails and grape leaves were merely good, otherwise the food is beyond excellent.  Particular favorites include the muhammara, fried mushrooms, and chickpea and eggplant.  The fresh pita that come with everything is a perfect vehicle for corralling the multitudinous meze you will order here.  
The interior is very well designed and seems like it would be a comfortable place to enjoy a meal at any time of day.My friend and I had been wanting to try Suraya and were pleasantly surprised to score a reservation on a Saturday night. 
After checking in we did have to wait a few minutes for our table which was a small two top in the very back. The patio was closed but looked like an awesome place to dine. 
The best dish we had all night was the fatteh, a warm brown butter chickpea dip served with pita. The batata harra (crispy potatoes), fried kibbeh (ground beef dumplings), and turmeric rice were all delicious as well. 
I personally would not order the muhammara (red pepper and walnut dip) or the ground lamb kabob again. 
The kabobs were served with a side of charred tomatoes, onions, and peppers which were perfect on top of the rice. I wish I could make vegetables that taste that good at home. 
By the end of the meal we were both completely stuffed. I am anxious to come back and try brunch at Suraya, which I heard is their specialty!I had an amazing experience at Suraya. This restaurant offers incredible brunch options. I ordered a mimosa and a chai latter. Both were exceptional. Highly recommend everyone to give it a try. 
Place is not romantic but great for groups and friends.Been here a few times. Really enjoyed it every time. Make sure to grab one of their "rose/pistachio" donuts if they aren't already sold out! 
Staff is phenomenal. Would love to hire any and all of them for my business!I was excited to try a new Lebanese/Mediterranean place in the city as I'm Lebanese but I was so disappointed. The food isn't authentic, it's Americanized. The service was fine, but due to the underwhelming food, and overpriced menu I won't be back. Also, they don't have traditional Lebanese coffee, or baklawa, but they have peanut butter hot chocolate?! I don't get it.This place is great because it is the only (Lebanese?) restaurant on Frankfurt Ave. I don't like to walk that far from my apartment because I was born with an inherent laziness I have yet to learn how to shake, and this place is pretty "in the thick of it" in Fishtown. Suraya stops serving food at 330pm, which I cannot rationalize, as they have an enormous, dining-oriented space. I spent a good 15 minutes zoned out at my table mulling over their business model and how it doesn't financially pan out. 
The prices are high, but the food is pretty unique and includes fresh ingredients. Though when you order the "Mezze plate" be aware that is comes with a bowl of chopped vegetables that are secretly resting on ice cubes. I found it fascinating that while I drank my glass of red wine (+1 star for their liquor license), my small salad sunk into what I thought was maybe a pool of succulent middle eastern dressing, but was really just melted ice. Please note they charge an additional 1 dollar for chili oil, which my family found blasphemous. My father has, "worked hard for a dollar every day of his damn life and will be f****** struck down by God's own light if he's going to spend that money on a tiny bowl of spicy indian oil." Though archaic in delivery, I can see his point. When I suggested that maybe we should "just go to Applebee's," my hipster brother pitched a fit and my dad responded with, "Oh why don't you go spin your vinyl soundtrack of Dallas Buyers Club in your room;" so here we are, silently eating foods we cannot pronounce.
Overall 7.5/10 experience, subtractions for the high prices and limited hours, additions for the liquor license and Counter Girl patience regarding my verbally unbridled PáPa.Disclaimer: I grew up in Egypt, and have a high standard for middle-eastern food.
This place greets you with an expansive space thats beautifully decorated. There is an open kitchen, a bakery and gift shop in the front, with seating in the middle and back, including an outdoor seating area. The staff are all very knowledgeable. I came for brunch after several friends recommended it. My girlfriend and I split the baba ganoush to start - creamy, eggplant coming through clearly, well balanced by the sweetness of the pomegranate seeds. I had the shish tawaook as my main course, a wrap filled with seasoned chicken, fries, toum (a garlic sauce), and coriander. This reminded me of home more than any other middle-eastern dish I've had in years. I highly recommend it, the balance of flavors and different textures is on point. My girlfriend had zaatar with egg, tomatoes, and onions, and it was equally delicious. Their oven makes all their breads on the spot so the bread is just as appreciated in each dish. We finished with a rose water and pistachio crueller - fluffy, not overly sweet, and a perfect finish to a perfect meal. Don't sleep on their espresso drinks either - their baristas are top notch. Well done, Suraya. Shokran, we will be back!Great addition to the Philadelphia food scene. Will definitely be going back. 
Pros:
Food was delicious - some of the best Mediterranean food I've had in Philadelphia. Great variety. Everything is very light and the portions are appropriately sized.
Decor is fantastic, and to top it off they're working on opening up the patio in the future. 
Great little market with spices, chocolate, olive oil, and other specialty cooking items.  
Servers are very kind and attentive.
Cons:
We went for brunch on a Saturday so take this with a grain of salt but I feel that an established restaurant should be able to handle busy times, especially with such a large seating area. 
Made a reservation for 1:30 for 5 people. Didn't get seated until 1:55, which is fine except they said the kitchen closes at 2PM which made us very nervous/anxious. 
The 5 things we ordered came out at various times and we're pretty sure they completely forgot to make my friends sandwich until we asked where it was. 
They missed a couple things that the table ordered.  
Regardless, will definitely be back and highly recommend to everyone.My husband and I just had a brunch here. The place is really lovely and the staff are very friendly. Baba ganoush is served with Pita bread and the taste is phenomenal! Definitely bring friends over here again.Amazing food!   Went for dinner and enjoyed it all.  Great drinks, apps and entrees.   The coffee was even incredible.   Well done!It's not every day that I can say a restaurant is truly fantastic. But this is one of those restaurants. It is absolutely beautiful inside and outside (patio) as well. The outdoor patio is a beautiful oasis. Although we did not eat at the outside patio since they do not serve dinner, only drinks and snacks, we did check it out and will be back for drinks in the future. We ordered several appetizers and a delicious lamb main dish. Somehow we were able to have room for the lemon curd based dessert. The food and the service were outstanding. The food seem to be very middle eastern inspired although the restaurant only occasionally played Middle Eastern music and the decor was not middle eastern themed. The restaurant does have an parking right next-door to it. It doesn't look like it's paved or have any lines in it so I'm not sure how many cars it actually fits. It was hard to tell which part of the parking lot was theirs and which was the neighboring buildings. Street parking is available but again unless you know the neighborhood you may be circling around and it may be more trouble than it's worth. We parked at the lot at 1320 N. Front St. for $20 (weekend rate)... well worth it.Definitely my new favorite place to eat brunch in the Philly area. The venue is stunning and really bright. The Labne was absolutely delicious. The rose pistachio cruller was lightly sweet but absolutely amazing. Will definitely be coming back soon!Stuck-up staff, and the food at Zahav is way better than Suraya's for comparable prices. Boo-urnsWe finally made it to Suraya after a 3 month wait, and surprisingly it was worth it. When you walk in, you are immediately greeted by this beautiful decor. My best friend and I went to Suraya earlier for cocktails and had the pleasure of sitting outside in their courtyard. Everything is very "instagram-able". But, the decor isn't the highlight. The food is. It feels like mediterranean with a twist. It's not your regular hummus + lamb dish. It's a little extra. The service was also on point. Overall, it definitely deserves this year's title of best restaurant in Philadelphia.Fantastic Lebanese brunch!! Charming interior - there is a pastry and coffee stand when you walk in where you can grab and go. In that same room, you can find all sorts of trinkets, including sauces, teas, ceramics, clothing for purchase. As you enter the restaurant, there is a bar area, plenty of tables and an open kitchen. Waiters walk around in tan T-shirts that read Suraya, Yalla, or Habibi on them - super cute and was tempted to buy one for myself! Everything from the lighting to the decor and music felt very authentic. 
As for the food, the menu is super interesting. I was unfamiliar with many of the items on the menu, but quickly learned that you can't really go wrong with anything you order. We ordered the pastry basket to share - the cruller was my personal favorite! Then we ordered the baba ganoush, man'oushe with zatar, cheese and egg, sish taouk, and beet salad with falafel. Super tasty, creative presentation and great service! The hairblended drink coffee was also delicious with hints of citrus and dark chocolate. 
Excited to come back and check Suraya out for dinner sometime!I was expecting big things...and it didn't quite deliver.
The Good:
The atmosphere was AMAZING. They really did a great job with the decor and feel of place. I am dying to go back to try the lattes and pastries from the front of the house coffee shop. The outdoor garden area looks gorgeous and I'm sure would be a favorite spot in the warmer months. The food was decent. A couple of standouts, but overall, just okay. The drinks were also good. I had the Lace & Linens and loved it.They do have a parking lot on Front which is helpful when in Fishtown.
The Bad:
We had a reservation but still had to wait an additional half hour. I didn't really care for most of the meat dishes. Seating was nice, but when the table next to us received their two orders of Dorado, the whole restaurant must have known. After my reaction to the smell, my husband suggested I take a pregnancy test. I am not, in fact, pregnant. Just be warned...it is a very strong smell. 
What we ate:
Fatteh - probably one of the very best dishes I've ever had. This is what redeemed this place for me. The flavors are so simple, but together are just amazing.
Muhammara - liked this dip a lot. Different than what we normally would get like a Hummus or something similar.
Makanek - I did not like this. My husband said it was okay, but would have been better with more than just a sausage.
Fried Kibbeh - I did not like this. My husband did.
Kafta Kebab - this was okayWe drove all the way from North Jersey to visit this place. Reminded me of the middle east. The food was so simple and fresh as arabic food should be. Everything was light, fresh, tasty and beautifully plated. This is like moms cooking, the fresh bread that baked off before it gets to your table is what makes this place worth a visit. 
If you like arabic food, you'll love Suraya.One of the best meals I've had in a long time. Simply awesome...we ordered everything and it was all amazing. We would definitely recommend for a date, social night out or celebration. Make a reservation.Food was generally good although I wasn't as blown away as I was hoping to be.
The mushrooms were delicious and meaty although some pieces were dried out from being over roasted.
The baba ganoush was quite good and the pomegranate was a nice touch. tbh didn't think it was that much better than my favorite takeout spot in NYC (Sahara's) but it was still good
The fatteh is delicious and rich and buttery, and you really do taste the brown butter. Probably horrible for you but it's so yummy.
Only gripe is that they don't do takeout for dinner since their kitchen is too busy.Authentic middle eastern delicious fare. We came here for brunch near noon on Sunday and were graciously greeted and seated immediately. The decor is very clean crisp. I ordered a falafel platter, three fresh made falafels with hummus, tabouli, a fresh pita and some fries. I'd say the fries to be the only part I didn't love, a little too greasy. My wife had the chocolate yogurt; sprinkled with pistachio, dried cherries, honey, mint  and cocoa powder. Crisp flavor and would've liked the bowl if we weren't in public. We shall return for dinner one evening and try some of the meat offerings. Great addition to the neighborhood.Brunch here is amazing! Everything is so fresh and authentic tasting. The dishes are unique and flavorful. I would love to try the dinner!This restaurant is much larger than I expected, and they are expanding outdoors soon into a garden with lots of family-style seating.  The décor is modern and tasteful and there is a lot of sound dampening material in the ceiling but it's still fairly loud but not too bad.
There were quite a few "rules" that I felt could have been dispensed with such as:  you can't stand at the bar, you can't be seated until your whole party is here, if you want a drink while you're waiting go to the back of the restaurant in a waiting room and someone will take your order.  We found out all these rules because did all of the above bad things, ha ha.
We did get drinks and fairly quickly!  My cocktail had arak in it and bubbly and an aperitif that was a cross between Aperol and Campari.  Tasty.  The service was well done and efficient all night actually and the food was paced well.
I'm not sure if anyone has compared Suraya to Zahav (Philly's best Israeli/middle east restaurant whose chef has won many awards) but it beats Zahav in a few categories and not others.
Suraya's hummus is good, it has great spices and green herbs on it but it is just hummus.  Their baba ghanoush is excellent, great smoky flavor and some pomegranate seeds on top.  We had 6 mezzes and all were great.  The chicken livers were amazing, the sauce was beautiful and the livers perfectly cooked.  The chick pea eggplant combo salad (forgot the name) was out of this world, one of our favorites.  Spicy potatoes with long hots were very good.
We ordered only two mains due to the amount of mezzes, the lamb and the whole fish.  The lamb was melt in your mouth tender and had a perfect crust on top with tons of flavor.  Yoghurt and cucumber accompanied it.  The fish I thought was slightly overdone but the sauce was great.
Suraya is everything people are saying it is, but I was almost disappointed that it is so large, it's hard to explain but sometimes it's hard to believe a large place can be so good!An amazing dining experience. The flavors, ingredients, and even the texture of dishes created a unique and enjoyable meal. Even the drink selection was impressive. We ordered drinks, appetizers, and main dishes...dessert. Everything was great! The price is on the higher side but it's worth it.We were celebrating Birthday in this venue. Checkin was a bit chaotic and since place was packed it was also a bit noisy but besides that our experience here was nothing short of 5 stars. Excellent service who knows inside out each meal and each drink and also can give great recommendations which in my case were spot on. Food was beyond delicious and every bite tasted like heaven in my mouth. Very flavorful. Ambiance  with dimmed lights also had its special feel to it. Not a place I can afford to dine at every week but I will be back.Suraya was one of the most anticipated restaurants to open in Philadelphia in 2017. I had read about it, and I love Cafe La Maude and was really excited to get there. I really don't know why I waited so long but after a few months of not getting to Suraya, we finally ceased an opportunity on a Sunday afternoon in May for our first visit.
Suraya is fairly large space and it is well designed and beautiful. It is also a refined and comfortable setting. The entire staff was very attentive friendly and helpful. The menu is diversified without being too large. We ordered the slow roasted lamb hummus, the éclat chocolate yogurt and the beet salad. All three dishes were excellent and with a delicious array of flavors. Everything was very memorable and that is hard to find these days. The pastries were outstanding also, especially this short bread Lebanese crack thing with a pistachio filling. If you like short bread and pistachio. find this on the menu and order it. Maybe order two.
I was very impressed with Suraya and hope to get back here very soon for dinner.My first experience here (for lunch) was shortly after they opened and was less than satisfactory. Food took forever to arrive and was cold. Greg the owner reached out to me directly to apologize and make things right. I finally got a chance to give Suraya another shot and I was blown away. Service was spot on- attentive yet not overbearing. Timing was perfect and nothing was rushed. Atmosphere was A+, food was A++ Everything we ordered was delish and flavorful. I could eat here everyday and be a happy camper. Just absolutely spot on across the board. Truly the best dining experience I have had in a while. Dessert was incredible to boot! Ill be back to eat my way through this menu!A GREAT addition to the neighborhood. Wonderful ambiance, pastries, tea/coffee and lunch. We sat near the kitchen and I wanted to eat everything that was brought out! I didn't know what most of it was but it all looked delicious! I look very forward to my next visit, and especially to sitting on the patio when it's warmer. Also, there is a free parking lot across the street (Suraya customers only) which is a huge bonus. My only complaint is that they aren't open for dinner.Seriously, the most beautiful restaurant I've eaten in. We ate here for weekend brunch with a 4 year old, 2 year old, and 14 month old. Definitely make reservations. Stroller friendly, had high chairs but no kids menu. We ordered several flatbreads, the green salad, the Lebanese omelette, and the crispy chickpea hummus. Everything was amazing! I could eat the green salad and omelette every day - so bright and fresh. The cheese flatbread was great for the kids. The coffee menu was excellent and the spiced chai was warm and delicious (could have done without the dried rose petals). Will definitely be visiting again. There's a beautiful garden outside with tons of seating and it's a nice area to let the kids explore.Their food is very tasty -- their desert yogurt is extraordinary.. The restaurant is both vegan-friendly and vegetarian-friendly. However, portions are small, the prices are a little high and they are quite busy. All in all, this would be a good place for a breakfast date or for meeting friends.Came for an anniversary dinner and was really impressed! Service was impeccable. The nightingale cocktail was refreshing. Very easy for vegetarians! Got the labne, baba ganoush, fatteh, battata harra, and fatar meshwi.  Apples and ashta for dessert.
Definitely a place to come back!Delightfully delicious food served by terrific staff who are eager to help with food selection. 
This is a MUST GO place! I've been there several times and I've never been disappointed! There is a small parking lot in the back which, in this neighborhood, is certainly a plus! It'll thrill your taste buds and amaze your tastebuds! Yummy to the MAX!Shout out to Sari Marissa G. and other Yelpers who recommended this amazing place. This place really lives up to all the hype. My wife ,daughter ,and I really enjoyed our lunch experience here today.          They have a large parking lot which is free in the back,in warmer weather you can access the restaurant through the outdoor seating area, but in winter months this area is closed and you need to walk around the corner to the front on Frankford Avenue to get in. 
     The decor is lovely. The entrance has a take-out area for coffee,tea and pastries along with a section selling various Lebanese goodies and cookbooks they also have a selection of handmade dishes that are used in the restaurant for sale. 
       There is a large bar area with plenty of seating and an open kitchen where you can watch all the delicious food being prepared. 
         Speaking of delicious food, we started off with appetizers, the Slow Roasted Lamb Hummus with mint and Baharat spice could not have been better. The Hummus was creamy and the lamb tender and full of flavor. We also asked for Fattouch which was not on the lunch menu which was prepared for us anyway. The salad of chopped tee vegetables with toasted pita was dressed with a lemon pomegranate vinaigrette with lots of juicy pomegranate chunks. 
        My daughter ordered the Shish Taouk Sandwich which contained yogurt marinated chicken. It came with a side of spiced French fries. I tasted some and the flavor combination with the pickles was soo good. 
       My Herb Falafel sandwich was also perfect, it also had the pickled vegetables with tarator spice and parsley. The Falafel was perfectly cooked, crunchy on the outside and creamy on the inside. 
         I ordered the Cashew Dikkah Egg. It was a poached egged covered in ground cashews with several spices. It was interesting but I don't think I would order it again. 
          Everyone shared The Za'atar Pizza with tomato and pronounced it delicious. There was enough to take home along with extras of the excellent pita bread. 
            Even though we were all quite full we saved room for dessert. We all loved the Cruller with Rose and Pistachio coating. It was moist and light. The Kouign Amann was made with Green Cardamom and had a crunchy candy like top. The Lebanese Chai Latte was the best version I have ever had. It was presented in a beautiful hand made mug that I wish they sold in their storefront shop. It was super creamy and topped with rose petals. My daughter had the Tehina Hot Chocolate topped with cotton candy. 
       This will be a frequent stop for my family. If you have not tried it please stop in. You will not regret it.Great ambiance and decoration--a really cool space in Philadelphia.  Such a find.
We went this past Saturday around 730-8 pm.  There was about 45 min wait for a table.  Luckily we found a couple of seats at the bar to have drinks and appetizers.  As we finished appetizers a table opened up and we were seated within 15 minutes--so it all worked out great.
For appetizers, the Samke (yellowtail with chives and lemon) which was amazing.  The Hummous and the mushrooms with cilantro were also nice.  The Kibbeh (beef dumplings) was my least favorite, but they were quite savory.  Once we sat at our table, we ordered a fish dish, the beef kabobs, and the roasted lamb.  The portions are quite small, but my favorite was the lamb.  the beef kabobs were ok as well as the fish, but the ambiance more than made up for it.
glad to have come.Great food and service. They sat us without a reservation with no fuss because space was available. The lamb was amazing, along all the other dishes we orders. Our waitress was really friendly and attentive. The wine selection was good, my only qualm was the cocktails were not the same quality level as the food in my opinion. Will go again.Tips-
1. Check Open Table often!  We got a last minute table for 2 on a Saturday night.  And unlike other Philly restaurants, they put all their available tables on Open Table.
2. Decide how much Mezze you can handle.  Its easy to go overboard and spoil your appetite.  But they are SO.DAMN.GOOD.
We've heard so much about this place and it did not disappoint.  The inside is gorgeous- the cafe and marketplace take you to another place (Beirut?).  The bar is ornate and sexy, and all the cocktails look fabulous.  And when the weather warms up, I am so excited for garden season.  
Our service was excellent.  The cocktail list is interesting, including a section including all "Arak" based cocktails- we're saving those for our next visit.  I had the Lace and Linens- a fun spin on a St. Germain + Prosecco drink, and the man had an inventive Moscow Mule type drink, the Builder of Bridges.
Next course- break bread with lots of Mezze.  Well, not too much as its easy to spoil your appetite because they are so delicious, and its such a fun family style way to eat.  But the hot out of the oven bread (you can see them making it), readily refilled, accompanied by all sorts of yummy dips could be a meal unto itself.  The Fatteh was my favorite.  For dinner I had the New Caledonia Prawns, which were huge and fresh (but a bit messy), along with a side of rice recommended by our server.  The man had Halabi Kebab- lamb with a huge size of mixed veggies and a mini hummus.  Lamb is not my favorite but he really enjoyed the dish- and the portion was very generous.
The staff can help guide the # of plates, and recommend family style dining.  We did 3 Mezze and 2 entrees with a rice side.  We were ready to be rolled out of there, and opted for herbal tea instead of dessert.  Next time maybe fewer Mezze and room for dessert?
Try this place, you will see and eat things that are new, exciting and delicious!The place is really cute, plenty of space and nice decor! The food is amazing and the staff are really polite and quick to offer a suggestion. I expected a few more options on the lunch menu, but don't get me wrong it was all good. I will certainly go back and recommend this place to others.Whether you go in for a drink or a full meal you won't be disappointed!  The first time we went we did the tasting menu which didn't leave anyone hungry.  Everything tasted amazing. Service was top notch!  Two of our guests are very into whiskey and the waitstaff came over with a few tastings of different whiskey as well as engaged in a discussion/education. This extra step makes Suraya stand out.  The second time we went we sat our back (besides the noises from the El you would think you're in a whole different country). It's nice to have such a beautiful escape like Suraya!  Would recommend without hesitation.Like stepping into a Lebanese backyard or grandma's home- it has the same warmth and hospitality. Brilliantly decorated to every detail. Would recommend getting a bunch of small plates to share. We went for brunch and easily the star of the show was the dukkan egg and the Lebanese omlette.A really professional restaurant in a up and coming neighborhood with excellent food and vibes. Haven't tried anything that I haven't loved. Each member of the staff is nice and well trained. Will be going back soon and often!I have been here twice now. Once for brunch and once for dinner. For brunch we got the crep lox. It was fabulous. For dinner we had a variety of kabobs and salads. However my favorite was the dessert. I have no idea what it was as it was brought out as a treat for my birthday but if you see something similar to what posted below labeled dessert. Order it! Also can not forget about the rose water anything. This is just a fantastic restaurant with an amazing ambiance.Amazing menu and atmosphere. We sat at the bar for full-service and enjoyed a few drinks too. If you don't sit at the bar you have to wait in line and order and find a table. 
Hummus was delicious,  fresh pita was served with it. I also ordered a Beet salad and added chicken. It was also enjoyable.We are visiting in Philadelphia from California.  My son took us here for our 28 year wedding anniversary. All the food was delicious and the service was great! Everyone that worked there seemed happy to be there and we're extremely friendly! The pita bread was baked to order and served directly from the oven to the table and was by far, the best I'd had. The hummus, tabbouleh and marinated veggies were all Amazing! The grilled mixed mushrooms and lamb sausage were so flavorful! We didn't have anything that wasn't delicious! If I ever come back to Philly,  I would definitely go back to this place! SO GOOD!!Best food ever! The sea bass was amazing! Our waiter was so knowledgeable and helped us understand the menu. Great atmosphere. I would go again in a heart beat. Book your reservations well in advanceVisited suraya on a Wednesday night not knowing what to expect. Decided on the tasting menu, not knowing which options would suit my tastes. You will not leave hungry. I absolutely recommend getting the Fatteh. It's taste and texture cannot be topped! 
Wonderful service throughout the evening by welcoming staff. If you have the chance, request to be seated with Zack!I went here for Saturday brunch with a large group. The staff was very accommodating to our party and helpful answering questions about the menu. The poor waiter probably had to answer every question 3 times for each area of the long table. And each time he did so pleasantly and excitedly about the menu. You could tell that he was passionate about the food, which got our party excited to try just about everything! Everything was delicious, from the pastry basket, to the coffee, to the fabulous flatbreads. Our group was there for quite some time, and able to enjoy every bite while having great conversations. Not once did we every feel rushed out or asked if we were ready for the check. It felt like a such a welcoming place where not only did they serve great food, but also a let the meal be such a great shared experience among close friends.Food was about ok for the price. Extremely expensive and food was not up to the mark. Have had better quality Mediterranean food.
Also, did not find a lot of vegetarian or vegan options so they have a very limited menu!Dined at the cafe area twice and won't be back.
* bland food
* insane prices (17 dollars for a tiny, tasteless chicken kebab sandwich??)
* robotic, cagey counter help
Perhaps the restaurant area is more enticing, but you'll have to let me know. They're laughing all the way to the bank 
ps. It kinda goes without saying, but Fishtown's nouveau riche is on full display here.What an amazing place in Philly! I think Philadelphia restaurant scene is getting better and better each day. So this place has been on my "need to visit" list for some time now. We finally ended up going there for a date night. We had a reservation and were made to sit in the nice waiting area in the back until our table was ready. 
Now to the food. It's absolutely DELICIOUS. They have a brick oven that's constantly churning the softest and yummiest pitas I've ever tried. We ordered a whole bunch of appetizers and Adana kebab for entree. Everything was finger licking good. They have a very good drinks menu too. 
I hear they're very good for lunch and brunch and I'm definitely going to prioritize going there soon. Must visit place for Philadelphia residents. You won't be disappointed.What a delightful surprise - from start to finish - everything was delicious. The space is decorated with an open and airy atmosphere.  The starters are so yummy - served with the best homemade pita bread. Worth the trip to Fishtown.Amazing food and amazing service. I don't have much knowledge of Lebanese food, but everything was very tasty. The wait staff was seamless and our waitress was knowledgeable on all of the dishes and could easily answer any questions we had. 
The atmosphere of the restaurant was very nice. We sat inside the restaurant but the other seating choices was a kitchen bar where you could see food prepared and the outside garden both of which seemed like nice choices. 
We opted to have the tasting menu for dinner. You get a little of many dishes and for the price I think it's the best way to go. You will definitely leave there full. The main courses are small, but you get a lot of food overall. There was nothing I didn't enjoy but I'd definitely recommend the Samke Nayyeh, Fatteh, and the Kawarma. Would definitely recommend trying it out.This is one of the best Mediterranean/Lebanese restaurants on the East Coast. The mezze and desserts are excellent for both brunch and dinner. 
My only criticism of this place is that it has become almost impossible to go there unless you plan 3 weeks in advance.  Perhaps it's a testament to how good it is but would be nice if it was more accessible.Came here for my father in laws birthday dinner. First of all, they seated us near the area where staff go to fetch silverware/dishes/bathroom. Right away this did not get me excited to try out a restaurant that a lot of my friends raved about. We ordered a variety of hot and cold appetizers. The hummus and babaganoush were bland. The fried kibbeh was delicious. The addition of raisins were a little bit different from what we are used to. The batata harra was hands down my favorite part of the entire meal. Potatoes with a spicy sauce. Delicious! The fattouch salad was also pretty good. The rest of the table ordered the kibbeh nayyeh and were not impressed. Too much garnish, not enough raw lamb. For entrees I got the samke harra. Probably the best entree out of the table. Perfectly cooked fish in a spicy tomato based sauce. My husband got the kawarma and enjoyed it. The only downside of his meal was the tasteless turmeric rice. We finished off our meal with the kanafeh. Warm and crispy! I also ordered the banana, Tehina, and shamandar for fun. Try it if you're into "different". Overall, my Lebanese father in law was not impressed. My fish entree was pretty good. The pita bread was on the money, as were the batatas harra. The ambience was nice. Would I return? Probably not.Our expectations of this hot restaurant were very high and the reality failed to live up to them. First, we arrived 30min early to enjoy a cocktail at the bar, when we were told that there's a 2 hour wait for the seat at the bar. Apparently, the bar area is strictly for walk-ins for food, not drinks. So we stood awkwardly with our coats, because there is no coat check and nowhere to sit (or get a drink) while we waited. I've never been to a restaurant that wouldn't allow customers to get a drink at the bar (I mean, don't most restaurants make more $$$ off the bar than on food!). When we finally got seated, we waited over 20 minutes to get our drinks. UGH! The food turned out to be mediocre at best. The hummus was blah (we've made better hummus at home from scratch). Our entrees were so tiny (portion size) and my Kawarma (braised lamb) was 50% fat. Final analysis, it's a nice space, but don't plan on getting drinks at the bar before your reservation and don't count on getting full or going back!Suraya is perfect.  Food is amazing, service is good, decoration is special and the desserts are outstanding Very very nice place.  It's hard to make reservation since it's popular and I completely understand.  We ordered humus babaganoush lamb beef  chickpeas and they are excellent.  Love this place.From the amazing dishes and spot on service, one of the best dining experiences I've had in quite some time. Well done and looking forward to returning real soon.One of the best meals I have ever had. Everything was outstanding. Went with a big group so split lots of different things and every single dish was delicious! Highly recommend.I was blown away by this place. The atmosphere is lovely, the Falafel is some of the best I've had, and this rose petal chai latte was a beautiful surprise. Highly recommended as a special treatI went twice: lunch with a friend and dinner with a group. Both were excellent. Food, drinks and service didn't disappoint. The dishes were unique and delicious. Some places put all their effort into serving aesthetically pleasing dishes but the taste is mediocre at best. Not here!The reason for my 1 star review it's because I checked if they're open (it was Sunday) and on Yelp it says they open until 10pm. I drove all the way down to the city from king of Prussia (40 min away and extra 20 min to find a parking spot) and I came only for the restaurant! I got there at 2:25pm so excited to order my food and they told me they closed the kitchen at 2pm. Wtf?? It's definitely my last time in this place! (Bad customer service)I love the ambience of this place, and the food is also delicious.  You can tell the owner have put a lots of love into this place.My younger sister selected this place for a birthday dinner, and what a selection it was for the four of us.
The whole dinner wound up being a generally communal affair - no dish stayed in front of one person for too long, and I think that's generally the right way to go about eating here. Everything we had deserves some recognition, so let's do it seriatim.
The Drinks:
We each ordered a drink - I ordered the Nightingale, which had a delightful anise flavor that neatly concealed its high alcohol content. I also sampled the Prophet and the Poet, which were both excellent and carefully crafted drinks that dovetailed nicely with our food choices, which we'll get to shortly. I did not try the Almaza Pilsner, but the general verdict was that it would have been better to go with a cocktail. I'd highly recommend the Nightingale to anyone who just wants to sip a substantial and strong drink with their dinner.
The Appetizers:
We ordered the Kibbeh Nayyeh (raw lamb), the Makanek (lamb sausages), the Fatteh (chickpeas) and the Sawdat Djej (sauteed chicken livers). Of these, my favorite was the Sawdat Djej - the pomegranate molasses sauce used for garnish was absolutely delicious. I found myself spooning up every last bite. The lamb for the Kibbeh Nayyeh was also delicately seasoned, and it was obvious that they'd pounded the lamb for the tartare to order - quite a welcome change from some places I've been to. The Makanek was cooked well, and went very nicely with my drink, and the fatteh, which came with pita chips and a refreshing tzatziki-like sauce, was a welcome contrast to the meat dishes.
The Meal:
We ordered the Kawarma, the Halabi Kebab, and the Abu Syaf for dinner. Of these, I'd say the Kawarma was the winner - generous portion, unique and top-notch seasoning. The Halabi Kebab was wonderful as as well, but I'd have preferred some different grilled vegetables rather than just the grilled peppers and onions provided as accompaniment. The Abu Sayf was cooked perfectly and seasoned nicely, but I think we all agreed that the meat dishes were on a different level. Stick to the lamb and chicken.
The Dessert:
The clear winner of the night was the Kanafeh, which was simultaneously crispy and soft, and tossed with all manner of perfect little tidbits. I wish I'd ordered tea to drink with it. The Apples and Ashta was sweet, but not cloyingly so, and the dollop of cream that came with it smoothed it out. The Coffee and Chocolate Verrine was absolutely wonderful - multiple layers of ice cream, chcolate and fruit, all of which enhanced each other and held up through the entire dessert.
I don't have a high degree of familiarity with Lebanese cuisine, but this struck me as nothing less than absolutely superb. I would strongly urge anyone to dine here, and to break out of the confines of what looks "safe" on the menu. You won't regret it, because these chefs know what they're doing.
P.S. Although I don't typically write about staff in any review, our server was prodigiously friendly and attentive, and everyone else seemed likewise happy with their service.Every dish was a wonderful, engaging take on dishes I might have already had elsewhere. The meal was full of delightful surprises and memorable flavors. The original use of fresh spices in particular stays with me. Probably the best meal thus far of 2019. Great service and knowledgeable staff. The only slight drawback is that it is a noisy space.The menu is a mix of some authentic Lebanese items and some chef's inventions. I ordered the lamb Kebob which came as ground lamb instead of lamb cubes but this was specified on the menu. It was tasty. However the hummus side was a joke, barely a teaspoon spread in a thin layer over a tiny bowl. 
Overall, some hits, some misses, but definitely overpriced.Awesome vibe, delicious food, just a bit pricey for breakfast. Still can't wait to try for dinnerI had a terrible experience at this restaurant. They lacked proper communication that bar seating was only available. After the miscommunication I noticed that other people dined in the main lobby and I had to ask to be seated in that area with a table. The restaurant lacks attention to detail (champagne in a wine glass, table cloth not reset, and had to ask multiple times to bring tea over from prior table). The glasses were dirty and the food was very average. The overall experience and service was poor. My best advice is get new owners because the owner could care less about customers experience.Ohhhhh la la , this place is absolutely delicious.  This is the best Turkish food we have eaten in a long time. 
The service is great, they are very friendly and welcoming. We had made bookings via OpenTable for brunch at 10:30 AM , we were there at 10:25 and we were asked to wait. They seated us exactly at 10:30 in a very sunny side of the restaurant.  Positives of that side , you can watch people and its warm , negatives , the light is so bright that you cannot take good pictures. 
I wish there was Turkish coffee ( they don't , they have Stompers coffee, which is a slight letdown ) . 
Location : the place is in in the Fishtown area of Philly, during brunch time we were able to get street parking near the USPS parking lot.  
Ambience : Once you enter the restaurant, you see the small area where you can pickup food items, more like a bakery with small grocery stuff for middle eastern food items.  The decor is beautiful , the restaurant is huge and when you walk around you can sit near the kitchen and you can see where your food is made. 
Service : Service was excellent, there are lot of options for us and our waiter was nice enough to give an explanation of each and every item that we had questions about and also suggested that we should come back again for dinner because the menu is totally different and much more grand. 
Food : It was Yumm , We ordered the Mezze Plate , I always like to order a plate with all possible options.  Along with that we ordered that Falafel Sandwich with Herbs (which was also served with Spiced french fries). 
We ordered the Pastry basket, one of the most yummiest desserts 
All the food we ordered was awesome and we will be back for dinner once the weather gets better !The place is beautiful, clean with lots of day light. The food was a perfect portion and delicious. We would definitely come back.Absolutely incredible! Not only is the restaurant design and experience incredibly well done, but the food is just amazing. So are the drinks!All of the hype about Suraya is completely deserved. The food is exceptional and service is great. Ordered the tasting menu and was blown away by not only the amount of food, but the quality. If you're unsure of what to order, TASTING MENU ALL THE WAY!!! You get to try five different spreads and the pita is to die for. From the appetizers to dessert, everything was amazing and Suraya is definitely a new favorite spot.First off the atmosphere is incredible! We did the chef tasting menu and it was nothing short of great! Lots of food and tried a few different dishes. Only reason it gets a 4 star is we had to chase down our waiter every time we needed drinksI don't think I am able to put my meal into words. This restaurant deserves fame and worship because it was among my top five dining experiences I've ever had. I had never had Kanafeh before and truth be told I was a little weirded out by rosewater, but boy was I completely blown away by this delicate dessert. The entirety of our meal was punctuated by delicious morsels that we decided we needed to add to our already massive appetizer kingdom. The best of were the tabouleh which was so fresh and lemony, the kibbeh hit the spot in terms of a little meat bite. And then the baba ganoush was one of my favorites as well. 
The ambiance and wait staff were impeccable! The restaurant was packed yet somehow incredibly sound proofed well because the deafening roar typical of restaurants where people are packed in like sardines was completely absent. Amazing place and amazing food, recommend to all those who want their tastebuds dazzled!Must try Lebanese brunch! It's absolutely delicious with a very modern taste! Their lamb hummus is top notch. Try their mimosas, they are made with apricots and cardamom! Very extensive selection of breakfast pastries made out exotic ingredients like roses, dates and also cardamom. They also perfectly hit a "cortadito" Latin version of coffee.  Plus they have parking. the experience is worth the wait!Took my mom here for a nice brunch in Philly as I couldn't stop hearing about how amazing the food is from friends. Her reaction, "The best food I've had" pretty much sums it up!
Starting off, this restaurant is beautifully decorated and has an open kitchen where you can see the pita being made right in front of you. All of the staff is incredibly kind and welcoming, truly a great ambience! Make a reservation ahead of time, but there is a cafe area if you can't get a table in the main restaurant. 
We ordered a little bit of everything to share. They have Stumptown coffee which my mom got and I had the Lebanese chai latte which is topped off with rose petals. The chai was so pretty and delicious, next time I would get half the sugar though because it is on the sweeter side. For food, we had a rose pistachio cruller, kebab plate, and baba ganoush to share. This was SO much food for the both of us, and everything was incredibly flavorful. The star of the show was definitely the baba ganoush though - WOW! You can taste the char from the eggplant, creaminess from the tahini, and it's topped with pomegranate seeds which adds a nice sweetness. Scooped up and eaten with hot and fresh pita, it is unreal. 
I wish I would have taken pictures, but the food was honestly so good I didn't even get a chance. Lived up to the hype for sure, definitely would love to try out dinner.I have been waiting to try Suraya after seeing it featured in both my women's health and bon appetit magazines. 
They really take a unique approach to Lebanese & middle eastern food. The best part was all the food was really healthy. There are two parts to the restaurant: a cafe/ bakery upfront that also has a gift shop and the restaurant portion which you go through the bakery/gift shop section.
Being the bar, I got to see the whole kitchen in action. The bar is small but is a great place to wait for your table or in our case a great place to squat when you don't put reservations in at a timely manner. DO RESERVATIONS!
You really cannot go wrong here and I can't say I recommend one thing over another as it was all delicious and well executed. They also change their menu so you're better off just checking the menu prior. We got the hummous (delicious but safe choice) and sumac fries (just sumac sprinkled on fries and smell heavenly) for appetizers. For warmer sides/ dishes we got the Warak enab which were grape leaves stuffed with rice & pine nuts lightly grilled.  The lemon yogurt and crispy shallots were a nice texture and edge to your Greek grape leaves we were used to. I highly recommend this. 
Side note: I also loved dipping / cleaning my plate with the flat bread and lemon yogurt! Definitely recommend trying ~ 
My next must would be their halabi kebab which was which was shaped into kebabs. I loved the flavors of the chili peppers, cinnamon, coriander and paprika. This also came with a side of grilled veggies and small hummous. We recommend eating with the flat bread we got (I believe you can ask for more bread) and hummous,  wrapped together with the charred onion, tomatoes, and peppers! 
My only regret was I wish we didn't get hummous since we got some with our main course and shared !
Note portions are small but if you get a bunch of sides and share you'll definitely leave full. 
Drinks: I didn't get anything mixed but I thought the imported beer (red ale) was light and complimented my meal.Excellent food, excellent service. My colleagues and I had a reservation here on a weeknight. The party seated where we were to be seated next just would not leave. Suraya staff was very apologetic and made sure that we had seats at the bar to wait. When we were finally seated, we were given a few complimentary dishes that were amazing. It was not the restaurant staff's fault at all, but they made it up to us all the same. The roasted potatoes and fatteh were my personal favorites, but all the dishes we had were superb. Our server was top notch. She never let me run out of water. Next time I am in town, this will be a definite stop for me. Customer service done right, food done to perfection!Everything was delicious, the hummus, fish, fattoush, grape leaves and fatteh. Being Lebanese and growing up on this food, I'm usually a good critic of our cuisine but Suraya has definitely won me over! If you're in Philly check them out. Super yummy and the arak drinks are a must try!The food is what gives this place 4 stars. The mezze platter was really well done between the fresh pita, creamy and flavorful labne, cashew dukkah egg and additional items. 
We also ordered a green salad with falafel which was way too much food but also equally as good. In the future I'd opt for the beet salad without the mezze platter with a side of falafel or just the mezze with falafel. The green salad was somewhat bland compared to the beet salad and other flavors throughout the platter.
They serve stumptown coffee which is another plus but the downside is that it is $4 a cup. I love stumptown as much as the next coffee aficionado but $4 was steep without any offer of refills, which leads me to...
Service. Ugh, Suraya you were doing so well with the food and bright modern atmosphere but I can't understand the service. We ordered a beer which was no longer offered, decided to switch and get a mimosa which never arrived. Halfway through our lunch I was over the idea of a mid day mimosa but was then a bit surprised when the bill came and still had the beer on it. The server was pleasant and admitted to the mistake thus removing the beer from our tab but it made the flow of lunch so awkward--first anticipating beer, then a mimosa, then disappointment of having neither and then having to navigate removing it from our bill.
However, I'd return for sure! this could have been an off day service wise. Regardless of service, the food lived up to the hype that has been built up around this place and like others have said, blows zahav out of the water.Amazing!
It was wonderful! Surroundings are beautiful. Staff was knowledgeable and attentive. The food was absolutely delicious! We will certainly visit again.The food was amazing! Hummus was the best part! This has such a cute vibe and scene. Pricing is high though, so be ready to spend $$$The best place to take friends or family from out of town! Seriously a beautiful atmosphere and INCREDIBLE food! Also very reasonably priced for the food quality. Definitely get the chai tea!I came here on a Saturday night with a couple friends. The ambience and decor were great and the way the tables and booths were arranged made the restuarant have a much more intimate feel. The restuarant had an open yet cozy feel and the noise level was not too loud.
I've been to a few Lebanese restuarants and the food here blew the other places out of the water! The flavors are unique and meld together perfectly. I appreciate that they give ample amounts of pita for the dips and then again during the meal. We decided to split a couple dishes as the menu was designed for sharing. The Kawarma is one of those dishes that I will dream about for a long time! The lamb was cooked perfectly and had a wonderful carmalized exterior! I just kept saying throughout the night "hey remember when we ate that unbelievable lamb?" Until my friends got annoyed with me so I had to stop. The Fattouch was another dish that stood out! For desert we all shared the Apples and Ashta which was a perfect end to the meal! It was sweet and the peppercorn merangue complimented the dish (and was not spicy as I had worried about). 
I'm going to fantasize about this meal until the next time I return to Philly!I finally made it to Suraya for brunch. One of the best food experiences in Philly. Their sister spot, Cafe La Maude, has been one of my favorites for years. The staff is warm, welcoming, and very accommodating. I highly recommend this place.Suraya is an experience. Beyond incredible food and friendly service, the atmosphere transports you to a beautiful, chic, and cozy environment that makes the grunge dives of Fishtown (that I love, don't get me wrong) feel distant. I wish I could emphasize how much I love this place in a more eloquent way, but I'll just say this: the flavors are out of this world. 
I made reservations for brunch, but when our plans fell through at the last minute, Suraya kindly moved our reservation. Even though the only time slot was 9:30pm on a Sunday night, we decided to take it - I'm SO glad we did! 
From the first step inside, Suraya surpassed any expectations I had. For starters, the sheer size of the place defies the laws of physics. It goes on forever and ever, each space offering a different vibe - all positive. 
We were sat immediately, and our servers were very attentive to ensure our experience was incredible. Our main server was very helpful in helping us breakdown the menu and decide what to order (and what not to order! nut allergy!)
We ordered:
Baba Ganoush (best I've ever had!)
Fatteh (amazing textures and flavors!)
Makanek (Lamb Sausages - delicious!!)
Kafta Kebab (Ground Beef Kebab - interesting plating, interesting flavors)
Overall, the meal was great. The spices are really special, and everything is just packed with flavor. The fresh clouds of pita bread were heavenly. While I wished our water glasses were filled more frequently, our server was very kind and engaging, and clearly enjoyed his job. The meal was on the pricier side considering the portion sizes. Suraya is best enjoyed with friends so you can try a bit of everything and split the bill. I didn't have any of their specialty drinks, so I will definitely be back to try one...or five.
Suraya is more than a restaurant - it's an escape, an experience. Definitely worth exploring.Fancy but super expensive and made for hipsters. It's super made up with random odd hipster pairings which don't seem fully authentic in some dishes. I ordered some salmon flat bread pizza that was weird af. Wouldn't order again.
The hummus and babaganosh were delicious. Price is high though. You are paying for ambiance, so i wouldn't go here for cheap middle Eastern eats.
Chai tea with rose petals was nice. Grilled meats are nice also. Would go, but for a date or occasion not just to get middle Eastern food cravingsGreat service- the lamb was fatty and Gamey tasting. The fish was a quite small portion and flavorlessThis place is great every single time. The service, atmosphere and the food all great though a bit pretentious at times. The only complaint I have is the bias against people who aren't dressed up to be there. When checking in for your reservation you are guided to the lounge patio in the rear. I watched a couple get straight up ignored by the drink waitress for a good 15 minutes I was cringing each time she walked by them. Aside from that everything is spot on. The food is so good you will be telling everyone.The food here is great.  Very tasty and unique.  Only reason I took off a few stars is because the staff in the front of the house sometimes is not very friendly or kind, especially when I visit with my kiddos.The food was amazing. Atmosphere very hip as well. The only thing that turned us off was a very rude hostess. It set a bad tone for the whole experience that luckily our server and the food made up for but it was quite possibly the worst start to a dining experience we have ever had.Super cute space with delicious food.  I have a few gripes which in the aggregate force me to subtract a star from the possible maximum.  I'll start by reiterating that everything I ate was delicious.  The vegetarian mixed appetizer thing was a rich, delicious smorgasbord of flavors - well balanced.  The "middle-eastern ceviche" (my words) was also great - very unique with a great blend of regional flavors.  The presentation was also lovely.  The food was a little pricey and the portions were small at first glance, but I decided the prices were reasonable because the food was, again, very rich and delicious.  Could use more vegetarian options.
The waitress suggested my party of two (fairly hungry) people order 2 mains and 2 appetizers, or more -- three appetizers was far more than enough, and she seemed miffed when we didn't order more.  I don't appreciate that.  The cocktails were ok; the drinks list overall was not impressive and was overpriced for the quality.
The shop area is super cute, but after browsing for holiday presents i didn't purchase anything because everything was . . . overpriced.Not sure how we've missed this place until now. Amazing food, great service with knowledgeable staff, tasty drinks, and a nice atmosphere.
We decided to just get a variety of apps, but after seeing the entrees passing us by decided we have to come back and do a few apps, with a few people.
We were treated with the lancaster county squash special, did the raw lamb, red pepper walnut spread, chicken livers, and eggplant with chickpeas. Every one was delicious, fill of flavor, and we'd highly recommend.
Then the drinks. Dangerously tasty. Strong, and we had to be careful as it was an early dinner with a lot of activity after.
Dessert... Which we ordered after we got the bill. So glad we did. The berries were tasty, a very light cake, and a little crunch. It was tart, not sweet, which made it even better for us.
This is a great spot, not expensive, and offering a great variety of flavors.I've only been here for brunch, but that's enough for me to give them a 5-star rating.  Loads of vegetarian options for brunch.  Coffee is delicious!  Their fries (yes fries) are soooooo good, the seasoning sets these apart from the rest.  Pita bread is made to order, and it's good alone or with almost every thing else!Let's take the money and run!!! Totally unimaginative.  Clearly just cashing in on the neighborhood they are in.  So many more places that serve GOOD Lebanese.An excellent restaurant. Every dish was unique. The pita came out of the oven puffed up like balloons. The wait staff were warm and efficient and made the experience even better than the food. I'd go back tomorrow and keep going back until I'd tried everything. And then start overThis cute Lebanese Market opened up about 2 weeks ago, we've been waiting for this place to open up for months. We live literally two doors down and we have already been three times. We had just breakfast pastries and coffee when we first went, then I had a Lebanese chai which was so homey, bits of Rose and pistachios on top. Today we went for our first meal and all I can say right now is YUMMO! We cannot wait to have dinner here once it opens up in early 2018!!!Cafe, brunch, lunch, dinner, bar area...can you ask for anymore? And outdoor garden with fire pits in making, which will open up in about 2 months. 
Food and service was amazing!!! Bartenders and the waiters are so well dressed, and the interior is super cute.
I came here to grab quick early dinner at 5pm, and we walked in without reservations and although lot of tables were empty, we were asked the grab a seat at the bar because they were completely booked for dinner. I totally didn't mind seating at the bar as were just there for quick bites and few drinks. Therefore, I recommend you make reservations for dinner.
We had hummus and pita, Muhammara and the Batata Harra and my favorite of it all was the Batata Harra. It's basically crispy fried potatoes with spices and it was absolutely delicious with full of flavors and spices. I just wish it came with some kind of dressing to dip it with but honestly you don't even need it. Hummus was delicious but nothing crazy as I have had better hummus in my life before but I'll try the crispy chickpea next time. Muhammara was something completely different that what I expected. When it arrived, I thought they sent me wrong stuff. It's mashed sweet peppers with seasonings and shaped into burger patty and topped with nuts and pomegranate. It was all right, and I probably wouldn't order it again. 
My boyfriend loved their cocktails and it's fun to sit at the bar and watch the bartenders make the drinks. I tried few different wines and I thought they were extremely weak, so next time I'll stick to the cocktails only. 
I'll definitely return back to try more of their Mezze and cocktails.