Been coming here for years. Deeeeeelicious!This place is great! So far, the main dishes I've had are the pulled pork, pulled chicken, salmon, & wings. The smoky wings - life changing. Wow! The brussel sprouts with bacon are my favorite side.  Everything is always soo tasty. The only disappointment to me was the actual corn in the corn bread. But I'll forgive them and just remember to never order that again.  The prices are very reasonable. So glad that I live only 5 minutes away from all this bbq wonderfulness.Went to lunch here for my second time.
As a born and raised North Carolinian ( REAL bbq country) was elicited to try something new to me.
Wow! I was impressed both times.
Great pulled pork !!!
Great sides as well.
2 come with the sandwich.
Sat in the full service/bar area.
Was waited on by a very, very pretty and attentive your lady. GREAT service on a busy Friday at lunch.
Will be back many more times.
Can't wait to try the all you can eat buffet!!!
Love this place!!!
5 starsAll is all good bbq. I didn't like that the brisket was pulled, I enjoy brisket slices but the ribs were cooked well and the sides are great! Try the creamy spinach!
The pulled pork had a good smoke ring on it and all the meat had good flavor. I will try the chicken the next time I go.Best ribs, great service. The inside looks even better after the remodel. Never had a bad meal there. I always get the mac and cheese and baked beans. Pulled chicken sandwich was great. Friendly staff and short wait times for your food.This place is soo good. I usually get the kids meal with the half pulled pork or pulled chicken sandwich with a side of the mac and cheese or the cole slaw and a piece of cornbread. The last time I visited I got the full-size meal to see what it was like and it was huge! You get two sides plus a full size sandwich and that was way too much for me to eat in one sitting. I'm sticking with the kids size meals for now on. Would definitely recommend Sweet Lucy's for lunch if you work or live in the area. The service is quick and the food is delish. I've never gone for dinner, but I've heard they have a buffet on Monday nights which sounds pretty awesome. If you want BBQ, go to Sweet Lucy's. You'll be happy you did.What can I say... it's the best BBQ I've had thus far in the Philadelphia area and well worth the trip if your looking for real SMOKED BBQ. Made my first trip this past weekend and wasn't quite sure what to make of it as it sits alone in a warehouse district of off 95 in the Mayfair area but as soon as you smell the "SMOKE"... yum! Loved the ribs, smoked hot wings, grits, collard greens, cornbread, sauces... the brisket was really good too (but I prefer mine sliced not chopped). And the blueberry-peach crisp is worth going for alone... can't wait to try their bourbon bread pudding. 
"Why is the meat PINK??? It's the result of cooking with wood in a closed pit. The smoke imports a delicious aroma & flavor as well as a distinctive pink color. Sp don't confuse this pinkness with undercooked or rare; all of our meats are slow-cooked for hours until perfectly done. The PINK you see is the sign of authentic BBQ!" -Sweet Lucy's SmokehouseActually, this is really a 4.5 star BBQ joint.  Have been here several times.  My last meal was a half rack of ribs and the BBQ chicken wings.  Every thing is smoked perfectly.  Not just slabbed with sweet sauce and served sugary.  Ribs were excellent, asked for the BBQ sauce on the side. Very tender, well smoked and delectable.  The wings were also perfect with the right amount of crunch on the outside and tender in the inside.  Have not ordered any of the sandwich's as I really didn't want to add any of the carbs/filler with all the great meats.
Decent bar inside and drinks are well poured.  Staff/service is also great and friendly.  Highly recommended if you like BBQ.I'm not on Lipitor, but after my trip to Sweet Lucy's, I should probably consider it.
One Monday, I wanted BBQ. No, scratch that - I needed BBQ. The hunger swept over me; I was insatiable. I made a desperate plea to my Facebook friends - "where can I find the best BBQ in Philadelphia?" I received some traditional answers, but a few NE friends suggested Sweet Lucy's. I head to Google. "Oh, all you-can-eat buffet on Monday nights?" To the NE I venture.
Sure, Sweet Lucy's looks like an abandoned warehouse from the outside, but inside you're transported into an utopia of BBQ. Let me give you the rundown of the all-you-can-eat options; starting with the assortment of sides: homemade cornbread, collard greens, corn on the cob, creamed spinach, mac and cheese, mashed garlic potatoes, roasted brussel sprouts, southwest salad, potato salad, cucumber salad, salad with fresh salmon). After you induce yourself into a near coma from the sides, you're presented with a selection of meats:  sausage, pulled pork, chicken, ribs...it goes on. 
I'll be honest - I came with a goal to eat my literal weight in BBQ, and after four very robustly filled plates, a subsequent removal of belt, and loss of dignity, I stopped cashing out and left - mission complete.Sweet Lucy's has a nice homelike feel to it.  The staff was friendly and helpful.  I was stupid to have eaten late in the afternoon before going there, because once I walked in the door, the aroma of spicy greens and smoked meat gave me the yummies.  So I had to order something...the chili seemed an easy choice...spicy, full of meat.  I also had a side of corn bread which was light and moist...perfect.  My eyeballs were definitely taking in the ribs from friends plates.  They smelled great.
So from my limited vantage point as far as menu selection, I would make the trek back to sink my teeth into those ribs, and I think the place has a fine open atmosphere that was really comfortable.Really good Texas beef brisket - just wish I had more of it, kind of surprised by the portion sizes here, but the food quality is great and the taste is better. Cute little spot too, really liked the atmosphere.Awesome grub and friendly staff.  Parking is tight when crowded.  Chili and wings and ribs and mac & cheese......Amazing Barbeque...and I've been to many, many places in the city looking for great barbeque..sketchy, posh and in-between and nothing touches this. This is perfectly smoked, nonfatty meat done perfectly. The meat is so great, that instead of a 'platter,' where you can also choose sides, I order a half a rack of ribs...'just the meat.' It literally could just fall off the bone. In the past, when I got ribs, they were either fatty or tough, these are neither. Well trimmed, not fatty, and not tough at all...perfect meat. 
Of all things, their brownies are also amazing.
The service is fast, the have an open area where you can put on as much (or as little) sauce as you want to compliment what you get - their hot sauce is just incredible also.
Overall, I am so happy with this place that I have to make an effort to avoid it. I read that they do catering, and I wouldn't hesitate to use them if I ever had a need.I must be hard to please. 
Four of us went to Sweet Lucy's about a year and a half ago. We were the only ones in the place. You drive into a fenced off parking lot which is housed in between two huge factory buildings. Their door is on the side of one of the buildings and holds a small raised patio for outside dining. 
Our mouths were watering for "the best barbecue we have ever eaten"!  
You walk into a large open area where you start by ordering and pay for what you are about to recieve.  Down the line is an open kitchen where you view the cooking of the ribs, beans, barbecued pulled pork and keilbassi.  Then you have an area for extra sauces, condiments, utensils and napkins.  Right around the corner is the dining area with a fair amount of tables and chairs.  
All four of us agreed, it was not even close to the best barbeque we have ever had. Ribs were not tender and they were fatty and the flavor left a lot to be desired.  No booze is served here, but you are welcome to bring your own.
I personally, have been trying ribs everywhere, just to find the best and in my opinion ( are you ready for this? ),  Ruby Tuesdays has the very best so far. They are perfect. You pick them up and they fall right off the bone. They are tender, no fat and the flavor is perfect! Their secret is to slow bake and baste them for 24 hours! Give them a try Sweet Lucy fans and let me know what you think! 
Sweet Lucy's you didn't even come close to impressing me.
Wheelchair accessible, ramp and small managable lip at entrance door.I've never had bad food here. I've also hired them to do catering and it worked out great. Would recommend to anyone. Plus they recently added a small bar so u can have a beer while waiting for pick up or if u stay and eat there.Monday night all you can eat buffet... Words cannot express the happiness!!!
I've been here numerous times and never had a bad meal. The smoked Salmon on the buffet is very tasty! Get there close to 5 for the buffet or you will wait to be seated.Everything was excellent....The ribs, the spinach,the sweet potatoes,the cole slaw and the corn bread. Price was excellent. Service was excellent. I wish that I lived closer because I'd be there once a week.What's to say that everyone in Philadelphia doesn't already know. Sweet Lucy's is the best BBQ around. Go try it and you won't regret it!great food, fair price, good service, ans incredibly consistent!  every single time i go there, and it is quite often, i am never disapponted!!!  for around 13$ you get a full meal.   eithier a 1/2 rack of ribs/pork/1/2 of a chicken with 3 delicious sides, all are fantastic. there mac and cheese, corn bread, ribs, chicken, and believe it or not, cole slaw are some of the best i have had anywhere. crowded and noisy to eat there, but it is a small price to pay for the food.  one thing that drives me out of my mind is the country music they play.  seriously??  in philly??   lets get some alternative up in here!!Check out Wingman Collier's video Wing review, delicious wings, awesome atmosphere and great service!!
Search Wingman Collier on Facebook and YouTube!!!
Keep the Wing Train Rolling 
Enjoy Life One Wing at a Time!!I love this place. You can sit in or call in an order for pickup.
The place isn't your typical resturant with waiters or waitresses. You give your order and wait for your name to be called and everything is given to you in takeaway containers, just in case you may have leftovers **cough cough** I never do. You pretty much have to tend to yourself once you get your food and they have soda/drink dispensers in the sitting area. 
The food is great I typically alternate between the texas brisket or the pulled pork.  Both are so appetizing. The mac & cheese is creamy and it always hits the spot especially when you need comfort food. I also really enjoy their collard greens and corn bread.Delicious!!! The pulled pork was not the best I've ever had but that's why a 4 instead of 5 stars. It's clean and the food is fab. I will def be going again!!!Okay....when I walked in the place, mind you it was the Monday night buffet!  There was this blimp of a man, humongous human being slowly moving down the buffet line like a giant water buffalo....It scared me!  I'm like, "If I eat here, will this happen to me?"  And following him was a line of water Buffalo's piling their plates like it was gonna be a long long winter and before hibernation.....
Well, now on to the food....I got in that line with my husband and the food was good....very good....Everything was very flavorful! 
 And a big shout out to the Apple Crisp!!!!
The Mac and Cheese was tangy but the texture of it was not like my baked Macaroni and Cheese, I understand  they cook for the masses...they do what that gotta do...it tasted better than it looked.
The sides altogether were very great!  The Cornbread made me get back up in the line again....I started moving like a water buffalo and got scared again!  :-)
The baby back ribs were very Southern style worthy! and my husband is a BBQ Snob!  He loved the beef ribs and the baby backs!
I really enjoyed the room, I felt like I was down south some where in the Carolinas!  It was a wonderful BBQ experience altogether! 
Sitting at the next table was the blimp and all of his friends....They were there before we got there and still there after we left...and as we were leaving, I understood....I felt like one of the blimp boys because the Buffet was just that good!
One thing....there are no sneeze guards or anyway to protect the food...should someone sneeze...it's all over....the whole buffet...ruined.  
I understand  the homestyle ambiance, but invest in some Sneeze guard protectors for the food!!!There is NOTHING I dislike about Sweet Lucy's except one thing: the collard greens are spicy and I don't like spicy. ALL the meats are melt-in-your-mouth tender and juicy. My favorite barbecue restaurant of all time bar none. Brisket, ribs, and MORE brisket.Sweet Lucy's BBQ tastes like it's from somewhere else, somewhere that meat and smoke and sauce are considered deadly serious topics of conversation. I love me some Philadelphia food but our local BBQ joints often fall short of stellar. Sweet Lucy's could go toe-to-toe with some of my favorites from trips to St. Louis and Nashville - and I hit those cities with an eye toward eating some good BBQ. If you're a Southerner looking for a taste of home, a BBQ aficionado looking to see where this falls in the rankings, or just hungry, you will leave Sweet Lucy's happy. And full. Oh, God, you will leave full. 
I love the reassuring standardization of menus at good BBQ joints. There will be chicken and pulled pork and brisket and ribs and you'll be able to order a sandwich, a platter, or a combination platter with various numbers of sides. Sweet Lucy's options are exactly what I was expecting, and hoping for. I got the "Double the Fun" platter, which comes with two meats, 3 sides, and either a roll or cornbread. Since they didn't have broccoli slaw today, I got two portions of cucumber and tomato salad (hey, gotta get the veggies in somewhere!) and potato salad. The portions of meat and sides were very generous. Lauren H tagged along and filled out or order with half a rotisserie chicken. I also got us a 1/2 pint of mild BBQ sauce, which turned out to be unnecessary - the meat is served with the perfect portion of sauce. It'll be nice to have at home, though!
The BBQ was abso-frickin-delicious. The pulled pork had a rich meaty flavor and  was not fatty at all (if pulled pork has a downfall, it is the ease with which it can go from delicious meaty goodness to fatty icky globs). The brisket was incredibly tender and moist and was not dry at all (if brisket has a downfall, it is the ease with which comes to resemble your grandmother after you leave her in the sun too long. I mean ... nevermind). The cucumber salad had nice big chunks of cucumber and tomato and a great dressing that was not too vinegar-y; I know it's silly to compare BBQ joints on the basis of their vegetables, but this was way better than Percy Street's. The potato salad was wicked good and had a somewhat unusual flavor, the dressing almost had a hint of Russian dressing in it (who knows, maybe it does!). I went with the roll this time, it was big and light - almost like challah. Next time I'll go for the cornbread, because it looked real good. I'm sure Lauren H will weigh in on the chicken, but the amount of leftovers (none) and the expressed desire for a nap post-lunch leads me to believe it was just as good as everything I sampled. 
It's a bit inconvenient to get to if you're in center city, although it's incredibly easy to get to (95N to Cottman Ave., right at the first light onto State, cross Bleigh and you'll see a sign for it on your left). We got our food to go but the place looks cute and clean, I'd be happy to eat here on my own, with friends, or to bring a family. Anyone who likes good food and feeling full is gonna leave Sweet Lucy's happy.Very good, very reasonable prices for solid bbq. My boyfriend had the chicken & ribs combo and he enjoyed it. I wasn't hungry for a big bbq dinner so I tried their salmon sandwich and it was amazingly good! Good cut of salmon filet, good amount of cheese and lettuce/tomato. The sauce on the sandwich gave it a great kick. Must try the Mac & cheese btw! So cheesy & has some type of smoked flavor that I can't figure out. So good though! The cornbread are moist & yummy!Always a pleasure at Sweet Lucys. This time was a LARGE takeout order for 6adults and a gaggle of kids. Pulled pork, mashed sweets, mac & cheese bbq chicken, cornbread and more. As always, SL food was fresh delicious and so satisfying. Eat at SL when you want/can overindulge. Its worth every single chubby little piggy calorie. YUM!!!Stopped in for take out a few times. Always a great meal! Excellent smoked chicken, ribs and pulled pork. Staff is always courteous and speed of service is well worth it. Cornbread is amazing too!My second visit here was better. We arrived 10 minutes before closing (9pm) and they had no problem letting us eat in. Found the crock of BBQ sauce this time - only one kind, but serviceable. The ribs were the best tonight, while the chicken and brisket were good but not great. The brisket was not especially tender, and the chicken was kind of standard. The mashed sweet potatoes were bo-ring - Boston Market puts in brown sugar and marshmallows, hello? The chili had a good flavor, with the ratio of beans to meat reversed - a slightly odd idea, but still tasty. The cornbread was pretty uninspired. Go ahead and microwave it before you serve it would be my suggestion to management.
So why three stars still? A lack of attention to detail. One kind of sauce, yawn inducing sides, and then the plastic utensils and styrofoam containers. Your cup here includes anti-paper/pro-styrofoam propaganda on the side. Please. I'd prefer they waste the dishwater to save the landfill space, and make this place a bit more of an overall experience.
Sorry, Sweet Lucy's, this isn't Southern cooking - you ain't fooling me. There's a reason no one talks about "Northern hospitality" - a lot of people up here just don't care beyond making a profit.Great food, the creamed spinach is my favorite! My job orders from here,catered at least 3xs a year. Pulled BBQ chicken is my favoirteI've been trying to get here for years. And now I've kicked myself in the ass!!!
I've never had Memphis style BBQ so I can't make a true comparison but this place is amazing. You can not only see the smoke ring in the ribs but taste it as well. All of the sides are great. Greens, grits, garlic mashed, it's all great!! I will be back!!It' been awhile since I  went to Sweet Lucy's, However in the last two months I have been there three times due to the fact my dear friend who can not go out any more loves it. I have found that sides improve the meat has always been excellent and I enjoyed the food very much. But the customer service is lacking. The people indifferent.Therefore they didn't get  the fifth star from me.I've got to give this place a very solid four stars. While I have found the barbecue sauce to be on the sweet side, and the coleslaw to be a little bit lacking, these would be my only complaints.
The meats are generally fantastic, and the cornbread is some of the best I've ever had.
Service is reasonably quick, and although the seating area is somewhat small, we have never yet had a problem getting a booth.
My wife and kids love this place, and after our first visit it quickly became one of our "go-to" spots.
Very reasonable prices...The food is delicious, the dining room is down to earth and comfortable! It gets busy though, especially for the Monday night buffet!Wow this place was spectacular. Really neat old building and it was packed. I had the ribs, brisket w/ sides. Cornbread was actually the best I've had. There was a very long line both for pickup and eat in, we sat at the bar which was a great call, so if there's space at the bar, definitely sit there to skip the wait.They Have the best ribs in Philly, great service, eat in, not that much room, I always take out,the brisket is the platter, I  get most of the time, enjoyI was there to meet up with some fellow Yelpers and I had no idea what I was getting into.  Sweet Lucy's.  I figured it would be either a dive bar or a  gentleman's club.  I guess I just trust Jim and Lisa enough not to look it up. 
I'm not huge fan of meat and I ate dinner for two in that one visit.  This place has a character that can't be denied.  I have not been to a bbq place like this ever.
Overall, you are into bbq stuff, I don't think you can go wrong at Sweet Lucy's.BBQ joints are not my cup of tea but I've always heard great stuff about this place and all is true from what everyone says.  This place is great.    Mondays are the day to go if your looking for a bbq buffet.  Great ribs and chicken, very well seasoned.  They got collard greens but I dont like them so I didnt try it.  Mac and cheese, was the best I ever had!!  Its that good.  Just eating that would of made my day!  The pulled pork is amazing also, juicy and moist.  I believe this place is byob, I did notice alot of people with their own adult beverages lol.  They do carry desserts also, cookies, ice cream and i believe it was red velvet cups cakes.
Just a reminder come in with a empty stomach, and that goes for all buffets lol.
Happy Eatings!!I ate here for the first time this weekend. It is much bigger inside the dining area than it looks from outside. You place your order at the counter when you walk in, then take you food and seat yourself. There is also a soda fountain for your drinks. I love this idea for this type of food. I got the  1/2 chicken and  1/2 rack of ribs. The chicken was very moist and in a sweet BBQ sauce. The ribs were excellent! The meat fell off the bones. I had mac n cheese and chili for my sides. The mac n cheese was absolutely perfect. The chili was watery, and I wouldn't get it again. My girlfriend had the pulled pork, and it was one of the best I have had in this area. The next time I go back I will definitely be getting that. If you are in the mood for BBQ in Philly, this is the place to go.I've never sat down and eaten a meal in the actual restaurant so this review is based solely on the food, the price, and the kind of treatment I've received from my annoying questions over the telephone. (Which was very pleasant and helpful actually.)
First and foremost, I've been to two back to back parties where this was the chosen catered food. I didn't think too much of it last year, I knew it was good.
This year, I couldn't help myself from having 3rds, 4ths and maybe even 5ths of their delicious pulled pork and some cole slaw.
When it came to hosting a party of my own, my girlfriend and I opted to spend about $100 on pounds of food for 10-15 people.
3lbs of pulled pork
3lbs of pulled chicken
2qts of mac & cheese
1qt of baked beans
The price is phenomenal considering the true cost is a lot better than having spent an entire day slow cooking the meat to perfection, which is how it's presented. It's a lot better than spending all the time perfecting a sweet and savory BBQ sauce. They've already done all the work, and beautifully at that. Our food was still hot even though I showed up late to pick it up, and it was packaged brilliantly well. I had no fears just plopping it onto my backseat and after about a 40min drive to S. Jersey, it was superbly intact.
The most surprising part was their phenomenal mac & cheese. I expected good but not something that's most definitely a contender for the best mac & cheese I've ever had.
I prefer the pulled pork over the pulled chicken but we ran out of most of the pork... so now it's past midnight after our evening party and I'm still picking away at cold, yet still amazingly delicious pieces of chicken.
I'm a night owl, sure. However, I was just laying in bed recalling the nice little party we had and I couldn't stop thinking about the food. My mouth started watering.
So, I got up to pick at the leftovers...
And... I also picked up my laptop, opened it up... and here we are...
...now, back to more chicken.
I'm just so sad that all 2qts of the mac & cheese are gone.
Final thoughts: it's a bit out of the way but I definitely intend to sit down for one of their Monday night all-you-can-eat-buffet. That might have be... tomorrow evening.I've only been here once but it was damn good. It wasn't too long before they closed for that night either, so that's saying something. Brisket and sauce was great, and cornbread was among the best I ever had. Who knew you could get some real bbq in phillyribs were tender and tasty, but lacked smoke. brisket was bullshit...chopped and sauced, and again, lacked smoke. Pulled pork was the hit here, not pulled too much, still chunky, but tender. Just enough Carolina glaze(cider viny, brown suga, and crushed pepper) on it for seasoning.  The pork had some smoke flavor, but again, very weak. 
One complaint I have is the sauce on the ribs and brisket. I told you everything on the side!
I didn't bother getting any sides. Just got a half lb of brisket and pulled pork, and a rack of ribs. Not worth a second trip. If you just like average bbq, you'll be pleased, but if you're a connoisseur, don't bother. Percy Street kicks their ass.When I travel around the country especially down south I make it a point to go to a well talked about BBQ spot...usually from yelp reviews. I've found some decent spots in Georgia and Florida but nothing that I've been wow-wed over.
Well I have now found a spot that puts the wow in my BBQ. I can not believe that I haven't driven my ass here earlier or the fact that its actually in Philly. Me, my wife and 3 friends went to SL yesterday for my birthday. I wanted BBQ...its my birthday. Everyone gets to listen to me. 
I had a full rack of ribs with mac & cheese, spicy collared greens and baked beans. I can say now that these were the best ribs I've ever had. They were meaty, fell of the bone with a great spice and the BBQ sauce was just the right amount. They were fantastic. The mac and cheese and greens were also quite fabulous. The baked beans were good but Tex's BBQ still holds that award with his cowboy beans. They will be hard to beat. 
I also really like the way SL is setup. We brought a growler and a couple 6 packs and picked a table before we stood in line to order. Between ordering, paying and actually getting our food it was mere minutes. Rolls or paper towels grace each of the tables which is wonderful because I am messy like a 2 year old child with spaghetti. 
I enjoyed my birthday and really enjoyed the BBQ. I plan on getting there again very soon. After that I will have to figure out a way to try Percy St BBQ without getting shot on South St.BEST BBQ AROUND.
The overall atmosphere is similar to Famous Dave's , but the service and food is a thousand times better.  The dining room is cozy and well lit. To make it even better, Lucy's has a large flatscreen hanging up on the wall AND it is BYOB! So you have a place where you can eat excellent BBQ, enjoy a beer, and watch the game???heaven.
BBQ chicken and the brisket were amazing.
sides=perfect.
I just made myself hungry.Most official BBQ spot in Philly.  Easy self-seating, excellent chicken, ribs & brisket.After wanting to try this place for awhile, we finally came here for lunch recently. There are not many legitimate barbecue places in the Philadelphia area, but this is definitely one of them. This is a random area of northeast Philadelphia that is pretty industrial looking. The good thing about this is, they have a parking lot! That's a huge plus for me. The inside has a pretty rustic feel to it and reminds you of a BBQ joint you would see in the south. They have pretty much every item you could want at a BBQ place. They have platters with a variety of items you could get if you were bringing dinner home for your family or something. The girl working at the counter was nice and helpful. I just ordered the pulled chicken sandwich, which was really good. The sandwiches all come with two sides, so I got a brownie and mac and cheese. Everything was great. My husband got the pulled pork sandwich which I also tried and that was good. They have the pepsi version of the coke machine that makes all the different drinks, which is nice. They also have alcoholic drinks here, which I did not have any but would be nice if coming on a weekend. I would definitely come here again, although it is not an area I typically am in, we stopped here on the way to Jersey. If you're looking for good BBQ, try this place.Usually I consider three stars a bad thing, but this is a positive three stars. I've only had takeout from here (and ended up comparing them to this other place I had recently (which was a lot better, but gave you less food than Sweet Lucy's). 
Pros: You get A TON of food for what you pay 
Cons: Nothing really stood out to me aside from the cornbread. 
Meat: I had the brisket platter. It wasn't particularly tender or juicy. It was just okay, but there was a lot of meat (more than the other BBQ place I went to). It comes with three small sides (smaller than the small when you order a side on its own), but it was still a lot of food for $13.99. It also comes with cornbread (or a roll), so it doesn't count as a side. 
Sides: I tried collard greens for the first time. They were weird, but I didn't mind them. I got the mashed sweet potatoes, and someone else in my party got the garlic mashed potatoes with gravy (which I tried). I didn't like the mashed sweet potatoes, and the garlic mashed potatoes had WAY TOO MUCH GARLIC (you could hardly taste the potatoes, only garlic). Because the food comes in those square Styrofoam containers with a large platter spot with two sides, some of the BBQ sauce spilled into the mac and cheese. It was delicious, didn't taste dry (like when restaurants keep it under a heat lamp all day). The corn bread was also really good. It was fluffy, moist, and didn't have a "grainy" taste (I made some at home, and it was like all the cornmeal didn't dissolve). 
Conclusion: You get a lot of food for what you pay, but it's average at best. You don't go to a BBQ place solely for mac and cheese and cornbread (the only two things that stood out to me), and I'm probably being unfair by comparing it to the other BBQ place I went to recently.Hands down my favorite BBQ joint in philly! It's always consistent and has yet to let me down. Even when they are crazy busy, the food is always on point.
My favs are the smoked wings and ribs. Im drooling just thinking about them! Make sure that you order a side of their homemade buttermilk ranch for the wings! All of the sides are delish as well- I usually go for the Mac n cheese, chili, creamed spinach, or cucumber and tomato salad. If your looking for awesome BBQ in a clean/ no fuss spot, definitely check out sweet lucys stat!We used to go here a lot.  Unfortunately, the last few times it was very crowded and busy and had to wait.  It was hot inside and parking was difficult. The food is good tends to get pricey however.  We will keep going especially for the salmon, baked beans and creamed spinach. Really good.Truly hands down one of the best . a must visit destination any time visiting or for anyone that lives here in philly.Came on a Friday in the afternoon,The place was crowded but not packed . My Uncle &I ordered the rack for2   which included 3  somewhat small sides +2 pieces of cornbread.Every thing was very good! Babyback ribs were cooked perfectly had a decent charcoal flavor Mac&cheese was  AMAZING!!! Coleslaw was ok.and baked beans were good they had pulled pork in them(nice touch). They also have a selfserve fixens bar with bbq sauce(very watery ) pickles and different peppers no long hots but still were OK..Staff was very accommodating, friendly & pleasant. I thought $30 was a little excessive and that was with no beverages.I guess the $20 Monday buffet is the ticket!! All and all very good food I would visit again.Great Philadelphia BBQ flavor. 
Go for lunch and dinner. 
Their ribs are great but the chicken wings are phenomenal.This place is overrated in my opinion.  The staff was unfriendly, but on to the food.  They only offer babybacks no spareribs.  What's up with that!  I ordered the rib platter w/collard greens, mac n cheese, cornbread and potato salad.  The only thing I liked in the meal was the potato salad, and even it would've tasted a little better had it been colder. 
The mac n cheese was bad, half done pasta.  I threw it out, and I am a huge mac n cheese fan.  I also love cornbread, but theirs was kind of rubbery as if pudding had been mixed in the batter. 
The collard greens were ok, but could've used some bits of turkey meat or bacon.  
The ribs were moist and tender, but what good is a tender rib when the sauce is bad?  
The sauce tasted and looked like watered down tomato paste.  It wasn't even slathered on the ribs but instead a couple of skimping tablespoons tossed across. 
 I was dissapointed for the drive I made over there going by the many positive reviews it received on Yelp as barbecued ribs happen to be one of my favorite foods.  I will not be trekking over there anytime soon.Sweet Lucy's was an interesting find. It's in an unexpected location that looks like an abandoned warehouse. However, once you get inside and a whiff of BBQ hits your nostrils you are in heaven. Some of the best BBQ in Philadelphia, if not the best.We loved their food, but felt the place was too casual (the food is served in takeout boxes). The Dixie coleslaw is great, and so are the cheesy grits with corn!Sweet Lucy's is so Slammin! My husband and I normally get the meal for four and add a side! Not because there is a lack of food. Strictly because it's SO good and we want to try everything every time. We normally get half chicken and ribs or pork. We always get collard greens, grits, and beans. Mmm!Since I missed the UYE here last month this place has been burning in the back of my head. So I went back and tried their buffet. This way I got a good sampling of most of the their meats. 
Major piece of advice - if you are going to the buffet - GO EARLY! 
It starts at 5pm on Monday nights and runs until 8:30pm. It was still packed at 6:30-7 when we got there. We had to wait in line just to pay before sitting down. If you get their early they will have someone cutting super tender, succulent pieces of prime rib. I managed to weasel through the line and get some before it was gone. They were constantly refilling the buffet items so everything was hot and fresh. I usually don't like ribs but their beef ribs are so good and the sauce is so tasty that I went back for seconds. The garlic mashed red potatoes are by far the best of the sides. The corn bread was being fought over and was gone almost immediately after it came out so it took me standing over the basket like a vulture waiting for more to come out for me to get a square. It was worth it because it was moist, sweet and light. 
My only criticism is the desserts. The chocolate chips need taken away from their kitchen. They put them in everything. So it ended up making every dessert into some form of chocolate chip cookie. There was a warm cake that had apples in it that was ruined by the insane multitude of chocolate chips added to it. But with that said I did not come there for dessert anyway.The food is very good but we went on Monday which is buffet night and they ran out of almost everything and were VERY slow to replenish the items.The food is absolutely amazing here. Pulled pork, mashed sweet potatoes, & cornbread = heaven. I recommend calling ahead for your food bc the place is always packed.Good BBQ (as evidenced by the loyal following of law enforcement eating there at any given time).
The Great: smoked chicken wings- great flavor, very tasty. Cole slaw- some of the best I've ever had. Mac n cheese- great blend of cheeses gives it a nice combo of bite and creamy.
The Good: ribs- pretty good, but missing a memorable bark and smoky flavor. Pulled pork- also good, pairs well with the vinegar sauce they serve up front. The cornbread- good stuff.
The Blah: the brisket is way overcooked and is more like pulled beef. A real big miss. Potato salad was really disappointing, especially considering that their other sides are super.
Overall, I dug this place and will be back for wings and ribs. Haven't done the Monday night all-you-can-eat for $19.95, but its on my list of 'to-do's'.The other reviewers are right.  This is one of America's best BBQ places, from the cornbread to the wings to the ribs to the cucumber/tomato salad.  Everything is excellent, including the people who take your orders.Best BBQ food ever. The mac and cheese is heavenly and all of the meats just melt in your mouth. If you haven't tried this place you are definitely missing outOne of the best BBQ places in Philly! I've been here about 4 times already and think their food is delicious. Mac & cheese and pulled pork is amazing.For the record we eat a lot of barbecue and my husband does his own smoking. This is some of the best barbecue in the area hands down. Great atmosphere; location is easy to find off 95 with plenty of street and lot parking. The smell is real as is the food. Sampled ribs, brisket and kielbasa as well as mac& cheese, potato salad, corn bread and the best creamy, cheesy spinach. Everything was perfectly cooked and portions were a nice size.I was introduced to Sweet Lucy's for dinner.  Sweet Lucy's have a bar that carries many local brew.  The setting is comfortable.  When you arrive, you will have to order first before sitting down at a table of your choosing.  I ordered rib with pull pork with Brussels sprout, mashed potato, Mac and cheese, and corn bread as the side.  I also ordered an order of the chicken wings with dry rub.  The food came about 10 minutes later.  Both the rib and pull pork was tender and tasty.  I am not a big fan of Brussels sprouts but their Brussels sprouts was pretty good.  I wish I could have more.  The chicken wings is awesome!  It was tender and tasty.  It does not need any sauce.    There is just one thing.  The tables were slightly sticky.  It feels like a think film of grease stuck to the furniture over time.  If the tables and sauces on the table can be cleaned better, it will elevate customer experience more.  Overall, I loved the restaurant.So I've been comming here for awhile now and I have to say the food is delicious. Friday's I always get the hickory smoked salmon. Literally to die forLove, love, love this place!  Super casual, laid back dining with yummy food.  Beef brisket is nice and tender, BBQ sauce is just perfect.  Mac and cheese and coleslaw are my favorite sides.  I could eat a whole pan of cornbread too!As I'm a southern boy, I've eaten a lot of bar-b-que. Lucy's rate right in the middle of the road for me. They're sides didn't have many vegetable options save the collard greens, I would have loved to see some country green beans, corn something or Brunswick stew. 
The pulled pork was good, and the flavor of the house sauce was also good. Beans were OK and the Mac and Cheese was different and good. As previous posts stated the cornbread was excellent. Chocolate chip bread pudding as a side option tidied things up nicely. 
All in all good meal, but as I said, just middle of the road for me, nothing stood out.Mm, bbq...  This place turns me into Homer Simpson.  Seriously, this place has the best bbq you'll have this side of the Mississippi R. and Mason Dixon Line.  I mean, I've had bbq in Kansas City, and it was better, but not by much, and Sweet Lucy's certainly provides the best bbq fix around these parts.  This is real, down-home bbq - no chain restaurant food, like at Famous Dave's.  No, sir, this is no-frills, mouth-watering meat perfection.
I first went here with a guy I was dating, who I was not that into at first and who I discovered that I didn't like much as a person after I got to know him.  That's the last time I pick up a guy at a dive bar in Philadelphia...  Anyway, he was obsessed with food, fantasizing about it day and night and plotting which restaurant he'd go to next.  The only good thing that came of that relationship was that he took me to Sweet Lucy's, and now that he doesn't live in the state anymore, I've claimed the place as my own piece of bbq heaven.
They've got pulled pork, chicken, spare ribs, etc.  You name it, they bbq it.  And they serve it up with a sweet and perfectly tangy bbq sauce and corn bread.  Totally yummylicious.  And it's BYOB, so bring whatever quenches your thirst.  I'd recommend a good beer, but to each their own.
So basically, you find this place in a warehouse, amid other warehouses on State's Road in no man's land, just two blocks north off of the Cottman exit of I-95.  It used to be a food truck or something, but it got so popular b/c the food was so freaking good that it expanded into the building it's in at present.  You park in their lot, and you head inside.  Pick something you want off their giant-sized menu and place your order at the window.  Then you can scope out a table or grab a chair by the food window and wait patiently until your order is called.  Then dig in!  This place is huge, so bring 30 of your closest friends, and they'll all fit!  It gets a little noisy, but I didn't mind that my first time there because it drowned out the sound of my date's usual dizzying verbal assault.  And when I bit into my juicy spare ribs that fell off the bone - perfection!  I was in bbq heaven, where I wouldn't have noticed how unpleasant my dining companion was no matter who I was eating with.  And ever since, I go with friends, family, and my current boyfriend, which makes it even better because I get to enjoy amazing, fantastic, finger-licking-good bbq with the people I love.  What could be better than that?
Oh, and each item is under $10 unless you want to make a pig of yourself and order the huge party meals.
P.S. - They used to be closed on Mondays, but now they are open, with an all-you-can eat bbq for $17.95 from 5:00-8:30 p.m. or so.  Check out their menu - the all-you-can-eat is a fantastic deal if you can eat a small country and still have room for dessert...Sweet Lucy's is the only place I go for BBQ. They have amazing food that is super fresh and fast service. This place can get a little bumpin' on a weekend and they only offer my favorite food (hickory smoked salmon) on Friday nights so I have to do some time maneuvering to make sure I can get what I want and avoid the crowd. 
Also, a friend of mine used them to cater her daughter's birthday and absolutely loved it. They were easy to deal with, on time, and the food was a huge hit.If you like ribs, this is definatly the place to visit. Perfectly cooked, delicious sauce & great sides.  Service was friendly & food came out quickly. Definatly going to visit again soon.Four stars for the food, zero stars for the service. We placed a call in order and were told it would be twenty minutes. We showed up a few minutes later than that to give them a buffer, and still the food wasn't ready. Not only that, we had to wait an extra 20 minutes in the store while our call ahead takeout order was prepared. WHAT WAS THE POINT OF CALLING?!When you throw a party with Sweet Lucy's, you can be sure it'll be a hit. 
Haven't ever even stepped foot the restaurant itself, but they've STILL earned my praise for best barbecue in the city. Enjoyed their phenomenally juicy fare at a few parties last summer and was instantly hooked. My boyfriend and I later ordered $100 worth of food for our own shindig, which netted several pounds each of pulled meats, sides of mac & cheese, corn bread, baked beans and slow-roasted dreams on a plate.
It remains the restaurant of choice for our circle of friends, all of us apartment dwellers cursed with the absence of a grill, during prime summer cookout season. Do yourself a favor and order up some pork, wings and the must-have mac & cheese. Your belly will thank you.I go here about once a month and I have never been disappointed. Ever. I personally do not eat any pork and they make sure to list what sides contain pork (which is awesome!)
Their rotisserie chicken, pulled chicken, smoked salmon, corn bread, cole slaw, Mac and cheese and mashed sweet potatoes are my personal faves but seriously anything I've ever had here was amazing. I do wish that they offered a vegetarian baked bean option bc well I love baked beans but no biggy.
Anyways, it's affordable, casual, and delish! If you haven't been, give it a try! I guarantee you will come back again and again.Very, very tasty BBQ. Great catering for office events, parties -etc. Everything we needed for our office holiday party was in the box. The servings were huge and we ate on them for days. Everyone was happy and it was SO easy.Worst service I have ever experienced & I've been in the food industry for over 10 years. I waited 20 minutes for a brisket sandwich. The brisket was in a heated chaffing dish so it isn't like they had to make it. I watched plenty of workers standing around and that aggrevated me to no end. I was so disgusted after a 20 minute wait that I asked for my money back. God only knows how much longer I would've waited for precooked food. I'll never step foot in this shitty establishment again. Thanks for a terrible experience!!!BBQ at its best. 
Lots of meats on the menu but, not a lot of veggies but, I liked my chicken .
This place is very clean and, has plenty of seating but, can get very busy.
Good food you have to try it.My co-workers introduced me to Sweet Lucy's and its decent.  I grew up visiting my Aunt in Birmingham, AL so I may have slightly higher standard than most when it comes to BBQ.  This was no Birmingham but its Philly so that's to be expected, it was solid.  I've gotten the chicken sandwich a few times and it tends to be a little dry but I ventured out to the Turkey on my last visit and that was awesome although a little light on the sauces.  Mashed sweet potatoes is probably there best side on the menu.(3.5) ~ good overall food & service & they have a Bar:)
MY MENU:
** Cornbread = (4) very good & moist
** Carmelitta Bar(dessert) = (4) very good
* Sweet Iced Tea = (3.5) good
* St. Louis Style Ribs = (3.5) good
* Mac-n-Cheese = (3.5) good
* Smashed Sweet Potatoes = (3.5) good
* Cheddar & Corn Grits = (3.25) pretty goodBest BBQ joint around.  Brisket is amazing, love all the sides, and now they have a bar.  Can't beat it.Sweet Lucy's have me hook! The Memphis style ribs and the smoked whole wings are awesome! My favorite sides are their mac n cheese, spicy collard greens and garlic mash potatoes  are delicious!What isn't there to like?!  The meats right down to the cornbread is off the hook.  I usually get "Double the Fun".  Their Mac and Cheese is out of this world!!!Have never eaten here before last night but will definitely go back. Party of six. Our waitress Hannah made sure we didn't order too much which is a pleasant change from other servers who try to get you to order everything. The food was great! The BBQ sauce was unbelievable-so good that we got some to take home. Chicken was moist. Cornbread was one of the best I've had. Rib meat fell off the bone. Our new go to BBQ PLACE.Love it here.  always great, always consistent!This place is pure deliciousness !!!!
I had family in town a couple months ago and they can't wait to go back.
We all want more Brussel sprouts and cornbread.
Thanks, my review is way overdueYUMMMMMM doesn't begin to describe their delicious, juicy, tender BBQ meats. My favorite is the chicken, it's so moist. My husband loves the ribs and pulled pork. They also have amazing sides, like beans with bacon, and fresh cornbread. Their BBQ sauce is awesome. They have a huge vat of it, so you can take as much as you want. Definitely my favorite place for BBQ.Sweet Lucys BBQ is located on state road in Philadelphia Pa. Pulling into the parking lot you will see the food truck, where it all started for Sweet Lucys BBQ, before moving to their now vintage warehouse location. 
Upon entering the restaurant there are large signs hanging above, displaying the menu and any specials at that time. You order to the left and pickup on the right. On Mondays it is a flat rate buffet fee that practically Hey serves everything on the menu, as well as desserts. It's buffet Only on Mondays so if you were looking to dine in and order off of their regular menu, I suggest ordering takeout, which still allows to order off of the regular menu during buffet hours. They recently updated the interior added some tv's. They also added alcohol to the menu and a bar! My husband and I mostly order takeout but have also experienced a great dine in atmosphere as well. They offer hickory smoked salmon on Fridays only, which validates it is always fresh and delicious. Each platter comes with a choice of 3 sides and a piece of cornbread. All of the sides are delicious! Some of our favorites are the Mac and cheese, sweet mashed potatoes, and garlic mashed potatoes. When is comes to the meat Everything is delicious!!! From the smoked kielbasa, smoked chicken, pulled pork, Texas chopped beef brisket and the ribs! My husbands favorite is the ribs. It's a hard decision to choose only one, that's why I love the combo platter that are available, ranging from 2 meats, 3 meats and family deals. My personal favorite is the Texas beef brisket sandwich and the smoked kielbasa with the BBQ on the side. Each sandwich platter comes with the choice of two sides. It's a must to order extra of the amazing cornbread, it's fresh, fluffy and has chunks of corn baked in. Whether your dining in or ordering out don't forget to help yourself to the self serve section with souffl cups and lids; a steam table holding hot fresh BBQ sauce, two types of pickles, hot peppers and anything you may need to enhance the already amazing BBQ. Sweet Lucys BBQ is a casual place where you can come with your friends and family and find a mix of people all enjoying delicious bbq. I love Sweet Lucys BBQ! It's the best BBQ by far from anywhere around. So whenever your craving some fresh, fast, outstanding BBQ, think Sweet Lucys Smokehouse!I could live on the sweet tea, pulled pork, and cornbread.... So good! Their other items are also equally delicious. Everything is cooked with that perfect Southern flair that spreads to the kitschy decor. In addition, I also love the way their service works; you get your food when your name is called, gather drinks and toppings at their stations and seat yourself. No waiting on waiters, very convenient.Not much to say other than the fact that their food is amazing! I personally LOVE the ribs and the salmon. The Monday night buffet is seriously heaven! Anytime we want to have BBQ for dinner Sweet Lucy's is our place to go each and every time! I have tried a few other local BBQ restaurants in the area and I have to say none of them compare to Sweet Lucy's!Pretty much everything at Sweet Lucy's is delicious. The meats are the focus, of course, and they don't disappoint - they're flavorful and tender and great. The sides are wonderful, though, too. I particularly like the super-rich, creamy mac and cheese. I'm surprised how much I enjoy the caesar salad - the cornbread croutons are a fantastic touch. The Monday night buffet can't be beat - it's the perfect opportunity to try everything they offer.The owners are really nice people! I love the turkey, and they have some pretty good sides as well! They also have an all you can ear BBQ buffet on Mondays.It was some good ole fashion BBQ. The puled chicken platter was a litte dry but still was delicious.  The baked mac and cheese was some of the best mac and cheese I have ever had.  The BBQ Sauce itself was tangy and had a good flavor.  Great atmosphere too.Delicious delicious meat.  The rib sauce/spice rub was the best I have ever encountered.  The philly brisket sandwich was amazing.  The spinach and potato salad sides were so-so, but the collard greens and Bourbon bread pudding were really fantastic.  The chili was disappointingly cold.  I found the meat at this place generally better then Fette Sau, although Fette Sau has superb pork belly.Great barbecue place with allergy information posted at the cash register, including GLUTEN FREE OPTIONS!! Perfect if you're gluten sensitive or have celiacs. Pricey, but you get a lot of food. Great leftovers.Lucy is my favorite BBQ place in town.
I have always enjoyed all of their food and the service is greatMy favorite barbecue restaurant. The Monday buffet is killer. I fluctuate going as omnivore or pescatarian and there's a great selection for both. Brisket, ribs and salmon are my faves. My sons like the chicken, pulled pork and kielbasa. 
But they have a great selection of sides too-- salads, brussels sprouts, corn bread, collard greens, great desserts... Much more. Staff are always cheerful and friendly.I have had 2 events catered and eaten there several times, yummy! Totally love the Pork BBQ, Mashed Sweet and Mac and Cheese. The Buffet is good but the do run out of things and it can take a LONG time to replace them at the buffet line! If you get to the buffet early it is fine! Definitely a great place and laid back atmosphere!!While it's not the Texas BBQ I grew up with, the food is good and the sides are delicious. We had a pulled pork and a brisket sandwich with Coleslaw, mashed sweet potatoes, garlic mashed and Mac and cheese. Sides were terrific. I preferred the pork since the brisket was far from the smoked beef of Texas.
Nice place with very friendly service.Thanks to the notification about the UYE here, I ordered some take-out from here to try.
We went with a "pig out" meal, which gives you a little bit of everything. Pulled pork, 1/2 chicken, 1 other meat (we went with brisket), 4 1/2 pint sides (slaw, beans, cuke tomato salad, and mac n cheese) plus cornbread. We ate on this for a couple of days. Liked the salad, slaw, pork and brisket. The beans, chicken were OK. 
Overall, I'm glad I found this place. Will have to come back to some of the other things on the menu.I use to come here quite often but had moved away from the location. Was up in the area and decided to stop in. Foods always great.  Ambience is perfect they have a nice little bar that you can sit at. A have an expanded seating area. Sadly, the portions have become smaller and they now put your food in black plastic to go containers even when you eat in. There was way more bun than pulled chicken on my sandwich. Not really a touch I would have finished things off with but oh well.  Smaller portions equals no bueno in my book.  Bring back the plates and side dishes you use to use.Great BBQ good at the right price. They also have a nice bar area to have a couple cold ones to wash it all down with. Great beer choices as well.Thanks once again YELP!
I was at home pondering on what to do for dinner and began to scroll thru yelp. The amazing pictures I saw led me to the website for sweet Lucy's. Of course then I found out today was all you can eat BBQ night! I immediately got dressed and drove over. The place was packed but I had a beer while I waited and then once we got our table it was game time. I hate turkey but there's was so tender and juicy. Spinach was amazing as well as the mac. Everything I had was superb. They kept everything coming out regularly so it was so warm and fresh. This is indeed a new go to for me. First timer. Thanks yelp and thanks sweet Lucy's for such an amazing BBQ experience!The food was not bad but it certainly was not good bbq. I had a two meat combo with pulled pork and beef brisket. For sides I chose coleslaw, garlic mashed potatoes and mac and cheese. The meal also came with a choice of bread so I picked cornbread.
I would classify myself as a bbq purist believing that bbq meat should be served without being soaked in sauce. I have nothing against sauce but the meat should be moist and flavorful on its own. The sauce that they soaked the meat in was very bland and added nothing of value to my meal.
The sides were nothing to write home about either. They were just ok, not great.
Overall I would rate my meal average at best which is very disappointing considering all the good reviews it has received here on yelp.Sweet Lucy's is a great rib joint a lot of flavor but the prices for what it is and the location are way too high, they need to offer the customer a little more.I ate dinner at 5pm. Now it's 1am and I still can't move. =/ If you love bbq and can eat a lot, coming here on a Monday for their all you can eat is worth it. They offer a pretty good selection at the buffet bar including many sides and lots of different meat choices.
Of the sides, my favorites were the mac 'n cheese, corn bread, and the baked beans. They also had macaroni salad, potato salad, coleslaw, collard greens, and mash potatoes. If I really wanted to, eating just the sides alone would've stuffed me!
Of the meats, my favorites were the baby back ribs, beef brisket, and pulled pork. They also had pulled chicken, shrimp, hickory smoked salmon, pork ribs, and some beef tenderolin? All I know is that there were A LOT of meat! 
Now to top off this ultimate comfort food menu, they had pretty good desserts too. Cookies, bread pudding, and ice cream. You really can't go wrong there (unless you ate too much like I did).
I'd definitely recommend checking it out. It's $18.95 + tax and buffet is from 5 - 8:30. They also accept credit cards. Also, on regular days, they do have a full menu of different bbq stuff you can buy by the pound and so fourth.Delicious BBQ and VERY loyal to their customers! We had our sons birthday party catered by them and it was a big hit with very large portions! Thanks so much!Although it was very nice of you to respond to my review, it does not really change anything.  It still appears that I cannot get ribs over the phone if I call in an order on Monday nights.  And now it appears worse because even if I call, you don't seem to be able to sell them to me. 
If the misinformation happened once, I would understand.  But it happened twice on two separate calls to your business.  I'm glad that you explained your practice to me, but it's really the people who handle your phone calls that could use your message.Stopped in there for the first time to get some takeout today. I got a pulled pork sandwich, mashed potatoes, and mac n cheese. It was under $10 including a soda! The food was excellent and I'm so glad I didn't stop at McDonald's. Seemed very organized/clean, nice big menu, and the take out girl was very nice. I tried to tip, but they don't accept it! Definitely recommendSweet, sweet Lucy.  This place is a meat lover's paradise.  So delicious my nephew said that he would like to eat their food every day for the rest of his life.  It's just that good.  
The ribs are tender, flavorful and coated with the perfect amount of delicious BBQ sauce.  The pulled pork is to die for and what I love the most is the vinegar dressing, which I prefer on my pulled pork instead of BBQ sauce.
The corn bread is sweet and buttery and the sweet tea is so...sweet.  Unfortunately they did not have this on my most recent visit, the horror!  I almost threw a temper tantrum in the middle of the restaurant.  But I survived.
My only complaint is some of the sides are misses.  Specifically, the mac and cheese is lacking in flavor and the "cheesy" creamed spinach is in need of more cheese.  Perhaps these items just seem bland next to the most excellent, flavor-packed meat.
If you're looking for a no frill BBQ joint in Philly, follow the smell of the smokers to Sweet Lucy's.This place has amazing sides. I was disappointed with their ribs, I guess I expected way more but all of their sides are amazing! Customer service was good too!Happened upon this place randomly when I was getting my car fixed in the Northeast.....decided to give it a try.  I'm a Texan who grew up with BBQ, so I immediately gravitated to this place....
The atmosphere is homey, open and super casual....with rolls of paper-towels on the tables.  A mix of bubbas and families (lots of take-out orders). 
I had a hard time deciding between the Pulled Pork and the Texas Brisket.....but I had to try their version of TX.  I was surprised when my order arrived, to see pulled brisket - not the sliced....I don't know anywhere in TX that serves brisket like this?  It didn't taste bad, it just was not what I expected.  Disappointing really. I got Baked Beans as a side - those were also a disappointment - tasted more like Pinto Beans than sweet, bbq baked beans.....just didn't like the flavor....yuck.  
My BF enjoyed the Pulled Pork Sandwich.   
You can top your meal off with peppers, pickles and more sauce if desired...do-it-yourself.
Overall we liked the place and will go back to try another round of something different.  The buffet sounds appealing!I love this place so much. Any meat will be insanely good. Brussel sprouts and mac and cheese is so far my favorite 2 sides (if I have to choose!!). Cornbread is insanely good.
My company had them cater a celebration - those buffalo wings stole the showBrisket was excellent and really tender. Kielbasa was pretty good, not fatty. Pulled pork was tough and chewy. The salmon po' boy is not fried and is simply salmon, lettuce, tomato and pickles on a roll. I was not blown away. The sides are decent... cheesy grits were fantastic, beans, sweet potato and corn bread were very good. Cole slaw was just ok. We would probably not rush back here.Best BBQ in Philadelphia. All their food is great, but there brisket is the best brisker I've ever had whenever I get it!  I highly recommend Sweet Lucy's.Sweet lucy's is by far my favorite place for barbeque.My husband knew about it so we stopped on the way home for some take out.Everything was delicious hot and fresh we loved all the sides and the best cornbread anywhere even the creamed spinach was unbelievable.I wish it was closer it takes like 40 minutes to get there but worth the trip.This was our first visit and we weren't disappointed. My brother and I took our uncle here for lunch and the food was delicious. Service was great and the atmosphere is sports bar rustic. I will definitely be backTop Shelf BBQ, liked it better with the BYO option, the Bar gets expensive in a hurry! Very busy, but moves quickly, great quality food and fair prices for the product. Recommended!Eh not a huge fan of the smokey flavor.  its ok.  definitely not the best.I discovered this jewel through my boyfriend who was craving bbq. 
We were pleasantly surprised that the food [and interior of the restaurant] was SO much better than expected. The entrance to the restaurant itself looks suspicious as it's a building that is located in a parking lot within a fence, but it's there! 
All the meats were delicious and so flavorful without being dry at all. Our personal favorites were the pulled chicken, pulled pork, sliced brisket, and kielbasa]. As for the sides, I cannot recommend the mac and cheese more than ever; it's the best mac I've ever had! The other sides were JUST as good but I'm a sucker for cheesey things. The corn bread is also to die for [and I normally HATE corn bread], but I had to grab more to-go as we left. 
Definitely coming back!This place has THE BEST BBQ HANDS DOWN IN NORTHEAST PHILADELPHIA!!! They are consistent with great food and good service every time I go! I'm in love with their hot BBQ sauce OMG it's soooo good and just the right spicy! But the Bacon Brussel Sprouts will punch you right in the month with flavor on flavor they are delicious I was so not expecting all this good flavor to come from a BBQ place on State Road this was a sweet surprise!! Good BBQ with a ton of fresh homemade sides is what you get at Sweet Lucy's!!!It's been about 10 years since I've been to Sweet Lucy's.  I recall the first time I went thinking the food was delicious but the atmosphere was a little off.
This time I remember the food was delicious and the atmosphere is perfect for a barbecue place. When you first arrive you may be taken back by the fact that it is located in what appears to be an old warehouse. Do not be deceived you are in the correct location. Upon arrival there was a huge menu board and a counter to order from. You have options from sandwiches, ribs, and platter entres. There is the normal barbecue fair, and a wonderful selection of side dishes.
I watered the sliced brisket sandwich, with  2 side dishes.  I had garlic mashed potatoes and gravy... and macaroni and cheese.  The food was delivered to my table hot and delicious.  There was ample room in the dinning area.  I won't be waiting 10 years to go back here!
Visit #2-  excellent again.  Very consistantExcellent bar-b-que. My son and his friends frequent here. They absolutely love it and on occasion he has brought over different things for me to try. Have to say I'm partial to the brisket,  especially when an end is available. It's seasoned perfectly and tender enough that u could cut it with a fork. If any of u know about brisket,  the only way to get it tender is to cook it for hours and hours. Sweet Lucy has perfected that.Best bbq in the ne. Great ribs and delicious Mac n cheese. This place never disappoints.Incredible food!! We had our rehearsal dinner here, the staff was friendly and very accommodating. LOVE the Mac and cheese!!! Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives needs to come here ASAP!!I had the good fortune to spend four years in South Carolina at college to become very acquainted with slow-cooked barbecue. Sweet Lucy's is every inch of that wonderful smoky pink-centered goodness... just north of the Mason Dixon. 
The homemade barbecue and vinegar sauces are absolutely wonderful. You can give them all a try because they lay them out at the pick-up window in their restaurant. (The wait time, by the way, is incredibly fast. You'll barely make it to your seat.)
Platter price is a little over ten dollars. You can buy "meat only" for less than that. I've loved the fall-off-the-bone ribs, smoked kielbasa (okay, that doesn't exist down south) and barbecued chicken... but my favorite and mainstay is the to-perfection pulled pork barbecue sandwich with a side of creamy mac and cheese. During the summer I'll choose German red-skinned potato salad and in the winter the baked beans, but I never deviate from that Mac and Cheese. 
The triple chocolate brownie also kicks a lot of butt. If you have room. 
If you aren't a fountain soda type, don't forget that Sweet Lucy's is a BYOB. Their barbecue and your favorite brews = heaven. Trust me on this. 
Ambiance- think exposed-brick walls and ductwork with country music softly in the background and ESPN or the game on one of their well-placed flat screen wall-mounted TVs. 
This place would be fantastic for groups and kids; I've never been at a time when all the tables were taken or it was too noisy to carry on a conversation. 
I've eaten here at least a dozen times over the year since discovering this place, and I've recently enjoyed their catering as well. I will absolutely keep them in mind for future gatherings. The staff is very professional, friendly, quietly keeps the food rolling out and totally unobtrusive. I love Sweet Lucy's for their barbecue foremost, but I have to say the professionalism of their catering operation was the best I've seen from any corporate vendor.Great place for BBQ.  Meats are very good and great selection of tasty sides.  Don't leave without trying the carmelitta bar for dessert.  Best ever!Excellent barbecue! We drove from New Jersey to Sweet Lucy's as their taste can't be beat.I'm not a real big bbq guy, but they have good food.  Love their mac and cheese.  Everyone I go with really enjoys it.Excellent. I'm glad I stumbled across this little gem. 
I'm not familiar with this area but while I was visiting, decided to grab some dinner. I'm happy I did. 
The place is very casual and very clean. Staff was friendly and attentive. 
You start by placing your order at the window and getting a # to place on your table. 
I decided to sit at the bar. (You can order directly from the bar)
They have a decent beer list, sell beer to go and offer a discounted ($5) beer of the month. 
The menu has a lot to offer, I was torn between the brisket and ribs. (Sadly they were out of brisket, so) I went with the ribs. Ribs were excellent. Included in a platter is 3 sides and cornbread. For my sides I chose Mac and cheese, greens and garlic mashed potatoes. BF went with the pulled pork, Mac and cheese, baked beans and garlic mashed. We both enjoyed everything. 
Service was great, food was excellent and prices are good. If I'm ever in the area again I will be back for sure!! Check this place out!!First time visit tonight.  Very slow ordering process.  Not too long a wait for food.  I got bbq pulled pork sandwich with Cole slaw and Mac and cheese.  Hubby got turkey, mashed potatoes and Cole slaw and cornbread.  All came out in styrofoam containers.  Food was delicious, with only the pulled pork being a little dry.  No table service.  Shame to throw all that packaging in the trash.  Portions were average. Place could have been a bit cleaner. Overall it was okay.Oh my god, yum. I'm a displaced Southerner at imminent risk of starving to death north of the Mason-Dixon. Sweet Lucy's might've just saved me, though. They have any kind of BBQ you can imagine, from brisket to kielbasa; I opted for the pulled pork (remarkably like what comes out of my grandpa's smoker for the grill at the family's general store in Middle Georgia). It might've relied a bit too heavily on the sauce, but the meat underneath had a lovely smoky flavor. They also have all the traditional sides: mashed sweet (or regular) potatoes, baked beans, macaroni salad, etc. I got mashed potatoes with gravy, which were wonderful and clearly didn't come out of any box, and the baked mac and cheese, which was passable (my grandma's recipe is the standard of comparison, never yet matched, so my expectations of mac are probably pretty ridiculous). The cole slaw is quite tasty, rather than a perfunctory afterthought. The cornbread wasn't to my taste---it's sweet cornbread not savory and that's not how I grew up on it--but I have a feeling the leftovers will vanish from my fridge somehow. Lastly, the sweet tea is the *real deal*, not the watered down, derivative crap McDonald's started serving last year. 
I told the girl at the counter that I was from down south and the restaurant smelled like home to me; she said "I've been working here a couple months and I still eat every lunch from here. It's really good!"
The portions are very generous. My pulled pork platter to go cost $11.38 and it'll feed me twice; it was 4:00 by the time I got to Sweet Lucy's not having eaten a thing all day and I still could eat only about half of what I got.
The ambience of this place is extremely unfancy; it's in a corner of an old warehouse in the run-down post-industrial exhaust-smelling neighborhood near State and Cottman. Probably you don't want to take your prom date here. Unless your prom date is for real serious about good BBQ. In which case: score!
I'm going back real soon to get some Texas Brisket. And all the sweet tea I can drink. I can brew it myself at home but somehow the world's a more welcoming place when I can go out and get some that someone else made!Went to the Monday night buffet, it was awesome! Barbeque is very good I didn't even use any sauce on anything. What makes this buffet over the top is the awesome sides they are all great! The cornbread is spectacular!! Well worth 21 dollars.My coworker suggested that we have Sweet Lucy's cater our lunch meeting and raved about the place. Even though I have my favorite BBQ spot, I figured anything sounded better than dinner leftovers. They brought the works: bbq chicken, pork, beef, collard greens, mashed potatoes, sweet mashed, cornbread, rolls and cesar salad. Everything was great, even the cornbread was soft (not gritty!) and I normally don't like cornbread. If I'm in the area, I would definitely go there again. The only reason why it gets 4 stars is because my heart still goes to my favorite place, which I won't name here, in honor of Sweet Lucy's page.Mac and cheese - Really good. I'm very particular about mac and cheese and I don't think anything is better than stuff in the blue box but this is numero dos in my book
Coleslaw - pretty good.  cream based and goes well with the kind of peppery BBQ sauce
Sweet Potatoes -  so so good. complements the meat really well.
Ribs - Tender but not fall off the bone - which I like. Nice smokey taste but not overpowering
Pulled Pork - Meh. It tasted pretty dry.
Brisket - Did I miss somewhere on the menu that it's chopped brisket??? I was expecting slices of brisket and was dissapointed when I saw chopped meat. I was willing to over look that it was chopped but like the pork it was pretty dry.
Smoked Chicken Wings and Rotisserie chicken - My favorite out of the bunch. So moist and flavorful.First time here for a friends birthday celebration. The staff is very nice and attentive. I ordered "double the fun", the ribs and kielbasa and was not disappointed! The corn bread is amazing!! 
Would recommend for all ages and families!
The atmosphere is very casual. The bar staff is quick with orders and made the drinks well.
This is Memphis style BBQ. Sweet and tender meat falling off of the ribs and the kielbasa had some snap to its bite. Very clean establishment. I wish that I had more room for more food. Hope to visit again soon!Delicious and friendly service.  Monday buffet was so good.  We also had them cater for us.  Great food, fast delivery and set up.  Can't wait to go back.Very delicious Bbq. Highly recommended, we drive more than one hour for the bbq. The staff is very friendly and helpful with recommendations. The cornbread is a must have. We always take additional pieces home. Great menu for the kids. My kids liked  the pull chicken sandwich it was delicious is what they said. Pickle bar and bar for beer is awesome!We went with friends. 4 of us. We each got the quadruple by pass combo. I had ribs, pulled pork, sliced chicken breast, and pulled chicken. All of it was delicious, perfectly cooked. Sides were awesome. Had cheesy spinach, coleslaw, and bacon brussels. Not one bad bite! Country music, nice atmosphere. The sangria was delicious. Bread pudding is terrific. Corn bread to die for.Great food and atmosphere and fabulous service. Great place for dates or family night.While I haven't visited Sweet Lucy's restaurant, I have had their catering.  OMAGAH! (Which is "Oh My God!" with a mouthful of delicious pulled pork)  Delicious!  Try the mac and cheese too.Amazing food. We drive all the way from Bear, Delaware at least once a month. Awesome pulled pork and the best macaroni and cheese I've ever had. It's my hubby's favorite restaurant!Bad News - Drove 25 mins on Sat night and got there around 7:20pm only to find out they were out of ribs.  Yes, ribs.  Like going to McDonalds and finding out they're out of Hamburgers or going to Morton's Steak House only to find out they're out of steaks.  These people could care less and its run by young kids taking orders behind a counter.  Then I find out they're going to do me a favor and make more ribs, but I would have to wait 15+ mins.  I told them I drove 25 mins for dinner.  They could care less.Never have I had BBQ better than Sweet Lucy's. I attend the Wildwood BBQ and Jazz fest every year, with vendors from all over the USA, none of whom have come close to the amazing experience that is Sweet Lucy's!I am on a BBQ kick lately and when I typed my zip in Yelp, Sweet Lucy's came up #1. So, that was easy for my addiction. I loved the options of BBQ food, price was modest, the service and environment were nice. 
Most importantly, the BBQ Pork and Brisket was the bomb, so fresh and juicy. The mashed potatoes were good and I like the mac n cheese...it was a lil spicy but good. Then, my dessert was the corn bread...I just wish I had more butter.
Thanks Sweet Lucy's for feeding my BBQ addiction. You have a fan!i love sweet lucy's! such great southern food. so so good. it's always worth making the trip out here.
my top recs: pulled pork, memphis baby back ribs, coleslaw, baked beans, garlic mashed potatoes, macaroni and cheese, and of course - cornbread!This is my 2nd visit to Sweet Lucy's.  My first trip was for the monday night buffet special which is pretty good.  On Friday night, we went for a quick dinner.  I had the pulled pork sandwich which was great.  I am repeating the multiple praises for the whipped sweet potatoes.  And the mac and cheese is among the best I have tasted at BBQ joints.  I highly recommend a visit.  What is keeping me from giving 5 stars is that I haven't tried all of the sides.  I bet that once I have tried all of them, I will be revising my rating to 5 stars!I love this place, I always try to stop there when I'm in the part of the city around meal time. Good food, good service and a great atmosphere. Do yourself a favor and check it out.Picked up takeout from here for the first time the other night.  Food was excellent, I was pleasantly surprised given the unassuming neighborhood!  Will be back for sure.  Looks like a nice place to eat in as well, good specials and beer selection.We have only had takeout from Sweet Lucy's, but that is enough for me to say the food is delicious.  Not being a barbecue aficionado I cannot speak to the authenticity of its smokehouse preparation, but I know what I like and I enjoy their food.  We especially liked the pulled chicken and pork.  The selection of sides is large and offers something for everyone.  The creamed spinach, bacon sauted brussel sprouts and mashed sweet potatoes are all delicious.  The service has always be friendly and attentive at the takeout window, and the prices are reasonable given the quality and quantity of food.We found Sweet Lucy's on Yelp this morning and thought we'd give it a shot!  Everything was awesome.  We ordered the Pig Out Standard for 4 and all left so full, but oh so happy!  The restaurant is clean and the staff is friendly. This will be our new go-to spot for barbecue!Excellent dinner. Cannot go wrong with anything on the menu! I had the pulled pork platter with garlic mashed potatoes, baked beans and the cucumber tomato salad. Would recommend not having the cucumber sail and maybe having Mac and cheese or collard greens. Everyone at my table got different sides so I was able to taste almost all. Brisket ribs and wings are also amazing! AND they have a hot pepper bar..... AMAZING!Tried the sliced beef briskit platter with collard greens, cabbage and coleslaw.  Pretty good Will try more items next time.Simply the best bbq in the city.. Cornbread is better than mine. These guys really do have it all... And the complimentary water ice was icing on the cake. Grest food Great service and a clean restaurant. . Doesnt get any better..Wanted to give it 4 stars because my meal was great and the prices were right, but my husband was unhappy with his tough brisket and pork. He said the meat as well as the spicy greens lacked flavor, although he agreed my hot wing platter was good and the sauce was garlicky and delicious. I originally ordered the turkey but they were sold out. Cornbread was hot and delicious. Mac and cheese is a must. It's a BYOB, which is nice but I brought wine and they offer plastic cups only. There are no waiters or waitresses and you order, sit down and wait to hear your name. Wasn't expecting this but it helps keep the costs down so I'm all for it. Because of my meal the husband is willing to try again so we will be back. The atmosphere was nice too.I absolutely love this place. The ribs and pulled pork have to be my favorite and the sweet potato mash is a dream. I could eat it everyday. The only thing I've tried that I'm not crazy for is the Mac n cheese. It just reminds me of the banquet frozen kind.. Maybe it's the cheese definitely not my grams. But besides that everything else is amazing. I try and change it up each time but I can't give up those ribs. The bread pudding is pretty Bangin too. Love this place    Definitely worth every penny. Oh yeah Great prices too! Must try if you haven't and you love some bbq. BarbequeforeverBeen coming here for the last 11 years and it will always be the best you can get, especially in northeast philly. There is no better bbq than this place. My only complaint would be that the sides lack consistency with how they're cooked. Sometimes the spinach is perfect, sometimes it's super runny.... that type of thing. If they could get on top of that, it would be perfect. I've also done their catering a few times and they pack everything up ssssoooooo well and perfect and have never messed up a single one of my orders. Sweet Lucy's is always our go to for bbqOK so I Heard about this place about five months ago. I went to the location and it's a nice chill spot in the industrial parts on State Road. I didn't know what to expect so I got something simple  a half rack of ribs with three sides they were collard greens mac & cheese and mashed potatoes with the cornbread. It smelled so good I could not wait until I got it home so I can try it. Well to say the least I was not disappointed it was ridiculously delicious from the taste to the tenderness . So I was back the very next evening and order the same exact thing. So over the next couple months I've been there about 8 to 10 times take out dining in or pick up order. Into those times I've had a wonderful experience with it being consistent. When I mean by consistent you would've thought that it was Groundhog Day because it was the exact same taste. Now that happened eight or nine different times today brings me to this review because I'm really upset I'm more upset because they thought they could get overall me by trying to hide the burn ribs by adding extra sauce to it. The ribs I got today which really pissed me off because I ordered a half of a rack and the whole rack so I order was about $45 in total and I will pissed to say the least. I felt like they knew about the ribs being over cooked and being chewy .They very salty and I still think that they put profit over customer satisfaction and that's what pissed me off. They offered to redo my ribs but I refused because I did not feel like driving back so then she offered to mail me out a gift card which I thought that was kind of insulting all by itself. I know she was trying to keep me as a customer but she ruined that when I felt that when I brought my concerns about the consistency of the food that I just purchased she acted like she was dumbfounded and didn't know what I was talking about but anybody who has eat in there knows that this was not what they're selling these were just disgusting . I felt like if I eat these I would have immediate  heartburn !!! They were so salty that it almost tasted  as if though The salt from the saltshakers lid came off. I was just very disappointed to say the least my taste buds were all for having ribs and there's a rib place closer to my house and I drove 12 blocks to get to this place and it is really upsetting they could've drove them out to me or they could've took responsibility and said yes you know we apologize!Finally went to Sweet Lucy's after years of reading rave reviews. As a serious backyard BBQer for over a decade, I have pretty high standards.  The food here is good, and in fact, VERY good.  Sides were delicious, cornbread was fresh and cake-like. Service was friendly, and efficient.  There is a wide selection of items and combos, and in general, and the prices are very reasonable.
But I came here for 'cue, and that is primarily where my rating comes from.  I had both the brisket and pulled pork as a combo. Both were tender,moist, and lightly smoked. The quality of the meat was fine.  My issue was really one of presentation.  In most Cue places I have visited across the country, brisket is served sliced (and often "chopped" is an option.) Pulled pork (which I normally only order in the Carolinas) is served with sauces (and a topping of cole slaw) optional.  Traditionally (depending on Carolina geography) sauces can be based on Vinegar and spice, sometimes with a little ketchup added, sometime mustard based... you get the picture.
Lucy's serves brisket and pulled pork chopped and pulled respectively, with a sweet ketchup-based (Kansas City Style) sauce already on top. Inasmuch as this is PROBABLY what most Philadelphians (raised on KC Masterpiece or Sweet Baby Ray's) expect, I suspect this approach satisfies 90% of customers.  If you are not picky about your 'cue (meaning you it it A LOT, and at different venues) you will be most happy with what comes out of your Styrofoam container. If you ARE picky about your 'cue, you would notice immediately, that once covered in KC style sauce, it is almost impossible to distinguish between chopped brisket and pulled pork.
In all fairness, I never ASKED if I could have had my brisket sliced, or served "dry" - sauce on the side.  I guess I COULD have ordered cole slaw as one of my sides and topped the pulled pork with it... Maybe I'll go back and try that.
I really hate to ding the place, because they serve up good food at reasonable prices. But in the end, when I can have a comparable 'Cue experience (with a lot more flexibility at a chain like Famous Dave's) I see a mom-and-pop place lose its edge (and I really root for these kinds of places.)The Fridays-only smoked salmon platter was AMAZING. Perfectly smoked fish. You get 3 sides and I included excellent grits. Worth the $15.95, a dinner-sized portion of fish for lunch. I will definitely make this dish a Friday treat again.There is not a better BBQ restaurant in the city, have never gone to Sweet Lucy's and been disappointed. Every thing is cooked to perfection and how you want. The only problem is figuring out what to get. The success is in the pride they have with the final product.This is the best barbeque I've had in Philly.  Too bad it's so out of the way...  On my first and only visit I got the half-rack ribs platter, which was huge and delicious.  The garlic mashed potatoes were some of the best I've ever had.  The collard greens were excellent as well.  I'll definitely make sure to stop by Lucy's the next time I find myself in Northeast Philly.I haven't written a review in awhile but the meal I just had at Sweet Lucy's compelled me to come out of my Yelp sabbatical.
First off, the restaurant itself is welcoming and they serve alcohol. Good start. And the food. Oh my god the food.
I had:
-Pulled pork sandwich
-Mac n cheese
- Cheesy spinach
- Cornbread
- Unsweetened iced tea
Best spinach, yes SPINACH, I have ever had in my life, hands down. I could eat it everyday. The cornbread was moist (ew) and the perfect density. The pulled pork was stellar, really loved the sauce and the roll and the Mac n cheese was delicious. Washed it all down with an unsweetened iced tea. I am excited to work my way down the menu. I love you Sweet Lucy's.The food was delicious and the portions were a great size! I had the pulled pork and wings and the wings were so big I took them home! For sides the mac was nice and creamy and the mashed sweet potatoes were perfect! Didn't care too much for the collards but everything else was phenomenal! Service was great as well! When I come back to Philly will definitely stop here again!BAKED BEANS BAKED BEANS BAKED BEANS!!!!!
Smoked Wings Smoked Wings Smoked Wings. 
I don't like baked beans normally, but I ordered them for a Kid with new braces put on and basically on a Hunger Strike for causing the pain. We ate the beans and smoked wings.  I went back the very next day and got two quarts of them. They have crack in them coupled with burnt ends and God knows what else but seriously very good. I know I'm talking about Baked Beans but I'm just being honest.   
The rest of the Menu is BBQ and it's all very good. They have the Smoke thing down very well, which in my opinion many places lack cause they don't have 24 hour staff to stoke and watch the wood. 
FYI  the Kid is over the Hunger Strike and all is well in the world again.Every visit is the same, great food at a reasonable price.   No atmosphere but it's worth going.   The bathroom are the cleanest I have seen.We use Sweet Lucy's to cater our work events for our employees. It's always AMAZING. The food is always consistent. The orders (catering) is always ready on time for pick up. The food is just sooo good, the potato salad is my favorite! 
The staff is friendly, the main Bartender, her name slips my mind (dark hair, glasses) is A Doll! and  makes awesome sangria. I really love visiting Sweet Lucy's. It never fails to be a great experiance.Great BBQ house. Their sauce is definitely unique. The ribs are nice and large and filled with meat. Sides are great. Hands down awesome BBQ. You won't be disappointed.I love this place. The only reason why I didn't give 5 stars is because it's expensive and far for me The Mac n cheese, collards and pulled pork are to die for! Yummy! And can't forget the fresh brewed ice tea!Great spot for barbecue, probably one of the best in the city. I have been here countless times and I'm never disappointed. The all you can eat special on Monday's is awesome. I always tell myself not to over indulge in the mac and cheese, but that's impossible.I know this place has a lot of devotees, but after having been here about 6 times, I'm not one of them. The food, all of it, is squarely average. Just not great BBQ. There are better places around.I have always liked Sweet Lucy's, the flavor of the BBQ and the sauce are outstanding, but the last couple of times i have eaten there I have been disappointed in the portion size and most recently, the mashed potatoes.
If you like BBQ then you must come here. They offer everything from pulled pork, to ribs to rotisserie chicken, and about 10 different sides, PLUS bread and butter (your choice of cornbread, Italian roll, or a round roll). My favorite sides are the baked beans and cucumber/tomato salad. 
Not sure what they changed about their mashed potatoes recently, but they taste like store grave now. I had 3 bites of mine on Sunday, and just stopped. I couldn't eat the rest. The baked beans are always so good, but they gave me a very small portion, i was done them in about 10 bites.
Overall, a lot of options are available, and there is something for everyone. Good for large parties and they offer a buffet on Monday nights.Delicious BBQ! Pulled pork and brisket are amazing. Mac and cheese, brussel sprouts,baked beans. All are yummmmmyy.. Wanted to try this place for a long time and glad I did!First off, I can't believe they don't have a perfect 5-star rating on here...
I went there again yesterday with my lady and you'd think we're a bunch of fat-asses.  For starters, I would suggest your first time be on a Monday night when they have the all you can eat buffet.  It's a little pricey ($18.95 a head) but the food you're getting far exceeds the price.  Everything on their menu is part of the buffet and is literally mouth-watering BBQ x's 10.
On a regular day, I get the pulled pork platter with a side of mac-n-cheese and garlic mashed potatoes.  The mac-n-cheese has some of the burnt top on it like mom makes and from what everyone else says, it's exactly like eating down south.
Sweet Lucy's started as a food truck that served the factory workers in the area (this is why the store is located where it is now).  From what I heard, they won an award for being like the best southern-style food and best food truck one year, so they decided to open a restaurant.  Thank the gods above for that!
Rarely do we go up to Northeast Philly to eat because we love the Northern Liberties restaurants, but Sweet Lucy's is worth the drive and I recommend it to everybody.I first went on black friday, with my 15 year old nephew, who is also a ribs phanatic. We ordered our lunch combos and discussed coming for a monday night buffet. Neither of us could finish our meals, let alone consider an all you can eat!  We both left full and with left overs!
You can tell it's all handmade - no canned stuff here!
I got the ribs and my nephew got the pulled chicken  - four different sides, all awesome!
The sauce is sweet, not spicy.
I bought several gift cards while there and gave them as christmas presents. We'll be going back soon ourselves.I think I had too high of an expectation. When I walked into the place, I was slightly disappointed by the fact that it looks like a chain place. Somehow the vibe of the place does not have that this-is-one-of-a-kind-place feel.
I got the three meat combo. The checkout lady wasn't so sure what her favorites were, so I had to go with what I usually get at BBQ...just all at once. Pulled Pork, Brisket, Ribs.
-Pulled Pork didn't have much smoky flavor to it. The taste was also bit too vinegary.
-Brisket was also shredded/pulled rather than sliced against the grain. So it was a bit tough. Like Pulled pork, it didn't have enough smoky flavor.
-Ribs. This was the best thing. The BBQ sauce was tangy and sweet but not too sweet. But the most importantly, it was smoky. It had that BBQ smell. I could smell the smoke from the meat and the bones, which is always a good thing.
Sides:
-Beans: Too saucy for me. I like my beans without too much sauce. The meat in it was good though (I think they use their pulled pork?)
-Collard greens: Whatever...it's just vegetable
-Corn bread: Whatever...it's just bread.
So final thoughts? I was hoping that this place was gonna be one-stop shop for BBQ in Philadelphia. But no no, the ribs are definitely worth trying. Other things? I still need to keep searching.Have you ever walked into an establishment and felt an overwhelming feeling of happiness? Well that's how I feel when I walk into Sweet Lucy's. Each time I walk in, I feel like I am at home and I love it. It can be a bit intimidating when you first walk in, because there is a giant menu right about the cashier, so if it is your first time, grab a menu or just stand off to the side while you look at heaven above. 
I typically go for the, "Double the fun" which comes with two meats, three sides and a roll or cornbread (always go cornbread...it's bbq). My go to is, Texas beef brisket, kielbasa, mac and cheese, cole slaw and mashed potatoes. Never once have I been let down by this combination..."not once" (for the Dewey Cox fans our there). I can't really describe the flavor other that delicious. 
The food is amazing and the atmosphere is great too. The cashiers and cooks are always happy to interact with you, it never seems like a burden to anyone working there. They put a bar in recently too and that is a game changer. I've seen people go to the bar, get a few drinks and contemplate what delicious bbq they are going to enjoy. They have one of the newer coke machines that lets you mix flavors, but they also have an assortment of teas. With that being said, I typically make my own Arnie Palmies (for you "The Other Guys" fans). The eating area is a big open space, so it's like one, big communal meal and I dig that. It's great going in when sports teams are playing, because there is a lot of interaction with the other customers and it makes for fun environment. 
If you are in the Northeast, or within driving distance, or even flying distance, Sweet Lucy's is well worth the trip. Regardless of where I am in Philly, this is always at the top of my list for lunch and dinner. I have never had a bad experience here and I don't think I ever will. Do yourself a favor, stop on in, grab a drink and get some great bbq.Fabulous food!! Great service! I love that I can order ahead and pick up! So worth the money!Hands down best barbecue in the city.  Nothing comes close.  Always first place in my mind when I think of going out to eat.  Ribs are excellent, barbecue sauce is delicious.  Just tried the chicken wings for the first time.  Unbelievably great.  Monday's are the best for their $20 buffet that shouldn't be missedAfter my horrible experience with Fat Jacks I came here to Sweet Lucy's. This was the best move I made. I ordered 2 double the fun with included pulled pork, chicken, and brisket and an order of chicken. Everything was amazing. The one downfall is the little bit of greens they give you. I also love that they give you tootsie rolls in your bag. I will definitely come back again.I would like to preface this review with pointing out that no one need get their panties in a bunch about the 3 star rating I giving this place. Sweet Lucy's is has its strengths but I have went twice now and still feel cheated on the swine after hearing all the hype about this great BBQ truck turned restaurant. Frankly, the famed pulled pork missed entirely on consistency and flavor each time I've had it. I can forgive the flavor, that I know I am picky on, but not the consistency. That's what BBQ is all about, the consistency, and the pork i had needed six more hours in the cooker for god's sake! And since pork and BBQ go hand-in-hand (unless your in Texas) I feel I am being generous with my rating. 
While on the topic on the need for longer cook times. The brisket too needed further artistry in the consistency department. Tough and chewy is not what I expect from slow cooked meats. The pulled chicken had redeeming qualities, supple and juicy, though a bit bland. This blandness, however,  was nowhere to be found when it came to smoked rotisserie chicken or hot wings. The wings especially blew me away,  with the hickory aroma and crispiness. Best wings in town so far. 
The beef ribs and the beef tenderloin were also quite good, but less fall-the-bone BBQ good and more just simply well spiced good.  While the kielbasa really delivered, with its nearly smooth texture and slightly sweet flavor.
All in all. 
Lucy's is worth a go for wings and beef but little with regards to pork.
The BYOB factor is also a draw.Some of the better bbq in the area.  The greens are a must and the brisket and ribs are my go-to.  Definitely worth checking out.Sweet Lucy's = BBQ heaven.  I've had others (Ron's Ribs, Phoebe's, Tommy Gunn's) in the city, but this one has them beat...by far.  They just get it right on so many levels.  
Let's talk about the food first and most importantly.  Their baby back ribs are smoked real well - you can see it in the pink meat and taste it with every bite.  The sauce is a great mix of spicy and tangy, not overly sticky sweet as some are.  The pulled and sliced meats are well executed...the pulled chicken and pork had good flavor, and their brisket was nice and tender.  A good BBQ place needs good sides, and this one has plenty, all that I have tasted good to great - mac n' cheese, cole slaw, collard greens, mashed potatoes, etc.  The hunks of sweet, moist cornbread are excellent on their own, but also help with sopping up all of the remainders of your plate, esp. the sauce.
Next, I'll mention the restaurant itself.  Although it's out of the way in Northeast Philly, it's worth the trip.  As mentioned in other reviews, it's BYOB, so bring a nice cold six pack to wash it all down.  The environs are clean and inviting, with plenty of booths and tables for small and larger parties.  Unlike some other BBQ places I've been to in the city, Sweet Lucy's has plenty of room for you to stick around and enjoy your food fresh instead of having to pack it up for a trek home.  The service is basically nonexistent, but once I got my food from the counter, I didn't need anything else.    
If you haven't been to Sweet Lucy's Smokehouse, please go...you don't know what you're missing.I'm biased about my bbq because I had my wedding catered by another establishment but this place is very decent!  I love the corn bread and cookies. The pulled pork is delicious as well. My standards are very high so that's the reason it did not get four starsAbsolutely the best pulled pork, turkey sides I've ever had.  When we go south I always compare my experience to Lucy's and truthfully not many come close.
Sweet Tea is glorious!!!!Been going here for years! Always great bbq, always a pleasure, they do a super job and always take care of you! You will leave happy! Thanks and keep up the great work, looking forward to many more visits!Fabulous 'que in a fun atmosphere. I have eaten here on several occasions, and only distance keeps me from returning more often.
The menu is your standard bbq. They give you large portions.
It is in a fun atmosphere.I'm a fairly frequent visitor of Sweet Lucy, and she never lets me down. I tend to stop in when I'm in need of some serious comfort food or having a bad day because I always leave satisfied. It has made its mark on people over the years and it's a pretty busy spot these days. I even hear that they have a buffet on Monday nights now, which is probably pretty crazy.
I've managed to sample a lot of things off the menu...but honestly, what does it for me is the Philly Pork sandwich. It is SO juicy and SO good (anyone who knows me on here by now knows my love for sharp provolone).  I'm also a huge fan of their hickory smoked salmon (only available on Fridays). All of their sides are savory, especially the cornbread. The bourbon chocolate chip bread pudding is heavenly as well. Prices are fair. Service is quick. The only thing I wish is that they would ditch the styrofoam. I feel like the company makes enough money to be a little bit more environmentally friendly.I have dreams about Sweet Lucy's... I wished I lived a little closer.. or maybe not.. I might be a heifer myself! You have to go here... the chicken is amazing! The sweet potatoes are almost dessert like! Don't read the reviews that give it less than 4 stars.. they obviously have no taste for great BBQ!!!One critic summed it up best with his review (I forget his name).
He said: "Is there a better BBQ in Philadelphia---I Think Not."
Best BBQ EVER!!!!  I live in Massachusetts and when I visit relatives in Philadelphia I always ask them to take me to this place (and they need no persuasion)!!
The only thing I can see that could be a downside is their location in an industrial area (but then maybe I'm too used to the close-tight streets in Boston)!!
You will not regret it! Get the Cornbread!!!!!!!! BEST CORNBREAD YOU WILL EVER EAT!!! 100% Guaranteed!!Went here with my family for lunch on yesterday, and was quite impressed. The barbecue was very good. It had a great smoked flavor and their sauce added a good taste to the meat. 
If you get a platter you get three sides but the sides are pretty small. Also you get a piece of corn bread which is very moist. It is also the sweet kind of corn bread.
The service is friendly and very helpful.
The atmosphere is much more like a McDonald's or Burger King but a slightly nicer feel. It is a nice place to go and get a bite but don't expect anything more than that.Still thinking about Wednesday night's trip. We haven't been here in awhile so it was a must return. Like a lot of places I have sampled just about the entire menu and the only thing I am not crazy about here is the Brisket (thought it was a little too dry). I also haven't had the Salmon but have been told it is excellent. I always go with the double the fun, usually the Ribs and Wings but I do switch it up. The meat choices are outstanding and always good. Their side dishes do vary but so far I have enjoyed them all. No waiter service but the staff is quick and courteous. Decent size dining room that could use a little more table cleaning but that is my only complaint. Two flat screens hung so you could watch the game. Did I mention that they are BYOB? Grab some brews and hit this place up, it will not disappoint.Authentic barbecue. 
It's hard to find. 
That  par boiled garbage from the chains doesn't qualify. It has to be smoked for hours to be legit. You'll know it when you see it and taste it. 
Sure, there are some excellent BBQ spots in our area but these require some travel from my personal outpost. 
As fate would have it, I had an an appointment in the Northeast and had to get off the 95 exit at Cottman Ave, a stones throw from Lucy's Smokehouse. It was time for some take out. 
The restaurant had expanded inside since I was there last with two large dining rooms and a full bar. 
I grabbed a sampler to go.Rack of ribs, half a chicken, half pound each of brisket and pulled pork. Sides were cornbread, Mac and cheese, beans, Cole slaw. I figured there were at least two meals here for me and my lady (also a lover of great BBQ).
The ribs were perfect - tender, tasty, done right. The brisket was shredded - different than normally served - but good as was the pulled pork. The beans and slaw were delicious. The mac and cheese was ok. The cornbread was good as cornbread goes but I'm not a big fan. My lady was very pleased as this was her first time trying their 'que. 
We didn't even get to the chicken yet. That's on tap for lunch.
While I waited I learned Lucy is the owner's dog. Way cool.
Lucy's smokehouse is easily one of the best of its kind. It rocks.The fave reviews is what dragged me all the way to State Road to try Sweet Lucy's...
It definetely wasnt my favorite and the fact there weren't no waiters I really was confused...
Maybe I will try again but ummm who's driving lol[Monday AM]
Yogurt parfait for breakfast and rabbit food for lunch.  "Come with an empty stomach," Food Baby told me.  
Six hours later, 8 miles away in a part of Philly called Mayfair, we came, we saw...we nommed.  Michael G said that this has been on his bucket list since moving here 3 years ago...that's how I knew it was good.   So Monday night they have a 20.00 all you can eat special.  We waited about 20 minutes and jealously watched everyone pile food on their plates.  Each area of food was in a small tray, so everything came out constantly fresh- respect.
Let me tell you...we put a hurtin on that buffet. Passed the caesar salad (not here for the greens..duh). My first plate has a huge chunk of cornbread.  You know the shit is legit when you see kernels of corn in it.   I slapped some braised cabbage, cole slaw, and a FIST full of Mac n Cheese on big side of the plate.  Piled the pulled pork on the corn bread, then drizzled BBQ sauce all over it.  Death never tasted so good.  
Second round, I visited the chili station.  Got my rice and beans, piled on some ground death, with cheese and sour cream.   Note the poor use of the Oxford comma.  
For dessert, I waddled over and got some apple crisp ala mode.  Ughhhh...I knew I had to tap out when I felt my double chin/cheeks quiver when I laughed.   
[Monday 11:30 PM]
Sometime after that BBQ conquest, Food Baby became a Food Man.Growing up in the south I have always been a huge fan of great bbq. When Sweet Lucy's opened I was skeptical. But after eating there I have become a a believer. The food is always fresh. The variety is great. And if I ever need to adjust a certain menu item for my son or for the person living in my house who has a food allergy they are more than accommodating. This is even if I order to go.
I also really enjoy that I have the option to byob if I am so inclined. 
I really suggest that you try this place. You will not be disappointed.Just went again today. My wife and I couldn't finish all the ribs and sides we got. Took the rest home for snack later. Again, everything was excellentthey definitely give you huge portions of BBQ. overall texture was great and the BBQ chicken wasn't extremely dry. what i really enjoyed was the mac/cheese, slaw, and ribs. the only thing i found different was that the brisket was served chopped with sauce mixed in and the sauce itself tasted like pasta sauce...overly tomato-y.Sweet Lucy's has the best barbecue sauce in town I love it it looks like I'm in Texas. The service was great and respectful. I definitely recommend any of you guys to check this place out. 10 out of 10 in my bookI love this place good food  like the fact that they are growing wish this place the bestWe drove quite a distance from South Jersey to Sweet Lucy's because a few of our friends spoke so highly of the BBQ.  My husband and I cook a lot of BBQ and attend many festivals in the south.  I wouldn't consider us BBQ snobs, but we've definitely tried all different kinds. In the winter seasons we'll basically take what we can get because we're craving it so badly! That was our exact thoughts while making the trip to Sweet Lucy's. 
Can't say we loved it. Can't say we hated it. Can't say we'll be back either. We tried the ribs, brisket, pulled pork, and chicken. All were just okay. They were moist and tender (which is a must!) but not much flavor. Not a problem because that's what homemade BBQ sauce is for...except their sauce was more like ketchup.  In fact it was so much like ketchup it cheapened the meat when we put it on.  I guess I'd rather eat moist and tender BBQ with no flavor than dry and tough BBQ with good sauce. So we ate it without any sauce.  I really wish they had a choice of different sauces, perhaps a vinegar based sauce or something spicy. 
All the sides were good and the few bites we could manage to eat of the cornbread (we were so stuffed!) were delicious.  My suggestion when you arrive, if it happens to be a peak time, have someone in your party go find a table and sit at it to hold it. When you come in you order at the counter then find a seat while you wait for your food to be brought out. Seating is VERY cramped if you you're not lucky enough to snag a booth.  Good luck!