Sweet Box is my favorite cupcake place in the city. They catered a few events I've been to plus their food truck tends to make an appearance at many festivals. The icing is perfect and I love the cakes. It is on the pricier side, but I would highly recommend to anyone looking for a good cupcake in the city!Tad pricey, but worth it. In 2017, best cupcakes in the city.
I only wish there was a better way to find out what flavors they had before you get there. I have never been able to get them to answering the phone.Really good pumpkin chocolate chip cupcakes and customer service (they comped us on a cupcake after my son dropped his on the ground trying to cut it in half). They also recommended the pumpkin cupcake and it was fabulous. Very moist and tasty. The chocolate cupcake we tried (not the one that fell) was decent as well, but the pumpkin ones are the way to go.We tried the black and white milkshake cupcake and it was good, but not one of my top cupcakes by any means. Perhaps we will try the cookie dough next time, that looked promising!Stopped by this place on our way to Mixto restaurant. Tried the cookies in the paper bag, brownie, and cupcakes. Let's start with the cookies. Where was the butter and golden brown color?These chocolate chip cookies were white. White. And tasted like nothing. I strongly believe it was a mistake batch meaning they forgot to add butter. The brownie was HUGE and once we ate it, it looked undercooked and did not taste good. The cupcakes were good. $4 each good? No way. My suggestion is to stick to just selling  cupcakes and come down on price AT LEAST .50 cent. $3.50 per cupcakes sounds better then $4. The size and taste is NOT worth $4, sorry.Delicious! Funfetti and strawberry champagne are the best! We got two dozen for my birthday, and everyone got to pick their favorite flavor. Awesome! The cupcakes are huge, they are expensive, but worth the price. Unlike a lot of food trucks that sell cupcakes, sweet box is always moist and delicious. Glad to see they have a brick-and-mortar now. We will be backHad Sweet Box Capcakes for the very 1st time today - - woo-hoo! Me, along with 30 other co-workers were treated to this yummy delight --  I had the strawberry champagne cupcake - -heavenly!!Holy Toledo! These cupcakes are absolutely AMAZING!!!
I've had them multiple times, but last week we got some during the Chinatown Night Market. We grabbed a four pack: pumpkin chocolate chip, red velvet, apple strudle, and salted carmel chocolate. They were so moist, the cake was full of flavor, and the frosting was to die for!!
If you see this truck around, you have to stop and grab a cupcake or 6!I would like to amend my review. I was contacted by someone from Sweet Box very shortly after posting my sad review about the store being closed and they were extremely apologetic, professional, and courteous. They offered me a half dozen cupcakes on them which was beyond sweet and unexpected. 
I really appreciate that they took the time and effort to mend our relationship. I am once again, in love with Sweet Box cupcakes.The cupcake was good, but when I went there I really had my mind set on getting that Cookie dough cupcake that received such good ratings. I was sad that it wasn't available!Hands down the best cupcakes in Philly! Ordered cake batter, brown sugar cookie dough, carrot cake and cinnamon bun. Hard to say which one is my favorite since they are all delicious and very unique. The brown sugar cookie dough is beyond delicious if you love cookie dough. Cake is extremely moist, huge chunk of cookie dough on top followed by this tasty brown sugar frosting. I love that they are not skimpy on the frosting! The carrot cake cupcake was the best carrot cake I think I've ever had, highly recommend. The cake batter was this perfectly moist confetti cake, cake batter filling, finally topped with buttercream frosting and sprinkles. Your inner child will love this cake. They are a little pricey but worth the treat. If you love cupcakes/cakes, this place needs to be at the top of your list ASAP!!I love sweet box. Loved it before the storefront open! The strawberry champagne cupcakes are to die forI've been on the fence about the whole edible cookie dough thing. Don't get me wrong, I love cookie dough. When I make cookies, I eat as much dough as I bake. But for some reason when it came to trendy edible cookie dough I was a little skeptical. BOY WAS I WRONG. 
The campfire cookie dough with fluff, torched marshmallows, graham cracker and chocolate chips was NEXT LEVEL. Because edible cookie dough is served in a cup with a spoon and eats almost like a room temp ice cream, the best marker to judge this by is base:mix in ratio and this place nailed it. They did not skimp on high quality mix ins. Each bite was a full swirl of fluff and multiple chocolate chips. I'm in heaven. I will dream about this cookie dough. Run don't walk, I'm serious.Sweetbox has the perfect blend of moist delicious cake and the best sweet icing just enough.  The decadent chocolate ganache cake is a chocolaty heaven.  To top it off the owner is the sweetest person.  A must try cupcakes might be trendy but delicious consistent ones are timeless and well worth it!They have amazing cupcakes I had their red velvet, blue velvet , milkshake ,gnocchi, and champagne they all where moist and fresh the icing  wasn't to sweet and the actual  bakery was decorated so nice in the inside they are  kind of high for cupcakes but they are a little bigger than your average cupcakeI live in New York and had cupcakes delivered to my best friend which he was very satisfied with! But my first time using Caviar was horrible, the driver was extremely rude and claimed he delivered my order and did not. The owner and Kirsten were extremely helpful at getting everything resolved and my order was redelivered and actually arrived! Would highly recommend delivering goods to friends and family as a sweet treat for special occasions! Sweet Box two thumbs up! Caviar receives two thumbs down!I am in the fortunate (yay, cupcakes) and unfortunate (yikes, expensive and fatty) position of working a 2 minute walk from Love Park, where Sweet Box is often found. I've tried many different flavors and am yet to taste one that isn't delicious (though beware, the "Hot Cocoa" is flavored with hot pepper. I didn't realize that!) They definitely win for most moist cupcake and with the best variety of flavors I've seen in the cupcake truck scene. 
And OMG, the ICING. It's amazing. I eat it last because it's that good.
One star lost because it is a little pricey. But watch their FB page because sometimes there's coupons!After seeing posts about Sweet Box all over social media, I decided to stop in. The lady behind the register was very nice and helpful. It's a small place, but they still had a nice selection. We got a bunch of stuff. I loved the strawberry and champagne cupcake and the chocolate chip cookies. Everything was fairly priced for the large sizes you are getting.The sweet treats are as delicious as they look! No disappointments here. .Thank you GretchenI had the funfetti cupcake that my friends Steve & Jes brought us. O-M-G!!!! Soooo good!! I'm not sure if they make all their cupcakes with this icing; if not, they should! I usually HATE icing so badly, I scrape it all off. This icing, I could eat it like a bowl of ice cream with a large spoon in one sitting. I cannot wait to make it to philly to get some more, or at one of their food truck events, that I often see. Pure perfection! Oh! And I should mention that the cupcake I had was like 3 days old, sitting in the frig & it was still literally friggin beyond amazing.Stopped here just for the cookie dough! Been dying to try after they started making it there since aren't many place to get raw cookie dough. It was $5 for a small cup... a little on the pricey side for the size but it's still delicious. It is slightly sweeter than I would like but overall the texture and taste is good. So if you need to satisfy that craving definitely recommend it :)Definitely a 5 star for this popular cupcake truck! I never had a dry cupcake from her and I've eaten quite a few (body suffers from this lol) frostings are whipped an creamy my favorite way! My all time fave is the "Hot cocoa"! Keep up the good work Sweetbox. See ya soon :)Tried vanilla vanilla. Cake was moist but thick and bit grainy. Icing was made of vanilla buttercream, which was too much for the amount of cake. the price is a bit on high side.Absolutely delicious! My fiancé loves cupcakes, but likes to play it safe with vanilla and chocolate so I snuck in some red velvet for me. I also grabbed the chocolate chip crumb cake before I walked out and I stand by it as one of the best decisions I've ever made. Definitely recommend... As soon as I make it back to Philly, I'll be in line for some of their more "adventurous" flavors.Great cupcakes (especially the pumpkin chocolate chip), banana pudding, and gingerbread cookies make this a wonderful place for your carb fix. Friendly owners and employees!The cupcakes were an absolute delight.  The simple vanilla was my favorite, but all were good.  So much flavor and a wonderful texture.  We stayed nearby when visiting Philadelphia and watched the baker (and owner I assume) start her day making fresh cupcakes early in the morning, and then pretty much selling them out as she closed up end of day.  Ingredients were top quality.  My highest recommendation.Now Sweet Box Cupcakes has a storefront! Make sure to try their yummy strawberry champagne cupcakes and the pumpkin chocolate chip ones later in the year. They are open on Tuesday through Sunday from 11 a.m. to 7 p.m.I've heard of this cupcake food truck craze but never got to actually try it until I was strolling down 13th Street and saw the store. I was scrounging up my loose dollar bills and change because I hardly carry cash. Let's just say I only had enough for 3 cupcakes but I wanted more...what can I say? I love cupcakes! 
The boyfriend ate one so I don't even know how that tasted but it must have been good cause he just shoveled it in his mouth. I had the chocolate and banana and boy did I fall in love! The quality and taste was so distinctive that I would be able to differentiate it between Philly Cupcake and Buttercream Cupcake Truck. I absolutely enjoyed every morsel that I may have been caught licking the wrappers as I walked through the Gayborhood..how embarrassing!!! Ohh well, I did not regret it.The cupcake milkshake was excellent, it had a nice chocolatey ganache with a moist bottom. The counter help was a bit indifferent and didn't seem like she wanted to help, but good thing cupcake was so good.Delicioussss red velvet cupcake! The cake is very soft and fresh, and the cream cheese frosting was absolutely perfect (sweet but not too sweet and delicately soft). It might actually be the best red velvet cupcake I've ever had.I love this little cupcake shop!!! Their chocolate ganache is to die for!! Definitely recommend this place! Everyone is so friendly especially one of the workers I don't remember her name but she was short! She always helps me pick out different stuff to try! Any of their cupcakes is worth trying.I am a sweet tooth with feet. I love dessert, more than the meal. And even though we eat out in Center City, a lot, we hardly ever get dessert because all of the wonderful restaurants, with their awesome chefs, and incredible meals, suck like box fans when it comes to their dessert menus. 
So last night, after an wonderfully, delicious, satisfying meal, before the server came back to ask about dessert, I Google map searched for nearby dessert. There where tons of other restaurants where I know dessert is underwhelming, and Insomnia Cookies (LOL) then this place. 
It was only a 5 minute walk from where we were to Sweet Box and we'd been down that block 100 times but never noticed the place, but in we went and boy were we glad.
I got the impression the 2 women behind the counter owned the place. The woman waiting on us, was nice, but coulda have been friendlier. The cupcakes are $4 each or 4 for $15. She mentioned the price several times, in awkward ways. We got the impression that she thought we couldn't or wouldn't want to afford it? Perhaps people balk and she just wanted to make sure? Anyway, that was slightly off putting but we'd still go back. 
Back home with our 4 cupcakes, we ate the bDay cake ones first.  Hot deeeeeyam. The cake part was moist and flavorful and the inch high layer of frosting was perfect. The Apple pie cupcake had a big struessal crust that overhung the cake, and then that was topped with, yes, and inch of frosting with crunch topping. The cake part had an Apple pie filling center. I loved this one most. I didn't taste my husband's black/white milkshake one for fear of losing a finger, but he assured me it was "decent" which to him is "super tremendous."
As we'd have paid four bucks in the restaurant for a sliver of cake with a pretty sauce swirl drawn on the plate, I don't see the cost as too much. We'll definitely gonna be back.ODE TO A CHOCOLATE CHIP COOKIE DOUGH CUPCAKE
I'm a cookie dough addict, straight up. Chocolate chip cookie dough ice cream is a staple in my diet. 
That said, just as I was about to go on lunch break today, Sweetbox uploaded this picture of the most beautiful black, white, and tan thing I've ever laid eyes on. http://instagr.am/p/Lfz_jBmbsd/ Without even reading the description, I bolted to Love Park.
Fast forward 20 minutes, and I'm back at work, patiently (NOT AT ALL) eating my sandwich while gazing at the beauteous cupcake (because I'm a lady, and ladies wolf down our main courses before digging into dessert.) I begin by separating the top from the bottom, as is my custom. I take a tentative taste of the icing--vanilla. I then try the cake--also vanilla. I start to feel a little cheated--is this just a vanilla/vanilla cupcake with some chocolate chips thrown on top and a cute little cookie garnish? A little disappointed, I finish up the bottom part and move on to the top. Then, I note something under the top. It's mushy, tan, with black chips...
OMG FOR THE LOVE OF ALL THAT GOOD AND CHOCOLATEY--THERE'S A BIG GLOB OF COOKIE DOUGH WEDGED IN THE CUPCAKE.
I don't understand how it's possible. Wouldn't it bake in the oven? DOES THIS NOT VIOLATE ONE OR ALL OF EINSTEIN'S THEORIES?!?! Oh, who cares, because the fact is there is gooey cookie dough, of the same ilk as that which you dipped your fingers into when your mother wasn't watching and hoped to whatever holy baking entity you worship that you didn't get salmonella from. Not the fake stuff that you find in chocolate chip cookie dough ice cream (though as mentioned previously, that doesn't stop me from eating it.) No, this is REAL COOKIE DOUGH. IN A CUPCAKE.
MIND = BLOWN.In the midst of a hectic day, my coworker and I took a long stroll over to Sweet Box in the gorgeous weather to shake off our cubicle blues.  We were in search of some delicious cupcakes and boy did we find them.  
We got the chocolate ganache, the vanilla vanilla, the pink lemonade and the strawberries and champagne.  Splitting them with our coworkers, we sampled the 4 and our assessment was that we have discovered some serious cupcakes.  All were light in cake texture and in icing.  The chocolate ganache was the least fav, but it still was a solid cupcake.  My favorite was the pink lemonade surprisingly. It was light, but with the perfect smack of citrus.  The champagne icing on the strawberry cupcake was different, but I loved it.  You can definitely taste the champagne.  The vanilla tasted like your grandmother's baking, which is not easy to accomplish in a bakery.
All in all,  Sweet Box is a contender for best cupcakes in Philly.My favorite cupcake place in Philadelphia! Not only do they taste great but they look great!
The cake is moist and not too sweet. The variety of flavors is fun to eat! My favorite flavor is the strawberry champagne. We get them for birthday parties and showers.Vegan options that taste amazing!!!! Awesome hazelnut praline chocolate cupcake and now they have vegan oatmeal raisin cookies!!! My favorite is the vegan chocolate mint cupcake!One day I will go in and buy every single chocolate ganache cupcake and devour them all at once. Never had a better chocolate cupcake anywhere!Sweet Box has excellent cupcakes. They are by far the best I have tried in the area. The cup cakes are not overly sweet and the cake is moist. The icing is made with butter cream or cream cheese and is really great. Sweet Box uses the right ratio to icing and cake also. 
Some of my favorites are sweet potato pie, red velvet and peanut butter. I really don't think you can go wrong with any of the cupcakes at Sweet Box!My fiancée and I love coming here. The smell, sight, and varieties are so enticing I usually want everything.  What differentiates Sweet Box is their ability to perfect icing and cake. Too often places do one well and not the other. If you don't like cupcakes, their other baked goods are delicious as well! Favs include chocolate peanut butter, lemon, vanilla vanilla and even Irish Potato. Yum, I'm hungry.Sweet box cupcake fits the mark of a 5 star review.  Many of you wrote about not having a website and menu well that's impossible as the innovative flavors change daily.  The owner is a great person and baker.  She is friendly and addresses everyone who enters.  I feel like I have tasted them all from cupcakes to cakes to specialty bars and cookies.  They will make whatever flavor you want with whatever icing choice you make.   I love the chocolate chip cake with chocolate icing.  This is my favorite.  The cake is always moist and fresh.  There is a generous dollop of icing and the cakes are always decorated with seasonal colors and flair.  This is a classic cupcake bakery !  Yelpers who were looking for a Brooklyn bakery that serves strange combination flavors and hipster cakes keep moving.  These are good wholesome classic cakes that are baked fresh and perfectly every time.  I was just in there yesterday as we had to go to a party and needed a hostess gift.  The cupcakes were an instant hit and of course everyone in NJ needed to know the address and location.  These cupcakes stood the test of time over much more expensive crumbs, why you say? It's because each cupcake and bakery product is made with standards and love.  If you want great cupcakes with great toppings that are guaranteed fresh this must be your next stop.Amazing variety of baked goods! The cupcakes are awesome but I highly encourage you to try other things - the cookie dough bar and raspberry bar are UNREAL. The people who work there are nice too! But.. it is a little pricey... but, let's be honest, quite worth it.The best treats in the city!!! Here all the time , the staff is always so friendly and helpful. Christmas Eve there was only one woman working in the store and she took the time to make a Christmas basket with assorted goods! It was gorgeous and everything is delicious!  Highly recommend to all!Utter perfection! Whenever I'm traveling or exploring locally, I try as many different bakeries as I can and always sample their cupcakes too. By far this place has been the best. I had the chocolate peanut butter cupcake, and the chocolate cake part was intensely cocoa-y and rich/dark, moist and held together. The frosting was absolutely amazing too. Fluffy, whipped and light, with a hint of cream cheese and a delicious, smooth peanut butter taste. The texture, flavor, and decadence was just spot on.
I also tried two of their cake donuts (chocolate salted caramel & oreo chocolate), all of which are baked (not fried) - but you wouldn't tell the difference. Equally perfect. Similar intense chocolate cake, in addition to a ganache-type frosting, as opposed to the grossly candy-sweet chalky frosting you usually get on donuts. The ganache was rich and chocolate-y, not overly sweet, and creamy - perfect drizzled w/ the salted caramel. Solid, but melt-in-your-mouth once you eat it. Oreo frosting was a bit sweeter, but it's an oreo donut. 
I think what really makes the difference is the quality of the cake (and the construction of the frosting) - just a very deep, high-quality dark chocolate cocoa taste that differentiates this place from others. Second is that their products aren't overly sweet and have the perfect level of richness/creaminess + texture.I'm a cupcake lover. I can skip over other desserts but a mini cake all for myself is not something I can say no to. I had these cupcakes on 2 occasions and was utterly in love both times. They are the perfect blend of sweet but not too sweet and really really delicious icing. The red velvet is amazing, my favorite. I'll be tracking them down when I'm in philly again.BEST cupcakes in the city.  At any food truck festival I go to, this is my MUST go to spot.  If i'm lucky enough to make it home from work on time, I rush over too to get their cupcakes. they're so moist and the fun flavors are delicious too!! LOVE!They were at the Science Festival Carnival this weekend and I splurged and got the strawberry cupcake with champagne infused buttercream.  Worth the $3!Finally, a brick and mortar location for the Sweet Box truck!  
I was able to try a bite of four different cupcakes that I grabbed to split  with a few girls at work.  We had the orange creamsicle, red velvet, chocolate peanut butter, and strawberries and champagne.  Each one was delicious, but my favorite was by far the creamsicle.  It had the perfect balance of vanilla and orange flavor with neither becoming dominant at any point.  It also had the best cake texture, light and spongey, and the frosting was fluffy and perfectly sweetened.  I have had the strawberries and champagne cupcake from the truck before and remember loving it, however this time the cupcake was really dense and kind of dry, which I can only assume means it wasn't the freshest, but it was still very enjoyable.  In addition to the cupcakes I got, they had a few other flavors in stock, including one vegan option, and a cupcake that was flavored with beer!  
The cupcakes are $3.50 each or 4 for $13, which is pretty on par with the pricing at other cupcake shops in the area.  With this not too far from my house, I can see that I'm going to have to spend extra time working out to make up for all the cupcakes I see in my future!PRICES
Cupcakes $4 to $4.50 (four for $15, six for $23)
These are the prices from their menu. It happens that the price for 4 is cheaper than the price for 6. I brought it to their attention. The first excuse was and I quote "well it turns out to be the same thing." I said " no because per unit for 4 is $3.75 and the per unit for 6 is $3.83. Then the excuse was "well we just raised the prices and it is $16 for 4" I mentioned they should update their website and I walked out. 
It was based on principle. Instead of either apologizing or trying to accommodate the customer, it was just excuses. 
I walked from Rittenhouse which would be nothing for most but I am dealing with leukemia and it was a hike for me. I wanted to get something special for my friend's birthday since she and others have been so good to me. 
Accuracy and accountability seem to be optional these days.I died and went to heaven taste so good  received a cake for  my  birthday and enjoyed so much thank you GretchenTantalizing aromas as soon as you go in the door  Phenom selection, made fresh on premises -  treat yourself.  Aren't you worth it?Great bakery...wow everything so huge and yummy looking ..very clean ..tremendous selection..very reasonable prices..
Ms Owner was so gracious and friendly.
Quality abounds...definitely worth a trip  or GrubHub etc  ..thanks so muchSome of the BEST cupcakes in the city. Lots of different flavors and you can never be disappointed. My favorite is the Very Vanilla Oreo. It tastes just like a Golden Oreo but better. 
There are lots of unique flavors but also traditionals and all are soooo good! Love sweet box!Oh em gee...these cupcakes are seriously out of this world!! I'm not one who really cares too much for desserts and these cupcakes are sickeningly sweet so the fact that I am absolutely obsessed with them speaks to how delicious they are. 
Icing on cupcakes can be hard to do but every flavor I have had here has been phenomenal. They make really cool combinations too, like strawberries & champagne, red velvet Oreo, brown sugar cookie dough, brownie batter, black &white milkshake. Their more traditional flavors are amazing too-vanilla, chocolate, cake batter, carrot cake and red velvet were all worthy of raving over. 
My only issues with this place are nothing to do with the delicious food itself. The hours are a bit irritating 10-7, so you can't pick things up on your way into work and if you try after work a lot of the time they're sold out. The staff is friendly but not particularly helpful, for example when I ask for recommendations they never provide much feedback. I also wish they could list the cupcakes of the day on their website and update daily so you could check ahead of time. 
If you want a cute and delicious dessert this is your place to go. I have even flown them home to Florida with me multiple times to treat my family!!I read the reviews and had to try this place. It is off the beaten path for the "tourist" but the neighborhood is in a nice location. The store front is cute and the desserts are displayed in an attractive manner. I wanted to try a lot of things offered but decided on the strawberry champagne cupcake. It has a very appealing presentation and the actual cake was moist. Again like almost all the bakeries they put too much icing on top and it just isn't enjoyable. The icing was flavorful but I'm more of the cake person than the sugar aholic. The icing had shaved white chocolate on top which added great flavor. Overall it was an enjoyable dessert but I would not purchase the same item again.I ordered a dozen and a half of these cupcakes a week or so ago for a friends 30th birthday party.  They were a huge hit!  I got a nice variety of flavors.  Everyone commented on how great they were.  I will definitely use Sweet Box again soon! They were delicious!This place is great! The cupcakes are very large (perfect for sharing!) and soft.  Not dry whatsoever!  They pay so much attention to detail and I love that they even take the time to create a specific frosting for each cupcake flavor unlike so many other places who have one frosting used on every type.  We bought a half dozen last weekend to bring to a family members house and they were gone so quick!I used to be a big fan of the cupcakes at Naked Chocolate, the one on Walnut Street. Then something happened -- change of ownership, mission creep, I don't know -- and the cupcakes got bigger. Much, much bigger. They also got less tasty and slightly more garish. I was sad. I stopped getting cupcakes. 
But now there are no complaints here, because now I can save up all my cupcake energy for Sweet Box. I appreciate the slightly more petite size, because they are packed with proper flavors. No powdered-sugar taste in the frosting, just a rich creaminess that is harder to get, but so worth it! They are also more complex than the average cupcake. Often it's just one note, sweet + fat. These are more delicate, more interesting -- and like I said, the perfect size. 
My only complaint is that they don't set up often enough! 38th and Walnut, please?The cupcakes are very good. We tried the chocolate ganache, birthday, red velvet & strawberry champagne. They come in a lovely box, however, I would caution others to go and pick them up rather than using a delivery service. We used UberEats & our cupcakes were all tossed about upon arrival . They still tasted great, but I bet they would have looked real pretty too.Went down to the night market tonight mainly to try out these cupcakes and boy oh boy are they amazing!!!!  I think these are THE best in Philly hands down...super moist, perfect size and a real treat!
Run don't walk to this truck!I love Sweet Box's cupcakes!  My co-worker generously brought some into the office for a working lunch.  Everyone raved about how tasty and moist the cupcakes were.  I tried the chocolate ganche and plan vanilla and loved both of them.  
I think they might've beaten my favorite bakery in Drexel Hill, Sophisticakes!I stopped at the Sweet Box truck earlier today and got a chocolate vanilla cupcake; a yummy chocolate cupcake with vanilla buttercream frosting. The cake was moist and delicious, but the frosting was a touch soft for my taste which made it a bit messy to eat. That said, it was really tasty noms and I'd definitely go back again.Found the truck at Love Park. Tried the chocolate ganache cupcake. Delicious, moist and pretty to look at. Took back the Red Velvet for hubby. He liked it although he did wish that it came with cream cheese frosting instead of butter cream.Normally I would give Sweet Box a 5 because their cupcakes are absolutely to die for. Definitely my favorite in the city. 
I wanted to bring a dozen cupcakes as a gift for a friend so I figured where else would I go besides Sweet Box? Nowhere. However, today I trekked to Sweet Box to only arrive at a completely closed store despite it being within the hours of operation. 
Hot, sweaty, and frustrated from my walk to only be left cupcakeless. Next time I guess I'll call first.Excellent cupcakes. 
The key is frosting, which is often very easy to mess up. Can't be too overly sweet, can't be too bland. And MUST be light and fluffy...at least in my book.
Sweet Box Cupcakes was all of that at the Vendy Awards. Moist cake, light buttercream, not too sweet. Loved their chocolate mint and PB&J cupcake! I am now craving for more!I don't know how else to say this. How can I make it clear this is not mere hyperbole? I'll just come out with it. The Yard's Brawler Toffee Crunch cupcake I purchased from Sweet Box today is without a doubt the best cupcake I can remember eating, ever.
I've been let down by so many other bakeries. But the combination of beer in the cake batter and crunchy toffee involves two of my favorite things, so I put aside my skepticism and misgivings and joined my companions in patronizing the Sweet Box food truck at Mt. Airy Street Fare.
The cupcakes are modest in size and cost $3 each. I would gladly pay that again, knowing the level of quality. My cupcake was moist and fresh. I bit in and experienced the soft yieldingness of the cake, the light sweetness of the icing, the crunch and butteriness of the toffee. The cake, to my surprise, was chocolate-flavored in addition to being flavored with beer. I normally do not like chocolate cake and don't order it. (I'm weird, I know.) Well, this cake tasted amazing. They are clearly using very high-quality chocolate here.
The cupcake reminded me a bit of European sweets in that it was not overly sweet.
I've tried so many cupcakes at different bakeries over the years and always there was something out of whack. Too sweet, too dry, too much icing, etc. This cupcake I ate today was absolute cupcake perfection. Sweet Box is setting the standard.The owner down here was extremely kind when I called with a few questions regarding her cupcake shop- I would recommend this bakery to anyone in the area!!!Sweet Box Cupcakes has won my personal version of Philadelphia cupcake wars.
I love cupcakes and have tried many cupcake bakeries. I always start off with the red velvet because that is my litmus test of how good a bakery is since it's pretty standard. I hunted down the Sweet Box store front on S 13th St to give it a try. I managed to get the last red velvet that day and carried it away in a Chinese take out container. I held back my urge to eat it immediately. When I got home I treated myself with probably the most delicious red velvet I have EVER had. The cake was moist (but not sticky) and had a great flavor. The cream cheese icing was the proper consistency and wasn't overpoweringly sweet. The cupcake had a good icing to cake ratio. [yeah, I can go on all day about how awesome it was, but I think you should just try it for yourself. ;) ]
So of course, I went searching for the truck, less than 2 weeks later. I was tempted to get the red velvet again, but decided I should explore other flavors. I had the vegan Espresso Hazlenut and was not disappointed. I think it's safe to say no matter what flavor you get, you will be more than satisfied with your decision. 
I have added this business on Facebook and Twitter so I can keep up with different flavors offered each day. I look forward to try every cupcake on the menu! =)I absolutely love this place! The best cupcakes in the city are made here. I can't ever pick a favorite. But if I had to..... the birthday cake is amaze balls! From the cookies to the cookie dough! You can't  go wrong! The staff is pretty awesome too. I didn't catch the guys name on my last visit but he was pretty awesome!This was the first cupcake truck I have ever tried. I've tried others and none have come close to the cupcakes from this truck. If you want a delicious cupcake with excellent frosting greeted by the sweet heart owner, then come here.If you haven't been to Sweet Box, then you need to get there now! They are my go-to shop for delicious, moist and balanced (not overwhelmingly sweet) treats. Their cupcakes are adorable and their flavors are always interesting. I'm a fan of "The Jawn". I also enjoy their Pina Colada and Cinnamon Roll cupcakes.It's tough to make a good cupcake! It's also tough when you have delicious cupcake competition to compare to. I got a sampling of 6 cupcakes: the key lime pie, chocolate truffle, birthday cake, strawberry champagne, peanut butter chocolate, and chocolate chip cookie dough. They were all just... okay :-/ My favorite part of the experience was the complementary celebratory cupcake picks that have various messages on them to include with your cupcakes, such as "happy birthday", or "happy mothers day". They also had candles! I wish the experience could have been tastier, but seems like plenty of other people think these cupcakes are delicious!Went to a food truck festival and this truck was there, I admit I would normally NEVER pay $4 a cupcake but the line was long and people were raving about the cupcakes. I got a choclate ganache, champagne and strawberry and birthday cake cupcake and we all shared once home...they were ALL fantastic...I loved them. Yes, I would like them to lower their price a bit but other than that? The best cupcakes around!YUM! Had the pleasure of sampling these delectable cupcakes at Fairmount Night Market last evening (during my one-week dieting hiatus, of course, in which I am hitting up Night Market and Rittenhouse Festival, ha). So, unf, while the Night Market itself was pretty annoying, Sweet Box made it [almost] worthwhile. Fincy & I tried 4, with the Maple Bacon Pancake and  Choc Brawler Crunch (choc batter whipped with Yards Beer topped with Creamcheese Icing sprinked with Toffee...I think) being the BEST. Was left wishing I had these all to myself ; p
The Chocolate Ganache was good but not as brimming with chocolate flavor that I want in a Choc Ganache so only 4 stars/5 for that one. Espresso Choc Hazelnut Praline while it looked like a masterpiece was probably the least flavorful of the 4--surprising due to the ingredients list. 
Although after reviewing this review, i realize it may just be their Cream Cheese icing that I am in love with. I do wish the cupcake was a smidge less crumbly.
I also love that each cupcake had awesome presentation as well, and they don't just churn out a mini cake with a dollop of icing on top like some other cupcake shops. there is artistry in the presentation and for $3.25 each, yes, i want taste & artistry. and i am happy to report that that's what I got: taste & artistry!!
Cant wait to try more flavors!.....I saw something about a must-try Cookie Dough one in a few other reviews. gotta get my mitts on that fo' sho'. luckily, i read they just opened a retail shop so i'm gonna get me one ..or two...dozen :)Inside the store, the cookies were delicious, the cupcakes were delicious, everything was delicious, but when I order some cupcakes and cookies through Caviar delivery service, I'm pretty sure they were old. I am not sure if they send day old products through the delivery service but the products were dry and I wasted my money on the expensive products and delivery. Also, what bake shop in their right mind puts a cupcake in a bag? Not very logical. Please sacrifice and get some plastic containers or boxes. Another thing the chocolate "ganache" cupcake barely has any icing on it, I felt like I was eating dry cake. I may go back but I definitely won't be using the delivery service.I've been remiss in writing this review but now since I'm going back again to get some cupcakes tonight it reminded me to make a point to give a shout out!
I first read about this bakery via Inquirer and was able to secure some of the last cupcakes of the day on my way home
Just walking into the shop it is clear that REAL baking occurs here unlike a lot of trendy cupcake shops where its clear they are baked off site (possibly days ahead) and you end up with a sad overpriced dry cupcake
That is absolutely not the case here!!!
I bought a half dozen to take with me to a dinner party
It was around St. Patrick's Day so I got a bailey's, a PB, a strawberries n' champagne...and three others that I can't remember the exact flavors but all were delicious
Mind you, I'm an amateur home baker who makes cakes for people's weddings, parties etc so when I spend my own money on someone else's baked goods, they better pass muster!
I tried about half of the flavors and I can say every one had a perfect crumb, they were moist and flavorful and unique too which was nice
As I said I am going back again tonight, the true test of any new shop!
You won't be disappointed
BONUS: at least the first time I went, the shop owner/proprietor/baking guru was behind the counter serving me and she was extremely nice and friendly and you could tell she is passionate about her work (and it shows in the amazing cupcakes she makes!)
Hope this place sticks around as I am a HUGE fan!Best cupcakes ever! Flavors are always creative and delicious. Check her out at some of food truck events too! Snag a cupcake....The Red Velvet that changed my life! 
She came to my job last week and since then I have been trying to get to her to satisfy this intense craving I have for her Red Velvet Cupcake. Let me begin by saying this, I am not a fan of Red Velvet, I think it has been done over and over again, and not in a good way.  I have had it from some of the best bakeries on the east coast and none have really tickled my fancy. So as I discussed my lament over Red Velvet with the truck owner, which she understood,  she guaranteed me that hers was different. In my mind I said, I have heard this a thousand times before, but no one has been able to meet the challenge (yes I am still talking about the cupcake, lol). Well not only did she meet the challenge she beat it hands down. Her Red Velvet is amazing, it was so layered with flavor but not overpowering I was almost in tears when I was eating it. First, I could taste the chocolate flavor and don't get me started on that cream cheese frosting, I could probably eat the frosting all by itself. If nothing else, taking from a non Red Velvet fan and taste hers, you wont be disappointed. 
Who knew, a chance encounter would change most strong disdain into a strong desire!Very picky when it comes to cupcakes, but this place surpassed all my expectations. Red velvet and cotton candy were amazing.The BEST cookie dough balls ever. I didn't even think to take a picture because I was so excited to try it. They had chocolate and white chocolate chips and we're covered in rainbow sprinkles! I'll need to return so I can take a picture and give this place the credit it deserves!Great service with amazing smells of super sugar! Baker was attentive, and gave us great suggestions. Really appreciated her help!!Hands down, my favorite bakery in the city! Cupcakes are amazing. Love how they have new flavors for every season and holiday. Their Doughlicious cookie dough is the best and my fave go to treat! The original chocolate chip and s'mores doughs are seriously sooo good! I've gotten their themed cookie dough bites for NYE and Super Bowl, too. So festive! The store is tiny but so cute, and everything tastes as good as it looks!Seriously, amazing! After eating my fair share of desserts in NYC and here I can finally say I found my cupcake place. The St. patty's day cupcake was unreal. After getting over paying $8 for two cupcakes and splitting them with my guy, we both felt nice and full. I was left thinking, hell I'd pay $15 for two cupcakes they were so good. The only problem, I discovered sweet box! Now every time I'm remotely close by I'm definitely going, or even If I'm 10 blocks away I'll use the fact that I walked 10 blocks to reward myself. The cookie dough brownie was so good looking I had to control myself. If I had two other people with me that thing would have been mine! Only reason being it was HUGE ( length wise).The cupcakes are so soft and not too sweet. Maple bacon, red velvet, tiramisu are sooo good. The chocolate with chocolate frosting was also good and not overly sweet. Will go back when I'm around the area. Very hard to find street parking around there.Unique and tasty cupcakes...with just the right icing:cupcake ratio.  Some seasonal selections, also delicious...as are their baked goods (the cookie dough brownie is sinfully good).  A friendly staff tops this place off !3 Stars for Taste.  -3 Stars for Customer Service
I had the opportunity to FINALLY score a cupcake from Sweet Box during the Food Truck Roundup.  I've been wanting to try their cupcakes for months!
There was a contest between two trucks for best peach dessert (actually 3 trucks but the 3rd wasn't able to attend).  Sweet Box won HANDS down for flavor.  They completely lost for customer service.  I will say she realized she was being curt/short with us and tried to clean it up but it was too late - she blew it.  I did vote for them to win because the contest WAS based on the recipe/taste/cupcake.  
Friendly service is key because I DON'T have to spend my money here.  I'm helping you - not the other way around.
So...yelpers...take your business elsewhere and be treated with a smile.  You can score cupcakes at another truck who appreciate your business.My co-worker and I have been on a hunt for the perfect cupcake.  And Sweet Box might just be IT!  Probably the best cupcakes in Philly - tied with Sweet Elizabeth's in Manayunk.  I accidentally came across Sweet Box on my walk from work and did a slight backtrack because I loved their cute display.  I decided to go in just to see what it was all about - which of course meant that I had to try one.  They had so many fresh and exciting flavors.  It was really hard to commit to just one, so I decided to get a whole slew for my coworkers so I could live vicariously through them.  I tried the pumpkin chocolate chip, which was very good.  The cake was slightly spiced and there weren't too many chocolate chips to overpower the pumpkin.  My coworkers loved the orange creamsicle - it tasted just like a popsicle and even had a little bit of cream filling on the inside.  The strawberries & champagne was light and fluffy, and the red velvet was just a classic.  We agreed that all of their cupcakes had a nice moist texture and the icing was a creamy and delicious buttercream type icing.  I also didn't realize that Sweet Box started as a cupcake truck and then they opened up a little shop.  Way to go Sweet Box!  So glad I found this place for my cupcake emergencies!My friend and I went out on a search for cupcakes near Broad street and found this gem!
You might miss it if you aren't looking! 
They had a nice selection and we chose chocolate peanut butter and pumpkin chocolate chip.
They were divine and we are cupcake snobs! 
The cupcake was a little dense, which is great because it doesn't fall apart when you bite it! The icing was rich and thick and perfect.
I cannot say enough, you have to go here!I bought two cupcakes and a tart and the price was $15 dollars which I thought was a little high considering the cupcakes are small.  The girl cupcake shamed me too because I didn't know the fancy types of different flavored cupcakes that they came up with and didn't bother explaining them either.  The s'mores tart the marshmallow topping was congealed and weird and the tart itself was salty.  The cupcakes themselves were pretty good which is why I am giving more than a star. I probably won't ever go back here again.WARNING: these cupcakes are addicting! 
I went here for the first time tonight at the Slow Food Philadelphia event. I got the chocolate peanut butter cupcake. OMG. AMAZING! This is how a cupcake is suppose to be made. Other Philly cupcake place, take note! The chocolate cake was moist and rich. The peanut butter icing was light and sweet but not that hurt your teeth sweet. As soon as I finished my cupcake, I wanted ten more! I can't wait to go back and try more cupcakes and other goodies at their store on 13th and pine!Best place in the city for cupcakes. Unique creations that will leave you craving for more! Their chocolate chip cookie dough (which also comes in different flavors) is also the bomb!!I love there cupcakes!! Very nice and moist!! You will not be disappointed!!! I had the red velvet, chocolate banana,  cookie dough and vanilla.  Superb! #GoVegansI live next door, so I come here all the time. All of the cupcakes are good- you can't go wrong. But my favorite thing is the lemon bars.A cupcake from Sweet Box was an unexpected surprise this past week. Guapos Tacos had ventured out to UCity, so I was waiting in line for some tacos when the cupcake truck appeared. Obviously it was a sign from God that I was meant to eat dessert. At $2.50 a cupcake, it's a bit pricey - but as an occasional indulgence I'm happy to shell out a few bucks for some sweetness. 
My cupcake was delicious. I had a chocolate peanut-butter cupcake, which was moist and delicious. It came in a cardboard box which traveled better than the plastic boxes from  the Cupcake Lady. The truck itself is adorable - a pink and brown kind of paisley pattern. Hard to miss!
I don't love cupcakes enough to stalk the truck, but the next time we cross paths I will definitely stop to enjoy another cupcake.These are amazing cupcakes. By far the best I've had in Philly, and as good as anywhere, really. My first experience was the PB&J and I was totally gobsmacked at how good it was. I got a sixpack for a party and took a sliver of a bunch of flavors. All delicious. I try not to go here, which is a compliment.Yikes $4.50 for a cupcake. The flavors are all extremely creative. Stopped by for the chocolate peanut butter, and it's literally like a soft creamy Reese's Peanut Butter Cup in your mouth. The price is pretty extraordinary for what a little dessert you get, but it's very tasty. The frosting is yummy, and the cake itself is nice and soft.Probably my favorite cupcake in all of Philadelphia. They are rich, moist, and just the right amount of sweet! My favorite is the raspberry red velvet and chocolate ganache. I love to swing by and pick up 1 or 2 for the weekend.Stopped in tonight for the first time and bought 6 cupcakes for a picnic in the park. They were all delicious! I didn't eat them all but my friends were equally impressed. Most cupcake places put pretty buttercream icing on bland tasteless cupcakes. At Sweet Box, the entire cupcake is full of flavor and the cake part is delicious (not just a carrier for icing). It was a great place to just pop into and I suspect it's even better for special orders.This bakery is magic. I stumbled upon it while walking around the city. It's a tiny bakery, with a lot of treats and flavor! They make everything from scratch, even their twinkies!! I tried a sprinkled sugar cookie. So damn good. The cupcakes looked fantastic, and so did every other baked good. They even have edible cookie dough. I wish I would have tried their signature, "Jawn." This is a very photogenic bakery. And so are the treats!Awesome treats! Great staff! Awesome location! This is a must-see dessert stop!! And the banana pudding is the very best!!!! Absolutely delicious! Enjoy!!Their cupcakes are so delicious especially the black and white milkshake cupcakes. The bakeshop is definitely a hidden gem.Wow is all I can say...  I LOVE these cupcakes and that would be an understatement.  
I first came across Sweet Box Cupcakes at one of the night fares.  They had awesome  and innovative flavors at the size/prince and they had a special that night for a half dozen to take home.  I had half normal flavors like red velet and innovative ones like orange creamsicle (taste just like the childhood pops), and Yard Brawler (which was really awesome).  I was HOOOKED.
I then went into searching them online and so happy to know they have a place that holds all these delicious pieces of heaven.  To make matters sweeter, they also have brownies, cookies, galore!  I stopped in and got their sugar cookie (which was the size of my face and doesn't let down) and a cookie dough brownie.  That's right a cookie dough brownie.  I can't rave enough about this place, I love the quality of their product, the taste, the right balance between rich frosting and semi-sweet batter.  Awesome, just plain awesome.  
I'm day dreaming of eating a cupcake from here while I'm writing this review.The icing is rich but not too sweet and the cupcakes are always very fresh. By far, the best I have had in Philly!Not only are the cupcakes very good but the lemon bars and the banana pudding are to die for!Must say I was extremely disappointed with this place. I ubered out of my way to come here because I saw multiple things on their Instagram that I wanted- s'mores cookie dough pie, cookie dough bar covered in chocolate fudge and the cookie dough cake batter Jawn thing. Only to come in and for them to tell me they stopped selling the chocolate covered cookie do bar due to low demand, they have not started to sell the s'mores cookie dough pie and will probably start in a week and that they ran out of the cookie dough cake batter jawn. We just ended up getting the half baked cookie dough and are very disappointed. It would have been cheaper, more convenient and tastier to stay home and just buy cookie do from the grocery store. Lastly, aviance is horrible. There are two uncomfy chairs to sit in so plan on taking ur snacks out.Cute cupcake shop, and the owner is Awesome and her cupcakes taste amazing. I would definitely recommend going here!!! I know I will be returning for more sweet box Cupcakes.My beautiful and lovely coworker and friend just brought in an orange creamsicle cupcake from sweet box. I just had it for breakfast.  Pardon me...  I just came out of an orgasmic sugar coma...it was sooooooo out of this world!  I am a calorie conscious person and I hate wasting calories on things that aren't worth it.  This cupcake was worth the calories.  The orange popsicle even has a creamy inside.  OMG...that made my day!  I totally didn't expect it!  I can't wait to try all the flavors....this place rocks!  Blows away Brown Bettys!!!!I just had my first Sweet Box cupcake and the pumpkin chocolate chip treat sets the initial mark at a strong four stars.
On a snowy Sunday afternoon, the bakery was desserted (couldn't resist) except for one employee.  I wavered between red velvet and pumpkin chocolate chip until she confidently steered me towards the latter since red velvet is available almost every day - very good to know.  My treat was not huge, but generously sized for the price, and was packed safely to go.
I enjoyed my cupcake later that afternoon with a glass of milk and found it delightful.  The icing was creamy and not too sweet.  The cake was moist and crumbly with a generous distribution of chocolate chips; it had a noticeable, but not overpowering, air of pumpkin pie spice to it.  If anything, the cake was a little TOO crumbly, but that may have been due to the ample amount of actual pumpkin in the cake - a good thing in my book.
I will definitely be back to sample more Sweet Box cupcakes - I am so glad I can just go to a store, rather than go on a wild food truck hunt, to do so!I've been converted. Yes it's overpriced, $4 for a cupcake, and even for a non-cupcake fan like myself... I have to give my allegiance to them now. 
Their cupcakes are by the far the best I've had (better than Georgetown cupcakes!) 
Why? 
- Perfection in the level of sweetness a human being ought to be having (none of that diabetic frosting) 
- Rich and moist cake texture a cupcake ought to have 
- Natural creamy smooth frosting that compliments the flavor it is representing
Must try: 
- red velvet 
- pumpkin spice
- green tea matcha (not always sold- check their Instagram) 
- CHOCOLATE CHIP COOKIES! $5 for a bagThe cupcakes were lacking flavor, dry, and the icing was hard and too thick. Not worth the price. The cupcakes I got were the Oreo, red velvet, carrot cake, and Cinnabon. I really wanted to like this place. The cupcakes were cute and so was the decor. Unfortunately, the cupcakes didn't taste as good as they looked.I could just die thinking about how awesome the red velvet cupcakes are!!!!!!! Decadent! Oh lala! I am from the camp of if you are going to eat a sweet you better make it worth it and they are!!Very disappointed.  This place is extremely pricey and the quality doesn't hold up.  We ordered a cake batter and chocolate ganache cupcake and a half baked cookie dough scoop. The cupcakes were very dry and seemed stale. It lacked flavor and had nothing luxurious about them to justify the prices charged.   The pre-scooped cookie dough was also stale and had darkened on the outside.  The store appearance/ display was also unimpressive.  Didn't appear appetizing at all.The owner of this place is really great. I called from out of the country to place an order for my friend's birthday. She took the order but when my friend arrived at the designated pick up time (30 minutes before close), the store was closed and no one was around. I emailed the shop and within a few hours the owner had offered to comp the cupcakes and deliver them the next day. She clearly felt bad about the incident and was trying to make up for it. It sounds like there was a communication issue with the manager. I will say that I was told to call back after I placed my order to confirm my card worked (since I'm out of the country) but no one picked up my ~6 calls over 3-4 hours. It seems like when the owner is there, the service is great but maybe the other workers aren't as reliable (3-4 hours is a long time to not pick up the phone).
I ordered 6 assorted cupcakes and my friend said they were overall delicious, well deserving of their high ratings. Her assortment included a cinnamon roll like cupcake, blueberry (w/graham crackers?), lemon meringue (?), chocolate with peanut butter, red velvet and chocolate with ganache. The standouts seemed to be the red velvet and cinnamon roll like cupcake. The chocolate ganache was the only one she found boring. 
I paid $3 per cupcake which seems reasonable/about average. Overall, I can't wait to give this place a try the next time I'm in Philly.Really good strawberry champagne cupcakes too (no I did not drop it...).I had a craving for a cupcake so I just popped in on a Sunday afternoon. The owner was very nice. I got a chocolate peanut butter cupcake for there and a red velvet to go! Both were perfect, not too much icing, not too much sugar, most and fluffy cake... I would certainly recommend this place for all your cupcake cravings!As a diehard cupcake enthusiast, I've tried the so called "best" cupcakes on both coasts. Sweet box is hands down the best cupcakes you will find in philly! 
Their flavors are very creative; my favorites are the magical unicorn, birthday cake, cinnamon bun, white chocolate oreo. 
The shop is located in a very quaint and peaceful section of center city. Customer service is the best- they are very responsive and it is always a treat to order a sweet box cupcake!!Let's be real, you had me when I heard the words "Edible Cookie Dough." Absolutely, love this place with its unique flavor offerings on cupcakes and of course the cookie dough. This bakery by far is one of the hidden gems of the city and far exceeded my expectations. I totally recommend the cookie dough, cookie dough brownie bar, mini vanilla cupcake (come with cookie dough on it), and "The Jawn" for all the funfetti lovers out there. Depending on the dessert, the prices can be a little expensive but totally worth it. Value wise however, you can easily share the bars in half with a friend or splurge over a couple day due to the indulgence flavors and portion size. 
Tip - Fun bakery with wide variety of options that you can deliver for through the Caviar app in the city. They even have an option to surprise someone. 
If it wasn't for my waistline, I would be here weekly for all my dessert needs! I'll be back soon enough though =DI never leave reviews but this is hands down the BEST dessert I've ever had. Everything in this shop is so creative and delicious, I highly recommend it.The shop is adorable with plenty to chose from. Staff were patient and helped me with my choices. They often have samples of a treat on a tray. They had they're version of a Twinkie which was surprisingly good since i was never a Twinkie fan. I ordered 4 cupcakes for $16 which is fair in price. The champagne and strawberries was my fav. I even told my mother that it would be my bridal shower cake. Now, im not big on cupcakes so I was shocked I enjoyed the strawberry. The other two had cookie dough as a topping, which i usually love cookie dough, but wasnt a fan of it on a cupcake. I also tried the vanilla and chocolate milkshake cupcake, which was just a vanilla and chocolate cupcake. The presentation of the cupcakes were adorable and would look great on a desert display. We also tried the sea salt chocolate chip cookie, a little too salty for my taste buds, but if thats your thing you may enjoy it. I may even go back and try a few different things they had like the ice cream and cookie dough popsI traveled from CT and found Sweet Box on instagram.  I was excited and wanted to celebrate my birthday weekend with a cupcake.  Sadly, I was disappointed.  The strawberry champagne cupcake was dry and crumbled.  It was very big, but I had to throw it out.  It was not worth the calories.  On a better note, my sister had the cookie dough push pop.  She loved it!Just stopped in here and, boy, am I disappointed from last couple of visits (probably a year ago and then a year before that at Night Market). 
This time, I got a Birthday Cake and Brown Sugar Cookie Dough.
the Birthday Cake (essentially vanilla on vanilla with rainbow sprinkles) was mediocre at best.  wasnt anything I couldn't make--i.e. didnt seem step above and the reason you would buy 1 for 1/2 the cost of making a batch yourself.
the ratio of icing to cake is way off. happy for the huge amount of icing but wish there had been more cupcake to support it. there was about 3/4 icing and 1/4 cake. seemed like not truly even a full cupcake. I think worst part about it was the cake itself was crumbly and not that good.
ALSO I get that it's an issue to run a store and pay overhead on a few baked goods alone--and the only way to make $ is to cut down on size and increase prices but at $4 each, and the only thing you are making, it should be spectacular. and it wasnt. $4 is overpriced (other bakeries are $3-$3.5 a cupcake) as well BUT if it was off the charts, I would not complain--given what I stated about hard to run a storefront...
the Brown Sugar Cookie Dough just seemed like a Vanilla on Vanilla with brown sugar added into the cake and icing mix; and a drop of Brown Sugar Cookie Dough (dark choc chip cookie dough) in the center.
totallllly underwhelmed :( ...will not be returning in future for cupcakes... i may give one last chance and try one of their huge cookie dough brownies but I think I will stick to Brown Betty (CONSISTENTLY YUM) for cupcakes (as well I def want to give Whipped a try!)All I can say is that I do not generally eat or enjoy desserts, however, their baked donuts (pumpkin) are possibly the most satisfying food-related surprise I've had in quite some time.
a baked donut fan, Sweet Box has made me.These cupcakes are delicious but you have to make sure to eat them fresh!
The cake is moist and the icing is an awesome edition to every single bite.
I must honestly say that I have only tried two of the cupcakes from this truck. The red velvet (i really like this one) and the chocolate raspberry (fresh raspberries).
The first time i bought a cupcake from Sweet Box I was having a so-so day. I decided, "meh, why not?" and bought myself the red velvet cupcake. Although they are 2.50-2.75 they are worth it. The next time I saw the truck I didnt think twice before stopping and buying myself a cupcake.
I would suggest trying this truck. Dont knock it til you try it :PAll of these cupcake trucks have eluded my review because I can't EVER find them! But once I learned that Sweetbox was finally opening a brick and mortar location, I put the date on my calendar to visit the moment they opened. I couldn't make opening day, but I did make it there a few days later, and the shop is super tiny and cute. It's really just meant for take away (the great thing about cupcakes is that they're instantly portable), although I think they had just a few seats available. I had a hard time deciding between flavors, and after talking to the owner for a bit decided to try out the tiramisu cupcake since she highlighted the mascarpone frosting used.
Warning: I'm biased due to my own tiramisu cupcake recipe, which my friends and family love, so I approached this with a fair amount of comparison. Their tiramisu cupcake is good, but not great, and didn't scream tiramisu flavor. The vanilla cupcake has a light moist crumb, and a very, very light flavor. The mascarpone frosting is dense, creamy, and sweet, with a glaze of what must be coffee on top, but I couldn't get a mascarpone flavor from the frosting, and the glaze was a little confusing. Overall, it just didn't taste like biting into tiramisu, which was disappointing. But at least I know that all of the components are made and baked very well, so I'll just have to try another flavor to know for sure that this is a great bakery for cupcakes - review update to come! :)Great customer service and delicious cupcakes! I had no trouble at all ordering cupcakes - they even deliver for an extra charge! Wouldn't that be a cute surprise for a loved one?
The truck is also always traveling around town - last I heard, it was at the new Eakins Oval park near the Art Museum.This little gem, located just past Dirty Frank's, was such a delight to explore! It's small and cozy, and full of some of the tastiest looking baked goods. However, we had one treat on our mind - the edible cookie dough "Doughlicious". 
My sister and I went to town and got three different flavors - peanut butter and marshmallow fluff, s'mores, and cake batter. There were no misses between the three, but we all had our favorites. She wanted more n' more s'mores, I couldn't get enough of that Fluffernutter, and my partner found his way into the cake batter - that was the last we saw of it! He couldn't get enough of the little white chocolate chips mixed in with the sprinkles.
I'll admit, my initial thought was "$5? But that scoop looks so small!" Boy was I wrong - we actually couldn't get through our single scoops - I finished mine about two days later after using a few bites as desserts for several meals. I'm so glad this trend came to Philadelphia, and it's no surprise that Sweet Box was the first to jump on board!I cannot say enough about how delicious the treat I got from Sweet Box was!!! I ordered the cake batter cookie dough bar and fell in love. I'll take a dozen more please!!!I love this place for a sweet treat. Not only do they have the best cup cakes in the city but they also have awesome cookies, brownies, etc....  They have all kinds of exotic cup cakes so depending on my mood I might have something like their Espresso Hazelnut Praline cupcake or their chocolate covered banana cupcake.  Once you bite into these delicious cupcakes you will never enjoy any other cupcake.I love cupcakes. These are the most amazing cupcakes. I am not sure there could be a better cupcake, unless the cupcake was free or full of money. Even if was free it probably wouldn't be better and if the other cupcake was full of money, I would probably just spend it at sweet box. Go to sweet box!Sweet Box Cupcakes are the best cupcakes in all the land. They have vegan options too. Albeit tasty, these cupcakes are also the most expensive I have ever bought at $4 each. They run out of vegan ones early in the day so don't hesitate to stop by! They also have other treats like cookies, pastries, and brownies.We're not big fans of American cupcakes/desserts because they are usually overly sweet for our tastes, but we were in Philly and near the area, so we decided to check it out because of rave reviews and gorgeous photos.  Sweet Box is a quaint, small shop that offers a unique variety of flavors (because we went near closing time, some flavors were already sold out).  The service was great, patient, and helpful as I had a hard time debating which flavor to get.
These are the best cupcakes we've ever had! Moist, decadent with the perfect amount of frosting and sweetness.  Flavors were amazing and one-of-a-kind, very creative!
We bought a box of 4 just to sample, but wish we bought more as it was that good!  We can't wait to go back to Philly and get more cupcakes!Wide assortment of desserts, and the desserts themselves are massive and delicious! Great for a catering option, or for individual treats.
Food: I love how much variety there is, and I've tried a few options myself - each one has been delicious, but some were a bit too sweet / I personally wouldn't order again (funfetti birthday cake bar was a bit sweet for me). Definitely would cut up the cookie dough brownie and the chocolate chip smores tart - one could probably feed 2-3 people!
Overall: 5 / 5 - delicious treats, and I love the variety of cupcake flavors. I wish they were a bit less expensive, but I think worth it for how large and tasty the desserts are! Would love to come back and try more!If I could give it 6 stars I would! Everything I have had here is amazing! They have cookie dough cupcakes, that is right, it's cookie dough AND a cupcake! They have all different flavors of cake and cookie dough combinations and every one I have had is amazing! Check out pictures on Instagram and you can see some of their beautiful delicious creations! If you have a sweet tooth and live in or are visiting philadelphia you should definitely make this a stop!I like the way the Shop looked, but  found the cupcakes just 'meh.' Specifically, the cake was tasteless and dense, but the icing was beyond sugary.... so I was underwhelmed by the flavor yet thought my teeth might fall out due to sugar... They were super pretty, though... I just don't want another, and couldn't finish the one I bought...Excellent find! Bought a pack of 4 and shared with friends... we couldn't wait and devoured on the spot. Vanilla vanilla was excellent and the frosting cream-cheesey-delicious. I kept thinking about it allllllll night!3.5 I got the banana pudding. It was definitely super sweet. It had some cake bread in it. The individual banana chunks also seemed to have this raw batter around it. I wasn't a particular fan of their banana pudding.
The store is very small. There's no place to sit and chat. You sort of have to grab and go. They also have a variety of interestingly flavored cupcakes! If I go back, I would definitely try one of their cupcakes.Eating here is a must!! Their treats are amazing! Get the cookie dough "doughlicious" or smores tart!You can smell this place from down the street, the intoxicating aroma of baked goods fills the air. I fully went here intending to get the Creamsicle cupcake that other reviewers have raved about, but was swayed by the Chocolate Banana cupcake. The cake itself was fantastic- just moist enough, great chocolate flavor, perfect texture. The frosting was a little too banana-y for me, but I scraped about half of it off and thoroughly enjoyed the rest. $3.50 for one cupcake is the right price point to keep my inner glutton in check and the cute takeout containers they use to package the single cupcakes kept it nice and safe during my trip home.Delish & adorable! Cupcakes are all wonderful, but the sugar cookies are low key the best buy.My sister hasn't always had it easy, but the fact that she now lives about 30 feet from some of the best damn cupcakes in Philadelphia surely brightens her days.
We adore the cupcakes here and stock up semi-regularly. I have on occasion wound up with an outlier cupcake that's been on the dry side, but that's not the norm here. I also sampled the dulce de leche recently, and it was a great cake, but the DDL flavor was weak.
For me, the chocolate peanut butter cupcake has proven flawless every single time, and it's become my go-to. But I'm open to trying others, especially as a die-hard red velvet fan.
Now, I hate to say it, but I'm not a fan of their cookie dough, despite my longstanding love for cookie dough. Their rendition of egg-free cookie dough is a clever concept, and it's beloved by many (including Philly Mag), but I've found it waxy and not terribly flavorful, so I don't get the hype. I might give it another try, especially in cookie dough pop form, 'cause it's enrobed in chocolate and on a stick, and that resonates with me.
The prices aren't cheap, but they're just right for the level of quality. Also, the ladies working here are super nice. I bought my mom a black and white milkshake cupcake, and my she pronounced it the best cupcake she's ever had. 
Long live Sweet Box Cupcakes!I got the chocolate ganache cupcake and it was super dry! I was so excited to try this place since I absolutely love cupcakes but was super disappointed! I don't know if it was dry because it had been sitting out too long! I think it's pretty pricy for the quality that you receive! I've had Lancaster cupcakes and sweet Ts and they were so much better and worth every penny!The cupcakes at Sweet Box, while pricey, are very good.  I have no problem paying extra for a quality product and often do, especially for food.  What I do have a problem with is supporting a business with bad service.  Doing so affirms this kind of behavior is okay.
Normally, I would disregard a less than friendly interaction, but on each of the three times I have visited this place, I have been extremely turned off.  It's really too bad because I enjoyed my cupcakes, and what is most unfortunate is the person guilty of the rudeness appears to be the owner, or at least in a managerial position.
She has:
- looked annoyed as I perused the options while staring at me impatiently (sorry, but not everyone has been staring at that display case all day too)
- never acknowledged my presence while walking into the tiny shop until I initiated the transaction (not even eye contact)
- always been immersed in a loud and annoying conversation that she is too unwilling to part from to serve
- made snappy comments to her employees that have made me a little uncomfortable
If you are so much better than to acknowledge a customer, I guess you must be doing really well yourself.  In that case, good for you, you don't need my loyalty from the neighborhood anyway.
I can't give only one star because like I said, the product is delicious.  I want to be fair to this business and the review reader in admitting that.  However, I won't be returning and will be looking to buy somewhere that values my support... or doesn't look pissed that I'd like to order at least.This is where you will find the best cupcakes in Philly. They are so well done--visually attractive and deliciously moist that they almost melt in your mouth . I highly recommend trying the Chocolate Ganache or Strawberries & Champagne cupcake!I have been visiting Sweetbox since they opened on 13th street. I loooovee their cupcakes! My favorite cupcakes (and I have tried many) are the chocolate stout peanut butter pretzel and the chocolate truffle. I also love their brownie (had the heart shaped brownie last Valentine's Day). Yum yum and more yum!My favorite bakery in the city so far. I have visited 3 times just for the funfetti cookies and cake. We sampled cupcakes and rasberry chocolate bars as well. Service is friendly and desserts do not disapoint.Every time I'm in Philly I end my trip with a trip to Sweet box (something I always look forward to)! My favorite thing they make is this tiramisu cup, they make it with a custard type stuff (what ever it is, it's flippn delicious!) All of the cupcake flavors are super yummy and always moist. They always have a great selection of fun and unique treats - lots of layered creations and lots of funfetti! My favorite bakery in Philly!Such a xwonderful bakery with delicious, unique treats! They have the most fun desserts, especially the new Philadelphia Flyers mascot cupcakes and the cookie bars. Atmosphere: so fun and cute. Instagrammability: top notch!! Yummyness: 11/10.Best cupcakes in Philadelphia (and I've eaten a lot). Definitely go for the cookie dough or the chocolate peanut butter, impossible to beat and a great price.This place has been on my "to try" list for a while, and I used a dinner invitation as an excuse to pick up half a dozen cupcakes for dessert. The quaint shop is located on a quiet street, almost unassuming, but once you enter the premises, you see cases filled with cookie dough treats, cupcake varieties, and cookie/brownie displays. Their cupcake menu seems to rotate, so I really had no idea what to expect. I opted for strawberry champagne, red velvet, chocolate peanut butter, shamrock (mint), cake batter, and birthday cake. Each cupcake was decorated beautifully and so gorgeous to look at! Out of all of the cupcakes, the chocolate peanut butter was a clear winner for my taste buds. I don't care for peanut butter that much, but the chocolate cake was moist and the peanut butter icing was light and fluffy. I also enjoyed the red velvet, shamrock, and cake batter cupcake. I read rave reviews about the strawberry champagne, so this was the one flavor I was looking forward to trying the most. Unfortunately, the cupcake was a little too dry and the champagne icing was just a little too overpowering for me. At a little over $4.00 a cupcake, I thought it was a bit expensive, but my friends and I thoroughly enjoyed tasting a sample of each flavor. I would love to come back to try a more citrus based cupcake next timeI'm actually quite disappointed with my recent purchases. I stopped by early afternoon on Saturday. They had a very limited cupcake selection. I couldn't find prices anywhere except for the cupcakes. I spent over $30 in baked goods for my boyfriends birthday. Honestly, I didn't think it was that good. The cupcakes and cake batter cookie bar were kind of dry. The desserts don't last more than 1 day before going stale. The frosting is overly sweet. I found the staff to be fine; not overly friendly or helpful. I read all the reviews before deciding to come here and honestly I'm unimpressed... maybe it was an off day in the kitchen.Gave this bakery a few chances before writing this review. 
Looks cute from the outside & their Instagram is precious.  However several times I've been in the customer service is hit or miss.  The staff sometimes don't acknowledge you when you walk in the door so it's off putting.  Best service I had here was usually later in the day and I was helped by a young man.  Super friendly, and way more engaging than any other staff member I had previously encountered.  
The baked goods here are pretty nice.  People rave over the Jawn Bars but they are hella sweet tbh so not for me.  Cupcakes usually don't disappoint but are sometimes majorly dry or totally frozen.  So like I said, it's hit or miss.  But for the price I'd expect it to be better quality.  
After getting some cupcakes that were seemingly on the frozen side I decided that I won't be back to this bakery unfortunately.  I highly recommend Cake Life in Fishtown to other sweet tooth's out there.These are hands down the best cupcakes in Philly. They have a great selection and tons of unique flavors as well as everyone's favorites such as chocolate, vanilla, and red velvet. My favorite flavors are chocolate chip cookie dough, ultimate lemon, and Butterfingers but it is impossible to pick a bad flavor here. 
Prices are reasonable, and the cupcakes are delicious. 
I have also tried several of their brownies and other treats, there isn't a bad thing here. They also do adorable cakes and decorations for each holiday.I am beyond thrilled that I found Sweet Box Cupcakes for my daughter's Cupcake Themed Baby Shower.  Seriously the best vanilla cupcake I have ever had.  The cupcake was very moist and bursting with flavor and the icing - oh my gosh - YUMMY!   I am looking forward to traveling into town one day just to try the different offerings.    I just hope she doesn't get too big and can continue to make the cupcakes from scratch everyday!  Or at least on the days I plan to eat one :)  Thank goodness I need to travel 30 minutes for one or I would be there everyday!I'm not a big fan of cupcakes, so naturally, I opt for the pudding over a cupcake!
Light, fluffy, yet smooth and slightly sweet pudding-oh boy!
Homemade creamy pudding? Check. 
Sliced fresh bananas? Check. 
Enough happy scoop of whipped cream for an instant mood changer? Check.
Sensational bananas pudding, so fresh, like a morning on the beach. Enough said!
Four Yelps!Cute place, but prices are high. Nothing special there was barely any taste. I was disappointed and probably will not return.I stopped in here one afternoon to satisfy my sweet tooth. I got a cupcake, a s'mores tart and two cookie sandwiches. 
The cupcake was by far and away my favorite purchase. It was AMAZING. Moist, flavorful, excellent icing to cake ratio. I want to say the flavor I got was vanilla chocolate milkshake? Man. It was amazing. 
The s'mores tart was also very good- chocolate chip cookie base, I think it had some graham cracker in it too, topped with chocolate ganache and then toasted marshmallow. It took me two sittings to eat it, and I was annoyed that the marshmallow kept sticking to the paper they wrapped it in, but really nice. 
Then because I am a fat kid, I also got two cookie sandwiches. A chocolate chip and a sugar. The sugar cookie was my favorite of the two. It was just right. Frosting filling and the sugar cookie were delicious. The chocolate chip I didn't like quite as much. I'm not sure if the frosting was the same in the two sandwiches, but I don't think it was. Surprisingly I didn't think the filling in the chocolate chip sandwich went with it as well as the sugar cookie. I still ate it all. 
The girl at the counter greeted me when 
I came in and asked if she could help me with something specific, but when I asked her questions she couldn't really give me answers. 
I'd go back to try more amazing cupcakes!On recent weekend trip to Philly, we found this location on Yelp and took a short walk from downtown to this Excellent local small business. I can say I have honestly never had such rich, buttery goodness as I had in the buttercream frosting that was between the 2 salted dark chocolate chip cookies - AMAZING! My husband picked 2 varieties of edible cookie doughs. The cake batter which featured M & M's and Sprinkles which was great but I was partial to the more traditional chocolate chip that they had available presented in "push pop" presentation. 
We also got a cookie dough brownie which would've served 6 easily given the overall richness. This was the most perfect, chewy, chocolatey brownie topped with a layer of chocolate chip cookie dough and topped with thick layer of chocolate ganache. It was so good, I wouldn't hesitate to get any brownie, cookie doughs or cookie sandwiches which I can personally speak to. 
Prices are decent for area, staff was friendly. Get there early for best availability. I am almost happy I don't live close as I would be visiting way too often. Do your sweet tooth a favor and go now!I'm actually quite disappointed with my recent purchases. I stopped by early afternoon on Saturday. They had a very limited cupcake selection. I couldn't find prices anywhere except for the cupcakes. I spent over $30 in baked goods for my boyfriends birthday. Honestly, I didn't think it was that good. The cupcakes and cake batter cookibar were kind of dry. The desserts don't last more than 1 day before going stale. The frosting is overly sweet. I found the staff to be fine; not overly friendly or helpful. 
I also bought the cookie dough (cake batter and Oreo) and they were delicious. My boyfriend and I loved them. Kept well in the fridge. They definitely can make some good cookie dough. Would return for that.Such diverse and delicious treats!!! Plenty of cupcake flavors, some unique to the store. There is edible cookie dough and small treats like muffins, cakes, etc. It's all baked fresh in store daily and is heaven in a small store for dessert lovers!i followed this place on instagram a few months ago and have been dreaming about going since and today was the day. i did a 6 cupcakes, two vanilla, a lemon, red velvet, black and white milkshake, and cookie dough as well as the oreo jawn. all the cupcakes were pretty good although a the lemon and vanilla were a bit dry- the jawn was really good but i wish they did ones that were about half the size so i could've tried more than one.I love this place! If you know what you want you might want to go earlier in the day to make sure it's not sold out !Sweetbox is by far the best place to get cupcakes and other baked goods. Their birthday cupcake has amazing flavor and is so moist! I believe they use a cream cheese / buttercream icing..I usually dont care for cream cheese icing ,but this icing is awesome :-) Me and my children's favorite thing to get is tgr funfetti cookie dough brownie ...I cant even bring together the words to descibe how utterly scrumptious it is! A must try.So here's the deal good people. I am a cupcake addict. I'm not sorry. I LOVE cupcakes more than any other dessert. I've had them all over the world and right here my friends, right here in my hometown of Philadelphia, is the best cupcake on earth. 
I present to you, the black and white milkshake cupcake. 
The skies opened and the angels sang the moment I saw this perfect little cake. I don't know what elfin' magic is goin' on in that sweet little bakery, but this cupcake actually tastes like a fluffy light milkshake. It's heaven. 
So far I've had chocolate ganache, mint chip, vanilla vanilla, red velvet (a serious contender for second place favorite), cookie dough and every dang one is fabulous. 
Perfect balance of icing to cake. Just insanely wonderful. Go get a dozen!!The cupcakes here are great! They seem like they're average in size but the icing is filling. The cupcakes are sweet and moist, as cupcakes should be! My personal favorite is the PB Jawn! I also tried the original Jawn and although it tasted great, I didn't like it as much as the PB one. The only real downfall is the prices, it's pretty expensive but well worth it if you choose pick-up over deliveryMy favorite cupcakes in the city. Been coming to sweet box since it was a truck. The prices have gone up considerably ($4.50 per cupcake now) which is rather rich for my blood but who am I kidding, I will still be paying it as I am a cupcake ADDICT and also a cupcake snob (just ask Deedra, my coworker who makes cupcakes that I basically inhale lol). So, you will a pay a pretty penny BUT if you dream about cupcakes like I do just give them your money lol. I don't give ratings out like this too easily, Sweet Box is THEEEEEE BEST! Any excuse to go will do!I've been lucky to have the cupcakes at private parties and am thrilled that Gretchen has the truck now!  I order a dozen for every holiday and my favorites are the red velvet and the chocolate.  (My boyfriend likes to steal the vanilla.)   They're all delicious!Sweet Box is hands down the BEST BAKESHOP IN PHILLY!! You will not be disappointed with anything you get from Sweet Box. The entire team is wonderful and Gretchen is simply the best. If you want a custom order or just picking up a cupcake for a snack you found the right place. The shop offers a super cute atmosphere and pink vibes throughout. You NEED to visit Sweet Box if you're looking for the best and most delicious confections in Philly!Maybe I went in with my expectations far too high. I'd been following them on Instagram and then saw them on Fox 29, so I was expect the most awesome cupcake for $4 a pop. I got the Vanilla & Strawberry Champagne. The cake was a bit dry on both. The Vanilla wasn't sweet at all and just very bland- I only finished half of it. The Strawberry Champagne was just passable because it had a teaspoon more of flavor. I've definitely had better for less (shout out to Velvet Sky in Jenkintown!). IMO it's just another over sold Philly spot. Definitely not anything to write home to momma about.We came here for the cupcakes. My boyfriend and I are cupcake lovers and determined to find the best in the city. These cupcakes were really really great. This place has so many amazing different options.
The owner here is great too and you can tell really cares about her business. This is the Best cupcake place we have found so far in the city.     
Sweet life, pretty tasty cupcakes and sweet box bakery and still our front runners out of about 15 venues. We will be back!More like 2.5.  The cupcake itself was extremely dry. Crumbs everywhere because it was so dried out.  The icing was good.  Since it's $4.50 each little cupcake- I didn't want to throw the whole thing away- so I picked off the clump of cold icing and ate that.  The cupcakes imust be made in large batches and then frozen to frost as needed- or made and totally frozen since some of the cupcakes were dEcorated with red and green Christmas sprinkles- and Christmas was 2 weeks ago.  Overall, total waste of $34 on dry cupcakes.Really good cupcake. But a regular sized cupcake for $4.50 is crazy! I don't know if I would come back because of the price but I treated myself for my birthdayNo caption needed!!!! So so so yummy. Not to mention the cupcakes are the best EVER! My fave is the strawberry champagne one, omg, I wish I bought more! Needless to say I'd totally recommend this bakery - it's delish!Really?
*scratches head*
Seems like I'm the odd guy out but there is absolutely nothing mentionable about these cupcakes.
Wait, rewind that - there is absolutely nothing mentionable about these cupcakes in proportion to the price. 
I ended up here because one of my friends posted an mouthwateringly delicious picture of cupcakes from here off Instagram. From that day forward I made it my mission to try these and about a month ago I made that reality. We made it and decided on getting the butterfinger, regular vanilla (had jimmies), red velvet and a sweet potato that felt seasonal enough to try. I understand that when things are more "indulgent" there's a tendency to get a smaller amount but I was really unimpressed with these. Even splitting the flavors with a friend we pretty much got done each in two bites (not counting the unnecessarily mountainous sized globs of icing). Don't get me wrong - the flavors are good, very fresh and very distinct to each name. 
Essentially $5 a pop for one of these? Eh, just wasn't there for me. Neither was the service. Pricing one cupcake as such you really should provide more than a "Let me know what you need" and walkaway. No, hello - no, the flavors are ____, our specials/limited/ are ___....nothing. They clearly assume these cupcakes sell themselves and don't even bother to approach for someone that may be new to the shop.I get that cupcakes aren't rocket science but $5 cupcakes should at least come with a SMILE i mean sheeeesh!
 Honestly, I much prefer Brown Betty's (*cough* Brown Betty's on a GOOD fresh day) to these. I appreciated trying them (kudos for flavors) but I won't be returning. This spot kind of reminds me of the CONCEPT (Overpriced x Overhyped) of Baked by Melissa's in NY (Sweet Box being a LOT bigger size-wise) and I personally didn't find either place to be worth the value. 
Hey, call me petty for expecting customer service that correlates with price - call me a great at home baker that doesn't feel the need to spend on sweets - or dammit just call me CHEAP! Either way, personal opinion makes this a no-return for me.I come here more than I'd ever like to admit. I also order the cookie dough via Caviar when myself/best friends are having a bad day. It's always a win.
I've had it all here. The cupcakes, cookie dough, the "jawn", cookies, etc. Everything is amazing. The cupcakes (fan favorite: birthday cake) are incredible. The perfect amount of rich, creamy frosting on each one... excellent frosting/cake ratio for my cupcake lovers. Each cupcake runs you about $4.50
A box of 12 cookie dough balls works well for bringing to parties. You can order in advance via their email.
The "jawn" is a funfetti cupcake bar with cookie dough and frosting on top. It's about $7 but worth every penny.
I hope it's clear I think you should go here.I am a dessert fanatic. I eat dessert every day.  I'm more committed to it than many things in my life.
That being said - do not leave Philadelphia without visiting Sweet Box Cupcakes!
Here's why I love it - and why you will, too:
1.) Flavor:  The flavors are a great mix of nostalgic, childhood comfort and inventive, bold and daring.  From black and white milkshake cupcakes, to campfire cookie dough with real, charred marshmallows - you'll find flavor varieties that surprise and delight.
2.) Quality:  The unique touches and details in every baked good show how much passion and love go into these baked goods.  The funfetti cake is topped with a decorative swirl of frosting and a generous dousing of rainbow sprinkles.  The brownie is decadently layered with chocolate chip cookie dough.  The cupcakes feature flavored cake and icing that meld together harmoniously for the perfect bite from start to finish. 
3.) Variety:  Though the shop is small, is filled to the brim with cookies, cupcakes, cookie sandwiches, cakes, cookie dough and more.  I legit wanted to order one of everything.  And I'll be back to try more!This place is cute, but it is lacking in flavor and it is way to expensive for the taste it delivers. Not a fan. The cake itself is missing something, there is too much icing and it is too hard.I had them at the Beerfest last weekend and they were delicious. Very moist, great flavors. Great !Love love love this place. It's my favorite place to go for cupcakes. Every single time I have an appointment at Jefferson hospital. I make sure to walk the few blocks up to get my cupcake and cookie dough fix. Cake batter, Strawberry Champagne, Chocolate Oreo cookies dough are some of my favorites. I will be there again sometime this week with my daughter.A begrudging 4 - preferably a 3.5. After 15 minutes in the shop, I settled on the brown sugar cupcake, the original jawn and the tiramisu for a friend. I went there for the original jawn, which is why I was left disappointed by the synthetic taste and texture of the jawn. All I could taste was grainy sugar. The buttercream on the cupcake was also sugary, but the flavor and execution of the cake made the cupcake rather good overall. However, my friend devoured her tiramisu. That tiramisu must have been divine, because my friend has pretty high standards. Because of the this and the huge, unique selection they have, I will be going back to try what else they have to offer!This review is mainly for the chocolate ganache cupcake: SO SO good. Sometimes I try out another cupcake or two, and they're never disappointing. But the chocolate one is something else.
Generally, all of the cupcakes that I've had here are perfectly moist, but not soggy. They're well flavored, and come in a variety of choices. The chocolate ganache that tops my favorite one is just the right amount of bittersweet. I don't particularly like the ones topped with buttercream frosting, but I don't generally like buttercream frosting anyway. For those who like a high ratio of frosting to cake, this is the place for you. Personally, I tend to take off about 50% of the icing (cake is more important to me!)
They also have an assortment of cookies, lemon bars, and assorted other pastries laid out on the counter. I'm usually way too engrossed in the cupcake display to pay these goodies much attention, but if I ever get around to those I'll be sure to write an update!I've been seeing the cupcakes from this bakery on Instagram often and people raving about how good they are. I also heard my brother talking about this place non stop also so I needed to try something from here and see what the hype is all about. 
My brother ended up grabbing me a half dozen when he was in the area working. I ended up cutting the cupcakes up and sharing them with my sister and her bf. We did a little cupcake wars taste test of each cupcake piece and critiqued them and basically said if we enjoyed them or not. 
My favorite was the chocolate chip cookie dough cupcake because it had edible cookie dough on top and in the middle which was tasty. As far as the other cupcakes, the cake was a bit dry and didn't match the hype around this place. 
I tried the edible cookie dough by itself and really liked it. I would go myself one day and get different cupcakes so I can see which one is my second favorite. I enjoyed tasting the different cupcakes and think they are creative with putting all kinds of toppings on them, and for the fact they sell cookie dough that is edible is awesome. I would definitely come down here one day and grab my own baked goods.Let me start by saying I am a huge dessert fanatic and live in NYC. I have tried cupcakes from everywhere you could think of and these were the best I have ever had. My boyfriend also said the same thing. A Philly must have!!! I wish I lived closer! Also super easy with DoorDash and delivered well.I love this place and will definitely be back to enjoy the same treats as before and also to try some of the other sweets they have. They have the best cupcakes I've ever had and the nicest people working here. The only thing I would say is that it is a bit pricey but it's worth the splurge!edible cookie dough is the best thing ever idk why it took so long to become s thing honestly. the cookie dough push pops are good but go for the chocolate dip cookie dough and you will thank meStopped by the night of my birthday a few minutes before closing & they were kind enough to let us in! All the sweets are delicious, and very well decorated--the best instagram-worthy cupcakes ever! Definitely recommend these sweets as an after-dinner dessert or birthday giftThis shop is definitely a darling little pink bakery with a good assortment of treats. Overall, I did enjoy it. We tried a few treats to get a good idea of their selection. We tried 2 different Jawns, strawberry milk cupcakes, ricotta lemon cookies and a colorful rainbow cookie. By far my favorite was the strawberry cupcake. It truly tastes like a glass of Nestle Quick strawberry milk. 
They do not go light in the frostings and toppings! The original Jawn was good. I liked the cake at the bottom better than the other two layers. The other Jawn was peanut butter and dark chocolate. It was good also but since dark chocolate is not my favorite, it was tasty but not one I would order again. 
While I enjoyed the sweets, the selections were a bit too sweet for me. However, you can tell that they are adamant about flavor and selection. 
FYI: the shop is a bit hidden. Here's what I can tell you. It it's slightly diagonal to the Presbyterian church with t-shirts lighting their railing. If you pass that church, you've passed the shop. I would recommend that they put a sidewalk sign out or a light in the window of some sort to attract attention.Oh my lanta these are my cupcakes. 
Not only did they deliver in 25 mins after order was placed - the cupcakes were fantastic.  We ordered something called the "jawn"; cake, cookie dough, frosting. We all cried it was so good. 
My friend John liked it a bunch too.I was so excited to try these. I try cupcakes everywhere and anywhere and I was soooo let down.
#1. I will say that the cupcakes were the most expensive I've ever had at $25 for 6. Nuts. Even for a city. Even The food network cupcakes are $20 for 6...  Pretty Tasty Cupcakes (very famous) are $18 for 6.
#2. Two of the cupcakes were great! (We got 6 different kinds). These two kinds must have been made that day or the day before.
 The other 4 were HARD, and SO DRY on the inside they literally crumbled to hundred of pieces when you bit into them. And made you mouth dry. And the icing was hard. 
They must have been made days and days ago and put in a fridge where they got hard and dried out. 
To be charging $5 for cupcakes, you need to be making them that day or the day before. I get that its a lot of work, but if you're going to be lazy and deliver an old product,  you need to charge Shoprite prices. You cant let Acme outshine you in freshness. 
They got a 2 because presentation is fantastic and the fresh cupcakes WERE good. But I am annoyed that I paid $25 for 2 cupcakes. 
We probably wont be back- if we do, we will be sure to ask for actual fresh products. Please keep the stale ones!We've been fans of Sweet Box since tasting their cupcakes years ago when they were just a truck. We have since become really big fans of their midtown village storefront. 
Their "Jawn" is without a doubt one of the best desserts/snacks in all of Philly. It's TO. DIE. FOR!!! It's an edible funfetti dough bar smothered in buttercream frosting and topped with JIMMIES!! It's honestly outrageous, and is alone worth a visit, although their cupcakes and other goodies such as my kiddo's favorites, the chocolate covered edible chocolate chip cookie dough pops (say that one more time and let it sink in!!!!) are not to be overlooked! 
Cupcake stand outs for our crew are peanut-butter pretzel and cotton candy. They're light but packed full of flavor. 
Most recently we ordered a few Jawns and some cookie dough bites topped we topped with slim candles and fun themed toothpicks for a unique alternative to a traditional birthday cake for our daughter. It was such a huge hit!!! (A little "Jawn" goes quite a long way as it's super thick) 
A tad pricey but worth every penny. 
You cannot go wrong with anything here but if you're picking up jawns or dough bites to-go, remember they need to be refrigerated immediately. 
Ahhhhhh-mazing!! TRULY!!Wow! So good! So happy finally found a bakery.
Our town hasn't got a bakery, missed a bakery.Stopped by again for some treats. I got the cookies and cream cookie dough and "the jawn" cookie bar.  I think this is a very pricey bakery but he loved everything and it's worth it!Like everything at Sweet Box, the cheesecake bar are delicious!  Great texture and consistency. The crust is so buttery.  Great job, Sweet Box!This little place doesn't look like much on the outside, but, don't judge a book by its cover! These cupcakes are pretty fantastic! They have a variety of flavors, which they switch out regularly, and also have a selection of cookies and other delicious treats for sale. The people who work there are always super friendly and pleasant. If you're looking for a perfect little dessert at the end of the day, I would recommend this place! The chocolate ganache, chocolate peanut butter, birthday cake cupcake, and chocolate/vanilla milkshake cupcake are some of my favorites! They go great also in the morning with a cup of coffee! They can be a bit pricey... but, If paying a few extra cents is worth the price for perfection, then it's all worth it! :-)Great. Blueberry cheesecake cupcake may have been the best bakery item I've ever had. No more time to write a review... I've got the remainder of a half dozen of cupcakes to work through.Don't think. Just get the cookie dough. Fortunately, there's cookie dough everything. Everything from pops to cake-popsicles. It's delicious, a little too sweet, but it hits the craving really well. There's virtually no place to sit, so you should plan on eating your sweet deliciousness elsewhere. It's a little cramped, but they more than make up for the space by making quality products. It is a little pricey though, but there's a reason that they are so popular.Try the cake batter cupcake - fun, tastes great, moist! Also, the lemon ricotta cookies are a great giftI have always been thankful for sweet box in my life, but especially now since they are open for pickup and delivery during these difficult times. They make the most perfect cupcakes I've had in Philadelphia and will turn anyone's frown upside down.Keeping a group of 
People in their small store just 
To chat turned me off* 
*covid times 
** cookie dough Popsicle and banana pudding were awesome! The jawn was/is an unnecessary addition to your order as it has 3 disappointing layers. Eaten together or separately, never againI must say... the cupcakes presentation was great and customer service was very good.  I've been following Sweet Box Philly for some time and was excited to finally stop in while I was in Center City. But I am not sure if I would ever buy again... The cupcakes looked so delicious but when I ate them I could only say that they were just OK.  Those cupcakes were expensive and I needed them to taste the price I paid.  If I walk by them again, I may try something besides the cupcakes.COOKIE DOUGH!
This is basically what drew me in. After having brunch near by, a friend and I walked by and decided to take a look. There were a lot of options - lots of cupcakes, huge lemon bars, and tiramisu. But what caught my eye was a separate cookie dough menu. I eventually ended up ordering a cup of cookie dough for myself and my partner, as well as one of the jawn bars to share. The $5 cup cookie dough was exactly what I was looking for. The jawn bar was only okay. It was very dense, which isn't my preference. Plus, being $8, I probably won't buy it again. Overall, a great place for your sweet tooth, especially if you love cookie dough.This is place is super cute mom and pop shop. Picked up half a dozen cupcakes for a birthday (wish I took pictures) and everyone loved each cupcake. I wish I was able to take a bite of each one as the different flavors they had were unique as well as normal. I had the strawberry one which was so good. I inhaled the cupcake in less than a minute. The cupcake was very moist which I loved and not too sweet. They are a little pricey as I paid a little over $20 for 6 cupcakes but definitely worth it for occasions or cravings. The worker there was also super nice (can't seem to remember her name) and very friendly. The service makes you want to go back and this place is definitely a place will be going back to for cakes/cupcakes.