I have been going to Sweet Freedom now for about 4-5 months...I first heard of them when they were featured on a Groupon deal. Being vegan, I was overjoyed to find a vegan bakery in center city, and I have never been disappointed in my many visits there!
My personal favorite is the creme sandwich cookies, of which they usually have 2-3 different varieties of. They are probably the best vegan cookies that I have ever had, and I have tried many. 
It is my pleasure to support a locally owned small business that is doing its best to compete in a world that is dominated by corporate foods...and one that uses NO animal products in their baked goods. If people want to boycott Sweet Freedom because they perceive it as not being "vegan", well it's your loss!Thank you! Thank you! To the person whose brainchild this was. As a mom, it's a rare treat to walk in any other bakery with your child who is GF/DF and tell her to pick any treat she wants!!As a non-celiac/non-vegan, these baked goods just tasted super dry. Though I will say, for vegans and celiacs, this is probably the best they can do with regards to baked goods.
For now, I'll stick to my milk, eggs and glutenous foods. Bottomline, if you're vegan/celiac go here, everyone else just find a good regular bakery.I really like this place--hands-down the healthiest dessert fare in Philly. I'm vegan and gluten-free, so naturally I love it. My only complaint is that there isn't great vibe inside the shop--wish there were Pandora going or something. I think that would make a huge difference. Otherwise, highly recommend going for takeout and bringing to parties, events, or just your own kitchen.damn you, sweet freedom! why do you have to tempt me with your delicious goodness? (of course, it doesn't make it any easier that i received a gift card on my birthday from a very thoughtful mother.) 
i decided to stray from my standby cookie sandwich (since my last one here wasn't that great) and delve into the world of cupcakes. bad idea because now all i do is dream of cupcakes. i've had the samoa and the german chocolate kinds because i'm a sucker for coconut. both are phenomenal but if i had to pick a la sophie's choice, i'd go with the samoa. i've been exercising all kinds of restraint to keep myself from going to sweet freedom daily to sample more cupcakes.Ohhhhh Sweet Freedom indeed!
I actually found Sweet Freedom online during my big lactose free wedding cake fiasco. (for financial reasons I couldn't use sweet freedom and will have a home baked little cake for myself to cut). 
I met with one of the owners, Megan, who was FANTASTIC. She was very laid back and friendly as well as knowledgeable and helpful. She offered a ton of different options to us as far as size flavor and decoration. She had some great insight to even offer me should I not choose her and go with a regular bakery, regarding cross contamination etc that you have to deal with for food allergies. I also found it inpressive that she actually said hello to each and every customer that walked in on that busy saturday afternoon. I love that. I even got a chance to talk with the cake decorator, who was seriouslyjust as sweet as the cupcakes she decorates!!
I only had a chance to buy the caramel toffee cupcake, a chocolate cupcake, a cookie, a vanilla cupcake and a slice of tomato pie.
All fantastic, although I'm partial to the chocolate.
I'll be back soon...after the wedding so i don't have to worry about not fitting into my dress!!!! :) Hands down a great place for people with food allergies!!!!Great vegan, allergen free bakery, with both traditional and edgy goods.  They have a wide variety of treats -- doughnuts, cupcakes, cookies, and bars.  I had the chocolate cayenne lime cookie -- the cookies are thin and slightly crisp, which I guess is to be expected from an allergen free cookie. It was tasty and had a nice spicey bite.  Not bad for $1.65.  Also tried a sample of the chocolate chip cookie, which is not noteworthy (skip it) and the magic bar which was just okay.  They list out all their ingredients for those avoiding certain foods. I will probably be back for a cupcake -- I feel like icing is the real test for an allergen-free spot.
Don't expect "normal" treats, because that's not what they're about.It's fine, but not great. I wouldn't come back. Their sweets looked and tasted mediocre.If you have crazy allergies this is the place to be. I admit, I have celiac and dairy intolerance so I was pumped for this place. It's quite pricey and they don't use any preservatives so make sure you eat whatever you get quickly-learn from my mistake. If you're just gluten free and want something close to a real brownie, this isn't the place for you. But if you want vegan, dairy free, etc. then go here. It's not bad if you have all these restrictionsLoved the fruit tart that we had here today! I am always amazed at the quality of the baked goods here! The blondie that I took home for the family was a hit!To anyone with food allergies, this place is probably amazing. Coming from someone who doesn't have food allergies and is vegan, I have had MUCH better desserts. Nothing is outstanding and most items are just okay. 
My suggestion if you have food allergies: Enjoy, because you probably don't get these desserts often.
My Suggestion if you're vegan with no allergies: Walk a street over to Govinda's who get's some AMAZING desserts from Vegan Treats. Now those treats will really make you happy!This vegan/gluten free bakery is a wonderful little treat during my Philly trips. If I lived nearby I might have an addiction. Those cookie sandwiches are ridiculous!Thank heavens for Sweet Freedom Bakery. I made my first stop there last week for a Valentine's day treat with my fiance. I got the chocolate cupcake, chocolate chip cookie, and a brownie. Yeah, I ate all of it. The chocolate chip cookie was definitely the BEST allergen-free cookie I've ever had. I need to go get more ASAP. The cupcake had sort of a weird texture, but I usually expect that when eating allergen-free. The brownie was also amazing. Great texture, soft but just a little bit crusty on the outside, super chocolately and delicious. For anyone that has apple or banana allergies like me, make sure to double check ingredients because apple sauce and banana is sometimes used in their recipes!They use really good ingredients that are displayed under every item which I liked. It was just very pricey for a cupcake and the coffee I walked out with was cold. Overall, it was a good cookie with good ingredients.Not tasty and certainly not worth the price.  I get it.  Your baked good are dairy free, meat free, soy free, egg free, nut free and most importantly taste free.  I have all the respect in the world for people with special diets whether it be medical or moral, but when you engage in that type of diet you have to give up certain things.  if you are a vegan who does not eat soy, guess what - you need to give up tasty desserts.  
Also, at the prices they charge this place needs to learn to take credit.Super delicious cookie sandwiches. Oh my goodness. And tomato pie when they have it is a true treat for the gluten-free crowd -- those who can scarf down real pizza are advised to do so. However anyone could appreciate the yummy cookies. And t hey sell cupcake tops separately if you like -- so you can buy just the best part of the cupcakes!!! Awesome! I give this place high marks for tasty factor and health factor!This was a cute bakery that did have all the restrictions covered.. but my magic bar was very dry and felt more like a dry protein bar than a yummy dessert, maybe I should have gone with a cupcake or something..YES. gluten-free and super healthy...and still delicious. yes, I will admit that some of the items on the menu taste unique, and maybe not like typical bakery items...BUT as a gluten-free consumer, I am impressed with the creativity of the desserts, given the limited ingredients. I'm also always excited for donuts and cupcakes.I'm a vegan and my father in law picked me up some treats from Sweet Freedom...DELICIOUS. I'm looking forward to placing an order or going in sometime it the near future! Maybe they'll make my birthday cake!Thankfully, I am one of the fortunate ones who has no food allergies and can eat anything my little heart desires. Unfortunately, many folks suffer from Celiac disease, ( gluten ), dairy, corn, eggs, peanuts and soy. Sweet Freedom Bakery in Philadelphia is the only totally gluten, egg, dairy, corn, peanut, soy, wheat, casein free bakery in Philadelphia, which also makes it not only kosher but vegan friendly.
They use no refined sugars and instead rely on coconut sugars, agave nectar and pure maple syrup for sweetening. Flours range from brown to white rice, fava  or garbanzo beans and sorghum. They have cakes, pies, cookies, brownies, loafs, muffins, crisps and cupcakes and will ship nationwide!
The pumpkin products have too much ginger in them, I could not even detect the pumpkin in the sandwich cookie, nor the cupcake, I love ginger, but I wanted to taste the pumpkin too. The sandwich cookies are quite large and were both of our favorites. The very friendly young girl who helped us pick and choose, suggested we try to freeze them, " it will be like eating ice cream sandwiches" 
SO we got... A pumpkin sandwich cookie filled with an abundance of cream cheese filling, a chocolate chip sandwich cookie filled with a chocolate ganache, an oatmeal raisin filled sandwich cookie, a chocolate, chocolate chip sandwich cookie filled with a mint filling, a few cupcakes, fruit crisp, a chocolate brownie, cinnamon rolls, two slices of the triple chocolate cake and oatmeal raisin cookies.
The cinnamon rolls were surprisingly good as well as the sandwich and oatmeal cookies. We did find most of the products to be dry, but then again we are used to tolerable ingredients, so I give it a thumbs up for those who have long suffered and been without life's sweeter indulgence. 
So my dear friend Gretchen can crave her gluten free sweet tooth via transit and hey brian they make an awesome rhubarb apple crisp!  (3.5)Ok so I was turned on to this place many years ago by a friend.  I'm not on a gf diet nor do I have any other food allergies/sensitivities so I was not seeking them out. Yet I continue to go back all these years later whenever I'm in the neighborhood.   
The reason I continue to return?  The chocolate chip cookie sandwiches!  Yum-they have a interesting texture, I'm sure due to the gf ingredients and the rest, and a great taste!  I also really enjoy the magic bars and crumbles of whichever fruit they are serving up.  Today it was a tasty and texturally satisfying apple crumble.  There are additional treats like cupcakes, quick breads and other cookies.  
They have a good tea selection and drip coffee, which I've never tried because I just don't do drip, and also a cold case of water bottles and other drinks.  There is a small seating area.  
I don't usually like to add reviews to establishments that have as many as SF already has but I felt like they really weren't getting full credit with any 3 stars or less.  Their flavors are really something to enjoy!  And I love that I can enjoy unrefined sweets without all the animal fats and/or preservatives.  
Check it out!I like Sweet Freedom for a few reasons. I've never had a less than really pleasant experience there, their stuff is gluten free & vegan, and they have specials fairly often (which they advertise via their twitter on the day of.)
I've been their customer at least a dozen times already and I'll definitely be back in the future when i need to grab dessert for something. 
Important: as far as the cupcakes go, i really 100% prefer the chocolate to the vanilla. The vanilla is just eh. The icing itself is always pretty incredible. Their items do not hold up well in the heat either, so keep that in mind if you're going to a bbq or something this summer.
That being said though...check out their twitter and give them a try when they are having a special to see if they are for you.A remarkable find in the midst of center city west!  The unbelievably delectable delicacies of this charming cookery utilize only vegan, all-natural ingredients. The service is splendid!My wife recently found out she has food sensitivities to a variety of foods, including dairy, soy, gluten and sugar. Obviously, this makes it difficult to have any sort of baked goods. But I found Sweet Freedom online, and we checked it out when we visited Philadelphia for a day.
The results? Easily the best allergy-friendly baked goods we've ever had! Despite what other reviews on TripAdvisor say, the cupcakes were moist and delicious -- I honestly wouldn't have known it lacked the "normal" ingredients found in most cupcakes. We were both impressed with how great the cookies and cupcakes were, we bought a whole bunch to bring back with us to Connecticut, because you just can't find stuff like that anywhere around CT!
The prices were higher than you'd find at an average bakery, but obviously that's due to the ingredients used (aka, not flour, sugar, eggs and milk, which are all cheap). We were more than happy to buy from this place, considering how hard it now is to find allergy-free baked goods, and GOOD ones at that.
The staff there was extremely friendly and helpful, the store was clean and neat, and we had a wonderful overall experience. Can't wait until the recipe book comes out later this year!They make very convincing chocolate desserts here. The magic bar had a lovely chocolately taste to it. Not my favorite, but it was tasty and resembled a dense chocolate toffee bar. I think I expected too much of this one when I came in.
The vanilla cupcake was delicious and had more of a muffin-like texture to it. Just the right amount of sweetness, moist, soft. The chocolate frosting was surprisingly tasty! I'd come back for a cupcake. This was probably my favorite. 
The crumb cake is ... meh. It tastes GF and vegan, if you know what I mean. I was least impressed with this one. 
The cookies are tasty. Doesn't have the same caramelized texture and crispness as a real cookie (i still prefer the real thing), but they are darn good! The pumpkin cookie sandwich had a great flavor to it. The spices were nicely balanced. 
The blueberry oat bar was very good! The blueberry filling is super intense though and jam-like. 
The place IS expensive. For a sampling of 5 things, it cost me $20. However, the fact that it's GF, vegan, everything-allergy-free makes it special and worth the price if you have special dietary needs. 
The goods were pretty greasy (the box that I took everything home in had a super greasy bottom by the time I got home...), but I expected this of vegan desserts. All in all, definitely the best vegan desserts I've ever had.
Overall warning: don't refrigerate. Not sure if they go badly more quickly if you don't.. but after refrigerating, they all got flavorless and chewy?A vegan's dream, with so many flavors and goodies to choose from. There seem to be a lot of reviews on here of people who didn't care for their food, and I can see how vegan and GF desserts might not be everyone's cup of tea--but I enjoyed their treats.
I am rating this bakery 4 our of 5 stars because of the higher price range, and because of the cold/stand-offish counter service at the South Street location. I intend to go to the Bryn Mawr location sometime. I am also intrigued to see what their online ordering/shipping is like.So I went back for one of these magical cupcakes today and learned a new thing; their gluten free, dairy free, egg free, corn free, wheat free, peanut free, soy free, casein free treats are good for me. Oh man.So I have a major sweet tooth. With no dietary restrictions it was part curiosity and part desire to cut down on some serious sugar intake that made me come to sweet freedom. Could these treats taste nearly as good I wondered?
    Well the answer is no.. Baking is a total science and changing ingredients (ie substituting butter) totally changes the texture of the food. I bought a slice of banana chocolate bread and two cupcakes and have to say I was impressed with these dairy and gluten free treats. They were tasty, but the frosting on the cupcake had a gummy consistency to it and the bread had a similar texture. I hate to say it but they weren't nearly as yummy as their dairy counterparts.
   That being said if I had celiac disease or was lactose intolerant this place would be heaven!!!! I'd probably feel like a kid in a candy store- all these treats to choose from..
     I'm going to stick to my dairy treats- i totally believe milk, eggs, and butter in serious moderation is all good (remember the food pyramid) but that pesky sugar..if u do have dietary resrictions you have to try sweet freedom!!!!!!First off, let me say that I'm neither vegan nor gluten-free. I like to try vegan foods, though, because when there's a reasonable vegan option, I'll generally go for that. Unfortunately, places like Sweet Freedom are the reason people think vegan baking can't be good. 
I've baked and purchased some amazing vegan treats over the last few years - even vegan frosting. The cupcakes I got here were pretty terrible, though. The cake was dry, dense, and oddly gummy (perhaps because they were gluten-free). The frosting was grainy and had a weird sugar-alternative sort of taste. Agave, maybe?  It wasn't good.
As far as price is concerned, Sweet Freedom was pretty average. The employees were about average in terms of friendliness, and I did see some people leave because they couldn't buy bottled water on a credit card. I can't recall if it was a minimum purchase kind of thing, or a no credit cards at all thing, though. Either way, it's probably easier to bring cash or ask in advance. 
I won't be back to Sweet Freedom. If you're gluten-free or vegan, you might be okay with the cupcakes here. Or...you might be inspired to take up baking. It really depends on how high your baked good standards are.Good, but not great cupcake.  My favorite thing about the coconut lime cupcake was the frosting.  The cake was a little too dense for me, and it is a little pricey.  But it definitely tasted like one of the healthier cupcakes that I've ever eaten in my life.I went to Sweet Freedom because I've heard it was a delicious GF bakery near by, which is hard to come by! I walked in with high expectations, but was disappointed. Maybe it's because I don't need all the extra precautions (dairy free, soy free, transfat free, etc... all I'm looking for is gluten free). Anyway, the Turtle Cupcake left a lot to be desired. Tasted very bland, even for such a fancy and loaded cupcake. Makes me wonder what kind of ingredients they're using if almost everything needed to make chocolate, caramel, cakes, etc is off limits. 
The chocolate chip cookies....meh. Taffett's is 10x's better, in my opinion. And right down the street.
The brownie... don't get me started. 
Needless to say, I won't be back. Again, I am not looking for soy free, dairy free, or anything else. Just gluten free. So that could be a big factor. Maybe those who need all those restrictions think it prevails in comparison to other bakeries/products offering the same restrictions, but for this GF gal, it's a no-go.
The staff, however, was super nice. The bakery was very clean looking, also. And prices weren't too bad. Higher than a regular bakery, but not awful.I really like Sweet Freedom and I am neither Vegan or gluten intolerant, but I have been trying to be vegan/gluten free the majority of days in a week, so Sweet Freedom provides me with a guilt free spot to satisfy my sweet tooth.  The texture of the cake is a little off, but the icing tastes really good.  I've had a chocolate cupcake, the fauxstress, a blueberry cupcake, and a maple french toast type one.  They've all been really good.  I especially liked the blueberry.  They are pricey, but it's a special product.My husband bought me a small box with a variety of sweets from this bakery for my birthday. They honestly were not good (i took a bite of each and did not finish any), especially for the price.I came in today for a birthday cupcake. I was excited to order a salted caramel cupcake. The woman at the counter dropped it on the counter. I asked for one that had not been dropped on the counter and she obliged while rolling her eyes. I then saw her put the dropped cupcake back in the case. That just doesn't seem sanitary to me.Although I am not vegan, I have had plenty of vegan cupcakes before and have made my own.   These cupcakes were overpoweringly sweet, expensive (about 40 bucks for a dozen), and the woman working here was quite rude.  
When I came into the store she didn't bother greeting me or getting up from her seat a few feet behind the counter.  I told her I was ready to odrer...I picked out about 10 cupcakes and was considering what to get for the last few.  Not only did she not offer any suggestions, but she huffed and returned back to her seat behind the counter telling me to let her know when I was actually ready.  2 seconds later I told her I was ready again and she begrudgingly got up...I told her which ones I wanted and took a slight pause b/f telling her my last choice when she huffed again and told me again to let her know when I was actually ready.  "I'm ready!  I'm ready!" and I just picked any old cupcake because I really wanted to get out of there.   And 40 bucks later, I am never going back here again.I don't have enough words.  I don't have a gluten problem, but I still have a Sweet Freedom addiction!  
I just wish they baked more than just sweets.  I wish they made breads, pizzas, pretzels, etc.
There's not much room in the shop to sit-down and eat, so plan to pick something up and savor it at home or work.I'm free I'm free! I love chocolate cake without egg. Was treated to Sweet freedom for my birthday and will definitely be returning.Sweet Freedom, you are so SWEET!  
I've never actually visited this bakery, but I was surprised with a box full of Sweet Freedom cupcakes for my birthday last week.  And oh my goodness, what a lovely treat!  The cupcakes are so good... I loved the one that looked like a HOSTESS cupcake!  It's been 8 years since I ate a cupcake like that.  WOW, it tasted so good.  And I really enjoyed the chocolate and raspberry cupcake- yum.  I can't wait to visit and get these cinnamon buns that I've been hearing about!Sweet Freedom is a vegan bakery with branches in Center City, Bryn Mawr, and Collingswood, NJ.  I know the Center City one on South Street the best.  It is one of my reliable go-to places when I need deserts for my vegan friends and family members.  It is not cheap.  But it does offer a good variety of baked goods.  Not into vegan baking?  Try the banana doughnut - you just might like it!Sweet Freedom used to be my go to bakery when initially diagnosed and it was then that I thought ok, pastries just really aren't going to taste as good for me ever again I guess. Sweet freedom had a few ok items but overall the service was severely lacking and the treats were nothing to get excited about. When you taste some of the goods that come out of Sweet Christine's in Kennet Sq or the happy mixer in Chalfont, PA you understand that GF pastries can actually taste amazingly good which is why I don't understand why Sweet Freedom is so far behind the GF baking curve in good options. I live 10 mins from here and now drive to Haddonfield, NJ or 45 mins to Chalfont & stock up. Please Sweet Freedom, try these other bakeries and step your game up.  Also, last time I was in there the woman waiting on me had sores on her hands and after she waited on me, with a glove on, she went back to decorating a cake without the glove. yukI am writing this review in complete contrast to my previous experiences there...This is solely based on the blatantly rude customer service.
After reading previous reviews from others complaining about the bad customer service, I was shocked, because I never experienced such. Until I walked in when a certain lovely fair haired woman was working. I am guessing one of the owners, (Probably the one that previous complaints were about in other reviews.) was working.
I'm a regular customer  that doles out money on a weekly basis on this business. I came in, she was chatting it up with two non buying customers, (Who were blocking the cases so I could not view what they had that day.) they were just asking a million questions, not ordering anything. I had to peer around them.
 Managed to get a little view of what I wanted as they were literally leaning against the case side by side, stood at the counter with my money for a while.
NOT ONCE did this woman who was working even look up at me or acknowledge me more than just a few side glances, after I had been waiting patiently at the counter, money in my hand, for several minutes. Not even an "I'll be right with you."
Not only were the non buying customers that were present being rude, but the worker herself displayed the most shameful behavior towards a loyal regular at her business.Tried this bakery by ordering one of each item in the display case...okay, that is a minor exaggeration ...but only minor. We went specifically so that my Celiac daughter, home on Spring Break, could relax and point to anything in the store and enjoy it.
We went on a Tuesday at lunch-time and they still had plenty of variety.  I recognized the woman who waited on us as a co-owner, from the photo on the bakery's website.  She was friendly and efficient.
We ate thumbprint cookies, cupcakes, sandwich cookies, a brownie sample and a couple of slices of tomato pie.  All were delicious. We ate the tomato pie at room-temperature but it would have been better warmed.  
We washed everything down with herb tea.  I love herb tea but coffee would have also have been welcome here.  I still gave this place 5 stars because the food is luscious.jesus must love me a little because he led me to an apartment for rent *veryclose* to this bakery (unbeknownst to me).  fast forward almost two months: i finally make the move from (my beloved) nola and, while unpacking boxes, decide i need a snack. a quick yelp search and a few minutes later, i find myself walking into sweet freedom.  it was late in the day - about an hour from the closing time - so i wasn't expecting too many offerings.  to my surprise, the case was well-stocked with all kinds of goodies.  
since i had never been to this bakery, i asked the (very bubbly and personable) proprietress what she recommended for a first-time customer.  she pointed out the chocolate chip cookie sandwich (with chocolate frosting), which i purchased along with a bottled water for around 5 usd.
as it was uber hot outside, it was recommended that i not delay in consuming my snack lest the frosting melt.  OMG, it was freaking delicious. it was very sweet but since i eat dessert only once a week, i don't mind if i slip into a diabetic coma every now and again.  (and i'd gladly take an ambulance ride for a cookie sandwich from this bakery!)
the best thing: this place is not unhealthy!  all of their products are made sans-wheat, gluten, peanuts, eggs, refined sugar, and a whole bunch of other things i can't recall.  but you don't miss out on taste!
the worst thing: no savory items except tomato pie (which sells out quickly). the proprietress said she and her partner are working on perfecting their bread before selling it at the bakery.  if it's as good as their sweet offerings, i can't wait to try it.
nota bene: i brought an allergy-free friend here before he flew back to nola, and he absolutely loved the goodies he bought.Sweet Freedom Bakery deserves one star because the staff is very nice. That said, we don't put 'very nice' into our mouths like we do (though we may wish we didn't have to) their cakes. We ordered our daughters graduation cake from Sweet Freedom at a price that exceeds any cake I have bought (I have three daughters with lots of birthdays and graduations). When my husband went to pick it up on foot (city bakery, city clients, walking not driving) they handed him a box, told him to hurry home because it was hot, yet had no string and handle to assist in the process (which is considered normal bakery ware). Once it was time to celebrate with a delicious sweet, we were beyond disappointed. The cake, though it looked nice, was inedible, by dairy eaters and vegans alike. I will never purchase what "should be" delicious from Sweet Freedom Bakery again...and I advise you to follow suit.MMM SORGHUM.
Aw man I can't even snark.  Considering the limitations they put upon themselves, their wares are really good.I would never think to normally come here as I love all things Gluten and Animal based, but a friend with a Gluten allergy was coming for dinner so I figured I would get a few desserts.  
I had no idea what I was doing or what would be good so I just asked the girl behind the counter to pick a few things for me.  
She tossed a samoa cupcake, some sort of brownie, a cookie pie and added a piece of the carrot cake when she saw me staring longingly at it on the counter.  
All good choices.  Comparing them to 'regular' baked goods I didnt notice any lack of gluten or vegan'ality (trademarking that one).  They were all very tasty and seem reasonably priced.  The girl behind the counter as was very helpful - or maybe everything there is just good.Short review: yummy
Longer review: I had some time to kill while in Philly this past weekend, and I've never met a cupcake bakery I didn't like. First off, I'm always a fan of a place that looks out for those with dietary restrictions. As a vegetarian, I hate going somewhere knowing I can't always eat everything. I imagine for those with more strict dietary needs (gluetin free, ect) it's even more frustrating. So to enter this bakery and see the long list of allergies/dietary restrictions that this place caters to was such a plus in my book.
Second... everything looked amazing. Knowing I had a dinner date in a couple hours, I had to restrict myself to just ordering one cupcake. This is a small bakery, but fortunately it was a Friday afternoon so there was plenty of room for me to sit and enjoy my cupcake. The cupcake itself was very delicious... although the frosting was surprisingly sweeter than I prefer (I say surprising due to the fact that there was no refined sugar!). The cake part, however... yummmm. I could have just eaten a non-frosted cupcake (gasp!) and enjoyed myself greatly.
I wish I would have gotten a few things to take with me. I would have been a happy girl. Would definitely visit this place again!The brownie ($2.70) is probably unlike anything you've had before. It's small in size (smaller than a deck of cards). The first thing I noticed when I bit into it was the moistness -- it's very tender, the perfect consistency between "cake-like" and "fudge-like." The chips (carob, I think?) provided enough chocolate taste to satisfy my craving. This is definitely not a normal brownie in terms of taste, but it's very good nonetheless. The BEST part was that when I finished eating, I was satisfied (and the [coconut] oil stains on the parchment paper confirmed I had eaten something delicious), but did not feel weighed down or lethargic at all. Wonderful.The first thing I had from sweet freedom bakery was the cookies. My mom found out about this place and brought me one. It was good I was expecting it to taste weird because it was vegan. One day I went here myself. The cupcakes looked yummy but I decided to stick with my cookie. My mom surprised me again but this time she brought me a cupcake. It looked delectable so I couldn't wait to demolish it. I took one bite and I almost regurgitated. It was utterly disgusting I couldn't bare to eat another bite. I thought it was just me but my mom ate hers too and we had mutual feelings about it. Overall the bakery is okay but DO NOT get the cupcakes.terrible service! I got the coupon for this place at livingsoicial.com for my boy-friend and his 4 y.o. daughter. he came there with his little girl. he absolutely hated it. they made him really uncomfortable using that coupon. the lady at the counter was rude. she didnt even say "hi" to the child! what kind of bakery is that? is it supposed to be a sweet experience? 
in addition, the cupcakes are expensive and not that good... i can get better, less expensive cupcakes in my local coffe shop and a smiling person, serving me.My first experience with Sweet Freedom was funny.
 My friend purchased herself a treat and I kind of laughed at the fact that there was "Nothing in it." Actually, I've never been a fan of pastries.... Until now!
My friend had me try a bite and BOY WAS I WRONG. Sweet Freedom has none of the bad junk in their treats. All good,wholesome,delicious and healthy ingredients. Just because they are not made with the same junk ingredients as other pastries, and even vegan pastries, that does not mean that they aren't absolutely delicious.
Now I crave Sweet Freedom more than any other sweets! Like any pastry, there are going to be some that you find not so good, and others amazing. I'm not a fan of the cupcakes at all, not everything is for everyone. But I LOVE their cake balls,banana chocolate chip "cookies", magic bars,cookie sandwiches and donuts. Way better than Vegan Treats, they are not even in the same ballpark... which I find too sugary and gross anyway.
Even if you're apprehensive because of the lack of normal ingredients in thei pastries, GIVE THEM A SHOT! You won't regret it!I first visited Sweet Freedom two years ago by chance, seeing the sign and wandering in for a baked good in the middle of summer.
I asked the girl behind the counter what to try, and she pointed out 2 things that have changed my life: the samoa cupcake and the blueberry oat bar. The cupcake literally tastes exactly like a Girl's Scout cookie. It was a delicious! And the oat bar? Holy crap. Gooey, blueberry-y, and crumbly. Perfect texture and explosion of flavors.
The texture of other goods here (and taste) has been subpar in my opinion--much of the rest that I have tried actually begins to taste the same. And it's all a bit more gritty than I'd necessarily like. But the two all-stars mentioned above?
AMAZING.Chocolate donuts! Chocolate donuts! Chocolate donuts! Not sure what else to say. I've tried a few muffins, cookie, and some coffee(not bad). I still dream about those donuts.Sweet Freedom is a wonderful place to get a quick dessert nosh or order something for a party. Everything they do is great. Yet more evidence that you don't need any butter, eggs or cream to get dessert right. I love the concept that anyone can go there and not worry about what they are ordering. Very inclusive.
I've had a few things there and they all have been good. My favorite is the cookie sandwich with the frosting inside. That is a fulfilling and decadent treat.ZERO STARS. I ordered 6 vanilla and 6 chocolate for my birthday while visiting from DC. Having read the reviews I was hopeful. HOWEVER, the cake portion was like sawdust and the frosting so grainy I could not believe that ANYONE would have thought this place deserved a single star, much five. Those that rated them as five star must have no other source of nutrition. I pity those that believe these cupcakes to be "delicious" much less edible. Do some recon on bakeries like Sticky Fingers (who won Cupcake Wars as a vegan/GF entry) and others that aren't similar to licking sandpaper before patronizing or ordering. These cupcakes were SO BAD, we all had to dare each other to take a second bite. Not even a $100 offer to finish the other 6 cupcakes was taken.  AWFUL.I've been going here at least once a week for the last two to three months to get my baked good fix since I can't have dairy. The baked goods here are much better than your standard "vegan" that uses soy products and different vegetable oils. I get chest pains whenever I eat "Vegan" desserts vs what Sweet Freedom offers.  I highly recommend any chocolate cupcake, however, the German chocolate and Faustess (tastes just like a hostess cupcake) are my two favorite. The vanilla cupcakes are a little dry and the coconut flavor is much more distinct. I also get their chocolate chip cookies. This place has been my sweet tooth lifesaver!WOW!  This place is amazing!  My son has a bunch of food allergies and we have been searching for a cake safe for him to eat.  He was amazed at how good his vanilla cake with vanilla frosting was yesterday!  He isn't a fan of chocolate. but he tried a cupcake with chocolate frosting and LOVED it!  We bought a few treats and no one could believe they were free of dairy, soy, wheat, a lot of stuff!  Major two thumbs up!  We've been eating dairy free, soy free for my son's 9 years, in both PA and NY, and Sweet Freedom is by far the best we've had.  Also, the woman working was incredibly nice, informative and just a pleasure to deal with.I absolutely adore this place, and I probably go two to three times a week. It's a bit pricey, but it's well worth every penny. This place is living proof that you do not need gluten, sugar, dairy, etc to make a delicious dessert!Best vegan cupcakes and cakes!!
Not just for vegans but everyone. 
Delicious and satisfying. Pretty amazing they can do this without milk and eggs. 
I love Philly's vegan scene, and this is just one of the many cruelty free options!!The shop is straightforward and simple, and the cupcake I got was good, but I was signed up for their mailing list without my permission or knowledge. Next time I'm at the Kimmel Center, I will get a treat somewhere less likely to clutter my inbox.As someone who has a whole list of dietary restrictions (gluten-free, vegan, & soy-free, to name a few...), this place was just a God-send for me! I bought a box of some of their baked goods while visiting Philly and was not disappointed. Really wish there was one of these bakeries back home in Florida!This is a story about the little cupcake that could. 
--
Shall we examine the things I love? 
Eggs, dairy, wheat, soy and other items I once deemed necessary to bake a proper cupcake. But at Sweet Freedom, they don't employ the very pillars of baking. Instead, they salute veganism, gluten freeism, and being free of all sorts of other thingsisms, making their baked goods out of well, magic, I guess.
Was I expecting to actually like this simple, free-of-everything vanilla cupcake? Not exactly.
I exited their adorable shop thinking my quick bite would be followed by a chuck in the garbage, but instead, to my complete surprise, this was a freedom cupcake unlike any other. Before I knew it, one bite turned into a full blown affair, and as I crossed Broad Street, cars honked, babies cried, and mothers insisted I "get a room." But I just couldn't. I undressed my virginal cupcake, right there in the middle of the street, and scarfed it down with a serious tenacity. 
While I mostly scoff at food that promises to be tasty while adhering to some dietary restriction, I must say, the folks at freedom cupcake do it right.Been here three times so far and it's amazing.  The only thing that I did not like was the banana cookie (very dry).  Everything else was amazing.  I can't eat gluten, dairy, or soy, so I know what I am talking about.  Also, I appreciate the fact that they do not use refined sugar.  Honestly, I am trying not to eat any sugar, but this place is making that difficult.
Chocolate cake balls are amazing!
Cookie sandwich is great.
Wrote this review today, because I am thinking about making another stop tonight.This place is awesome to say the least, especially since it fills the niche for those who have special needs and those who are looking for alternative fare. A colleague and I noticed this place while walking down the street and had to check it out, especially since my friend has a gluten allergy. This place make her sing. The cookie sandwiches (forgive me, not sure of the technical term) were incredible, even for someone like me who can eat everything, so I'm not on any special diet. I also got a cream cheese pumpkin muffin...yummy! If you can make it for a special visit, special food needs or not, this place is great.I have travelled much over the last decade and this bakery is a diamond, Philadelphia is so lucky to have such a fantastic bakery, GF and still so delicious. Great people, location and nice atmosphere to sit and snack on "schnecken." I miss Sweet Freedom.I was in Jersey and had to fly out of Philly airport - realized I was within miles of Sweet Freedom.....it was magnetic. Drove right to it and was thrilled that it was open and filled with splendid goodies. Cupcake was AMAZING bought a Magic bar...that I ate on the way back to the airport and have some treats I will save for tommorrow. Dont miss it if you are within reach...easy to find and worth the visit.I've been to Sweet Freedom several times and found it very good, just short of excellent. I eat gluten-free, but not vegan, so I get that trying to make a dessert that is dairy free and caters to mutiple food allergies is no easy task.
While the chocolate chip cookies are a bit oily (I think I'll stick to my homemade ones) the warm chocolate chip banana bread is out of this world, the perfect treat for breakfast on Saturday morning.
Yes, they are expensive, but for a once in a while splurge it's totally worth it. Just tried Babycakes in New York City, and not only did I have a reaction (they use spelt flour on the premises) but they're banana bread was terrible.
I feel a little more comfortable knowing that Sweet Freedom is tasty AND is a dedicated facility. Thanks so much!!So when I used to work closer to Sweet Freedom I probably dropped way too much money here too often, but to be fair their treats are incredible AND they have tomato pie for 2 bucks that's tasty and not enormous  the way most pizza places serve it. You will definitely be paying a little more for your desserts, but if you're indulging every once in awhile then I'd rather spend it on a sweet from here than a crappy candy bar.I just heard about this place from Alicia Silverstone's website this morning - and decided to make this a lunch mission since I only work about 12 blocks from there.  I was not disappointed!!!  I don't know where the reviewers that gave them less than 3 stars were eating, but they must have caught them on an off day.  Now, I didn't sample everything in the store, but I got two of their cookie sandwiches and one of their fruit oatmeal bars - and WOW.  So good!!  I am vegan and also have a peanut allergy, and I can't tell you how nice it is to have a bakery like this within walking distance available to me on a regular basis.  Whole Foods has some good vegan stuff as well - but this is like going on vacation!  I highly recommend stopping out there and trying some of their items, you will not be disappointed. Yes, the cost is somewhat high, but when you consider the high quality of the ingredients to make the treats, it's warranted.  I don't mind dropping $10 once in a while on something healthy, animal friendly, and just plain delicious!I actually don't know where to begin. It was the absolute worse cake and service I have ever had. I am a strict and long time vegan and my usual go to bakery for cakes was booked for the holiday. I chose this bakery because I thought it was reasonable priced for a last minute order (I ordered about a week or so before Christmas!),  which was $150 for a double layer half sheet cake. I picked it up on Christmas eve for my Christmas party the next day. It was wrapped in plastic wrap like what most bakeries do however it didn't help this cake. I can not tell you how embarrassed I was to serve such a cake. It was rock hard!  Furthermore,  I ordered  a lemon  cake with raspberry filling and all you could taste was frosting.  The cake base tasted like dirt. Literally measly with no flavor.. Not a lemon flavor in sight. It was the absolute worst cake I have ever had. I called the next day and received no help. I was only able to get the owner's name and email. Smdh  I sent her email detailing my issues and she never responded. I have called several times since then and no one has addressed my issue.  I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PLACE!!!!!!!!  I was able to speak with the acting manager of the South Philly store and he apologized and said that cakes can become very hard due to the alternative flours and methods they use. But never returned my call after he were to refer to the owner. I have video of my holiday party and I also plan to report the to the BBB. If you're looking for great vegan cakes try Crust bakery or the bakery Govinda's uses because freedom bakery is horrible.First, let me start by saying that I am neither gluten free or vegan. However , I don't mind trying gf/df baked goods bc my friend is gf/df and we try places all the time when we're together. As a matter of fact she is the one that wanted me to stop and try this while visiting Philly. Needless to say I had to text her a bad report. I must say out of all the gf/df bakeries I have tried Sweet Freedom was the worse and I have had some good gf/df baked goods before. To me gf/df is just a healthier version of the regular sugary goods we all love. Yes the texture and taste differ some but it shouldn't be completely altered. I got the chocolate cupcake and chocolate chip cookie. Both were awful and gritty tasting. The chocolate cupcake had a very awkward taste and the frosting was a little stiff not very smooth and creamy.Delicious treats, very friendly service, adorable interior, and with the cost of ingredients in mind, the prices are on point.Delicious vegan donut! Beautiful little shop with a very talkative, nice man working there.Sweet Freedom Bakery is amazing. Their goodies are delicious, vegan-friendly, moist and amazing. We had a sampling of everything catered for our wedding. Compliments from all of our guests on our delicious desserts too!
Jen was incredible to deal with. She was always prompt in her communication, and patient and understanding with all of our questions. They have delicious cupcakes, brownies, and other tasty treats, baked day off. She also offered custom colored frosting to match our wedding decor which looked amazing. 
We had our wedding in Cape May, and she was really understanding and reassuring in assisting us to ship the desserts to our wedding venue. We wish every vendor was like her.I pop in here sometimes to treat myself to a cookie sandwich and, generally, the staff has been professional. This afternoon, however, I stopped in and asked for a cookie sandwich. After I asked for a cookie sandwich combo that wasn't already made (there were only two options in the display), the person working the counter rudely asked if I wanted her to make it. I've been in here plenty of times when staff volunteered to make a cookie sandwich combo that wasn't already made, so I think this is something they normally do. I said yes. She took my money, then walked to the back. When she returned, she made the sandwich with her bare hands. I was a little distracted and needed to get home, so I didn't think too much about it at the time. I thought that maybe she washed her hands in the back. On my way home though, I started thinking about it and really don't think she had time to wash her hands. In hindsight, I should have said something at the time, but I needed to get home and there was someone trying to pick up an order. Cannot eat the sandwich! Who knows what else she touched before the cookies - at a minimum, the cash I paid for the cookie sandwich. After the attitude and cleanliness concern, I won't be back here.still riding the high of the gooey deliciousness of a warm brownie.  even omnivores without food allergies/intolerances will be satisfied with these sweeties!Completely allergen free bakery. Their breads are good and nice to have close by! Be sure to sign up for their birthday club!this place is still awesome. I felt compelled to write an update since I've seen so many recent negative reviews that start out with "i'm not [gluten free/vegan/allergic to eggs/etc]." I wish people who don't have food allergies or preferences wouldn't leave such low reviews because it makes no sense to fault a bakery that makes really great products (with very few ingredients) for not creating products that taste like they're made with all the stuff that's off limits in this bakery. 
tldr: don't be deterred by the low average rating if you're a person who suffers from food allergies or restrictions. sweet freedom is a gem in this city for those who desire bakery products that are safe for a variety of conditions!Went today for the first time. Delicious! I have many food allergies and I can eat EVERYTHING in the store. The girl behind the counter was very knowledgeable and quote friendly. Can't wait to come back to PA for more treats!There are two camps when it comes to vegan baked goods. There is the "we are vegan but I can use all the fat, sugar, and artificial flavoring I want as long as it's vegan" camp and the "let's make it taste good but not at the expense of health" . This place does a great job of being healthy while still being very tasty. I give it 5 stars because the culinary restrictions they have out on themselves are rather extreme (gluten, soy, dairy, corn, peanut, and wheat free) and they are doing the best in the area. 
pS Read the reviews of the people that did not like this place and you will find complaints like " why did the lady frosting cupcakes (working) not ring me up".visited Philly for the day and was SO happy there was a bakery that could accommodate my sweet tooth (recently started gluten free diet for health purposes) I had their oatmeal raisin cookie and brownie, both were delicious !I absolutely love this bakery!! Their s'mores cupcake has got to be my favorite. The only thing I would say is bad is there isn't much of a selection-- but what they do have is amazing!!I can see what everyone is saying about the dryness and density of the stuff made here, but in the end it tastes good and it is so freaking nice to walk into a place and not have to read a label or wonder about the ingredients.  It's a dream.
I think a lot of the negative reviews are coming from people that are either only vegan or only gluten free- and they are comparing the treats to items that are either only vegan or only gluten free...not both.  Sweet Freedom items are both.
I kinda think that, yeah, it is true that the stuff could be made better and maybe it is time for the bakers to consider bettering their process, but at the same time I am not pissed about it.  I am actually happy to have this safe haven.
I mean it is a bunch of flavored sweetness and fatness put together in a certain shape with certain decoration.  Say "yum" people!Thank you so much for introducing me to oogave!!!  One of the best things I have tasted in a while, the rootbeer was clean, light, and a great sub for the real thing.  I had the cookie sandwich, carrot cake cupcake and a delicious apple coobler tasting item-superb.  I am glad I have found you!Love everything that comes out of this place!! Plus, the staff is super sweet :) Katie made us cupcakes for our gender reveal, and they were amazing!Like several others reviewing this bakery, I don't have any (known to me) food allergies, though I do have a sensitive stomach and have moderate acid reflux and ibs.  Basically, I can eat anything I like, but I'm likely to feel ill and uncomfortable with a lot of my favorite desserts, especially anything with a lot of saturated fats (which is all of them!). 
Enter Sweet Freedom:  I have tried quite a few different treats from them, and they have never made me feel ill.  On top of that, they are DELICIOUS and SATISFYING, my two top treat requirements...I'm partial to their cupcakes, though I hesitate to type that as I want there to be enough for me and not sold out of my favorite varieties!  Which seem to change regularly keeping it interesting.  
Some other reviewers have brought up the issue of their prices, which are a little on the high side, but I will say are not prohibitive--you are getting something extremely delicious and even a bit good for you.  If you are like me and like going on the occasional treat binge but are tired of the after effects, this is your place--please just leave me a cupcake or two!
Addendum: The shop itself is very pretty, the staff are super friendly and wonderful, very helpful with questions about their baked goods.  It's very clean and smells great--the entire SF experience, from the moment you walk in to finishing your last bite to feeling great long after your last bite, is a true pleasure--hope they keep up the great work!my sister always tells me when I make raw desserts for the holidays that my chocolate icing will never taste like chocolate icing. and she makes an excellent point. but is it chocolaty and delicious? yes. 
I think what I'm trying to point out to some of the critics here is with out the dairy, sugar, and flour you may not be able to compare the cupcakes to the cupcake king. Being someone that avoids dairy and is gluten free you have no idea how much I appreciate a bakery that is vegan, gluten free, no refined sugars etc etc also etc because soy free AND corn free!!! jeez jeez jeez louise even the Trader Joe's gluten free chocolate cake has a ton of butter and sugar.  Where else can you find that in the vicinity of the city? Please tell me!
I did try the cupcakes. They are a little dryer than the average cake but I enjoyed it thoroughly. The cookies with the icing in the middle HOLY SHIT my mind is blown. One other thing I have to point out-the banana chocolate chip loaf is to die for. I haven't eaten banana choc chip since I was a kid and hot damn I really missed it. Thanks Sweet Freedom for bringing me back!I first heard of Sweet Freedom back before my food allergies became apparent, and was excited to try vegan baked goods.  Now that I'm allergic to wheat and soy, most vegan bakeries are no longer safe for me, but Sweet Freedom offers an unparalleled selection of absolutely delightful desserts.  When I went in they were focused on cupcakes and cookies, and everything on display was beautifully made.  Since I also have to avoid chocolate, I got a pumpkin pie cupcake.  The texture was perfect, moist but not wet, very slightly on the gooey side but not unpleasantly so, and the frosting was an absolute delight.  
The only issue I had is that the only beverage available is coffee, though I will say this is mostly a place to get treats to take home with you.Love love love this place! Delicious treats, friendly staff, and so awesome it's all vegan and gluten free!Okay. Take this one with a grain of salt: people who eat here eat here because they can't eat at other places. Of course, a gluten free vegan brownie is not going to taste and feel like a regular, traditional brownie. I'm past that point and understand expectations.
When you look at the list of allergens they omit in the recipies, it's kind of amazing. I've been in various states of dietary restrictions over the years, and most every time I could eat here because they cut out so much.
Some of the products are better than others - I'm not a fan of the muffins, their birthday cakes tend to be grainy and on the dry side - but some, like the brownies and the bars and the cake pop things, are really tasty.
Service-wise, they tend to run out of certain things quickly, and depending on who's behind the counter it's hard to even call ahead and ask if what you want is there. They do take orders.
They're not my favorite gluten free bakery, but they are the one I have to ask the fewest questions about. That alone is worth a visit if you're in the "I can't eat this" club.Been here three times and the staff was pleasant, with a small but lovely selection in this cute little shop.
I'm a sugarholic. A carb craving lunatic! But 6 months ago I gave up sugar, dairy, wheat, soy, most grains...after a 30 detox I watched my intake of only veggies, proteins, and very little else. Lost 31 pounds, felt so energetic I began walking miles a day and working out, doing Yoga. My health improved dramatically as did my body. 
This bakery does not compare in yumminess to the bad crap kind I can never go near again. True, but I have to say it. But it does satisfy a rare and very occasional sweet tooth, and some items taste pretty darn good. I would rather sacrifice the yumminess to have the body and great energy I now have. So I recommend this place to anyone who cares about what they put into their body, who has learned about nutrition and knows how horrible most garbage Americans love to eat really is! It serves a great niche in our diet for the rare treat. And the cookies are darn good!I'm not vegan or gluten free, but decided to give this place a try after deciding it was too cold out for ice cream. My girlfriend said that it was really good and I decide to give it a try. 
I had a salted caramel cupcake and it was amazing. I would have never guessed this was gluten and vegan free. It had a deep flavor profile and it was hard for me to not get another one. 
My girlfriend opted for a large chocolate chip cookie. Again, it was delicious. 
I will definitely be coming back.Although it may be tasty, too few choices the day I went and tiny portions for the price. I passVisited this lovely establishment the other day and was thrilled! The staff was friendly and helpful, taking the time to explain the different sweets. Everything we tried was scrumptious, especially the cookie sandwich :) I'll absolutely order all my special event treats from Sweet Treats in the future.there's only one negative (and i use that term loosely) that i can find regarding sweet freedom bakery: i want to go there all the time--and it's really hard NOT to do that. the baked goods are all vegan and gluten free, and most importantly, seriously delicious. the owners are nice, the shop is cute, and the treats speak for themselves--yum. (oatmeal cookie sandwiches are divine, by the way.)
i'm so happy this place exists.I love baked goods.  I really do.  Baked desserts are my favorite food.  I'm also a long time vegan.  Everything should add up here.  I wanted to like this place and I gave Sweet Freedom two square chances and was brutally disappointed.
Upon first visit, the first thing I noticed was the presentation of the baked goods.  Everything looks like I could have made it in my own home.  It lacks the polish I expect from a retail bakery, especially at the prices they're charging.  I decided to take the plunge anyway and purchased a chocolate chip cookie sandwich with chocolate frosting in the middle.  The cookies were soft and it tasted good, but again- nothing mind blowing and nothing I couldn't have made myself.
I decided to visit again and give them another chance.  I spent $1 on a macaroon.  It was quite small, but that's secondary to flavor.  Let me be very frank, it just tasted like a handful of shredded coconut from a bag in the bakery aisle at a Shop Rite.  It was only a dollar, but I was furious that anyone would try to pass that off as an acceptable product for retail sale.
There's no reason that a retail bakery can't spend a few extra moments preparing a visually attractive product.  It makes the entire operation come off as amateurish.  Sadly it didn't end there, because the recipes and flavors were truly bush league.  If a friend baked this stuff for my birthday, I'd be supremely appreciative.  But when I'm paying my hard earned money for it (especially at these prices), I expect quite a bit more.
People with specialized diets take note:  regardless of your particular restrictions, you can buy, make and get great tasting food.  It just requires creativity and inspiration.  Unfortunately, Sweet Freedom offers neither.  Don't let anyone pass off a sub-standard product just because it's made with or without some particular or obscure ingredients.  You deserve cake, but at Sweet Freedom, you settle for crumbs.This bakery is amazing. I don't have to worry about any dietary restrictions or food allergies, which is a first. Everything is delicious. I have plenty of non-vegan, non-gluten free friends who love the stuff from here. This isn't just food that's good if you're a vegan, this is just good food. The prices aren't bad at all, it's what you would pay at any bakery. They always have a wide selection of things to try from every day. I would recommend this to everyone.I can totally understand why vegans and others with dietary restrictions would go nuts over this place! It's nice to really not have to worry about what you're ordering and they have all the ingredients listed next to each items.
For me it was ok. Honestly, we thought it was closed when we walked by at first because it looked so dark on the inside. The girl who was working really didn't greet us at all when we came in (unless you count standing at the counter and looking at us as a greeting...). I ordered the Samoa cupcake. For a cupcake with no refined sugar it was almost too sweet for me. The icing was good, the cake was really good, but there was this layer/filling that put it in the "in the almost too sweet" category for me. 
Also, would be nice for to-go cupcakes to have a small box instead of a bag. I lost some of my icing in the bag on the way home. :(
Good to know the place is around though! And definitely somewhere I'll remember for friends with dietary restrictions.Well Sweet Freedom is trying to make healthy sweet treats, cheers to that! We need more Sweet Freedoms in the world! 
Me and my coworker split an oatmeal cookie cream sandwich and a Samoa muffin. The cookie was perfect, as we both concurred, it wasn't soft like expected but after a second bite we were won over. There was, a delay, that's normal with healthy snacks. The Samoa muffin was superb, but I could taste, the healthy. It was good though, it was just on the bran muffin side. But hey, I've had tasty bran muffins. Again this was still wonderful. I don't mind paying a bit more to eat healthy, and guess what, I didn't feel sick, I felt wonderful after an hour or so. Usually, with sweets it's the opposite. So this was worth it. 
What wasn't up to par, was the service and consistency. I also tried to enjoy a chocolate chip cookie sandwich, that was placed in the display. I asked the employee if it was old, and she said no. She offered to make a fresh sandwich but the other chocolate chip cookies were half the size. I asked why, she said, "different bakers". I said, "well if it's not old, I'll take the one in the display". It was very old. The cream was very solid when breaking apart the cookie and everything tasted like bark. It's not a big deal. But I would like to see more healthy sweet eateries survive, and it seems like they need to focus on consistency and freshness.Ok I researched this place before visiting Philly on a quick two day trip. AND THEN I saw it on Foodology on cooking channel. And they showed how they made their cinnamon rolls. And I don't quite REMEMBER the last time I had a successful cinnamon roll so I had to try one. I sat there with my last two bites of it and pouted, trying not to cry that it was almost gone. It was the most amazing cinnamon roll, with gluten or without, that I've ever eaten. 
My gluten-eating friend had an apple crumble muffin something or other that just seemed way too healthy for me! But I had a taste and it was the moistest GF muffin ever. Delicious. 
I also snagged a chocolate chip sandwich cookie with vanilla filling that was so incredibly rich I still haven't finished it. But it's delicious. If you are GF or vegan or just don't like to take in too much unrefined sugar, please go here. And if you visit Boston shortly after that, please bring me some.The cookie sandwiches are divine!
Wow.  Chocolate mint cookie with chocolate frosting between?  Yes please.
I can only go here sparingly because I would eat all the cupcakes all the time.  
Only 4 stars since I have only had different varieties of the cookie sandwiches, and sometimes the cookies are a smidge bit greasy for my preference.So glad we found this place!  Went to Villanova today for family graduation.  Findmeglutenfree directed us here.  Great selection and is gluten AND dairy free - just what we needed!  Loved the cookie sandwiches and the magic bar.  Soup was sooo yummy!  Employees very friendly and helpful.  Wish we had one of these back in the burgh!WHAT DO WE WANT?
A bakery that's vegan, gluten-free, and low in refined sugar!!
WHEN DO WE WANT IT?
After every other option for anything remotely dessert-like has been demolished for some reason!! That bakery sounds like it would be awful!!
This was my mindset for the longest time. For someone who does not have eating restrictions or any semblance of health consciousness, any other bakery option seemed preferable. Then Sweet Freedom changed my life. The cookie sandwiches here are so, so good. Like boy band of five Justin Timberlakes good. Sweet, creamy, moist, and firm all at once - qualities I once only thought possible of creations containing animal product. And since they are presumably healthier, you can gladly have two for the guilt of one!! (but the price of three...they come at $4.50 a piece, yikes.)Delicious baked goods... and vegan too?! How can this be?
Sweet freedom masters the gluten-free, vegan baked goods department. Their cupcakes and fruit oat crumble bars are out of this world. You wouldn't even know they were vegan in the first place! The place is very cute with limited seating but from what we've seen, a lot of people are in and out. I enjoy the fruit oat (fruit varies depending on season) crumble bar the most. They offer shipping outside PA so I might take advantage of that if I can't make it to Philly and have a huge sweet tooth! 
Try their crumble bars. You won't be sorry - even if you're Vegan or not!So I have been dying to try this place out and finally made it in today. They have a credit card limit of $10 and I didn't have cash...fine...no biggy I'll get  a lil sample of things. I got the tomato pie: totally soggy crust...not so great, I've def had better.   A Banana cupcake with Maple Frosting: I agree with everyone else's reviews, it tasted like cardboard and was really dry.
The sandwich cookie was good and the filling was nice because it wasn't too dense and didn't overpower the cookie.  These things came to a total of $9 and they would not let me charge it! Really guys?? I was one dollar off! (So I got a cookie and it was ok.) For a vegan, I've had better, for it being gluten free, it was ok, but not convincing. And they really need to relax on their credit card policy or just not use credit cards at all.Remember when my boyfriend wanted a sweet treat and instead he got a raw, undercooked, overly sweet, dense, unpalatable cinnamon roll? Oh yes, that was at Sweet Freedom Bakery. After noticing that this cinnamon roll was inedible, he tried to notify the employees and their reply to him was "It's supposed to be gooey on the inside" (while he demonstrated to them that the middle was filled with raw dough). 
Additionally, the other baked goods also looked awful. Their chocolate chip cookies looked like toast...
As an avid baker and connoisseur of baked goods, I'm gonna go ahead and say this was the worst vegan bakery I've been to in the United States. Please save yourself the stomach ache and head over to Grindcore house where you can get better vegan treats by local bakers. You are welcome.Yes, my wallet cried a little when I saw their steep prices. But I tried to reason with myself: surely, it must be expensive to obtain ingredients that are vegan (dairy-free, casein-free, egg-free), gluten free, corn free, and nut free...am I missing anything else? Basically if you're allergic to everything,  you would still be able to consume something here and come out alive. 
Still, I could only bring myself to buy one item. I glanced at their cookie sandwich with vanilla frosting and I knew I had to take that baby home. Was it worth my $4? Do we need air to breathe? food to survive? Is David Beckham hot? (All of those questions were rhetorical) OBVIOUSLY, it's a big, fat, resounding Y-E-S.
Before I tried that cookie sandwich, I'm not gonna lie-I was skeptical. It was in a glass refrigerated unit and we all know what happens when we try to refrigerate a cookie. Or maybe only me. It sucks up the moisture from the cookie and it becomes one dry, brittle mess. When I took my first bite out of that cookie sandwich, my mind was blown. The cookie is so soft; it melts in your mouth. The frosting is thick and not too sugary, not buttercream (which I hate). My brain refused to register that I was eating something healthy. It was soooo good. If I could change my diet to eating only vegan baked goods, I would.
As much as my wallet may fight me, I will be back. Can't wait to try their cupcakes since they were featured on Food Network's Cupcake Wars, I'm sure the only thing that will disappoint is the price tag.We were so excited to come here and left disappointed. The menu is very weak, most options weren't available and the flavors were below par. I would not come back here.So I'm GF and received these rock cakes (not cupcakes b/c they were literally hard as a rock) and very dense and sugary.... lets just say I would have preferred the Udi's frozen muffin microwaved.
I give it props for trying + for being super cute inside but thats about it.As someone who is gluten free due to Celiac, I've tried lots of gluten free desserts. So when I stumbled upon Sweet Freedom, I was so excited to try everything! Big mistake! I've never had such bad gluten free products: the cupcakes are dry and crumble in your hand, even when you get them at 8am, the cake balls don't taste like real food. Whenever I eat here, I;m sick for the rest of the day in the bathroom. There are plenty more gluten free desserts available in the Philly area. 
Their two redeeming factors are their donuts and their icing (as long as you scrape it off the cupcake).Admittedly I feel a bit guilty about this two star review. Let me preface by saying that I am not a vegan and thankfully not gluten intolerant, dairy intolerant, soy intolerant, peanut allergic, refined sugar intolerant, intolerant of my neighbors, etc. etc. I stopped by to get some baked goods for a couple of friends who have some of these issues (I think one of them is OK with their neighbors, though). While they were boxing up my orders at Sweet Freedom I noticed they had some samples out on the counter. First I tried what I thought was a piece of an oatmeal chocolate chip cookie. Wrong! It was a piece of a chocolate chip cookie. To me, it was kind of grainy tasting, but I supposed if this was the only baked good I could eat or if I was stranded on a desert island this would suffice. I also tried a small piece of what looked like a peanut butter chocolate bar. I was honestly afraid to ask what it really was. Oddly enough, it tasted identical to the chocolate chip/oatmeal cookie thing I just ate. Maybe this is to P.C. for me and I need the real deal? That being said, my gluten intolerant friends seem to like the stuff we bring them from Sweet Freedom and I am sure I will be coming back in the future.This is my go-to location when getting treats for my friends who are either gluten-free or vegans. 
The baked goods are tasty although the do taste different because of the lack of dairy or eggs. 
It's products are also pricy so I get them only for friends' special occasion.Honestly it's a little flavorless. I suppose if you are vegan, gluten free, and trying to avoid sugar it's the only option but the flavor was really lacking without sugar. I bought a few cupcakes because I can't eat gluten, and didn't finish one of them.
I would say just make your own and leave out the ingredients that you don't want.Newly vegan with a mean sweet tooth, I am so glad sweet freedom came to be! A lil pricey, but everything vegan seems to be. The cookie sandwich chocolate chip with chocolate frosting is heaven!This bakery store is vegan, dairy-free, soy-free, gluten-free, corn-free, peanut-free, refined sugar-free and all this is stated on their window and website. I was extremely curious about this, since all the vegan desserts I've had had soy in them. I do like what this business is all about and I do respect them for that. 
But unfortunately I didn't like the cupcakes here. 
I had the Chocolate Cupcake ($3.50 each) which according to them it's made with the following; Cocoa powder, coconut sugar, coconut oil, agave, sorghum flour, potato starch, brown rice flour, coconut milk, arrowroot, vanilla extract, apple cider vinegar, baking soda, cream of tartar, sea salt, xanthan gum.  I just took two bites of it and did not finish it. That's how much I disliked it. 
One thing that was okay; heart shaped chocolate doughnut.  
Maybe I'll come back to try something else.heads up, i'm a gluten-eater, so this skews my review a bit, since i have way more options than a non-gluten eater.
i went here back in february because i had a groupon so i figured why not?  so here's a breakdown of each item i tried and how i felt about them.
-chocolate cupcake with chocolate frosting: a combination of beany, chemically, and fruity all combined together. the fruity reminded me of taza chocolate, so that was good... except for the chemical bean flavor. :-/ mr. carrot took a bite and immediately drank water straight from the pitcher, he couldn't wait to pour a glass. i will definitely not get that again. it was wrong, very wrong. (but it wasn't gagworthy for me. i finished it up, if that means anything.)
-chocolate chip cookie sandwich with vanilla frosting: the cookie hardly tasted gluten free at all! it was crispy and full of delicious chips. the frosting by itself had that faint chemically/fruity flavor, but the cookie did a good job of covering that up.
-mint chocolate cookie sandwich with vanilla (i think) frosting: this too was really good. the cookie was vaguely beany, but the mint did a good job of covering that up. it was not as crispy as the chocolate chip cookie.
-magic bar: this was also really good. it's a coconutty bar with a layer of solid chocolate on top. simple ingredients, flavors were great.
the place itself smelled overpoweringly of chemicals. i could not place my finger on it. it was a breath of fresh air to step outside. (literally)
next time i go in (since i still have an old expired groupon which is redeemable for the purchase price that i've already shelled out) i'm going to try the brownie (against my better judgement i think, when i look at the ingredients list. i think it's the sorghum flour that might be poking me in the wrong tastebuds), and i'll stick to the cookies which are non-sandwichified.I love this place. Everything is delicious and affordable, and at least makes me believe it's healthy. I'm a sucker for their cookie sandwiches. Their tomato pie is also awesome. Can't imagine why anyone, regardless of dietary needs or preferences, wouldn't love this place.newly vegan/vegetarian. I loved the chocolate donut!!! but the  filled cupcake not so much.yummy delicious gluten free treats! I've been here 3 times and was never disappointed. pretty good quality and safe for those with severe gluten allergies =)I definitely appreciate having a place like this in the neighborhood! it is completely allergy free and comes in handy when I have friends with kids who have allergies visiting. I recently stopped eating dairy and got a few cupcakes for myself! They were denser than normal cupcakes, but I think with the ingredients, that can be expected. Still a sweet treat and worth checking out!Awesome bakery. I thought it was ridiculous that they were "free everything". Once I tried it I almost had a dessert conipition. Blueberry crumble and cupcakes are awesome. I really haven't tried anything there that I don't love. My sister has a really bad peanut allergy (to the point that transferring the oil from a peanut to her from you will swell her up) and this is one of the only bakeries we've been able to find that she can eat from. Worth every penny - Definitely a must stop when visiting Philly and South street.Cute little bakery. It makes me feel better about myself eating dessert because of all the "-free"s. So there is that. My husband and I got a few different things: cookie sandwich, samoa cupcake, cookie, and something else I can't remember. But all of it was really yummy and I would definitely go again next time I'm in town.I had heard about Sweet Freedom for months, and I finally got my A$$ over there.  Wow.  I am so happy, and lucky, to live near a 100% gluten-free bakery.  While the price is higher than your typical bakery, you pay for what you get...freshly-baked goods, no refined sugars, all natural, all awesomeness (I saw a complaint on Yelp recently about price, and this person was NOT GF. Here is what I have to say...if you're not gluten-free and you don't have to eat here, congrats - you can eat cheaper foods with ingredients that are cheaper because they're more readily available.  Don't complain about price when you have other options and simply don't get it nor do you need to eat it.  There...I said it...you know who you are. :)
Their products are all vegan (dairy-free, casein-free, egg-free) as well as GF.  Amazing stuff.  
Sweet Freedom's tomato pie - once it hits your lips it's so good.  It has been years since I could have tomato pie, or a marinara slice which I would call it in Long Island (with thin crust).  The sauce was sweet and thick, like tomato paste.  I have another slice waiting for me, but it might not make it past tonight because I cannot resist it for much longer.
I bought a cookie sandwich, too, which I sampled while there.  The cookies are chocolate chip, with chocolate frosting in between.  It melted in my mouth.  I cannot wait to devour it.Stumbled upon this little gem while strolling down South street. Very impressive space, with big bright windows that light up the bakery well. Nice selection of items that all looked fresh. They had a complimentary plate of samples which were delicious! I think they were mint chocolate chip cookie sandwiches. We purchased an assortment of treats including a chocolate glazed donut, a vanilla and chocolate chip cupcake, and a faux hostess chocolate cupcake. They were all really good and tasted fresh. They even had a savory item or two, I noticed a tomato pie on my way out. I will definitely be back to Sweet Freedom, especially when catering to guests with allergies.I had a living social coupon for Sweet Freedom. I ordered a chocolate chip cookie cake, chocolate chip cookie vanilla sandwich, and cinnamon buns for an event. Everything was delicious - you'd never know that these items are gluten and refined sugar free. This appeals to those who do and do not eat gluten.Being that this stuff is all junk free, it's awesome. I have a sensitive stomach and it was wonderful to walk in and have my choice of whatever I wanted. Usually all the sweets/bready stuff make me sick. 
I got the chocolate frosted doughnut (day old, half off), a chocolate chip cookie, and a brownie. 
-The cookie was not good so toss that idea. Texture was weird as well as lacking flavor
-The brownie is decent
-The doughnut was awesome! I didn't try the fresh ones bc I didn't see them over by the register so not sure if these are more moist next day.I stumbled across this bakery completely by chance while heading out for brunch on a visit. As a celiac who was travelling with a non-dairy friend, it called to us immediately. While we did grab brunch first, we immediately headed back to browse the offerings. 
They had a fauxtess cupcake which drew my eye immediately.  Lots of cakes, cupcakes, donuts, other baked goods. I bought a couple as well as a mix for chocolate chip cookies and a loaf of challah with raisins. 
As a celiac, I have no complaints about the quality of the food. I'm used to some of the chalkier, drier textures due to baking alternatives. Considering these were not only gluten free (in a dedicated GF prep space!!) but soy, dairy, etc.I was not at all disappointed. Quality was impressive to me. 
I will say that payment can be a bit annoying if you're not prepared. Debit has a minimum of $10. While there is an atm literally right behind you as you stand at the register,  you'll probably get a small surcharge to use it. Come prepared with cash!I'm not too sure about this place. 
 My friend and I walked about a mile just to try this cupcake store and we were VERY disappointed. 
 I admit, I am a fan of butter in my cupcakes but I'm always willing to keep an open mind and try new things. The cupcake I had was so dry and sweet, I threw it out. Yes, I threw out a cupcake that was 4.25 because I didn't think it was worth getting sick over.
 Overall Sweet Freedom Bakery was overpriced, their cupcakes were too sweet and dry. Definitely try cupcakes else where.I have heard so many good reviews about Sweet Freedom Bakery I knew next time I was anywhere near South Street to check them out.  I am not Vegan, Im not allergic to  gluten,  none of the reasons to be in Sweet Freedom Bakery pertain to me.  I got a Salted Caramel cupcake, Strawberries and Cream Cupcake and Fauxstess Cupcake for my hubby who is a Hostess junkie... and a delicious tea with coconut milk to go... I didn't expect healthy and good for you to taste sooooo goooood! That Salted Caramel Cupcake is going to be bringing me to South Street a lot more... Great work Sweet Freedom... delish!!!!Perhaps I went on an off day, but the cupcakes and bars were rock hard and nasty.  I've never had such a bad cupcake.  The customer service was extremely lacking.  I understand that the shtick is to be disaffected, but still...If you're looking for awesome allergen-free treats, Sweet Freedom Bakery is the place to go.  If you're looking for variety and excellent service, their Philadelphia location is not for you.
I've been to this location twice now.  The first time I had a delicious brownie and a red velvet cupcake.  The second time I had a disappointing coffee and left empty-handed in terms of baked goods.  
Let me explain about the most recent experience: When we arrived, their display case was sparse and with little variety.  We were told that everything they had was on display.  (For comparison, last week at their Bryn Mawr location we were offered samples of soup, the cases were almost full even though it was three hours before closing, and we were told they could make cookie sandwiches out of any type of cookie; even ones not on display.)
Disappointed with the offerings at the South Street location, we ordered drip coffees while we considered if we wanted to choose from the few treats available...  To our further dismay, the creamer container we were given was almost empty (barely a tablespoon of creamer for each me and my boyfriend) and the coffee was almost empty as well so that my cup was only 2/3 full.  
The woman behind the counter seemed timid and helpless when we let her know that the coffee was empty.  To her credit, she did offer to make another pot that would take a while to brew, but she offered it so reluctantly and meekly that we felt as if we were somehow imposing on her.
We were disappointed and confused with the lack of options and the interactions with the staff, so we went elsewhere for gluten free and vegan treats.
I'll grace this location with three stars, but only because of the quality of food from my first visit.  If it weren't for that, I would only give it two stars.
For excellent food, service, and variety, hit up their Bryn Mawr location instead.Gluten free didn't notice. The treats were yummy and fruity and fresh. It helped the staff was cute and friendly, too.about a week ago i decided that my sorry vegan self would have to seriously cut back on the wheat eating for health reasons. namely, wheat makes me feel like shit. i said goodbye to the idea of convenient baked goods. then suddenly, here comes a vegan, everything-allergenic-free bakery out of nowhere, and like seven blocks from my house. this is obviously good news, so i went by today to check it out.
first of all, the owners are friendly and nice and definitely open to feedback and suggestions. the space is cute but not really comfortable-- no tables, just a window seat and then a long narrow counter bar on one wall with stools. i suggested they get some small tables in there to encourage hanging out.
as for the goods, i got a cookie/frosting sandwich, a brownie and a magic bar. the cookie sandwich was my favorite of the three. the frosting was grainier than typical frostings but was very rich and chocolately. the cookie had crunchy edges and a soft middle and tasted like a typical good chocolate chip cookie. the magic bar was also good, not mindblowing but very well done and had good ratio of base layer to chocolate. the brownie had the most interesting texture of the three-- it was very light and cakey looking but as soon as i bit down on it it condensed into a fudgier situation. it wasn't exceedingly sweet (none of the desserts were), but it was still good and i'd imagine most gluten-free people would be very happy with it. they also have la colombe coffee and offered rice milk and agave for it.
in summary: i'll definitely be going back and i recommend it to everyone with allergies or dietary restrictions, or anyone else who is open to the idea of a baked good with no eggs, dairy, wheat, gluten,  refined sugar, peanuts or corn.I really want to love sweet freedom since I love the concept but a few things hold it back - poor customer service every time I've been, and really hit or miss desserts. 
The magic bars are amazing and a few of their cake balls are quite good, but I've been disappointed by their gritty and too sweet brownies, their strangely plasticky tasting frosting for being all natural in their cookie sandwiches, and bitter or overcooked cookies. It's not that hard to bake delicious desserts with their limits - clearly sometimes they land. It wouldn't be such a disappointment either if the folks behind the counter even tried to be friendly.This place is the best, everything is delicious (cookies and cream cake balls and magic bars are to die for) and on top of that nothing has refined sugar. Great way to indulge without feeling unhealthy.This store is truly brilliant! Great friendly service, delicious goodies and I know I will come back for more while I'm here in Philly! Thanks Sweet Freedom!! My favourites today: Vanilla Chocolate Crumble cake, Samoa cupcake and Hostess cupcake! yum yum yum!Great little bakery in Philadelphia, especially for those with dietary restrictions (e.g. vegan, gluten free, etc.). The first thing you need to try - the cake balls! They're amazing. It's pretty much like cake batter dipped in chocolate.
The only thing I would be aware of is that some of the goods don't hold up over night. I bought a friend some cookies and a pumpkin loaf, and both were really soft the next day. My suggestion is to buy and eat right away. ; )I can't tell you how much I wanted to like this bakery.  I get that they're trying to be a strict-diet friendly place, but why oh why make your cupcakes SO gawd awful?!  Haven't the strict-diet eaters suffer enough?!
My sweet man purchased about 4 different cupcakes here and all of them tasted mealy (couldn't believe it either), dry, and had funny after tastes.  I'm one of those fortunate people who can eat most things so I have a limited understanding of gluten-free foods, but i really wanted to recommend this place to my friends who are.  Maybe it was an off day, but it will take A LOT to make me eat their cupcakes again (even if it was for free!).How cute is this place? I randomly typed "vegan bakery" in the search bar on here and this place popped up! Seeing as how they have only been open 2 weeks, there were not too many reviews for it but I ventured their regardless. Yesterday was my birthday. I have been a strict vegetarian for 7 years but Saturday started my journey to vegan-ism. I have been hooked on the vegan goodies at Whole Foods for some time now, but figured for my birthday, as a way to treat myself between class to this place. The chocolate chip frosting cookie was amazing!! I have found my new vegan heaven!unless you are a baker, dessert options are quite limited when you cannot eat gluten.  i purchased one carrot, one chocolate, and one vanilla cupcake.  i also bought one chocolate chip cookie and one magic bar.  they are the best bakers for what they are working with.  their chocolate chip cookie was definitely the best i have ever had. make sure your roommates do not steal your delicious baked goods when you bring them home.  you will be very angry if you find anything gone.  you should not be held responsible for your actions.
the owners introduced themselves.  they were incredibly sweet and really want their adventure to pan out.  it was a great environment. i only wish the magic bar had more coconut in it.This bakery has very stringent health standards. Not only is this a vegan place, but they eliminate things such as white flour and sugar. This place is half way between raw-vegan and vegan and it's pulled off brilliantly.
There are a million different choices there. Being a chocolate freak, I had the chocolate cupcake. It was really satisfying, especially the icing! The chocolate chip cookie tasted identical to a "real" one. 
This is a place for those who value a business doing a really great thing and putting out healthy items above and beyond. I wish they would open up a savory restaurant too!I always love going here. Everyone's so nice and I the blueberry muffins are hands down the best muffins I've ever had, vegan/gluten-free/allergen-free or not!Almost had a nervous breakdown trying to pick which dessert to get! There are so many amazing options! Through my deliberation I ended up with the Samoa cupcake...OMG....the coconut cream, caramel and chocolate filling inside just melts in your month! My husband doesn't like coconut so he wasn't a fan, but he's obviously wrong. It was awesome! I can not wait to try the cupcake tops (frosting with just a bit of cake, the best of any cupcake anyway), the cake pops, the 10 other cupcake flavors they have, the apple looking thing, the brownies...but actually the cookies looked a bit dry so I may skip those. But seriously, can't wait to go back! Everything is between $2-$5, so not too bad!
Sigh...so good...My mom ordered some vanilla cupcakes and double chocolate chip cookies for my brother's birthday from Sweet Freedom, which were shipped to us an hour away. We aren't GF/DF but occasionally we try better alternatives. We were looking forward to these all week; unfortunately, I'm not impressed. Even considering the health-oriented ingredients they use, which is a plus, the desserts just weren't good. 
Everything came as a kit with the icing in a small tub and the cupcakes and cookies individually shrink-wrapped. The icing had the consistency of cookie batter: grainy and crumbly, slightly dry, not approaching creamy. The icing tub was packaged in cling wrap so I don't see how it could have dried out. I understand the ingredients are different but it smelled and tasted off. Stirring it wouldn't free up the mixture. I was worried I wouldn't be able to decorate with it, but I put it in a (non-provided) piping bag anyway. The icing was so thick it burst a hole in the bag. So far, not good. I made the best of it by smearing it on. The cupcakes themselves were heavy, thick, dry, and largely tasteless. The cookies were okay. They were soft and had a great texture, but the finishing taste was strangely salty. I felt sorry these were my brother's birthday dessert. For 6 bad cupcakes and 12 adequate cookies, my mom paid around $40.
I like what they're trying to do by making healthier desserts. I imagine it's harder to create a delicious, airy dessert with the ingredients that must be used in lieu of conventional ingredients, but I believe it can be done. I'm just not seeing it here. From our experience I don't recommend people buy their shipped products.We came all the way from Wilmington, DE JUST to get allergen free dessert and they had closed when we arrived 10 minutes before 7pm (the posted closing time). There were a couple employees inside who couldn't be bothered to look up and see us peering through the window. Very disappointing.I'm not even allergic to anything or vegan, and this place is great.  Friendly staff and the donuts are killer! It's filling too, you're not just eating sugar and white flour :)Mouthwatering gluten free, vegan pastries. Best I've had anywhere. Gluten eaters will love them as well, because they're lighter than cakes and cookies made with wheat flour.Mediocre vegan desserts, but not a lot of competition in the city to get better. Granted, these treats are vegan+, I've had far tastier and fulfilling vegan treats at the Whole Foods in Portland, OR. I really want to love this place and tell you it's totally amazing and life changing, but I've done my vegan dessert due diligence of tasting and can't vouch for these. Doesn't mean I won't keep trying. I will try the tomato pie like Sarah F. says is delish and try some more. But for now, SF you're A-Ok.Party involved: Went with husband and 4 friends.  Only one friend is glutton free, rest of us are not vegan, vegetarian or healthy lol
Ambiance: 4 stars. great - cute but not big
Staff: 5 stars. Super nice!
Sweets: 5 stars. The cookies with frosting are amazing! The brownies, and chocolate chip banana bread were great too! (huge sweet tooth)
Price: great!I was a bit skeptical about trying this place, as I had heard mixed reviews, but decided to give it a try with two friends.  The place is really cute!  Was hard to decide what to get..I got the strawberry lemonade cupcake (I'm not a huge cupcake person but if a cupcake has filling inside then I am much morel likely to like it!) It was SO good!! My friend got a blueberry one, which I didn't like as much.  I also got  a thumbprint, liked it so much that I got another and since they were going to be closing soon and only had 1 more left, the girl gave me 2 for the price of 1 :) that was nice.  It seemed a little pricey, but I'd definitely come back! I've heard good things about the cookie sandwiches, so maybe I'll try that next time.I tried a sampling of 6 items from Sweet Freedom, and I wasn't very impressed.  I found everything to be dry, and having experienced great vegan goodies from places like Vegan Treats and Port Fishington (and my own kitchen really), there was no comparison in flavor.  
If you're really having a hankering for something sweet, and it's your only option, it might do the job.  It won't pass the test for non vegans though.  
$3.75 per cupcake is a bit steep too.My husband got my birthday cake from Sweet Freedom Bakery this year and it was fantastic (chocolate cake with strawberry slices on top)! Even my non-gluten free, non-vegan friends loved it. He also bought me two of their cupcakes when he went to put in the birthday cake order and they were great. I wish the price was lower, but I've been experimenting with gluten free baking myself and understand that it's a lot of work. I'd definitely come here for special occasions again.I completely forgot to review SFB back in May when I went, but I remember a few things I thought I would add to the list of reviews.
I am all about butter, eggs, and flour in my baked goods, and I was making a ton of cookies for a meeting, but remembered one special person who needed gluten free products. Obviously I didn't want to be rude and not bring them anything, so I decided to walk over to this cute little bakery and pick up some things.
The place is clean and cute. It is very small though and if I didn't live in CC I probably would have a more difficult time finding it. The service was outstanding when I went here. The owner was super nice spending lots of time helping me with selections and just being overall really friendly. 
I ended up getting a few cookies, cupcakes, and muffins for this person (and decided to get a lemon cupcake for me). I think I probably got 7 items for around $20 maybe? The size of the treats are small to medium.
The box was nicely decorated and the owner shrink wrapped it so it would last till the next day. 
I was so happy to see the smile of the recipient of these treats when I gave it to her the next day. She didn't eat any in front of me so not sure if she liked them, but I think she did being used to these type of baked goods.
My take on my lemon cupcake. I liked the cake but it was more of a muffin type of texture than regular cupcake texture. Nonetheless, I thought it had good flavor. The frosting was super sour, but not in a good, lemony way. It tasted like dairy frosting gone bad. I took it off the cupcake right away.
Obviously this place knows it's unique and hard to find because the prices are a bit steep, but if you have dietary restrictions I would definitely give them a try.Was in the area and wanted to grab some vegan donuts (and were prepared to take home at least a dozen...we live almost 2.5 hrs away).  First bummer, only two donut flavors.  Ok, so we don't need to bring home a dozen.  Secondly, from the description we weren't quite sure if SFB had gf donuts AND vegan donuts or made a gf-vegan donut combination.  It was the latter.  Not to be deterred, we purchased a single donut...for $3.75.  It was anything but a donut.  It was more cake-like, but not in a good cake-style donut way.  It was dry.  It crumbled into bits.  It sucked the saliva from our mouths.  It was a hot mess, and it was tossed in the rubbish for some unsuspecting squirrel or raccoon to decide if it is worth consuming.  I cannot speak to gf donuts, but for anyone who wants a phenomenal vegan donut...if you're in Manhattan or Brooklyn, run to Dunwell donuts.  You'll plow through three of them before you take a breath.  If you're in the Baltimore area, Donut Alliance is pretty respectable.I am a fan!  Tried the magic bar and I could taste the difference in the chocolate but was amazed by how good it was, didn't taste like it was missing anything. Went back the next day and tried the blueberry oat crumble and my favorite so far. Very good and the owners are so nice, the one who was there the 1st time I went remembered me and asked my name for the next time I'm in. 
My last visit I purchased the Cookie Sandwich and two cupcakes, one banana chocolate chip and one I think it was chocolate with vanilla forget, that one was for my daughter. Loved the cookie sandwich, wasn't a fan of the cupcake what I tasted of it never finished it. The icing wasn't bad but different I think this was a dessert that tasted too different from what I'm use to, especially as a cupcake fanatic. My daughter who likes to lick the icing off first wasn't pleased when she went to lick it and rather than being greeted with a smooth icing, one that was a bit stiffer and gritty. Wasn't terrible so another will love it, just didn't do it for me. 
Overall has had very good experiences with SFB and will be back again and again.Not sure why this place doesn't have the best reviews. I've been here a few times and gotten something different. Everything has been absolutely delicious!i want to love this place but i can't :( i am gluten free (not by choice!) so i have been here a few times trying out different things. it was so disappointing. i think their cookies are good, but in all honesty its not hard to get gluten free cookies right. the cupcakes are what made me give the low rating. maybe it is because they are also vegan, and i am a huge dairy fan, but i thought that they were still dry and the taste overall wasn't great. it is also really expensive, i could buy a box of gluten free mix for less than 2 cupcakes. i guess the flip side of this is, if you have a ton of food allergies maybe this will taste good to you. since i only have the one pesky one, i try to not take out things i dont have to.Stopped in here about an hour before their closing time. The woman working was pretty rude and actually ignored us for a good 5 minutes before acknowledging our presence. She seemed to be busy cleaning the bakeware and doing dishes, then didn't wash her hands before grabbing our desserts. We tried two different cupcakes, which we (mistakenly) asked for her recommendation. I'm pretty sure she gave us their oldest batch just to get rid of it, but both were stale and didn't have much flavor. We had to cut up the cupcakes on napkins because she wouldn't give us plates (???) so that was awkward. Then the cupcakes fell apart because they were dry and crumbly. Won't be back, should've just gone to Whole Foods instead which is closer anyways.I tried this bakery out today with my children. I'm not a vegan but I enjoy eating healthy and am trying out being dairy-free. My youngest son loves brownies but did not like the brownies here neither did I. However I did like the samoas. The choc chip cookie with vanilla in the middle was good. The bakery is a bit pricey but I would go again.I walked by this place with my friend on the way home from brunch.  I had remembered seeing a few reviews and decided to try it out myself.  The inside was very cute and clean.  We chatted the owners up a bit to get the scoop on all of the goods - my friend happens to be a dietician, so she was very curious about their ingrediants as well as their backgrounds (highly educated and passionate btw)
We both ended up trying the cupcakes, my friend had the carrot and I got vanilla cake and chocolate.  The cupcake was definitely not the kind that I'm used to - it was more of a muffin with chocolate icing (amazingly delicious chocolate icing).  It wasn't bad, just different.  I'm looking forward to trying their banana cupcake with chocolate icing, which is only offered on certain days.  I think a banana muffin with chocolate frosting sounds heavenly!  
Go give them a try and support a new local business!  I would love to see this place succeed!In search of vegan sweets...
I REALLY wanted to love this place but, sadly, so, so disappointed.  I am not vegan,  have no known food allergies BUT Sweet Freedom's cakes and cupcakes taste NOTHING like cakes with gluten/dairy/refined sugar.  Common sense alone would dictate- "D'uh they shouldn't" ...SO, I'm not sure what other non-vegan/non allergic reviewers who raved about these items ate (See 5 star 7/14/03 review).  Maybe they weren't fully lucid?--maybe they ate what they bought with a side of ice cream and store-bought  frosting?  
I brought a custom-ordered cake and cupcakes (and relatively EXPENSIVE too! $$$)  to a party and reactions ranged from "this is REALLY disgusting" to a polite, few-bites then set aside and never touched again.  The vegans at the party appreciated my efforts as a guest bringing vegan, culinary treats but they, too, declined to finish their slices.  If I had to describe the taste, I would venture a really gritty, soft Power Bar (ie energy bar--but pasty kind, not the yummier, gourmet ones).  The frostings were okay, still gritty, but slightly sweeter and less pasty than the cake portions.
To be fair, the customer service was fine (no rude interactions as mentioned by other reviewers).  Also, if I've never had regular cakes/cupcakes/cookies/brownies before, I might find Sweet Freedom cakes decent (? hypothesis only). In that respect, the bakery does good (for those with food allergies).  
I learned (from my vegan friends/family) that another bakery in Philly makes vegan cakes but they're not gluten free, which apparently makes a BIG difference.  So, that will be my next stop...
Sweet Freedom Bakery: 2 Stars (not 1 because staff was friendly and helpful)I love, love, love this place! Their salted caramel cupcakes and magic bars are beyond fabulous! I usually try to steer clear of gluten only because it is bad news and I bake, too...but when I need a break, this is where I turn...the coconut cream icings- omg...and if you can ever catch a lemon cupcake, grab it!I have been here quite a few times and consistently they deliver an amazing experience to my mouth! I wish that the prices weren't so high, but I understand that allergy friendly warrants extra time and care which from what I have seen they really do take the time and do care.
I have had a multitiude of things from a cake that we ordered, and some cookies and cupcakes when we dropped in and service and quality have always been great and thier products are just beautiful and delicious! 
If you have food allergies and looking to satisfy your sweet tooth...look no further - Sweet Freedom has you covered!I don't know what voodoo magic Sweet Freedom has tapped into, but their stuff is incredibly delicious, considering it's all vegan and gluten-free. It's also free of corn, soy, refined sugar and yeast, just to make things all the more challenging. The products here are far superior to anything you'd find at Babycakes (which is also vegan and gluten-free, but far more famous because it's based out of NYC and LA).
Most of their products are made with chickpea flour, coconut, agave, maple syrup and other goodly ingredients.
I had a chocolate donut, a chocolate creme-filled sandwich cookie, a vanilla cupcake and a "dream" bar (made of brown rice, chocolate and coconut). Most of their items all cost $2-4 a piece.
The donut was great: soft, caky and smooth. The cupcake was also good, as it wasn't too sweet, and the texture was moist. the frosting was not buttery or sugary either, which was good.
The creme-filled sandwich cookie was spectacular. Holy crap was this good. It was like eating a sandwich where the bread consisted of tollhouse cookies and the filling consisted of chocolate mousse. This was by far the best thing I tasted.
Lastly, the "dream" bar wasn't good. I thought it tasted too much like brown rice, and the chocolate and coconut flavors just didn't gel. The texture was kind of crumbly and dry, which didn't help matters.
Seating and space on the inside is limited so don't expect to come here and sprawl out with your laptop. That said, this is a nice spot for a chat with a friend and they have some outdoor seating as well.
Sadly, Sweet Freedom does not have any loose-leaf teas, so I ended up with a mediocre bagged variety instead. They should definitely switch to loose-leaf teas exclusively.
Sweet Freedom is a winner, though. It serves a one-of-a-kind product and does a great job, too. I wouldn't have guessed that you could get such quality flavors with so many restrictions, but Sweet Freedom proved me, and the rest of the world, wrong.this place is absolutely perfect for me!  Their desserts are absolutely delish!  My favorite are the chocolate donuts with chocolate gonache, the chocolate chip sandwiches, and the cake pops!  I've taken so many friends here who have never heard of it and don't have dietary restrictions, and they absolutely love it!  It's my go-to place for a pick-me-up!I found this bakery on Yelp since I have gluten allergy -- and then purchased a bunch of cupcakes and cookies for a party based on the reviews I read here. I had high expectations of great tasting goodies. Unfortunately I was pretty disappointed when I got them to the party and I tried them and others did. (I didn't tell everyone they were gluten free/vegan because then no one would have tried them.) I found the chocolate chip cookies to be the best for taste, closest to the real thing. The lemon cupcakes were not tasty so that was a big disappointment. I just wanted to post this so people temper their expectations. There may be other sweets that taste more like the real deal. It would be helpful if they offered samples so people would know what they are getting, particularly for larger orders.So.. I completely support that this bakery is vegan, soy free, gluten free and on and on. It makes me happy knowing that I'm eating a dessert that is actually good for me. I can only speak for the cookies here because to be honest that's all I've ever eaten here. I mean, the desserts look good but the prices are really expensive. So when I want a treat, I go straight for the chocolate chip cookies. They are by far my favorite vegan cookie and I actually prefer them over regular bakery cookies. Although the price is a pretty penny for a little cookie, they are worth it. I am giving only 3 stars because of the customer service. I feel like every time I walk in to this bakery  they just aren't happy with their job. I mean, you are surrounded by dessert how could you not be happy about that? Anyway, I vowed not to go back after having a really bad customer service issue with the owner about why my cookies crumbled into a wet mess that was uneatable and she was quite rude and not very nice about telling me that it must have been too hot and that they will melt because of the coconut oil. Instead of being polite she was not just rude but extremely rude. Well, I since broke down and went back because the amazingness of the chocolate chip cookie. So if you can overlook the snobby customer service... go straight for the cookies!My husband and I came across this place on our way to lunch at a different place.  Everything looked so good we "saved room" and stopped here for dessert and Sweet Freedom Bakery did not disappoint!  We each had a cookie sandwich and loved it!  The place was packed on a random Thursday afternoon and everyone was saying how amazing it was! Great Place in Philly!My friend took me here when I was visiting Philly for the holidays.  I didn't know what to expect from a vegan bakery...but wow was I surprised!  The girl who helped us was really nice and the chocolate chip cookie I had was great.  If I lived near Sweet Freedom I would be a regular.Vegan and gluten-free, as well as free of all sorts of other things.  Actually, I'm not even totally sure what is actually in these baked goods (I think I will go with delicious air so that they are also calorie-free!), but I can tell you that whatever is in those cupcakes is pretty darn good!  The samoa cupcake was by far the best, but the fauxstess didn't lag far behind.  It's great to have so many options at one bakery.  Wish we lived in Philly or they would open a location in DC!So thrilled to find vegan baked goods in a city that puts bacon in cupcakes!
Went in in a Sunday morning (12/29) to get goods for a party with gluten free guests.  I was overwhelmed by options!  The young girls working there weren't very helpful though, I would have bought way more had they offered some guidance.  It's a small business and I'd love to support them- posting this so the owner can be aware of the sub-par service. I asked questions and barely got one word replies. 
The apple oat bar was amazing and so was the tomato pie.  The flavor of the vanilla cupcake was a little odd but liked the icing.  Hope to return and find better staff!I am beyond excited that I finally ventured into this place after hearing about it for months. I'm sugar, dairy and gluten free and have been craving sweets for months. This place was a little too amazing. I can see doing some damage here, both financially and to my sugar habit.  I tried a red velvet cupcake and a mint cookie sandwich. They taste gluten free, but that is not a negative thing. I thought the treats were delicious and I was ecstatic to be able to indulge my sweet tooth.Tasty, but not the best place for deliciousness.  I love the vegan and gluten-free concept, so I can eat everything there.  Plus, we all know it's a challenge to be vegan and gluten-free as a baked good.  I give them props for effort, ambiance, service and appearances.  However, the flavor and texture isn't the best for all the items.  If you have to keep things refrigerated, you know those items can't stand up by themselves without the cold.... which means, droopy, soggy baked goods.  However, if you get the cupcakes with the frosting or anything chocolate-based, you'll be fine!  I would go back here for the chocolate-based stuff!!  Some of the best vegan gf baked goods!!!  Not an easy feat!!I love Sweet Freedom and so does my non vegan boyfriend. We make special trips here for desserts every now and then. I loved their donut that had cookie crumbles on top, it was delicious and not fried. It was great. I also really enjoyed the blondie brownie. My boyfriend loves their cupcakes. I really want to try one of their cinnabuns but they have been out every time that I have visited. The only bad thing I could say is that we ordered a cake for my birthday this year and it was pretty pricey.. I think it was about $45 and fed about 8-10 people. It was dry and definitely wasn't worth the money. I am pretty surprised because their stuff is usually on point. It was the cookies n cream cake but tasted like traditional chocolate. We asked for turquoise icing and it was definitely green. We ended up throwing it away after a few days which is a shame. I WILL definitely return and I will probably order another cake from them but will not be getting the same flavor. I love that there are places for non dairy people in the area. Wonderful and helpful staff!Had I not parked my car on an off street from Broad, I would have never found this cute little bakery. As fate would have it, when I opened my car door I discovered the small joint. 
The bakery is pretty small, and not too many treats are displayed at their counter. I have a little place in my heart for small bakeries though, so I purchased a carrot cupcake and an apple crumble bar. Once learning that everything served was strictly vegan, I was excited to try these exotic treats!
The apple crumble bar was like heaven in a bite. The apples were very flavorful and the crumble was crunchy and soft all in the same bite. Next time I'll have to buy two!
The cupcake on the other hand was...interesting. A bit dry, and tasted like it was a healthy cupcake. I don't know about you, but when I buy sweets I want sweets.
So I'd suggest stopping in to support a small business, but shy away from those cupcakes and venture straight to the gooey stuff!i was excited about finally getting to try this bakery as i am a big supporter of a) local places and b) health-conscious baking.  i really wanted it love it.  the place itself is situated nicely, people who worked there were very nice. the bakery is pretty, decorated well, and was nice and cool on a VERY hot day.  i bought myself a chocolate cupcake with orange frosting.  the frosting was amazing, but the cupcake itself failed to deliver.  it was dry and kind of reminded me of chocolate-flavored sawdust :(  i haven't tried anything else there, but i'd be hesitant to spent ~$4 on anything else after a disappointing cupcake. 
also a $10 minimum for credit card purchases.  this seems pretty common in philly, but it always makes me really angry because i am not a cash-carrying person at all.I stopped here to get some baked goods as a gift for friends that I was visiting  out of town.  I got a mixed dozen of chocolate chip and oatmeal cookies.  My friends really enjoyed the cookies, in fact they joked that they would have to pay me to come visit more often so I can bring them gluten-free baked goods.  I didn't actually try any of the cookies myself but my friend who can only eat gluten-free products told me many times that they were really good.A good place for those of us with food sensitivities. Some items are significantly better than others, though. Donuts are a highlight and the challah bread is excellent (makes tasty French toast). 
Don't expect too many choices if you go later in the afternoon, as items begin to run out. 
Service varies depending on employee. Some are great, some mediocre.While it's great to have a vegan,  gluten-free bakery in the city, Sweet Freedom always falls short. The "cake" part of their cupcakes is heavy, almost brick-like. Likewise, the icing is paste-like (not light, not fluffy). They get points for interesting flavor combinations and a restroom for customers.Not only were the chocolate cake balls and thumbprint cookies gosh-durnit-ly, inside-out face-meltingly, charmingly FANTASTIC (God, why did I not move in next door?), but the owner and the girl working there when I went were also nice, unhurried, unfrazzled by a long day, and spent time talking vegan shop with me until the next customers came in. Definitely support this place. Cake balls.I don't think it's possible to have an allergy and not be able to eat at this place. Everything tastes great and it's not terribly expensive for a Vegan place. Be sure to try the Vegan Cookie Ice Cream Sandwich.Everything from the delightful font of the sign, the happy robin's egg blue interior,  the chandelier and the fact that I can actually eat something from the cheerful colorful bakery case makes me want to skip into this bakery like an 8 year old (and while I'm still 8, maybe bring my stuffed animals and china in for a tea party within the delightfully girly interior).  
Move over Baby Cakes: This dedicated gluten-free bakery  has not a hint of cross-contamination scandal nor will your cupcakes and cookies be hanging out in the same pastry case with spelt products (which contain gluten). I have experienced the cupcakes, cookies/  cookie sandwiches and all have been just plain, delicious, not just "good for gluten-free." 
Some criticize the prices. As someone who has made gluten-free cupcakes with recipes containing ingredients similar to those that Sweet Freedom uses, I wonder how they're making it work from a business standpoint. Coconut oil, low-glycemic sweeteners and the high-quality gluten-free flours they use are pricey. They are by no means making an excessive or even decent margin on these cupcakes. 
So, why only 4 stars. . . this is probably more of a personal preference but the goods are a bit sweet for my tastes. As someone fairly sensitive to sugar I tend to feel a little bit of a dizzy sugar high if I eat a whole cupcake or make it through half of one of their cookie sandwiches. They use coconut sugar which according to the woman at the counter (who I think is one of the owners) has a glycemic index similar to an apple, but still seemed to cause a little bit of sugar shock to my system. 
But, I still love this place for special occasions. Cookies (and cupcakes) are a "sometimes food" anyway, even if gluten-free. So, if you need something for a vegan or gluten-free friend or just want a healthier cupcake, this is definitely destination worthy.Considering all the stuff they don't use in their desserts they are excellent but it could only be more well reviewed IF I didn't have to take that into consideration, make sense? 
Don't get me wrong-I devoured a donut, couldn't eat the brownie-The overpowering taste of prune was just too much for my palate. The cupcake was better though it just didn't seem like it was cocoa-y enough.Don't count on this bakery being being open. After driving considerably out of our way, we arrived ten minutes before the posted closing time only to find that they had, for unknown reasons, decided to close early. The door was locked and the folks inside ignored us as they went about their business. Highly disappointing.still five stars.  this weekend i bought a cinnamon bun and a piece of vanilla/chocolate crumb cake.  both were great in different ways.  the cinnamon bun was dense, gooey, and uber sweet.  it tasted like the ~real~ thing and was the perfect portion (i'm sure, to most americans with american-sized bellies, the serving looks small; considering the sugary taste and texture, you will be full if you eat the entire thing...trust me.)
the vanilla/chocolate crumb cake is probably the least sweet thing i've tasted in this shop. it is moist and moderately sweet.  again, the serving size is perfect.
i think each pastry was about 4 or 4.50 usd, which i think is fair for a product that is made with exotic ingredients (in keeping with the gluten/peanut/egg/dairy free vegan mission of the store.)I took advantage of a recent promotion through OpenSky.com for Sweet Freedom's "Magic Bars." I was kind of wary about having baked goods mailed, but I was pleasantly surprised. They were packaged well in a cute little box with packing peanuts. Can I just say that not only were these the best vegan dessert bars I've ever had, they may just be the best dessert bars I've ever had! I'm a recent vegan-4 months-and I have had some trouble finding desserts that are fully enjoyable. These magic bars totally blow everything else I have tried out of the water. I'm so glad I found out about this bakery, and I look forward to placing orders in the future.There didn't seem to be anything left by the time we got there (~5pm). I was actually looking for cupcakes... but the banana chip cake ball was to die for and the double chocolate sandwich was pretty good as well.I am an omnivore who tries to incorporate as much dairy into my diet as possible . . . . but I will gladly incorporate as many dairy free baked goods from sweet freedom into my diet as possible.  
These desserts are delicious.  Period.  I was AMAZED by how fantastic everything was despite the fact that everything is totally vegan.  I had a lemon cupcake top that was divine and a chocolate cupcake with strawberry rhubarb icing - also fantastic.
Go here.  Soon.I ordered a cake for a birthday party that would include vegans and children as well as omnivores.  Everyone enjoyed the cake.I was impressed that they don't even use soy, so I had to check it out myself.  We tried the cinnamon sugar donut, which was just divine--light, fluffy, powdery (from the cinnamon), yet not too sweet.  We also tried the vanilla cupcake with lemon frosting.  It was all about the frosting--very lemon zesty.  I loved it.  Of course it was also the quality and freshness you can taste that make the baked goods so heavenly.
Some vegan desserts tend to be too sweet, but they don't over do it here.  I'm eager to try other products!Love, love, love, LOVE this place. I go every time I come home to Philly. My tummy loves the chocolate chip cookies especially. Sweet Freedom is a miracle.As an allergy sufferer, (peanut allergy) I desperately wanted to like this place. I really did. I had been dying to go here each time I was in the city. I finally did! I had a lemon cupcake that tasted like flour. I'm not sure how else to describe it. The icing was grainy, and I was very put off by it. I also disliked the after taste, and I couldn't even finish the cupcake :( I sampled some chocolate chips too while I was there, and I didn't like those either. The staff was very nice and helpful with guiding me in the right direction. Like I said, I SO want to like it, but I just don't.The cupcakes and pastries here are gluten free, soy free, nut free, sugar free, and may not actually be there at all.  And yet, the delusion of these questionably real baked goods will impress even an omnivore.
The vegan or allergic child in your life MUST be told about this place.Came here today for a quick snack and a coffee.  My husband got a German Chocolate donut and I got the carrot cake cupcake.  I also ordered one of the cake balls as well.  The carrot cupcake was definitely the best -- cake was moist, frosting was tasty.  Coffee was good, too.  Donut was a bit crumbly, but still delicious!  We found the staff friendly.
Reading the previous reviews, I think that this place does pretty darn well considering the restrictions they have (no wheat, gluten, dairy, egg, soy, corn, refined sugar, and a couple of other things).  For Sweet Freedom, that means no regular flours, no traditional binders, baking powder, no butter or milk, powdered sugar, etc. etc. etc.  All pretty essential ingredients for traditional baking.  Being a baker and having to go just gluten free (not an easy adjustment at first), I was impressed with what they can do.
Sweet Freedom, keep up the good work!My boyfriend surprised me with a birthday cake from here. I wasn't even aware that we had any vegan bakeries near us. The cake was absolutely delicious, and everyone loved it... even non-vegans.Cinnamon roll dry and not flavorful. Doughnut wasn't very good as well. Typically food that is only gluten free or only vegan tastes better than food that is both gluten free and vegan as well.Selection is not almost available with what is on-line. So, if you live a distance, call in advance and find out whether or not they have your sweets.This place was disappointing. I was really looking forward to trying their awesome vegan cupcakes. This cupcakes are anything but awesome. My chocolate cupcake with vanilla icing was dense. This thing had some weight to it. I'm pretty sure I could have dropped it, heard a thud, and would have an unharmed "cupcake." It was so thick and chewy. The chocolate stuck to the roof of my mouth in the most unpleasant way. After eating a couple bites, if felt like there was a rock in my stomach. I don't understand the hype about this place. These cupcakes give vegan baked goods a bad name.Sweet freedom totally surprised me! I'm honestly not a vegan nor do I care about gluten free but I had to take a look and try a few, well, because I like baked goodies!! 
The raspberry lemonade cupcake was fabulous, my wife isn't much of a lemon dessert person but even she was impressed. We also shared a chocolate cream filled donut and it was really really good, I especially liked the chocolate nugget in the middle! 
The staff was super friendly and really made my first vegan/gluten free dessert extra enjoyable. Knowing that the healthier options can taste like this, I'm in for more!Donuts and cookies were delicious.   Not many choices to pick from.   The inside was small and seemed messy.