Outrageous birthday cake! We chose the Devils Food Cake - with vanilla buttercream icing. It was delicious beyond words! 12 adults who typically shy away from high calorie sweets - ate every last bite! The staff were super friendly & accommodating (we probably could have ordered a bit more advanced) - can't say enough positives about our experience. So glad to know I also have a location closer to me in Old City. Wish I could have another piece of that cake!!I've been a fan of this place for a long time! Their hazelnut cake is awesome, as are many of their other cakes. I was 'sent' there years ago by recommendation for this signature cake and it more than lived up to it's reputation.
Their butter cookies are awesome -  absolutely love them. I frequently stop in to get cookie gifts to give to family and friends for special occasions - always a huge hit!
I think their prices are right in line with their products. They are always consistently great.
The people that work there are wonderful - friendly and helpful!Delicious pastries and coffee!! Friendly & accommodating staff and open, bright environment. Had the butterscotch bowtie- it was big but so good I finished it all. Highly recommend.They are really great with making cakes last minute, as I can attest to! I've had a sampling of most of their cakes, and they're all delicious. A little too sweet for my personal preference, but that's not a bad flaw to have!I tried the cronuts a few weeks ago and they were bomb! Very very good. Too bad when i actually pre-ordered some they turned out to be CRAP, dried and hard. Not good at all. Wait in line for the 2 that you are able to purchase, at least they are fresh. DO NOT pre-order! As for cakes, i have not tried yet, but it is on my list!Best vanilla cupcakes ever.  Period.  Light and fluffy.  Their vanilla cake with buttercream icing is equally awesome.How this place gets so many stars I just don't know.  Devil's food cake with cheap icing and chocolate shavings does not make a great cake.  If you are in a pinch for a good cake go to the Whole Foods at 20th & Callowhill and they can generally letter up a birthday cake for you with a quickness.The hazelnut sponge cake is the best around. Def worth the price and its always fresh.They have good nonpariel cookies.I have enjoyed everything I have bought here. Everyone raves about everything I bring to family gatherings and other celebrations.Better cookies!!!  Try the Chinese "Jewish Deli" cookies.
Very good cakes - but priced a bit high.  Need 48 hours notice for large cakes.
A good place to know about for sure!Swiss Haus is my favorite bakery in Philly- all their treats are scrumptious , the coffee is excellent, and the service is consistently friendly and helpful. 
I recommend the Devils food mouse treat and the strawberry pond cake.As a child, Friday's were my favorite day of the week.  Why?  The end of then work week my mother would stop at the then named Swiss Pastry Shop and pickup delectable treats for the whole family.   This ritual greatly contributed to a happy childhood.  I have loved the hazelnut sacher cake for too many years to count and am so happy that it taste just as good to me now as it did then.  I have introduced many people to the now Swiss Haus with nary a one ever being disappointed.  I recently had one of their gluten free almond joy tarts and it was delicious.  I so look forward to summer when they make key lime tarts...wonderful!  Thank you to the owners and bakers who through this shop's transitions have kept faith with old world recipes and traditions.So maybe I'm living in denial when I tell myself and others that I am not a dessert person. Yes I love cookies and ice cream, but cakes and pies and pots of cream with crispy burnt sugar tops are not my thing. I don't crave them, I pass on them all the time...except when they are from the Swiss Pastry Shop, now the Swiss Haus. My mom knew this and we'd always get a cake from here when I would visit, whether it was my birthday (as with my 35th which is the picture above) or some other event. I don't know the exact number, but we passed many bakery on our out of the way journey to get here...if you're driving, bring a friend so you can double park and run in quickly, parking is scarce. :)
The chocolates are amazing, the Italian Cremes out of this world, but the simple Rum Cake was my favorite. Vanilla sponge cake with rum infused butter cream frosting with cashews pressed into the sides :)The cro-cremes are amazing and addictive. I haven't tried much else from the bakery, but that alone is worth returning for.Wonderful! Went two days in a row during our weekend visit to Philadelphia. We found it by dumb luck and then my daughter said, "I have to take you to my favorite bakery." It was Swiss Haus- great treats for all and excellent coffee. Friendly too!Skip the cronut! Had it and it's fine, but the real strength of Swiss Haus is that it is a good bakery in Center City. It seems the trend around CC has been specialization:  cupcake shops galore, French/Italian pastries, etc.. all  having their place, but sometimes you just want to have a real bakery as a bakery is intended:  cakes, cookies, pies.. Swiss Haus has all of these (and more) and they do them well. Their cookies are great especially if you need a last minute snack for the office - who doesn't love a box of cookies sitting on the conference table? Everybody working there is very friendly and helpful, too, and the place is clean and the display cases look great.  I highly recommend Swiss Haus if you want to get back to basics.Fantastic atmosphere and delicious food! I was in there on Saturday afternoon and helped by a very kind (and good looking!) man who was very knowledgeable and efficient.  I was a first time visitor but will definitely return.Great bakery. The hazelnut cake is fantastic! I also recommend the "cro-cremes" (cro-nut equivalents).
The staff and the owner were extremely helpful. I ordered several cakes for an event, and the owner was very accommodating to my needs.
I would definitely recommend this bakery.Really nice bakery beautiful selection friendly staff great place to sit and have a cuppa coffee and eat lots of wonderful pastries and cakesThe best bakery cookies I've ever had.  There are always a ton of options to choose from, and they are all delicious.  My favorite are the white chocolate dipped fudge cookies.  People get really excited when I show up at a party with A Swiss Haus Box.  When I show up without it, not so excited.  
I've only had their hazelnut cake by the slice and I was not at all impressed.  It was really dry.  This was back in the Swiss Pastry shop days, so maybe it's better now.  Their cupcakes are good and cheap.  I've never seen them get crazy with the flavors, but they do the basic chocolate and vanilla well. 
If you are feeling for something a bit more exotic, try the clichy.  It's pricier than the cupcakes, but oh.  Goodness.  You'll be wondering how you made it through your whole life without knowing the ganache covered, multi-layered joy that is the clichy.  
I love this place, I just really need to get over there early for doughnuts some day.  As for the service, the people who work there are just lovely.  
Man.  Now I really want a clichy.Ordered a cake for a birthday. I chose a 10" round half n' half cake which serves has about 20 servings. I ordered it about 5 days in advanced. The cake turned out perfectly and was ready when requested. It was moist, soft, and full of flavor. The buttercream was also well done--not too sweet and just right. The shaved chocolate on the sides was also a nice touch. 
They carry the 7" cakes on hand and some of the 9" as well so if that's the size you want, you can pick up right then and there. While I ordered a cake, I couldn't help but grab a chocolate peanut butter cupcake for the road. It was great. The lip of the cupcake was chewy similarly to the ends of a brownie. So good! 
The staff was also personable. They made sure to ask if I needed any help, answered any questions I had, and ensured I got what I wanted. 
They also have a counter in the window so if you grab a sweet you can eat it right there. Highly recommended bakery! I will definitely be back.I ordered the "Andy's Apple" cake as a surprise for my mother-in-law's 70th birthday and she loved it!  I went with this bakery because of all of the positive reviews, not to mention, quick service (I only ordered the cake a day prior) and was very pleasantly surprised.  My in laws are not big on sweets and they both said the cake was moist, not too sweet, and just plain delicious.  We'll definitely be ordering from here again in the future.  Thanks Swiss Haus! :)Had looked forward to going there for something yummy. Unfortunately, got the sticky bun which was very mediocre.  And at 2.99, overpriced (I guess anything is overpriced when it doesn't taste good).I got a sticky bun. It was very stale. Not good. I expected good things since it was a city bakery. Very disappointed.
Edit* after my one star, Swiss Haus reached out to me and offered me to come in and choose something on the house. I appreciate that they care enough to do that. though i won't be taking them up on the offer, kudos to them. two more stars!This place is wonderful.  If you do a special order, ask for Max.  I recently ordered a cake for my daughter's sweet 16 - Max did wonders, especially since I asked for a large cake, shaped like Tiffany & Co. boxes.  My one contingency was that I do NOT like fondant.  Max made a beautiful cake with turquoise buttercream icing (which is not easy because the icing slips).  The cake itself was the moistest chocolate cake I have ever had.Can't speak for the baked goods, but definitely some of the worse service I have ever encountered. I walked in hoping to find a cake to buy for my upcoming wedding anniversary. I was the only person in the store with two people behind the counter. Neither of them could care the least bit to help me and when I tried to ask questions, was given almost no information (ex: is that cream cheese frosting or butter cream? Answer: I really don't know, but you can buy a $5 cupcake and try it). Then one left to answer the phone and the other went to the back - in the middle of my asking another question! Suffice to say, I will not be spending my $36 on a cake at this place.This bakery makes the best cookies I've ever had.  My favorite, which I highly recommend, are the chocolate fudge dipped in white chocolate - but they sell out quickly, so go early.  They also make a great Mexican wedding cookie.  The staff is super nice and makes everything on the premises.  They also make a lot of various cakes, but I've never tried any of them - although I would not hesitate to.  Great spot!Stopped by for some ice coffee on a hot day. The staff were sooo friendly!! I made the mistake of ordering two ice coffees separately/one at a time. So the employee had to go back twice and do double the work (if you read this sorry!!) but she still kept a smile. The place isnt fancy or anything but the coffees were good!The cake was not pretty when it was delivered...The chocolate shavings all shifted to one side so it was really ugly on the other side...The cake also didn't have a cardboard-holder thingy at the bottom..so my friend had to blow the candle with the cake in the box since we couldn't take out the cake to hold easily. The chocolate plate with writing on it costed an extra $4 and broke before I even got to my friend's place. I did not shake the box. Overall, it just wasn't what I had in mine.I first met the cronut on a recent trip to Canada. When I returned to Philly and learned that there was a version in my own backyard, I was ecstatic. The Swiss Haus Bakery's crocreme is amazing...and much larger than the cronut I had previously had! I've had them for my own treat, taken them to South Carolina where they were a hit with family, and am planning to order many of them for an upcoming work event. Other items were equally good, from the chocolate chip cookies to the hazelnut cake. 
In addition to outstanding baked goods, the service is excellent! The staff was quick to greet me when I walked in the door, friendly, courteous and very helpful with custom orders. Truly outstanding experience that I'm happy to have in my own neighborhood!Everything I've gotten here has been fantastic. My favorites have been the peanut butter candy cake and some strawberry shortcake I had awhile back. A lot of their baked goods are not overly sugary, but place more emphasis on the heavy cream/flavor like I prefer. They also have a large assortment of small cookies, which I like because you can get more variety without feeling the pressure of buying huge desserts.I went to the Swiss Haus on Thursday and had, for the first time, a cronut. I've been avoiding sampling this pastry for a long time, mainly because of the calories. I finally gave in, and I'm glad I did! It was well worth five dollars. It was light, and yet it didn't leave me hungry the way other pastries often do. I felt like I was nourished with a meal(and it's a good thing, because that was my breakfast and lunch for the day combined).
I've always been a fan of this bakery. The ladies at the counter always greet me with a smile, and are very helpful. I've purchased cookies in the past to take to parties and gatherings, and they're always a big hit. Swiss Haus is a Philly landmark, and one of the best places to buy sumptuous pastries in Center City. Highly recommended.Carrot cake slice was yummy -- full of good stuff and moist.
Eclair -- didn't stand a chance once my husband got it.
Hazelnut cake -- got it for my for her 70th birthday and she and the family were thrilled.  Their mom had gotten the same cake for years (under previous owners).  The pressure was on, and Swiss Haus delivered.Strawberry short cake!  A bit painful spending $5 but it is as fresh and homemade as you can get.  Fresh whipped cream, perfect berries, moist cake.  Maybe I should try something else one of these days.  Everything looks so good and I assume it has been made with the same care and quality as the SSC.Had a wonderful experience ordering from Swiss Haus! I Ordered a cake online from Eat24.com for my husband's birthday. I love that they have small 4x4 square cakes since I needed only enough for the 2 of us. It is hard to find a bakery that makes cakes that small. I ordered the hazelnut cake and it was DELICIOUS. My husband loved it. It just melts in your mouth. The chocolate shavings were a nice and elegant touch. The cake came in a cute little box that I was able to discretely hide in the fridge. We will definitely be returning here again to try the donuts and pastries!Kinda pricey but love their carrot cake!!! AmazingExcellent cakes and friendly service. Try the hazelnut cake which is everyone's favorite.I purchased four of the small square cakes to sample as I hadn't been to Swiss Haus since Chef Jim took over in 2008.  While the quality has improved I'm still not a fan of thin slices of cake surrounded by generous amounts of sweet, fluffy icing which would be a mouse if it was thicker in consistency and probably a product that I would more enjoy.  The carrot cake was more to my liking - lots of nuts and a nice cream cheese icing.  I would imagine that the strawberry shortcake is a winner based on the style of many of their other cakes.  The service was good (friendly and helpful) - my friend and I stopped in a bit after 5p on a Wednesday.Inventive and delicious treats like the chocolate coconut tart which is basically an almond joy on crust and freaking amazing. Everytime I see a "Cronut" I have I get one as by proxy because I can't justify standing in line in NYC for hours to get an "authentic" one. So having never tasted the real thing, I can say with absolute certainty that Swiss Haus' version is incredible! The prices were high in my opinion but they obviously care about taste and quality so I feel it's not a deal breaker.Went in here for a job interview years ago..but while I was there, the owner or manager suggested I try the bread pudding and it was heaven! I saw this place pop up on my feed and had to give a shout out!Definition of awesomeness! Chinese cookies are so darn good, clichy is superb, famous mocha is unbelievable!
For custom cakery, probably the best in Philadelphia! :)Excellent cookies! (as I sit here and eat another) mmmmmmmm. Large variety. Always fresh! Love the cookies!I reserve raving about an establishment for the tops.
When it comes to quality, Swiss Haus is not to be beat.  This place has been a neighborhood fixture for over 70 years and you have to be something to survive in a place as tough as Rittenhouse Square.  I have had their cupcakes, gluten-free brownies, and their chocolate chip pound cake - which is, hands down, THE best I have ever tasted!
Their coffee, which is the ubiquitous and rather run-of-the-mill La Colombe, is fantastic (which is solely due to the way they brew it).  They let you fix your brew yourself, which gives them extra points here.
The only reason I'm knocking off a star is because I don't think the staff engages their customers enough.  Now, I know first-hand that working at a bakery is extremely high-pressured, even if you're just working the counter.  It IS retail after all, and when you're dealing with the public ...
But I feel a distance from the staff that should not exist.  I have been there several times and they don't have that umph that other people here have pointed out.
Be that as it may, I try to look past that, but can't help feeling a bit alienated by that distant attitude.  
And another slight complaint is the prices are a bit high, but it is Rittenhouse Square after all.  Hey, maybe those high prices can keep both our sweet tooth and cash flow in check.
But, despite that, I keep going back to Swiss Haus because of that pound cake - amongst many other things.I've been wanting to try this bakery for a while after seeing the incredible pictures on their website. I finally was able to stop in when I was in the city. I was pretty disappointed at how limited the selection was. Everything I asked for they claimed was at other locations or they didn't have. I opted for the carrot cake and eclair which were both yummy but nothing extraordinary.Swiss Haus Bakery came recommended by the Ritz Carlton concierge in Philadelphia. Outstanding bakery!!  We had Swiss Haus create 3 custom cakes for a family celebration dinner.  We emailed images to the bakery, selected our flavors and they delivered the cakes to the restaurant.  The cakes were all decorated perfectly and they  were delicious!  I can't wait to personally visit the bakery the next time we are visiting from New York to sample some of their other divine pastries.  If you're in need of a custom cake that not only looks beautiful but tastes amazing too look no further...stop at Swiss Haus!Do not go here. I had a Christmas party and decided to order in advance over the phone. I informed them of the headcount and described what I needed. I paid for a party tray at $55. The girl informed me over the phone it was a two tray minimum and i thought it was gonna be to much, but i ordered it with her. When I went in to pick it up, It wasn't enough for 25 people and they said there was nothing they could do and I then had to spend another $30 on a cake to feed the rest of the people they did not supply because I was stuck at that point. The food was good but there service is poor and they are misleading. I emailed them and hopefully I will hear back and they will fix this issue. I will keep you all informed. The deserts were good but not worth the money.Amazing selection of desserts. I tried the Devils food chocolate mousse cake and it was delicious. They have reasonable prices for desserts. Place to sit. They also have Apple Pay for payment.For the danish I had at least. You can tell it's a cut above the rest. The glaze was so unique. I had the apple but the cherry looked just as delighful.Shop wasn't inviting, the staff wasn't eager to please but the pastries assortment and the cakes in the glass case looked delectable.
I had a tiramisu. It looked appealing. It tasted alright. 
Wasn't moist enough. I couldn't taste espresso-ish taste in the lady fingers. It was also a tad bit too sweet. I wouldn't say it was bad it was actually quite good just that I have a lot of expectations from my tiramisus and this one did not top the charts.Swiss Haus hazelnut sponge cake has been our family's go-to birthday cake for half a century. Everyone looks forward to celebrations because they know what's coming at the end of the meal, and every now and then I even get one when it's no one's birthday. It is that good, and quite unique. Light and fluffy and extraordinarily delicious with the trademark gel icing. And you can always count on friendly service. Best birthday cake on the planet!Best strawberry shortcake in town! My family has been getting our birthday cakes here since I can remember. I even had them make my Sweet 16 birthday cake (many moons ago). Our favorite is the strawberry shortcake made with airy sponge cake and light butter cream, finished with their famous chocolate shavings on the side. They are a full bakery and their cookie case choices are always tempting. They changed owners a couple years back, but they have maintained the original recipes that I am grown to love. The people working there are patient and very friendly. Win-win in my book.This is great-probably the best cookie bakery in Philadelphia.  The cookies are a must try as are the cakes.  My only complaint is the hours-it closes too early at 6pm on weekdays for me to make it after work.  Also, it's not really a place to sit and eat, more of a grab and go place.Came in this afternoon and the lady that helped us was wonderful!! I tried the little chocolate brownie looking cookie dipped in white chocolate and it was delicious. Tasted like a brownie with lots of chocolate chips. Definitely recommend that cookie and will be coming back to get more!Good pastries. I went in for an eclair but they didn't have any that day and I got a cream puff and strawberry shortcake slice. Both were good but I felt like they had too much cream which some people like I guess.Swiss Haus offers a wide selection of baked goods, both typical and original. I enjoy their products, but they're a bit pricey.Swiss Haus is close to my office building so we ordered their famous hazlenut cake for a lovely coworker.  We ordered it on a Friday and I picked it up Monday morning.  The icing was absolutely, wonderfully fantastic...not too sweet...not too heavy...  It was 3 layers with buttercream icing on each layer.  It was heavenly.  It served 7 people and was $23...well worth it! The chocolate shavings on the outside of the cake were a perfect touch! The actual hazlenut cake was very good too...slightly on the dry side though.  It wasn't very sweet either.  I am undecided as to whether I would have liked the actual cake part sweeter but it definitely needed a little more moisture.  I AM a fan though.  I will definitely order my next cake from here.  I want to try the strawberry shortcake that they made for the Dali Lama's birthday when he came to Philly.  A pleasant find here in Philly!I go there every year for my birthday I love their cakes I can't stress enough how amazing the hazelnut cake is!!!!!!!Comfortable breakfast spot. I stayed in a hotel around the corner and enjoyed breakfast (coffee and a scone) here each morning. The coffee was fresh and there was a variety of pastry options. The staff was attentive and the the seating was plentiful.A real bakery, not just one of those places that bakes a million kinds of cookies. This place has lot so specialties and all are delicious. Be ware, once you enter the amazing smell inside the bakery will have you buying half the store.
Downside is that it is expensive. But you get what you pay for!Okay...I totally forgot about this bakery for years...and then I stumbled upon it last week while in Center City. Which was definitely nice because it was my daughter's birthday weekend and the place I normally purchased her cakes from were no longer in business. Well we went in and at first nothing caught our eye but then we saw just one square of strawberry shortcake and decided to share it. This cake was so good..the handmade whipped cream the fresh stawberries nice moist shortcake...so good..yum.,So I asked Miss daughter O mine how about this for a birthday cake and she emphatically said yes. Mind you she is super particular and funny about food so I was excited that she was excited about the cake. So I put in an order for the next day...paid $36 bucks and left. Fast forward to the next day...we picked it up...got it home and imagine our surprise when we saw that the entire cake had chocolate shavings or whatever all around the sides I mean a substantial amount of these chocolate curls.Huh?? No  one mentioned chocolate curls..shavings nothing..no one said Miss when you order a strawberry shortcake its totally different than what we make for individual servings in the bakery. The lady who originally sold us the slice asked if we ever had their strawberry shortcake before and we said no..she then said oh you both are going to love it. Hence, why wouldn't anyone mention these chocolate curls on ordered cakes..people do have allergies or some people just don't like chocolate shavings on a cake!!  Especially when you ate it for the first time it didn't have shavings all over it!!!The cake seemed dry too..it wasnt the same. So I'll just stick to the slices from now on. I'd rather spend $6.50 on a slice that Ill eat than $36 on a dry ass chocolate shaved cake that went in the garbage! SMDH!! Total waste....Oh and yes I did call ...no sorry no apologies no discount ....  just you can order it next time without shavings...and people love the shavings Grrrrr.... How would you know to order without shavings if you're not told it comes on the efffn cake????!!!!!!! And I'm not all people by any means and that especially holds true for my daughter too!! WE HATE CHOCOLATE SHA INGS ON STRAWBERRY SHORTCAKE!!!! So now put that in your cake and bake it!!This place has the best cakes. The people here are so nice and I just wanna say I had a great experience today getting a birthday cake for my boyfriend!On every trip to Philly, I make sure to stop by the Swiss Haus Bakery. The hazelnut cake is a must, even if you just get a slice. Cinnamon Apple Cronut--pretty unreal. I will definitely be back for more cronuts in the future. Service is always great--fast, friendly, and helpful.Everything I have had has been great, except for the cheesecake. I ordered one and didn't realize until serving it that there's no crust on it, which is the best part. The cheesecake was also on a Styrofoam platter, meaning it was no-bake. It was a pretty cheesecake, but it was basically just filling and not creamy like it is traditionally. I feel like I spent $27 on a cheesecake I could have easily made myself. This is still my preferred bakery in the area, but I wish they would have warned me it was not a traditional cheesecake when I ordered it.Oh my goodness, they have stuffed cupcakes now.  Way to join the fancy cupcake game!  I purchased an oreo one, and the girl who sold it to me mentioned that they at one point had a Reese's one.  You should really stop in.  If you're into responsible eating, promise someone you'll split it with them before you go, because if not, you'll eat the entire gigantic thing all by yourself.  
As a side note, I've realized the reason I'm not a fan of their regular cakes is that I don't like sponge cake.  It's still good quality cake.  It's just not my thing.  When we get them at work everyone else raves about them.  This must be a fluke in my cake gene.  I love everything else here, and, clearly, their cakes are admired by all.I don't think a better cake can be made than the one I got from Swiss Haus. With all the fake icing out there, when you taste real butter cream icing, there's nothing better. The Dobash cake was delicious with moist, spongy, and not too sweet, vanilla cake and melt in your mouth chocolate butter cream icing. Yummmmm
Thank you, Swiss Haus for making me a happy customer.I didn't want to like the cronut. I didn't want it to be good. Even as I walked into this delightfully quaint cafe/bakery, I wanted it all to be a sham.
But, oh, how wrong I'd been. I wasn't prepared for this level of wrongness. These things are for real. The outer shell has a rough look, but the second I took a bite, I knew this was going to be good. Not rough, but perfect. once I bit through it, and brought the cream into the mix...well, that's when I knew. Perfect texture, not to sweet and the essence of a flavor that I won't soon forget.
Great job on duplicating these delicious things. Can't wait to have another.I'm REALLY into baked goods. I grew up in a family of bakers and I bake a lot, so my standards are pretty high. I find that a lot of bakeries overbake nearly everything, and that problem is compounded by the fact that most places let their baked goods sit for way too long before discarding or discounting them. Although I can't speak for how long things stay on the shelves at Swiss Haus, I can say that they do a good job of baking things properly. Their traditionally dry cookies and pastries are a bit on the dry side (though not in a bad way), and the things that should be moist (like brownies or cupcakes) are moist. This alone puts them ahead of 90% of the bakeries I've been to.
I also really liked that Swiss Haus has a good variety of baked goods. My personal favorite is the devil's food cupcake, and there are a lot of great cakes, cookies, and brownies. I took some stuff home to my parents in Illinois on a recent visit, and my dad went nuts over the chocolate peanut butter brownie. This would be the moist stuff, and nearly everything I've sampled has been pretty good.
On the dry end of the spectrum (and oddly enough, the baked goods almost seem to be arranged in order of moistness to dryness, from left to right), there are a number of cookies and pastries to choose from. If you don't like dry cookies, you probably won't like most of what this place has to offer. The only cookie I've eaten here that was moist was the black and white cookie, and it was pretty delicious - especially the white side. The rest are harder, like the kind of cookies someone might eat with their tea or coffee. You can get them individually, or by the pound. I'm guessing the larger cookies might be a bit softer, but I've yet to sample them all.
If you're looking for traditionally Jewish/Eastern European baked goods, you'll find a reasonable selection here. I'm not sure if it varies by when you come in, but I've seen a variety of apple pastries, hamantaschen, and rugelach in their cases. If you're vegan or gluten-free, you'll find a FEW options, but not a ton. It's a bakery, what do you expect? I'm also not sure what their procedures are in terms of avoiding cross-contamination for gluten-free items, so if you have a serious medical need to avoid gluten, you might want to call ahead. 
The only things I don't like about this place are the fact that there aren't more "fancy" cookies, especially very moist and soft ones, along with the fact that the staff is very hit or miss in terms of friendliness. Most of my experiences have been great, but there were a couple times I felt like they seriously wanted to shove all the customers out the front door. It's not that they did anything specifically unfriendly, they just seemed rushed and impatient as people were telling them what they wanted from the cases.This used to be my favorite bakery in Philadelphia...  Actually, it still is simply because I haven't found a better place (aside from Wegman's, but that doesn't count).  My family and I have been purchasing baked goods from here for decades, and we feel as though the taste, quality, and service has plummeted over the years.  I ordered a cake back in December for my dad's birthday and couldn't believe how rude the lady serving me was.
Don't get me wrong, the cakes are still good compared to other bakeries, but the service and quality just doesn't measure up to the same (or different owner?) "Swiss Haus" that I once fell in love with.I've been craving pecan pie/pastries for a while now, so when I finally had the time to visit Swiss Haus, the only bakery with good reviews that had something similar, I had high expectations. I came here on a Saturday morning at around 10:30 am got the Pecan Diamond, which is essentially a pecan bar. The staff were nice and there was barely any wait. There were a few tables inside the bakery for you to sit and eat. However, the pecan diamond was wayyyy too sweet and I couldn't even finish it. 
I was really looking forward to Swiss Haus but oh well. I probably will not be back but they seem to have a decent selection of other pastries.You're missing out if you haven't tried Swiss Haus cookies.  Not too buttery but yet not dry and with just the right amount of sweetness, these cookies are the perfect size and will leave you craving for more.  Forget about the typical, American chocolate-chip or oatmeal raisin cookie you can find everywhere else (even your local supermarket) -- these delicious treats miraculously stay fresh for days and bring me back to memories of growing up surrounded by european bakeries.  My personal favorites are the butter cookie dipped in chocolate sprinkles and the chocolate butter shell cookie. 
(TIP:  stop by and try samples of what's fresh out of the oven!  The wonderful staff at Swiss Haus are proud and happy to share the fruits of their daily, baking labor.)
- pinkposyWow- we bought the vanilla cake for a co-worker's party and it was crazy good! The buttercream and white vanilla combo melt in your mouth and the cake so is light!
The only downside is it tastes so good you won't be able to stop eating it!
Also- it kept perfect in the fridge overnight and tasted just the same the next day. 
I highly recommend Swiss Haus!!!This cool bakery is located on 19th street right in the heart of the business part of Center City.  I walked past this place a bunch of time and I'm glad this time I went inside.
They offer a choice of 2 gluten free soups which smelled tasty.
There are many cases of small cookies, larger cookies, black and white cookies, tiramisu, cheesecakes, cakes and a bunch of different items I plan to sample at a later date.  Tons of beautiful cakes.
I spent $10 on a box of various cookies to give away (#40acts) and it filled up the small box.  I got a few chocolate chip walnut and chocolate sprinkle cookies for myself to sample.
I'm glad I got myself some because they were so tasty and fresh.    
The staff was very friendly and attentive.  I had at least 3 people ask if they can help me.  The young lady that assisted me was kind enough to make sure I wanted cookies with nuts in my random selection.
I hope the cookie gift is as tasty as the 4 cookies I ate myself  :) 
It looks like you can order ahead but I didn't use that option. 
I'll definitely be back.I fell in love with this place a few years ago and I'm glad to say that I still love their amazing baked goods! My favorite are the lemon bars! (I would run over there now for one if they were open!) Its nice to have a great bakery down here in center city! Everything is baked fresh which I love, and the staff here are always helpful and friendly!I have tried numerous bakeries in and around Philadelphia.  This one ranks up with the top ones.  Great strawberry wheel, coconut lime tart, maple walnut diamond. and so on...
If you find your way on 19th street between Market & Chestnut - stop by as there will probably be a treat for you.What a great find! We we're shopping in Center City and walked by Swiss Haus.  What an incredible selection of fresh baked goods!  The Cronut was delicious as were the butter cookies.  Wish we had a Swiss Haus like this in Southern California.In my recent Panera review, I say, "Oh, and if I want something that's a thousand times better than a bear claw, I will go to Swiss Haus Bakery in Center City where they have a delicious almond croissant filled with a huge helping of wonderful almond cream."
Swiss Haus is my go-to place for a wonderful sweet treat. I absolutely love their pecan diamonds (basically pecan pie bars), raspberry walnut croissants, almond cream croissants, apricot/raspberry twists, and their cookies. They tend to be a little pricey, but it's quality comfort dessert food, so it's worth it. The ladies working behind the counter, owner Jim, and head chef Donna are always nice.
I recently tried their vanilla cronut. I had always been hesitant on getting it because it's $5 and for $4 I could get one of their other wonderful desserts, but I took a chance and I'm glad I did. I had had one other cronut from the now defunct Crumbs bake shop in Rittenhouse Square. I can see why that shop closed. Their cronut was hard and terrible. I don't like kicking something when it's down, but it was such a crappy cronut and I discovered that the place was closed a week later that I didn't bother writing a scathing review for it. To think that Crumbs started in my hometown, too! Blasphemy. Anyways, Swiss Haus' cronut was the complete opposite. The layers were flaky and soft and the outer part crisped perfection. I love the powdered cinnamon and the small amount of vanilla cream on top. Mine could've used a little more custard filling, but what custard I got was a perfect complement to the layers. The entire $5 experience of a Swiss Haus cronut was basically lunch for me. It's a very filling pastry! Try it, try it, try it. You must. Maybe a suggestion for future cronuts... a raspberry filling... mmmm!!!!My friends and I always had a birthday cake tradition to get Strawberry Shortcake from Tiffany's Bakery. We wanted to explore outside the world of Tiffany's and see what other places had to offer. We were searching for something different, and perhaps, better. Swiss Haus was our first stop.
Personally, I'm not a big fan of sponge cake, so I was a bit skeptical. They have a variety of tasty-looking cakes, but we wanted to play it safe and ordered their best-seller, Hazelnut cake (which consisted of three layers with vanilla buttercream and covered in chocolate shavings). The cost of the smallest size is $21.
The first bite changed my mind about sponge cake... it wasn't bad at all. It was quite good, but not mind-blowing. I'll definitely be back to try something else, particularly their Chocolate Raspberry Torte I was drooling over looking at the picture on their website.Got a birthday cake here and was one of her best I've ever had. Rum cake. 
Work nearby and frequently pop in for a sweet treat. Their butter cookies and chocolate chippers are delicious! 
Staff is always so friendly and helpful. 
Truly a gem bakery in Philly where you will not be disappointed.I got a Groupon for this bakery and decided to try it out. I'm a total sugar and chocolate addict and always looking for a great bakery, something other than the thousand Italian bakeries that seem to abound in the Philly area. 
I bought 4 items on my first trip (and all within the limits of my $10 Groupon!)  I got a specialty pastry called a "marjolaine,"  a chocolate/chocolate cupcake, a hazelnut cake slice, and a complimentary double chocolate brownie-cookie drop with vanilla glaze (because I actually came a little under the $10 and they wanted to make up for it.)  Very friendly service from the one woman I dealt with on a Thursday afternoon.
I ate the cookie first. Very "meh." It was dry except for the embedded chocolate chips. You can make much better at home using the Baker's Chocolate Drops recipe found on the back of their unsweetened baking chocolate, very easy to do, just add a generic confectioners glaze.
Next I tried their specialty marjolaine, priced at $4.99, so I expected it to be good. This is a four layer hazelnut meringue filled with hazelnut and chocolate cream, a bit of jam, and covered with a chocolate glaze. Again, I was underwhelmed and had a hard time pinpointing why. Ultimately, I found it to be too rich and too sweet (half a slice made me sick to my stomach) but without a whole lot of actual flavor. The chocolate glaze quality was pretty good though. 
Next I tried the cupcake. And I found myself asking, what do the following have in common:
1. Sahara
2. Mohave
3. Death Valley
4. This cupcake
You guessed it - dry dry dry! And the frosting was airy nothingness. I threw part of it away. Why do people bother to make cupcakes that aren't moist yumminess? If you want cupcakes, go to Brown Betty. End of story.
Finally, the hazelnut cake square. Again, a lot of airy sweet nothingness, very unsatisfying. (In fact, the bakery box, when it held just the cupcake and cake square, weighed almost nothing. The marjolaine was the only hefty pastry.)
This place reminds me of many of the local Italian bakeries, because their cakes tend to be a lot of airy sweetness as well. I was hoping for something different given the "Swiss" designation.  No such luck. I won't be coming back.I have only been here for assorted cookies a few times and once for pumpkin pie. The food is always really good and the counter girl, Alexis, is on point. She is super charming, sweet and very helpful, even when she's swamped.
I highly recommend this bakery if you are looking around :)Very disappointed in what we bought. The rum cake, that people rave about, was dry , had no rum taste and was covered with cashews.
Who covers a rum cake with cashews? Red velvet cupcake was good.
Cannoli was good, but far from the best in this town. Devils food chocolate mousse was dry and tasteless.
Everything looked great, but thats where it ended.If you have a hankering for sweets, look no further than Swiss Haus.  
Having heard of the cronut for what seems like forever, I finally decided to give my husband something he would not forget on a snowy Valentine's Day - food.  I was shocked to see that the cronut is actually a monstrosity.  Seriously folks, they're big.  But I got two anyway, chocolate and vanilla.  Because you know, I had to try both flavors!
The cronut did not disappoint, but really one is enough for two people to share and at $5 a piece, you probably want to bring a few friends with you. 
They only make them on the weekdays, so if you're looking for something sweet for Saturday or Sunday brunch, grab them on Friday morning.  
Excited to try some of the other sweet-toothed options at Swiss Haus, as they looked divine.Horrible customer service. The sale woman (who was there around Sunday late afternoon) was very rude, unprofessional and provided the worst customer service. They almost gave me the wrong cake. Due to the bad experience, I will not come back unless the staffs are well-trained.Love this place. Their desserts are amazing. I absolutely suggest going here! Everything tastes so good and fresh! I got a cake from here for my coworkers birthday and she was absolutely in love with it!!!Had a latte which was really good, especially on this windy day.  The ambiance is very cozy, music selection was welcoming.  It made me wish for a couch.  The space is super clean.  The girls were friendly.my only review is the cronuts.
Yes- its that good. DELISH.
$5.00 a pop. I bought 5.
people were nice. not overly nice and not cold. 
i would go back to try something elseI tried birthday cake from this place which I didn't think was very good.  The bread was not moist or sweet, the way chocolate or vanilla cake should taste.  It was light but lacked any dessert-y sweet kick.
I think the pastries are much better.  I tried this almond cake/pastry thing which was awesome.ive never written a bad review for any business but this bakery is a different story ...
so i ordered a small fondant cake with them and at first they were accomdating. however the first red flag was when the baker kicked up the price a few bucks after i called back to confirm my order
but the big problem was when i placed my deposit. i paid for half of the cake which was well over $100 and was told I can pay the rest when I pick it up, which is the norm.
TWO DAYS before my event I get a call from the baker stating that if I dont pay for the rest of the cake, my order will be canceled. Why would I pay $225 for a cake that I havent even seen yet??? and lets not forget I already put down $112 to confirm
The baker said she was "sorry" if "I misunderstood"and just repeated herself that this was their policy and the item would have to be paid in full or else no cake. Who is going to give you $112 for free and not pick up a confirmed cake??!! I canceled the order right away.
So in a nutshell, their customer service is terrible and I have never done business with somone so unprofessional. They were not helpful at all. Just wanted to warn othersCheers to this place for great customer service and for having a few vegan options. While the vegan cupcake I got was fine, the peanut butter cookie as a crumbly, moist, rich delight. I would definitely recommend coming here to get an unusual and delicious peanut butter cookie whether you're vegan or not!I finally got to try a cronut and it was great, texture and taste. A definite try.
The brioche bun with pastry filling was recommended by staff and has the same filling as the cronut. I was disappointed since the bun was dry and there was only a little bit of filling. Had there been more filling, the bun may not have been so noticeably dry and may have had more balance overall. 
The cheese stick had good flaky texture and sweet cheese, but overall not much taste.Haus special Hazelnut cake is one of the best in the city. Perfectly fluffy and moist with a thin layer of icing and chocolate flakes. 
Open early in the morning making this a great place to stop for an office birthday.ALWAYS GREAT
I'm addicted to their strawberry pound cake(slice on the countertop)!!!!The cakes taste good.  I'm especially a fan of the Andy's apple.  However,  when ordering a whole cake, make sure you know how they're going to decorate it.  I think it depends on who is doing the cake that day but it can range from tasteful to downright  ugly.Love love love Swiss Haus! I get my birthday cakes from here every year (love the hazelnut cake). And whenever I walk past I have to stop for something sweet! They also have their version of the cronut that's delicious!This review is for the strawberry shortcake.
The strawberry shortcake is very good, but only the parts that have frosting on them. The middle part, once I had gobbled up the frosting-lined parts, got to be rather uninteresting, so I stopped myself from consuming whatever was in front of me -- certainly not worth the calories.One of my favorite bakeries ever. Everything I've ever gotten here has been extremely fresh and tastes so awesome and homemade. I usually stop by here before going home to visit my family and pick up a box of treats for them. Swiss Haus never disappoints.
The cro-cremes (cronuts) taste like a piece of heaven. I really die with every bite. They're enormous, $5 each, and probably 1000 calories each, but they are the ultimate treat. They only make them during the weekdays, and they will run out later in the day, so I recommend calling ahead to check if they have any before you go.
Lemon bars are probably my favorite dessert, and their lemon bars are my favorite. The crust is so buttery and chewy! And they're huge. I'm drooling... I could go on about all the other fantastic baked goods I've had here, but there are way too many. I highly recommend Swiss Haus for all baked goods!My husband and I used to be big fans, but some portion sizes have decreased (the prices have stayed the same or gone up). That wouldn't matter so much if the staff were nicer. Twice in person and now just last week over the phone we've received some of the rudest treatment we've ever had in food service, just for calling in with questions about buying a hazelnut dessert for someone with an allergy. The woman who answered the phone should lose her job immediately - disgusting behavior. It's also obvious that not all the staff are clear about what is and isn't gluten/allergen free. We let her know she'd lost Swiss Haus two long term customers and we will not be back.The vanilla cake had a light, almond flavor and mildly sweet.  Butter cream icing was rich, but not too heavy to enjoy.  Overall, very tasty!I rate my experience this morning at the Swiss Haus Custom Cakery and Cookie Bakery as a 5. Why, you ask? Here's the skinny - their Morning Glory muffin is arguably the best muffin I have ever had. There, I said it. 
For starters, I think this muffin is the healthiest thing you can get there besides maybe a glass of water - seriously. It has coconut, raisins, walnuts, carrot and a whole bunch of other trailmix-worthy ingredients. Plus I swear I smelled brown sugar... who doesn't love brown sugar. There goes that healthy thing. Oh well. Go try it yourself!Awesome pastries! Definitely my highlight of the week when I go into Philly. I like watching them roll out dough through the little window into the kitchen, and even at 4pm the pastries still taste great. Haven't tried the cakes yet, but they look absolutely gorgeous!I took a chance and ordered a Jewish Apple Loaf for Rosh Hashana this year and it was delicious! A little on the small side, but it was enough to feed 8 or so people. I'm a sucker for butter cookies so I also got an assortment of their cookies to bring to the dinner which were a big hit. The staff were friendly and they had my order ready when I unexpectedly popped in at 9am to pick it up instead of my scheduled time of 12pm. It's always good to have a solid bakery in the neighborhood and I plan to go back to try more things, assuming my waistline can handle it!I first discovered this bakery in the late 1980's, and I have had a fondness for their cookies ever since.  My first fixation was on their low sugar checkerboard cookies (no longer made).    I now embrace any of their many black and white cookies:  White butter cookie with a chocolate center, shell-shaped cookies adorned with chocolate sprinkles, brownie-like chocolate cookies dipped in white chocolate, and on and on.   The perfectly-formed cookies are presented on long trays, and I don't believe that I have ever seen a broken cookie or even a random crumb on the trays.  Their cookies 
make great gifts for all occasions.I love this bakery and the great customer service. Today Juan waited on my girlfriend and I! He was so helpful and committed to our happiness. They sell cakes and cookies and lots of other delectables! A Philly institution!Great bakery, great selection and friendly service. I haven't tried everything here but their cupcakes are pretty good and they're pretty close to home so they get some points just on convenience. 
I like the  fact that they serve coffee and other drinks too but what I want to know from everyone else is whether or not the coffee is worth coming for on it own? If so then I could see myself making this my go to spot, since it's not crowded with the 7am rush of coffee fiends. 
The cakes and all of the cookies/biscuits they have out always look really tempting, but I usually never see anyone going for anything here other the pastries and cupcakes/cakes. I like the fact that they make all those other things, but I doubt I'd ever buy them.
I hear they had an awesome cronut which was killer but recently discontinued it? Hope they bring it back!
Thanks SHB for keeping the variety going in Philly.Beautiful cakes and cookies, but the prices are a bit high. I stopped by more to peruse than to try their goods, but they had some tasty samples available. I do think that they looked a little bit better than they tasted though.I've had 2 cakes from here and they are out of this world delicious! So fresh. Cookies are excellent too! I will be back for more goodies around the holidays :)Very tasty treats in a variety of colors, shapes, sizes, and flavors.  The presentation is excellent and the flavor is delightful.  The perfect place to treat yourself or pick up some goodies for a party.Ordered the Sacher cake here based on the yelp reviews for a friend. Happened to cut the cake the next day I brought the cake home and it was amazingly fresh. I'm usually not a fan of the cream frosting since I find it very heavy but this was so light and the cake was moist as well. Was reasonable enough too.Bought a pizza for my friends birthday - despite being a walk-in, it was ready in a flash. Delicious!Worth a stop in simply for the smell of the place. Employees were friendly & helpful. I Strongly suggest the peanut butter /chocolate cupcakes(vegan per store signage). They offer coffee, didn't pick any up but I may in the future.I went for the one and only cronut.  I didn't even glance at any of the other pastries because I was on a serious mission.  I got it.  I ate it.  It was very good but a little sweet for my taste.  Otherwise the staff was prompt, courteous and it was clean as a whistles.  Yay!  I'm a fan.Walking down the street I noticed the sign which I've seen on a foodie show. I have to mention friendly service; and this place has it! The cake I chose has a crunchy exterior and soft interior.  (licking lips) I was only able to finish half in one sitting.  The coffee served isn't great but that depends on your taste.  Great place to come and satisfy your sweet tooth.We were looking for a cronut in Philly and found the Cro-Creme at the Swiss Haus Bakery. It was delicious. Wish we would have ordered one to split. Sugar on the outside, Creme on the inside and white frosting on top. Worth a try.Great bakery, nice people. The hazelnut butter cake is as good as it gets. They also have some really good gluten-free cakes.Since I was a little girl, my family has always celebrated birthdays with Swiss Haus Hazelnut cake. It is so incredibly light and delicious. I can't imagine having any birthday without this cake! Wish they would open one on the Main Line!Officially my go-to place for birthday cakes and special treats. Yes, there are other swankier places to get artisan sweets (Miel, Metropolitan, etc.) but nowhere gets the standard lots of sugary frosted goodness and traditional cookies and cakes better than the Swiss Haus. 
For my boyfriend's birthday I went with the Saucher cake. The description reads: "This cake is three layers of velvety chocolate butter cream. spread over a moist Viennese Chocolate sponge cake. The sides are covered in chocolate shavings." The only let down was the cake wasn't as "moist" as promised but I'm not ready to hold that against them to the point of finding alternate cake quite yet. Also, although the prices are a bit steeper than your standard grocery store cake, you really are getting a better product at a good rate. Be sure to look through the website if you are ordering a cake rather than going into the store as they have great descriptions, pictures and prices for everything available to help with your decision making. 
Be careful when you go to pick it up though. There are about a million other treats that will try to suck you in with their sugary goodness. Yummmmm.I just called for information on wedding cakes & available flavors. The female who I spoke w/ had a rude tone in her greeting alone. When I asked if they had an almond cake batter for wedding cakes she rudely said no - as if she was annoyed. I said ok thank-u and before I could continue with asking for other flavors, she hung up! Are you serious. I would NOT consider ordering my wedding cake from these people. If this is the ettiquite of their staff. I dont expect to speak with a cheerleader, but I do expect basic customer service. Rudeness...would not use & would not reccomend.Love everything about this place. I was craving something sweet on my "cheat" day and was not disappointed. I joyfully destroyed the almond joy. My hubby shared his eclair.  Everything was so good but I couldn't finish it all.  I promised to go home and work on my earring skills so I won't waste my future "cheat" day. In addition they were super sweet to everyone who walked in the door.I went here for their version of the cronut, which I was told was to die for and in great demand. 
The staff was friendly and everything looked good,  I plan to return for the strawberry pound cake.
The cronut is a modest size and is very sweet.  The texture is flaky almost like a croissant, the creme is very tasty,  and the cake is quite nice.  It's dipped in sugar so that sends it over the top. 
Overall it was a quality pastry.This place is a true Philadelphia institution. While searching for a good place to order a graduation cake, somebody recommended Swiss Haus Bakery. I tried their hazelnut cake and mocha cake; both were delicious, but for me, the mocha cake was the winner.
Their cakes, comprised of sponge cake layers sandwiched between airy swaths of swiss buttercream, are light yet full of flavor. It's all too tempting to take bite after bite...after bite. (And before I knew it, a quarter of a 10-inch cake was gone!) The mocha cake in particular had a great potent coffee flavor, and the crushed cashews on the side provided excellent contrast in texture. 
After sampling the Swiss Haus Bakery cake (and another French bakery's cake), I chose Swiss Haus. It was totally the right decision - even after a massive multi-course graduation dinner, our guests still devoured the cake with glee. Almost everyone asked us where we had ordered the cake from. 
Ordering and pick-up were very easy. We called after placing the order to make a last-minute change to the decorations, and they were able to accommodate us, no problem. Swiss Haus also did a very nice job decorating the cake - it was simple, but had a nice little paper diploma on top (see picture) that we had not requested but made the cake feel very personalized. It was the perfect ending to a wonderful graduation party.my favorite cake always come for my birthday cake here for years!! 56 years my grandmother has been coming!On one of my birthdays, I made the inconvenient decision to buy myself not one, but TWO birthday cakes from here. I parked on Chestnut St. on a busy weekday afternoon and ordered my two favorite cakes, Hazelnut and Mocha.
Almost every year (until recently), my mom would come home on me and my sisters' birthdays with a cake from this pastry shop. The most common (and famous, I hear) is the Hazelnut cake. Here is a description from their website: "3 layers of Hazelnut sponge cake with vanilla buttercream covered in chocolate shavings." Sounds good, doesn't it? It contains two things that I'm a sucker for: vanilla + buttercream. 
The other one I've tried a few times and absolutely love is the Mocha Swiss Cake: "3 layers of Vanilla-almond sponge cake covered in mocha buttercreams covered in cashew nuts." This cake is absolute WIN. I love the cashews. 
They have other cakes with equally tasty descriptions that I have yet to try. Highly recommended.When we first moved into Philadelphia and I was exploring our general neighborhood surrounding Rittenhouse Square Park, I walked past Swiss Haus and wondered what this cute-looking bakery was like. The exterior is very stereotypically Old World, what I would expect to find in a (touristy) mountainous town in Europe. But it took me about...3 years?...to finally walk into this traditional bakery, that has been in CC longer that I first realized.
One reason I never walked in was because you can't see inside - and it makes a big difference to the average passerby to see what they may be walking into. The interior is incredibly nondescript and in stark contrast to the bright red exterior with its white trimming. It's also quite large, and if I recall correctly there are a few seats available for customers. The counter spans two sides, one length filled with their cookies and another countertop holding their mini pastries, cakes and cupcakes. I had perused the Yelp reviews at one point and had heard mixed things about their signature dessert cake, so instead of getting that I decided to go basic because if a bakery can't do simple, classic baked goods then there's a problem with everything else. I picked up a chocolate cupcake and several different cookies to share with my fiance after dinner that night.
I tried the chocolate cupcake first because I am the cupcake queen (according to fam and friends), and was instantly disappointed. The cupcake in general was kinda meh, a very light chocolate flavor to both cake and frosting, and the cake itself was not moist and very airy, like munching on foam. Next up came the cookies, which my fiance always has a strong opinion on:
Peanut butter cookie had a dry, sandy cookie texture of the traditional PB cookie type, but it barely tasted of peanut butter!
Chocolate chip cookie was very average, in general it was like what you can get from chain supermarkets like genuardis with a crisp, sandy-ish crunchy texture, but the cookie dough base is a total waste with no flavor (do they not use brown sugar?)
Chocolate dipped pecan cookie is delicious - they're good at making that sandy texture kind of cookie, and the pecan flavor is pronounced
Hazelnut chocolate sandwich cookie was also delish, very nutty, crunchy with a good amount of chocolate ganache at the center
Vanilla butter cookie with a white chocolate center and the chocolate butter cookie with a semisweet chocolate center were both tasty versions of the classic recipe
For most of the traditional cookies, Swiss Haus seems like a pretty good place to pick up a large assortment for parties and get togethers, but when it comes to their other baked goods...well, there sure are a lot of bakeries around CC where you can get your cake-fix.I'd just like to add that  Swiss Haus's butter cookies with the chocolate on top (either regular or white) are pretty damn good too. 
As an aside, I did try their famed hazelnut cake on a recent visit. The cake is a bit spongy and not all that sweet. Nothing at all exciting if you ask me. So take my advice and satisfy your sweet tooth with the cookies.THIS PLACE IS SO GOOD! The staff is super friendly as well.
This place has the most picture perfect, most mouth watering croissants and pastries. I usually eat butter with my croissants but I don't need to for the ones here - they are amazing on their own. I think I'm going to make this my go-to bakery. 
Suggestion: Blueberry strudelThis is a rare bakery where EVERYTHING is superb. A friends mom used to drive across tow to get cookies for her majong game. My 92 year old pop loves everything from here. Thanks guys. I am from California but I come here everytime I am in town.I had stopped in here previously for a cronut which they ended up not having. This time around we purchased a few things to sample. Hazelnut cake square was disappointingly lacking hazelnut flavor, and predominantly whipped cream. Chocolate peanut butter mousse cake was my favorite, the cake was moist and spongy, the peanut butter filling supple the ganache topping a nice thickness and texture which added to the dessert instead of overwhelm it. The old fashioned cake donut was dense and smothered in a white glaze, no real flavor really stood out. The sweet and salty cookie was very tasty, it kind of reminded me of a snickerdoodle meets pretzel meets shortbread.Was in need of a Cheese Cake last weekend. I stopped by 3 other bakeries and they all told me to check out Swiss Haus Bakery. I made my to the bakery, asked the associate if they had cheese cakes?  He said they needed to be orders but they do have cheese cake squares. I was in a rush and decided to go ahead and take 10 of them. Got to the party, opened the box and served them. Everyone at the party was blown away with how delicious they were. A few of them came back looking for crumbs at the bottom of the box.I purchased box of cookies and gifted to friend.  I haven't tried but my friend said kids loved them and literally had to pull them away from box before they finished them haha. They were picky eaters so I guess they do bake good cookies.Until recently, my company used to buy cakes for employee's birthdays. Trying to shy away from the sheet cake (a la Office Space), Swiss Haus became our staple location. I have tried an embarrassing number of cakes from here and let me tell you, they never disappoint. 
The staff is always very pleasant. One of the worst parts though is actually going to pick the cake up. The entire store smells amazing. The assortment of cookies, pastries, and cakes is enough to affect even the most sugar disciplined. It really takes a strong person to leave there with the initially ordered cake alone. Definitely worth keeping on the bakery radar.This is the bestest bakery in Philadelphia, the staff are great and the pastries are amazingly deliciously scrumptious. Best of all is their Iced Hot Chocolate, made by Juan, which is not a chocolate milk, it's a delicacy.Pastries, donuts, pies, and cakes...  OH MY!  They have weird hours, but amazing sweet treats of all varieties!  They are experts when it comes to chocolate ganache and unrivaled with their Bavarian Cream!  It has an old world charm and feels a little like a Chalet when you're looking at the entrance!  The staff is nice, but to the point!  Some of the best desserts in the city!Swiss Haus is the only place I know with a decent priced cupcake. At $1.25, it's a tastycake price without the cellophane packaging. Problem is that it's not that tasty. The cake is a bit dry, and the frosting is plain buttercream...and i mean plain!  I grew up eating the Swiss Pastry strawberry shortcakes and they were amazing! Unfortunately, the cake quality gone downhill since they switched ownership. The cake is a bit more dry and the cake to strawberries to cream ratio is not ideal. About 4:1:2. Gimme some strawberries!! 
Our office also gets a cake from there every few months for work anniversary/retirement parties, and so i've tried every flavor of cake and buttercream combo available. Nothing is amazing, but everything is priced like it is. And the cake is HEAVY in your stomach, not the feeling that you want on your birthday.I tried their almond horseshoe and a kind if croissants (i forget the name). Both of it were delicious. The bakery is quite big and they have sitting area. 
They are selling some good looking cookies that i might buy in the next visit. Price is fair and i got small ice coffee for 1$ when i checked in via yelpThe main reason my boyfriend and I visited Swiss Haus was because we heard about their cro-creme, the infamous mixed between the donut and croissant. It's a pretty big thing in NYC which was why we want to see Philly's version.
Be warned - they don't make the cro-cremes on weekends, so your best bet is going on weekdays and be sure to call ahead to make sure they didn't sell out. They had 3 flavors, each selling for $5 each. We had the chocolate and original. I have to say, it's quite good. It has the layers of a croissant with creme filling in the center. We had the chocolate right away and it was fantastic, just enough filling so it doesn't feel overwhelming. The original we had later that night which was a mistake, the outside of the cro-creme held itself really well but when we bit into it, there was a lump of creme, no layers are visible, and there was a lot of creme...looked more like a cross between a cream puff and donut.
Nonetheless, I would get it again and hopefully they will venture out and make more new flavors.I just want to say THANK YOU for the delicious Strawberry Short Cake!!! It was so moist and delicious. It definitely was the cherry topping to my sister's birthday lunch @ Parc. They delivered the cake to the restaurant for me and called to let me know it was delivered.  I can't wait to go and check out their other desserts!I have purchased cupcakes & specialty cakes from both locations (I must say the Old City location is much easier to navigate by car - easy parking and pick up of products) and although I can't say the same (at all !!) about the Rittenhouse location, i can say both make excellent products.
Usually a cake looks good but doesn't taste as good as it looks - in the case of Swiss Haus Bakery that is not so.
Their cakes look beautiful and taste wonderful (cupcakes included) and each time I serve them to a group of people EVERYONE comments about how wonderful they taste.
Best bakery in Philly!!Ordered a Cookie Monster cake from Swiss Haus for my son's 1st birthday. They couldn't be nicer and the cake was not only adorable but delicious!So happy to hear that you can get a cronut (or rather crocreme) in Philly.  I live in Chicago now, but you can bet that whenever I go home to visit family, I'll be at the Swiss Haus.  And I am sure that I when I make it back to the Swiss Haus, I'll try some of their other items.Very average, I just got 5 different kinds of goodies from this place and unfortunately they are all very average. You get these kinds of sweets on every corner. I was hoping for something special but I guess Swiss House is not the place.My husband bought my birthday cake here for my birthday last year. It was the one that came highly recommended. I have an out of control sweet tooth but I didn't finish my piece. Disappointing, especially for how much he paid.I have a major sweet tooth and take my desserts seriously. The cakes here are amazing. I have been to all the "famous" philly places and have to say that this Gem of a bakery takes the cake. I won't go anywhere else.Love this bakery!  Consistently good quality.  We love the rum cake with lots of nuts.  We are never disappointed here.  Excellent bakery!My, oh my do I love this wonderful gem. Two words get my motor racing boys. Rum Cake, and they have a helluva good one.It's not everyday that I find a Swiss pastry shop (even in NYC), so I couldn't resist picking up a box of cookies from SwissHaus. Ever since my visit to Switzerland, I've been on a hunt for hazelnut+raspberry jam cookies, the name of which I've forgotten...no, they're not linzertortes, and while SwissHaus didn't have them, I picked up a few similar cookies. 
Love that the cookies are bite size - they're perfect for snacking on trips or on the go. Honestly, there's nothing AMAZING about them, but I do like the round sandwich-ish ones with raspberry jam inside. A box of cookies last a week, so plenty of munching to savor.
A few of the others: Mexican wedding/Russian tea cookies, Chinese cookies, snickerdoodle with chocolate bell-shaped cookies, Christmas sugar cookies, etc. 
3.5 starsYUM- these pastries were amazing!!! I will definitely be back. Every item i got was unique and enjoyed by me and my coworkers. The employees were not the friendliest people to be working in a bakery, but the pastries speak for themselvesThis place hasn't disappointed me yet. I've been to both locations in center city and love the goods and appreciate the friendliness of the staff. I usually get either a croissant or carrot cake - I love sweet cream cheese toppings. The croissant is always buttery and fluffy; I only eat it when it's warm. 
This place is pricey - croissant $2.50 and the slice of carrot cake is $3.99. I rarely buy both at the same time only one. But I plan to buy both and even the $5 red velvet cup cake on my birthday in June. I'm saving my pennies!Was in need of a Cheese Cake last weekend. I stopped by 3 other bakeries and they all told me to check out Swiss Haus Bakery. I made my to the bakery, asked the associate if they had cheese cakes?  He said they needed to be orders but they do have cheese cake squares. I was in a rush and decided to go ahead and take 10 of them. Got to the party, opened the box and served them. Everyone at the party was blown away with how delicious they were. A few of them came back looking for crumbs at the bottom of the box.I LOVE swiss haus!! My family had been going here for over 20 years to get their strawberry shortcake for special occasions. Everyone always looks forward to the cake.  The customer service is also very good, they're nice! However the with the last cake that I ordered, the strawberries were pretty small, making the cake look less extraordinary.The items here were alright. I wasn't impressed by anything honestly. Some of the items such as the cannoli lacked that crunch that you normally expect and didn't taste as fresh. The cream was good though.This review is for the chocolate eclairs.  Shockingly large so you just need one to split.  So delicious.  The best eclairs I've ever tasted.  Real custard pudding on the inside.  Light and airy.  Not too much chocolate.  Absolutely perfect.I just popped in here to get a cupcake for a friends birthday, and was pleasantly surprised to find a fun eagles cupcake, which my friend loved!! They have giant cupcakes which are delicious! I wish they had more variety of regular cupcakes and small chocolate treats, because everything they do have is delicious. The employees are very friendly and greet you as you walk in and are very patient and willing to give suggestions.We used Swiss Haus for our wedding cake. Thank you guys for doing a fantastic job! Everyone loved the icing so much! I also always order Swiss Haus for my boss's birthday because she loves it. Definitely the best of the best. My husband and I just moved to the area a couple years ago. All friends and family were commenting about how good the cake was. We let them know we chose the hottest place in Philly to order our cake! Thank you again!A cute place to have some really delicious desserts! The portion is pretty big and one piece of item is pretty much enough. I bought the clichy ($5.75) and the red velvet cupcake ($5). One minor thing was their slow service but it was fine.A little disappointed.  My first cake order, it was mixed up and instead of cashews on the cake, I received choc sprinkles.  They offered a discount which made me happy.  Unfortunately, on the second cake, they forgot to imbibe the cake with any simple syrup/coffee flavoring.  It was so darn dry that when I brought it up for our thanksgiving celebration, it promptly went into the trash.  I could see how the mocha/cashew cake could be wonderful, if only I could get one that happens to work.After I have read so many positive reviews plus my friend's recommendation, I decided to buy their chocolate hazelnut cake as my friend's birthday cake. The cake was quite good though, the cream, the chocolate on the top, and the vanilla cream inside was really tasty. However, the sponge cake part tasted a little too hard (and dry). I don't think the sponge supposed to be like this. It should be soft and smooth. I wonder if anyone has the same experience like me? Or many I bought the one wasn't fresh?I was not a fan of Swiss Haus.  I had heard they had good variety, but I've been twice now and am always underwhelmed by their selection.  Their hommentashen was very light on filly and high on dough.  Their sugar cookies were a bit bland (lol what else is new?).  I was not a fan of their cronut - I just feel like they overloaded it with sugar to hide the lack of substance.  I'd much rather walk to Metropolitan Bakery for their amazing brownies and not waste my money (or time in looking at lots of unimpressive treats) at Swiss Haus.  It's too bad - I had high hopes!They can be a little grumpy up front, but that's only because they're making badass baked goods all morning long! I've had the croissant donut before and was a huge fan. Looking forward to trying their macaroons later tonight.
Make sure to order special stuff in advance.Amazing!!!! Huge huge fan of the red velvet cupcakes and the croissants!
Also, the employees are so sweet :)Delicious cakes. Ordered one for a birthday, and everyone enjoyed it. Seemed a little expensive, but probably worth it to ensure a great cake.What if I told you that Swiss Haus has a cake that is so light that even your sharpest knife will have a hard time not making a mess of it. What if I told you that... that the cake is so light that you could take five bites... and it won't even feel like you took one bite! I ate a slice and it was gone so fast I thought, "what just happened!?" I ate another slice and it was gone so fast it was like deja vu... like I've been here before. 
I needed something... anything... to understand that it was real. I took the cleaver (yeah I cut my cakes with a cleaver) and I scraped the icing off the tray and I licked it off the knife like a savage (don't tell anybody I do that) and it just dissolved on my tongue instantly. This is a sophisticated, upper echelon, grown and sexy, smooth criminal, special snowflake of a cake if I've ever had one. They call it the "Sacher" ...the Sacher Cake. I loved it. Absolutely. It's not even the best cake I've ever had, but it's an evolution. It's on a refined level-- a true indulgence-- a work of art. They have these available everyday. I can't believe it has taken me this long to try it. This is a "me" cake... for those times when you're just looking out for number one.I can't explain how delicious the cakes are from this place. I remember and have pictures of when i was a kid maybe like 5 yrs old my first HUGE cake my parents bought me was the Mocha cake. I LOVE it. I can say I grew up eating Swiss Haus cake. Almost every year for my birthday I beg my parents to get me the Swiss cake not knowing the name of the place when I was a kid. Now, When I am downtown I feel the need to go there to get a cake if not a whole cake I will get the single serve slice of cake and different variety which I love as well. I love the hazelnut cake, rum cake, mocha cake. I also tried the slice of tiramisu and strawberry shortcake. I love it. The cake is moist and the cream is not heavy and sweet like other bakeries. It was just perfect in my taste. You pay for what you get. My cousin is hooked on the mocha cake as well and she is from Atlantic City. When she comes to philly she always stop by Swiss Haus for the mocha cake and would buy me the mocha log cake too. I am a returning customer and will be as long as they stay open.My mom LOVES the Mocha Cake with cashew nuts so I got her it for her a 7" one for birthday and although it took her a few days, she did finish it (which is VERY RARE!)
I also got my brother a Rocky Road Brownie that he liked.Way too over priced! Almost $5 for a dry cupcake. The quality of all their baked goods is completely mediocre. There is no balance of flavor. I usually get there around 3 o'clock and there's not all that much left by that time. I have been disappointed each time that I have given this place a shot. I cannot fathom how this place has been given 4-5 stars. I assume the positive reviews are from people who are not from the city and have never enjoyed a quality neighborhood bakery. Not only am I dissatisfied by their products, each of the 4 times that I have visited this place which I had so much hope for, the staff has been rude and cold towards me. Each time acting as if it was a burden to answer my questions when I was simply asking what a certain pastry was. I'm sorry that you dislike your job but don't take it out on the customer.This review is based strictly on performance and  word of mouth. I ordered a Birthday cake to be delivered to my daughter at her work. This is the first birthday she has been away from home since moving across country a few months ago. They delivered it by the arranged time, it was decorated beautifully, and I was told it smelled and tasted delicious. Thanks again Swiss Haus Bakery for helping this mom and dad make their baby girl feel special.Review is only for the CRONUT!!!
My boyfriend bought the cronuts for the two of us to try and they were absolutely perfect.  They kept overnight and tasted just as good the next day.
The reason I can only give 3 stars is because of the actual process of getting the cronuts.  Online it says you can call the day before and reserve 2 but when my boyfriend called they said they were only doing walk ins the next day.  Then when he got there, they said he could have called the day before but would have needed to order at least three?
Make sure you arrive right at 10 AM to get these! They only make about 5 batches a day and sell out super quick!I stopped by this bakery to pick up a few desserts, and I was pretty impressed. They have a nice selection of pastries, cakes, and cookies. I decided on the Oreo stuffed chocolate cupcake and the devil's food chocolate mousse cake. I thought the cupcake was a little dry and had too much icing in the icing:cake ratio, but I did enjoy the Oreo baked into the bottom of the cake. The chocolate mousse cake was absolutely delicious. The chocolate was decadent and smooth. I definitely recommending sharing, as both of these desserts were very rich! The staff is friendly and helpful if you need suggestions. I will definitely be back for more sweets!I have had their German Chocolate cake, as well as cannolis, which I find delicious, but this time around, I was unimpressed. I was searching on Ritual and found that they partner with them (so I could order online). I originally ordered a hot chocolate with 2% milk, a chocolate muffin, and a chocolate chip brownie. About two minutes into my order, I noticed on my computer screen that it stated my order was cancelled, because there was no 2% milk. I decided I would just go to the store and change the milk (perhaps do swim or almond milk). When I arrived at the store, the employee was SUPER nice (this is the reason why I gave this visit three stars and not two). He told me that they cancelled the order because they did not have two out of the three products that I wanted, and that there was no way to contact me. (Does Ritual not provide the contact number of the customer in the event something is out of stock??) I asked if I could have the hot chocolate with skim milk and the employee said that the only kind of milk they had was whole milk (which was fine, I still requested him to make it for me). As for food, I just stuck with getting a brownie (on the website, they listed multiple types of brownies, and I originally wanted the "chocolate chip brownie" but I got a regular brownie with chocolate icing on top and sprinkles). The employee told me to put it through on Ritual again (since the first order never went through). I did not have the app on my phone, and had to do it through the phone internet browser (which thankfully loaded up quickly). Once I refreshed the page, I saw that they did update it with saying there was no 2% milk left in stock. Now let's talk about the taste of these products. Since the hot chocolate was made with whole milk instead of 2% or skim milk, I was expecting it to have a more richer/thicker taste. Instead, my hot chocolate was barely warm (almost room temperature??) and only had a small hint of chocolate. It tasted like I was drinking watery milk. I can't imagine if I had the skim milk what my hot chocolate would have tasted like if I had less thickness. As for the brownie, I wasn't a huge fan of it. I did not enjoy the consistency of the brownie, and would have preferred the icing to be more fudgy. All in all, the employee was really nice about the whole thing, and hence why I gave an extra star.When I was growing up, I remember every year on my brother and i's birthday we always have our bday cakes frm Swiss Haus. 8 yrs continually and it stop. College came and now I started ordering my bday cakes last year. 
What I discovered today while taking a piece of cake. I got disappointed because of the amount of the buttercream vs the sponge cake layered through the cake. 
Is that how it is now?? I wished they only smeared it through the cake. 
I hope it will change because I truly love swiss haus.
 Also I also bought cronut, good job on that pastry however I prefer mines without the pastry cream!!I've driven by here many times & wanted to stop but parking is horrible in the area. Well one day the stars aligned & I happen to be driving by and there was a spot right across from here. I stopped in & picked a few treats. I really wanted to try a Napoleon for the 1st time but was told they're only made on Fridays. I tried some kind of pear tart which was absolutely divine along with some other treats. Will def be back!!!In response to my last (very negative) review of Swiss Haus I received an offline message from the owner apologizing for my experience, explaining that the sponge cake in the hazelnut cake is not particularly moist, and asking if I would be willing to try something else. The message was politely written and much appreciated. Josh suggested I try the chocolate marjolaine, which I did. It was good, but it wasn't cake - it was layers of mousse between kind of crispy nutty layers. Given that I really did want cake, I went back on my own and tried the carrot cake, which I think is truly the test of a good, moist cake. It was... fine.  The cake was moist, but could have had more spice in my opinion. The frosting was kind of meh, and cream cheese frosting should be the highlight. 
I'm updating my rating because (a) I appreciate the owner's attention to the experience of his customers, (b) I do think Swiss Haus employees could guide customers to a pastry that would meet their desires, and (c) the additional two pastries I tried were a huge step above the hazelnut cake (again, IMHO). I do want to try a cro-creme at some point, so I will be making another stop in.Very glad I discovered this hidden gem this morning.  I came looking for donuts, but ultimately, I found myself...
Anyway, there were no donuts.  I did end up getting a peanut butter brownie (fudgy, moist, peanut buttery), a pecan tart (delicious), and an espresso cookie (very high quality chocolate cookie with massive chunks in it).  This is one of the many newer Philly bakeries worth a visit.  Next time I come, I hope they have donuts!I don't see what the appeal is with these cakes. My husband, and some of his family, and all of his friends think this is the best place for cakes. Their icing is delicious, but it's their cake that is the problem. It's always so very dry. I think getting a cake from a regular supermarket would be better than the cakes here any day."Bad Customer Service" to "Will give it one more chance"
I have edited my review and heading above giving one extra star only because Josh took efforts to read my review below, apologized for the bad customer experience I had with the co staff and I appreciate the efforts. Again no doubts that the flavors I tried here were good taste but only hoping that there are more people serving there like Josh and not like the costaff I had an unpleasant experience with. 
My experience: 
Full points for the delicious taste of cake minus the customer service I got. Before I write about what I did not like let me tell you that the cakes taste amazing and I have tried multiple flavors and I just love it.
Let me start from the beginning - I went here to place an order for customized cake and the Lady staff told me oh you need to email on this id and then only place the order. I cannot tell you the exact cost etc...So I emailed the cake I wanted to order and the reply I got on that was that ya come over anytime to the shop and you can place the order. I had to visit twice to the bakery which was not necessary only if that LADY STAFF would have given me quotes that time itself as I knew what flavor and customization I was looking for.
Second I did not know the difference between printed vs drawing customization, I was told it is not much difference and since drawing had additional $10(apart from $20 already paying), I decided to go with printed. I was shown a few pictures there by another GUY STAFF and the printed cakes did look very nice and close to hand drawn. I was convinced and I ordered for it to this Another STAFF. However when I went to collect the cake and saw it, I was disappointed as it looked like someone just printed the logos and stuck it on the cake. I ordered this customized (Broncos, Sriracha logo Cafe Mocha) cake. Also, I had asked for big Broncos logo to be in center and sriracha on up left corner. Both the logos were on the top and a big happy bday in center. While I expressed my disappointment to the LADY STAFF(I believe it was same lady I mentioned earlier), her immediate reaction was 'I did not take your order.' Woah..I am just expressing my disappointment, I paid $20 extra for customization and this just looked like a print page copy pasted. Also, doesn't matter who took the order, isn't it the staff responsibility for the entire cake shop or is it 1-on-1. I was very polite and I never asked for a refund or anything I just said 'I know nothing can be changed but I am disappointed with the looks of cake and also the logos were not as I asked for. She said that this is the biggest logo can get on such a cake.' Well I wasn't told about it when I placed the order. You need to tell me that when I was placing the order and not after I recieved it. She was rude and I just did not like her attitude..not at all a TEAM PLAYER. I don't know her name but I would say the reason I would not like to go here again is only because this LADY STAFF. I did ask if this printed logos were edible and she said Yes but honestly when I tried to cut the cake, it just wouldn't cut and came out like a paper to throw. Definitely not worth the extra $20 you pay for customization and besides it was a very special bday which was kind of disappoint as the cake was not upto the expectation.A generous co-worker bought a huge Mocha cake with rich, delicious buttercream frosting on it and we each had a slice.  HEAVENLY.The raspberry pecan croissant is delectable! Their coffee and service is also quite good. I will definitely be returning.Their butter cookies are absolutely delicious. We particularly love the chocolate chip cookies.Visiting from out of town this week, I needed a hit of sugar to keep me going on my shopping spree in Rittenhouse Square, the nicest place by far in the city center.  This unassuming bakery, nestled in this area, is rather deceiving considering what awaits you inside. As soon I entered the sweet smell of fresh baking hit me and I immediately wanted to raid all the numerous trays of cookies on offer. Composing myself, I decided to go for the Strawberry Shortcake which is the main reason I had to write a review. I haven't enjoyed anything like this for ages, it tasted just like home-made, fresh baked cake that your mom would make for you when you were a kid. The sponge was so light, the whipped cream sweet but not sickly and the fresh strawberries full of flavor. It was heavenly and every mouthful was pure pleasure. Sooo good, yum. I know where I'll be coming the next time I'm in Philly, straight to the Swiss Haus bakery!Their cakes are the best in Philly. My favorite is the strawberry short cake. Generally speaking all their cakes are so delicious and the quality never change! Keep it up Swiss Haus bakeryI love everything they make! 
My husband goes there so often for their carrot cake that they should name something after him :P
I do wish for more variety of cakes but that is only because I have tried all the existing ones. Keep it up!!I can't comment on the quality of Swiss Haus' actual products, because my experience trying to order from them was so bad that I'll go out of my way never to buy from them ever.  Here's what happened:
I had a birthday party on Sunday, and their website said they need 48 hours to make a cake, so I went online Friday to get the phone number and noticed that they offer online ordering.  So I clicked through to EAT24, and ordered a cake.  Hours later I had a voicemail from EAT24 telling me to call them back or reply to the text message they were going to send me.  So I waited for a text, and it never came.
The next day (Saturday) I received another phone call (at 7AM) telling me that they canceled my order.  Um, what?  So I called the bakery and said I need to order a cake, and a very curt bordering on rude woman told me that they needed 48 hours to make a cake and, sorry.  So, I wound up scrambling to find a place to make me a cake, since Swiss Haus can't seem to handle the online ordering that they prominently feature on their website.  In the immortal words of Liz Lemon, "these guys can eat my poo."Amazing hot chocolate and the baked goods were absolutely delicious. They have traditional Swiss desserts along with the popular ones. Their cookies are a MUST.My fianc and I have been looking to get to NYC for the cronut craze, but simply haven't had the time to do so.  Today, while in philly picking something up, I decided to find a bakery that did their own version of the hybrid treat.  I found Swiss Haus and was delighted to see not only were they not sold out of cro-cremes, but had 3 flavors to choose from...vanilla, chocolate, and coffee! I got one of each so we could try all the flavors.  And well...let's just say they didn't last very long.  These Cronuts, Cro-cremes, or whatever you want to call it are one of the best, if not the best, desert foods we've ever eaten.  Thanks Swiss Haus for making such a delectable treat, we are going to become frequent customers just for this!Came into Swiss Haus and had the lemon vanilla coconut cake and OMGGGGGG it was probably the most amazing thing that ever entered my mouth!  It was light and breezy like a spring gust of wind.  Divine!  Not heavy on the coconut and just a hint of lemon zest. Today, I couldn't help but enter Swiss Haus again to try another one of their tasty lil treats.  I had the chocolate rasberry torte...a little heavier than the vanilla coconut cake, but excellent as well.  I believe there were three layers of wonderfully creamy rasberry icing with chocolate cake.  superb!   The manager, Josh, was delightfully helpful.  Thank you!Amended review: I had initially left a review about a poor experience with service; however I can now say that Josh (the owner) proved that Swiss Haus truly cares about the customer and to top it off, has amazing cakes. He responded to my review with an apology and explanation and personally invited me back to rectify things. I took him up on this and not only did he give me great service, but now that I've tasted the red velvet cake I can absolutely vouch that it was fantastic. I even went right ahead and ordered a cake for my upcoming anniversary. Thank you josh and will certainly be coming again!3 stars for service/hours/ambiance but 5 stars for all the dessert's i've tried. 
Their cakes are among the best in the city. Even though they do not look as sophisticated in terms of decoration, they taste wonderful.  I had ordered a strawberry shortcake (with whipped cream, vanilla cake and strawberries) for a friends birthday get-together, and it was devoured immediately while a beautiful chocolate gold garnished cake from Miel stood next to it...remaining beautiful and uneaten past one slice.  However, for larger cakes, you do need to give them advanced notice and they're hours are in general a pain...till 6 m-f and 4 on satudays, closed sundays.  
For more individually sized treats, their frangipane and horseshoe cookies are both deliciously almondy...although i always stick with these tried and true favorites, they have rows of all kinds of shortbread and more traditional cookies.
They seem to have added some seating and tables recently, but the staff exactly stuck me as welcoming or friendly enough that I would stick around.The staff at this place is down right rude.  I saw a woman today bark at this older man to wait she was helping someone else. It's been a long time since i have seen such poor customer service. The friend i went with said she has gone here for a long time and never saw them like this but was also socked by the behavior.
I don't care if the cookies are good i won't go anywhere that treats people so poorly.The almond croissant is the best. I usually not lucky enough to get it late on Saturday even around 11 am. You can call ahead to reserve it. 
Clichy and marjoline are my other favorites. Very light and crispy layers of nut pastries.
The cake looks amazing.
You can get cookies sold by pound.We got the Sacher Cake for my fiance's birthday which is a chocolate sponge with chocolate buttercream. The sponge was unfortunately very dry, and the buttercream was mediocre. Such a disappointment since this bakery has such good reviews. Hopefully their cookies and pastries are better. I will say, the customer service was really excellent!Leftover cakes and pastry being sold. Had a lemon cake, dry on the outside from days old. Waisted $5.00
Tasted like overloaded sugar. going in trash.
Ended up going to next door Starbucks to have fresher cookies and coffee.It doesn't look like much from the outside, but this place is a haven for cookie lovers. No shame in the game here. Monster away!
You can pick out any assortment of cookies you want and pay by weight. Feeling like two peanut butter and five rugelach today? It's possible. On my last trip, I walked out with a bag of eight cookies for a little over $4.
The staff is very friendly. The cookies are fresh and tasty. They sell delicious coffee. And there's a large selection of other baked goods in case you feel like diversifying your sweet tooth experience. I haven't tried anything but the cookies yet, so can't speak to the quality of the other treats on display.I'm a pastry fiend and I lived in Switzerland for a great part of my life. Yet I have not spotted any product here that comes even close to what pastries are like in Switzerland. I wonder if the people who run this place have ever tasted a Swiss pastry - or if they have - whether they even had the aptitude to perceive its distinctive qualities. 
While I've had a bite of a decent (albeit super dry) layered cake from this bakery, pastry arts are a pretty big deal in Switzerland, and I find it misleading to consumers to have "Swiss" in the name of a bakery whose offerings are as "un-Swiss" in every way as can possibly be. 
That being said, the misleading name could be ignored if this bakery had some strong redeeming qualities. Unfortunately, I find it hard to think of any. The common theme among many reviewers is that the cakes tend to be dry - which means they either aren't made properly, or they've been sitting on the shelves for too long. 
The quality falls far short of that of even the most mediocre amateur patisseries in Europe (and perhaps even Philly) in terms of appearance, taste, and ingredient quality. These people make beginner-level pastry students at the Restaurant school look like master pastry chefs, by offering lopsided unimpressive looking cakes that lack any artistic sophistication in taste, texture, and overall composition. 
The cro-creme is interesting, so I'll give a star for offering something that you might not easily find anywhere else in Philly. However, that star is immediately taken away by the fact that this item drips in grease and is exceptionally dry despite its cream filling and greasiness. (FYI - for much tastier versions, go to NYC.) 
Another redeemable area could be service, but this establishment again falls short of reasonable expectations. I came here on a slow morning to order a croissant before heading into my office. There were 2 workers and one lady in line, who was placing an order for multiple pastries. 
After waiting patiently for 5 minutes while the 2 workers made no acknowledgment of my presence, I gently asked one of the girls to help me get a croissant. I was in a bit of a hurry and only needed one item. 
As someone who once worked in places (from busy pizza shops to high volume fine dining) where I easily took care of 5 customers simultaneously while offering eager and cheerful service to everybody, I did not see any reason for the worker at this counter to give me a dirty look and throw me a dried up croissant without saying anything. I've experienced much better service from Wendy's. (Granted, I've been to Wendy's only once in the last 4 years, so I am open to the possibility that Wendy's level of service is either better or the same.)
The high pricing is definitely not justified, given the quality. When I think of this place, I think of pretentiousness and blatant disrespect for the beautiful art of pastry-making, particularly Swiss pastry-making. If this place was called "The Mediocre Not-at-All-Swiss Haus Bakery," I might add a few stars for honest self-reflection.I really wanted to try a Cronut but I didn't see any. Got the hazelnut cream cake and a cherry cheesecake. Truthfully, the hazelnut cake was good but it wasn't amazing. Lots of cream and loved the chocolate slivers but it wasn't very substantial. Mostly just airy cream. The cherry cheesecake on the other hand was delightful.Super friendly staff who explained the baked goods clearly and patiently.
The almond croissant is the best. It's huge and loaded with almond paste.I was looking for a quick sweet treat and decided to get a German apple muffin from this bakery. The muffin was great and their cookie selection was tempting but I managed to leave without getting anything else.Okay, here's a tip for Philadelphians.  Whenever someone says "Swiss Haus", you say "Apple Turnover."  That's easy...right?   "Swiss Haus.....Apple Turnover."  And the reason is because Swiss Haus Bakery in Center City Philly has the best apple turnovers around. Though there are many other tasty concoctions at this traditional pastry shop in the Rittenhouse Square neighborhood (it's been a fixture in Center City for more than 85 years), make sure you always at least order an apple turnover when you stop in Swiss Haus Bakery.  You can add a beverage and eat it at one of their tables or take it with you.  Cheers..... 
btw - the "Almond Horseshoes" are highly recommended as well!This is my favorite bakery in Philadelphia. They have a wonderful assortment of cookies and cakes, all reasonably priced. The service is also friendly and very good. Today, after first stopping by Miel and being ignored even though the two employees there weren't waiting on any other customers, I decided to go to Swiss Haus and was reminded why I prefer to go there, where the pastries are equally good and you're actually greeted by staff.They probably don't need my 5-star review but this place is on point and so consistent! I stop here for assorted baked goods when heading to a brunch or breakfast, and can always count on their DELICIOUS ready-made cakes. Today, got a 7" mocha cake for $25 (amazing). Got so many compliments - so fluffy, light and BEAUTIFUL. Icing was not too sweet. Cashew-crusted made it extra pretty and so tasty. People were fighting for the leftovers. Thanks for always making me look like I know what I'm doing, Swiss Haus.We wandered in on our way to a party where the designated dessert person had deserted. It was our birthdays (two days apart), so we decided we deserved a birthday cake.  The hazelnut cake sounded perfect, we plunked down quite a bit of cash and walked out.  WHAT A DISAPPOINTMENT.  We were expecting Nutella-esque deliciousness, a moist cake and yummy frosting... we got a dry flavorless mess.  Will not go back.