Excellent, fun & yummy!  If you go at night check out the special swirling light logo at the bottom of steos at the entrance.Service was amazing and I really enjoyed the crepe. Came here after lunch and I actually should have come before bc I definitely overdid it on my stomach. Lol. 
I originally ordered the matcha chocolate truffle but read closer to the menu and decided to change it if they haven't made it yet. I really wanted ice cream. They were more than happy to obliged and only charged me the difference. I ended up going with the matcha azuki bean. It was really good, but I felt they were a lil bit heavy on the creme. I think I should have stuck with my original choice because the ice cream on top of cream made it feel heavy. But, I did really enjoy the toppings and crepe. The crepe was crispy yet soft and has a great flavor.
I'm definitely craving some now. Are they open at 730am?? LolSome of the best dessert I've had in ages! I had the Caramel Fuji Apple sweet crepe and I'd drive from West Chester to Chinatown in Philadelphia just to get another one. I'd passed by this beautiful store quite a few times and I'm glad we finally stopped in. 
They have a repeat customer in us.QUICK POINTERS
* Free WiFi
* Cash Only
* Considerable menu [1]
* Comparable to Eight Turn Crepes (New York) [2]
FOOD (experience)
* Chocolate Nut Party [3] [4]
OVERALL
T-Swirl Crepe makes for an awesome rest stop in the city! If you're not feeling all too hungry, order a smoothie. If you're feeling content, order a berry crepe, If you're feeling a little grumble coming up anytime soon, order a savory rib crepe. Point is, there is something for everyone in the group. Decent amount of seating; front and back rooms. Pricing is reasonable and affordable (nothing over $10 unless you're including additional filling) for a small bite that is a little more satisfying than a smoothie drink.
1-star for a satisfying crepe, 1-star for atmosphere, 1-star for location, 1-star for food overall (menu + pricing), and 1-star for cool service (they offer games for groups or kids to play with while waiting). They satisfy a lot of the criteria for a perfect snack stop. Service could be better, but pretty typical in the China Town area. Definitely worth checking out.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
[1] Selection of smoothie drinks, and crepes; reasonable pricing compared to a lot of other Japanese crepe joints
[2] PROS: more space, cheaper pricing (Chocolate Nut Party Price @ E.T.C. = $9.50 and @ T.S.C. = $7.50), and free wifi // CONS: Slightly less fresh
[3] Almond, crushed pistachio, chocolate ice cream (gelato), chocolate truffles, chocolate sauce, whipped yogurt, chocolate custard cream, chocolate pearl, and chocolate Pocky
[4] Perfect satisfaction for chocolate lovers! My ice cream scoop may look a bit smaller than what it initially was when they handed the crepe to me because of the time I spent trying to get a decent picture showcasing it's beauty, working with one hand to capture it without my other hand being awkwardly angled. Nice amount of each filling, Any more and you probably won't be a chocolate lover much more by the time you finish it ha.THIS PLACE IS SO GOOD. I AM SCREAMING AS I WRITE THIS REVIEW.
I always get the caramel fuji apple crepe and it makes me believe in God even though I'm an atheist.I don't get it. The mixture of flavors and the crispy texture of the sweet crepe weren't what I think makes good crepe. And you can't build your own crepe. To each their own. but it sucks you can't build your own crepe cause sometimes people don't like the flavor combos that are provided. Couldn't finish it after the cream cheese overpowered everything and there's not even that much ingredient inside the crepe. Might as well make shitty crepes at home, same thang.Very good quality crepes but the price too me is too high, and the layout of the restaurant is odd. This is like too big to be a snack too small to be a meal ugh.OMG you must must MUST get the Matcha Azuki Bean sweet Crêpe!!!! Truly a life changing experience. The Crêpe is just the right amount of crispy and it's GLUTEN-FREE (can you even believe it???). Flavor is rich and creamy, and I topped it all off with a scoop of green tea ice cream. An explosion of flavors with the red beans too. Can't wait to get my next oneI love going here, they make the most prettiest crepes! If you are scared of trying out rice crepes, dont! It doesn't taste any different, i love the crispy texture it gives!Fantastic dessert place with a variety of flavors. Service was really fast and the location is cute but not too over the top.I had to stop here after leaving my favorite Dim Sum spot. The store front has an amazing display of crepes. I was too full to have a crepe but I did get a mango bubble tea. It was delicious and the tapioca was perfect. They even give a decent amount of tapioca. The sitting area in the front is quite nice. There are a few games that you can play if you cone to hang out. It's very comfortable and they have a water station as well. I can't wait to return to try a crepe. They look amazing.First time reviewing! This place was very nice. It gives off a wood cabin aesthetic. I ordered the chocolate nut party and the matcha chocolate truffles for a friend at the same time. It took less than 10 minutes to make them both. It was super quick. Having a group of friends were okay because there was space near the front of this place for multiple seats. I will probably go back again to try the savory crepes.UGH T-SWIRL
You are the goddess of chinatown. Just perfect. The perfect size, sweetness, and variety of flavors. Seriously, this is the best dessert crepe I have ever had. The toppings make this place a pure standout (and the way you eat the crepe is pretty fun :))I specifically made an account to tell my experience about this place. I was really excited when this place finally open.  Unfortunately, my experience there was not the best. Since the interior is a newly reconstructed, the inside smell was not the best. It smell like the wood shop mixed with chemical. And the worst part was that I was in there for only one minute and I got quite sick, so I couldn't really enjoy my crepes afterward (which I only took two bite out of it). I definitely recommend the store to go to Bath and Body Works to purchase air fresheners so the smell can lighten up. Nevertheless, the interior design was definitely very pretty and I got to admit I really like how it looks. It looks like a great place to hang out with your friends and have a long chat while relaxing.
The lychee romantic crepe overall was not all that great. It's best to eat it asap upon receiving it, but overall it was too sweet for my taste. The only thing I like was that the crepes was made fresh and clean. I didn't go during the rush hours so it was made fairly quick.
Last of all, the customer service. I read the other reviews before going there. Most of the reviews states that they have good customer service but when I was there the person dealing with me was putting other customer before me (even though I was there first and I definitely did not get the first come first serve experience). In the middle of helping and talking to me the person would also help other customers.
P.S.: I would not go there anytime soon, but I would give them a second chance since not every first impression is the best. Hopefully by the time I go there the place would smell a lot better.Since this place just opened up I wanted to check it out. When I first came here with friends I didn't order anything. I liked the decor but I could not get over the paint smell.
Just came tonight and lo and behold, the smell still lingers.
We were greeted "hello" & "welcome" the moment we walked in, which is a great sign.
Stared at the menu for a minute and then made my order. Cashier was friendly and professional.
I got the strawberry banana crepe: Slice strawberries, slice bananas, custard cream, whipped yogurt, chocolate pearls, pistachios. It was better than I expected but not the best I've had. Given the price of the crepe, it's not enough to fill you up so I don't see myself frequenting here.Stopped by to get a dessert and funny story, my mom after looking at the front displays of the crepes thought they were ice cream cones and so she went to the register and asked for strawberry banana ice cream . 
We got the strawberry banana crepe and it was pretty good. The crepe was crispy and there was fruit throughout the entire dessert so every bite had fruit in it. They also put some chocopops onto the top which gave for a nice bite of chocolate among the fruit. 
I wish more of the fruit options came with gelato included though. Overall satisfied but probably isn't a dessert i would craveeThis is definitely something different & I recommend both tourist & locals to try this place atleast onceI had seen a few posts online about this place and they looked amazing. I happen to be around Chinatown today and figured I could quickly pick up something to try. I had originally wanted to try their sweet crepes. It was around lunchtime so we changed our minds to the savory side of the menu. First impression of the restaurant was good. The decor was simple but had a cool modern vibe. The music was a bit too loud though. They do not have menus on the walls, you had to pick up a menu from the counter. There were a few tables with people waiting for their order. There was a lot of people in the kitchen but mainly 2-3 people actually doing something. They had 3 stations to fill up the crepes but I saw only one girl rolling. Another girl was cooking the crepes. We decided on the chicken teriyaki and the blt. It came up to $16.20. I don't know the going prices for crepes as this was my first time eating at a place like this. It was about 12:18 pm when we ordered. We did not get our complete order until 12:53. I saw dessert crepes orders being made but the savory ones were taking quite a long time. Why are there so many people in the kitchen not helping the orders go out quicker?? The cashier called out chicken teriyaki about 10-15 later and I walked up and asked if that was part of my order. She asked me did I also order the shrimp and avocado crepe. I said no. She looked at me and asked me what I had ordered. Seriously? You just took my order. We made eye contact a few times when I was waiting. She asked for my receipt because my order was definitely not laid out with the others. I reminded her what I ordered and she had to go back into the system to check. It was there and then she put my order in to the kitchen. No apology or anything. I figured ok she will have them expedite my order since she made the mistake. Oh but she did not. I just could not wait anymore. I asked her if it was possible for me to just get refunded for the blt and I will just take the chicken teriyaki crepe. She replied they are making it now. I looked over and no they are not. I replied I can't wait any longer, I have to get to work. She pretty much turned away and another girl came up to me asking me what's wrong. I explained to her what had happen. She said the same thing the cashier said, it's being made now. Totally lied to my face because she walked away from me and went to the crepe roller and told her something. The roller pushed aside what she was working on and pulled a new crepe to work on. NOW she's working on it. I'm staring at them and clearly they are rushing. I thought to myself, these better be the best freaking crepes ever! The chicken teriyaki crepe was def lacking as it was cold from just sitting there. It was actually kinda bland, the teriyaki was very subtle. It might have been good if it was at least warm. The blt was much better as it was "fresh". It def had more flavor. I get it, they are new. The crepe roller was still using the menu to see what ingredients went into each one. I still want to try their sweet crepes but I will not be making that trip anytime soon.I think this place is very cool and I enjoy their crepes a snack/lunch. Wether I have a sweet tooth or feeling something savory they've got it all. And they're Gluten Free!!!!!!!The sweet crepes are phenomenal! The chocolate melts in your mouth with each bite. The crepe itself has a satisfying crunch accompanied with any fruits you choose. I am definitely going to be back here again to indulge in another sweet crepe soon!Love the concept and all the different flavor profiles here. I always opt for the sweet crepes over the savory. We had the matcha azuki bean , matcha chocolate truffle and lychee romantic. The process in making these crepes can be entertaining to watchWow, dessert crepes that are reasonably priced, freshly made, chocolate and fruit.  Yum!  Great place to go after dinner in Chinatown.When eating crepes, you imagine a warm crepe with fresh toppings inside. However, that's not the case. After waiting 15 minutes for a crepe when we were the first in line in the empty shop to order, the hold up was kind of ridiculous. By the time we got our crepe, it already turned cold (which was expected because of the long wait time). 
Don't get me wrong. The crepe itself was good but the service was such a turn-off. We had the matcha chocolate truffle. Filled with matcha cream, strawberries, and soft chocolate truffles, it was fulfilling. It's good, but I'm not paying $7+ for it. imo It's not worth it when it makes me feel guilty inside. (￣ー￣)
The crepes are fun but it was overpriced and service was slow. It can't imagine what it's like when it's super crowded.Little place on 10th in Chinatown, the food is certainly unique.
Crepes stuffed with an option of sweet and savory options, then wrapped ("swirled") into a cone shape and served in a paper cone.
The crepe was cooked well, as were the Angus Short Ribs that we're stuffed inside. Also crammed with all sorts of veggies and topped with a tasty chipotle aioli, this was perfect "on the way to the next bar" food.
Light but filling, it hit the spot after a few beers and I'm sure a sweet variety would be a great after dinner treat.
I'm sure I'll find myself back here next time I am in the area.Who doesn't love a good crepe for dessert, or even as a main course? T-Swirl here offers up some great options for those looking for a sweet meal whether it be for breakfast or a late night snack.
I was attracted to T-Swirl for their baddy deal that they advertise right in front- $9 for a dessert crepe and boba. Being the extremely dedicated Asian that I am, I could not pass up a deal that offered both sweet and well... more sweet. Let's do it!
I ordered their Blueberry Cheesecake Crepe and a Honeydew Milk Tea. Since I came right as they opened, their tapioca wasn't ready (boo...) so I opted for jelly instead. After ten minutes, my beautiful crepe and drink came out and to my amusement, was very Insta-worthy. 
The crepe itself was very good but a bit too sugary for me with the cream they used. I wasn't able to finish mine since it was so big so you may want to consider splitting one with a friend if you don't have the biggest sweet tooth like me. I loved that they used fresh blueberries though! As for my boba, I wasn't a huge fan since it was simply milk tea with flavoring. Given that the crepe was already so much sugar, it was a complete overload with both. My recommendation would be to stick with one or the other.
Their savory crepes look delicious so if I ever come back to Philly, would love to try one of these as well.Matcha chocolate truffle was amazing the first time I got it! It was my first time at T-Swirl crepe and I wanted to try something different besides the typical bubble tea in Chinatown. The crepe itself was crispy on the edges and flavorful inside. The fruit was fresh and the yogurt cream inside was delightfully sweet but not overwhelming. The chocolate pieces melted in your mouth with every bite! My fiance and I actually came back a second time a few hours later and reordered the same thing and it didn't taste quite as delectable but it was still tasty! Would definitely recommend! Presentation was beautiful, as well! :)I like this place a lot. I love crepe and their crepe are so delicious. I can just have the crepe alone and it would be amazing. 
T swirl is where I go for dinner and dessert, because one order of crepe really fills me up. My favorite are the sweet crepes. I always order blueberry cheesecake, lychee romantic and mixed fruit crepe. 
Definitely, my go to place. :)The prize is a lil bit high, but the food is really making you stuffy....I had the chocolate nut party but substitute the chocolate ice cream with vanilla seeing that there was so much chocolate already in it (highly suggested!!). Nevertheless, it was pretty good. The ice cream scoop (also a really small scoop) was only at the top of the crepe, so at the bottom it was just ALL chocolate which was a little overwhelming. I know it's called the chocolate nut party, but there was just too much.
There was one person in front of us in line (not as crowded as the pictures show) but it did take a while for us to get our crepes... Almost a 20 minute wait...
Heads up! They only took cash when I went (on 8/6)! Not sure if it's because they just opened and haven't gotten everything set up yet.Disappointment.
Total Stars: 2.5 Stars
Service: (+1 Star) 
A quick exchange of words 
Not too long of a wait time 
Quite fast.
Expected when it's empty.
 Environment: (+0.50 Star)
Okay. Some people say the setting is cute but in my opinion, the decorations is something I could come across in a Chinese hair salon. Taping posters by putting tape on the four corners of the picture on the wall isn't very well, appealing to me, and there was a little bit of dust in the corners of the floor.
Presentation:(+0.75 Star)
Beautiful Artistry but it didn't look comparable to the window displays. 
Quality: (+0.25 Star)
Great ice cream but 
the fruits were not fresh. 
The mangos tasted like when you cut a mango and left it out to oxidize for a long time, to the point it tasted like it began to go bad.
The Raspberries lost their sweetness and was more mushy than usual. One of them broke in half when the workers placed it into the crepe base.
The base of the crepe was pretty thin, and the edges were crispy. Is this suppose to be like a cracker on the edges? Biting into it hurt the corners of my mouth. (The one I had in NYC was better tasting compared to this)
Price: (+0 Star)
I paid $9 for a mango strawberry crepe with a scoop of chocolate ice cream. It's darn unreasonably pricy for a crepe that wasn't that great. Wasn't worth the splurge. 
Aftermath: 
With the ice cream scoop on top, that turned out to be the main highlight. I literally ate the top, didn't like the taste of it afterwards, and trashed it out. I'm not going there again. I rather save my money for the one in NYC when I go visit there again.Did not expect to see a Japanese crepe place in Philly's Chinatown! All fresh fruit and ingredients!I ordered the "shrimp avocado" ($8), which comes with spinach, carrots, red peppers, edamame, and a spicy- sweet sauce. The crepe is thin prepared to be thin and crispy, which helps it contain the contents. The cone also helps keep it all together, however there was some sauce seepage towards the bottom- make sure to grab napkins. I was most surprised at how fresh all the ingredients were. Its basically a lovely shrimp salad inside a crepe. You can tell from the pictures, that was some perky baby spinach.  Similarly, the avocado chunks were properly ripe. The pieces of shrimp are nicely grilled and aren't those wimpy little ones. I felt satisfied but not weighed down. Had I not been lunching solo, I probably would have split a dessert crepe.I would come here everyday if that was physically possible!!! Absolutely in love with the matcha azuki crepe, it tasted like heaven and I could have eaten 3 more, happily! Hubby got a savory crepe and also devoured it! I live in eastern CT and have heard there is a location opening in New Haven and I can't wait, even though it is an hour away. Will definitely be back here the next time I'm in Philly!For low cost, casual, somewhat quick eats,this place was a delight. I got a shrimp and avocado crepe that was very carefully assembled along with a and honey green tea to drink. It does take a bit to get your order out especially if there are a few orders ahead of you. Also the dining area could be more comfortable and inviting.
There is a $10 minimum for credit cards.This place is a yum-factory. The service is good. I'm gluten free and the girls were very knowledgeable about what I could and couldn't have. They were courteous and welcoming even though it was 11:30 at night.
My crepe was amazing! I got the Strawberry Banana (no custard or chocolate pearls as both have gluten) with vanilla gelato and chocolate syrup. The crepe shell was crunchy, but soft in the middle and sweet/flavorful. The bananas and strawberries were super fresh. The gelato, which had real vanilla bean and was so great, really made it, my friend got no ice cream and had the custard and wished she had done it differently.
I wish I could eat it again as I write this review. Really happy we ended our night of Philly Phood Hopping here. The parking lot across the street is reasonably priced and the people are actually really cool.Dining Partner and I were walking around Chinatown and saw a man holding a ridiculously good looking cone-shaped crepe. I googled and found T-Swirl. I've been there twice now for the banana chocolate crepe. It is insanely delicious. It was busy both times and we've waited 20 minutes for our crepe after ordering. They give you a buzzer while you wait for your food. The crepe we selected is freshly made and lined with banana and chocolate custard, drizzled with chocolate syrup, with chocolate chunks and bananas. It is large enough to split, but I could also easily have eaten the entire thing myself. Can't wait to go back to try the Blueberry crepe. $10 minimum on cards.Came on a late Wednesday night and the line was still very long. The place is nice. Open brick look with plenty of seating for chats and games. 
The ordering process was little confusing. As I placed my order I was able to watch the staff make the crepes. It was fun to watch. The front end person who handles the order and money was nice but had way too much on her hands.
She calls out your order number. Gives you your order. Scoops up ice cream. Washes her hands and never dries them and continue to give out orders. As it dies down, she then takes your order. I will have the Matcha Azuki Bean. What? Number 9 please. Lol. $7.95 plus tax. Gives back change and continues the chaos of calling out numbers. Her hands are still wet.
I take a seat and wait with my husband and read the menu. 100% Rice Flour. Naturally Gluten Free.
Oh wait my number is called. I pick-up my order and it's pretty. One scoop of matcha ice cream, wrapped in rice flour crepe and strawberries. Two pocky sticks. Whoever invented this idea is a genius.
It was light in flavor. No sweetness at all. You taste the matcha flavor and bean paste. The crepe was crispy and aromatic. I liked it but again, it is not something I would try again. I am a dessert fanatic and actually will give stars based on how good the dessert is. This was just ok. Pretty, simple, light but not something I would keep coming back for. 
They also offer savory crepes. Party orders and catering. Parking is hard to find. Metered or lots.We have been waiting to try this place since the location was under construction. Yet, some of the reviews made us weary. However, our visit landed on the brighter side of the spectrum. Delicious!! 
To start off- I love, love, love their plastic crepe displays at the front window! All so realistic with so much detail. 
The crepes were airy, crisp and light - down to the last bite with all the toppings. We tried the angus short rib one- this is a must try. The sweet and savory flavor a are well balanced- yummy! For dessert we tried the matcha truffle crepe- delicious. Just the right amount to sweetness - and the matcha was not too overwhelming. 
The service was quick and friendly. Perfect place for a lighter meal/ snack and are looking for less traditional flavor a in Chinatown. 
Be warned- it's a cash only place.Nicely decorated and the crepes are not bad. They offer sweet and savory crepes and coffee and smoothie drinks. New to Chinatown and you'll feel the hype when you walk in. It is crowded and kind of chaotic. There is no real instruction for where the line starts for ordering and be ready to wait a little longer for your food. There is seating but you'll have to move tables and chairs around if you have more than 2 people in your party.Had egg white mushroom truffle and vegetarian lover. Both are very good. Highly recommended. The girl at the counter is very friendly and helpful. I took mine home and she gave me clear cone-shaped plastic bags that fit perfectly. Both were in good shape upon arriving home. Definetely will go back.I had the smoke salmon crepe. At first I was a bit hesitant to take a bite because of all that baby spinach and the green beans. But ... this crepe was DELICIOUS! You have to try these guys out. I'm going back for a sweet crepe today.
The only reason I give 4 starts is because the bathroom was a total mess.The Angus Short Rib savory crepe and the Matcha Chocolate Truffles with matcha ice cream were both delicious, but also very overpriced for the quantity of food (the addition of small scoop of matcha ice cream was $1.50, which is a little ridiculous though very worth it considering the sweet crepe was neither very substantial nor very filling). The Angus Short Rib crepe was a little more filling, though it was also super overpriced. But maybe I'm a little biased because I'm used to humongous crepes from La Petite Creperie on Penn's campus that cost less than these crepes and are twice the size. These crepes do have a distinct crispness and flavor that La Petite Creperie's crepes lack, though. 
Previous reviews complained about slow service, but I received my food within 10 minutes or so at around 1 pm on a Saturday, so no complaints about service. 
Overall, good taste and nice atmosphere, just too pricey for the quantity of food (don't come if you're really hungry!). If I do return, I will most likely stick to getting savory crepes, since those are a bit more filling than the sweet ones.I'm surprised I haven't written a review for this place yet. My first time trying a Japanese crepe was in NY and I was in love!
I was so excited to see this place in Philly while visiting my sister. At this place I've only tried the sweet crepes but they are the bomb dot com!
The first time my sis and I ordered the blueberry cheesecake. It was made to perfection. Each bite was just as good as the last. Creamy sweet and not too sweet (if you guys follow my reviews I hate overly sweet things lol) and the perfect amount of blueberry which didn't taste too artificial.
The last time we went there was with more people we ordered 2 crepes the Matcha and the lychee raspberry one. These didn't hold up to the blueberry cheesecake one. But it was still delicious. The lychee one was fresh and light and not too filling. The matcha one was instgram worthy. As for taste very light as well and creamy but plain because it was mostly matcha and the cream didn't fill to the bottom of the crepe.Walking around Chinatown with a friend I spotted T-Swirl Crêpe's aesthetically pleasing display and was immediately captivated. I went inside to take a look at their extensive menu of both sweet and savory crêpe creations and after quite some time I finally decided on the Blueberry NY Cheesecake. 
Blueberries, Blueberry Reduction, Whipped Cream Cheese, Custard Cream, Whipped Yogurt, Vanilla Ice Cream (Gelato), Almonds, & Chocolate Pocky Sticks all inside of a crêpe! It was absolutely amazing! A sugar rush experience!
I've grown quite fond of T-Swirl Crêpe and I'm glad to see them expanding their brand to locations all over the East Coast. You have to try one for yourself.This place was hit or miss during its first week of opening but my goodness what a turn around. 
Their crepes are artistically rolled and very flavorful. The cold ice cream is a great complement to the crepe and the flavors are just scrumptious. Personally my favorite dessert place in Chinatown. It is a bit pricy ($8 for a crepe) but the portion is large enough for two to share. My personal favorite is the NY blueberry cheesecake.This place was okay. Their crepes were big and pretty decent. Do I want to go back? Hmm, probably not, not because they weren't good, I don't have a taste for crepes much.I remember when T-Swirl first opened and my oh my was I excited. Creperies are well known popular snacks in Japan. Especially how the stands will draw your attention with the displays of different options to choose from. Yes, very eye catching.
Anytime I'm in Chinatown, this is of my top choices to stop in for a sweet treat. Everything is made to order and right in front of you. There can be a crowd at times, but you can chill out while you wait and be paged. It's better to eat it right than and there because the crepe will be nice and crisp. I also prefer coming here over Kung Fu Tea as their batter has different consistency. My favorite choices are the Matcha Azuki Bean and Chocolate Nut Party. I haven't tried any of the savory ones, but heard you're not really missing out on anything. 
PS - They also offer a loyalty program.Oh my gosh, T-Swirl is amazing! Their menu is huge, so once you've decided if you want to take the sweet or savory route be prepared to spend a few extra minutes figuring out exactly which crepe you'd like to order.
I kept things pretty classic and ordered a banana nutella crepe. This was perfectly simple, sweet and delicious. The crepe is absolutely massive and is well worth the 7-8 dollar price tag. It came stuffed to the brim with lots of nutella and bananas. Next time I'd probably order the same crepe, just with strawberries. 
My first visit was in Philadelphia, but I was happy to learn that they also have a location in North Jersey! Next time I am craving a crepe I know exactly where I'll go.Solid crepes with a nice crust and very nice custard cream. I wish the ice cream was a bit smoother and less icy but overall the crepes here are great. I personally enjoy the Chocolate banana one best. A rare find!Great crepes!! Got a savory & a sweet crepe! The BLT crepe was amazing! The cut of bacon is thick & the flavor makes you melt. Every ingredient compliments one another. The freshness of the lettuce and tomatoes and the creaminess of the egg and avocado is wonderful! Let me talk about the crepe itself! It has a great crisp that adds to all the textures making your experience even more enjoyable! 
Now I got the matcha chocolate truffle crepe for dessert. Heaven. I love green tea and chocolate and then add the strawberries :). But wait, the girl taking my order asks if I want to add ice cream! There were four flavors to choose from and of course I add more green tea to the crepe! It was delicious. I devoured it. Don't wait too long bc the ice cream will melt and take away from the crispness of the crepe. A soggy crepe is no Bueno. 
The only thing that was a con was the wait. The sweet crepes come out faster than the savory, but disclaimer: I did go during lunch time. I think the avg wait is 20 minutes, but folks it's definitely worth it!My girlfiend and I are visiting Philly for Valentines Day and decided to stop by here for dessert. The person at the counter suggested we try their Valentine's Day T-Swirl Rose so we ordered this along with a mixed berry smoothie. I've tried a variety of crepes from many different places, and I believe this place has one of the best tasting crepes I have ever had. The crepe was beautifuly presented, complimenting its delicious taste, and the mixed berry smoothie tasted fresh and not too sweet - perfect. Inside the shop is a cozy seating area and the staff are very polite and friendly. Definitely recommend this place :DI have only tried the matcha azuki bean crepe at T-Swirl, and I have no plans of ruining my impression of T-Swirl by trying the ones other Yelpers dislike, because this crepe is SO FREAKING GOOD. Close your eyes for a second and imagine biting into a warm crispy crepe and then suddenly hitting creamy green tea ice cream and smooth azuki bean paste. Seriously, what is there not to like? My boyfriend hates me because every time we come here I deceptively say we are sharing but actually eat the whole thing myself. Do yourself a favor and eat this. NOW. Sorry for the runon sentences but I really, really like this crepe...After several visits, it's just not as great as I remembered. My favorite would be the NY Cheesecake and that's the only crepe I ever order. I did try other crepes from friends, but they just seem to be too sweet for my liking. A visit once every so often if you're craving something sweet would be my tip, since they can be a bit pricey.Wow, this place was a kick-ass find.
Walking through Chinatown, trying to figure out how the hook-and-ladder truck is backed into the firehouse on a super busy, narrow street, I happen to see a huge glass window full of ice cream cones with spinach in them.
Looked closer, and apparently the Japanese are making crepes full of salad and berries now? Combines most of my favorite things. Had to give this a try.
Plus, it is by far the cleanest, most organized and modern restaurant we came across in this part of town. 
I ordered the Chicken Teriyaki, my sis got the Wild Berry. Reasonably priced, always a good thing. Service is good. The guy behind the counter was quick to get us a menu and enthusiastic about taking our orders. 
They give you a vibrator to let you know when to come pick up your food, which is cool. Took about 10 minutes to get the signal. I didn't watch them make it (too busy watching that fire truck back into the garage), but I assume the crepes are made ahead of time. Ours were cold, and I don't know if that's intended, but its definitely not something the French would do. 
Regardless, the food was great. Ingredients are very high quality, and live up to the menu descriptions. I didn't try my sister's (not a fan of sweet pancakes), but she dug it and said mine was solid, too.
I annihilated the thing in a few minutes, Super tasty, very light and great flavor. Very happy.
I'm so intrigued by this place, had no idea this was a thing. But now I'm hooked; good thing they are a franchise that is hopefully coming out West.We went there yesterday mykids loved ittttt
We got the dessert crepes 
Dark Choco ice creams so yummy
be back for sureGreat place! Delicious crepes! Excellent services! I'm sure U will love these crepes! What r u waiting for! Go and try!Just so good!
We had both sweet ones and a savory one. All were very good. 
We had the banana choc, the apple caramel and the smoked salmon. 
Great dessert, good for a fast breakfast or a mid day snack.When tswirl first opened, it was good. But as business started to die down, their crêpes quality went with it. They started cheaping out on the ingredients, also they make the crêpes extra thin = hard. Crêpes texture isn't supposed to be hard & crunchy. I don't think ill ever go back again. I gave it a couple of chances and tswirl continued to disappoint me and my friends. 
Not to mention the wait is forever even though there really isn't much business.The pricing may be a bit high for a Chinatown spot, but I really enjoyed my chocolate nut party crepe and was satisfied with the service. The chocolate ganache filling and scoop of dark chocolate ice cream on top were both silky, creamy, and delicious - a pleasant surprise, as I was expecting to taste Asian market-quality chocolate. The space is clean and there's a variety of seating options. They remain open pretty late, so it's a great stop for dessert after a meal in Chinatown. I would definitely come back to try some of their other sweet crepes.Amazing and delicious crepes. Large and filling
Get the one with nutella, truffles and strawberries!Visiting Philly and wanted desert.  First try crepe.  Great place. Clean and comfortable as we walked in. We got to see to watch as we patiently waited for our crepes. Waited about 15 minutes for our crepe.  But definitely worth the time. Was so good and pretty too eat.   Recommended.Every time I come to Philly, I absolutely must get a crepe from here. Though a little pricey, it's irresistible for my sweet tooth, and the crepes, most of the time, do not skimp on the toppings! The employees are alright. I almost always get the strawberry banana crepe, though I think I might actually try a savory crepe next time. The matcha strawberry one is great too, as well as the banana nut. They have free wifi and chess/cards/jenga, and a small room, so this is a great place to hang out with friends. It can get quite busy, though. Definitely will continue coming here :)I tried the sweet matcha crepe and savory truffle mushroom crepe- both were good but nothing too special about them. Beware that it can become messy! Make sure you read the instruction on the side of the crepe box when you're eating. Also the prices are more costly than other crepe places around, although this it is a convenient location. 
Suggestion: For the matcha crepe (#8) on the menu, I asked to replace the red bean (because I'm not a fan) with mango instead and it complimented the taste really well! They add mango all around the crepe so it's a must try if you're not a red bean lover- don't worry there's still hope ;)It's on the pricey side for a to-go crepe. I got the smoked salmon crepe with egg and avocado (extra dollar for each) so the total came out to around ~$10. The crepe was thin and crispy (I normally don't like crepes but this was pretty good). There was a decent amount of smoked salmon and other toppings inside. Decent crepe.. just pricey for chinatown.
They have food crepes (shrimp avocado, smoked salmon, etc) or dessert crepes with ice cream. I was hungry and looking for a snack before dinner so I settled on the salmon crepe. They take your order and then call out your number when it's ready. 
The place gets packed at night. I went around 6:30pm on a Friday and it wasn't too bad. They have a decent amount of chairs inside for people to sit. I walked past this place later that night and it was packed.
I recommend coming here to try it but I prob wouldn't come back. Not that I had a bad experience but it's a novelty thing.I did not think I could enjoy any gluten free item as much as I enjoyed that crepe! 
I went for the banana chocolate and while I thought it should have been more loaded with ingredients for the price, it was definitely delicious and filling.
$10 card minimum and the ATM has a free so come prepared with cash! 
Advice: grab some dim sum and then save room for dessert at T-Swirl!Love matcha with chocolate flavor..we bought salmon crepes as well and it taste so good with crepes.I usually come here when I crave for some sweets. The service can be a bit slow at times especially during the weekends. I usually order the mango raspberry crepe and add vanilla ice cream to it.
The crepes here are a bit big so it's best to eat it when you have an empty stomach and not after eating a large meal~
As a lover of sweets I really do enjoy coming here for some crepes.I love this place! You can have a savory crepe or a sweet crepe. My friend got one of each and shared. That's the way to go! Order the savory one first and then eat it while you wait cuz it'll be done by the time you finish. This was a first hand account haha 
We had one with salmon and capers and creme cheese. It was delicious but could have had more creme cheese. For sweet, we had the matcha red bean one. Sooooo good! Last time I went there I had the lychee one which was excellent too. I will probably have everything on the menu. My friend loved her chocolate one with brownies.
The place has a nice cozy sofa area in the back where my friends and I played Jenga and enjoyed some clean conversation. The water was infused with lemon and it was tasty and free! Be sure to bring cash! And they have a stamp card too. Buy ten get one free?I tried both sweet and savory crepe, but crepe they have not  enough  filling inside, the  price  is  too high  for the  thin  fake  crepe, won't  come back  here  again 。 dannI love love this place. It is probably my go to place to get a filling dessert. The price is almost the same as getting rolled ice cream. Make sure to bring cash when going here. I think they have a minimum of $10 to use card. Aside from that, enjoy sweet and savory desserts :)This place is something different.. wide variety of crepe fillings..we tried matcha chocolate truffle..it was delicious..but we hoped for more filling like they kept in display..nice place for hangout..Matcha azuki bean crepe was such a delightful treat! There wasn't any azuki bean so it's more like a matcha fruit crepe. Things I look for in a crepe - must be warm and crispy, must be flavorful. This place did just that! Tip: Eat the scoop of ice cream until you can smoosh it into the crepe, then eat it like a pizza. Yummmm!Great crepe place in chinatown
 It's just couple doors down from TeaDo. I tried the Green Tea Ice Cream Crepe and man it was good. Next time I'm around chinatown I will try different flavors.
KUDOSAs a regular T-swirl Crepe's fan, I was very disappointed with this store.  I have been going to T-swirl store at 2 Mott street and 14th street in NY, and they offer great service and great crepes. Very different for the PA store. I was visiting my Family in PA today so I took my family to the t-swirl store, and ordered 4 crepes.  I wanted use the free crepe card, however, They told me that I can't use the free crepe reward card because the card has NY address on it?? I thought this is a franchise so why can I use the free crepe reward.  I would give a zero star if I could!!!  PS crepe in this store isn't good as the store at 2 Mott street and 14th st in NY.I love how the crepes here have a little crunch, unlike traditional crepes. Love the variety...both savory and sweet. I tried the matcha one and really fell in love with the complex flavors and textures. I'm not much of a sweets fan so when I say I like something sweet, I really mean it! I will definitely be back to sample the savory ones. Highly recommend!Who doesn't like crepes and ice cream? Add Pocky sticks and I am sold. I tried the popular matcha azuki beans which is Green tea ice cream, strawberries, and other amazing flavors rolled together in a crepe. They do a great job including strawberries throughout the crepe which is spread for the most part, evenly throughout. Nervous about the beans? No worries, they are sweet flavored and not overly abundant and adds a great overall taste. It is a great somewhat-light perfect ending to your meal in Chinatown if you save room! The price-tag is somewhat of a deterrent though at being $8 and you cannot use credit card unless you have a $10 minimum. Otherwise, it is a nice treat every now and then!I like their ny cheesecake ice cream crepe.  Their stuff is a bit pricey, but they do give fruits, custard, ice cream and toppings. I've never tried their savory crepesNice crepes. Crispy and sweet. Full of cream, fruits and chocolates. This place even invents salty crepes! Although I don't dare to try those.Worst iced coffee we've ever had, I did not stay for the crepes tho they looked amazing.Nope. So I'm local and kept passing this place since it first opened. I finally went in due to all the good reviews about the matcha truffle crepe (side note, my phone autocorrected "truffle" to "struggle" - smartphone indeed). For almost $8 cash because this establishment refuses to accept credit cards for purchases under $10 (that policy never fails to make a business look ghetto), I got a cold dry crepe with barely any filling. Sure, some strawberry slices here and there. Some lines of matcha and chocolate smears. Some tiny square truffles/chocolates thrown about. For $8 I could have just bought my own box of truffles. This thing was mostly shell. 
So at least when I was there, the crepe shell was already made. Cold, dry, and crisp at that point. Mind you, only one other customer was in the restaurant and he already had his crepe. At lunchtime. Two customers. The crepe girl was so cheap with the filling that all the crepes must be like that. I could have gotten a full lunch nearby for $5.Great addition to Chinatown. Especially on a humid Philadelphia day. 
Good variety of sweet vs savory crepes. I had the Matcha Azuki Bean. Matcha ice cream was great. Crepe still maintained its crispiness despite the melty ice cream. Loved the perforated wrapper - made it easy to walk and eat at the same time. 
A little bit pricier than what I have paid in the past for a dessert crepe. $7.95 and they only accept cash. Service fairly quick for the amount of people present.Originally from NYC, I was exhilarated when there was going to be a T-Swirl location opening up at Philadelphia. T-Swirl is different from other locations, where you get the traditional crepes with fruits, whip cream, peanut butter, and etc. on a plate. Instead, T-Swirl specializes in variety of both sweet and savory hand crepes at a decent price (less than $10). There was a huge selection to choose from: kept the menu simple and comprehensive. I got the Wild Berries w/ Matcha Ice Cream Crepe. It included blueberries, raspberries, strawberries, custard, and much more. Aesthetic and presentation was excellent. This one wasn't too sweet, but definitely made me full after eating dinner. 
I have read some bad reviews about T-Swirl, but guys, you got to understand that
T-swirl officially opened last week. Like any other recently new restaurants in anywhere, service and time can tend to be bad at first, but the reason why there is so many people waiting is the results. As weeks go on, time to wait will definitely decrease and efficiency will increase. I waited almost 20 minutes, on the line and for my crepe, but it was worth it in the end. However, there is one thing that I didn't like about Tswirl: the additional items to put on the crepe is really expensive. I got a small scoop of matcha ice cream and that cost a ridiculous additional cost of $1.50. I would expect it to be like .50 to $1, but that wasn't the case.   
Besides everything else, 
I would definitely come here again to try the rest of the sweet and especially the savory crepes; they all look appetite pleasing, And plus who doesn't love crepes?Loved it here! After finishing lunch my friends and I stumbled upon this place. The window displayed all the crêpes that you could order, immediately I knew that I had the try this place.
Inside was super crowded since it was the grande opening. I was impressed how fast they took and completed the orders. It took about 5 mins in line to order and another 10 mins of waiting to get my crêpe. I decided to get the matcha chocolate truffle crêpe. It was $7, which I though was a fair price for the size of the crêpe. The price range for this price is pretty small, the cheapest is $6.50 and the most expensive is $8.95. They serve a wide variety of crêpes, ranging from sweets and desserts to chicken and steak. You can decide to add on more toppings for an extra price, I chose not too. They serve the crêpe in a paper cone with indented lines that you can follow to rip off making it easier and cleaner as you eat. 
I will be coming back to this place soon to try some of their other favors! I recommend for everyone to try it.Loved this place! Always enjoy crepes but ice cream just makes it even better. PLUS They have JENGA!!The first time I ate here, it was super busy and the service was really slow, however they seem to make a few changes so its much faster my second time there. They even accept credit cards now which is great since I rarely keep cash on me. 
I try both the sweet and savory, but personally I prefer the savory better than the sweet. The sweet one were a little too sweet than I were prefer them too. It's definitely recommend for them to cut down on the cream and yogurt. The crepes there are great and the environment is really nice and clean too when it's not extremely busy. 
The only thing that I don't like about them is probably their uniform and hat. I'm not sure if they were trying to look old fashion with the hat and all, but it was not working in a good way. It made the place look old and depressing. Something I think they should consider changing. 
Overall, the place is great and I would recommend to all my friends to come here and try.T swirl is ok I guess! I had mango raspberries and my friend had matcha chocolate truffles. There were only few pieces of fruit. It tastes good thoughThe crepe was not bad but relatively expensive  and I was the first customers at the door and no discount on the first day of grand opening and they are cash only plus they charged tax...I found this place to be a little pricey for what you get. We tried the strawberry banana crepe and it barely had any fruits in it! It was pretty much flat with a smear of cream and a little bit of fruits. If you want to add a scoop of ice cream, there's an extra charge of 1.75.
The crepe was definitely yummy, but there should be more of a balance of fruits to crepe.  
The staff was a bit unorganized and seemed confused, but I know this is because they've just recently opened. It is also cash only. 
I would choose 2.5 since the crepe was pretty okay. Hopefully they read the reviews and improve!I don't know what happened, but this was just ridiculous. They must have hired completely new people. I ordered the "Smoked salmon" crepe. They didn't seem to quite understand what I was saying and asked me to "choose". I said "the smoked salmon option on the menu". They said okay, and I paid my $7.50. Since it was raining hard, I was in a rush to get home, so I quickly took the crepe when it was ready and ran out. However, it felt lighter than usual and when I got home, I found out the crepe literally only have smoked salmon... like nothing else. Not the cream cheese, spinach, or anything else that was listed in the menu. T-Swirl, you might want to train your employees a lot better before I visit your business ever again.Overall, this is pretty decent. 
My favorite is the matcha azuki beans without azuki beans. Green tea ice cream and strawberries with the rice flour crepe is delicious. I haven't tried the savory ones yet, but the sweet ones are the prefect dessert after dinner in Chinatown. 
The front window display is gorgeous. It reminds me of beauty and the beast with crepes instead of roses. The interior design is like modern rustic. Brick interior with warm colors.  
Service was okay, but I wasn't wowed. The staff could be a little more patience and smile a little more. 
I'm pretty happy this place opened just because it's something different. I will return to this place occasionally just for the green tea crepe.Great Japanese style crepes! Had both sweet and savory ones (matcha strawberry red bean and smoked salmon). The texture of the crepe is excellent--strong enough to hold the fillings, yet quite thin and crispy on the edges. 
Decent portion of strong flavor matcha ice team, matched well with slightly sour strawberry slices, wrapped in freshly made crispy and light crepe, Perfect afternoon snack.
The smoked salmon crepe has great flavor too. If only it had a bit of wasabi and cream cheese to balance out the smoky salty flavor of the fish and capers, it would be perfect.I tried the sweet crepe (matcha chocolates) ~ $8. The crepe was too big and too sweet for my friend and me to finish. Overall, it's OK, a little bit pricey, but I'll be back to try others crepes.Nice place. The usual stuffed Chinatown store youd expect. Crepes range from ok to alright.I really enjoyed this place. The interior is very cute. I had a hard time deciding which crepe I wanted because all of them looked good. I went with the short rib crepe. It looked so pretty that I didn't want to eat it, but it was delicious, just hard to eat! I will definitely come back for more.Japanese crepe is not the average crepe you see in malls and tourist spots. This one has a different texture since they use rice flour in their batter. They also pack these crepes with fresh fruits (depending on what flavor you choose). What is also cool is that they use creams and whipped yogurt that complement the toppings.
My go to is the lychee romantic. Its the perfect amount of sweet with a hint of sour from fresh raspberries. It also has crushed pistachios and they finish it off with a rose custard cream thats to die forWalking around China Town one Monday night and came across the most spectacular Crepe place. T-Swirl Crepé staff was very helpful & nice. The Figi Carmel Apple Crepé was delicious! The decadent atmosphere is chilling in the background. Would defiantly be back.Overpriced but pretty good. Definitely try the NY Blueberry Cheesecake crepe. The atmosphere is pretty nice. They offer little board games for kids to play and wifi.Very nice restaurant with good atmosphere. Have to wait for a long time to get the food while it's worth waiting. The food tastes really good. The fruits are very fresh and the pancakes are quite soft and delicious. It looks good smells good and tastes good.I loved this place! Everything from the space to the crepe itself was perfect. Placing your order and receiving the buzzer made ordering much easier. I can see how this will make a difference during peak hours. I was surprised to see that all of their crepes are made from rice flour! I had the lychee romantic. I loved everything about the crepe. It was light and refreshing. The rose cream perfectly balanced the flavors.  I was surprised that the crepe is served cold. Not room temperature, but it almost tasted like it was refrigerated. Apart from that, the sweet crepes are great for dessert or a snack, but probably not filling enough for a meal.
I liked the space in the back that looked a little more private for a large group. They had board games available also. I can see how this would be a fun place to go at night if you don't want to hang out at a bar. The hours are fantastic, and you can really come in any time of day for a delectable treat!I'm very picky with my crepes and to be honest I usually only trust French restaurants to deliver the kind of crepes I like. I wasn't sure how a crepe place in Chinatown would even reach my expectations. To my SURPRISE it became one of my FAVORITE spots in Chinatown. They put these crepes to the next level and have combinations in there that I've never thought of. C'mom pocky sticks on my crepes will always be a win in my book.I passed by this place a couple times before it opened. To be honest, I was pretty excited for it to open and even considered applying to work here. Another trendy place to eat!
The sweet crepes are okay. There's a lot of toppings inside so it becomes a little difficult to taste everything in their description. In my opinion, they put too much cream cheese and too little ice cream. (One scoop is not enough!) Some of the flavors, especially the nutty chocolate, can become overwhelmingly sweet and it's hard to finish. Overall. the crepes are a filling snack and are decently priced! Just be sure to pick a flavor that you can enjoy. The drinks were a little overpriced. Coffees and teas had average prices, but the shakes were $5+ for one! I would much rather just head over to Tea Do next door. (The sweet crepes are already too much sweetness anyways, so a sweet drink is not necessary) I will be sure to try the savory ones next time. 
I visited T-Swirl on opening day with my boyfriend and a couple friends. Despite being overcrowded with customers, there was more than enough seating. The staff was friendly and speedy. The environment was pretty modern and they played great music to add to the hip atmosphere! (Not your average radio hits)Very cozy and welcoming interiors. Faux-brown brick walls, wooden furniture and sufficient lighting make this very comfortable as a new environment. The staff are really friendly and efficient even as young as they are. 
This is only my second time here but I really like the fresh, popping flavours in their crepe combos. I usually prefer to sit and eat mine but the packed to eat while walking aspect has a fun factor to it. I would heartily recommend the Shrimp Avocado crepe and the Thai Chicken too :). 
My only gripe would be is that there really isn't a spicy option I could pick and that would really round it out for me!I love their crepes! I have only tried the ones with matcha green tea flavoring, but it's darn good. A little pricey to me, but it's very nice treat made by people who are pro's at making these crepes. I also like that they provide free iced water at the corner!Chinatown has been a hub for new restaurant openings lately. And T-Swirl created alot of 'hype' for their grand opening by posting a huge poster with pictures of menu items. Being a relatively original concept in Philly, they are popular among the younger crowd and foodies. 
The restaurant is really modern with nice dark colors, similar to the decor of Kung-Fu Tea. Pop music is playing in the background, menu includes pictures of the items and the items are displayed on color monitors above the cashier. Menu is basically divided by sweet and savory and if you wanted additional toppings, that'll be extra.Everything is made to order so depending on the crowd, it should be out quick. It's a bit pricey, in my opinion though I'm not sure how crepes are priced in relation to other businesses. 
Overall, I'm glad to have to try it out.The Matcha Azuki Crepe is three desserts packed into one epic handheld treat! Its comprised of matcha ice cream scooped into a crepe cone with chewy red beans at the bottom. The dessert was around $7 and handcrafted. The presentation is also very pretty (great for the Insta) with the strawberry pieces arranged carefully. I love matcha ice cream so this dessert really hit the spot for me.  
There is a lot of indoor seating and a restroom in the back. While I was happily slurping down my matcha ice cream, a delicious aroma filled the place as someone ordered one of the savory crepes. I think I will try a savory crepe the next time I visit!Best place for Japanese crepes! Very delicious and fun. I love the crepe with matcha ice cream and berries.We ended up stopping in for a little dessert after dinner in Chinatown. This place is fantastic!!!! I had a mixed fruit crepe which was incredible !!!!  My wife enjoyed the Mango deluxe which i must say is a taste of heaven....Imma get that next time !! It has Mascarpone cheese in the bottle that tastes insane !!! The place is clean staff are friendly, and the service is pretty fast considering everything is made to order which i Love !!!Very original concept! I like the place and the offering.
Broad choice of sweet or savoury crepes that are all made in front of you.
I loved the Lychees Rasperries one. 
The place is a nice surprise, bigger than you would expect and nice young style. It's lively without being loud and chaotic.
The only bad point I can find is that they only accept cash, not uncommon in Chinatown. However there's an ATM inside.
Give it a go!The place itself is very nice and spacey, I believe the prices are fair and I really love their banana chocolate crepe! My favorite creperie in Philly!The cashier girl was very nice! Order handled promptly even they were busy! I tried avocado shrimp, chicken teriyaki and tuna. Avocado shrimp is my favorite of the three. Impressed with the crispy crepe and the taste as I expected - yummy! I couldn't find anything to complaint except pretty high price $8 as a snack. I can't wait to try next time!This is the most amazing Crêpe place I've ever had. Not only is it incredibly delicious, its very affordable and you get a good portionThis place is straight up excellent! I had the chocolate nutty crepe and my fiancé had the blueberry cheesecake crepe. This place is so delicious I cannot wait to go back and try them all!Shrimp avocado is my fave . Cool place to stop in with the kids (or big kids) for both savory or sweet crepes. A nice touch of Japanese style crepes, or course not authentic, but still good.Great Crepes and nice place to hangout with friends. I often ordered number 9 and 11. I always stopped by this place whenever I came to PhiladelphiaFinally they open!!! Have been waiting this for couple months. I think they supposed to open on July, but they open on August 1st. 
The first day I got Matcha Chocolate Truffles & Angus Short Ribs. Both of them so delicious!!
If they put matcha ice cream it will great!!! I like the crepes, not too sweet, and enough crisps for me. 
And the Angus Beef is yummy!!! 
And I also got Black Sesame Shake. For me, I don't really like it. I feel like it bit bitter. I don't know maybe I just eat the crepes or the shake is not sweet at all.
And the second day I got Chocolate Nut Party. It so chocolate! Not too much sweet but too much chocolate for me. If you are chocolate lover you should try this! And I got Dark Chocolate Shake. And it still so chocolate so thick!
The line was so crazy! But not too long to wait. When I came it was number 50 something and mine was 67. Then I got my crepes 30 minutes later. Not bad, some bubble tea store longer than that and that's only drink. But this is freshly made. They make the skin after you order it then put all the toppings. 
Very recommended! First in Philadelphia (I think) Japanese Crepes!These are the best crepes I've ever had. 
The smoked salmon crepe was perfect. The strawberry banana crepe was even better. 
My only complaint is that they're extremely slow and very unorganized. I'll chalk that up to the fact that they've only recently opened. 
My suggestions for the owner(s) are to establish an actual system for the customer line and  make an actual crepe assembly line to get the crepes out faster. 
If I could get in and out fast for lunch I'd be here nearly every day!My new obsession--dessert crepes at T-Swirl in Chinatown! This is another place I discovered via a delivery service, but hadn't visited in person. I was looking for something sweet after lunch and after passing a few bakeries and tea shops, we coincidentally stumbled upon T-swirl. Their delivered dessert crepes have been tasty, and never messy, so of course I had to walk in and see what the crepes would be like in the shop. 
The shop itself has a bunch of cute pictures on the window display as well as on the inside entry way of their many different crepes, both sweet and savory. They have a cute, modern looking lounge area in the front and a few tables for those wanting to dine in. It was pretty crowded when we walked in, so we decided to wait for my crepe and continue our walk through Chinatown. 
You have the option of choosing one of their crepes, or choosing ingredients if you're feeling inspired for your own crepe creation. Picture chipotle, but for crepes. My choice was the Lychee Romantic and added mango. When you read the list of ingredients you think it's going to be a really heavy dessert, but it was exactly the opposite. Light, airy, sweet, fresh, and tasty. I watched the girls make my crepe from a distance and they placed each ingredient on the crepe with such care, as if they were working on an art project. As soon as I walked out with my crepe masterpiece, a few people walking by said "ooohh fancy!" 
Can't wait to go back and try one of their savory recipes.Dear owner, here are the 3 reasons your business will fail:
1. Crepes are overpriced.
2. Crepes are overpriced.
3. Crepes are overpriced.
No one in the right mind will pay an arm and an leg for a thin sheet of corn starch. The crepes should cost no more than $5. Stop taking advantage of consumers.The place was great! The food was absolutely amazing! My favorite was the chicken teriyaki and the dessert crepe was the caramel Fuji apple crepe!
The food was super fresh and the restaurant was clean!NOTE: BRING CASH or need $10 credit card minimum. The ATM costs $1.75 per withdrawal, so might as well order more toppings if you're just buying for yourself... Also free wifi here, so good chill/study spot.
Think it's a solid 4. Skin of the crepes are pretty good, it has a slight crunch to it's exterior which makes it great. I got the matcha truffle crepe for about $7.50 or $8 I believe. Has green tea custard, strawberries, chocolate truffle pieces, creamy yogurt, and I substituted granola for pistachios. It was pretty good, although I think the truffles chocolate taste kind of overpowers the other flavors a bit too much where you can't taste the other ingredients as well anymore. Next time I go I think I'll settle for fruit combos or more delicate flavors. The tang of a little yogurt really wraps all the flavors together pretty nicely. 
My only qualm is that their price is quite high for the size of the crepe... Not sure what their operating costs are like, but I've had many other quality crepes in other parts of Philadelphia and San Francisco where the portion of the crepe is either much bigger or significantly better in quality for the same price as what they charge at T-Swirl. Wouldn't oppose coming here again, but can't afford to come too often!
Although I have to say kudos to the staff being quite friendly and eager to help or answer questions.Wow, I loved this place more than I thought I would! The crepe I got here was one of my favorite things I ate during my philly trip; I just wish there was one closer to NoVA. While I've been to several crepe places, the crepes here are truly unique. Maybe it's the fact that they are "Japanese crepes" which I've never had before, but the texture and flavor were so much better than any other crepes I've had. The crepe itself is crispy, yet delicate and chewy. It's hard to describe but they aren't soggy by any means. I got the lychee one and it had a gooey caramel sauce, berries, a yogurt sauce, and real chunks of lychee. Mmmm it was so good and unique, you've got to try this place!Got the chocolate truffle with matcha and strawberries and it was really good. Everything together was balanced and not to much or to little of anything. You could taste everything that was on the crepeWhat a gem in Chinatown! I was lucky to get there before a long line developed and ordered a matcha chocolate truffle crepe, matcha azuki bean crepe, and matcha shake. I was definitely "matcha'ed out." I wish I took some photos, but I was devouring the food before I knew it. Everything was delicious and I can't wait to go back to try their other crepes. They also have a nice interior setup: spacious, nicely decorated, and plenty of seats.Cozy little VIP Booth in the back,  perfect
Spot to just hang out with friends, Fresh fruit and inthe Heart of Chinatown.Amazing and Gluten Free!
I just had to add this place to trip advisor. Me and my wife just checked this place out since I have a gluten allergy and it was awesome. I got the short ribs crepe and my wife got the chicken teriyaki crepe and we were both impressed. They packed the crepes and they were made fresh on the spot. We can't wait to go back.I'd be really surprised if this place makes it for the long-haul. It comes off super gimmicky, and quite frankly is. I ordered the matcha truffle crepe. Almost 8.00 later for a few tiny bites, still kind of wanted to have real dessert. I will not go back. They are a great location but if I wanted a crepe that bad I would head up North Broad to the Temple campus.A tasty, but very pricey, Japanese style crepe shop. They cater to both Savory and sweet types of crepe, but I feel like the main selling point is the sweet dessert style. There are many different varieties of things you can add to it, as well as a bunch of pre designed styles of creep. If you have the stomach capacity, I would definitely recommend adding ice cream, but it needs to be quickly eaten otherwise the crepe becomes a soggy mess. Without the ice cream it is a much more hand-held friendly designed for consumptionTried the lychee and strawberry one and it was super delicious. I really like how the crepes here are a little crunchy around the edges - I was afraid they would be soft and soggy but these had a great texture. This place has a credit card minimum though so we also ended up having to get a blended black sesame smoothie to reach it.Nice chill place to go get crepe in philly... LOVE my chocolate nut party... make sure you eat it before the ice cream melts hahahha but awesome crepesMy own order of the matcha dessert crepe was just so so. I was excited to eat the crepe yet the matcha they use is really bland and doesn't actually taste like real matcha. While the crepe was yummy the matcha sauce was really terrible and I ended up throwing my crepe out about half way through.
My friend got a savory crepe which was much better! I can't remember the exact order but she finished hers off and let me have a couple bites. The flavor and everything was right so maybe stick with savory rather than sweet when you go here.I have been to this place for several times, and i always liked the environment, deserts and drinks almost everything over here. But after today, i decide that i might wont be back very soon. 
The casher gave me very bad attitude started from taking  my order. May be because i was on my phone talking with my parents in China when i was placing the order? So I handed up my phone immediately after that. 
My bus was about to leave in ten minutes so i asked her once:" Is my order ready yet?" Yes, she answered my question but also with attitude. 
Okay Okay I understood, may be she was having a bad day or may be because she has been working for a long time. 
What i didn't understand is when i told her my order was for taking out, she literally rolled her eyes at me. But i said my order was for "to go" when you asked me at placing the order, young lady! ! I was not giving you extra work!! 
The eye-rolling make me feel so sick that i don't feel like Crêpe any more. How strange it is, from favorite to dislike, you just need one bad attitude. 
As a front desk at a doctor's office i know you will always get some customers you don't like. But i am gonna tell you that customer service is more than your personal preferences.A very nice place serving nice light and fun desserts!  Not too sweet yet still soft and crispy throughout.  Nice fresh fruits as well and constructed nicely.  After seeing these in YouTube videos, it was very satisfying to try one.  They even have savory crepes too, going to try the Okinawa hotdog next time!I love this place ;)  Been here 3 times and Im never disappointed with my choice.  My new favorite is the mango raspberry one....wow the flavors are awesome.  I also hit this place up after filling up on yummy asian food in the area. Its a wonderful treat and not too heavy.  They are large crepes and big enough to share, but who wants to share lol.  Sometimes there can be a wait, because this location is small and in the center of china town, but its worth it.  Plus they have cards and jenga you can play with while you wait.  Can't wait to go back and try something new.Not a big fan of crepes, but T Swirl was very much above average enough that I enjoyed my order. I ordered a Matcha Azuki Bean and was delightfully surprised at how good the matcha ice green, the crepe crust and the all the ingredients contained inside was. However, I was turned off by how all the crepe makers were extremely slowly except one girl who could talk to someone while making the crepe, yet be faster than the other two girls who were deeply concentrated. 
I was lucky enough to get my order in before a big rush however it was still a long wait for my order. I couldn't imagine how long the others who just walked in would wait. 
Taste is good, wait is not worth it because slowly your patience will run out by watching how slowly the crepes are being made.When you walk by, the first thing you notice is the window. The display catches your eye instantly! The staff greeted my instantly and was kind. My brother had ordered the banana chocolate crepe and asked for no granola, but that special request wasn't done for us sadly, but we didn't complain. The service was a bit slow since there was only one person preparing the crepes. My family and I did enjoy our visit and are planning to come back soon!Food: 2/5 - The crepe is good, but the fillings are somewhat weird together. The drinks are disgusting. Don't get fooled but the prices and color. The mango slush tasted nothing like mango. It tasted like watered down fruit sugar. The mint green tea and honey cucumber iced tea was disgusting. Fresh mint green tea tasted nothing like green tea. The honey cucumber tasted like rotten cucumber with water and sugar. It tasted super bitter. It was gross, very dissatisfied. 
Service: 4/5 - Cashier was pretty nice. 
Environment: 4/5 - Very Asian style, pretty cool.Love the options of crepes! I love the board games available. Great place to try! Delcious crepes. Great customer service.I went there a week after the Grand Opening and it was pretty nice in there except how they yell across the room saying Welcome To T-swirl!!, it was pretty hot in there considering there was a lot of people. The wait was 10-15 minutes. 
4 weeks later I went back and when i entered they didn't say anything and just kept working. I ordered a NYC Cheese Cake and it took 15-20 min this time. There were only 20 people inside and it was hot. 
4 STARSSo good.. had the strawberry banana crepe.  Just took longer than expected to make it.  Ate inside.. plenty of tables available and nice restroomWOAH OK AMAZING. I've always heard from people that this place was worth it. Especially bc of he price for a crepe. But nawwwww this place is really poppin. I'm in love with how beautiful these look and how tasty they are. 
The crepes have a special crunch to it and there are just so many items to choose from. They make both savory and sweet filling crepes here. From BLT crepes to strawberry banana crepes! 
The first time I went, I ordered the strawberry banana and the matcha Crepe and oml MOUTHGASM??? is that a word? sure why not. But that's the word that's needed to describe the feeling of your first bite into these!!!This place is great! The amount of options you have to choose from is great, you can get anything from savory to sweet. Once you place your order you can see how they make your crepe which is always fun to watch. They put the crepes in a  hand held holder , which is great if you're on the go! I got the t-swirl fruits cocktail crepe and it was delicious!!Love this place, have only sampled the dessert crepes so I can't speak for the savory. Tried two flavors here and loved both. Staff is friendly and service is good.
Matcha chocolate truffles - Green tea custard cream is flavorful and I love the other components - chocolate truffles, slices strawberry, whipped yogurt, chocolate sauce and crushed pistachios.
Chocolate nut party - soooo good! Chocolate gelato is super tasty and again the extra components are what make the crepe so good, crushed pistachios, almonds, chocolate truffles, chocolate sauce, chocolate pocky, whipped yogurt, chocolate custard creme and chocolate pearls, yum!
Will definitely return to try more.As a Celiac sufferer, I am used to exorbitant prices with low quality, often barely edible "food",that lands like lead in your stomach, and causes its own GI distress. You have gone well beyond my expectations. I have travelled all over the world, and your Double Egg and your Angus, are among the top 3 best sandwiches that I have ever had. Kudos to you, since the 3rd was actually eaten in France!
Double kudos on customer service. I inadvertently ordered at the same time that the Flower Show was running. Traffic and crowds were bedlam, parking impossible. After 45 mins. circling, I called the store. Your staff was willing to Meet me at my car and get payment on the fly! WOW! You even accommodated a massive, oddball special. Way to go!!
Will recommend to every Celiac I know, and everyone else. Well done!!SO! FREAKING! AMAZING!
I dream of these crepes, I'm not kidding. All the crepes are fresh made, right in front of you, and just the right marriage of soft on the inside and crunchy on the outside. 
The aesthetic is super cute and well thought out. They offer free lemon water, if you don't want to purchase one of their delicious specialty drinks (which is super conscientious of them). The facilities are always very clean and the staff seems to be in a perpetually good mood because I've never gotten less than exceptional service, even when they're stuffed with customers. It does tend to get crowded on the weekends, but that's just because it's so good!  
I, personally, recommend the sweet side of the menu because the ice cream will melt a little onto the bottom of the crepe and it tastes like the world's best pancake a la mode. SO yummy. But, sweet and creamy is also my favorite thing. I have a friend who prefers savory crepes and always ALWAYS gets a savory crepe from here. One time, I got a salmon and cream cheese crepe (yum!) and the only bad thing was that it had generous amount of capers. That's MY fault because I forgot to say "no capers" when I ordered and I actually think that's a super positive thing. I get that people who eat lox and cream cheese tend to love capers, and that I'm an odd-man-out, so, really, they're doing everything they can to give the customer what they want! 
Really, if you've made the decision to go in the door, you've already made your best choice of the day. Which menu item you pick is just the flavor text (if you'll pardon the pun).This is my absolute favorite place to go. I've tried nearly every crêpe on the menu and they're all delicious with great taste and texture. They are beautiful, filling, and always created quickly. 
Just be aware that T-Swirl has a $10 credit card minimum.I went to T-Swirl for the second time a few days ago. Now that I've given it a second shot, I feel fair in writing this review. 
This past time I ordered the blueberry cheesecake, and the time before I ordered the wild berry  crepe (also tried my friends matcha and azuki crepe). The blueberry cheesecake is mostly ice cream w/a few blueberries thrown in. The crepe is crispy to the point of being crunchy, which I makes it feel like less of a crepe and more of a soft cone. It doesn't really taste at all like blueberry cheesecake, and the $8 I spent on it was entirely too much. 
The wild berry crepe is better (more fruit), but still not worth the high price tag. 
The matcha crepe I'm not a fan of at all. They use a matcha cream which both looks and tastes nothing like Japanese matcha. I really would not recommend getting this. 
It's really not bad, and I certainly wouldn't discourage people from going if they're in the mood for a crepe, but there are better and cheaper deserts options just blocks away that I'd much rather go to.Was visiting the area & stumbled upon this amazing place! I had two of their crepes on two different occasions & they were both very good. Even when they were busy, the atmosphere was nice & the wait wasn't very long. I really like that they have the buzzer to let you know when your crepe is ready! I just wish I had one of these closer to where I live!The restaurant is very clean and has a modern electronic menu. The crepes are not made to order and I didn't realize that when I walked inside. I ordered the banana and chocolate in hopes it would remind me of walking the streets of Paris with Nutella melting inside a warm crepe. It didn't happen but it was still a flavorful experience. The crepe is layered with a chocolate and banana creme, sliced bananas, and little chunks of soft chocolate. It is then rolled up and placed in a paper cone. It's fun to try but would have been much better if it had been served warm.This is a good addition to the mix of classical and modern Asian eateries in the Chinatown area. If you're looking for a late-night sweet snack, this is the place to go! I tried the Matcha Chocolate Truffles and Chocolate Banana. Both were good, but I preferred the Chocolate Banana (there was a slight tart-like taste to the Truffle one that I didn't enjoy). In addition to the crepes, I also tried their Dark Chocolate shake. After drinking it, it left me dehydrated and thirsty for water. 
Overall, T-Swirl is a place I would go to once in a while when I'm really craving something sweet. The price they charge for their crepes is just too absurd in my opinion ($7 for a thin rice crepe, 2 strawberries, and a smear of matcha, chocolate, and custard...?).Get the matcha chocolate truffle! T-swirl has a wide variety of sweet and savory crepes. The crepe itself is very thin and it is folded in layers of cream filling and fruits. They have the option of adding ice cream too for an extra charge (but I was so excited to try that I forgot to ask for it). I expected the crepe to be warm but it was room temperature/almost chilled from the cool filling. They have a few seating options too in the store but the handy sleeve makes it transportable. I liked that the Crepe was not too sweet or overfilled. Great place for dessert after eating in Chinatown.I had a restaurant.com voucher for this place and used it the other day. Food is really good, but is a bit pricey if you don't have a voucher.. You need at least 2-3 crepes for a meal and they are about $8 each and not that filling.. But if you can get at half price it's worth it!This is my favorite crepes place by far. Everytime I visit Philly this is a must stop place for me. I always get the chocolate  nut and it is so good. Please bring one to Boston =)Love the crepes here. Been here several times and I always get the matcha. 
My friend got the smoke salmon- savory option and wasn't impressed. I think they're best as a desert. 
The venue is narrow with tables/seating along the wall. All the way in the back there's a larger room for group seating. The front also has large open seating. 
Didn't give it 5 stars because they've been pre-making the crepes, I guess to save time. It was so much better freshly made of course but overal, it's still good.There was a great balance of crepe to filling and the presentation was beautiful. Best of all- it tastes yummy!Really cute place for dessert in Chinatown. Tried the matcha chocolate truffle and really loved. A pretty filling crepe, so definitely good for sharing. The place itself is newly renovated and a great place to hang out.T-Swirl is just /alrightttttt/ compared to other crepe places I've been to. Service is fine, though!  There is also plenty of room to sit and relax inside as well.  It's a very modern design inside.  
Unfortunately, I'm not head of heels in love with the crepes.  Considering that I am not a sugary dessert type of person, I never thought I'd say this, but the crepes lack sweetness.  The fruits were sour, too.  The pancake itself was crispy and fresh, though!  On a more positive side, the crepes look like a piece of art; it's instagram-worthy.  
I'll definitely try again at this location and up in New York because I really want to like this place, but the hype train left me disappointed.One of the first good crepe places in the Philadelphia area! For a while New York and North Jersey were the only places with good Japanese crepes, which was sad because it was a hassle driving to New York/North Jersey for a crepe craving! Philly is about an hour drive and it was doable, since the area has a lot of other delicious Asian food because it's literally in the heart of Philly Chinatown. 
Crepe tasted great, I saw a lot of reviews saying it was stale or left out, but I actually watched them make my crepe and call my number so it looks pretty freshly made to me and tasted just as great. The filling was plentiful, anymore would be too much in my opinion. 
My boyfriend got a smoothie instead, but in our opinion the smoothie was very bland and not worth the money, but other than that the crepes tasted great and the service was quick. The only thing I was a litttttttle disappointed in was we weren't able to pay with card. It was cash only. I hope that isn't all the time, because I did see them use an ipad, which means credit card should be implemented soon.The ice cream Crepes are to die for 
Amazing so testy 
The fruits are fresh the ice cream very testy 
Loved the placeGreat dessert crepes!! I've tried the wild berries, matcha, and blueberry Cheesecake crepes and they were all delicious. All came with fresh fruit and crispy crepes. It's nice to be able to watch them make your crepe right at the counter. I love that they add an Asian fusion to what's organically a French dish by adding matcha flavors, red bean paste, lychee, and even pocky sticks to their desserts! Their crepes are definitely on the pricier side for $6.50-$8 crepes depending on how fancy you get with it, so it gets a bit steep but definitely can be shared with another person to split the cost. Beware that sharing can get messy- you have to play pass the crepe around and each take a bit before the ice cream melts! Also some crepes don't come with ice cream which you can add for $1.75/scoop (pricy!) and add in additional fruits for $1.00. At least they give you options.Too sweet * Long wait * Pricy * Charge tax & Cash only!!
Maybe will check back here another time.Had blueberry cheesecake flavor before! I think it's pretty good, will try different ones next timeThey charge a $10 minimum for credit transactions despite there not being a menu item more than $8. In their attempt to save 4% in transaction fees, they've lost 100% of my business.I've been a fan since T-Swirl opened a few months back.  They've made some improvements since their grand opening:
- Credit card is now accepted.  There's still a $10 minimum but at least they accept it.  There's an ATM opposite the cash register too.
- Now they offer these "frequent flyer"-ish cards, so after 9 crepes, your 10th one is free.
- They used to have to yell out your order number but the problem is, if you sit at the back, it's hard to hear your number being called so now they've implemented these beeper-like devices, which buzz when your order's ready.
- Now they have games available (mostly janga, with the pieces stashed in various metal buckets) so you can play while you eat.
Yes, the crepes are a little on the pricier side, close to $7 and up for the sweet crepes.  But I love the airiness and lightness of these Japanese-style crepes (made with rice flour) and they're just so beautiful and artistic to look at.  (Some women look at clothes; I look at food.)  My favorites include the Matcha Azuki bean (love the Pocky sticks!), the mango raspberry, and the wild berries crepe.  I've never tried the savory ones but my friend's gotten the Thai Chicken savory crepe before and liked it.  I do wish they had more variety in terms of their drink selection but I guess it makes sense to stick with what their forte is -- crepes.  Overall, I'm happy that T-Swirl has come to Philly and hope they're here to stay.The place is nicely decorated, good atmosphere and many sits for people to hangout. (Love the music selection btw) I ordered the matcha red bean crepe and enjoyed the matcha ice cream that's on it. The crepe was not too sweet which was nice, however the fruits wasn't sweet either... Maybe they should use better quality strawberries.NOT WORTH THE MONEY OR TIME!
I ordered a sweet crepe and it took them 30 MINUTES TO MAKE A CREPE??? Everyone seemed annoyed when I was there. They are so disorganized with the receipts. It seemed like they don't know whose crepe they already made! My order had ice cream and I told the girl that that was my crepe but she said it wasn't so she kept holding it. When she figured it was my order, the "gelato" already melted :( It also had red bean but I saw the guy put the smallest smear I have ever seen! 
They are also overpriced because they put WAY too much cream. For this price, I expected a lot more fruits. Once you get to the bottom, it's soggy and the tons of cream wasn't making my stomach feel well. Not coming back....A wonderful, decadent treat that I find myself craving way too much these days! These crepes are huge and there are many different types. You have the option of getting a sweet crepe or a savory one. 
I have tried two sweet crepes from here and they were amazing. The mango raspberry crepe is light and refreshing despite being large in size and filled with many treats. It's filled with fresh mangoes and raspberries, mixed with custard cream and whipped yogurt. It's topped off with chocolate pearls and almonds and drizzled with chocolate sauce. Heavenly. 
The other crepe I'd had (possibly my favorite) is the Macha Chocolate Truffles. Strawberries, matcha custard cream, whipped yogurt, crushed pistachio, chocolate sauce and amazingly tasty chocolate truffles makes this so decadent and satisfying. I got it with a scoop of chocolate ice cream and I do not regret it. This is going to be a crepe I crave often. 
It's a small, trendy little place that is very professionally and efficiently run. You can play jenga or games while you wait or you can grab a buzzer and sit on a bench until your crepe is ready. Try this place if you like crepres or are in the mood for some scrumptious dessert!  If you like your crêpe to go, they give you a little carry bag that fits the cone shape adorably!100% gluten free will always do the trick for me! But honestly a great place to grab a quick delicious dessert! Highly recommend trying it out!Fresh sweet or savory crepes made as you watch. Fresh and DELICIOUS. Only con is the wait. It takes about 5 min to make the crepe from start to finish soVery clean and fancy new crepe place in Chinatown. Service was on key and the crepes are pretty delicious. However the main issue is the pricing of the crepes since they are all around $8, which in Chinatown gets you a full meal with leftovers usually. The ingredients they use aren't very complicate and although it is good quality, it didn't seem worth the cost, thus the 3 star review. It is good to try once but I would not come back again. This place will be busy initially but I predict they will be closed in a year when people catch on to the excessively expensive pricing.I tried the NY Blueberry Cheesecake...it was to die for. Yummo!!! Every bite has some flavor. The sweetness with the taste of blueberries is just enough to satisfy anyone's dessert craving. The portion is filling, so make sure you save enough room for all of it. Once you start eating, you will not want to stop.Great find in Chinatown.  Unique concept. Fun, healthy and yummy.  Both salad and fruit crepes equally amazing.I didn't expect much from this place. I wanted that bakery smell or fresh fruit market smell in here. 
Cute little shop, nice clean decor. I was getting nervous to try because No one was in the place except the two employee. 
The girl employee handed us a paper menu. Menu was easy to read with just a few items descriptively explained. I like that there is a sweet side for dessert and the other side is for lunch or entrees for those looking for real food. 
I ordered two to take home for my kids. My best friend got a matcha crepe for us to share. 
The guy employee is in the back rolling out the round crispy crepe, passed it to the girl. She starts filling the cream drawing a semicircle with green cream the. The white cream. Sprinkles just a little sliced almonds (my favorite snack) and some raspberry on the outer rim. Rolls it and places one scoop of matcha ice cream right in the middle. The flavored are light but just right. I really like their matcha ice cream, not bitter. The crepe was crispy and the cream was delicious. 
It's in the right place, I wonder why it's so quiet.Finally this place opens!!!! I was waiting the longest! I LOVE crepes so when I heard about this place I went balls off the walls. Really cute inside, seems like another place for teens to hang out and chill. I thought the menu was nice and kept it at a minimum. My cousin looked at the size of the crepe and since we'd had just gotten there from lunch, decided to share one. We got the matcha azuki bean. It was pretty good. A little overwhelming with all the matcha. I didn't taste the red bean. The crepe was I believe over cooked to stay crunchier. Since ours had ice cream on it? Overall I think I'll come back to try every one they have lol. A little pricey though. And cash only!We stopped in for desert one evening after a concert in town and loved the idea of the filled crepes and how they prepared them. We went for the ice cream and fruit filled crepes, one NY Cheesecake and one macha; both were excellent and filled with flavor. The crepes were super delicious as well as the ice cream. The staff was super friendly and I appreciated how skillfully they prepared the crepes. They take a bit of time and it's so worth every minute. Next time I want to try the crepe filled with food as a tasty snack or meal.Had a friend that went here and posted on Instagram so naturally I had to go after a recent trip to Spice C for noodles. I have to say that I was a little skeptical but I am a convert, this place is pretty cool and I pretty much wanted to try all the combinations. I am usually very decisive with ordering food but I needed a couple minutes here, eventually I ended up on the Blueberry Cheesecake. It took a few minutes to make but I have to say that the finished product was pretty and enjoyable to eat. It wasn't heavy or overly rich and it was satisfying. Definitely a good way to cool off your mouth after eating some spicy noodles. Can't wait to head back there soon.I feel so blessed to have a Japanese crepe shop in my neighborhood of Chinatown.  It takes me back to when I used to live in Japan.  Walking down Takeshita Dori in Harajuku window shopping while eating a crepe.
The crepes at T-swirl are healthier than the ones in Japan, well at least the sweet ones.  In Japan they use whip cream (and lots of it), while T-swirl uses whipped yogurt.  I love the chocolate pearls and the way they crunch.  All the fruits are fresh, except the lychee is canned.  Sometimes I wish it was a little more rolled up than tri-folded, but when you get ice cream on top, it is more cone shaped.
I have tried every sweet crepe except Banana Chocolate, Lychee Romantic, Caramel Fuji Apple, and Blueberry NY Cheesecake.  My favorites are Mango Raspberries and Strawberry Banana.  For Savory, I have tried all except Double Eggs, T-swirl BLT, Tuna Nicoise and Vegetarian Lover.  My favorites are Egg White Mushroom Truffle, Smoked Salmon, and Angus Short Ribs.
There is a $10 credit card limit.  You may get a point card, and your 10th crepe will be free.  I go at least once a week.  Sometimes I get a savory and a sweet crepe for one meal.  The crepes are made in plain sight.  I usually get it to-go.  The tables are not always wiped down, and occasionally there are these little flies flying around.  There is a flat screen TV in the front.  One single unisex restroom.  A back room for larger groups.  Complimentary lemon infused water as self service.  I would recommend this place and A La Mousse in Chinatown as a dessert places to go to, however you can even get a meal here too!this place is the bomb. Cheap and delicious. Their menu has a lot of choices and I want to try it all because the ones I already irdered are so good. Highly recommend everyone to give it a tryThis place was the bomb!! The crepe itself was sweet, light, moist and delicious!! I got a savory crepe (chicken teriyaki) wow, delicious!! Meat was fresh, veggies nice and crispy and I loved how there was an egg in it with that yummy sauce drizzled over. I don't give many places a 5 star review but this place deserves it! 2 thumbs up! Can't wait to go back and try something different. You may have to wait a bit for it to be made & some people may complain it's a little pricey, but it's made fresh so have a seat and be prepared to have bites of heaven and be sad when you ate it all. I think is worth every dollar! Enjoy!I am not much of a dessert person, but when I do crave sweets I try to treat myself to something decadent. My one friend highly recommended T-Swirl, so after dinner in Chinatown I decided to give it a try. Before going in depth about my experience, I was highly disappointed. 
When I envision a crepe, I imagine a flaky, delicious, and warm dessert. Unfortunately this was not the case at T-Swirl. First off, it had taken near 20-25 minutes for my crepe to be finished. There was a fair number of customers, but nothing insanely overwhelming for the fully staffed cooking area. I really couldn't put my finger on what took so long. I know a good crepe takes time but 20-25 minutes seems a bit absurd in my opinion. The staff was friendly, but this was not enough compensation compared to the time it took to make the crepe and the quality. After my friend and I received our crepe at about $10, we were ready to tuck into the chocolate strawberry crepe topped with a scoop of green tea ice cream. Aesthetically it looked beautiful, but it was a sham! The crepe had cooled down to the point where it was basically room temperature. I wouldn't have minded the temperature of the crepe but following the other ingredients it was just not delectable. The pieces of chocolate were so cold that it was hard to chew and the chocolate flavor was incredibly overpowering. The only tasty parts of the crepe I enjoyed was the strawberries, which were very fresh, and the green tea ice cream. Although these pieces of the crepe were great, I did not come to T-Swirl for only ice cream and strawberries. Collectively it was a poorly constructed and less than satisfactory crepe, and with the addition of the wait it is safe to say I will not be returning here again. Overpriced, underwhelming, and time consuming.Located in Chinatown, Philadelphia. Great food! Bigger and more seats than the one in NY. Sometimes they have free water too. Don't forget your punch card!You just have to try it. Worth every penny. Everything is so good. I will be a fat Asian if I actually live next to this place. GO GET SOME!!!I think what makes this place so cool is the fact that you can watch them make your crepe right in front of you. We came in late night and ordered the blueberry NY cheesecake & it was so bomb. I'm usually not a crepe person but it was so soft and flavorful, it's hard not to appreciate it. They're pretty fast at making the simple crepes but if you have a more complicated one with ice cream or something, it'll take a little longer. The atmosphere is really nice to just hang out and chill there for as long as you like. A nice hidden gem!First time here, got the Mantcha Azuki Bean and Lychee Romantic. We love the sweet crepes and the music is nice. Sat at the sofa in the back, similar to a ktv room without the equipment.Awesome dessert crepes! I've never had the savory ones, but I have no doubts those are great as well. The crepes are crisp, light, and hold up very well to the ingredients. The ingredients are quality, combos creative, and some also feature ice cream.The Catcha Truffle crepe is addicting! Absolutely delicious! Great service, kid friendly, clean place.I love the creap so much because it was beautiful and delicious  BTW matcha chocolate truffles is my favorite fresh strawberry with extra ice cream is perfect  matching lol 
So it s very lovely shop.clean. good music  oh the staff are friendly. I'd love to go there again with my friends. Because we always say good thing needs to share lolI have been to T-swirl 2 times since it has opened. I was hoping that by the 2nd visit the wait time would be much faster compared to the 30 minutes the first time. Despite the wait, I love the Matcha Azuki Bean sweet crepe! I got the same thing both visits and they are pretty consistent with their quality. The matcha ice cream made everything better, and I was happy to see that the actual crepe wasn't soggy towards the end. I also liked how the crepe wasn't extremely thick towards the end compared to other crepes I've tried. 
Sadly, the price point of this place is what will keep me from coming here often. I don't find $8 for a sweet crepe worth it.I'm giving four stars because the wait was kind of long and we were the only ones here. The food was amazing!  I had the shrimp and avocado crepe. I have a gluten allergy so I was very excited to find a flour free crepe. This is by far the best thing I have eaten in a long time. And the price is low!  Would definitely come back.First time trying their crepes and it was Delicious!!! Usually I'm not a big fan of sweet. There crepes is prefect tastebud for me, not too sweet. I ordered the chocolate nut party and surprising I finish eating all alone. 
I read couple of the negative comment below about there customer services and overprice for the item. Which is not truth. I walk in 10min before closing which it's something employee wouldn't want to see because they are about to close down soon. They were very friendly and told me what is recommend here. I added extra topping and they were super nice about it and didn't charge me extra. Some people saying they waited 15min for there crepes to be done and expect there crepes to be warm?! I don't get it?! But my crepes was on point crispy even if it's not warm. 
I saw couple of the comments about the overpricing the items on the menu. I believes there pricey is reasonable $6-9 max on crepes. The crepes there are very artistic and yummy. I don't mind paying $8 dollars for it. If you can't afford to eat out should stay home and budget yourself. While eating out with friend you shouldn't worry so much about the price of the food but enjoy it.This place is amazing! Both me and my husband loved the chocolate nut party crepe a lot.... We both have had crepes even in Paris and bunch of famous places in NYC but honestly this place is probably one of the best when it comes to sweet crepes. Can't wait to go back to try their savory crepes.....We were pretty happy to find this place, my girlfriend loved Eight Turn Crepe in NYC and was bummed out when it closed.  We accidentally found this spot which has a very similar crepe menu, and she was happy that her favorite flavor was there as well (for reference, it is the Lychee Romantic).  Pretty cool place, a bit of seating and service isn't the worst.  For our purpose and what we were looking for, it performed quite well.The latest eatery to open in Chinatown is another import from  the big city to the north of Philadelphia.  It is a Japanese crêperie called T-Swirl.  The crepes made on the spot here can be filled with either savory or sweet ingredients.  In its first couple of weeks of operation, large crowds have patronized this establishment so you often have to wait more than 30 minutes from when you enter the door until you pick up your order.  At that point there are tables in back to eat at.
I was not overly impressed by T-Swirl and it had nothing to do with the long wait.  It had everything to do with that this crepe concoction is very unwieldy to eat.  It would actually be much easier to eat if it were served on a plate and you could use a knife and fork.  I ordered the blueberry cheesecake and to be honest all I tasted for the first three quarters of eating this rolled up crepe was the vanilla ice cream.  There were a couple of blueberries as well.  Finally at the bottom I tasted the flavor I'm guessing is why they call it Cheesecake.  I expected the flavors to be blended and the entire crepe to taste like blueberry cheesecake.  I would def try another crepe at some point, but I won't be rushing to do so!Excellent for dessert and also casual meal with sweet and savory options.  Prices reasonable and fun seating atmosphereWent here for the first time since I was craving crepes and didn't want to go to the Reading Terminal. First, I must say why I am only giving it 4 stars and not 5 despite enjoying the BLT crepe very much --- the place was way too hot! It felt like 120 degrees in there. Also, my order took quite a while to make and there weren't many people there. Nonetheless, the crepe itself was nice and fluffy. The bacon was to die for  and all the fixings like avocado, eggs made it taste that much better. Total cost was $8.10 including tax. A little pricey but I'll definitely go back to try the rib eye and the sweet collection.Awesome crepes!!!  I got the chocolate creme brulee and it was nothing short of delicious. My wife got the ultra decandent chocolate one and they did not disappoint. Will be back for sure. This was better than an ice cream run. I know, blasphemy!  A must try.We were introduced to this place during a tour of Chinatown. It looked and smelled so good we came back after the tour was over. We have yet to try the savory crepes, but the original chocolate one is my favorite. The kids love coming here with us and it's funny to watch them try to eat this. It's a mess!I was super excited when my mom suggested we stop by to give this place a try after lunch on a weekday. I'd read the reviews, and I knew exactly what I wanted--a matcha azuki bean crepe. There was no one in line to order ahead of us, but we watched them make a few crepes before ours. I can see how the line can easily get backed up.
The crepe was delicious. The paper cone made it an easy-to-eat street food. The matcha ice cream was barely sweet, and the individual components worked well together. I loved the crispness of the crepe (even at the bottom), and the tartness of the yogurt and strawberries paired well with the slightly sweet matcha flavors to make a light dessert. The taste of the yogurt and the red bean didn't really come through until the bottom of the crepe, though. It is on the pricy side, but it's also a lot for one person. If I didn't have two people to share it with, I would've gotten very full very quickly, especially right after lunch.
Hope I can come back to try some other flavors!This place is gluten-free ! They use rice flour for their crepes. 
We had the Matcha Azuki Bean and Matcha Chocolate Truffles. I personally didn't care much for the matcha azuki bean (flavorless) but their matcha ice cream is yummy.The paper holder is perforated so that you can rip away a section as you eat away more of the crepe. 
I haven't had the desire to go back since that first time.I got the Matcha Chocolate Truffle crepe with a scoop of matcha ice cream. It wasn't bad and it wasn't amazinnngggg either, the cream that was used tasted a bit weird though. For the size, the price was a bit steep compared to the ones I get at Japantown in San Francisco but it did make a good instagram post.Match Azuki Bean is one of the most popular here but my favorite is not sweet crepe, I would say savory crepes are worth of trying especially BLT and hot dog. I also recommend mango green tea, they put fresh mango in it instead of juice concentrate. The place is clean and I like the way they put plants as decorations. I'll definitely come back.