This place has been around for years and still decent...They have been living off their reputation these days and their loyal customers...To be honest, quality and service has suffered over the years because of that but still a nice place to go and enjoy pizza!!!  It's BYOB so even better!!  Enjoy if in neighborhood but have a call ahead of time...In my opinion, there are 4 things that make a place great: good food, fair price, atmosphere/service, and most important....CONSISTENCY!   Taconelli's has one of these 4. good food.  not great.....good.  they used to be great, but not anymore. they are way too expensive, the service is borderline dreadful, and they are NOT consistent.  i will get a pie, and it is fantastic, the next day, horrible. can you imagine having to order your dough at 11am, to pick it up at 4pm, and you have to wait for 25 minutes when you get there?? that pizza better make me tingley if i have to deal with that nonsense. And it does not make me tingley. i live in port richmond, but drive to the taconelli's in new jersey!!!  what does that tell ya!!A friend of mine had told me to go here some time ago.  I finally got around to making a visit.  WOW!!  We had the red and white pies and it has been some of the best pizza I have had since moving to the northeast.  The white pie was my absolute favorite and I look forward to my next visit here.I've been hitting up Tacconelli's since high school but that was before yelp was kewl. If you dont know the drill, cash only, call ahead and pre-order your dough (reservation obv), don't order more than 2/3 toppings. Oh they're also BYO!
I'm a thin pizza kinda gal and Tacconelli's fits my needs (hence the less than 3 toppings rule). We ordered a pepperoni, extra cheese, and white with spinach and tomatoes. I liked the white the best but all were great. 
Hands down best pizza in Philly.I've heard tales about Tacconelli's and now I know why it's a neighborhood staple and Philadelphia institution. The pizza is great. The crust is thin, the sauce is really tasty, and it's topped with quality cheese. This place has rules though, so be aware of them before you show up. You call ahead and order the number of pies you'll eat - if you're still hungry too bad. If you're full and want to cancel a pie, you're out of luck. You ordered it; you're taking it home. Totally Philly, right. Expect a crowd, some noise, and a pizza you'll still be thinking about a week later.I ate here with family from out of town about a month ago on a Saturday night, wanting to show them a Philly classic. The original  white pizza with spinach and tomato is always fantastic. Unfortunately, the service leading up to being seated was less than desirable. We had a reservation for 6:00 PM but we weren't seated until 6:45 with absolutely zero apologies from the host. 45 minutes waiting on their bench isn't the best of experiences.calling to reserve dough? and almost 20 bones for a pie ... in Kennsington? cuz the crust is thin enough my fat ass ate a whole pie by myself ? either way the margherita pizza is pretty tops. near perfect thin crust and a very nice sauce, I personally would take a bit more cheese but let's no quibble. I would stick to the margherita though, the other times I had pie's w/ toppings I have not been too impressed w/ the quality. the mushrooms tasted like they were from a can and the anchovies were pure shit. sausage and pepporoni were acceptable but the real star was the margherita...u sexy, saucy  little bitch !Make sure to make a reservation a few days in advance because they tend to book up. Made a reservation for a Friday night for 5 people and when we went in, got seated right away. Got 5 pizzas, the crust is thin so it's easy to have multiple slices....plain, Margherita, pepperoni, the special (white with tomatoes and spinach) and peppers and sausage. All delicious and able to take home whatever we didn't eat! Definitely recommend!Best pizza in Philadelphia, hands down.  Thin, sweet, garlicky, crispy while somehow still being chewy.  It's soooo good.  It's one of two pizza places that makes me say, "this is DEFINITELY the best pizza I've ever had" every time I eat there.  The other place is De Lorenzo's tomato pies in Trenton, NJ.  
Pizzas are a bit expensive and they are thin so you may need to order a bit more than you are used to but it's totally worth it.I won't lie and say the pizza is bad.  There is something wrong with someone who would claim that.  But $15/person for pizza in a place that serves NOTHING other than pizza, and serves it on paper plates, is a rip-off.  No salads, no pastas, no desserts, NOTHING OTHER THAN PIZZA.  This is absolutely not a place to bring a date or even a spouse.  It's unattractive and your breath will smell.
All that being said I would strongly recommend that potential diners ignore the temptation to order like you would in a regular pizza place IE pizza with pepperoni, sausage, green peppers, and onions, and do as the locals do;  Get a white pizza with crushed tomatoes and spinach.  I've been here numerous times and recently found the tomato sauce on the regular pies to by WAY too sweet.  I don't remember this being the case in the past - the recipe must have changed, and not for the better.Happy New Year!  
I came here with my friends for NYE dinner and we were lucky to get a table.  Its a one man show so you have to book the # of pies in advance.  That's because the oven can fit only 6 pizzas at a time.  This is a casual sitting, BYOB and you can even bring your own salad (I'm def doing that next time).  You are there for the homemade authentic Italian pizza, again made by one man, so patience is required.
The 5 of us shared 4 pies and we polished them!  My fave was the one with spinach and tomato.  Thin crust as is expected from authentic Ital pizza.  It was just awesome!  Great service and you can go in the kitchen area to watch the show too.
Perk:  There's a small parking lot one block away for patrons.  You will have a great time!I'm going to out and tell you that my review will not be an accurate reflection of how good Tacconelli's is. Many reviewers less humble than I would purport to provide an authoritative opinion on their culinary experience in a given review, although in reality they ordered the crappy "experimental" dish like 10 minutes before closing time on a Saturday night. 
Being a man of truthfulness - an Esq., even! - I will make no such misrepresentations. Instead, I will inform you here and now that when I review a restaurant, I tend to abide by the Rule of One. Meaning, if there is one entree at a restaurant that I love, then the place is getting 4 or 5 stars, even if the place is located in the middle of a fallout zone and all the other dishes at the place are made out of cyanide and pure materialized misanthropy. Tacconelli's is such a place and their margherita (with sausage and basil, natch) is that One Entree. I'm not even going to justify my love on a public forum because that would kick-start my withdrawal symptoms.
If you told me that eating this stuff would turn me into a kangaroo, I'd start looking for a joey I could wear in my pouch. The End.My favorite pizza ever..I have lived down the street from Tacconelli's my entire life and some of my first memories involve this pizza.
The basic red, and white with spinach pizzas are my absolute favorite. If you make reservations plan on waiting and make sure you "reserve" more pizza than you think you can eat because these pies disappear quickly.
Also the waitstaff is cranky and they will probably make you wait but the pizza itself is worth it.Best pizza in philly.... not much more to say. 
Order your dough ahead of time. Which take about what? 30 seconds? It's insanely easy, you can even call same day. The white pizza with spinach and tomato's is the greatest thing on the planet. Kinda of expensive tho. (like 20$) You get what you pay for.(to the tune of "Paris" by The Chainsmokers)
We were up in Port Richmond
Kinda feeling an itch for 
Some pizza, now
If you've got beer and wine somehow
BYOB for dinner WOW
Reserving the dough takes
a little forethought and some planning, yes
But you get what you're paying for
And those crispy pies will please a crowd, for sure.
If we get toppings, then we can only get two
We'll slowly eat our way through
The entire Tacconnelli's menu
(Entire menu, entire menu....)
We'll slowly eat our way through
The entire Tacconnelli's menu
Yeah that crust is so crunchy
And the menu's so tiny
But you'll be glad
They only do one thing, so don't get mad
These piping hot pizzas are not a fad
Gotta reserve dough
Pie's take an hour so enjoy your wine
Make a salad, and pass the time
Because that pizza: it's so, so fine.
If we get toppings, then we can only get two
We'll slowly eat our way through
The entire Tacconnelli's menu
(Entire menu, entire menu....)
We'll slowly eat our way through
The entire Tacconnelli's menu
Old school. They do ONE thing: pizza. Two toppings max. Reserve dough in advance. It takes a while, though, after you order. If you're hungry, bring some snacks! The pies come out as they're ready.  You won't be disappointed.
Unless you want soda, Following the soda tax, they'll shame you for ordering it, so just... BYO-something else.When my friend told me about reserving PIES in advance...I was like HUH???! SERIOUSLY?? but after having their awesome pie, I fell in love~ and it's BYOB! Even though it takes some times for each pie to come out since it's a "one man, one oven operation." it's just TOO GOOD that you forget how much time you had to wait for them. lol
TRY:
ALL of their pies 
SERVICE:
Good
AMBIANCE:
Family friendly.
I CANNOT WAIT to go back :)This is the best pizza ever!   It is so good, you have to make reservations. . . for the dough! I always burn the top of my mouth biting into their piping hot pizza with the oh so yummy tomato sauce chock full of garlic.  And their mushrooms aren't janky button mushrooms.  No, these are succulent, thick slices of heaven.  If you are in Philadelphia, you have to eat here!We were house sitting in the are and decided it was finally time to eat here, especially as it had just been written up as one of 50 things to try in Philly.  Went with friends, there were four of us, and two of us are known for being slightly piggish, so we got three pizzas.  After calling ahead. To order dough. Which seems stupid.  And annoying.  Pizza is supposed to be one of those care free foods, you pick it up on a whim, hence the not needing plates or silverware, but whatever Philly is as Philly does.
The white pizza was awesome, and I don't like white pizza.  The spinach topping was delicious and it was garlic-y enough to have bite.  The margarita pizza was great too, the plain pizza with mushrooms was ho-hum, nothing really special with canned mushrooms.  
The decor was low-key and casual, the place was loud but not Fudrucker's loud just kind of diner loud, never a distraction, just enough to keep your conversation relatively unheard.  
It was expensive for pizza.  Which was surprising, everything screams like the place is going to be an insane deal, and then it just wasn't. Not Osteria pricey, but definitely more than I expected. $18 for the Margarita pizza, and we ate all three.  
Definitely an experience restaurant, and if you're rich, maybe even a staple restaurant, for me it will be an out of town guest type treat.Top 5 pizza's in the city! This place is a bit of a drive (10-15mins) from the city but is definitely worth it. They use a brick oven that has been on premise since 1930's or something. Make sure you call in the morning or the day before to tell them exactly how many pies you want to order. If you have a big group coming also make sure they can accommodate you. Its a bit ridiculous that you have to order your pie in advance (hence the minus 1 star) but besides that the food itself is awesome. I think the oven might not be a BIG commercial size b/c it usually takes them forever to get the order to your table if you have over 2+ pies. We usually go there with 8-10 people and we end up spending 2+ hours. Also, they are a BYOB. I am a big fan of their margarita and sausage pizza! Do try!We got in here last minute on a Saturday night. (Thank you August vacationers!) Ordered two white pies, one with prosciutto the other with spinach and tomatoes.  Both were outstanding. Crispy, bubbly, garlicky, and a little bit salty, this pizza is unique and delicious. It puts all other pizza to shame. 
The place looks exactly like it did when I first came here as a Penn grad student in 1993. Turquoise Naugahyde booths, Tiffany lamps, woodgrain tables, and Guys and Dolls loos. So old school and relaxing. Love the long-armed wooden pizza paddle that allows the oven operator to insert pizza from 15' out.Tackynelli's The gimmick of reserving your dough in the morning, ohh how exotic!
I "reserved" my dough 30 minutes before I arrived.
Oh my god this is the best pizza I have ever had, I can't wait to go back. Oh I'm supposed to be reviewing tacconnelli's, not manfredi in napoli?..
Well here goes. We ordered a margarita. They made us wait long enough( 50 minutes) that you would expect the pizza to be amazing, maybe they were busy adding sugar to the sauce, that I am sure could be shaped into candy if it were placed in a mold. 
They lost a chunk of our pizza in the oven, then subtracted a proportionate amount of money from our bill as if each section of the not so large pizza was worth exactly $2, meaning the entire pizza costs $19 and some change, instead of giving us a discount proportionate to our inconvenience. Lest you think I am a cheapo, I would gladly pay $30 for a nice sized pizza that could replicate napolitano pizza.
Oh and they used THAI basil on the pizza?? The pizza tasted like basil and licorice.
To summarize: The 50 minute wait, average taste, exorbitant price. I wouldn't go so far as to recommend chucky cheese's over this place, but go anywhere else that is somewhat good.Went here for the first this past weekend.  Not impressed AT ALL,    first off   we had ordered 3 Pizzas,   sit down at 6:30  and maybe close 7:30 a waitress comes by and says   something happened to one of the pizzas,  sorry we are working on it.  ok  so in half hour  they could not bring out one of the others we ordered.  Did they try and make good for it,  take one pizza off the bill NOPE  NOTHING!!   Pizza was close to burnt,  I understand thin crust,  not a big fan But I  understand it however  they rushed out the pizzas at this point which is now 7:30 by the time we saw one slice it was WAY over done.  I have had better pizza in school cafeterias. Sorry  everybody, I dont see the big fuss about this place is.  Im in NE philly,  I will stick to good old ALDOS!!!!Great small town feel! Only serve pizza. The best pizza in town- hands down! Red and white checkered plastic table cloth, paper plates, and paper cups. Highly unpretentious and very charming!!This is a great old time pizza place.  The pizza is really good.  It has a thin crust and is very tasty.I have been eating here since I was a little kid and now bring my entire family here.  The best pizza in the world.  You need to call ahead and order your dough but the pizza is amazing.  My 6 year old son love it here as well.  Highly recommend it. Family owned and operate forever.Best pizza in Philadelphia. Period. Call ahead to reserve the dough. BYOB. Downside is the neighborhood it it's better than it used to be.Went last night with a party of 9. The pizzas were perfectly done. The pepperoni, white w/tomatoes, onion, plain white w/garlic...all were crisp but not burnt. Some in the family claim that  timing your visit is everything. Delicious. The peppers in oil that they serve along with the pizza (long hots?) just make the pizza even more special. Take a few bottle of wine, some friends and family and it's a perfect night!If you like real pizza in a real, authentic Philadelphia setting, and you like having a good time -- this place is for you.
The pies are so good and are made with attention to detail and quality. The crispness was spot on and the cheese, sauce, and toppings ratio was spot on.
Their white pie with spinach and tomatoes was surprisingly a standout of the meal, would highly recommend. The pepperoni is also very good.
Atmosphere is authentically Philly neighborhood vibe which is very cool. If you think having paper plates or plastic cups as part of your dining experience impacts your ability to experienced a amazing pizza, than this place may not be for you. For me I think it only adds to the experience!
This place is a BYO. Be sure to bring your own wine and beer, we even saw some people coming from a tailgate bring in a rolling cooler!Tacconelli's is a family owned pizzeria in Port Richmond. The inside of Tacconelli's seems like any other pizzeria but it's the quality of their pizza that  sets them apart. Their pizza has a thinner crust and you must order the dough ahead of time. I tried the white pizza with spinach and whole tomatoes which was delicious. I also had a slice of the regular pie sausage and one with pepperoni. They are know for their white pizza, but I personally liked the regular pies better. The sauce was just perfect and had a sweetness to it.  Tacconelli's is also BYOB which is nice. It is a little pricier than other pizza places but worth it. Make sure to order the dough ahead of time as they do sell out relatively quickly.A Fishtown gem. The white pie is amazing.
And the classic tomato and cheese is no dog it's worth the wait. I would recommend ordering an extra pie because you're going to be loathing for this the next dayThere is pizza and there is Tacconelli's pizza. Everyone else can just hope to be nearly as good.I have eaten every pizza that they have. The Margarhita truly lets you appreciate their wonderful sauce. Perfectly crisp thin crust, right amount of sauce, perfect amount of cheese, toppings. Have al lthe extra seasonings o nthe table like they should. I you do not like this pizza, then you are without a shadow of a doubt a moron, an idiot, have no actual tastebuds in your mouth at all, are from New York, and/or just suck at life in general. Don't go there again and go order you papa johns or if you are fro mthe other end go order a 20 dollar pizza at osteria and stick your food pretensions up your butt.Yes, you have to call to reserve your dough but the margherita pizza is just amazing and worth the wait and hassle.  The crust is remarkably thin and simultaneously crispy, chewy, and flavorful.  The sauce is flavorful and topped off by the perfect amount of mozzarella and basil.  Love it!  BYOB and bring stuff to do while you wait (that iphone and ipad will definitely come in handy).-Tacconelli's made the one of top 10 us pizza lists so I had to try it when I was in town 
-Reserved my pie three days in advance for pick-up 
-Want to go back to eat in (byob) and really cute and comfy inside
-I got the cheese pizza with extra cheese... sauce was really good and so was the pizza but the dough wasn't cooked all the way so I wasn't overly impressed  
Best pizza ever is still in NJ/NY but this pizza is very good for Philly. 
Eat in and byob.The pizza, when not burnt, is pretty darn good. The customer service, however, is pretty darn bad. And it's BYOB. 
I went with a group of about 8 girls and arrived 20 mins early for our 7:30 pm reservation. We ordered 8 pizzas (too many) and were told they would bring them out as they were ready since you can only fit 4 pies on a table at a time (valid point). We didn't receive our first pizza until well after 9 pm when other tables around us, who arrived later than us, received their first and second rounds. I will mention that a few of the pies were charred (read: burnt) but not inedible. 
We received our last pizza after 10 pm, which was BURNT. Not charred from the oven, but burnt to hell with the crust so hard I couldn't bite it. The waitress told me either I could keep the pizza (and pay for it) or she could throw it away, but they didn't have any more dough left so she couldn't replace it. I chose to throw it away instead of pay $22 for something I couldn't eat. 
I recommend asking for the pizza to be on the under-cooked side and maybe you'll get a perfectly cooked pizza. Because the ones that weren't burnt were exceptional. 
Oh, parking. There is a "lot" quite close. I use quotations because I'm not sure it's a parking lot, just an open space where cars were already parked. I blocked my friend in so we could fit two-deep.Eh....kind of disappointed what with all the hype of reserving the dough ahead of time. The pizzas were good, but the wait to receive them was insane. We waited at least an hour for 2 pizzas and then another half hour for our third (which by then we kind of just wanted to leave as we were full!). When the bill came, I couldn't believe it was $56 for 3 pizzas! I'm glad I got to experience it as I have heard a lot about it but I'm pretty sure I won't go back! I mean, regular pizza from my generic neighborhood pizzeria is maybe not quite as good but the price is right and it's ready in 10 minutes!Saw Tacconelli's on the Food Network as one of the Top 50 Pizza Restaurants in America.  Being from New Haven, I was surprised to see any Philly pizza make the top 50.  Tacconelli's is deserving.  Thin and crispy crust with a great sauce.  The tomato and spinach is the signature pie and delicious.  Loved the bubbles on the crust.
Sure, this is just one guy's opinion, but WIP named it Best Pizza in Philly.  And, then there's the Food Network Top 50 in America.The pizza is good, but the service is TERRIBLE. I brought my children and friends and we waited for over an hour for our pizza (dough for which I had to pre-order that morning). The older waitress sneered at us and made a number of insulting comments. While the pizza is good, it is not worth leaving children to sit and wait for over an hour while other tables get served and dealing with rude servers. We made the trip from Center City and I was excited to support a family business, but it was clear that our business is not welcome. I recommend enjoying one of the many other great pizza shops in Philadelphia.Simply the best pizza in Philadelphia. Amazing thin crust. Sometimes they're sold out and you can't order it on a whim but if you have the time to reserve your dough...it's the best.The pizza was good. It is overpriced. The mushrooms and pizza sauce tasted like they came out of the can. The soda was good! But other than that just walk by and say 'Well, I am not going to eat here!"It's so funny - the combination of all of these reviews is so accurate to explain what to expect, but still it doesn't really prepare you for this place. 
I'll write a few new things that, in addition to everything else said here (reserve your dough, be prepared to wait, it's kind of expensive, the pizza is great, etc.), will maybe help even more. 
Reserve your dough: Yep. But a day before or even in the morning? No - this is not what I experienced. We called up 30 minutes before we told them we were going to turn up and got two pies set aside for us, no problem. 
You will wait : Well, sort of. You won't wait too long to sit down, but look around and  you'll realize there is a reason some people brought enough booze to tailgate a Phils game. You will chill at your table for a while.  We waited almost an hour for our pizza. BRING BEER or else you'll sip on warm diet coke for your hour of waiting because the wait staff is just not used to serving drinks. Everyone has coolers full of beer. You need to bring beer to make this experience work. It's no big deal to wait a bit as long as you're prepared. 
The pizza is amazing:  Sure. I'll buy that. It is pretty good. Just heed this warning: 
Skip anchovies. 
Seriously, I have never seen a restaurant put this many anchovies on a pizza. It was so salty it was almost inedible. We did get a 2nd pie that was less aggressive. Crisp, fresh, tasty sauce. Just trust me on the anchovies. We kind of did it as an experiment, and when you wait an hour for your pizza, you don't want to take chances. So.salty.
It's expensive: Yep, that one is on target. We paid almost fifty dollars for two pizzas. But you know why? Because they have to charge that much. It's like supply and demand on crack. They have only one oven. It takes an hour for every pizza to come out, and they know they have a good product. They have to charge a lot to turn a profit with those turnaround times. It sounds odd given that they sell out every night, but think about it. They sell out because they are so limited in how many pies they can sell per night and have no liq license. You're paying for that relatively stubborn approach to production. 
So...at the end of the day, I'm glad I went. It was an experience and something I've been meaning to do. In the future, though, I will order my pies in advance and get them for take out at a time I can come in and pick them up, and then I'll just heat them in the oven at home and enjoy at home. The pizza is great, but the way they operate is a hassle. I'm not complaining, and I knew what I was getting into, and I know why it is how it is. I am just saying, it's for some people and it's not for others.Do you have to order your doughs in advance?  YES
Do you wait unreasonably long or your pizza?  YES
Is it loud and cramped?  YES
IS IT THE BEST PIZZA ON THE PLANET?  YES!!Tacconelli's without a doubt the best pizza in Philadelphia. If you don't want to take my word for it feel free to take it from 610-WIP, GQ, Playboy, Citysearch, Best of Philly Magazine or Zagat. And Forbes 10 Best Pizzas in the US, Eater.com, Philly Beer & Food ... 
The pizza is thin crust style cooked in a brick oven. I highly recommend the White with Spinach and Tomato, Margerita and Regular with Pepperoni and Sausage, they're all spectacular. 
Now on to why other reviewers seem to complain: 
Yes, you have to order your dough ball in advance. They can only cook a certain number of pizzas in the brick oven at once so once they hit the limit for that day you're SOL. They're open Wednesday through Sunday and sell out every night. If you don't want to order the dough, that's fine it just makes it easier for those of us who've mastered the use of the telephone. 
UPDATE: Some other reviewers seem to think Tacconelli's doesn't order enough ingredients, etc. which is why you need to reserve dough. I can confirm that is not the case. They've been doing this long enough they know exactly how many pies they can cook each night. Suppose that number is 200. They will accept reservations up to 195 pies, leaving a few for the staff at the end of the night and in case one or 2 get burned in the oven. The local residents, PD and FD often try to stop in 15 minutes before they close knowing the reserve pies might be available since John rarely screws up. The only thing I've ever heard of them running out of is sausage later in the night.
Yes, the pizza is more expensive than the delivery place around the corner from your house. Of course going simply by the supply and demand theory of economics it's under priced since the demand is far greater than the supply. Again why you need to order the dough in advance. 
Yes, there is a wait, but the pizza is made from scratch when you order it and there's a restaurant full of people ahead of you. However it's a BYOB, bring a cooler of beer or a bottle of wine and sit and enjoy yourself while you're waiting. 
Yes, they would like you to leave fairly soon after you finish eating. That's probably because they're trying to serve the mass of people who always seem to be sitting on the benches waiting for a table. If you want more time go later in the evening to avoid the dinner rush and hungry eyes of everyone waiting for their turn to get their pie. 
As far as the waitresses being rude, I've never personally experienced that. They've always been sweet, very helpful and attentive to me. What I can tell you is that if you have an attitude or complain about any of the aforementioned items, don't expect them to smile and take it like the High Schooler at your local Pizza Hut. If you didn't bother to find out what to expect before you went, that's your fault. Deal with it. They don't need you to come back ... remember the whole supply and demand thing. They know if you don't buy that pizza next time, it's OK, because I will.
UPDATE: Another tip, If you're a duechebag or have duechebag tendencies don't bother going. Case in point, this past Saturday. My wife, son and I are enjoying our pizza when the booth across from us (2 couples, one guy in a pink shirt, clearly the d-bag) starts complaining about the wait. They had come in before us, but we got our pizza first, etc. The waitress explained one of their pizzas had sausage which takes longer to cook than the White with Spinach & Tomato we ordered. Should have been the end there, but of course pink shirt guy couldn't drop it. Kept complaining then loudly made the brilliant comment "Well then I don't want my 2 pizzas anymore". I couldn't let a stupid comment like that, and I love the sausage there, so I quickly offered take that one, then the group behind me took the other. Pink shirt guys dining companions just looked at him, suddenly realizing they'd waited for nothing, because they went with a d-bag. The lesson: Act like a jackass and not only might the waitress take you down a notch, the regulars might too.if you go there call ahead of time once the dough is reserved for customers there is no more i called about 2weeks ago to reserve dough i was told it was all sold out. dont call it a pizza when you order one call it a tomato pie if you call it a pizza they will hang up on you.Tacconelli's is the pretty girl that thinks she can just stomp all over your heart and make you jump through hoops because she knows you'll still love her no matter what...
...and sadly, she's right.
Everything you've heard is true. You have to call ahead the morning of to reserve your dough. You have to drive out to mysterious depths of Kensington. You have to wait forever to be noticed. You have to wait forever and a half to be served.
But holy crap, the quality of the pizza they serve is like the definition of the term "worth it." The crust is thin, the sauce fabulously sweet, the toppings fresh. Go with the white, margherita, or spinach pies. You can also do half and half, but I don't think the results are as good.
Oh, and bring your own beer (they only have soda there). Always makes everything better.Wow... I can't believe people think Tacconelli's is good pizza...  It's obvious most have never actually had good pizza.  If you think sauce from a can, uncooked pepperoni, no garlic on the menu, and "crust" as thin as your napkin which means you can't get more then two toppings, spells good pizza, then frozen "steak-em" meat must also satisfy your cheese steak appetite.  I saw a photo of the owner in front of Pepe's pizza in new Haven with his thumbs down.  That's another joke.  It's ridiculous to even explain the many ways Pepe's puts Taconelli's to shame, but here's just a few: home-made sauce, home made sausage, real garlic, olive oil, crust to die for: the very thing that creates hour waiting lines virtually every day -10 degrees or downpours and why Presidents dine there and why NYC residents drive all the way to New Haven just for Pepes pizza.  I've just tried Taconelli's for the 2nd time in the past 8 years.   I figured I should give it another shot, but I duped by the hype.  It was really lousy - I'm sorry to say, b/c I really love great pizza and wanted to think there was some here in Philly.  But, no need to try again...  Seriously, everyone that gave them 5 stars, you need to try real pizza - Pepes.  It'll make you rewrite your review here...As if Tacconelli's needs anymore positive reviews, but here I go anyway.  So I have HAD Tacconelli's (the my dad brought it home as a leftover and I ate it for breakfast kind and it was the best breakfast I had) but I had never actually BEEN to Tacconelli's before. 
I had been dying to get there to try out their pie and lent was approaching.  What a better excuse than lent to go out for Pizza on a Friday (as if anyone needs an excuse for pizza).  Anyway I suggested to the BF that he invite his friends to come down from their faraway land of Bucks County to go out with us for pizza and before we knew it our reservation grew from 2 to 7 people (and 5 pies because why not).  They suggest 2 people per 1 pie and for fear of like I dunno going hungry (like that would ever happen) we rounded up.  It kinda worked out perfect but we did end up with about 7 or 8 extra slices, a hodge podge of what was left over from each pie.
Let me cut to the chase.  This pizza was amazing and I would go back and eat it every Friday and probably never grow sick of it.  The crust was thin and it was so full of flavor and now I am just salivating writing this review.
Facts:
*Need one pie for every two people.
*BYOB because it makes it that much more fun.
*Don't order a lot of toppings because the crust can't really support it, just get more pies with less toppings.
BTW, the BF's friends like never heard of Tacconelli's (crazy, I know) and they were all "where did you find this place and OMG".  Thank you Tacconelli's our friend's now think we are geniuses who have discovered something that other people don't know about (haha, fools).Have to get the sausage pizza with extra cheese!! It's the best. I always have a great experience here and the family who owns this place is beyond awesome. It's legit!This place is totally worth the schlep.  Order your dough in advance and make sure to order enough!  Best to drive or bike here, but can take the El if you really have to, but it's a bit of a walk.  
If you like thin crust and not so oily that you can't get up the next day, this is your place.At Tacconelli's, it's their way or the highway. But I think they've earned that right. Pre-order your dough- pay with cash (and bring enough for $20 a pie!)- bring your own beverages-- and don't expect any sides/appetizers because they ain't got'm. All fine by me! When we sat down the waitress warned us it would take 45 minutes. Unheard of under normal circumstances, but this is no normal pizza joint. And it was worth every minute of the wait! I was with a party of 5 and 3 pies were the perfect amount. 2 whites with spinach and tomatoes, one regular with mushroom and onion. Both were amazing-thin, crispy, flavorful slices of heaven. I'm not usually a fan of white pizza but theirs is really special. This is a must order when you come. I can't believe it took me 23 years to get here, but it defiantly won't be long til I return!This is my ideal pizza- super thin crust, crispy pie that has a crunch with every bite, and wonderfully flavorful sauce and cheese.  This is the best pizza I've ever had- even better than Pepe's in New Haven.  The only downfall is that you have to call ahead of time to reserve your dough and it still takes a bit of time for your pizza to come out.  You can, however, pick out your toppings when you get there.
The waitress was friendly and informed us there was extra dough left in case we wanted to order another pie- and yes, we did!  If this place had delivery, I'd be ordering from here all the time.  Why can't good pizza in Philly be easily obtainable?My last meal on earth would be, without as doubt, Tacconelli's.  I used to only get white with tomatoes.  Then I switched to plain white.  Most recently I rediscovered the beuatiful wonders of the regular pie. YUM!! But honestly, plain white is the way to go!!!I thought I would try hearing of all the great reviews, I just don't understand what the hype is about cracker thin burnt crust is not what I want to pay 12 dollars for they are making a big profit off their customers that is for sure the pizza most likely cost 2 dollars to make but people are will to pay?? I don't understand I love a pizza with lots of cheese and I also like a pizza that is not burnt. Never ever again waste of time and money that is for sure.Called Friday night to reserve dough and was told the only dough available was for 4PM or 9PM which just goes to show how popular this place is. We trekked from Center City just to try out this place and it was well worth it. 
With the place packed, we waited about 25 minutes after ordering to receive our pizza. We ordered extra cheese (recommended if you like cheese because the regular pie comes with little cheese) with onions. The crust was a bit crispy/dry for me but I am not a huge crust person. The sauce was the perfect blend of sweet and tangy. The pie was the right size to leave the two of us satisfied but not overly stuffed, and we could have eaten more if we had ordered another pie. My only complaint is that it was a bit overpriced ($21 for 1 pie with 2 toppings, no drinks), but for once in awhile it is totally worth it. We shall return!The service was a bit slow, however definitely worth the wait. The pizza was delicious, best I've ever had...if you enjoy a thin crust pizza, this is a must.This is legit the best pizza I've ever had! Considering I live in Fishtown down the street from Pizza Beddia and Pizza Brain, which both have a terrific reputation. I would choose Tacconelli's every. Damn. Day! The pizza is so thin and crunchy with delicious sauce. The pepperoni is amazing! It's a super popular place, so they recommend you call a day ahead to reserve your dough. Not the most convenient, but absolutely worth it. They don't deliver either, but it's truly worth the drive to Kensington from ANYWHERE in the city. If you like pizza, you MUST try this spot!Tacconelli's without a doubt the best pizza in Philadelphia. If you don't want to take my word for it feel free to take it from 610-WIP, GQ, Playboy, Citysearch, Best of Philly Magazine or Zagat. 
The pizza is thin crust style cooked in a brick oven. I highly recommend the White with Spinach and Tomato, Margerita and Regular with Pepperoni and Sausage, they're all spectacular. 
Now on to why other reviewers seem to complain: 
Yes, you have to order your dough ball in advance. They can only cook a certain number of pizzas in the brick oven at once so once they hit the limit for that day you're SOL. They're open Wednesday through Sunday and sell out every night. If you don't want to order the dough, that's fine it just makes it easier for those of us who've mastered the use of the telephone. 
Yes, the pizza is more expensive than the delivery place around the corner from your house. Of course going simply by the supply and demand theory of economics it's under priced since the demand is greater than the supply. Again why you need to order the dough in advance. 
Yes, there is a wait, but the pizza is made from scratch when you order it and there's a restaurant full of people ahead of you. However it's a BYOB, bring a cooler of beer or a bottle of wine and sit and enjoy yourself while you're waiting. 
Yes, they would like you to leave fairly soon after you finish eating. That's probably because they're trying to serve the mass of people who always seem to be sitting on the benches waiting for a table. If you want more time go later in the evening to avoid the dinner rush and hungry eyes of everyone waiting for their turn to get their pie. 
As far as the waitresses being rude, I've never personally experienced that. They've always been sweet, very helpful and attentive to me. What I can tell you is that if you have an attitude or complain about any of the aforementioned items, don't expect them to smile and take it like the High Schooler at your local Pizza Hut. If you didn't bother to find out what to expect before you went, that's your fault. Deal with it. They don't need you to come back ... remember the whole supply and demand thing. They know if you don't buy that pizza next time, it's OK, because I will.The pizza here is very good to excellent.   I have had better, but this pizza is hard to beat.  Yes you do have to reserve your dough, but the call is worth placing.  The location is not horrible, but indeed its not a spot you would visit on an average trip to Philly.  The reason I give this place four stars rather than five is because I live by one of the best, if not the best pizza join in the US.  Thus, I am quite spoiled.  If I lived in Philly this would be my pizza spot, it is excellent pizza.  The staff is friendly and this too makes the experience worth a visit.  Do try the white pizza... its excellent!  FYI, the place is BYOB.  Wine and Beer only.Our 1st visit. we got 2 pizzas. 1 with pepperoni & a white one with spinach. both were delicious. little pricey for us. total was $38  I was disappointed that they don't have broccoli as a topping for the white pizza. waitress was very nice.  very greasy but delicious. would go again.Delicious pizza -- we had a margherita, a white pizza with spinach and sweet peppers, and a tomato pizza with half pepperoni and half sausage, and they were all great. Just don't forget that you have to call in advance to reserve the dough.I've got mixed feelings about here. I went here for my birthday last week, and knew the deal to reserve my dough a few days ahead since I went on a Friday night. If this review was on the food taste only, it would be five stars... it was phenomenal! I love thin crust pizza and the margarita pie was amazing. We were a larger group (10 people) and we reserved 6 pies. Only two slices remained, and everyone left satisfied. I gotta say the reason I did not leave this review at the five stars is because of the pricing, and the wait. I understand the culture and preservation of originality the restaurant has with its one oven, but having an 8PM reservation, being seated at 8:20PM, order not taken until 8:30PM, and first round of pizzas coming out at 9:15PM was a little annoying. Thankfully, its BYOB (and definitely make sure you bring some) because the wait would have seen much longer if it wasn't for the beers. I would love trying to go back on a weekday, but I probably won't want to go back on a Friday night. Lastly, I think being charged around $20 for a medium sized pie is a little overpriced, but I would say it's worth it to try for the experience and to treat yourself once in a while.The place is definitely more about the experience than the food, which is pretty standard. A lot of the ingredients aren't fresh (ie, canned), and the toppings you can get on your pizza are quite limited. Bring some beer and friends, be open to something new, and Tacconelli's is a good time.
Tacconelli's is something everyone living in Philly should experience at least once. It's unique because you have to call ahead and reserve your dough (as in tell them how many pies you want). I've never had to make reservations here, but have heard it's a hassle. And it's quite a hike up to Port Richmond for most people living in the city, but at the same time it's nice to see a different part of Philadelphia. 
I do really like that you can tell this is a family-owned business. They're not professional chefs or trained waitstaff, and they don't make any apologies for that.The rules of Tacconelli's:
1. Call ahead to reserve your dough and make reservations
2. Drive there on time, allowing 5 extra min to park
3. Order the red pizza with pepperoni as well as the margherita!
4. Food coma.I grew up on Tacconelli's and in my time on this little planet I can say without any hesitation, it's still the best pizza I've ever had. 
Every time I'm in Philly I make a habit of going. Order your pie early and don't be a sucker, it's all about the spinach pie here. The sauce is their secret and their pies are a gift from Heaven. If you think there is a pizza out there better than this please let me know, so I can suggest a good shrink for you.
No place in New York comes close. Not Lombardi, Di Fari, L&B, Joe's or Grimaldi. I had them all and they're not touching Tacconelli's. I say this with the utmost confident. I respect food and I stand by my word.This place's pizza was all it had been hyped up to me.  It's always crazy busy, and you have to reserve spots and how many pies you want, but it's worth it.  Their pies are thin and extremely flavourful - their margherita is amazing. It takes extremely long for them to make them for you, which is kind of annoying, but if you have some wine (it's B.Y.O.B.) it will pass the time.  
So, service - 2 stars, Pizza - 4 starsFor Philly, this is good pizza. It tastes kind of like the pizza from back home in CT; just not as tasty and flavorful. The waitress we had was very friendly and so were the people that dined around us. It was a good expirience. The area though...they should move the business to a safer environment. This area of Philly made me depressed. There are lots of depressing places all over, I know, but this took the cake for me as far as i've seen. Good pizza place; horrible area.If I reviewed this after my first visit, it would definitely be five stars.  Do not get me wrong: Tacconelli's is simply a MUST see Port Richmond attraction; I would go as far to say that it is a must-see Philly attraction.  From the fact that you have to "order your dough in advance," to BYOB, to the paper plates: this place is unique.  This place is as bare bones and simple as you can get.  They are confident in their excellent pizzas and know they don't need the frills or cheap tricks.  The last two times though, our pizza was burnt.  That is frustrating because since all they do is pizza, that shouldn't happen.  Service is hit or miss too.  We seem to always get the one waitress is forgetful and not helpful...  However, I hope the owners see this review and take the feedback, because really, this place is a neighborhood gem I hope to continue to frequent for years to come...this place rocks. best pizza i've ever had. thin crust, brick oven style. waitresses are seasoned and will definitely give you advice on what to order. call ahead to reserve your dough and err on the side of reserving too much.Easily the best pizza in Philadelphia.  Thin crust and prefectly coook in their famous brick oven.  It does not get better than this place.  Remember to call early to reserve your dough.  I  recommend the spinanch and tomato or white pizza extra cheese and basil.  Awesome!!My vote for best pizza in Philadelphia area. Thin crunchy crust, delicious flavor, without the saltiness. Little expensive but they deserve to charge a premium.I've read a lot of the comments about Tacconelli's pizza. And you can't seem to be able to say it, so I'll shout it out for all of you.
Tacconelli makes the best pizza in Philadelphia.
Havana Banana BillYes I dragged a bunch of people to the middle of nowhere for what's claimed to be the best pizza in Philly. Was it worth it?Totally.. Yep you have to pre-order your dough- a seemingly bizarre concept but whatevs-it's a minor inconvenience.. As soon as you take a bite of their crispy delicious pizza- all is forgotten. The ambiance (or lack thereof) also seemed to go unnoticed as we shoveled slices of piping hot pizza in our mouth..
We ended up ordering the margarita- amazing!! Fresh mozarella and basil with sweet tomato sauce- so good!! The white pizza with spinach and fresh tomatoes- also very good but a tad bit oily plus you might want to skip this one if you're planning on smooching your dinner patron- super garlicky!!! And my least favorite but still surprisingly good- the meat o rama.. Pepperoni and sausage- the guys requested this one and I have to say pepperoni never tasted so good..
 The pies are pricier than expected but well worth it.. Plus it's byo so any money that would have been spent on an overpriced bar bill can be spent on pricey pies...I've heard nothing but great things about this place, but...
I lucked out and found a parking spot right in front of the place. My significant other and I had hardly eaten and were quite ready to taste the "Best Pizza in Philly." 
I think our server was drunk on the red wine a previous table left behind and our 2 pies came out 1 hour and 20 minutes after ordering, unacceptable. 
Our server never asked if we needed anything, but did however tell us that it was really hot in the kitchen and apologized for the delay. 
Friday nights in the city, during the Summer, are slow for the local restaurants; therefore, there is absolutely no excuse for 2 "thin crust" pizzas to take over an hour to hit our table 10 minutes apart from each other. 
Get it together Tacconelli's...I wish I could give 10 stars - hands down best pizza I've ever had. This place is a little hole in the wall but the pizza is amazing everytime. Make sure to call ahead to reserve your dough. Try the pepperoni and the spinach pies- now if only I lived in Philly and could eat this regularly!Finally, after the third try, I finally made a reservation for weekend dinner.  For the weekend, don't just count on making your reservation the day of, or even the night before.  
For a table of 4, we ordered the white pie with spinach and tomatoes and the margerita pie with sausage and onions.  They were both deliciously made, thin crust just the way I like it.  The white pie especially was amazing because it was so garlicky.  Yum!  It was my first time there--the server recommended the white pie with spinach and tomatoes (their signature pie) and it did not disappoint.
If there's anything critical I have to say, it's that I wish their dough was not as tough.  I think it made chewing a little more difficult so in that sense it does not quite compare to some thin crusts that I've had in NYC.
But still a great place, I'm definitely coming back.The pizzas are good, period!  The whole wheat crust is OK but better at Couch Tomato.  The people are nice enough, the inside looks exactly like a pizzaria should  what  is up with ordering your dough?  This has got to be one of the best marketing ideas since Geraldo opened Al Capone's safe.  Only Geraldo got zero payoff, the genius behind Tacconelli's made it pay for decades.  It never made sense to me.  You want to reserve something that is perishable or is in short supply, I can see it.  But its pizza dough!  It costs a dime a silo.  The pizzas fine, not unlike a half dozen others, largely not household names,I can name if given 10 minutes.  Would I go if I lived in Port Richmond, sure.  Would I travel from Bala, uhhh no.I love this place the pizza is sooo good really I love it and so does most people who go there ...must try in the port richmond areaThis is one of the easiest five star reviews I'll ever give.  I tried three pizzas, one "magrite" (sp?) that was ok, a mushroom on a red sauce that was ok, and then my favorite pizza of all time.
It's a thin crust white pizza topped with spinach soaked in garlic and olive oil.  I literally ate every bite very slowly, chewing it to appreciate the perfect interplay between the taste of the dough, the spinach, the garlic, and the olive oil.  
I finished a piece of all three and announced that the spinach and garlic pizza might possibly be the very best thin crust pizza I have every eaten in my 41 years.
The service was friendly and I didn't notice the speed of the pizzas, but I had a glass of wine (BYOB) and some good conversationalists, so time didn't matter as much.What's the big deal about this place??
Finally reserved my dough to be able to dine here for date night.  Pizza lovers, pay attention because the overemphasized and ridiculous requirement of reserving a dough is really nothing more than the establishment being cheapskates and only wanting to serve exactly what will be ordered.  Also.  Very overpriced.
The pizza was simply okay.  I could get this too thin crust pizza anywhere else with an often better quality.  Some of the ingredients seemed to come out of a can, and the crust, while good, is not worth any sort of extra trip.
The service is horrendous.  It was not that busy, and despite being "acknowledged" many times by different staff, it took 5 extra minutes to get attended to.  There seems to be no system in place there.  People just do what they feel like.
Tableware comes in the form of paper plates and ultra-thin napkins.  If you're lucky like we were, you'll get an used plate wedged in with clean ones.I remember going here when I was little and hating it because it was "burnt." I now know that it's brick oven style pizza. It's great.I still have pizza dreams about the pie I ate here a while back. But if you had told me I'd be all nostalgic as I was driving through the area, trying to find my way to this joint, I probably would have punched you in the nose. Let's just say you should be aware if you follow Google Maps from my house to Tacconelli's. Moving on...
The restaurant itself is in a fine neighborhood, though, and looks like an old school, mom & pop establishment. We went with a large group, so I didn't have to be the one to reserve the dough, but I was excited and a little confused as to how a business could operate that way. They seem to be doing just great, though, so don't mind me - it was absolutely packed on the Saturday night we dined there. The pies themselves were good, the service was ok and the energy in the place was high. I like to try as many places as I can, so I'm glad I came here, but I'm not going to go out of my way to make this a regular stop for my fairly frequent pizza cravings.I have been meaning to try out Taconellis for awhile now. If you live in Philly you will eventually hear of this nostalgic pizza place in which you must order your dough one day ahead of time!!
I have to say that the customer service on the phone and in person was genuine and nice, dealing with "the family" seemed fun and our waitess was a cutie!! I loved the old world feel of  the interior which reminded me of a nice family run Italian eatery! 
I appreciate the no nonsense, pizza only, simplicity of Tacconelli's but then I tasted the pizza. The dough was ok, the sauce was ok, the cheese was ok, the creative options were ok. It was just ok. We tried three different varieties. Me and my friend agreed, just ok. 
Maybe Tac lost it's fire? Maybe they were having a bad day? I will give them another try again soon. Overall though, it's wonderful, unique pizza that would rival any other pizza eatery.This place is unbelievably inconvenient to give business to. They're cash only, have weird hours, they have limited seating, and require reservations. The service also has a take your business or leave it attitude. It's also very expensive. 
How do they get away with all this? Because they know their pizza is the best, and so do their return customers.good pizza good customers service the only thing didnt likis u have to ordera day ahead to get byob wich good for friend getting together but goos spotHere's why they didn't get 5 stars (because they're pizza is absolutely 5 star quality):  the place is a pain in the ass.  First, if you have to call a bunch of times at 11am to tell them you want to come in after 7 that night for a pizza, why the he'll do they make you wait an hour when you get there for the pizza I called for 8hrs before?I can't even attempt to describe how good this place is, because I would never be able to really do it justice.  Hands down, the BEST pizza I have tasted.  Paper thin crusts with the freshest, and most flavorful ingredients, this pizza literally MELTS in your mouth.  That is after you burn the roof of your mouth because you're never patient enough to let the darn thing cool down!   You just want to enhale the pizza the moment the pie hits your table!  If you go in a group, make sure to call in advance to let them know how many pizzas you'll be ordering!  They make their dough fresh!Wow. This place is so great. IF you can get in. You have to order the dough ahead of time, which was what our friend did. We ordered the margarita and the white pizza with spinach. Both were really good and I ate way too much. You kind of feel like a celebrity eating here because not everyone can get in. I can't wait to go back!!I went here with a group from my girlfriends work and they are regulars. There were over 15-20 of us and they had made the dough reservations in advanced.
I tried all of the pizza types that came out besides the meat ones (I'm a vegetarian) and they were all phenomenal.
The sauce is addicting. The crust is perfect, and the service was top notch. 
Worth every penny.Oh Tacconelli's, I love you.
I love you so very very much, and wish SOOOOO badly that I could give you five stars.  Groups of people flock to you with coolers full of beer and other libations, and seem to be having an AMAZING meal.  Unfortuntately, I just can't based on the service and wait times.
Yes, you call ahead to reserve your dough.  Yesterday (Thursday) I called in around 7:00 PM for dinner slightly after, and was ok for 1 pie.  You will be blown away by the pie itself.  5 stars every time.  The pizza on this occasion (extra cheese, sausage) was absolutely perfect.  Crust that cracked, but was still chewy in all the right ways.  Perfect amount of cheese.  Plenty of sausage.  The sauce is just sublime.  The white pie is a must try with garlic, salt, pepper, and that crust!  It is the best pizza in Philadelphia and it isn't close.
The wait is what makes it a 4 star restaurant though.  We didn't wait too long for a table (which you should be prepared for), but once we were seated it seemed to take forever.  I'm talking more than 1 hour before the pie came out.  
I know, the oven is temperamental.  They only cook one pie at a time, or whatever.  I'm really ok with all that.  I'm no as ok only getting 1 drink refilled during that time, and not getting any "it'll just be a few minutes" or other checkins from the waitress.  
I also didn't like putting $40 down for a $24 meal (1 pie, 2 sodas) and only getting $10, $5, and $1 for the change.  Yes, it is accurate, but basically forced me to either look like a jerk by asking for five $1s, or tip $5 for below average service.
I'll let my reading public guess which I did.A lot of hype and a lot of rules, but 100% worth it.  The pizza is great and the sauce taste like the tomatoes were just picked from the vines. It's a must try!  The staff/family are very friendly!I'm embarrassed to have lived in town for eight years without trying TP before last weekend.  It was delicious THIN THIN crust pie.  Recently, I have tried Stella, Zavino and Osteria, so comparisons were unavoidable.  That said, you can't compare apples and oranges, and this pizza was so different in its genre, that I couldn't possible try to compare it to the others.  It's worth calling ahead and driving out of CC to try it.  I prefer this style to the slightly thicker variants at the other three mentioned here.With reservations (mandatory at both stops, one to reserve the dough and the other for a seat) made by my companion for 6 and 8 I arrived early - as always - and Mr. cheesemonger welcomed me as though we'd known each other for ages.  Chatting about food, life, medicine, travel, and any number of other topics time passed quickly and we made our way to the car for the short drive to Somerset Street  - home of what many call one of America's 10 best Pizzas.
Arriving moments before our reservation time I was honestly surprised at the unassuming nature of the location - small, homey, wooden booths, false hardwood floors, paper plates, Styrofoam cups - what wasn't surprising was the warm welcome...Tacconelli's is a place where everyone is treated like a regular and all the regulars are treated like best friends.  A one man, one oven operation utilizing recipes and an oven dating back to World War II Tacconelli's keeps it simple - patrons must call in advance to reserve dough and that dough is utilized to make one size of pizza with a limited number of toppings.  Payment is cash only, hours are ~4pm to ~9pm 5 days a week, and alcohol is BYO.  1/2 and 1/2 pizzas are allowed - mix n' match as you like.  Seated we were poured water and given menus - the cheesemonger knew what he wanted on his half and after a moment I knew what I wanted on mine.
Seated and chatting time went quickly - but even so it was hard not to be jealous of each and every sublime looking pie coming from the kitchen...Tacconelli's should sell tickets just to smell the tomato and garlic laden air.  Approximately 40 minutes after entering Tacconelli's our pie would arrive - one half "White" with salt, black pepper, cheese, garlic, whole tomatoes, and spinach and the other a "Regular" pie with cheese, sauce, and prosciutto.  Featuring a cracker crunchy semolina base with just a bit of char the crust was flawless - not bubbly or chewy, but not "too hard" either - just flawless.  The cheesemonger made an interesting analogy I'll not repeat, but it will stick in my mind on how to judge a crust from here on out.
Folding a piece and taking a bite I was wowed by the sweetness of the sauce and the mild saltiness of the pork - neither were overwhelming, both shined as though they were born to go together.  Devouring a second piece I managed to burn the roof of my mouth - a small price to pay.  Graciously offering up a slice (and then a second) of the other half I have to admit that as good as the sauce was and as much as I fancy my ability to order, my companion's experience paid off - the "white" pie was even better than mine.  Amply garlic laden but tempered elegantly by the fresh tomatoes and creamy mozzarella the fusion of ingredients was simplicity at its best - a magnificent pie that undoubtedly constitutes the best non-designer pizza I've ever tasted.
Settling the modest tab (after learning the rules of liar's poker) and being bid farewell by our server I felt like I was just hitting stride for a night full of fantastic dining.  Rustic and low key Tacconelli's is one of those hidden gems that a tourist without a car could never get to - a loss for them, but good news for the locals - keep it a secret, else face the issues now surrounding Great Lake in Chicago.Tacconelli's is my favorite pizzeria in Philadelphia - I'm not certain that they make the best pie in Philly, but they make a damn good pie and one that is distinctive to the area and can't easily be found elsewhere.
Pizza in Philly has until recently been a bit of a wasteland - while NY has always been king and the Neapolitan craze has seen a lot of great pizzerias popping up in major cities across the country, the scene in Philly has been a bit behind. Pizzeria Stella a few years ago and Nomad last year have changed that, and there are now excellent options in Philadelphia for pizza. That said, although these places are great, they are not unique - Tacconelli's *is* unique. While Neapolitan-inspired pizzerias are popping up all over the country, the distinct tomato-pie style of Tacconelli's remains confined (as far as I am aware) to a few pizzerias on the East Coast.
There is plenty more than uniqueness that makes Tacconelli's great, however - they turn out an excellent pie. As you'd expect with the tomato pie style, the crust and sauce play the major role here, with cheese and other toppings as important auxiliaries. The crust here is always super thin and it is very crunchy, in stark contrast to the soft Neapolitan style - this is the result of a much longer bake time at lower temperatures. The sauce here is much, much different than that which would appear on a Neapolitan pie - this sauce appears to be cooked before going on the pizza, and at the very least it is certainly more heavily seasoned than you will find at a Neapolitan place. You can get regular or fresh mozzarella, usually I just get the regular, but either way it is applied very sparingly. As I suggested, the flavor is dominated by the sauce and cheese. They are kind of particular here about not having much cheese on the pie - my mother likes lots of cheese on the pie so I asked for extra as a topping, and IIRC they talked us out of it.
In conclusion, Tacconelli's makes a damn good pizza, albeit one that is significantly different than what us Neapolitan lovers have come to regard as great pizza - the pizza is crunchy and crispy,  not lightly charred with a cornicione featuring perfect hole structure. The sauce tastes more of seasoning than it does of fresh tomatoes. The cheese is decent but plays second-fiddle to the overwhelming nature of the sauce - we would typically consider this pie to be unbalanced. However, despite the fact that Tacconelli's hardly conforms to these ideals, they produce a delicious product, and moreover, one that is much more historically and culturally relevant than that served by yet another VPN-certified joint. If you're a pizza lover, you must make your way out to northeast Philly and try this pie.Tacconellis is among my favorite restaurants anywhere, and it serves some of the best pizza I've ever had (right up there with Lucali in Carroll Gardens, BK)
Their thin crust pies (get the house special, probably avoid the margherita) are incredibly delicious, with crust that strikes the perfect balance between firm and crispy but never too hard. 
What I love most about this place, though, is its vibe -- it's serving fantastic food but is still a no frills, BYOB, neighborhood pizza joint with plastic cups and paper plates. On any given night you'll see couples out on a date, families celebrating birthdays or groups of friends having a fairly rowdy, drunken dinner, all happily occupying space together and enjoying some great food. 
The difficulty in ordering and snagging a reservation is also part of the experience -- when you call in for 8 people and 6 pies on a Wednesday morning at 10:01am, it feels special when you get the reservation. And when you can coolly and efficiently navigate this process and what some think is an off-putting attitude in the restaurant itself, you know you're an accepted regular/local, and that's basically what it means to be a Philadelphian. 
Depending on how crowded it is when you go (generally week nights vs weekends), the service can be either pretty fast or incredibly slow as a result of the small oven, so go with a large group and make sure you bring extra bottles of wine or six packs of beer and be prepared to hang out for a few hours.I don't understand the hype. This place really isn't that great. I don't know how they survive, since even pizza you get delivered from any other place is superior.Last night, I revisited Tacconelli's for the first time in years. I remember liking it before, but wow. It was light and thin without being burnt. I has the white pie with the spinach and tomatoes and my fianc and I split a pie with red sauce with half mushroom and half prosciutto. I would certainly recommend trying a white and a red pie as well. I thoroughly enjoyed both. The white pie was a little garlicky, but I like garlic so that worked for me. The red pie was also very good. The sauce is sweet but it worked for me. I was reminded about why this place gets the hype that it does. I definitely suggest giving it a try.I finally made it to Tacconelli's Pizzeria after my friend had been talking about it for what seems like an eternity.  My friend arranged for six of us to go, and RESERVED six orders of dough, yep.. one pizza per person... she said it's just that good.  We got seated right away, and one of the people in the party brought salad for us to eat before the pizzas came out.  With that being said, I walked in pretty hungry hoping I could order a starter of some sort to take up the wait time, but they don't have starters here.  It's also a BYOB.  I was thankful for the salad, because it took an hour for the first pie to make it's way out to our table.
Wow.  The pizza was worth the wait.  It is some of the best pizza I've ever had.  The sauce has a perfect flavor, and differs from pie to pie.  From then on, the other five pizzas came out staggered perfectly.  We all had a slice of each, most came sliced into seven pieces, so there were a couple pieces left over.  
The service was good.  I'm looking forward to going back.SOOOOO good.  My friend pre-ordered the crust.  five of us ordered 4 pizzas and we pretty much ate everything. 
The pizzas come out as they're finished.  We started great with Margherita.  the crust was amazing.  some of my friends thought the sauce was a bit sweet for their taste but I liked it a lot.  Then we got pizza with sausage and peppers.  MY FAVORITE.  everything was good on that one.  Not to my tasting in general, white pizza with spinach was next but if you're into white pizza, you might like it.  The pepperoni pizza  was last and disappointing.  the pepperoni was too oily and the crust a bit on the soggy side.I'm sorry, but i just dont understand how you can not like this pizza.  The crust is thin and light, perfectly crunchy yet chewy like no other crust. Not to mention they have asiago cheese on their marinara pizza.  I cannot eat any other pizza bc all i want is asiago cheese now.  I eat here about every other friday and i'm addicted.  My girlfriend and I can split a pie and finish it without feeling bloated.  We waited an 1hr and a half last week, and it was worth every second.For all the hype about this place, I wasn't impressed. The pizza was good, but I won't return. I also thought it was over priced.This is literally the best pizza I have ever had.  I have been to Italy and the pizza was close, but not as good.  My favorite pizza here is the red.  If you have the chance to try it I highly recommend it.you have to order your dough ahead of time. well worth it. very unassuming place with the best pizza ever. crust is thin and melts in your mouth and also crisp on the edges. white pizza  rules. get it with spinach and onions. expect to pay a bit for it though. it is a that good.Tacconelli's is definitely an experience unlike any other. 
All week, I'd been dying for some Tacconelli's pizza. I'd been there several times before, but recently realized it had been over a year since my last visit. I'd planned to go on Saturday with Hubby and some friends who had never been there before. I woke up at 9AM to call and reserve my dough, and I was too late. They were already out of dough. Determined, I woke up even earlier on Sunday and scored 4 pies for that evening.
I let my friends know how it works- cash only, be prepared to wait, bring beer, and most importantly- this is not the kind of pizza you want to get a lot of toppings on.
We got there promptly at 7:30PM for our reservation and were seated almost immediately. The booths are small, and thankfully there is a place to hang your coats so it doesn't feel as cramped. Our waitress greeted us very quickly and reiterated my point that the best pizzas are the margherita and the white with spinach & tomatoes. Believe me! LESS IS MORE! So we ordered 2 of each and began our wait. It was definitely a good hour before our pizzas started coming out, but we kept ourselves occupied with beer and conversation and weren't bothered by the wait.
One thing that I like, and others may not, is that the pizzas don't all come out at once. They bring your pizzas out as they are ready. I like this because you get to enjoy each pizza while it's piping hot and perfect, instead of them all sitting on the table getting cold while you eat 2 slices. The crusts are nice and thin, crispy and with plenty of fresh, brick-oven flavor.
Margherita: The sauce is perfect- not too sweet, not too salty. The perfect balance of sauce and cheese with some fresh basil on top. Classic.
White: Delicious either plain or with spinach and tomatoes. Just the right amount of garlic and seasonings. The cheese is just enough. It's not melting all over your plate and making a mess, but it's not sparse either. 
They have other toppings, though I wouldn't really recommend them. The only other topping I've had here is mushrooms, and I'm pretty sure they were from a can. Not worth it, and they just weigh down your pizza anyway. 
Stick with the classics and you won't go wrong. Plan ahead- call early, be on time for your reservation, bring beer, wine or even salad to occupy yourself during the wait, and be prepared to take your time and enjoy yourself. Also, stop for cash beforehand. They do have an ATM, but I saw it go down about three times during this visit. Nobody wants to get caught in that mess.Yum!  I am not the biggest fan of pizza, but would definitely come back again, if only I lived closer.  The onion pizza is delicious. Remember to BYOB.i've tried many of the "famous" pizza joints in brooklyn, coney island, manhattan, and elsehwere, but tac's still has the number one spot in my heart.  while their red pie is delicious with that amazing sauce, the uber-garlicky white pie with tomato chunks is my favorite.  also, a vegan friend ordered a tomato pie with basil that was quite nice too.  yeah, the service is a little cold at times, and the wait times can be a little annoying, but this place is well worth it.The best traditional style pizza in Philadelphia. The crust is absolutely addictive. It's definitely a special place but takes its specialness a little too far. Ordering is too cute. There's no counter. You have to order your dough in advance and pay in cash, and it's not cheap. Even after ordering my dough, I was told "15 minutes" but it was really a half hour wait. It's a must see Philly establishment, but it's not perfect.Was everything we were expecting and more. Go early if you can and you will find staff friendly and willing to give you helpful suggestions for enjoying your pizza eating experience.  
We tried the house specialty white pie with spinach and chunky tomatoes and also had the traditional pie with extra cheese, prosciutto, and onion. All the ingredients were fresh as could be and satisfying.  Two pies would cover two hungry people with a few slices to take home. 
We came here before the Bruce Springsteen concert around 4:30p and things started to get busy shortly after. 
In a day and age when every pizza chain is trying to stuff more onto a pizza, Tacconellis's believes less and better is more and it has been a successful recipe.Fantastic pizza! Consistently the best in the area. They use just the right amount of sauce and cheese, and the crust is always perfect. They don't deliver, but they are worth the trip!Soooo the pizza is by far one of the best I have ever tasted. The crust is thin and perfectly crispy, the sauce is delicious and the toppings are fresh. The hype and the wait and the ambience is a little off putting. I have to bring my own appetizers while waiting hours for pizza dough that was reserved. Cool.Went with a party of 12 to hang out, so the fact that it takes 1/2 an hour for the pizza to come out was a planned-for plus. We ordered 5, then another 5, so we hung out and got caught up with each other for a good 3 hours. Other than that, the pizza was just so-so.  
They were decent  thin crusts, but more like a cracker than bready or doughy, which I prefer. The toppings had a decent amount of tomato sauce, but everything else skimpy across the board, not a lot of mozzarella or basil on the Margherita., few mushrooms or sausage.  My biggest problem was that the tomato sauce was very salty, and I got up during the night 3 times to drink from the bathroom tap!
A lot has been said about their being a schtick and overpriced, and I would agree.  Mostly, I felt that they pizza, in small pieces would have made an OK appetizer at a party, but I never felt that I got a satisfying  meal there because I ate a lot of crackers with salty tomato topping.I'm not sure what all the hype is about this place. The pizza was fair sauce was on the sweet side not my thing. All they have is pizza, no salad no french fries not even a calzone are you kidding me!? I'm all about small menus but that's ridiculous, very dated not rustic just late 80s not dirty by any means but dated dingy. I was here 30 years ago and now I know why It's been that long.
***And what's up with ordering your dough in advance pizza to me is a very spontaneous thing you think about it and you want it, not a day later***
I could not wait to leave we got 7 pizzas group of 9 and not a single one looked anything like a review pic not sure when those pics were taken or by who but they looked good.
I would give it one star but our waitress was nice.The fact that taconellis has a single bad review shows the folly of yelp. Even philistines whose breath smells of assholes and dominos still get a voice.
I am a pizza expert. I have studied this food for many years, eating at dozens of restaurants in various states of being high, drunk, sober, sad, happy, young and old. I understand that the scale to judge pizza is not a simple "good, better, best"  but a 4 dimensional dynamic sphere-scale using varying factors to create a representation for the best pizza at the moment.
Taking this wealth of research and knowledge, I can authoritatively say there is not a better pie in Philadelphia. Thin crispy crust, several different sauces for the different pies, local-flavor service, decent price, and fresh ingredients. It is simple and delicious.
Now, say you are drunk in south philly, or you need a quick slice for lunch, then yeah, don't go here. 
But if you are looking to sit down, drink beer and eat pizza; then do yourself a fucking favor. 
I went back last night and 6 of us ordered 6 pies. There were 2 slices left. Whoever gave this place one star should have their account revoked and be taught how to eat. You know, even in America convicts can't vote.i have only heard good things about this place - that its so good you have to call days in advance to get dough reserved. so we called thurs and they said please call back fri. call back fri get a recording call back at 11 am sat. call back at 11 on the dot, the line is busy til 12. then finally get through to a recording that they are out of dough. couldnt the person who answered on thurs take my name???The best tomato pie in Philadelphia, maybe for a fifty mile radius, too. You've never tasted tomato sauce like this. Call early in the day or a day in advance to reserve your dough. It's worth it!For all of the hype I honestly expected better. The crust was burnt, and for "extra cheese" it felt like regular cheese. I also called at 3:40 and was informed that because the oven was too hot I couldn't get sausage until 5:00. Ok? So call in and was informed can you make it here at 4:00? Sure. Get there at 4 and waited 20 mins. And it wasn't even busy. 2 pies both with extra cheese and one with pepperoni was $37.50! Sorry won't be back.I know that I am in the minority here but, while I liked Taconelli's pizza, it far from thrilled me. I really wanted to love this pizza since we are new to the area and I miss driving from NY to New Haven Ct for 2 of my fave places, Pepe's and Modern Pizza. Alas, this was to me not even in the same ballpark as those other 2. My pizza search continues.I am a prior Port Richmond resident. Having lived in the neighborhood for 30 years, I've eaten here many times. Although the pizza is good, it is overrated. My VERY LAST visit was last night due to the unprofessional, ignorant and rude treatment from the wait staff.  Our dough was ordered well in advance, yet we waited over an hour for a pizza.... That never came because we left. We were told that "1 or 2 pies are in oven". "We can cancel our order". "I don't know what to tell you". "No one comes here from neighborhood because they don't want to wait". "We've been in business since 19? And customers keep coming because we are that good". Needless to say, I will NEVER return and will make sure my friends and family from the neighborhood hear this story. But wait, since no one from the neighborhood goes there, I may not need to share this with them. Total lie!The best pizza ever! Call ahead to reserve your dough as soon as they open and also to make a reservation for the day if you want to eat at a halfway reasonable time. The wait and the hassle is totally worth it, though!! I highly recommend the red and green!!. The basil mozzerella is also extremely delicious as is the white pie (if you like garlic - and I do!!).One of my favorites, The pizza is so good you must call and reserve your dough the day before. You can also bring along your own salad and dessert. Very clean and the owners are super friendly alway have time to say hello. If in Philly you must try this place you won't regret it.This is some of the best pizza I've ever had. The crust was light and crunchy, the sauce was incredibly flavorful, and the price was right. I had never heard of this place until recently, and I'm glad I decided to check it out.
Our group of 9 was going to eat here on Saturday for dinner, so I called ahead on Friday, and the recorded voice message said to call back on Saturday. So I called Saturday morning and reserved 4 pizza doughs.
We showed up at our decided time and were seated promptly. We placed our order and drank our BYOB beers for 20 minutes or so until the pies arrived. When they did arrive, it was glorious. The tomato pie was my favorite, but all of the others were delicious as well.
Life's too short to eat mediocre pizza. After eating here, I've decided that I'm going to make a stronger effort to seek out GOOD pizza places on a regular basis. This is more of a task where I currently live (in Santa Monica), but it's a new year... What better time than now?
Thank you Tacconelli's!Words and pictures almost do not do this place justice. To try it for yourself is the only way to fully express how amazing this pizza is. My wife and I went a few nights ago, and yes we had to reserve our pie and table. The restaurant wasn't crowded but people were coming in and take 4-5 pies each for takeout on a Thursday. Thats insane! We called Friday for another pie for Sunday and were greeted by a recording saying that pies and reservations for Friday and Saturday were completely gone! Long story short, RESERVE YOUR PIE! 
The pie itself was pure heaven. We got half plain with fresh basil and half pepperoni and I believe the pepperoni took away from the taste of the rest of the pie. The sauce is absolutely perfect with the right amount of tang and minimal ingredients. Probably helps that they dont cook down their sauce before it goes on the dough, but is made then baked with the pizza. The crust was not too thin and had the right amount of char. Absolutely divine.
BYO Bottle, as it was too late for us but we'll bring one next time. Customers for life!I've been going to this restaurant for yrs.  It's the best pizza i've ever had.  I know live on the west coast and still make sure I visit Tacconelli's every time i'm back in Philly!  the pizza is thin crust and you'll end up eating so much more than you ever thought you could!Best pizza I've had in Philly. 
Do I need to write any more? 
O.K. where to start? This place is a fabulous gem tucked somewhere north of center city (I wasn't driving, not really paying attention to anything other than my impending pizza nirvana). Looks like a rowhome from the outside, kinda looks like my grandmother's kitchen on the inside. The dining room is as loud and jovial as my aunt's Italian Christmas dinners. It's BYOB. 
You reserve your dough ahead of time and if you're not sure how much you'll need - just ask. 
The place was busy (it was a Saturday night) and we did wait a bit for our pies, but it was worth it. We ordered three, two with sausage, which turned out to be a bit tricky for a reason I'm still not clear about. The two sausage pies had to be cooked one at the time - something about there being room for only one sausage pie in the oven at a time? It didn't matter - by the time our party of six plowed through two pies, we had one to sit back and relax with. 
Tacconelli's is cash only, and it certainly won't break the bank. We spent roughly $11 per person for more pizza than was healthy to eat and had a darn good time overindulging.Tacconelli's is the best pizza place in Philly. Done deal. I grew up 30 min outside of Philly and it's true most of the pizza in the Philly area is nothing to write home about. A lot of it is just plain horrible. Not true of Tacconelli's. 
This place is legendary. Don't be an uniformed idiot and complain about the basic simple rules they have. CALL A DAY AHEAD FOR YOUR DOUGH SO THEY KNOW HOW MUCH YOU WANT. HAVE CASH FOR YOUR DOUGH (get it?). 3 TOPPINGS AT THE MOST, MAYBE JUST GET A TOMATO PIE? EASY RIGHT?
A lot of reviewers can't handle those simple guidelines to get the best pie in Philly, so ignore them. They are basic bitches who buy trendy pies at the hot spot they read about on facebook/instagram their friends recommend. No friends of ours, no thanks.
Tacconelli's, keep doing what you're doing the way you do it.  Legendary I tell ya.  A++The best pizza in the city.  By far.
Now look, most of the pizza you've ever gotten is a 'regular pizza' - that is....sauce + cheese.  Which is very good here.  But don't get it.
And they have a true red pie (no cheese.)  Don't get that either.
Get the white pizza.  It's garlicy.  Get one, maybe two toppings at most.  I defy you not to finish the whole thing.
3 people = 2 pies (generally).  It's unreal.  Just really the best in the city.   Not to be missed.
Is it known for the service?  Nope.  Salads?  Nope - they have none.  Sides?  Again, no sides.  Just the best pizza you've ever had.
Make sure you call in the morning for a reservation because they sell out every night.We were a large group--ten people in total. We ate up a storm--a mix of white pies with spinach and tomato, and the regular pies, all plain with a lone pepperoni version. EVERY ONE was delicious, piping hot out of the oven, with staggered delivery so everyone always had a slice available and none sat around getting cold. 
Service was warm, welcoming and patient. Plus they stored and helped serve a cake for my nephew's birthday. Parking was surprisingly easy. All in all, a wonderful dining experience and a great time.I love pizza. I was practically born with a slice in my hand. My Dad's whole family is Italian, my parents owned a pizzeria, I worked at a pizza place for five years, I grew up in New Jersey and went to college here ($1.50 slices pretty much fed me through school). I've tried a lot of different pies.
Tacconelli's Pizza absolutely takes the cake for the best pizza I've ever had, hands down. It's so good you have to call ahead and reserve your doughs. They use a hundred-year-old, massive brick oven to give their pies that perfect crispy crust and use only the freshest ingredients.
Don't get crazy with the toppings, just order a Spinach and Tomato or a Margherita pie and I guarantee you'll be telling your friends all about Taconelli's and how good they treated you. I want one RIGHT NOW.Tacconelli's has a great pizza- thin crust, sweet delicious sauce, and they don't overdo anything. If you reserve your dough and come on time, you will be happy to know your pizza has been shoved in to the largest pizza oven my husband has ever seen and will be at your table soon. 
We went on a Thursday and i highly recommend a weekday to avoid any crazy waiting. We waited for 30 minutes tops and both pizzas were worth the wait. Worth the price, too, btw, which wasn't as expensive as I thought it would be.
This place isn't fancy and that's probably another reason why I liked it so much. A pitcher of water and a stack of napkins are all this girl needs with her pizza. 
Special note: There's a jukebox and the kids totally took it over (not good), but they still couldn't ruin my pizza-high.Absolutely love Tacconelli's and you will too if you follow some simple rules.
1. Order in advance (Tacconelli's only makes a certain amount of dough each day, so you need to order in advance.)
2. BYOB- bring your wine or some beer while you are eating.
3. I may be wrong, but I do not believe that Tacconelli's is credit card friendly, so bring some cash with you. Remember, you saved some money because it is was BYOB.
I grew up in walking distance of Tacconelli's and have been a fan all of my life. Their pizza is brick oven pizza.
My wife and I host a Seven Pizzas party near the Holidays and Tacconelli's has always been a big hit.It is a joke. Pizza was passable at best. The only reason to go is the history and the fact that you are welcome to roll in with a cooler of beer before a ballgame.Friendly, family-styled service.
AMAZING white pie!
EPIC tomato sauce!
Speechless at the perfect crust.
You know, I had my doubts coming in here with my family. I mean, I knew the place was famous but no matter how famous a pizza can be, the base ingredients are quite simple and limited. Sure, you can load up on toppings, but with primary ingredients as universal as a crust, sauce and cheese, it is really hard to make one place's pizza stand out.
Well, Tacconelli's did! Will be heading back soon for more.
(Only one minor con: We waited for about 35 minutes for our pie though we had reserved our dough. It wasn't a crazy long wait by all means, but I ate all my ice cubes :)The reserving the dough thing is annoying, the service is generally poor, the cash only thing sucks, the wait to get your pizzas is extremely long, but the pizza...oh em gee, the pizza is hands down the best! I have been going here forever and it is simply the best. The signature pie and the red with sweet peppers and onions is TO DIE FOR!Unlike New york, Philadelphia just simply doesn't have too many really great pizzerias. 
HOWEVER, luckily for all of us PIE LOVERS out there, Tacconelli is an exception. If you're from out of town and looking for a really good authentic, true neapolitan style pizza, this place is THE PLACE to go to!
A few tips:
Highly recommend getting the Margarita with FRESH MOZZARELLA. It was sooooo delicious! Really good thin crust. Perfectly baked in a wood-fired oven. 
If you can, call ahead of time! Their # is (215) 425-4983. Why am I telling you guys to call before you go to a pizza restaurant?!
They run out of dough! :)Dear Tacconelli's,
I really, really miss you and I'm sorry we can't be close anymore like we used to be. I took you for granted when I lived in the PHL. Yes, it was hard to know if I would need you the day before and pre-order dough--but completely worth it. I miss sitting around the folding tables with my gang and our BYOB coolers fighting about what toppings we'd adorn you with. I liked you best as a regular pie with extra cheese; and when you came out as a garlicky white pie "for dessert," I liked to describe you best as the "creme brulee of pizza pie." 
Best. pizza. of. my. life. 
Such regrets we didn't spend more time together when I lived in town, but do know I've stopped by to see you on every trip back.
Any way we can get you out to Ohio sometime? Miss you; love you.
xoxo,
Emily
PS. You wouldn't believe how they cut pizza here in the Midwest. In squares. It's bullshit.We heard a lot of hype about Tacconelli's so we had to check it out. While we weren't totally blown away the pizza was good.  Life changing experience? No. Good Pizza? Sure. 
We were lucky enough to call and reserve dough and come in right away. It was a Sunday during an Eagle's game so it probably wasn't as crowded as it usually is (they don't have TVs to watch the game). 
This place is definitely no frills. The restaurant looks like any other low key pizza shop. The menu is limited and they suggest no more than 3 toppings per pizza. We ordered a white pizza and a red with mushrooms. We really enjoyed both. The white was super thin with a little bit of cheese, a lot of oil, salt, pepper and tons of garlic. It was really great but reminiscent more of a piece of garlic bread. The red was also thin crust with a generous amount of sauce, just the right amount of cheese and mushrooms. Both pies were pretty delicious. 
Overall, this place is definitely worth checking out but don't expect to be totally blown away. It is a BYO and definitely call ahead to reserve your dough. Along with the other reviewers, I recommend ordering a pie each person because of the thin crust and the fact that you'll definitely crave the leftovers the next day.Best pizza ever had. Service ok. Tough to get in and always need reservations. Would give 5 star but doesn't accept credit cards which is a pain.Is, was and will forever be my favorite pizza. My family has been eating here since I was a young teen. We would take my grandmother here at least two Sunday's a month. Mrs. Tacconelli was always very sweet to my family and would let me and my sister's peek into the kitchen and watch the pizza being cooked. As most know, you must order your pies in the morning (not what you want on them, just the dough). My family favorites are a White Pizza with Spinach and Tomato and a pizza with no cheese, tomatoes, onions and peppers. We have been eating the cheeseless pizza for over 15 years and trust me, the taste is impeccable. You don't want the cheese to dilute the flavor of the peppers, onions and that dough, lightly seasoned with salt and pepper. Perfect every time.If you don't  like this place there is something wrong with you. It is what it is, and if you don't get it then great, more for me. Last time I got two pepperoni pies because they are the best.  Wish they were open 7 days a week. Please leave the "crystal" at home and realize what your eating doesn't need hot sauce.What's with all the hype you say?..... try it, and you'll know exactly why.  Now, I'm not sure about the ordering ahead deal because this was my first experience and I did take-out.  I'll evaluate the 'ordering dough ahead of time' dining in option another day.
Is it the best pizza I've ever had?  Quite possibly YES!  However, it is hard to say because it depends which aspects you judge, and weighting, etc.  Unless you're a hipstery pizza snob, you too will agree this pizza is fantastic.
Crust - very thin and flavorful. (Read: you will be very satisfied without feeling like a fat shit if you end up eating the whole pie)
Sauce - indescribably good.  Touch of sweetness and fresh tasting
Cheese - obviously high quality.  Not overly salty.
Plain and simple, it was a very well-rounded pizza and I will definitely be a repeat customer.Super super super great. Authentic napoleon style pizza made by the Tacconelli family. Super fresh ingredients and crispy charred crust. Look no further you found it.The BEST pizza! You cannot go wrong with Tacconelli's. Some of my family's favorites include the plain pie, pepperoni, margarita, and white with spinach and tomato. I personally love adding their delicious hots to my slices. Be sure to order ahead to avoid the disappointment of hearing that they are sold out.As an avid pizza junkie that viewed my trip to Tacconelli's as a pilgrimage to pizza mecca in Philadelphia, I thought it was only right that I left a review.
First, I called on Wednesday morning to reserve a table and three doughs for Friday night at 8:00 PM.  We had no issues getting an allocation of pizzas or getting seated when we walked in.  The service was excellent - nothing to gripe about there.  It is CASH ONLY so come prepared.  To note, I was there with one other pizza lover. 
Onto the pizza.   We order two plain pies and one to go.  Plain was key - we wanted to taste the pizza in its purest form.  My take - it was good...really good.  The crust, sauce and cheese all worked in perfect harmony together.  The pizza is paper thin and, at least the plain, was extremely saucy.  The sauce is slightly sweet with great flavor.  My only advice or change I would make is ordering with extra cheese as they are little light on the cheese for a plain pie.  You can tell they use high quality ingredients and take an artful pride in constructing a near perfect pie.
Why only 4/5? Well, it wasn't better than the other pizza heavyweights in the city...particularly two of my favorites - Marra's and Celebre's,  It's a different kind of pizza that is amazingly good.  However, if Tacconelli's, Marra's and Celebre's were all on a table next to each other, I wouldn't necessarily dive right for the Tacconelli's pie.  I believe it's on par with the other great pizza establishments in the city - not head and shoulders above.Delicious... The best pizza I've ever had the joy of eating. I could literally eat it for breakfast, lunch and dinner Sunday through Saturday!I LOVE Tacconelli's!!! Pizza is my top favorite food and Tacconelli's never disappoints. I was very upset when they shut down their Moorestown location and anxiously waited for them to open in Maple Shade. I was nervous that everything would be different and it would somehow affect the quality but it didn't! The pizza was amazing. I want to make my visits here a monthly tradition and really hope they keep up the amazing job they are doing. Highly recommend!I'll usually have 3-4 slices during an average pizza meal, but I downed 5-6 slices during a recent visit to Tacconelli's. I'll say it...Tacconelli's has the best pizza in Philly, hands down. As an uber pizza connessiuer, I've had my fair share of New York pizza and Tacconelli's comes closest to that style that I love. Wood-fired oven, olive-oil soaked dough, fresh toppings, and flat crispy crust. The margarita and white pie is amazing!
Final thoughts...
Run, don't walk. Call ahead to reserve as everyone says, BYO, and expect some wait time even after you do get seated. Savor every bite because it will go quickly!Yes, eating here is an ordeal. If you're a newcomer to the Philly pizza game (like I was a couple years ago), you learn that many of them have gimmicks of sorts. This place requires you to reserve your dough ahead of time (telling them exactly how many pizzas you want), and you have to actually talk to them on the phone to do this. Don't try calling on Mondays or Tuesdays because they're closed, and don't leave a message because they won't listen to it. 
I dined here for the second time this weekend and planned a surprise birthday party here. They were very accommodating for our party of 13 and had the table set up and ready for us 30 minutes before the reservation. They wouldn't allow tape on the walls (and you will get yelled at like you would at your grandma's house if you try), but they allowed me to hang a birthday banner from the corners of their already-hung artwork. We brought tons of wine and beer (it's a BYO, but don't bring any hard alcohol) and they allowed me to keep the cake I brought in the fridge, as well as provided a knife for cutting. Yay for all those things!
The pizza is honestly not the best I've ever had, but I still love this place. You don't get a huge choice of toppings, and the mushrooms are canned (my biggest complaint). They also only give you paper plates, silverware, and cups. It's sort of hilarious and really adorable. They have obviously filled a niche in the pizza business for years in Philadelphia and still get great business by enforcing the rules they want to with literally no frills. The service isn't stereotypically friendly, but nothing is fake. They tell you how it is, you eat your yummy pizza, and you go home happy. The end.Heard so much about this Philly landmark and looked forward to sampling their pies. Being born and raised in NYC I'm not easily impressed, but I also don't enjoy a "we are better" attitude. So here is my take on Taconelli's.
You have to make reservevations and reserve your pizza dough in advance. As a note, an average person can easily consume 3/4 of a pie. When we entered the place it looked like we stepped into a time machine and arrived in the 1970s.  Minus the attentative staff. After a 30 minute wait we were seated. The booths were cramp and tables could barely hold a pie. On a scale of 1 to 5, I'd say this was a 2.
Okay, so the place resembled a dive. From experience that isn't necessarily a negative, because it's about the food. Our server took the order, a white pie with spinach, a margharita pie and a Coke. After 30 minutes our pies and YES my Coke arrived. The pies were tasty, very nicely flavored, thin and perfectly crispy. Each bite was a delectable delight. So far so good.
Next up the final 2 pies, another white pie with spinach and a tomato pie with sausage and peppers. Here is the negative and man is it a BIGGIE. Whereas the first pies were nice and crispy, these pies had no firmness whatsoever. It was like they replaced the pizza maker of the first 2 pies with someone else, or that person just wanted to finish off their day and could care less. Consistancy is the thing you control and their is no excuse for lack of it. Especially in the same dining experience. For that reason I have to give them a 2 out of 5.
Would I go back, probably not. Had all the pies been nice and crispy I probably would have. But when the same dining experience, and the same style pie have such different results, there is no reason to.My jaw hurts from fighting through the crust. Yeah so what if I scarfed down a whole pie and then some. It's a fine line than Tac's walks: timed right it's the best pie in town; a tad overcooked, it's a bit tough to handle - but damn tasty still. If you're not impressed by the flavor of this pie, you should just go back to eating dog food.
P.s. This place is doing damn fine without utensils and without pounds of cheese and grease on their pie. If you ask for utensils or complain about the "lack of cheese" you should be sent away with a plastic fork in your eye.
P.p.s. If you're heading out to Tac's on the El - you'll be walking 10 of the shadiest blocks in Philly. You have been warn.This place is delicious, the tomato pie with the peppers is amazing.    It went down a star because it literally forces me to have my act together and know I want pizza prior to going and getting said pizza.
I also always forget it is BYOB, and get sad by my lack of prior planning!   I mean I can't reaerve my dough and  remember beer!I've been coming to Tacconeli's since I was a kid, and man things don't change, just as I remember. The pizza here is just flat out delicious, no matter what type of pie you get. Took a pie home for a late snack! Just be mindful, you have to reserve your dough, especially if you're coming on the weekend, but trust me it's worth it!I can't even fully describe the magic that is the original Tacconelli's. But I can describe how freakin' amazing their pizza is. Simple, fresh, and probably has the best tomato sauce and dough in the planet. Go there. Now.No question, best pizza in Philadelphia.  You call to order the number of loaves of dough your want (1 per pizza) and the time you will arrive,  That is essentially your reservation.  Call at least a week in advance and do not be surprised if Fri's and Sat's are booked solid.  When they sell out of dough, they do not take any more reservations for that day.  Very casual and relaxed, family-style place. Always packed.  It is a double wide restaurant, built into two row homes.  Vibe is very easy going and low stress.  Staff are always very busy, but friendly, so not a good choice for the drama crowd who enjoy making a ton of substitutions and annoying changes for everything.  Enjoy the paper plates and relish the plastic cups for the wine.  The white and the margarhita pies are the only thing we order. One of each with a box for nibbles the next day.  Oh, come on, who am I kidding, we end up eating it later that night...  Perfect byob joint with great food, where you can have some laughs with friends.  E-n-j-o-y!the food was lovely, really, but all the other baggage that came along with it, that's why it loses a star.   i don't want to reserve my dough, i don't want some waitress scolding me for asking for too many toppings.   yes, the food is great, but eating out is more than just the food. that's where they miss.Been 20 years since I had last been here so I was pretty excited to get reacquainted.. Back in the day, Charlie's Pizza, Vince's, and Tacconelli's were the only decent pizza in the city. But the game has changed and there are a lot of great choices in the city today.
The place looks the same.  Waitress was very nice. The crust is still good, but the sauce is too sweet and the overall taste is bland, I am sad to say. With a large group and the BYOB policy, it's a fun nostalgic place, but definitely no longer the best in Philly,
 I am truly a pizza lover. Will drive all over the city trying different places. Osteria, Barbuzzo, Zavino, Stella, Nomad, and Pizzeria Dimeos (my current favorite)in Andora Shopping Center are all far superior in my opinion.Exhausted from painting and moving things all day, my family and I stumbled into Tacconelli's, wine in tow, at 8:00pm on a Saturday night (thankfully we knew  to reserve our dough balls ahead).
Walking in, this looks like Any Mom and Pop Pizzeria, America. Lovingly decorated and brightly lit, Tacconelli's ushers you in with a welcoming scent of garlic.
Now, onto our pizzas. Holy on the thin crusted amazingness. 
The spinach and fresh tomato pizza was perfection coated in garlicky goodness.
The margarita pizza was exactly what a margarita pizza should be. Lots of sauce, topped with fresh mozzarella and basil. Milder than the first, it's flavors married perfectly together in each delicious bite.
The last pizza to come out of the oven was the sausage and pepperoni. Now, while I didn't try this combination (my pescetarian ways wouldn't allow for it), my mouth was still watering at the sight of the thing. Piled high with spicy pepperoni and Italian sausage, I can only assume it was as amazing (if not more so) as the first two judging by the speed of consumption. 
If you're in the Philadelphia area you HAVE TO go to Tacconelli's for pizza... and, while you're waiting for your pie to come out (the prep and cooking time takes a few minutes - can't cook it raw!) remember that patience is a virtue an in the end you will be rewarded handsomely for it.The margarita pizza is the best pizza I've ever tasted. When I think of the best pizza this is what I think of not New York, not Italy. I eat a whole one myself every time I go and will not let anyone touch a crumb of it.  It's great if you take it home but amazing if you eat it there.Best pizza in Philly by a country mile.  Come here and skip the artisan 9" pizza that some doofus makes with fair trade mushrooms.  Order your dough in the AM, and get an extra for leftovers because you'll definitely be left wanting more.  Bring some wine and some mints - you will thank me later.I came here for a surprise birthday party.   They are an old-school style pizza shop that requires you to reserve your dough ahead of time.  They were pretty accommodating to our large group and were great about keeping us satisfied while eating and drinking.  The pizzas themselves were average.  The crust was nice, just what you would want in a crust.  The toppings were slightly disappointing, though; for the price you pay per pie, you should be getting fresh ingredients, not canned or frozen.Wow, we got the white pizza w crushed tomatoes, n had to order a 2 pie to take home with us, this is a must foodie stop when visiting Philly area.Everyone has had more slices of pizza than we care to admit. We are almost numb and indifferent to it. As the saying goes, pizza is like sex, even if it's bad, it's still pretty good.
This then, my friends, is the manage-a-trois of pizza. You don't get it often, and when you do, you brag to your buddies about it.
Disclaimer: Yes, I've lived in New York. Their standards are high. Their average pie is better than the average pie anywhere. Tacconelli's is just not your average pie.
I think it's the crust. It's flavorful, crisp, exquisitely thin, and charred just the slightest bit courtesy of the one-of-a-kind oven they have. A word of warning, don't overload the pie. Don't ask for the works. 2 toppings max. Otherwise you'll overload the thin crust and undo the magic.
And the place is not fancy. Seriously. It is a damn pizza shop in Port Richmond. If you want fancy shmancy concept pizza go to Osteria. It's good too.
Yeah, calling that day to order your dough is a little annoying, but they can only make so many pies a night, so just get your name on the list and deal with it.This place is highly over rated, the pizza is burnt and topping are very skimpy for the price. I was very disappointed. I felt like I was taken advantage of. The crust was like cardboard, hardly any cheese how can you a a pizza in Philadelphia with no cheese, maybe another city but not Philly, and after briefly chatting with neighbors according to them no one in the area eats there, most of the customers come from Jersey. Maybe that is how they eat their pizza in Jersey4.545 stars, which is really just as pretentious as Tacconelli's pizza.
Tacconelli's has reason to be presumptuous - this really is the best "real" pizza in Philly. And they let you know it. The wait time is extraordinary - and fear not, you'll probably be ignored until you're seated. (But then lavish attention is poured upon you and like magic, stoic glares turn into warm smiles from the wait-staff. It's truly giggle-worthy.) 
Their white pizza is done right: fresh cracked pepper over a glistening bed of melted white cheese, which rests on a solid crispy thin crust foundation. The blend of sharp, slightly salty, cheese, pepper and garlic will make your mouth happy more than Twizzlers.
The Margherita is delicious: THE TOMATO SAUCE IS AMAZING. It's slightly sweet, slightly tangy and the perfect texture. What's truly impressive is that the crust is able to hold all of that sauce and mozz without collapsing, so you needn't worry about ending up with a congealed glob of topping in your lap.Literally the best pizza I ever ate! This is how an Italian margherita pizza is supposed to be done.I do not recommend this place at all. The last time we came, we got seated one hour after our reservation time.  We ordered right away and the pizza came an hour later.  It was so disappointing when I brought family out of town to try this great pizza place !!  They kept saying we should leave but we sweated it out.  I decided to give it another try tonight, thinking maybe it was just a bad night.   Reservation was for 730 and it was not busy as tables were empty.  They sat us at 8 pm, and we ordered right away without even asking for a menu.  Our water came 20 min later, and 45 mins passed and still no pizza.   All the tables were leaving and no pizzas coming out of the kitchen!! I feel terrible for the date behind us who got seated way before us, as they were still waiting.  Finally, my boyfriend was honest and told the waitress we may leave if the pizzas were not made yet.  She came back and said it will be another 30 min!!!   We instantly left and my bf said we will never return.  There are no appetizers so what takes so long? Pizzas should be coming out of the oven non stop.  That's all they serve! Its sub par pizza if you like sweet sauce.   Def not worth it!  Always been a disappointed.I really loved this pizza.  If you're a fan of thin crust with lots of sauce- you will too.  We decided to go here after seeing the food and wine write up and we were happy with it.  If you're expecting pizza similar to the other "best of philly" pizzas such as Osteria, Barbuzzo, and Stella, you're going to the wrong place.  Tacconelli's is simple with no frills (styrofoam cups and paper plates), simply delicious!
Reserve your dough a couple days prior!Wonderful staff, great thin crust brick oven pizza with fresh toppings. Been going here before Flyers games for over thirty years. Order in advance and BYOB. Plain and spinach are my staples with a round of root beer. Trendy transplants from out of town who are used to Domino's Pizza and have profile pics of themselves taking a picture of themselves cause they're really deep and soulful need not show up. This is Philadelphia...not Lancaster. Would b five stars but I'll admit it is overpriced. $20 for a pizza is a little crazy.By far the best thin crust style pizza I have ever had!  Because of their baking style, it gets thw crust nice and crispy!
If you are looking for a large variety this is not the place - they keep it simple with 4 main pizza styles (tomatoe pie, regular, white, and margharita).   Then you can add toppings from there from a handful of toppings.  (I highly recommend a regular pie w sweet peppers, onion, and proscuitto)
Just he sure to call ahead and reserve your dough!!  They only make so much a day - so you will be rolling the dice if you walk in!Everyone else is right:  the pizza is good.  $20 a pie good?  I don't know.  The dough/crust is good.  It's almost like garlic bread.  But aside from that, it's like any well made pizza.  It's definitely a fun adventure and excuse to travel north of Lehigh (in case you for some reason wanted to go north of Lehigh).  The weird little residential neighborhood gives Tacconelli's a neighborhood feel.  Unassuming passersby wouldn't give a second thought to this being a regular old pizza place, but I would hate to wander into a pizza place, order a couple of pies and then get my bill of $60 or whatever.  I'd be pissed.  Or pizzed?  Ha ha, okay, I know...
The ambiance in this place might be worth writing home about.  We ordered our pizza to a little Bee Gees and a little Rod Stewart, and by the time we ate our pizza we were chewing to the beat of LIVE Bee Gees and LIVE Rod Stewart.  Crazy.  Wood paneled walls, dated neon signs...  Somehow I'm trying to incorporate roller skating waitresses, but I know that didn't happen.
This place is definitely worth making an adventure out of, but I don't know if I'll ever go back.While I'm reluctant to say that Tacconelli's is the best pizza ever, but it is surely one of the best I've ever had, and *easily* gets a 5 star rating on Yelp.
The plain pizza is outstanding. The pizza with toppings is beyond outstanding.
How you order is bizarre, but whatever, did I mention the pizza is outstanding? 
One tip: When eating in the restaurant, don't show up starving as the pizza can take a while to come out.I have been a long time yelper, but for some reason never had the yearning to write a review. That has changed. I figured no better time to start, then right after eating the absolute best pizza on the planet. 
So...  Review #1.. here it goes .
Best pizza on the planet, hands down.   I love pizza. And, I have probably tried pizza in 30 or so different states in this country, and quite a few other countries. Nothing comes close to this. 
The white pizza with crushed tomatoes is an absolute masterpiece. Thin crust, crispy to perfection. Well seasoned Olive oil and herbs.  It is just sensational. 
I will also give a nod to the pepperoni here, as I tried the regular pepperoni as well. It was awesome!
So, if this is the best, why 4 stars?  
While I was there with a party of 11, some kids.  The service was outstanding! So it wasn't that.   And, for the best pizza on the planet, I don't mind paying the inflated prices. Nope. 
It was the soda. They charged an obscene amount of money for two pitchers of soda. For the kids and teens at the table, and it was flat anyway.Do not believe that Tacconelli's is over rated. It isn't . It's great. Even with all the pizza hype nothing compares to Tacconellis . There is more excellent pizza in the city then ever. But sometimes you need to go back to the classic. It's just the best.Great pizza, not in center city, but north of it, it is a hike, but well worth the flavor, very hot and very crowded, once you get inside, but delicious!Being a visitor to Philly, naturally I Yelped to find a good pizza.  Tacconelli's has rave reviews, so we gave it a try.  We tolerated the odd pre-ordering requirements, tough-to-find location, funky decor, and paper plates.  If the pies are good, who cares.  Well, we were very disappointed.  The crust was bland and the sauce tasted like ketchup.  The toppings were nothing special.  I like a good thin pizza with tasty crust, not overloaded with toppings.  So I expected much with Tacconelli's, but walked out not too happy.  I had better pizzas in CC Philly without the inconvenience and hype.I grew up in Richmond and lived about 6 blocks from Tacconelli's.  My brother always ordered by telephone and this is the first time I've actually been in there in 50+ years.  Its a neighborhood place and I can't understand why everybody is so crazy about cardboard sliced pizza.  
    Now I would not say this if I did not make pizza at home. I got the dough recipe from the New York Times cookbook and have never strayed from it.  I make different toppings and try to please everybody at home.  Tacconellis pizza is a lot of hype, like Pat's and Gino's steaks (both of which I am very fond) and Joe's Stone Crabs in Florida.  People seize on something and no matter what ,praise the place and become loyal. We had the white pizza. Ugh is all I can say.  I make my own sauce, the sauce here is too sweet, maybe its sicilian style where a lot of sugar is added.  I make a nice thick crust that holds up, not a slice of cardboard with topping.  So in conclusion, join the crowd, visit tacconelli's Pizza, find out for yourself, if you like the place, go back, if not, tell us about it on Yelp.First of all the pizza is thin with no cheese anyone in Philly know a good pizza has lots of cheese  But my review is not about the pizza  the only reason the majority of people go there is to get together and a place e you can bring your own drinks that's it! and that is another thing I don't understand they being their own alcohol spend hours there and get in a car and drive away I thought drinking and driving was illegal and everyone that goes there drives at least 95 percent of the customers drive there because most property in the neighborhood like their good most of their customers are from Jersey that just like the idea of bringing your own alcohol but come on people you are driving back to Jersey after all that drinking?  really?This is one of my favorite pizza spots, and it's BYOB. Can't beat it. Great thin crustThe pizza here is definitely quality. The crust is the best I've had, and the sauce that they generously load on the pizza is super delicious. I ordered the Margarita and regular plain pizza.
I had to reserve the pizza at 10AM that day though - and the prices were a bit steep. The Margarita was over $19. Don't get me wrong, the pizza is GREAT, but I can get thin crust pizza almost or just as good for cheaper and quicker.
Taconelli's is worth at least one visit for the experience though.Sorry to usurp the last reviewer but this is the best pizza in Philly.  The crust  is not soggy, the sauce is excellent and the   cheese and toppings  are great.   I dislike the fact  that pizza  and soda  are the only thing they serve  here and  their pre-order the crust is for anyone  not from the neighborhood- meaning if they know you   than pre ordering the dough  is  not necessary  ( sorry but  I know this to be true )  - but that is the Philly way.  Takeout from this place doesn't work- you have to eat the pizza  as soon as it comes out  of the oven- it has to be hot.  This pizza is  great aside from the politics. The  location has zero atmosphere and I wish a healthy green salad was offered but it is what it is- accepted it for what it is and  you will understand the genius of Tacconelli's.Don't love the place but I will admit its very good pizza. I prefer a Santucci pie. I just don't like the gimmack about calling a day before. I have called for pick up a few times at the last minute and got my pizzas before the people that called the night before. Suckers! Over priced but supply and demand I guess has forced this. I have always thought that people come here becasue they only make a limited amount of pizzas so in a minor way the haves and the have nots thing going on. Never really see many neigborhood people in here. Its worth a visit to say you were there.My second time at Tacconelli's.
There is a method behind coming for pizza to this place, and I think that if you are aware beforehand, your experience might be a little more enjoyable and your ratings higher.
You have to pre-order the dough, how many pies you are going to have. They are thin crust, which I prefer, so that means you are probably going to be eating more than you usually do.
Be prepared to WAIT. We had a reservation for 8, we were seated by around 8:15, and saw the first pie come in at around 9:15. I know, its ridiculous.
Servers can either be ok, or cranky. They are busy on weekends.  I dont know about weekdays.
Finally, the pizza is really good. The tomato sauce is mildly flavored and kind of sweet. There is not much cheese on them, which says it on the menu. Margeritas have very little basil on them, still they taste very good. I was not impressed by the white pie, I prefer sauce on my pizza.
Its a byo for beer and wine only.I live in NYC.  Pizza is a delicacy here.  I still love Tacconelli's.  Maybe it's just that by the time I find my way there I'm starving...but whatever it is -- its good.  Downside: pricier than your average pizza joint, cash only, and you have to order your dough in advance! 
I've been far and wide for my pizza: 
In SF it's Amici's 
In NY I haven't even gotten past the tip of the iceberg - but Grimaldi's, Coals...I'm daily trying to find the next perfect slice.
In New Haven: Sally's, Pepe's, and most recently BAR.  
But in Philadelphia nothing compares to Tacconelli's.  It's worth the inconvenience and the plastic cups....I'm no pizza expert, but in general, pizza in Philadelphia disappoints. Yeah, you can go to a fancy pants place and get a good pie, but what about when you just have a jonesing for a thin crust?
Tacconelli's fills this void. I don't know why it took me so long to get here, but I am oh so happy I finally did go. I pre-ordered two doughs when I made my reservation so we went with a tomato pie with prosciutto and a margerita pizza.
I hear the wait can be rough, but we were in and out within an hour, so I think we waited maybe 20-30 mins for our pizzas? And they were worth it.
The crust is so crispy and the sauce is just. It's just perfect. The margerita pizza was everything I was looking for in pizza in this darn city and I finally found it.
I'm from the Upper Darby area so their tomato pie wasn't what I was expecting (Pica's tomato pie is forever engrained in who I am) but it was still really satisfying.
I love the feel of this place. It's a pizza joint, that's it.  There's no need to dress up or think ahead, just go (after calling ahead to reserve your dough, of course). And be prepared to love your meal.
For some reason prices are not listed anywhere. But the end bill was quite reasonable, $40 for 2 pies and 2 drinks.
From now on, whenever I want a slice, I'm headed here. They also do take-out, win!This could easily be the best pizza in Philly. Definitely order ahead and get there early if you're eating in.Absolutely the best pizza in Philadelphia. End of conversation. Bring some beers and your appetite. One pie per person is a good idea so there is some to bring homeI've heard a lot about this place since first moving to Port Richmond a few months ago, and I was very excited to try it. Talk about disappointment. We decided to go with the margherita, and although the pizza didn't take as long as others reviews have indicated, it did come out very burnt. To the point that the crust was black, the bottom of the pizza was black, and our mouths and fingers were left covered in charred pizza dough.
After getting past the taste of burnt dough, the pizza itself was JUST mediocre. Besides being burnt, it had perhaps eight (one per slice) very small, thin slices of mozzarella, and some very crispy dried basil. Definitely not worth all of the rave reviews that we have heard and seen. And don't even bother expressing your displeasure to the staff, because they could care less. When she came to check on us and she pleasantly asked how everything was, we indicated that the pizza was burnt. She told us that it wasn't burnt, but rather black from the pizza oven. My mistake, I guess I can't tell burnt food from the color black. Flavors and colors are the same thing, after all.
Without so much as apologizing for providing their customers with a burnt pizza, we were handed the check for $21.50 and told to have a nice day. When you can buy a delicious slice of perfectly cooked dough, topped with homemade sauce, ample toppings, and excellent customer service on just about any block in Philly, Tacconelli's ought to step up their game, and soon.Finally...after years of hearing about this famed pizza I have had my first taste!
You have to call in ahead of time to reserve your dough. So I called in at 10:15am on a Friday and it was busy...continued to call for about a half hour and finally got to place my order for 6pm take-out: 2 regular pies.
I seriously was excited all day about this...yeah I'm a dork and really really really love pizza. 
We arrived at Tacconelli's at 6pm and end up waiting almost a half hour for the pies. Ehh...kinda was annoyed at that but hey I really want this pizza. When we get home, I open the box and spy the pie with lots of sauce and a few smatterings of cheese--hmm. I take my first bite and wow is the sauce AMAZING, such great flavors of garlic and FRESH tomato (now I know why the cheese isn't really needed). The crust was extremely thin but tasty; I ate 4 pieces easily. I don't know if I'd say it's the best I've ever had but it was pretty damn good.
Only thing is it's a bit expensive and you really need at least 1 pie for 2 people since it isn't very heavy or filling.
Next time I am dining in to get the whole Tacconelli's experience!Amazing pizza! Hands down the best pizza crust I've ever had anywhere, from Italy, SF, NY, ...  and it's family owned!This place is cash only and only has pizza on the menu. Had the margherita pizza and the regular pizza with proscuitto and onions. The margherita was just ok - not bad by no means, but i've had better. The regular with proscuitto and onions was amazing. One of the better slices i've ever had. Gotta go back and try their white pizza and tomato pie..I love the extremely thin crust pizza they serve here. You get to actually taste the sauce and the cheese instead of a chunk of dough. Also, the perfect crisp in the pie makes everything worth while. Don't put too much topping on these pies bc your pizza will def fall apart! I love the margarita and the white pie they offer here. Mmm, the thought of it makes me want some tonight. Down fall...I probably wouldn't be able to get it tonight bc you have to preorder your dough! Also, they are extremely expensive. The pies aren't that big. I'm not that big of a girl, and yet I can probably finish the whole pie by myself.Pizza is good. Not sure it's worth the hour+ wait, even with a reservation and dough reserved. Service was a C+ at best. Be sure you eat a snack or two before you get there.Tacconelli's in Port Richmond has long been Philly's iconic pizza.  It is very popular.  In fact you have to reserve the dough ahead of time if you want to enjoy a pizza that evening.  Reservations start on the morning of each day it is open ... and you better get that dough reservation in early or you'll be informed on the phone that they are all sold out for the day.  All this adds to the mystique of Tacconelli's.  Now obviously this is a good pizza or it wouldn't be so popular but it is def not my favorite by any means.  I like my local pizzeria in Vienna much more as well as a few other specialty pizza spots in Philly.  I love white pizza a lot but Tacconelli's White has just too much garlic for me to really love it.  I'm not a big garlic fan to begin with but if you do like garlic, you'll be in garlic heaven with a white pizza from Tacconelli's.  I could round down to three stars or round up to four stars.  Well since it's Tacconelli's, I'll go up to four!Went here with 18 people and we ordered 18 pies, so there was no shortage of pizza to try.  With that many pies, coming out one at a time, it was basically a 2 hour taste testing of everything Tacconelli's has to offer.  Coupled with a cooler of beer, not a bad way to spend a thursday night.  
The highlights were any of the white pies and anything with prosciutto.  Do your self a favor and order a prosciutto and spinach on white.  The thin-crispy crust was great and the garlic on the white pizza matched perfectly with the saltiness of the prosciutto.
That said - wasn't overly impressed by the other pizza types.  Still a great crust, but the  flavors didn't wow me.Ok so growing up, tac's was my absolute favorite place to eat! The memories of going there were priceless.  I could stare at that pizza paddle for hours.  Then I grew up and realized........wow the pizza is really not that great.  But forget about the pizza for a seond, the service alone makes me want to yell at people walking in "GET OUT OR YOU'LL HAVE TO MAKE A BED UP IN THERE".  The service is a disgrace.  Seriously, who wants to eat somewhere, where the waitresses ignore you, when you ask where your pizza is after waiting for over an hour and they roll their eyes at you!  I am really upset at how horrible this place has turned out.  I think if the service was better I'd go back because the pizza isn't that bad.  But seriously to wait over 2 hours for a pizza, it is really not worth it. 
By the way I am making this judgement after visiting it twice in the past year the first time with the service being so bad, I thought ok maybe just a bad night but then to go not even a year later and havethe same type of horrible service, I am sorry but I am done with that place.This is a different experience than a general pizzeria -1 on the fact that toppings are canned! The pizza was delicious, as expected! I would totally go again!OK so the ordering is a pain and the service not always great,  but this is the best pizza in town. Hands down. Get "the special" and you won't regret it. We always get other kinds of pizzas in addition, at the insistence of others. They always end up saying that we should have just gotten more orders of the special.This is the pizza of legend, the dough that must be called for by telephone before it is ordered. I work in the area and was told by a co-worker how to properly order, and gattdayum was it worth it.
Best pizza in Philadelphia for sure. Try any one of the house specialty pies or just a plain. The crunchy thin crust out of the brick oven and the sweet sauce can't be beat in the city.This has to be one of my FAVORITE pizza spots in Philadelphia!  I usually go to Tacconelli's with a large group of people.  We have never had any issue with seating and the service has always been great.  The ambiance itself reminds me of a grandma's kitchen. A couple of things to note..
- You have to reserve your dough ahead of time and have to tell them how many pizza's you want. (This is very important!)
- The pizza itself is made from a thin crust.  My favorites are onion, pepperoni, and the margarita.
- This place is also a BYOB which is great so bring your wine, beer, etc.
- They give you paper plates and plastic utensils and water is served in big pitchers for the table.
- The pizza's don't come out all at once. Usually they serve one to two at a time which I personally like that way the pizza stays warm.Let me start by saying I would like to give this terrible pizza shop zero stars. First you have to call like 4 hours earlier to even order this dreadful pizza if you can even call this pizza. The early call is supposed to prepare your dough..... Wow!! Anyway finally arrived to pick up pizza and were greeted by some of the most racist and ignorant workers. They both barely said hi and had real bad attitudes. Putting their horrible custom service aside the pizza is way too expensive. I start to eat the pizza outside in my car, it's supposed to be an original Italian oven pizza. I look inside the box and there is not that much cheese at all on the pizza, all sauce with the crust burnt. The sauce tastes like they buy bad canned pasta sauce from a cheap store like Aldi's or some second rate store. To make a long story short, the worst pizza ever, wouldn't feed this garbage to my dog, and don't waste the nearly $30 dollars I spent for it. This gets a thumb up their assBefore I moved from Detroit to Philadelphia, I had heard of the mythical Tacconelli's pie. My boyfriend's family has been going here religiously for a really long time and it's obvious why - IT'S THE BEST.
I think he said it best - there's all other pizza and there's Tacconelli's. 
All they serve is pizza, pitchers of water, iced tea, and soda in paper cups. They only have paper plates. They only take cash. Their special is white with spinach & tomato. In my opinion, that and the plain red pie are the best, but they also have various toppings to suit your fancy.
If you don't like it it's because you're an amateur (can't take the wait, didn't call ahead and reserve your dough, couldn't find it, etc.) or because you're like a five year old and would rather eat that doughy, chewy, floppy garbage. Their pizza is the best. That's all I really wanted to say. "THE BEST, JERRY. THE BEST."Tacconelli's is the best pizza around, rivals my favorites from NYC and is my wife's absolute favorite.  The pizza is very thin (you should expect to eat more slices than normal) with a nice char to it. 
If you do not get your reservations in for early, you will very likely have a wait, but it is well worth it.  If you get there before 4:30-5ish, you will not be able to get sausage on your pizza.