Nomnomnom.  Haven't eaten anything I don't like here, but I come back for the enchiladas de mole.This place is mediocre to me. 
I have definitely had better tacos than this place. 
First off, it was hard for me to place an order because they fluff the titles for these tacos. Can we keep it simple people? After all, you are located in the ghetto where the surrounding population is not the most literate. Call a pork taco, Carnitas; not some fancy name you made up. 
Second, I think if you're an employee here, especially the cashier, it would behoove you to know the exact prices on the menu. The cashier was overcharging us for 3 tacos. The only reason my fiancée noticed was because we were low on cash and had just enough for only 3 tacos. We didn't know this place was cash only prior to walking in.
Third and lastly, the tacos had no flavor. They were so bland. I had such high expectations because of all the reviews. Yea, these tacos did not live up to some of these raving reviews on here. I had a pork taco and my fiancée had a chicken. Both were bland. Maybe if we would've gotten a bigger piece of lime we could've added some flavor to these tacos. I barely got 3 drops out of the tiny piece of lime I was given. So first you overcharge me and then you're stingy with your lime? Yea I'm not impressed by this place. Also, in regards to the chicken taco, the chicken had a lot of fat in it. I got annoyed by having to pick out the fat that I didn't even finish the taco. I left here very unsatisfied and hungry. 
As far as the service, the cashier was nice. The wait wasn't too long. There were some college guys eating when we got there. There was one guy in front of us doing take out and one couple that came in after us. 
It was worth a shot trying it out but I would not recommend this place to other and I will not be going back.I have lived around the area here for a few years and have been a customer of Taco Riendo for just as long. Excellent food with healthy portions at decent prices, you see the chef's cook your food right behind the counter. Friendly service, great location minutes from No Libs 
The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because I feel the food is often filled with rice or beans, and I'd prefer a better spread with meat or vegetables. I will eat here again, no doubts about itTaco Riendo is pretty good.
The hot salsa is amazing and will blast away any other red salsa/hot sauce colloid you've ever had.
The vegetarian tacos are fine. They're less mushy than your average quick fix Mex place, and the lettuce is crisp. 
The guacamole is good. It's nice to emulsify with the hot sauce and create a chunky avocado cream topping for your left over tortillas.Good food, although it's definitely overpriced. They also take very long to serve your meal. I go back only when I have a very long period of time to eat.Went here for the first time with my girlfriend and also work in the restaurant industry so I know what is a good place and the food was pretty good a bit bland but add a bit of what seems like house made hot sauce and it really set it off. The reason for my review isn't for the food but the service. .....I paid 42 bucks for what I thought was 2 platters and a side of nachos n guacamole and 2 jarritos but only got the 2 platters and drinks by no means am I complaining that I want my money but that the lady just seem like she didn't care and was taking it for herself....pretty sad to me and made me kinda not Wana come back....I can only really rate the elotes asados (roasted corn cobs) because it's the only thing I've eaten there - and the only thing I need to eat. 
Taco Riendo offers authentic Mexican fare at a fairly low price - the roasted corn amazingness will set you back $2.50 a pop. (Believe me, you'll want more than one.) 
What, exactly, are elotes asados? What makes them so special? 
Magic. Or, I suppose it could be full-sized cob with topped with Mexican mayo, queso fresco, lime, and chile piquin (pepper).I'm not sure how this rates compared to other Philly-Mexican food, but coming from Chicago I am spoiled where fantastic Mexican food is in abundance and incredibly cheap.  
The taste is quite comparable to those Chicago spots... it is basic, not fancy, and they don't make a fuss in giving it to you in such an elegant way.  It's pretty authentic.  The chorizo I had was really good and not greasy like a lot of places are.  Good rice, good beans.  The interior seems nice, but I only got take out and I sat in the car so I am certainly not a good judge for that.  
This place is by no means bad.. it's okay.. but the prices should reflect that.  Chicago would probably offer these things at least a few dollars cheaper in most cases.I don't usually give 5 stars, and especially I don't give 5 stars to Mexican food because it usually doesn't agree with with me much later... however...
This is by far my favorite Mexican in the city. This mom and pop shop is family owned and casually decorated with ament cozy lightening and the smell of Mexican cuisine in the air for blocks.
The salsa con queso chips was an easy appetizer to nosh on while we waited for our burritos and the orange tangy house made salsa was amazing. I'd definitely get extra next time to smother on my burrito. 
The burrito was perfectly balanced with a heaping load of meat, a pocket of cheese, bean, peppers, onions, rice and a dallop of sour cream. 
My friend ordered the pork and said it was also perfectly constructed and the pork was wonderfully seasoned however I'm not a pork fan so I strayed away.
For a decently cheap 8-13$ meal this place offers quite the punch of Mexican cuisine. Next time I'm definitrly gonna try one of the platters.I actually feel kind of bad rating this place so low, because it does seem to be pretty authentic, and I feel like our experience easily could have been different (in a positive way).
The decor was great, nice and bright and cheery (in stark contrast to the landscape outside).  It was only the two of us and two other people in the place, but if there had been more people it probably would have seemed very crowded (they have a ton of tables and chairs packed into not such a big space).  
Everything started going downhill when we placed our order and were told that they didn't have guacamole "at this time".  This was pretty much a deal breaker for me.  In my book, a Mexican place being out of guacamole is like a burger joint being out of ketchup or an Italian place being out of pasta sauce.  
I got a vegetarian burrito, and my friend got the vegetarian tostadas.  The service was very fast (probably due to the place being almost empty).  The burrito was fine, but a little heavy on the rice rather than the beans.  I profoundly felt the absence of the guacamole.  We've never had tostadas before so I don't have any comparison, but we weren't too impressed.  They might have appealed to some people, but the pico de gallo on them was so spicy my friend couldn't eat them.  I like spicy food, and they were pretty spicy even for me.  We're not accustomed to very spicy pico de gallo--maybe this is an issue of authentic vs nonauthentic--but the menu definitely didn't make it seem like these were going to be as spicy as they were.Since leaving Pilsen (in Chicago), I have been desperate for some quality Mexican food. I came here on my birthday and was not disappointed!! I got their veggie burrito and shared some of their tamales and a horchata. It was all crazy delicious. Beware the red salsa though. If not tempered with horchata it can ruin your taste buds permanently. 
CASH ONLY. BYOB.Good food but I think its overpriced...And its cash only..come on I go with my wife and pay $35 for three tacos and a skimpy burrito and two  drinks..and they can't  afford to accept credit/debit.I'm from Chicago, which is basically infested with Mexican food.  When I moved here I was a nonbeliever in the "Mexican Philadelphia Restaurant."  That is, until I found this beautiful place.  I can't tell you one thing wrong with this place, except maybe that they have too many delicious sauces.
Oh do you think they are a little on the expensive side?  
Well let me tell you, my friend, you get what you pay for, and if you aren't going to pay for a little more tasty, you've got yourself a terrible problem.Simple yet delicious Mexican. Loved the enchiladas and chicken quesadilla. Great neighborhood spot that I'd visit all the time if I lived nearby.stay away. this place is horrible! i was here last year for enchiladas and they were decent so tried this place again for tacos. i paid $10 and change for 3 tacos (two pork and 1 chicken). both were overcooked and lacked any sort of seasoning. not even salt or pepper. to make them tasty they charge extra for sour cream or cheese (not the real mexican cheese btw, shredded jack). i literally had cubed grilled chicken on store bought corn tortillas with a sprinkling of onions. nasty! the salsas are also not very good- super spicy but zero flavor. how is that possible? i would recommend chipotle over this place. cantina down the street isn't as "authentic" but it's a million times better and even with hiked up prices you can get delicious pulled pork tacos for less than this place charges. i'm sticking with mexican restaurants on washington where three delicious tacos average about  $6.Solid Mexican spot. Decent tacos (I am a taco snob).... awesome corn.AWESOME!  I just love this place.  Their food and horchata is great.I'm in the car heading to the port richmond thriftway for groceries..... and I'm thinking about how much I really don't feel like cooking for one and throwing out leftovers.
so I pull over and get out the phone for a taco search. Taco Riendo! I forgot all about wanting to find and try it, so today was the day.
I parked a couple blocks away and followed the scent. the streets were literally filled with the most delicious smell. When I step inside I see the whole grill is about a foot deep in pork, pineapple and onion. That was all the appetizer I needed.
One hiccup was that they told me they were out of chicken, but I think they just meant chicken for tacos? not sure, so I settled on the steak, not usually a choice I make in Mexican fair but I went for it and expected to be disappointed.
It was like taking a train to awesome town. I got take out and this was one of those rare occasions where the take out was fantastic and not sweaty or soggy.
totally worth it!Love this place! Small cozy atmosphere, BYO, delicious food! Usually go with friends, order a few different plates and all share. Everything has been great. Chicken tacos with avocado, onion and cactus one of my faves. Check it out!!Delicious, authentic Mexican food. The guacamole was spicy and so flavorful. The tilapia fish tacos were good. The Latin music was a bonus and just added to the experience. We met the owner 2 days prior to our visit. He's a real sweetheart! The girl that works behind the counter needs customer service training. We weren't even greeted when we walked in. It would have been five stars if not for that.
Update: I visited again last month and had an all around wonderful experience. The service was excellent( different hostess). The owner was working hard cooking up delicious food on the grill. There's something to be said for an owner who does this work himself! This time I had chicken tacos and Mexican Corn. I will be dreaming about that corn for months to come. It was sooooooo good!!!
My 4 star review has been upgraded to a 5 star!I'm surprised that there are any good reviews here, much less a large amount of them. I can only guess that none of you fine people have been to any of the South Philly Taquerias, or hell, even Dos Segundos. My first review of Taco Riendo was better than it deserved simply because I love Mexican. This time, I can't give it a low enough rating.
When none of the workers at a "Mexican" place have any discernable accent, it's a bad sign. I wouldn't be surprised to find thart Riendo is Mexican for Bell.
After ordering at the counter, I went to the bucket of drinks to see the various Mexican soda options. Every bottle was warm. I asked for water, and the girl pointed me to an iceless pitcher and a styrofoam cup. The water was also warm. Nothing better than pouring your own warm drink.
My chicken tacos came out, and in comparison, the water was actually warmer than the food. The salsa, however, is the hottest I've ever had. There's nothing wrong with heat if you can still taste the ingredients. All you can taste here, though, is heat. So instead I ordered a side of pico de gallo, which turned out to be about an ounce worth of pico. A 5-cent portion for $2. It didn't matter anyway since they never brought me any bloody chips!
The chicken tacos would've been more aptly named "cilantro tacos." I couldn't even eat the tortilla shells since they had the texture of being microwaved 10x. They were as rubbery as...a big, thick piece of rubber (I'm at a loss for analogies, okay?!). The chicken was flavorless, bland and luke warm.
I'm really digging deep for something positive to say about this place, and all I can come up with is: the girl at the register was pleasant. That's all I got. It's not enough to get me to come back. Nice knowin' you, Taco Riendo.Taco Riendo is one of the things I am really going miss after leaving Kensington. I see us hoping in the car and heading up there every now and again though.
The burritos are great, so are the sopes, tostadas and salads. But the namesake, the taco, takes center stage. Try them all (if you are brave, even the "taco mixto"). 
Favs:
Truck Driver w/ chicken
Chorizo y queso
Al Pastor
de Pescado
Make sure to finish it off with a glass of Horchata.
They don't take plastic but there is an ATM inside.Excellent food. Cash Only. 
Came to taco riendo for lunch a few days ago and ordered steak, chicken, and pork tacos. All were very flavorful, but the chicken was incredibly tasty. 
Would recommend. 
Just know that it is cash only and freezing cold inside. You order at the cashier and they bring out the food as it is reeady. You pick up your own plates before you go. 
enjoy!Always solid and very reasonably priced, fairly authentic fare.  BYOB, good outdoor space on nice weather.  Not the most exciting or populated neighborhood, just north of Northern Liberties.  Try the Elote Asado (roasted corn on the cob).  Burritos are tasty and filling, but not huge.A good rival to the street tacos I used to savor in NYC. Delicious and affordable, this place needs to stay open later than 9 p.m. every night. Those who never venture above Girard - it's your loss.I have eaten in  both inside and on the patio a handful of times and get take out from here when I need that Mexican Food fix. Its pretty good and pretty authentic (way better than any of that trend-mex stuff in no libs) but not mind blowing and a tad stingy on the shrimp. Also my take out came with no salsa or any toppings whatsoever for my tacos? ARGH. The taco truck on Washington Ave gives more bang for the buck minus the atmosphere. A good place for a convenient burrito .I'm a huge fan of Taco Riendo, but I'm a little reticent to write review because I love how secluded it can be.
The food is extremely fresh and the portions are excellent. I don't eat meat, so I can only attest to the vegetarian burrito and the corn. First things first-- burrito is hot and excellent. This is full stomach, warm belly food. The rice is tasty but not overpowering to the rest of the burrito. 
The corn is freaking phenomenal. I've never had a whole portion, I just take bites of other peoples, because I'm afraid what might happen if I eat a whole ear. The flavor is just amazing.
Also for a period they were not serving avocados and/or tomatoes because of the poor quality of the produce and high price. I admired that. Those two ingredients are quite integral to Mexican food, and I missed them (especially guac) but I appreciated that they chose to forsake certain items due to the lack of quality.
SERIOUS taste, authentic Mexican food, in a cozy little environment-- oh, and it's BYOB.This local BYO is pretty no-frills. You get what you order and it's good and spicy. I had the Tinga tostadas which were good and the guac which was small but flavorful. They gave a lot of chips for a small amount of guacamole. the horchata was very delicious and authentic. Make sure to bring your favorite bottle!!I enjoy Taco Riendo as it often offers some authentic flavor of Mexico, much different from that of So.Cal Amexican. Occasionally things are a bit dry, but its one of the few places I've been to where I was able to get a taco with cactus and oaxaca cheese. Overall, I enjoyed it and would go back.Best tacos in Philly! Take that South Philly! Kensington has got you beat. Great real Mexican. Try the grilled corn that is slathered in deliciousness! BYOB to their lovely patio when the weather cooperates. Great salsa!
Only drawback is that their prices were recently raised, but that does not diminish the quality of their food!wanted to try this place out. it was so-so, their elote was still kind of cold :( the fish taco was ok, not amazing. also tried the horchata, i didn't like it.
it's a corner joint, lot of people were getting take outs. it's a order at the counter and sit/eat kind of place. it's a cheap place if your craving tacos around the way.Delicious! The elote asado is the best Mexican corn I've ever had. Love that it's byo and has a cute outdoor porch.went to taco riendo last night, had some lovely chile relleno tacos with some freakin delicious cheese.  the salsa here is authentic and quite possibly the best salsa in philadelphia.  i just love this place.The corn is the best, although I would reccomend skipping it in the winter (not taco riendos fault, winter corn is no bueno) I actually had the same corn from street vendors in Mexico. I also really like the enchiladas verde a great value since its also served with rice and beans for around $8. My usual order is 2 grilled streak tacos with the super spicey red salsa and at $2.50 each a great deal since you can make each taco into 2 small ones. Ive never been into the chips here, although they are a nessasary vehicle for the incredible salsa verde. Overall it's some of the best Mexican I've had outside of Mexico!When I have a taco emergency this is the only place that fills the void... Best tacos in Philly as far as I'm concerned.  It's a real Mom and Pop joint and everyone's very nice and works hard. Talk to the owner and ask about how he and his wife started the place. Try their al pastor and the carne asada with cactus. I haven't had anything I didn't like.Cool stuff. Some authentic genuine Mexican cuisine in this joint. Real light and fresh ingredients. Nothings overly saturated or salty or sweet like it is at fast food places and phony Mexican style restaurants. They have rotating specials for variety and a deep menu with lots of options. Friendly attentive wait staff, and happy hard working ma and pa working the grills makes for a comfortable laid back environment.When I am craving authentic Mexican on a shoestring budget this place rocks my face off! This family owned restaurant offers fresh ingredience, sizable portions and service with a smile. I am looking forward to the spring when I can enjoy my plate of goodness under the stars on thei new back patio!Been here just once and tried the Pineapple and Pork Burrito. It was awesome, but 10 bux for one burrito is a little much.This is a great place for lunch. I brought my four-year-old daughter here, and both of us had a good meal, which is not something that can be done at every Mexican place. The neighborhood is a little strange, though. It reminds me of the Philly I knew as a boy - plenty of empty lots, warehouses and busted Camrys.
Regardless, my daughter had three shrimp quesadillas, and after I scraped off the flavorful, yet too-spicy-for-a-toddler sauce, she ate all of it. I had three corn tortillas with differing amounts of cheese and shrimp and queso blanco, along with a Mexican Coke. The flavors were fresh, clear, and well blended.
For dessert, I had horchata and my daughter had a flan. The horchata was a real mix of Mexican chocolate, cinnamon, and milk. Very good. The flan, however, was godly. The custard was creamy, but the sauce was a super rich caramel.
It's cash only, of which I barely had enough to scrape by.First time going there today, and like many others came away impressed. I hate cash only, which it seems is everywhere in philly, but I digress. Good overall food, I went with the salmon tacos, and decent prices. Small, but cozy. I will be back again....Taco Riendo is a small, cozy corner spot. You walk up to the counter and place your order to eat at a table there or to get to go. They even have those great really high tables that are fun (and slightly hazardous) to sit at at any age.
The people are very nice and service is quick. My burrito was fresh and piping hot, and was still hot when I got it back to my apartment. Plus, it was absolutely delicious (al pastor burrito - yes please!). I highly recommend Taco Riendo for a cheap, quick bite to eat, especially in snowy situations.
**Cash only!**If Julia Child wrote a Mexican cookbook, she would model it after this place.  This is the most amazing place.  These people really believe in making the most delicious food to make the world a happier & tasty place!
So for breakfast... Burritocon Huevo Chorizo... insane!  Enchiladas Verdes con Pollo, Cebolla y Crema... the cream, the cheese, tomatillo salsa, will drive you to come back the very next day!
Tacos, Tacos, Tacos... wow... wow...  Taco de Alambre Bistek o Pollo Queso de Oaxaca!  Peppers, and Oaxaca cheese and chicken with onions.  For Rock Stars only!
These are the most wonderful people who run this establishment, their team is amazing, I love this place.Great food, byob. Went with friends on a Friday night, didn't wait too long for food. Everyone enjoyed their meal. Have to try the corn on the cob.I'm a FOH manager at a nearby restaurant, and am appalled by the management at this location, I don't believe they even have a manager. I've had issues in the past with trying to contact a manager for catering services and to set up a party at their location, and it was like running into a dead end. Yesterday I ate in at Taco Riendo and had an issue with the food, and suprise suprise, no manager to help. 
1. Back in June I wanted to set up a catering job for a summer event we were doing outside, and called the Taco Riendo asking how to go about setting this up. The cashier said this is a service they do offer and gave me both the phone number and email of the manager. For a week I attempted to call and email the manager to set this up and never received a call back. Finally, I went into the restaurant to try to meet with the manager, and noone with that title was there. The cashier said she wasn't in at the moment, but asked what I needed help with. The cashier then sat down with me and helped me plan and set up my order, took less then 10 minutes. If it only took 10 minutes to set it up with one of the cashiers, why did I try to contact this nonexistent manager for a week? 
2. My daughter's 21st birthday was in August, she wanted to take a group of friends to Taco Riendo because they are BYOB and have an outdoor patio with lights and music. Again, I wanted to set up family style dishes for us to all be able to share. I try to call the manager again, thinking maybe last time there was a reason I couldn't get in touch with her. WOW this time she answered, only after two days! She advises me to not do family style dishes, and to order off the menu on a busy Friday night instead. At this point I wanted to wash my hands of Taco Riendo because I do alot of big events, and the 'MANAGER' clearly doesn't want to take the time to accommodate those kinds of events. But I couldn't cancel because my daughter and her friends were looking forward to going there. I arrived about 30 minutes early to decorate the back, and the same cashier who helped me last time was there. She helps me decorate and asks if there was anything else I needed.... I express how I wanted family style dishes and how I was told to order off the menu. She asks if I still wanted family style dishes and sets it up for me with only twenty minutes until our party. How can the cashier who was busy both times, take the time to accommodate me and the MANAGER not be able to do this. It seriously blew my mind. I wanted to offer the cashier a job at my establishment because she was clearly to nice and talented to be working for such imbeciles. 
3. Friends invite me to dinner last night to celebrate a promotion, since I didn't set this up, I figure there probably won't be a problem. I order the chicken special tacos, which I've had in the past and the meat came out black. Picture will be listed below. Yes, the chicken was brownish black. I ask the cashier to speak with the manager, because the chicken looked old and nonedible, she tells me there is no manager so her and the cook explain to me they switched from white meat to dark meat. WTF. The order specifies with grilled chicken, and instead I received chicken thighs which is filled with fat and the color is not appealing. No sign or anything letting customer know that they no longer serve grilled chicken, instead replaced white meat with dark fat meat. Sorry Taco Riendo, I am done! The last two times I have a pass to you because the staff memeber was able to accommodate me, but last night the staff was clearly incapable of helping at all. 
I ADVISE TO NOT ASK FOR A MANAGER SINCE THERE IS NONE, AND NOT TO ORDER THE CHICKEN.So after reading all of the reviews and even having some local friends tell me I have to go,  I did...while I gave it a 3 my rating would be a 3.5. The staff was friendly and the ambiance was very authentic. The only taco I got that I loved was the pork and pineapple. The chorizo and  the chicken,onion and avocado were good but not special and the steak and cactus was very plain and not very tasty at all. Everything was prepared well but just not a mind blowing experience. I will go again to give it a fair shot and if other things are better I will adjust my review accordingly.Went there for dinner tonight and all I can say is that this place BLOWS. Though the presentation of the food is good, it lacks major flavor. 
All tacos are served in a soft shell and they didn't have ground beef. My husband had the pulled beef tacos which he didn't care for, and I had the cheese quesadillas (mushy, not crispy) and house salad (good). We tried an order of the chicken soup which was pretty good but everything else was just, well..ya know.. MEH! 
Save yourself the trip and go to Qdoba (yes, I said Qdoba) or any other mexican joint in the city. I'm sure there are way better than this.My husband and I stopped by here today for the first and had the steak and shrimp burrito and I must say it was sooo delicious! We will be returning!!The best thing about this place was the byob. and obviously that has little to do with the food. Everything our group had was bland including the chips and salsa.Love this place. I've gotten nearly everything on the menu. I've always been pleased. Pork burrito with pineapple is my go to. Can't beat the chips and salsa too!Another solid mexican spot to add to the list in the Fishtown/Northern Liberties / Kensington area. 
This no frills restaurant is located on a quiet street in a somewhat safer looking area of Kensington.   You just order from the counter and they will bring you the food out to the restaurant area or the outdoor garden area to the right of the entrance. 
My wife and I went for breakfast and I had the chorizo, egg and cheese tacos while she had the huevos rancheros. The tacos were excellent!  Some of the best chorizo I've had since a trip to Barcelona a few years back.  Fresh homemade tortillas too. My wife was fairly impressed with the eggs and tortilla but she thought the beans and rice were pretty standard. 
Even though the chorizo alone was a 10, I give this a 4 as I haven't been enough times to form a proper opinion. I will be returning though!This local Mexican spot is great. Try the chicken burrito, the soups (rotate depending on the day of the week), and the giant meat platter. I usually get double chicken and steak instead of the chicken, steak, and shrimp combo offered. It ends up being about two meals for me which is a decent amount of food. Oh, and it's BYOB. Awesome during the summer.BEST Tostadas!! Best soup- spicy red broth with chicken and hominy. All over wonderful experience. And yes it is cash only- deal with it-Since my last review, I have very carefully gone to Taco Riendo once in awhile just to see if anything's changed (and because honestly, I missed the food!).. and lo and behold, the girl I described seems to have left. I think she had a baby and peaced out.. which makes me tentatively say this place gets 2 more stars.. working it's way back into my heartI had veggie tacos and the taste is amazing! Not ordinary tacos where you have the taste of flour, beans, and cheese and that's it; their tacos is so well seasoned, and the taste is really rich and satisfying.I found this place when taking a shortcut on N 5th Street from Girard to Temple's campus. The curb appeal is what drew me to Yelp to see what this business was all about. After seeing some pictures and reading a few of their reviews I decided to bring my girlfriend there for dinner. 
They don't have a private lot. It's mostly street parking. However, it's in a rough area so be careful depending on the time of day. It is an order at the counter type of place. Also, it's cash only and I didn't see any ATMs nearby. Despite it being right around dinner time we were able to get a table immediately and place our order at the counter. 
We ordered the nachos and a few quesadillas. Sort of a light dinner. Everything was delicious. I definitely want to come back sometime soon to try some of their other dishes and maybe next time we'll take advantage of the BYOB.Oh Taco Riendo... why am I not inside you eating burritos right now?  Oh, that's right, because I was there eating burritos 4 hours ago.  
So two of my girlfriends came to Fishtown today from the suburbs of Montgomery County.  Trying to figure out where we'd have lunch, I suggested this place.  I ignored the fact that we had Mexican on Friday night because those assembly line TexMex chains don't really count, and because I am always up for a burrito.  Glad we went!  
One friend and I got burritos.  The other friend got quesadillas.  We all loved our food.  The meals were simple, flavorful, and fresh.  They didn't need to be drowned in salsa or sour cream.  It was just the right size to fill us to the brim, but not push us into that uncomfortable, too full zone.  
My only complaint:  What's with not serving salsa and chips?  Everywhere else gives them to you!  Granted it's only $2.50 to add it on, and that $2.50 gives you a lot of salsa and chips.  But I'm used to not having to pay for that small luxury.  Another interesting fact, I went from being full for 4 hours to suddenly being starved.  Guess I'll just have to go back for a taco or two.Flying fish tacos, Batman! This place is pretty good. 
No there isn't "flying fish" on the menu, but there is a damn good fish taco. I ordered two, because sometimes that's all you want. Next time, I think I'll be a bit more adventurous, because I know it will be good or, dare I say, better. All I know is I want to take a bath in that hot sauce they give you on the side.
Also, Jarritos is a great soda, and the tamarind flavor is tops.
My buddy got the mole platter, and he let me try the mole sauce and it was quite tasty.Literally the most amazing Mexican in the city!
The chicken tostadas & the nachos especial are amazing! I really don't have anything bad to say except that they don't deliver!
Really a great little find. Fast, efficient & friendly! Certainly worth the stop! When I'm craving Mexican this is my go to & I guarantee it always will be'I'm always in the market for some good mexican food.  I was in the Northern Liberties one day for an art show and just stumbled upon this in looking for a cheap place to eat.
The food is great, the place isn't pretentious.  Its just great authentic mexican food.  You order at the counter, sit and they bring it to you.  Service is quick even when they have a ton of people in this small restaurant.  
Things to order:  Nachos Especial, Enchiladas Verdes, Any kind of taco (although be aware, the tacos are small-order a bunch).
Overall...Its great!Man this place is 100% legit.  The owner Octavia is a great guy, who loves cooking his family recipes.  I have been eating at this place for years and I have never had a bad meal.  Highlights for me are the Tinga burrito and chicken tacos with cactus and avocado.After having lived in Mexico for a few months in High School, I know what authentic Mexican food tastes like. Taco Riendo is as authentic as it gets. Fresh ingredients, simple meals, filling but not grotesquely large portions, and plenty of the good stuff (not just fillers like rice) are trademarks of this little restaurant located in the Kensington area of Philly. Perhaps one of my favorite aspects about Taco Riendo is the atmosphere. It always smells delightful inside the little dining area (where you can watch your meal being prepared and cooked in an extremely clean kitchen), and the decor looks like it all comes straight from Mexico... no keetchy fake Mexican decorations. 
The prices are extremely reasonable, tacos are about 2-4$ for 2 soft tortillas and filling that ranges from the expected (chorizo) to the unique (white fish with pineapple and spicy salsa). And entrees range from about 6$-10$ at most.
My food recommendations are:
ENCHILADAS VERDES!!! These enchiladas are incredible. I have gotten them the last 5 times I have gone to TR. Moist chicken marinated and cooked in the salsa verde then rolled into corn tortillas and smothered in rich yet light and spicy green sauce and covered with cool "mexican cheese" which may be Oaxacan cheese. Side of herbed yellow rice and spicy blackbeans. AMAZING nom nom nom.
Chorizo Burrito: quite simply, stuffed to bursting with spicy sauteed peppers, onions, lettuce, tomato, beans, mexican rice, and plenty of chorizo. Dipping sauce is a smoky red salsa that definitely fires up your senses. So filling you might need to skip breakfast the next day ;)
I'm not sure what this one is called, but during the winter I always get a stew of pollo and calabasitas, basically chicken stew with zucchinni, potatoes, onion and a savory thick sauce that is both spicy and rich. incredible. Perfect comfort food to stave off frostbitten fingertips and the frozen nose  so characteristic of the windy Philly winters.
Y por fin, Mexican Coffee! No matter what time of year you must try this. Spicy and sweet and full of cinnamon and other unknowns this coffee is sure to delight. No cream needed... that would spoil the goodness. Be sure to ask the lovely lady at the cash register if they're brewing it before you leave. Sometimes they will even boil a pot up specially if you look desperate.
Oh! Almost forgot! This is a BYOB! So bring your brews and relax in this chill, friendly, freakin delicious environment.One of the places my boyfriend and I visited before we left Philly. Taco Riendo is situated in a quiet neighborhood where parking was pretty easy to find. We were there for Sunday lunch and it was quite empty.
We ordered up a storm even though we had 2 cheesesteaks beforehand. The tacos were pretty good and made to order. I had the tongue taco and fish taco, both were just alright. The tongue lacked a bit of flavor and was just boiled, wished it was sauteed so it can bring out some flavor. The fish taco was massive, white meat fish with rice on a taco, really nice texture.
I would actually come here again because the atmosphere is great. It felt like 90+ degrees outside when I was there and it was so refreshing and cool inside which I really appreciate. Also, if you don't finish your drinks, they have styrofoam cups for you to use for "takeout".Nice place, atmosphere and people, HOWEVER not vegetarian friendly, and comes off as expensive AND being CHEAP actually for what you can get as a vegetarian/vegan.My favorite taco spot in northern liberties area for sure!
They have a large menu, delicious food, inexpensive prices! Food is always made quickly, girl at register has always been friendly.
It's a cute small spot, I enjoy sitting outside when the weather allows but the open windows there allow you to enjoy the weather from inside too. And I love the green cactus shaped bike racks outside, clever.
I generally get the burritos and tacos here, I think they're the best in the menu! I've had enchiladas, quesadillas, nachos, and tostadas but I didn't like them as much.
Hmm my favorite burrito is the pork and pineapple.. And my favorite tacos include the shrimp, the fish and the pork..
I will continue to eat here often and recommend it to others!One of the best hidden gems in Philly-- seriously incredible food. Small, cozy, family ran restaurant (Byob) with the best Mexican corn and burritos I've ever had. Although it's  cash only which can get annoying occasionally, the food is extremely consistent and authentic. A must try.on the awning outside "la salsa hace la difference"
it's true!  particularly the salsa verde.  but also, everything is so fresh and that makes a huge difference too.
large portions, small price.
been gradually going through the menu, have yet to get something I didn't like.
would order from this place constantly if they delivered... we were ordering que chula es puebla for a while because they delivered, but once we tried taco riendo we couldn't go back to the disgusting food que chula offers.
the only other place in Philly I've tried that compares to taco riendo is la taqueria veracruzana at washington and 9th.Been going to this place since the week they opened a few years ago. I've had close to half the tacos on the menu & I they are all really good. Aside from their good platters, they also carry great tortas & soups. The food gets an A and so does their service. I've always been happy eating here.Stopped here on Saturday while I was on a bike ride called the tour de taco. 20 miles, 10 taco stops. This was stop 8. I took the strategy of one at each stop which was pretty ambitious. Here I wound up ordering the taco de cachete or steamed beef cheek taco. They had an amazing outdoor space and their selection of traditional Mexican cuisine is fantastic. 
The taco was perfect. Two steamed corn tortillas, filled with exactly the right amount of cooked beef cheek, and then topped with cilantro and onion as only the purest of tacos are. I seasoned it up with a bit of lime juice and the spicy orange salsa which I am pretty sure may have been chile de arbol. It was absolutely perfect. The heat was intense, but it didnt overwhelm the taco at all. This was one of my favorite tacos of the day. Everything about was in perfect proportion. Everything was seasoned right, it was just a really well executed taco. They have a nice selection of jarritos as well, so that always wins points with me. 
Great spot. Definitely worth a return visit when the taco hunger strikes me again...Good Authentic Mexican. Very friendly staff. Almost everything they serve is good. I usually get one of the burritos when I go. I love their flan. I think my favorite thing here is the Hawaiian sandwich. The place is BYOB. Not much more to say. Just go there if your in NoLibs and looking for cheap authentic mexican.They're doing some great stuff here. You get to try all kinds of tacos that you wouldn't ordinarily get to eat because they're pretty much all $2-3. That housemade chorizo made my cheeks sweat.Amazing food! Very fresh and authentic! The pork and pineapple tacos and the tilapia taco is bomb! .... and the enchiladas are delicious!I had a hankering for a taco and a friend suggested that I check this place out.  I ordered the shrimp tacos and a diet coke.  The sodas were hot and in a iceless bucket on the counter...needless to say I had to ask for ice and a cup.  The staff were nice and brought my tacos to me while I lounged in the outdoor seating which was quite nice too.  Unfortunately, I wasn't able to find any shrimp in my shrimp tacos...lots of room temperature tomatoes and rice but no camerones anywhere in sight.  With all of the tacquerias in South Philly, I seriously doubt that I'll venture back here.I live right around the place from this taco joint and I haaad to check it out! Someone recommended it to me and I'm glad they did. 
They have all the Mexican you could want and for an amazingly affordable price- especially for the girl on a serious budget. 
I got the pork and pineapple taco (my fav kind of taco). I loved it! 
Next time I am definitely trying the beef tongue! Or the chicken, avocado and cactus! 
Aaand they have Mexican soda! 
Great experience! All day long I have not been able to stop thinking about those tacos! 
Definitely going back soon!I've been sitting on a review of this place for so long I lost my train of thought, which these days doesn't take as long to do as it used to. Wait, what was I talking about? 
Oh yeah, my new favorite Mexican restaurant!Corner taqueria on the Old Kensington/ NoLibs border, with a large variety of tacos, tortas, and platters for pretty cheap - but, as far as authentic Mexican goes, not the best you can find in Philly. 
I had the Grilled Fish Tacos and the Carne Asada and Nopales (grilled beef and cactus) Tacos, which were served with soft corn tortillas. Both were tasty, but lacking something. The grilled fish itself was good, but the tacos were mostly rice, a little too much filler in my opinion. And the beef in my Carne Asada was a little tough. 
My favorite part of the meal was actually the house-made Flan, which was creamy and a nice cool treat on a warm summer evening.
Taco Riendo's not a bad bet, but it wasn't as flavorful as I have come to expect my Mexican food to be.My friends and I always enjoy going out for a meal at Taco Riendo, be it for breakfast, lunch, or dinner.  There is the reliable menu with its soups, guisados (stews) tamales, tortas, and tacos, plus the occasional specials.  The aquas frescas are always excellent - an addictive horchata and thirst quenching sorrel (hibiscus) are my favorites.  The smoky chipotle-based stands out among the three different salsas and I really enjoy the less common taco fillings, such as cabeza (head), lengua, ojos, and cachete (cheek).  Lately, I always ordered elote - grilled corn on the cob with mayonnaise and sprinkled with grated cotija.  You order at the counter and can watch the cooks prepare each plate to order.  
The taqueria is sunny and comfortable, a little piece of Mexico on North 5th.Food is great but service is horrible , they get angry if you ask for anything I got a nasty look just for asking for a soda and a fork smh , guess it was cause I look Mexican ,If you are looking for a cozy place to get inexpensive Mexican food with friendly and efficient service, you cannot do much better than this!  Taco Riendo is not trying to be trendy or fancy, they are just looking to serve high quality food.  The tacos that I had were delicious (I went for the chorizo and pork) and felt quite satisfied after two of them, which amounted to about $7.00.  I probably could have even gotten away with just eating one, but they are just too good.This is one of my favorite restaurants.
My parents are rather obsessed, so I go with them on occasion. Their food is awesome! I haven't eaten there since I stopped being pescetarian, but they always had food options for me. 
Their corn is the best I've ever had. Everyone should eat it.When I'm in Center City, I often go to Chipotle for a burrito.  And while Chipotle is okay, and a great way to eat vegan, it's clearly missing some Mexican flavor.
Well, Taco Riendo is a Mexican place.  The founders are essentially part of the Las Cazuelas (4th & Girard) dynasty -- that's their son.
There are subtle genuine hints of authenticate Mexican spices in everything you'll eat.  That said, either due to the neighborhood or the pricing, I don't see a lot of (or any) actual Mexicans eating here, but that could be because this is a hipster neighborhood.
I like their "stew" menu items and burritos.  The corn on the cob is a decadent delight.The food is good here.  My beef is with the service.  I've been a server and many of my friends have been servers, so I know how it is.  I don't need anybody over-the-top bright and cheery, just courteous and helpful if need be.    I've been there twice and both times I've gotten totally unnecessary attitude and generally slow and bad service from two of the female servers.  Maybe it's my personality rubbing them the wrong way, but as a customer I'm generally as easy as they come.  The first time I phone ordered a veggie burrito with cheese and guac to go and they charged me 14.06.  It took me 5 minutes to sort the problem out in person because the girl behind the counter answered my questions with as little information as possible.  Totally apathetic and unhelpful and seemed put out by my perplexed questions, such as how a simple veggie burrito could cost $14.  Second time in there, I sat down with two friends.  We ordered a single veggie burrito (again).  Only 2 other couples were in the restaurant when we arrived (so the restaurant was quiet) - one was served about 5 minutes into us being there.  We waited over 20 minutes for the single burrito.  When we saw that everyone else had been served (including the several tables who arrived after we ordered and had already been served), we politely asked if our food was coming.  We were met with an icy look and were told it was on its way.  30 seconds later it was literally tossed onto our table by the server with no word of explanation, smile, "enjoy", nothing but attitude.  And we were nice to her!  I don't get it.I was not at all impressed with this restaurant. Maybe I'm spoiled from living in Texas for a few years and after visiting Mexico a few times. I thought the food was very bland. The chips were not fresh and the salsa was thin and insipid. I ordered the fish tacos which were just okay, they tasted no different or better than what I make at home.  The lady who took our order also had an attitude. I will definitely not go back.  So I'm still searching for a great casual Mexican or Texmex restaurant in Philadelphia minus the long wait and all the hype.when i move to philly i was very lucky to have taco riendo as one of the closest restaurants to my home. with that said, i ate there four days out of the first week i lived here and still make a point to eat there at least once a week. the horchata is great and the huevos rancheros is my ritual hungover meal on saturday and sunday mornings (often both days)I love Taco Riendo!
Everything I have ever tried here has been excellent and the prices are just right. I haven't been in several month and am in serious need of some good Mexican. I am looking forward to going in the spring when the outdoor patio is open.My new go to in the area! I typically drive all the way to south philly for tacos but I guess now I don't have to! 
Amazing tacos and sopes! All super fresh and made quickly. I was kinda thrown off by the 3 per taco price when I usually pay 2.50 but these are nice big portions of meat on them. 
Easy street parking, cash only, can't wait to come back!I live in Texas so I know authentic tacos. This place is the some of the best I've ever had..no doubt..The best Mexican in Philadelphia. Period. I could eat here every night. The portions are perfect, the rice and beans are amazing (none of that refried crap other places try to feed you), and I've never received a greasy entre. I must disagree with those yelpers who claimed this tacqueria is expensive. I don't know where you eat in Philly, but $8.50 for a sizable main course is rather affordable in my book. There are many other "Mexican" restaurants in the city that charge you twice as much for half the quality.
Their ingredients are always fresh and wonderful. Their cheese is to die for - my Mexican friend said it is the same cheese her dad buys. Their mole sauce is amazing. I'm pretty sure I haven't been served authentic mole in Philadelphia before eating here. The horchata is delicious, but I might skip the flan as it was just so-so.
The service is always friendly. Just order at the counter, they'll bring your food to you, and you can pay after you eat. It's great, laid-pack and fun. There is always an interesting mix of people around - from hipsters and yuppies to construction workers.
Oh and it's BYOB so don't forget to mix up your favorite pitcher of Margaritas or pick up a 6-pack before coming for dinner!Love, love, love this place...been coming here since I moved to Philly.  Cash only.  Everything is freshly made here.  Love the guacamole tostadas, chicken tacos, flan, caldo de pollo soup, cinnamon coffee, hibiscus tea, horchata, breakfast tacos w/chorizo, egg, cheese & avocado, the Verde salsa is my favorite.  No liquor license but you can BYOB.  Tess the cashier is super sweet.  I come here a lot.After biking past here for years, I finally ventured in!  This little Mexican establishment is weird, ordering is done at a counter and the whole place has a cafeteria feel.  Charlie and I were out after a long day of work on the house, and this meal certainly hit the spot.
We ordered chips and salsa to start, and the salsa was a weak, watery excuse for salsa. Although it provided some good heat, it still left something to be desired.
I ordered a spicy shredded chicken burrito.  Overall, it was filling and quite tasty; my only compliant was that it was not spicy.  Charlie ordered the special: salmon tacos and enjoyed his meal as well.  Portion sizes are decent for the prices.
It's BYOB, they sell Mexican (real cane sugar) soda, they use fresh ingredients, and it's pretty cheap.  To be honest, there are a lot of spots similar, but that doesn't mean Taco Riendo isn't enjoyable.  The service seemed a bit slow though.
Bottom Line: If you want great Mexican food in fancy taco bell atmosphere, this is the spot.  The prices and quality make this a great spot, but I'd opt forgo dine in for to-go next time.Coming from living right near the Mexico boarder, it has been really difficult finding a decent Mexican joint in philly. Although this place didn't QUITE hit the spot, it was still as close to real as I could get. However, a bit pricey for a place that's almost fast food (order and clean up yourself). 
Al Pastor burrito: decent, but if i'm paying $10, i'd expect it to be bigger. I'm a 5'3 115 lb girl and yet I finished it NO PROBLEM. Guys would probably need 2 to fill up. 
Steak and cactus burrito: cactus tastes like salt. 
Corn: cheesy and buttery. yums. 
PS. BYO. although, horchata always goes well with mexican food!Absolutely addicted to this place! Best authentic Mexican I've had in Philadelphia. I love the tinga tostadas or the veggie bomb burrito! honestly I'm kind of a creature of habit at this place so I haven't ventured into other options because I CRAVE these two dishes but I'm sure whatever you choose will be delicious! 
My husband and I eat here at least 3x a week either for lunch or a spur of the moment dinner plan, I have never had a bad experience with the food and would highly recommend this to everyone!
Tess is amazing! She's always super nice and friendly! 
Overall I love taco riendo and feel blessed to live so close!Not that great. I live next door and went in to try it out. IT's byob so thats about the only upside. I had a variety of the tacos. The sauce was very good, but my pork was dry, the beef cheek was inedible, and for any fatty/juicy piece of beef or pork to be inedible for me means that its pretty bad. The burrtios looked really good though i will try that next time.
Side note: i was locked out of my apartment once and the chick at the register DIDNT LET ME USE THE PHONE. I offered to buy something, I offered money, I even asked in spanish. Como se dice... LAMEThe only thing I hate about this place is that I live right next to it so I'm in here all the time. Food is great with good size portions.
If they took credit cards is be there every day.Came here based upon the reviews. Food was average overall, nothing special. Tried several different tacos, fish was bland, steak needed more flavor, shrimp tacos had a handful of tiny shrimp filled with rice.
Doubt I will be back but was ok for today...2.5 Stars. Friggin yelp.
I feel somewhat conflicted about this place. After reading all the positive reviews before I was inclined to really like the place. I visited on a slow Sunday night.  Latin music greeted me as I entered, as well as the aroma of something good.  A big tub with ice and various bottled drinks sat on the counter to my left. I sat down and pondered what to order. For me, usually there are two things that they have to do well in order for me to like them: salsa and chips, and a main entree; either enchiladas or a burrito. After perusing the menu I decided on enchiladas with mole sauce and cheese along with an order of chips and salsa.  I also got horchata. 
The chips and salsa came out fast right after the horchata. The salsa was a nice verdes/green salsa with some zip to it and nice flavors. The chips however were pretty bland and a little too thick. They tasted like they'd been in the frier a little too long/little too much grease.
The enchiladas with mole sauce came out next. The entree came with black beans and rice. It also came with some chunks of what I deduced by its texture was fat. Not sure why they included them, other than being completists.The beans were pretty good, albeit a tad soupy. I solved that by mixing in the rice, which was a little dry, in with the beans. Ouila, side dish problems solved.
The mole sauce was pretty flavorful for the most part.  The chicken however was a little overcooked/dry and stringy.  Oh yeah, and they succumbed to the standard Americanization practice of adding in lettuce on top which always annoys me to no end. At least they didn't put american cheese on top like Mexican Post or your pseudo mexican places.
The service was meh. They took my order fast and the horchata and chips came out fast. The main course took a while, which I really didn't understand since it was pretty much me and one other gringo getting takeout. 
Oh yeah, and this place added to my annoyance level at Philly restaurants. If I go to a sit down restaurant, I expect to get free water. You can't tell me that water is that frickin expensive that you have to charge for it. Total scam.
I'm not going to say it was a bad meal. But it wasn't really all that memorable either. It's better than the Mexican Post, but that really isn't saying all that much now is it?Great authentic Mexican food, fish tacos, nachos and elote are definitely worthy of a try! Two tacos are enough, they are huge. Don't skimp on the sides, nachos, elote, quesadillas to share etc. 
Also great family run environment, great for take out if you live nearby but also nice for an eat it experience for lunch.Since moving here from San Francisco I have been in serious withdrawl of authentic, mouth watering Mexican food that's cheap. It appears that Mexican food is somewhat of a delicacy here in Philly and I wouldn't mind paying $10 for a burrito if it gave me the same satiety as the ones in the Mission did. A veggie burrito in SF comes with avocado, most places costs about $6-$7 and half of it fills me up. Taco Riendo wants $3 to add avocado to a burrito that already costs $6 and the whole thing doesn't leave me full. 
Oh but the salsa...that salsa is something else. I even rationed it off so I could save some to put in the my eggs the next morning. Deliciouso. So, ok, it's cash only and it's not fulfilling, BUT every bite tastes good and this is not SF. This is also excellent if you don't want to pay $15 for a burrito at Las Cazuelas. My recommendation: go to Taco Riendo for free coronas on Cinco De Mayo, hence the .5.An average neighborhood Mexican place. I prefer their veggie options over the non-veg. The salsas are hot and spicy so be careful. 
The chips were ok nothing great. Its been a hit or miss for me. Disliked the chicken tacos with cactus. Real bland tasting! The veggie burrito is decent. Overall probably the best Mexican joint in the neighborhood! They do get very busy during lunch hour and take unusually long! 
Cash only!Fantastic and very authentic mexican restaurant. Octavio, the owner, is from puebla, mexico. Was a chef for many years in NYC before came here and opened his place. Delicious, very traditional food. excellent tacos. I don't love carnitas usually but his are amazing.. fantastic mole pobalno enchiladas. Love this place, certainly one of the best Mexican restaurants in philly!From now on you may call me the "TACO RIENDO HATER"!
I know... I know.. this place has such GREAT reviews from Elite's and Non-Elites but I just can't help myself! Call me a picky or b*tchy New Yorker but Taco Riendo just really didn't tickle my special spot.
I'm obsessed with Authentic Mexican Food! I've also traveled to Mexico many times to little remote villages and the best taco I've ever had by far was made out of a hut the size of a Port-O-Potty by a guy with 7 fingers.
Being that I just moved here from Brooklyn, my apartment was in a Half Mexican/Hipster neighborhood for 10 years and I had my choice of tons of amazing authentic Mexican restaurants/bars and taco trucks. "Taco Triendo" could not even COMPARE to any of these places (I hate to be the one to say it).
- Tortilla's were just not as fresh or homemade tasting..
- Cilantro was alright but still missing key flavors
- Their meat was FULL of fat.. I felt like I was eating the squishy baby got back tush of a greasy pig
- My hands were dripping with fat and grease by the end of my meal
It was missing that authentic flavor in my opinion... some of their taco's tasted way too sauced or over flavored. They are following some of the traditional rules as far as preparing taco's... but I'm not running back for more.
My hunt for TRUE authentic Mexican Taco's in Philadelphia CONTINUES!
Yea yea.. call me the "Hater Queen". I'm just being Honest Yelp :)Low key taco joint. Order and sit, get a Jarico if you like blindingly sweet beverages. Maybe mix tequila with it...
Everything is very good. You may be inclined to order more than you need. Ambitious ordering is encouraged.My local spot for great quick mexican food. The mexican corn is by far the best thing on the menu.  Great prices, quick turn around time and great outdoor seating. You like mexican, this is a must!This is some solid Mexican food for a great price. I've been eating here fairly regularly for about a year now, and have yet to leave hungry or disappointed in anyway. I suggest chorizo anything, anyday.Oh my, reading the bad reviews of this place really reminds me I'm in Philly. Waahh Waah waah. This place is way better than the coveted Plaza Girabaldi in South Philly. It's not expensive by any means. My partner and I got 2 entrees and an horchata for 15 bucks plus tip. The portions aren't huge, but completely satisfying. If you want to get stuffed to the gills for a small amount of money go to Qdoba, but if you want tasty, authentic Mexican food with really nice staff, go to Taco Riendo.Awesome Mexican food. Best in Philly so far, I tried a few other places in Philly, and they didn't really compare. Tostadas were perfect.Really not impressed, not sure what the big deal is about.  Our food was hardly authentic. My nachos were baked with cheddar cheese, which turns into one hard chunk within seconds of being removed from heat.  I know nachos are Texmex, but seriously I'd expect that kind of preparation from an Irish bar. The guacamole was runny and lacked flavor, like it was made with unripe avocados.  The salsa was slightly sweet and lacked any depth of flavor. My boyfriend got chicken tacos that were make with chunked chicken breast that he described as tough, hard, and dry.Always excellent. I have lied in the neighborhood for years. This use to be a hidden gem but no longer. My favorite is the chorizo tacos with cilantro and onion and start with the roasted corn with Mexican cheese and lime mayo and seasoningSo this place has a lot going for it and I wanted to absolutely love it. As others have said, the interior is super cute, the horchata is authentic, and the patio is huge. I stopped by here with my boyfriend on our way home from the shore a couple weeks ago and we were starving. We ordered a slew of tacos and then saw the total on the register: $35?!?! Seriously? I have never paid that much for a bunch of little tacos in my life. For an authentic taco joint, those are not authentic taco prices.
The tacos were good. They were not amazing, but they were good. They were a little dry for my liking, but we still ate every bite. If the price had been $10 less, I would give this place 4-stars, but the food isn't worth the price here. I am lucky I had that much cash on me! Maybe their rent has gone up in recent times since it seems like others have commented that the prices are very good. If it was cheaper, I would be back soon, but it might be awhile.I love this place. We've been coming here off and on for years. We are talking seriously fresh Mexican street food. I've seen some complaints about the prices in some previous reviews, well all I can say is, you get what you pay for. I've always had fresh lettuce, freshly chopped onions, cilantro and tomatoes, and homemade salsas. For me it's worth a couple bucks more than I've paid at other taquerias that use packaged ingredients. It is cash only, so be prepared. Oh yeah, the best part is, it's a BYO with a great outdoor seating area. Perfect for chilling on a nice summer night.I like a tasty tinga. They have a tasty tinga! Taco Riendo's saucy, smoky shredded chicken is my choice for when I'm hit with a burrito hankerin, which happens quite frequently. 
Let's talk about these burritos, eh? They're hefty enough, but not so much so that you'll have to cancel plans in lieu of a belly-in-the-air coma. Think: a pleasant brick, instead of an unwieldy anvil up in ya guts. You'll be all good for drinking and dancing is what I'm sayin.
Sidenote: Burritos here at the Laughing Taco come stuffed with rice and beans as part of their components, unless you're goin the tinga route. For some reason you'll get that nice fluffy rice, but no beans. This will be noted nowhere on any menu or chalk board. This message comes to you only from my own constant experience. So, if you want ya black beans, ask for em. I do. 
The, "I heart Frijoles," bumper sticker I sport ain't no lie. I also request, "no lettuce," cause hot wet lettuce is not my idea of a good time. Personal preference, friends. 
Now I really need to stop talking about burritos. Ok, I will. Hey, I like their tacos too; especially the porky varieties like al pastor, or the chorizo ones that I actually prefer to a lotta the chorizo choices around town. I usually score one of me husband's chorizo tacos in trade for one of whichever double-wrapped corn tortilla beauts topped with fresh cilantro and onion I have ordered for myself, cause, between you and me, I can kinda hit a wall with chorizo after a taco and a half where I begin to question my decisions in life. Again, personal preferences, right? And fears. Oh yeah, but you know what else I love? Salsas.
On Taco Riendo's sign it is stated, "La salsa hace la diferencia." The sauce makes the difference, is right, Taco Riendo. You said it. I'm one who always asks for lotsa salsa. Always, all the time. 
To my knowledge they have three varieties served on the side, and I'd say get em all and extree. They offer the somewhat basic red with a touch o' dried chile. Then, there's the bright, herby verde. So, you gots your good red and green, but Riendo also has a dark, sweet, smoky chipotle salsa as well, apparently, as after one of my habitual, "lotsa extra salsas," requests with my to-go order, we received a couple of lil containers of that tastiness too. Yay- three varieties are even better than two in my book. Each salsa on their own, I honestly might give em a shrug, however, magical things happen when you shake em on your burritos and tacos and whatever else. Those flavor spikes really do amplify the whole grubbin experience here muy mucho. I likes em. In short, I am a fan. 
I don't know why I just said, "in short." There's been nothing short about my Mexican food ramblings here. But I'll add just a few more smidgens of info anyway:
This cute little place is BYOB, has some outdoor seating, and a rewards card that gets punched with every purchase of burrito or torta. I'm hurtling towards that free burrito at break-neck speeds, amigos.Two words: chorizo burrito. Smoky red sauce, plenty of spicy peppers. This is another lunch list favorite. The Mexican rice is flavorful, the onions are cooked just right -- I know I should try a few other things on the menu, but I'm a fool for a good serving of hotsauce. I do get the grilled corn on the cob when I'm extra hungry, and it is well worth feeling overstuffed. 
If you're going to linger, the atmosphere's nice - clean, bright colors, nice place. Service is fast, not overly smiley but I'd rather have fast any day.I came here one day because I was extremely hungry. I was actually on my way to my usual taco place, but I passed Taco Riendo, I stopped. I placed my to go order and sat down. There were a few others waiting as well, but it did not look like more than a 15 minute wait. As I sat there some people came and went. Then after about 20 minutes, I realized that people were picking up call in orders. They looked like they worked nearby. Mind you, the people who were waiting including those at tables were still waiting. 
There was one man at the grill, one woman cooking at the stove and the young lady taking orders (who jumped in to help). I waited about 45 minutes. I didn't leave because I already paid. It was excruciating. I got in the car, opened my tacos and they were sopping wet from the gravy..OK I can deal...took my first bite...AWFUL. No flavor, no salt, no seasoning. Everything is supposed to taste good when hungry... NOT THESE TACOS. Will never eat here again. 
I don't understand all the positive reviews, I must have chosen the wrong day.
By the way , they nickel and dime you for everything...want sour cream? more $, want cheese? more $If you want no BS authentic cafe style Mexican this is your place.  Prices cheap an food good.  Love the Verdes Enchiladas.  Friendly staff.Alright so I've been hearing about Taco Riendo for about 4 and half years now and so I finally make my way over there only to be highly disappointed. 
I've been to Tijuana, Mexico, California, Phoenix, AZ and dated a Mexican so I think that qualifies me to know what good Mexican is. The meat had NO flavor whatsoever, it was tender and the salsas which are supposed to make the difference according to their slogan made NO difference.
I don't think I'll be returning at all. If you can't make a decent taco then what can you make?
On to the next one...I'll admit that although the servings are on the smaller side considering the price, I'm okay with that.  The food was good enough and they dealt with the rush of people that I was in the middle of just fine.  
What I did enjoy is that I found a place in the city that doesn't have wait staff.  You go up, order your food and sit down.  No tip is involved and you get the same amount of service that you would elsewhere.  Yes!
Really, though.  It's not that particularly great of a place and I wouldn't go out of my way to come here unless I live a block away.  But, it's good to know there is one restaurant in the city where I don't have to tip for lousy service.Definitely not a bad mexican food place in an unlikely area of the city. The Burrito al pastor (a burrito with pork and pineapple) is one of the best burritos I've had in the city. 
The taquitos are fantastic as well. 
However, there are some dishes that are a bit underwhelming. The tostadas were literally all lettuce, with just a teeny bit of cold meat and cheese underneath...not very good.Amazing Tacos from 2.50usd to 3.50usd. The Beef Cheeks and Beef Tongue are especially good.
I would say that Taco Riendo is influenced more from it's Spanish roots and not Mexican, which in my opinion is a good thing. It allows for my flavor, and a higher culinary standard.this place is around the corner from my house, and it's really hard to make myself eat anywhere else these days. yes, the guacamole is hideously overpriced, but it's usually worth it. other than that - prices are really reasonable compared to other places in the neighborhood, especially for what you get. i usually order tacos al pastor - pork and pineapple - and i'm always pleased. i've also had the chili relleno, steak + cilantro tacos, fish tacos (not as good, but i'm not a fan of fish tacos, really), and the burritos, and a couple of the stews (pork tips in tomatillo sauce is especially good), all of which have been good to excellent. 
also, this might not be the right place to ask, but it's worth a shot. to any culinarily gifted yelpers--anyone have an idea what goes into their guac? lots of cilantro, lime, and some sort of hot pepper, for sure, but it's also rather liquidy. i want to replicate it at home but can't figure out what i'm missing.Taco Riendo, my sweet taco savior. Love this place! Fish tacos are a lovely combo of simple yet out of this world. Veggie tacos are delicious too. It is most definitely my go-to for tacos outside of fancy sit down joints and it may rival some of those as well. It's cash only, but once ya give them a try, you'll stop caring. Guac and the corn on the cob are slamming as well. The girl who works the register is a doll and I love stopping in. You can def have an enjoyable byob night here too for sure. Enjoy taco lovers; rejoice!This neighborhood sure has changed since when I first started going to Taco Riendo. I used to come in here and would be the only person in the joint. Recently came in and the place was packed! Glad to see them getting the business they deserve with the increased development in the area. Everything I've had has been really delicious and the salsas all taste like they were made fresh that day. Everything I've had has been really good - Burritos, tostadas, tacos, elote asada, you name it. They always have a long list of specials for the day and multiple stews during the cold weather. They also make mexican hot chocolate by the order.  They have an outdoor patio that you can sit at during the warmer months and bring your dog. I have been meaning to swing by for breakfast one of these days as they serve daily till noon. Cash only.It seems like I'm here ordering take out at least 1-3 times a month, if not more, because my girlfriend and I are too lazy to cook. 
I will always drive to Taco Riendo from the west side of the city where I live to the east; and never to another spot south of the city or eat gringo Mexican food that's way closer to my residence. 
I do not enjoy the $3-$4 a taco that is all salty and soggy. I enjoy food that's cleanly cooked, true to the culture and true to its comfort food roots. I know their food will always be deliciously fresh and homemade. Unfortunately I took off a star in my rating simply because I love carnitas anything, and they use to make carnitas but now they don't. They still have pork anything but it's not carnitas. 
This place is worth the extra carbon foot print that I need to use to get the delicious burrito, fish tacos and roasted corn in to my belly, in one sitting.I am from Texas. I miss true, greasy, yummy, saucy Mexican food. I miss my enchiladas. I miss spicy things. 
But, yesterday, I tried Taco Riendo. I have found my official home away from home. It is not exactly like what I am used to, but it is so close I could cry. I tried the enchiladas at a place that claims to be "tex-mex", but what I got was a dry, cheesy mess with a fried egg on top. After that meal, I had given up on thinking I would find an enchilada that was similar to what I used to eat at least once a week in Austin. 
I have found it, and oh, it is a delight. The enchiladas verde are the only thing I have tried from here. I got them to go, and kind of wish I had stuck around. The place is small and really cute. Oh, back to the food. 
The chicken is juicy, the cheese is nice. But that sauce, so so good. I have always loved me some verde sauce, and theirs is tangy at first, then you get that burn after a few bites. It is fantastic. I highly reccomend Taco Riendo, and will be back very soon.Riendo is great. My friends threw a surpise birthday party for me there, and they were most accomodating. Best of all, we were able to drink beer we had brought in a cooler. Definitely one of my best birthdays ever. The food is great, and at a good price. One thing, I have had better luck with tacos than platters. Now that I think of it, it's been far too long since I have been to the laughing taco. And I AM hungry for tacos....Talk about a diamond in the rough, being next to Helm is stiff competition. But these guys kick out ridiculous Mexican food. Try the Al-Pastor Burrito!!I love the distinct taste of the fish burrito and the horchata (cinnamon milk) drink.   They keep me coming back.  Taco Riendo is a great place for a good meal at a reasonable price.Taco Riendo is one of our favorite places. We have to go at least once a month or we both start to get cranky. The restaurant is clean and the service is great. Prices are reasonable. I have tried almost everything on the menu and have found out that I don't like tongue (my only mistep here). Bring yourself a bottle of wine or a six pack of Modelo and dive right into the menu. You will not be disappointed. Can't wait till the outside seating opens up as we will probably be here at least once a week.For Philadelphia, this is about as good as it gets for authentic Mexican.  To be fair, I've had better in Spanish Harlem.  Mexican in Philadelphia is a relative thing.  Taco Riendo introduced me to Elotes, which is a spiced/seasoned corn on the cob... and it makes you never want traditional corn on the cob ever again.  I've been here 3-4 times now and hands down the most amazing item I've had were the Carne tacos.  The cheese is uniquely stringy and perfectly melted.  The beef is as tender as the tortilla.  I wasn't very impressed with the chicken burrito.  I found it to be dry.  Cash only.One word - AUTHENTIC. 
Two words - Delicious salsas. 
Expansive selection of tacos with Horchata and Jamaica beverages. Having lived in Arizona and traveled across Texas eating tacos...this is a great local spot. Eat in at this cozy spot...and remember to bring cash.My favorite Mexican in the city. Right near my work, so have spent many lunches there.Good spot.  Although they skimp on the little veggies and packaging, when compared to the South Philly taquerias, the tacos themselves seem to be better made.  Not sure if it's a north/south of Market St. thing, as Jose's @ 10th and Buttonwood also seems to make them heartier.I've been here for lunch a couple of times.    The place itself is a neat, tidy little place. 
The tacos aren't my favorite.   I think a couple other places do tacos al pastor better, and the beef lengua tacos were tough and stringy.     The enchiladas here are an improvement, though the mole is a little too sharp for my liking.   A lot of people like really strong mole though, so this may be personal preference.  
Didn't like the prices.   Tacos seemed a bit expensive (3 for around $7)    They are cheaper elsewhere.love this place, always, always, great food!
grilled corn, awesome!
spicy beef stew, awesome!
al pastor tacos, awesome!Simply put:  terrible service and hit or miss food.  The girl working the counter had to be one of the rudest and least communicative cashiers/order takers that I've had to deal with in a while.  When we had a plate of beans that were stone cold, she argued with us, telling us they were hot.  After proving to her with her own sense of touch that she was wrong, she just walked away without a word.  Was she bringing more beans?  Did she just blow us off?  My wife then took the plate up to her at the counter and reiterated that the beans were cold.  This is when she tells us that she'll be bringing more.  That seemed like something she could have communicated the first time around.
The rice, whether served on a burrito or on the side, was completely blown out and mush.  Is it really that hard to make a new batch of rice?  Should a restaurant have some level of self respect and not serve such crap?
The Al Pastor in my burrito was pretty terrible, too.  Super fatty with huge chucks of gristle and cartilage.  Nothing like having to pull huge inedible chunks of meat out of your mouth while eating your dinner.  Yay!I go to this place at least once a week. The food is reasonably priced and amazing. Fresh, authentic, and most of all delicious. 
I mix it up with the tacos all the time. The steak and cactus taco is amazing! 
Only slight downside is that service takes a little while, but call ahead and place your order. 
BYOB friendly!I was on the hunt for some good fish tacos, found this place on yelp and they had pretty decent reviews so I decided to give them a try. The food was average at best... tacos had no taste--- I had to add my own seasoning. What's even worst was the customer service; which was nonexistent! I walked up to the counter, the woman looked at me and didn't say one word. I had a few questions and she seemed super annoyed to have to answer them. They only take cash, when my food was done she passed me a bag and didn't say a word. Even though the food wasn't fantastic I would have given them another shot had the service not been so poor. I'll never go back.Taco Riendo is by far my favorite Mexican restaurant in Philly. The food is authentic and delicious. 
One of my favorite items on the menu are the chicken quesadillas. A perfect portion with delicious sauces and even better with some of their hot sauce. The burritos are super tasty, not huge, which I find to be a problem at some other mexican restaurants. It's byob and the atmosphere is extremely relaxed and comfortable. Good nachos, and the corn is delicious. When you leave Taco Riendo you feel comfortably full, and not like you're about to go into a food coma, which inevitably happens to me at some lesser mexican places. 
I highly recommend coming here on Cinco de Mayo, last year they had corona and tequila complementary with food! All in all, it's a fantastic neighborhood restaurant that I find myself returning to frequently. 
Some reviewers seem unhappy with the "lack" of service, but thats missing the point in my opinion, it's a small taqueria with crazy good food and fair prices. I can't wait to keep trying new things on the menu....I've been eyeing up their tacos for my next visit.This place is pretty good. Great authentic tacos. The flan is amazing. The chorizo tacos are amazing and make everything fresh when you order.I have to say that my latest experience here kinda of sucked. I first found this place about three years ago and have back on a few random occasions. The first time in, I was wooed like most others leaving reviews. Authentic Mexican on the outskirts of an up-and-coming area serving very good food and at a very good price. We were all charmed. After last night, I think that the luster is wearing off. Maybe because I had to wait longer than usual for my food. Maybe because the prices have been jacked up. Maybe because I didn't get a friendly vibe from the staff this time around. Maybe I just caught them on a night when they were short handed. I can't exactly put a finger on it. 
I will say that the food was still really good. But this is Philly - I can get good food almost anywhere. Next time I come here I'll cross my fingers and hope for a better all around experience.Not that great- everything is just ok... everything is really heavy on silantro and onion. No depth the menu at all. Be careful when ordering- if you order one taco and one tostada you will get 3 of each. Staff don't speak english.Taco Riendo in my opinion is the best Authentic Mexican Restaurant in Philadelphia.  I lived in Mexico and moved to Philadelphia from San Diego five years ago. I know my authentic Mexican food, and this place delivers the entire package. Staff is always friendly and even more important for me is that the food they serve is consistent. This restaurant deserves an award for its service excellence  and consistent delicious authentic Mexican food. If you haven't been to Taco Riendo, I would suggest it. You don't know what you are missing. Delicioso!Some of the best street-style tacos I have had State side in years! 
Recommendation: Chicken tacos with cactus, avocado and onion.Food is solid but they seriously need help in the kitchen. Waited 40 minutes with only a handful of other patrons in the restaurant and all I got was a burrito and a quesadilla to go. 
It's not cheap either.
For the time and cost, Que Chula es Puebla is far superior service, food is in par, and is just a couple blocks away.
Also, they only take cash but don't have an ATM (and nearest is a full block away).
I used to like this place but this insane wait has been the norm the last 3 times I've come, and it will be the last :(  I'm not paying top dollar to wait for almost an hour for food that should take 10 minutes.Wound up here after our original neighborhood destination was closed for construction.  Someone in my group had been here before and said it was great.  This time, not so much.  Maybe the cooks forgot the spice?  Everything was really bland!  The horchata was good, but not great enough to make me want to go back.  Next time I want tacos or burritos, I'm going to Veracruzana.  Beware of any place that makes it easy to order in English (with apologies to the nice white girl who took our order!)Always dependable! So I am surprised at the negative reviews. Usually a to-go lunch spot for me: Their Tacos and Sopes are honest and excellent, especially the Sopes -- three cornmeal tartlets covered in black beans, the meat of your choice, and queso fresco. Simple, elegant, and delish. On beautiful days like today, the windows are open to a lovely breeze, which can enjoy while eating at the windowside counter.Enjoy counter service dinning at this "ol kensington" eatery.  
The food is pretty good, but I wish the portions were larger.  The Verde Enchiladas seems to be the most bang for your buck.  
Over all; the staff is friendly, its BYOB, and the food is good.  I'd defiantly recommend Taco Riendo to my friends.  
and remember.. .
La Salsa Hace La Diferencia!I'm actually in line now. It's been 45 minutes for 8 tacos. Just went up and asked about my food. IT HAS BEEN SITTING ON THE COUNTER FOR WHO KNOWS HOW LONG. They never called our order. This food is disgusting and soggy. I tried to pick up one of my tacos. Everything fell right out of the middle. Don't go there.This is a tiny hole in the wall Mexican BYO, and that's typically where I find the best, most authentic food. This did not disappoint. Having read prior reviews, we went for the corn (super tasty) and opted for shrimp tacos, which was delicious. We also had the carne asada toastas, which were flavorful, cooked perfectly, and came with a great salsa verde. We'll be back!Very good Mexican food.  Nice place to sit and eat.  Burritos and tacos are all very good.  Prices are about average.  I'm a fan of the shrimp burrito, which for about $8 is a good deal, as the shrimp are good quality.  I also like the fish tacos and the truck driver tacos.  The rice and beans are great and make an excellent side.
The Mexican coffee is a nice treat when they have it, as is the Aqua de Horchata.
One time I waited a really long time for my to-go order, and I got all worked up about it.  But the other thirty times I've been here the service has been pretty quick, so that was clearly an anomaly.I can only write about their Elote asada (corn) since that is what my friend had recommended me to try. And man it was good! The corn easily came right off the cob with each bite and the seasonings that came with it complemented the corn very well. My friend said that the corn is one of the only things worth getting here since their other food items didn't quite satisfy her taste. But the place was packed when I came and people seemed to have been enjoy their food and time at the restaurant. Next time I'm in Philly, I'll have to come back and try a few other things on their menu, but I highly recommend the corn ($3)! 
Parking wasn't also too bad since we found parking right across the street. When it does get crowded, seating can be limited. My party was fortunate enough to put together tables to accommodate all 7 of us.The best breakfast burrito I've ever had was created here. The cactus breakfast burrito... My roommate and I frequent this place as often as possible (hopefully at least twice a week for breakfast) for this said breakfast burrito. The horchata is also delicious. As a pairing, it makes any morning awesome.This is another place I want to give 3.5 stars.....so I'll be nice again and give it 4 since the pros outweigh the con.
Pros:
--DELICIOUS MEXICAN CORN ON THE COB---5 stars for that.  Even if you do not like corn on the cob (as I do not most of the time), this corn is orgasmic.  The corn is grilled, topped with Mexican mayo, cheese, and spices.  While this combo may sound weird--the flavor combination is off the chain!
--Cool Outdoor Seating
--BYOB (Bring a six pack of Coronas and you're set for a relaxing day in the summer with friends)
Con
---I'm not too impressed with the burritos.  They seem to lack flavor and tend to be overstuffed with rice.  They're not bad....I've just had better, ya know?
Bottom Line:  I'd say go for some Mexican corn, appetizers, and beers on a lazy weekend day in the summerIf you suffer from stuffed up sinuses like I do in the spring, get yourself some Riendo Red salsa. It'll really clear your nose out. I had a chicken burrito which was stuffed with spanish rice to die for, sour cream, cheese, chicken, and beans. I'm looking forward to my next trip. I plan to get some rice on the side to enjoy by itself next time.Meh...not really cheap. 8 dollars for a veggie burrito? Nah. Also it's cash only-with an ATM with a two dollar fee. . 
AND it ain't really that tasty! It's OK, no more, no less.Taco Riendo makes one of the better al pastor tacos I have had in Philadelphia. Other than that I cannot comment. on anything. Vibe? Fine. Customer service? Fine.
I am an al pastor taco "tourer" and that is ALL I know about anything. Really. Now on the...
Juicy Taco Comments: Cuts of pork were a bit large to my liking, and excessive. It really did make the "fat" noticeable. Delicious. The marinade. The marinade was DELICIOUS. PINEAPPLES. Out of season. Impossible even in Philadelphia. BUT good. They fooled me at least.
Prices were above what I expected, but appropriate for the amount of food I received.
Thank You Taco Riendo. Thank You so much for being a Taco Savior.
Cheers.Love this place! Cheap, delicious, BYOB.... The trifecta. Would be nice if it was a little bigger (it definitely can get a little cramped), but it is a must-visit if you live in the nolibs/port fishington area and love some good Mexican. Try the corn-on-the-cob side, rolled in cheese and spices!I so wanted to love this place. I remember going last summer, and I remember thinking it was adorable and wishing I'd BYO'd a B. So when the hankering for a burrito struck tonight, I thought it was a good time to skip my go-tos in the neighborhood and give them another shot.
I had a shrimp burrito, billed as shrimp with "Black Beans, Sour Cream, Mexican Cheese, Pico De Gallo, Grilled Peppers And Onions." Sounded perfect!
The tortilla was tasty. The shrimps were also tasty, although the burrito only had 4 of them.
The rice was bland, and comprised 98% of the burrito, truly overkill. I was sure they had forgotten the sour cream and cheese until the last few bites, when I could detect a very little bit... but when I say very little, I mean less than a cubic inch combined. There were probably 5 little chopped squares of peppers and onions. There was no pico de gallo. There were no beans.
Know what there was, though? Frozen succotash. As in, those frozen bags of peas, lima beans, carrot cubes, and shriveled up corn that your mom made you eat against your will as a side dish during a thousand childhood suburban dinners.
WHAT is that doing in a burrito?? Who would ever put that in a burrito? It adds nothing, it detracts from everything. Why, Taco Riendo, whyyyyy?
I might go back. Might. But I'm sorry to say, it won't be for a burrito.Pros: Cheap, Cheery, Authentic food. Cold Drinks: Mexican sodas, Horchata, and a pitcher of water available w/o having to ask, BYOB. 
Cons: Neighborhood (sorry, but lets face it, its not the best area, and a bit out of the way), becomes crowded really easily (small place) and when there are families with loud and roving small kids, it can be unpleasant to say the least. 
The food is authentic but as others have noted, hit or miss. I've never been disappointed with the Carnitas or Al Pastor tacos. Can't say the same with the fish tacos. Also as others have noted, overfilling with rice seems to be standard for them. Chips and salsa disappoint, but the tacos/burritos have always been fresh IME.
I wish i could give this 3.5 stars, I will definitely be back, and will try the platters, corn, and their mexican coffee, but if that unassuming taco truck in the Italian Market area would come up north more often, I'd probably pledge my taco allegiance to her.I had takeout from this spot last night and it was authentic and delicious!
Generous portions, reasonable prices. When I stopped in to pick up, the atmosphere was clean but nothing fancy. It seems like a cozy neighborhood spot.My food was cooked to perfection just didn't like the small portions I was expecting a little more. The service wasn't too great and I didn't like the fact that I had to clean up after myself BYOB was a plus . No ATM so you better bring the cash overall this was a nice place to have 
sunday lunch. At the last minute they came through in the clutch with the Mexican corn.... DELISH!!This place is one of my favorite Mexican restaurants hands down. I started coming here when I was pregnant because I always craved tacos and once I tried them I was hooked! They are very authentic and so delicious. The reason why I'm giving them 4 stars is because it's very tight inside as far as seating goes and also because they only take cash, nowadays everyone carries their bebit/ credit card so it can be a little inconvenient. Besides that food is amazing!I wanted to like this more than I did, but honestly, it's good not great.  That said, it's absolutely worth going for the posole soup.  I'd like to try again to see if I was missing something.Taco Riendo is the perfect place for a quick and cheap Mexican meal. I've never had a meal here that's disappointed, and while the tacos are not on the level of original taquerias in Mexico, this is the best you're going to get in the city.
I almost always go with the chicken or chorizo tacos, but everything else looks great too. It is a little off the beaten path (6th& Girard) but well worth the trek out. This place is BYOB and cash only so keep that in mind.
I tend to be believer in eating where the natives eat, and this place is always packed with Hispanics. In short, one of the best taco places in the city and not very expensive.I love this place! I always order the Steak Quesadillas and Fish Tacos, best ever! Great Place to BYOB with some Tequilas and Margaritas on Friday or Saturday night. 
I don't experiment with their homemade beverages because they don't look like they've been refrigerated properly, they normally are sitting in a bucket of ice. In fact, none of their beverages are ever cold. However, I've never had a bad dish here.  
Its cash only, which sucks because I never carry cash, but worth the trip to the ATM.Very authentic and inexpensive mexican byo...and its only 2 blocks away from me...it's awesome!When I first wrote about Riendo I was wowed and uber excited about having reliably good & cheap Mexican food. 
After many, many subsequent visits, I have to take it down a notch. For what they do - cheap, consistent Mexican food- they are great. But, their ingredient quality doesn't seem the same as it used to be, or they aren't cleaning the meat as thoroughly-  I've gotten some pretty fatty cuts of beef and chicken the last few times. The guacamole is really expensive (especially when you can buy a bag of avocados for less than the cost at Trader Joes). The lettuce is iceburg, the water tap, and the tomatoes are whatever you buy at the supermarket. 
I stick with the salsa & chips (consistent, cheap & good), the chorizo tacos (same), Mexican Hot Chocolate (the best I've ever had- clear winner at the restaurant) and I've been meaning to try the grilled corn... which seems to be a favorite among other patrons. When I've deviated from the above I've regretted it. 
What Taco Riendo is: inexpensive accessible BYOB Mexican. 
I go to Riendo because it's close, fast and cheap. But I wouldn't drive across town for it.Being from Cali I have high standards with Mexican food. This place is not even close to real Mexican food. I guess this place is good if you've never had real Mexican food. And no burritos are not from Mexico there from California. Mexican food just ain't the same in the east coast.This place is the best of the tiny hole in the wall places. It's good, authentic Mexican food at a great value, and far enough away from the touristy hustle and bustle that it feels comfortable. 
It's a great place to chill out, eat and drink. They even have a new much-needed patio seating area outside. I never spend more than 10 bucks here (and even less when I opt for toting my own Corona instead of soda, cause it's BYOB!) 
2 items that rock my socks: the Veggie Burrito and the Corn on the Cob with cheese and spicy lime sauce. YUM.Ordered Al Pastor burrito, Elite Asado and the Horchata. 
Burrito was duhlicious. Pork was moist and tasty.  Burrito was filled with rice, onions, pineapple, some corn, peas, pork and cheese. For lunch is was the perfect size if not too much after eating the Elote first. A hot, crisp corn treat roasted on the grill with lime, mexi mayo cheese and chile. Really tasty. 
The Horchata to wash things down was very refreshing.I like Taco Riendo...you can get a taco for $2.50, and they're great. Good quality ingredients, fresh, and always timely. However, the one critique I would have is the level of heat (spice) almost everything has - I like spice, and I like heat...but both the salsa and any sauce you get is wicked hot - like so hot you don't always enjoy it and there isn't a more mild option. It's great for the quality of food, prices, and the taste is great.Asked if the chorizo was spicy because I needed to order something for my son. She said no. We get it. Not only is it spicy, it came with extra hot sauce on the plate. When I told them it was too spicy,  she said there's nothing I can do about that.  Add that to the fact they only take cash in 2016, I am really disappointed. Oh and the rice and beans didn't come out with our meal and the chips and pico took so long, we got it to go. A smile and hello when you enter a business would be nice.Hands down the best Mexican I've had in Philly - I just wish it was closer. I'd been searching for something approaching decent Mexican since moving here long ago, and it's a thrill to finally find it.This place came highly recommended by a good friend and my wife and I were eager to eat here. Had great curb appeal considering it's surrounding and you could smell how delicious the food was as we were walking up. The interior of this place was perfect and we could tell we were in for a great meal. OMG.... What? They don't accept credit cards? "F"this place and any other restaurant that would inconvenience a customer simply to avoid a 3% fee. Ever heard of a cost of doing business? We're almost in 2014.... An established restaurant should be able to accommodate any type of paying customer. It's not like they're a food truck or at a fair. It's cool.... I'll find somewhere else to eat. Glad they saved they're 3% and lost my business entirely.If this place had be $2-$3 cheaper per plate, I would've came here sooooo many more times due to proximity to my apartment. I couldn't justify $10-$11 for a plate. $7-$8 would've been a sweet spot that would've resulted in this place getting a whole lot more of my money. It's cute inside though, if small. BYOB is a major plus. And the food is solid, not the best Mexican food in the area, but still very good.Perfection. I love this place. I go into the middle of the day and relax and enjoy authentic amazing Mexican food. The best.we get this place sometimes - out of convenience - don't get me wrong some stuff is decent - definitely not a place you go out of your way to get though. Tonight i go and not only did they "lose my ticket" after waiting a solid twenty minutes to head over - then they also charged me for the full order (including sour cream) and then forgot the sour cream - LOL.Taco Riendo opened a few blocks from my house in the weird zone just north of the Northern Liberties gentrified valhalla and just south of the North Philly ghetto that puts the blocks on The Wire to shame. 
And what I love about this place (besides the food - crazy good Pozoles, unbelievable stews, and good standard Mexican fare tacos etc too) is that it seems to cater to North, South and everywhere in between.
I've seen cautious Puerto Ricans come in and order non-fried food, tons of Mexican workers who've started to move into the neighborhood, bohemian-swank Northern Libbers bringing their chilled wines, hipsters on bikes, and little black kids ordering Jarritos. 
Their mole is delicious, and this place has introduced me to new Mexican dishes (and meat parts, ahem) that I have never tried before. Great neighborhood joint if you're in the neighborhood, and worth the food-adventure if you're not.Oh man, I'm not usually a huge burrito fan but Taco Riendo serves up a pretty damn good one.
I've had both the breakfast burritos and the lunch/dinner burritos and it's seriously had for me to choose a favorite! For lunch I've had the beef, pork, and beef tongue and they're all so yummy. The breakfast burritos have eggs, veggies and beans... SO GOOD. Not to mention the hot sauce they give you really adds an extra kick of spice and flavor.
If you're thristy (which I'm sure you will be after eating one of those huge burritos), try the hibiscus iced tea, or if it's breakfast time the Mexican coffee. Both are unlike any other drinks I've tried and both are delicious.
From what I've heard this place is BYOB - I will definitely take advantage of this next time I'm here!I am in love with this place.  It is so good.  Authentic Fresh & very yummy.  Very reasonable.  Wonderful staff.  I cannot go back enough!  BYOB if you want to hang out.This is my first Yelp review; Taco Riendo is my favorite cheap, good food find in Philadelphia so far. 
The food is fresh, handmade, and plentiful. I watched as the chef took a large slab of beef and quickly, effortlessly carved it into small bites for a waiting taco plate. Each ear of corn is shucked just before fired on the grill and every plate is adorned with condiments that accompany your selected meat, specifically. 
The salsa (with the salsa-and-chips side) is red and saucy, not chunky, and very hot. If your palate can't handle spicy food, go ahead and ask for a cup of ice for your drink before you eat. 
The Chorizo in the chorizo tacos was cooked till it had a thin char on the outside. The very slight crunch of the chorizo was a wonderful contrast to the smooth, smoky mole sauce that comes de rigeur with the sausage dishes. 
What you can expect: 
-Fresh Authentic Mexican food, made in front of you, when you order. (Nuff said).
-Very inexpensive for great food. (Tacos are $2.50 each, Salsa and Chips were $3.50, Coca Cola- the sugar-based non-high-fructose-corn-syrup in a glass bottle variety was $2.00). 
-Ample seating. (I was there for a little over an hour, it seemed like the crowd ebbed and flowed by there was ample seating to be had.)
-Accommodating hours. (There aren't a lot of places outside the touristy areas that are open on Sundays till 9 p.m.)
If I was forced to say something negative- I think they are understaffed or overwhelmed. The cashier was simultaneously taking orders, bussing tables, cleaning tables and drying off dishes while I was there. (It is a holiday weekend though, so I don't know if this is normal.)The folks at Taco Riendo know their authentic Mexican Food (like; the cactus and beef tongue type of authentic.)
I really like this place, it's far enough off of Girard that no self-respecting tourist would ever find it on their own and there is plenty of parking. The food is always good and prepared really fast. My friends and I have found ourselves in burrito al pastor withdraw on more than one occasion.This place is awesome!  Be sure to visit!  You won't regret it.  It's a small eatery type place but it's clean and kind of cute.  The food is superb!  Me and my handful of Mexican girlfriends plus my (white) boyfriend love this place!  We order lots of tacos, the corn, the flan, and everything else in between in the same sitting.  Oh it's all so good.  This is real deal good Authentic Mexican.  The area isn't the best so be sure to visit when the sun is out.  Plenty of free parking nearby.  Don't try the local competitor Las Cazuelas.I was seriously craving a burrito at the worst possible time this Sunday night since most of my go to burrito shops are usually closed. My stomach usually wins out in this fight so I decided to find a burrito joint that's close, open, and highly rated. 
Enter Taco Riendo. 
I was pleasantly surprised to find that this area isn't as ghetto as it used to be. Upon pulling up the address on Google Maps I was picturing a mixture of Boyz N The Hood and a western. I parked in the front of the shop and entered a quaint place that looked rather presentable with Spanish mood music playing in the background that adds to the atmosphere. 
I ordered the al pastor burrito because any Mexican place worth it's salt should bring its A-game with the pastor. The burrito I had was very juicy and flavorful, the ingredients tasted fresh and the added pineapples in the burrto gave it a different but welcomed taste that I also enjoyed. The only downside of the burrito I could say was that the tortilla didn't taste all that fresh and was actually kinda stale. Maybe this was a product of going in late im not sure but it made a difference since it's the first thing I sunk my teeth into. 
I also had the roasted corn on the cob. The only other place I had roasted corn like this was Cafe Habana in NYC and i will make my comparison. While corn from each place both taste good. Taco Riendo's version tasted creamier while Habana's tasted zestier, maybe Habana sprinkled more lime juice or something but you can't go wrong with either. 
Will chomp againI ordered two things: Enchiladas Verdes (Green Sauce) and a Chicken Taco with cheese and peppers (I forgot the name).  I give Taco Riendo a 3 rating because the chicken taco really lacked flavor, but the Enchiladas were really good.  What made it good was the Green Sauce.  It definitely had a kick to it, so beware, but it was just my type.  I would definitely go back, get this dish again and maybe try a different taco.Cheap, tasty tacos. May be cramped in there, but it's not really a hangout so much as a quick grab, eat, and then go kind of place. Two people can easily eat for under $10 total. I usually get 3 orders of chicken tacos, and chips and salsa, split between us.
Has outdoor seating, but it's kind of scary sometimes being in that part of the seating. (The outdoor area is on the side/back of the restaurant)I love that there is an authentic Mexican place i can rely on so close to home. They have a great taco selection and their burritos are delicious (especially with added Pineapple!) 
Just to give a heads up- they're CASH ONLYThe food is really good but definetly expensive for a "Mexican" restaurant. They had a special- one taco for $4 ... what kind of special is that?? The cashier is really rude as well. But other than that the food is great!Taco Riendo is the only authentic Mexican food I ate while living in Philadelphia. El Vez is mexican fusion. El Azteca is your typical hometown tex-mex microwave slop....which sometimes I crave, and tastes the same everywhere you go. Taco Riendo is fresh, authentic, and awesome. Its really in a league of its own. The tacos, enchiladas, soups, are all very good. If you don't know what a "sope" is, order the Sopes!!! These are fried crispy little cornmeal patties, topped with your choice of meat, beans, lettuce, cheese, and salsa. So good. You get what you pay for....plan to spend about 10 bucks for lunch, and bring cash, as they do not accept credit cards. The flan and horchata here are pretty good as well.The shrimp burrito was good, not as flavorful as I expected it to be from an authentic Mexican restuarant. My friends ordered the quesadillas, they said it lacked flavor and was not a fan of the guacamole, however. The horchata was very delicious!!!In a city of so many fantastic restaurants and food choices I never take the time to make these recommendations. In addition, I'm pretty critical about restaurants and it has to be great in food taste, cleanliness, value, friendly (customer service), experience. I can say this place is one of the best finds in the six years of being here. If you like and appreciate authentic Mexican food, this is it. I'm from California and spent great deal of time in Mexico and this place is fantastic!Great all the way around.  
Totally love the tamales and their green sauce, the peppers stuffed with cheese is especially awesome.  Overall, really good, nice and fresh, pretty cheap and all around nice family run joint.  
Finding good Mexican food was hard when we first got here and this place was an excellent recommendation.Taco Riendo is probably the best Mexican place close to Fishtown. All of their ingredients are very fresh and food is prepared quickly. They have really good tacos but if I had to choose one it would be the chorizo. The rice and beans are also on point. Plus they have the mark of a true authentic Mexican restaurant, Jarritos soda. I only give it 4 stars because there is one Mexican place I like better.This place has the authentic tacos you're looking for at a reasonable price.  Each comes with two soft corn tortillas with plenty of meat, cilantro, onion and lime to squeeze.  I got a steak and chorizo taco.  My partner got a steak burrito which was too much for her to eat so I got to try some of it.  It was really good, especially the roasted green pepper, which added a nice mix to the flavors.  I don't usually like raw green peppers, but these were cooked very well.  We got 2 bottles of lime Mexican sodas which were just OK, I wished they were stronger lime flavor.  The place is very small, but I was there at an off hour, 3PM on a weekday, so it was easier to get a seat, although there was a big party of people sitting at one big table.  The food was served fairly quickly.  I'm pretty sure each item was cooked to order, rather than just scooping up some steak cubes and throwing them into a tortilla.When you dream of food you had months ago, it is a sign your taste buds never forget a blissful and authentic experience. My experience with mexican food has been "bittersweet", many cookie cutter mexican restaurants serve liquid re-fried beans, bland meats, and an excruciating excess of cheese, and make it pass as authentic. Then the authentic ones have excellent flavor that simply can't hit the high notes it deserves because of the abusive use of hot peppers and similar sauces. Taco Riendo is just right, fresh ingredients, an well orchestrated parade of flavors and the street corn is just one of those things that will keep making you take an hour drive to get more. From the outside the place is very humble looking but trust me what happens inside that place is simply magic!Solid BYOB mexican spot in Northern Liberties. Plenty of Agua Frescas and bottled juices. Outdoor patio is great for the summer. Tacos and Sopes are great  here.
Service can be a bit spotty, just go up to the counter and ask for things if needed.Te quiero Taco Riendo! Tu pozole me encanta! Once lived in Mexico, now live in Philly. Was a hater. Then my sweetheart took me here. This is some fine Mexican food. Distrito is good, though a little precious. Xochitl has some supernice and complex dishes. And taco riendo has great tacos and pozole. I'd skip the fish tacos but the meat tacos, particularly the suadero, are muy autenticos - just like the real thing. The sopes and quesadillas are quite nice too. The pozole is great - though sometimes the flavors are overwhelmed by the heavy use of chile. I'd love it if they served the pozole with tostadas, crema, radish, and a few more of the little garnishes that they serve it up with in Mexico. Wash it all down with a horchata or agua de jamaica (so clean and sweet) and you're good to go!The place is a solid 4 stars. My advice though...skip the burritos and go with tacos. If the place is cheaper, I could even consider 5 stars.
double wrapped corn tortilla  - check
chopped fresh onions - check
cilantro - check
jarritos sodas in various flavors - check
You might find that meat has a lot of fat (might be cheap meat?) but it doesn't bother me. Fat is delicious. Their chorizo tacos are really good, much better than a lot of dried out chorizo tacos you see around. The pork tacos (all kinds) are very good as well. Their carne asada tacos came out a bit dry.
Also their shrimp tacos and fish tacos aren't as good as their meat tacos.My first time visiting Taco Riendo was yesterday and it was a delightful experience. The service was quick and the prices were right on the mark. I highly recommend the shrimp and fish burritos. Another plus is that the restaurant is BYOB. I will eat at this place again and bring friends.This is an outrage! We have been neighborhood clients of Taco Riendo for years. Tonight, we picked up what we thought were 3 tacos, suppose to be 5. They had wrapped together two and two. Pathetic filling amounts. I called to say I believe they made a mistake with our order. The woman was very rude straight from the beginning. She ordered me to check the foil wrappers and we discovered yes, they were wrapped together. The meager portions made it appear they had shirked on our order. I thought it would be good business if they offered at least a free taco on our next visit. The person on the phone accused me of just calling to complain. Why is it that people cannot show courtesy to loyal customers any longer. The lovely family that owns this establishment and Las Cazuelas should be very ashamed of this employee.Amazing cash only BYOB with some incredibly delicious and authentic food. The only reason I didn't give them the 5th star is because I wish they delivered and accepted credit cards. But aside from that, hands down my favorite taco spot in all of Philly! Did I mention their food was delicious? :)Salad with grilled chicken is $13.50 ??? Also they only have ranch or Italian dressing? For a Mexican- style salad ??!