Ever since I heard Tai Lake took fish from the front of the store and turned it into dinner, I was excited to go.  Fresh fish in Philly is a rarity and this is about as fresh as it comes.
The interior is tacky and confused: plastic chandeliers and neon blue club lighting.  Do you want to be trendy or faux-classy?  Pick one and run with it.
We were seated promptly and had to wait a few minutes to see our waiter.  When this happens to me, I generally believe we won't see the waiter much during the night and I try and put my whole order in at once.  
The first thing that popped out to me were the alcohol prices.  Maybe I am just so used to be gouged in Old City, but paying $2 for a Coors Light and $4.50 for mixed drinks was so crazy to me!  I felt like I was at a dive bar happy hour.  So, we ordered some drinks.  The melon ball was terrible.  Garbage vodka, the Midori tasted funny, and there was no pineapple juice!  The strawberry daquiri literally tasted like it had zero alcohol.
The appetizers were fairly priced but not excellent.  The steamed dumplings were soggy and the spring rolls were too greasy.
The peking duck entree was good but my cod in spicy sauce was smothered in sugary, not spicy, sauce and it was battered and deep fried.  Now, I know that this may be "traditional" Chinese preparation, but I had hoped for somthing a bit nicer.  The entrees were brought out about 15 minutes apart.  Not good.
Overall, I won't go back.We come here a couple times a year.  It's strange I do not live far from Chinatown, but I'm not always in the mood for Asian foods.  I'm Khmer so my mom cooks enough Asian food during the week.
I always enjoy Tai Lake every time I have eaten there.  My friends out of town visited a couple weeks ago and we ate here.  They enjoyed everything except the taro nest was kinda stale but the filling was good.  I love the baked salted squid and pork peking style.Just the best Cantonese food in Chinatown. The quality of their food is always guaranteed. 
My personal favorite is the stir fried eel with X.O. sauce. The eel meat is tender and little bit crispy on the outside. The natural sweet taste of fresh eel meat just melts in your mouth. This dish is more pricey than other dishes. But it's just worth it. 
They don't have too many drink options. But the price is pretty good.How the mighty has fallen!  This used to be one of my standbys for Cantonese food.  Not anymore, unfortunately.  We came here for Chinese New Year, and were made to wait an hour for our reservations.  And they were for a prix-fixe too!  That's appalling on its own but it just got worse.  The jellyfish app was bland, the spicy shredded beef and fried chicken were both tough, the dungeness crab lacked meat, the lobster was tiny, the pea shoots were barely seasoned (the version that I make at home tastes better!), and the fried rice extra greasy and bland.  The only good dishes were the steamed live shrimp and steamed sea bass.  Notice that neither required any real cooking skills.  Service was good...after we finally got our RESERVED table an hour later.  Never again.  I'm heading to Rising Tide where I can get custom-ordered seafood dishes for a fraction of the price and get seated in a timely fashion.Pretty good for a Philly establishment!
----
I must admit, I've been harsh on Philly's Chinatown for quite a long time. I know it's not their fault that years ago, the convention center bisected the small neighborhood; now what's left is more of a Chinastreet. 
But as a result, there has been little to no competition in the Chinese restaurant arena. The idea is, they're the only game in town, so why try so hard? (for example, See my prior review on Ocean Harbor, which is simply just a dump). 
I'm pleased to say, Tai Lake exceeded my expectations. 
Here is a sampling of the dishes we ordered:
- salt and pepper soft-shell crab (GET THIS!)
- marbled beef slices in Satay sauce, shabu-shabu (not recommended for those on a diet, but this was amazingly tender and delicious!)
- Thai curry with lamb (not too spicy; the potato wedges were fried first before being cooked in the curry. The lamb could have used a longer simmer time, though)
- free range chicken with soy sauce (very succulent and tender, even the chicken breast meat - this us not your average feedlot chicken, which is flavorless and tough)
Only problem is the small dining hall size, so be prepared to wait (but it is open till 3am).
Will be back!Excellent seafood and food.   
This place is in Chinatown - expect efficient service. This isn't Le-fin.Food's great, especially the frog, but I'm only writing this review as a service to others: if you're told there are no tables because they're full up, tell them you'll wait anyway.  You'll get a table eventually.The food here can be described as... mainstream.  Tai Lake has all the usuals that you would find at every Chinese restaurant.  In fact, Tai Lake does a fairly good job, even though it tastes exactly like every other Chinese restaurant out there.
One of the person in the group was from Tennessee so we decided to order hot & sour soup since he's never had it.  It was surprisingly good with a strong kick.  Enough vinegar as well to make you pucker a bit.  In fact, every single person in the group loved it.
We didn't go the adventurous route since the folks didn't really want to try the frogs at the front or any sort of weird dishes.  We got broccoli beef, black pepper filet mignon, vegetable medley in pot, seafood tofu stew, house special fried noodle, beef hofun, and sweet & sour fried cod.  Favorite out of all of them was probably the fried noodle since I love egg noodles fried.  Most of them items I had to add a little chili oil or the hot sauce they provided.
The service though, can use a little improving.  The waitstaff was fine and was quite attentive the whole night but the kitchen royally messed up.  They somehow switched our order ticket with another table, which resulted in later tables getting food before us.  I think at one point there was a 15 minute gap between dishes.  Not fun sitting in a round table expecting for food to arrive, but instead, just staring at each other.  You can't even look anywhere else :P
The restaurant itself is quite small so can fill up rather quickly.Every time we visit my sister in Philly, we have to have Tai Lake. It's our favorite Chinese restaurant. The place is really small, but they have a few big tables that holds groups. We haven't had to wait yet. The dishes are meant to be shared, and we always order a bunch of dishes to eat family style. Our favorite dishes are the Dungeness crab with stir-fry pork, ginger and scallion lobster, beef chow fun, snow pea leaves, and peking duck. Everything is always cooked perfectly with just the right amount of seasoning, and the food comes our fast. You know the seafood is fresh when they are plucking the lobster and crab from the tank in the lobby of the restaurant. The peking duck has a crispy skin with tender meat and is served with scallions, sauce, and moist steamed buns. Service can be so-so, but this last time, they were great - refills, clean plates for shells, etc. We can't wait to visit again!The best place to eat Seafood in Chinatown.
My hubby loves their panfried noodle!
We order it almost every week, the food is always good and fresh. Even when they are busy!
I saw some negative comment about the service, they are the nicest people. 
The language problem not a big deal! They are willing to customize the order, even they don't have it!
We love to bring our friends from out of state to eat here, and they are very happy because the seafood is fresh and good!
For me price isn't a problem, people have different preference about whether is expensive or not. For a God sake, its a seafood restaurant!I had their lobster with ginger and scallions and clams with minced pork. Lobster was surprisingly a great price (market price of $21.99 - it can vary) but unfortunately would not recommend the clams with minced pork. Although the minced pork was amazing, especially to mix with rice, the clams did not taste how cooked clams should - the taste was strong and foul.  I'll give this place another shot since everything else was great and their customer service was good (friendly staff with a sense of humor) but the clams were a huge disappointment.This was my first time to Tai Lake, but my friend who grew up in Philly has been coming here with his family since he was a kid. It's one of the original Chinatown restaurants, and a big part of the neighborhood, you can feel and see that looking around. 
Like many restaurants in Chinatown the menu is huge and you can get everything from pork and chicken to fresh out of the tank king crab. Everything is reasonably priced and the portions are very large, so sharing is ideal. My friend and I got the sweet and sour pork and a tofu/mushroom dish (I'm not sure the name). The pork was great: really juicy and the perfect mix of sweet and tangy. The tofu dish I didn't like as much; I thought that it could have been a bit better seasoned. The veggies in it were really fresh though.
At the end of our meal we got complimentary dessert: a tapioca drink that was warm and really yummy. 
I'll definitely be back to try more!So, Chinese food is good but not fantastic in Philly. So with that in mind, this place is quite good. It's always filled so that's a good sign. Go for the seafood dishes. We had whole fish with ginger and scallions, long life noodles, greens with garlic, broccoli with a spicy garlic sauce. All good. Service cheerful and decent except they brought our shrimp dumplings after the other dishes.i love that tai lake is open late.  i can't tell you how many times i've stumbled into tai lake after a night of debauchery.  there's rarely a wait during their late hours and i like that it's not packed to the gills with other drunken people.  everything i've ordered from their humongous menu was really good and affordable.When I am craving for some chinese food, I often go to Tai Lake Restaurant. The service is great. The food is always tasty and hot. They also have a room upstairs with a karaoke machine so that you can have dinner and entertainment. Great for those who like to eat late night because they stay open until 3 am.My family loves this place. The service is typically quick, although they do get crowded sometimes. We love picking out what kind of seafood we are going to eat in the fishtanks in the entrance. Their steamed fish is excellent, and we love their dumplings and fried tofu. I would recommend that anyone who wants authentic Chinese food should go here!I've been going here for 16 years and this place is just as amazing now as it was when I first tried it.  This is not your Americanized Chinese restaurant but instead is a nice modern Chinese restaurant that has a lot of great options for non-chinese people like myself. Definitely try the pepper steak and the seafood basket!!This Is probably one of the best places to get seafood in the Chinatown.  My sister had her wedding upstairs, so we like this place!
Can't go wrong with any of the dishes here; it's pretty good compared to other Chinese restaurants in Philly.Tai Lake isn't your typical Chinese establishment. The Cantonese dishes they serve here are just so different. So comforting and gives all the warmth-of-a-home like feeling. Ingredients are always fresh and dishes always come to your table sizzling hot. It's really great for group dining.
P.S: The mung bean dessert = win!Wonderful giant sweet oysters in black bean sauce. $4.00 each but well worth it. Meaty and flavorful. We ordered 2 each and then had other dishes..shrimp  and scallops hot sauce, steamed snow peas and house special lomein (with shrimp, pork, chicken). Only suggestion: would order steamed pork dumplings instead of pan fried.Had eel and pork dumplings with a big party of friends who ordered many other dishes too. If you're a fan of seafood and trying new things to eat, you will love this place to death. Otherwise, if you're not much of a seafood fan, try another restaurant.
Also... this place is pretty expensive. Prepare to empty your wallet.
Service is all right; could be friendlier.I've eaten here twice in my entire life. 
The first time was when my boyfriend tricked me into meeting his parents. Needless to say that night ruined my appetite. 
The second time was for my after-prom dinner. It was 2 AM in the morning, we were hype and running around in formal wear, and we were on the second floor. I was surprised that they didn't kicked us out for constantly changing our mind on our orders and sending them up and down for one pina colada at a time. 
My friends being the difficult slackers that they are, forced me to order for the table, we had:
Wonton Soup (cut down from 9 person to 3)
BBQ Ribs (for the only white guy in the group who devoured it in 2 mins)
Jumbo Shrimp with Walnut in Cream Sauce (yumm)
Chicken Fried Rice
Beef Lo Mein
Seafood Basket
[ I attempted to kill one of every animal to ensure everyone's happiness]
We ate a tad more than half before declaring stuffed. 
The bill came to $19 bucks per person including tips. 
Which was pretty awesome. Even more awesome when my friends declined their share of the food so I end up with enough leftovers for lunch and dinner the next day.Worst experience ever! Never felt so embarrassed. I took my family members that came from another state to Chinatown to have a memorable time. We decided for this restaurant to have an enjoyable dinner and spend time together and it was the worst choice i have ever made! all the waitress were rushing for no reason! The restaurant wasn't even full. Other tables were available and no one was waiting to be seated and right after we finish eating the manager or owner of the restaurant came and asked how was everything and we responded "good, thank you" and his response was "ok, good! If you guys can please leave the table because they needed it." That is so unprofessional! I spent over $100 and that is not the way you treat customers! Very disappointed! I don't recommend this restaurant at all! Will never come back!!Tai Lake is one of the best restaurants in Philadelphia's Chinatown.
FOOD -
I always order the Seafood Birds Nest and Dried Scallop and Scallion soup. SO GOOD! Very consistent.
Wonton Soup is the only thing I really don't like at all.
SERVICE - 
Me and my boyfriend are regulars there so we always get good service!Fantastic seafood.  The front of the place might be a bit disturbing when you walk in and see all the tanks of your dinner while it's living.   I think it's awesome but it bothers some.
They've got a really huge menu full of all kinds of weird seafood combination.  I got salted squid last time I went and it was delicious.  I wish I was more adventurous, but I live so close that I will be back and get some crazzzzy seafood.One of my top 3 favorite dinner sit down Chinese restaurants in Chinatown. Mainly for family dinners and new year celebrations. They have the best lobster scallion in town :)
The second floor is available which is slightly bigger than first floor. Lots of fresh seafood to try, bring a Chinese friend with knowledge of authentic dishes because they will give you the American menu.Kind of need to know how to communicate there bc my order got messed up. Some of the food is bland but the ribs are great! Really bad ManhattansHad multi-course dinners here twice in the last two weeks. Good stuff and they seem to stay open late. Comfort food, right?Excellent Chinese food.  The eggplant was great, my friends said the wonton soup, fried rice and chow fun were all outstanding.  Very very good prices, but the staff were sort of on the not so friendly side.Food was okay. Service was terrible though. My fiance and I was having a huge family gathering at this restaurant and you would think that spending more than 400 hundred dollars at this restaurant service would be better.My favorite late night restaurant and family dinner spot.  The place could use some updating, particularly the entrance with the dirty and old tanks.  Putting the decor aside, the food is consistently well prepared.  I like the fresh steamed shrimp for appetizer, honey walnut shrimp, snow pea leaves, salt and pepper squid shrimp and scallop, clams with chunks of meat, tofu and eggplant with black bean sauce, and sizzling spare ribs.  Whenever I want a reasonably priced good meal, I go to Tai Lake.Fresh seafood ever. I always get steam little fresh shrimp for appetizer. Oysters are good and worthy. Service is fast and servers can speak many languages.I come here often. The food is very good and they are open late, which is great when you're partying. Try the salt fish fried rice, sizzling steak and sautéed greens.This was a very pleasant surprise in Chinatown for me. My girlfriend, a couple of her friends from college, and I met for dinner on a Friday night. There was a 10 minute wait for seating for a party of four. From the looks of it, the place was pretty much packed from the door. 
Speaking of that, when you walk in you're greeted by a chorus of frogs, fish, eel and shrimp. It's a little strange for the typical diner--realizing this is the food you're about to eat, still alive and looking you in the eye. Once you're past that, it's your regular Chinatown restaurant.
The food was good and well prepared. We had four dishes- an egg and beef soup, clams with crispy pork bits, tofu & seafood (similar to chop suey), and a frog dish with chestnut and mushroom. To my surprise, the frog dish was the most flavorful. All of the dishes were well executed and pleasing, though they lacked finesse at times.
I think a place like this one deserves three stars because the food was good- different than a typical menu and it was tasty. The layout and decor would need to be improved for an additional star, and the execution needs to improve for the fifth start. To compare, I would give Han Dynasty five stars and Ocean Harbor's dim sum four stars. Bottom line: Tai Lake is different than your average Chinese restaurant and that gets it three stars. Update the layout and style, execute all dishes excellently and it will be at five stars in no time. I'd go back if invited.By far my favorite place to go on Chinatown. I got here to celebrate all occasions with family and friends. The food here is just excellent. Let's start with the Peking duck. The meat is very tender and the skin has the perfect amount of fatty taste and a crunch to it. The salt baked squid is so good. It's got a lot of meat to it and the breading is not too much unlike other places I've been to... 
Other classic dishes such as the house fried rice, mapo tofu, beef chow fun, and garlic sizzled bak choy; so very very good. I love the food here. 
The staff on good days, they are very interactive and friendly with you. If they are busy, by nature of the work, they are still good but not as attentive but again, I think that's a given with that many people in the restaurant. 
Must go if you're trying to look for a good Chinatown placeWorst customer service ever. We walked in on a Saturday night and the first thing we hear is "make it quick we have people coming in" how can this possibly be customer service? If you want to really try to enjoy good food and service, try red king.....this has been our fav spot in Chinatown.Tai lake is always so busy!! I love their lobsters, it's fresh and yummy!  and I also love their walnut shrimp!!Good Cantonese food. fresh lobster at a great price. They have live seafood in the aquarium and cook it on the spot. I ordered one lobster for 20$ and was satisfied. They are clean and meticulous of their restaurant. I would definitely return for more lobster!Thai lake what can I say your food is good and always satisfies. Wish u guys stayed opened later. Some times the wait staff can be rude but doesn't have too often.  Call ahead cause this place gets packed very quickly.*Hands Down* for great food + generous portion and GREAT price!
Either I was starving from our walking tour or this place really has amazing food. I enjoyed all the dishes we ordered (a total of 9 dishes I believe) Thus, whatever that is on the menu, it should be save to order. Their seafood and vegetable dishes were fresh. Ahhh.. talking about it makes my mouth water. If I have a chance to visit Philly again, I'd love to revisit this place.I stopped here for a quick dinner the other night for the first time, it was in full swing and there were tables with as many as 10 people sitting together. The waiters have amazing agility and are all extremely skinny, as they had no problems balancing huge platters of food and squeezing between all the squished tables. If you have a phobia of overcrowded rooms, messy eaters, and people chatting and speaking loud abrasive chinese, this is not the place for you. The food was standard, true chinese fare-tasty oily salty and for me, homey. Out front they have tanks of frogs, lobster, fish, and prawns/shrimps- which prompted us to order multiple rounds of fried frog legs. It was my first time having that in a long time, and the old me still rings true; I'm not a fan. My friends however, devoured 3 orders of it and left mighty satisfied. Everything we ordered came out hot and fast, and sat well in our bellies. 
I would love to return to try a few other of my favorite dishes! I'll be back soon.I come here at random times with different people, and every time I step foot into this little restaurant that appalls you with jumping frogs,  I am never disappointed. The frogs are delicious by the way. Those little slimey sons of guns. The owner of the place is very attentive and nice. All of the waiters/waitresses are fast and listen to what you want. Their pina coladas are to DIE for and everything else they offer is good. Fresh food all the time. This Is A must  when you are in Chinatown. DON'T MISS IT!! GO GO GOThe food was good but felt rush with all the entrees coming out at the same time. The waiter are rude and is not helpful when ordering entrees.This is the place to go in Philadelphia for fresh seafood authentic Asian food. Open until 3am on the weekendsFrequently dining here makes me miss chinatown food back at home so much. Food here is decent but not as good . Everytime I dined here it brings me down memory lane. Whether I'm dining with my family or a group of good companies I always enjoyed it back home. We always ordered the same exact things because that's what we all enjoyed eating most. 
Service here is always great. There could be a bit of a wait sometimes on late nights weekends .9/1/2010 
I'm basing this on the smallest of small sample sizes--in town travelling by myself, and I only ordered one dish.  But the clams with Chinese okra and clear vermicelli were done so nicely, I'm giving a review anyway.  Very mild and very much in the Cantonese tradition, everything was quite fresh and I gorged myself sufficiently without hesitation.  I'll try this place again with the SO so we can sample some of those live frogs they have in the front, but so far I'm liking this place.Mmmm fresh shrimp!  I love the fresh-boiled shrimp and the pepper sauce that comes with them.  They take them from the tank up front and bring them out piping hot and pink from the back.  Can't get much fresher than that!  Also not to
Be missed - Tai Lake beef soup!I love this place the food has always been great. I have been going to this place every time i visited when i lived in NY. since i live in Philly now i visit at least once a week. staff is nice very accommodating.
DanWow, extremely good. Best general tsao's I've ever had. Service is great, and for what I had, delicious. If it means anything, most patrons are of Asian descent. That's usually a good sign. Happy eating!
After enjoying the entire meal, I can't recommend this place enough. Very good food, service is over the top for American standards, and worth every penny, which is cheap in regards to what you get. Must try, in my opinion.I am not sure if I wasn't impressed b/c I wasn't too hungry when arrived, but this was just OK.  I have heard a lot of good things about Thai Lake and wanted to give it a try.  We ordered the live shrimp to be made into sweet shrimp.  These little guys were tasty.  My husband ordered the pan fried dumplings which were meh.  We then split the steamed chicken with vegetables. This dish was lite but still tasty.  The orange slices at the end were refreshing!  thats about all i can say...I go to China several times a year. While no restaurant is exactly like what I visit in Southern China, Tai Lake is a lot closer than most.
This is a place for real seafood lovers. A little crowded, and not huge, you may. Wait a few minutes. But if you love fish, crab, and various shellfish, this is what you are looking for.
Good seafood is both tasty and has a lightness and freshness that is impossible to fake. They send out to the fresh seafood shop two doors up when they need something not on their tanks.
I especially recommend the scallops in black pepper sauce - and no, it is not very spicy, but you will be smiling.3.5 stars. 
Came here last night after a win in AC (it wasn't big, but it did pay for this dinner!) We ordered take out since it was getting a little late and we wanted to get the kids in bed. Oh man, I didn't realize this place gets beyond crowded, but it didn't effect my food being made in a timely manner. 
Scallion ginger lobster - Amazing. Lobster is my staple food choice. I can eat it everyday for the rest of my life. This place makes it so good! The lobster is covered in the perfect amount of flour and seasoned just right. My wife ate probably 3 pieces and I ate the remaining order. No leftovers for today :-(
Peking duck - I recommend skipping this. One, I thought peking duck shouldn't have bones... what happened here? I got a dish filled with it. And 2, I thought it also isn't supposed to be as fatty? I felt they gave me roast duck and threw in some Bao's and called it a day.
Salted fish fried rice - so good! This is the first place that I've tried it years and years ago, and it's still as good as I remember. Only place that you can actually taste the salted fish. Delicious
Snails in black bean sauce - The snails were of nice size and so tasty. For those who don't know how to eat snails - try and suck it out and if you get it out, make sure you spit out the black scale looking thing. If that doesn't work, dig it out with a toothpick. Swirl swirl swirl, and wala!
Beef chow fun with gravy - Ehhhh, i felt it too bland. the sauce wasn't flavored enough. I felt like I was eating noodles in water. 
Fish Maw soup - love that they make it thick, however, I felt it could have used a tad bit more seasoning. They did give me spicy soy sauce, so I used it to give it more flavor.
Overall - When I go back, it'll mainly be for just the seafood. Fresh and cooked just right.This place was excellent for a Chinese place. The picking duck was incredible! The lobster Yi Mein was delicious! Can say enough good things about this place. We didn't have one bad dish. Service was excellent - not typical of a Chinese restaurant. Bathroom was clean.Well, well, well...We seem to have gotten ourselves into a little goin-to -Chinatown- late-Sunday-nights habit. We keep odd hours.To eat this well at 1 AM on a Monday morning is nothing short of delightful.
I don't know how we ended up ordering so much food, but we certainly did. Maybe it's because it feels very banquet-hall like there? We needed to throw ourselves a banquet? I can tell you that cold leftover spicy fried soft-shell crab is an excellent breakfast. Oh but it was very tasty hot as was just about every dish we sampled.
There are a lot of dishes that I want to try from Tai Lake.  A plate of scallops went sizzling by and I made myself a mental note: next time.
The sauteed clams with minced pork were spicy and tasty, loved the gingery fried fish with scallions and hot peppers too. I mentioned the spicy fried soft shell crabs, didn't I? Oh yeah. I did. Very good. Very fresh-tasting seafood here. All that and we got steamed pork dumplings Cantonese style (the only thing I wasn't crazy about), stir-fried garlicky spinach, and half a roast duck! Why did we need half a duck too? It was served with pillowy soft bao buns, of course, along with shredded scallions and hoisin. It was a feast and no one batted an eye or nudged each other like, "Get a load of these animals!" At least not to our faces...which were full of chomping. 
As I mentioned, leftovers today were phenomenal.Snails with Soy Sauce (delicious!)  I didn't eat too many snails before moving to PA, so the waiter taught us how to suck the snail out of its shell.  Pretty FUN!  If they prepare it properly, the snail should easily dislodge and flow happily into your tummy.
Snow Pea tips with garlic (delicious!) 
Fried Flounder (delicious!) 
Lobster with ginger and scallions (it was okay)So when we had called and placed our take out order, they told us 15 minutes and when we got there we ended up waiting even longer. Why couldn't they just say 30-45 minutes when we had called? Finding parking in Chinatown philly is a nightmare. Since we ended up waiting for so long, they told us that our order was only partially ready and so they would give us what they had cooked so far of this dish and give us a partial refund on our bill......we got home and we immediately saw why, cuz there were so few! I still liked the dish but come on!
I had originally wanted to get one of those spicy salted king crabs but they were way over $30 per crab so I settled for soft shell crabs. It was a nice compromise altho you know, the flavor and texture were vastly different from the king crab. but overall, this place is well known for their fresh seafood options (they walk to the fish tanks (and frog tanks) in front of the store and walk straight to the kitchen where a nice boiling pot of water awaits. Since we had ordered take out tho, we didn't want to get fresh seafood and let it go bad on the way home.  I would like to go back and check out the fresh seafood options and dine in.this place is great! had fried seafood salt &pepper, beef soups, and couple more dishes everything was fine and service was great too, might want to try fish from fish tank next time! one thing I was not liked it was main dish came out first and fried rice came out last but worth to try!Visit Date: 08.16.2010
Had a 10+ course meal here as part of a welcoming reception for a neighborhood housing event that my nonprofit was partaking in. Pretty good standard Chinese fare, nothing really sticks out, but then again we didn't order the major seafood specialties. The Peking duck was good.This place never disappoints me at all.  Authentic chinese food at its best.  What ever you choose here, you cant go wrong.  My only gripe about this place is that its seats are quite compact and always busy, thats not a bad thing!!
Happy Eatings!!Solid late night food.  Came in at around 2AM after a night of drinking and this place really hit the spot. Got the bird's nest with seafood, which was awesome with deliciously fried noodles.  The beef with green peppers was also great, except a bit too many peppers and not enough beef.  At 2AM on a Friday, the place was pretty busy and they were still serving beers.  This will definitely be my go-to spot for late night eating.The service is wonderful here. The staff is always friendly. The owner always comes to shake my hand and say goodbye as I walk out. I always get the roasted duck and everytime it is cooked to perfection. I have been here about 5 times and each time I only waited for about 2 minutes. Highly recommend this place in chinatown for dinner.Great food, bring the crew for a family style chow down.Whenever we visit Philadelphia, my extended family always takes us out for dinner here. My parents love the fresh seafood, as they're kept alive in tanks near the entrance, and there are many options for the kids. The restaurant is often packed, but luckily there is a second floor dining area which is only available if there is a long wait. We're usually seated quickly, even with a large party of 10+. The servers are bilingual (even trilingual) and very quick on their feet. 
We love eating family-style here, which is just ordering a bunch of food for everyone at the table to share. Their house tea is delicious and pairs well with the food. Some of our favorite dishes are jelly fish, peking duck, salt fish fried rice, and sweet and sour shrimp. 
The only thing that might not suit some is the live fish being carried from the entrance of the restaurant, through the restaurant, and into the kitchen. Often times, they're placed in plastic bags or even just held by barehands. This often results in water dripping onto the carpet beside your table. Since the restaurant is quite small, this does not go unnoticed. It can also get quite loud, so often times you have to get a server's attention as they're walking by, as they do not constantly check on you. This stuff is not only unique to this restaurant, as I have noticed it's just how traditional ones in Chinatown are compared to the newer, modern ones. 
I highly recommend coming taking your family here; there's just something for everyone.Best Cantonese restaurant in Philadelphia. Almost everything I've ordered here has been excellent, especially the seafood.  
They have two menus- the large, comprehensive menu, and the smaller live seafood menu.  If you want to guarantee a good experience, order most of your items from the small menu (although there are plenty of gems on the large menu as well).  The live seafood's excellent quality and well taken care of-- take a look at it when you enter.  
The one thing I order without exception at Tai Lake is the $3.00 GIANT OYSTER (it's on the small menu and I think it's called "steamed oyster with scallion").  It's a 7-9 inch long oyster on the half-shell, opened live then skillfully steamed in the shell, served with a delicate ginger-scallion sauce that tastefully mingles with the oyster liquor.  These are great quality oysters, prepared with complete respect for their natural flavor.  And you won't believe how spectacular 10 of these BB's look on a platter in the middle of your table.  SHOUT OUT GIANT OYSTER.
It's also hard not to order the Peking duck-- it's my platonic duck ideal.  It's not cheap, but it's no more expensive than at Sang-Kee, and 2x as perfect. Perfect skin.  Perfectly salty.  Perfect amount of fat under the skin. Etc.
Other highlights:  
-BBQ scallop- don't worry, there's no BBQ involved.  This is a sweet egg custard containing cubes of scallop baked in a scallop shell.  
-Sautéed live eel with xo sauce and sugar snap peas-- the snap peas are perfectly cooked.
-Jellyfish and 'cold meat' salad- in a vinaigrette, very refreshing
-Fried jumbo shrimp with mayo- one of the most perfect renditions of this dish I've ever had.  The shrimp balls and sauce are flawless, the walnuts are candied, the broccoli is perfectly cooked.  
-Salt baked baby fish- tiny fish, salt-baked whole.  
-Fried crispy stuffed bean curd-  Delicate tofu stuffed with shrimp then deep fried.  
-The 'royal clam and prince mushroom' dish- get it.
-Salt baked items- not as good as at shiao lan kung, but still worth it.  
-BBQ spare ribs with honey sauce- great pork ribs
-Steamed minced pork with squid or fermented fish (avoid the fermented fish if you're wary of extreme flavors... I love the flavor it adds to the pork, but fish itself is too much for me).  
-Short rib and eggplant casserole- in a complex and powerful sauce, beefy and black bean-y
I should also mention that they also have GREAT PINA COLADAS.Jack Daniels and diet coke for $4.50. Yay! Ok I'm full, super stuffed to be exact. I'm not sure what the names are of everything I just ate here but everything was really good. I know we had shrimp, snail, steak, fish. Some kind of soup and a few vegetable dishes. All really good. I had to force myself to stop eating!  Oh and the red bean dessert = hella good!
Oh and our party had some wine and beer as well. Since we ordered 9 dishes they threw in the alcohol, rice, and dessert for free! Dayum good service!The food is authentic, solid and my parents' new favorite restaurant. They do well on live steamed fish, walnut jumbo shrimp, salted baked squid (or seafood, which includes scallops and shrimp), and pork and clams. Since my family likes to experiment with new seafood dishes,  the waitresses and waiters are great at recommending new and good dishes to try. 
It is usually packed on weekends with long wait times unless you go early (5ish). They can take reservations depending on your group size or whether or not it is a holiday (which requires a minimum of 5 people or more).For over a month now, we been on a quest to try out different places in Chinatown. For some reason, I've walked past this place a million times and never noticed it. Finally, today I'm standing on the opposite side of the street in the rain waiting for the others to catch up and I see this place for the first time. The sign says seafood and the place is on a block between my 2 favorite seafood markets, so I figured it was a good bet.
We walked in there pretty early so it was easy to get a table. By the time we left, the place was packed. They have these fish tanks at the front and you see them pulling out live shrimp. They certainly have fresh seafood.
We ordered the grouper filet with yellow scallions. That was great! We also had the soft shell crabs with peppers over shredded lettuce. That was also great!
This was my favorite place so far in Chinatown. Well, for seafood anyway. I saw a lot of other dishes that I really want to try, so it's safe to say we'll be back.good for midnight snacksFood is excellent. I believe it's one of chinatown's best eateries. Only reason it didn't get 5 stars is because the service can be better. But it IS chinatown...Seafood is fresh...as in you see the waiters bring fish or the crab from tank to the kitchen. We ordered a striped sea bass, which was cooked perfectly. We ordered the clams with minced meat- good but a little dry, wish it had more sauce with it. Will try clams with black bean sauce next time. I was disappointed they ran out of soft shell crab. Definitely will come again.this place is SOOOO GOOD! i stopped by here on my way home from new york per a friend's recommendation. such good authentic food! none of that panda express bullshit. im full chinese so it was nice that this place had exotic dishes on their menu! deffintiley try:
- crabmeat and dry scallop fried rice
- west lake beef soup 
- shark fin soup!!!!
- abalone with black mushroom 
- spicy fillet eel 
- large $4 OYSTERSSSSSS so goooooooddddddd
just writing this review makes me want to hop in my car and go!This was, by far our favorite Chinese restaurant in Chinatown but I've been very disappointed the last few times we've been here. The salt baked squid that we usually order came out chewy, almost tasting like rubber. The mayo shrimp (my favorite) did not taste the same, it tasted a little sour, we couldn't finish it. The rice tasted like days old rice. It just wasn't as good as it use to be. I understand one time but this has happen the last 2-3 times.This place definitely has the flavor down. My sister told me about this place and said that I had to eat the Beef Chow fun. I hate how she is right all the time, and this time I'm thankful she was. The beef chow fun was so good, the aroma and the perfectly cooked beef. The beef was so tender and not chewy or dry. The walnut shrimp was amazing too, just needed a little bit less mayo.The Jelly Fish, Cold Cut & Crispy Pork Intestine is exquisite. And they serve Gimlets!This is my safe restaurant. I've had some less than great experiences in terms of food, but it's good 95% of the time. Fried soft shell crabs, fried frogs, fried shrimp with mayonaise, and shrimp.Often chosen for a special occasion, such as a Father's Day celebration. Good food- and affordable. Good service. Clean silverware, plates, and cups. Decent restrooms. Appropriate to bring your big family to.I'll be blunt. For the mediocre food that they serve and the slightly above par chinatown service, it was worth frequenting every now and then. 
Food itself was nothing great. Their soft-shell crab is one of the better dishes there. There is not much of a difference between what I can cook for myself (and I can't even cook) and what they serve at Tai Lake, the only major difference is the amount of msg they add to their food. Regarding service, the waitstaff has always been relatively courteous as opposed to hostile or apathetic like other restaurants in chinatown. I appreciate not getting rudely looked at or having to ask for missing utensils or simple refills of water. So when I said slightly above par chinatown service, I meant that they did what they should at any dine-in restaurant.
I enjoyed a relatively normal dinner with friends today and ordered an entree to go towards the end of our meal. The to-go bag was brought out, followed by the check. I saw that they added the to-go order on the same check and thought nothing of it. So what happened when it came to figuring out the bill between 4 people? We decided that 15% tip was sufficient for the service we received. Average service for average tip. We have always tipped 15% here and had no problems. As we left, an older guy sitting at the desk stopped us to tell us that we shorted them on tip.
This was not possible I thought. My friends and I generally order the same things here (we like to stick to things we know are decent) and our bill normally comes out the same. Moreover, we usually calculate the bill down to the penny to make it fair for everyone. Well, let me tell you, I've NEVER been stopped at ANY restaurants for leaving too little for tip. The imbecile at Tai Lake had the audacity to tell us we under tipped them?!? And why you may ask? He was adamant that we should have tipped on the whole total (including the to-go order). Now I don't know how they do it at these chinatown restaurants, but normal people don't tip on to-go orders. Furthermore, tipping is not mandatory..it is offered as appreciation for service. So again, I ask (if the owner reads this) WHY DO YOU EXPECT ME TO TIP FOR AN ORDER THAT IS FOR TAKE-OUT??  Secondly, is a measley extra $2 worth losing 2 or more customers that frequent your restaurant and order several entrees each time?? Answer should be no, but apparently you think it's worth it.
So my recommendation for everyone who decides to frequent this place...DON'T..unless you're ready for the chinatown experience where merchants run after you if you tip them too little (according to their genius math skills and poor business ethics).A little pricey, but good food! Will be back to try the abalone and other seafood dishes!Had dinner here this past weekend and thought the food was good. We ordered the salt and peppered soft shelled crab, beef sizzling plate and water spinach sautéed with garlic. The over all taste was good. The only complaint I had was the meat in the sizzling plate was too grizzly and fatty. The meat they used is Korean kalbi which is very fatty and contains bones. I Was expecting sliced meat like most others I've had in this dish. The majority of the meat was left uneaten due to the fat. All the dishes has too much oil which left a strange feeling of my throat being coated with oil..not pleasant.Tai Lake is one the gems in Chinatown. You can't beat the freshness of the seafood and the authenticity of the cuisine.Crab and steamed fish was really good. Probably one of the best in Phili Chinatown.  The sea bass was live as well as the crab. I Highly recommend.Get the crab with pork bits. Get the house special fried rice. Get half the Peking duck. EAT UP! take the rest home :)This place is LEGIT.  If you're looking for delicious genuinely authentic chinese food in chinatown this is the spot.  Everything is delicious.  I highly recommend you try the boiled shrimp, they got them alive in a tank in the front - freshest shrimp ever.
And yes, for us whities, they even have General Tso Chicken (and even that is the bomb!)
Top it all off, it's open until like 3am!Outstanding seafood. Tanks full of lobster, crab, fish and shrimp in entry way. Order one and waiter will walk it back to the kitchen...we had a largemouth bass with ginger and scallion that was steamed to perfection...fun people watching, big noisy families, the selfie and instagram obsessed, locals and tourists. Had major food envy: crab with minced pork looked amazing! Really reasonably priced for the quality.Best and most full filling meal I had during my 6 day trip to PA. My dad and I ordered 2 dishes. Beef with choy and a seafood pot. It was pretty good except I think the tofu wasn't that fresh. 
The price wasn't too bad. 20something for two. For a Wednesday evening they had a pretty good amount of business.My favor Cantonese seafood restaurant in Philly,best place for a family dinner and all the big days! Keep visiting this place for more than 10 year, decided to give them a 5 stars after my valentine visit,they deserved it!!So difficult to find parking around the neighborhood. Dim sum is pretty good, but we had to wait a long time before the waitress had a chance to come to our table with her cart of dishes. Also, they should have a bigger restroom.Went there late night to have dinner with the family, not at all impressed. Our waitress didn't ask us if we wanted a drink, or even water until a got up and went to ask the bar tender for drinks and water. the food was o.k. but I thought was over priced, and nothing came with rice, being South East Asia we a custom to eating rice with everything. No rice. I wanted my daughter that's home for the summer from college to enjoy the dinner, she too was not impressed. 
Late nights, after drinking to intoxicated to taste the food, great place. 
Sober and want to enjoy good food, wrong place.I see a sign posted on the door that says this place is nominated as one of the top 100 Chinese restaurants in the country. Really?  Well I don't know about that claim, but I have to say that the Chinese food at this place is good.  My family only comes here for Chinese food these days.  We always order various seafood dishes; there's a large variety and it always seems to be fresh.  The lobster is really tasty, the peking duck is really good, as well as their soups and fried rice.  Can't really go wrong with anything here.  There's a huge menu, so take your pick!Properly one of the best Chinese restaurants in Chinatown that I've been to. I love their mayo shrimps, Peking duck and fried calamari. Their seafood is a must try also. Every time I go there the waiters are always nice to me and give fast serving. I feel like their foods are fresher than other Chinese restaurants around this area.This was my 1st experience in Philly's Chinatown.  Food was authentic Chinese and full with Asian guests....fresh everything in tanks as you walk-in.  I had wonton soup big noodles filled with meat very good and Lobster ginger scallion which was pieces of lobster caked with ginger and scallions  wrapped in the original shell...delicious.  It was a little hard to get some on the lobster out but pretty similar to other fried lobsters meals.  My wife had chicken and vegetables..it was ok....nothing special about it.  I would recommend if you go here eat seafood!point to the fish u want in a tank: yes!
shrimp still swimming around happily until you order them: yes!
lobster much cheaper than at restaurants a few blocks away: yes!
i give them the full 5 because i never expect good service at a chinese restaurant, and there it is...yes!This is my parents favorite place to eat in PA Chinatown. 
They have live shrimps in the front of the restaurant and there's nothing better then fresh stream shrimp. For those of you who get frozen shrimp, live shrimps are hundred times better. The meat is sweet and tender. For those of you who doesn't like to eat it the Asian way, bring cocktail sauce with you. I'm not saying other places doesn't serve live shrimp but I just wanted to point out there's a huge difference between LIVE shrimp and frozen one.Very good salt and pepper shrimp.  Duck and beef was just ok, but service was very good.Terrible Horrible Customer service!!! The five of us went there a night after Sixers' game. We wanted to have light dinner since we already had some food in the game. After we sat down, we told the waiter that we needed a couple minutes. While we were talking about what to order, the waiter overheard us and suggested their pricy dishes on the menu in a joking tone. We didn't think much of it. Since one of my friends is vegetarian who would have physical discomfort after eating any meat, we mentioned multiple times that she cannot have any meat, and her dish must be vegetarian! However, she wasn't feeling well on the way home. The most ridiculous part was after we get our check. While we were trying to figure out the numbers, this waiter came over and said to one of us "Do you know how to tip?" Then he pointed at the tipping suggestions on the recipe and goes "look at that! Now you know how to tip right?" That was absolutely unbelievable! I  had never experienced such horrible customer service ever!!!! Our bill was $57, we ended up leaving 15% tip, but compared to how we were treated, we gave way more than the waiter deserved!!!! If the waiter was joking the whole time, none of us thought any of that was funny! If he wasn't joking, then they really need some serious customer service training! Paying customer should never be treated like that!!! Here is some suggestions for whoever wants to know how this place is: if you want to have some good CHINESE food, Tai Lake might be one of your many choices in CHINATOWN, but if you are looking for a pleasant dining experience, this is definitely the last place you wanna go!!!!This is the most disgusting restaurant I have been. My PREGNANT wife and I were eating when 2 roaches ran across our table!!! The waitress then came over and killed one on the table. I called for the manager who then asked if we wanted our food to go. Noooo I just wanted to get out of there. We did not pay, left immediately and my wife started throwing up. We will never ever go back and I say STAY AWAY. I would give zero stars if possible.The best sea food restaurant in chinatown! we always go there for dinner, and they are never let we down! the food was super! and the service was very friendly and professional, they always carry a lot of fresh  sea food, my favorite dishes: steamed eel with black bean sauce, the abalone with oyster sauce, the double egg fried rice and beef chow fun. I definitely will come back very soon again! and I recommend this place to you!We come back year after year to Tai Lake.  When my wife and I got married, and her dad wanted to get a Chinese banquet for all his Korean friends and relatives, this is where we had it.  
I brought my dad here yesterday because the food is reliably excellent.  You are not going to get fish any fresher; it is swimming in tanks in the vestibule and they cook it to order.  I like to get it steamed Cantonese style, with ginger and scallions, but sometimes I have it fried with black bean sauce.
We also had spicy pork with little eggplants, one of our favorites, and lemon chicken.  Total cost for three adults and two kids was around $40.
The restaurant was full, and my dad and I were the only white people there.  Service was good.First off I would like to say that this is the first time I have ever gone to this place in Chinatown.  Therefore this review will be written around two thing 1st is the food 2nd is the staff and their conduct.  The food that I ordered was 2 spring rolls which were excellent.  The main course that I had was shrimp fried rice and the pork lo-mein. The pork lo mein and the friend rice were not very good, not the quality of taste I was used to from other places in Chinatown.  The second thing was the behavior of the counter person. I paid for the meal with a credit card and then left a tip with cash as I thought the waiter would like that better. As I was leaving out the door the counter person stopped me and accused me of not tipping the waiter . Even when I told the counter person that I paid with a card and left cash for the tip, continued to say that I did not leave a tip.  Then all of the sudden he decided to go through his pile of receipts and said oh oh ok bye. I told him that he was very rude and should no what he was talking about before he accuses someone first not call them liars. I will never patronize this place again!!!Great Food! Fresh food! Good service.  Great for families!  During our visit in Philadelphia, we went twice in one week.  Also was recommended by the local Chinese community.  You know it's a good place when you see the locals eating there.There's nothing quite like a plate of whole shrimp at 2:30 AM.  Even if you don't eat the heads and legs, whole shrimp are a good sign.  They're generally fresh (not previously frozen).  They're therefore a bit sweeter, and they have a better texture than, say, grocery store shrimp.  
I have no idea if there are better places in the neighborhood.  But this was a five-star experience because the owner was a nice dude.  He even let Ed Hardy frat jock at the table to our right get a little sloppy with his lo mein.
For seafood, though, I'd come back.  Everything seems fresh and the shrimp, at least, were high qualityGood place for dinner.  Authentic Chinese food. I am a regular customer for this restaurant for more than twenty years. And they have been keeping up good. Also reminds me back to the day that we were dating.I'm usually disappointed by hyped up ethnic restaurants, but Tai Lake delivers. If you have to wait for a table (and you mostly likely will), do so. I command it. Thank me later.  Go there for lunch, dinner, or 2 AM.  It's always good and always has been for the last few years I've been going.
The food here is excellent. The sauces they make are phenomenal. So full of flavor. The meat and seafood tastes delicious.  It's also a huge portion so no going home hungry.  Not some chewy old meat like some places in Chinatown. Bonus points for cheap booze too.
The staff if very efficient. They are quick but never rush you. The moment I want to order they appear out of nowhere. I'll have to determine whether they are telepathic superheros next time I go.My family has been coming here for over 15 years. They've always treated us well and I might be bias, but I like their food a lot. It used to be a lot cleaner though. 
We usually order any veggie that's in season sauteed with garlic, baked fresh scallops with cheese on top, steamed fish with scallion and ginger, eel with snap peas in a clay pot, sweet and sour pork chops, fried stuffed tofu with shrimp, lobster/crab with ginger and scallion, fried squid, shrimp and scallop, .....In town for a wedding and decided to explore Philly's Chinatown.  Seemed a little small and garbage strewn, but that's par for the course for those of us who grew up in these ethnic enclaves ignored by city governments.  Got some desserts from a bakery and asked them for a restaurant recommendation for dinner.  They pointed across the street so we headed over to Tai Lake.  Ordered clams with black bean sauce, golden fried chicken, pea tendrils in garlic, and salt/pepper calamari.  Everything was delicious, we were relieved to find.  Definitely authentic preparations for Cantonese palate.  I highly recommend this restaurant, but don't expect super cleanliness inside or out!This is the place my family visits when we are in Chinatown. When you are in Chinatown and want to try out Chinese food, please don't order the ordinary takeout food.  That's an insult to the restaurant and trust me, they will me talking about you in the kitchen.  Yes, forget about the green pepper steak and chicken chowmein, hot and sour soup...  Instead, go for something BOLD. Ask the waiter for the Chinese menu (in English) and order from that menu.  Trust me, you won't be disappointed.The food here is good and great sometimes. I have been here many times. For party events or dinner. Salt baked seafood is good. Salted fish fry rice is an acquired taste but good. Almost all of the dishes here are great.
Service here is a hit or miss. Somedays service is wonderful and at other times it could be really off. 
Parking in this area is brutal. Park in a lot. I would recommend the food here. My fav is clams with minced pork. Spicy and good.Best Chinese food in Chinatown! And open until 3am. Everything I've ordered has been delicious, and is quickly served. My staple is the shrimp and scallop fried rice. Huge portion but it's so tasty I could eat it all in one sitting. The eggs rolls are also delicious. No complaints here!They have decent seafood, although we waited a while for our food.
We went around 10 pm or so, and a lot of people were still there eating. 
I recommend getting the Peking Duck, jellyfish, shrimp, beef and mixed vegetables.you can pick your own frog! how great is that??
well, sure..it would certainly be greater if i actually dug frog, but eh...i find it too greasy.
make of that what you will... tai lake is alright.My favorite Chinese restuarant in all of Philly. I'm a fan of their sauteed grouper, it's super fresh, soft flakey texture. They have water tanks infront of their restuarant full of grouper, shrimp, frogs, and the seafood is cooked fresh straight from the tank. They are also open way late at night, incase you have the case for the midnight munchies.First off, I would like to say that tipping is not required.  I've never been one to not tip, but in this case, i really shouldn't have.  I've normally had a decent experience at this place.  I typically enjoy their food, especially the soft shell crab.  
My friends and I went their for dinner one Friday night.  It wasn't busy so we got promptly seated and served. One of my friends orders a dish to go for later.  As the bill came up, I calculated our total and included an appropriate tip for the dishes we were served.  I did not include a tip for the dish that was ordered to go.  My general thinking is to not tip on orders that were not served to me.  
We pay our tab and got ready to leave.  The person at the door stops us and questions our tip.  I told him we left an appropriate tip for the stuff that was ordered there and not for the to go item.  He was adamant about us leaving a larger tip.
The Oakland in me should have just shrugged it off and kept on walking.  In the end, we gave him an extra $2.  $2 doesn't really amount to me and I really could care less, but it's the principle behind it!  Why are you going to expect me to pay tip on a dish I ordered to go?  If I had not sat down for dinner and ordered a to go item, would the restaurant have expected me to tip for that as well?
Like I said, I generally have decent experiences here.. but because of this incident, I will no longer be returning.The waitress would not let my boyfriend order what he wanted (the beef hot pot) which was slightly discouraging. She kept insisting he would not like it, he would not like it, HE WOULD NOT LIKE IT, and he should order something else. 
My boyfriend spent summer 2008 interning in Beijing and trust me, he knew what he was ordering. However, to appease the waitstaff (what's wrong with this picture?) he got the beef and pepper stir-fry. How wonderfully American of him.
One friend ordered the frog, another friend ordered the sesame shrimp, and I had the scallops in black bean sauce. It was fine. Tai Lake gives you a lot of seafood for your buck, that's for sure. The scallops, however, weren't fried or sauteed. They looked like sliced marshmallows just sliding around a bed of vegetables. The mushrooms were clearly canned, and I didn't touch them- a little disappointing.Very authentic cantonese cuisine, fresh ingredients, populist price, every dish is very tastyNo, for once this was not a restaurant we found on Yelp!  Since our hotel was a block away from Chinatown, my 11 year insisted on finding a restaurant on his own by just wandering the streets. It was like a game and yes, very old school!  We stumbled into Tai Lake, attracted by the fish in the front foyer.  Well, I would not say we were attracted to all of the seafood. There was bass, huge crabs, lobsters, and frogs. Yes, frogs!
No, we did not order the frogs.  As a matter of fact, considering we were in a seafood restaurant, we hardly ordered any seafood at all!  We started with dim sum. There is not much dim sum on the menu so this is not the Chinatown spot I would go to if that is what you are looking for. The Pan Fried Dumplings were very large and good.  The Steamed Shrimp Dumplings were excellent!  The Crispy Seafood Rolls were not a table favorite. There was some funky seafood inside as well as a mayonnaise like sauce. Yuck!
We ordered a variety of mains and they were all good. We got a large Peking Duck. The duck was tasty and the skin crispy, just the way it should be!  With the hoisin sauce, greens, and buns, they made tasty little sandwiches. My favorite dish of the night was Stuffed Eggplant. It was sautéed eggplant stuffed with shrimp in a very tasty brown sauce. It was savory and delicious. Of course we had to get some Beef & Broccoli for 12 year old. I tasted it. The beef was tender and the sauce was spot on. Last, 11 year old's choice had been some Special Fried Rice. It was as good as any fried rice could be, but honestly, with so much food on the table, not much of it was eaten. 
Our server was friendly and talkative (especially when my Men engaged her about the bass in the tank and fishing!) The food came out super fast.  It was also quite reasonable. This dinner for five (including tons of leftovers) was $110 with tax & tip.  Of course, like many Chinatown restaurants, the place is rather plain without much ambiance. However, when considering the food, price, and service, Tai Lake is a great choice in Chinatown for a seafood or any type of feast in Chinatown!I finally found a great chinese place in philadelphia!  I shall rinse and repeat often.Lobster is excellent but I am not too fond of their fried rice. Soup and noodles are delicious tho.Horrible service very bad waiters. 
They use misunderstanding to rip you off on order to get a bigger bill for their tip.When I went here it was already midnight, and thank god we found a place open! Tai Lake offers authentic chinese food that my parents truly enjoy. We ordered the Peking Pork (which I highly recommend) and fresh shrimp which was delicious. The service was great and we were immediately seated. If you are checking out Chinatown in Philly, I recommend this spot.
Also, there is a parking garage right across the street which is $10!This is actually very similar to the restaurant across the street - - North Sea. In fact, we couldn't really tell the difference in the menus...
Here the food was hot but it didn't always taste like we expected. Mustard & pork was tangy and sour, but the mixed Chinese vegetables and tofu ended up having less tofu than desired, and fried instead of braised... ah, well, that probably meant we didn't order it correctly.I like this place a lot, but it's not to everyone's taste.  Seafood is excellent, especially fried.  Their sauces and hot pots can be hit or miss, but some are very tasty (I like the Buddha Vegetables).  Some of the menu options seem strange to my western tastes, but there is more than enough to keep me happy.  The place is always hopping, filled with large groups of Chinese, all of whom seem to be enjoying themselves immensely.My experience with this restaurant is a nightmare. When I order my dish. The waitress cannot tell the difference between two similar dishes. The seafood in my dish is not what the waitress described. After that there is no service at all.
In the end, the most annoying thing happened. The waiter and waitress stood behind me and look at my receipt while I am singing it. They yield at me because I didn't tip them as they expected.
You know why they open till 2am. They have customers when all others closed.
I strongly disengage you dine there. Unless you are ready for the unprofessional service and bad food.I was in Philly for a business trip, and after a night of revelry with my coworkers we stumbled into this place at 1am. What's better than Chinese in the AM?
Nothing is. Exactly. One of the better Cantonese places I have been to. Though the location seems a bit small, the service is good. The dishes are huge, each can be more than plenty for 2 people, maybe even 3. They give orange slices with fortune cookies as you're getting the bill, that's pretty cool.Tai Lake! I forgot all about you. Wow it's been like a few years since i've been here. So terrible of me. The seafood here is excellent. Last night had the steamed striped bass. SO delish. Great place for dinner and late night dining. Prices are also very reasonable.I had Peking Duck, snow pea leaf, some kind of fried shrimp and beancurd with black bean sauce.  Delicious!  I thought service was fine.I walked into this place and saw aquariums full of frogs, shrimps, lobsters, crab and an assortment of fish. I always wanted to go into a place and be able to choose the animal I was about to consume (Sorry this review is not vegetarian friendly). Tai Lake gave me that opportunity, I decided to get the crab spicy dish and asked the waiter for the biggest crab. As I was sitting and talking to my brother, the waiter literally came up to us with the crab in his hand and asked us if that was the one we wanted. It was a monster crab for sure! 
The food itself was messy and delicious, we also ordered pan fried dumplings some hot and sour soup and other stuff that I can't remember because the crab was that good. The good thing about the crab was that it was very meaty and obviously fresh! I left the restaurant extremely satisfied and will return for some frog or some broiled whole fish.This is the place for authentic Cantonese seafood cuisine. The clams in black bean sauce is outstanding and the shrimps are cooked to perfection. Their beef, pork and chicken dishes are also excellent. The dishes have the authentic "wok-heigh" flavor, that is the mark of true wok cooking. They are only open for dinner after 4 o'clock. I advise making reservationsFood was okay. Service was terrible though. My fiance and I was having a huge family gathering at this restaurant and you would think that spending more than 400 hundred dollars at this restaurant service would be better.Love the manager/owner guy who rushes you in and looks really sleazy. Great place to go to at 3 in the morning, and they have amazing Peking Duck. Worth it for the Piña Colada's alone!Best salt and pepper shrimp! Everything else was just ok. Service was very good. The one server was very personable.The crispy chicken is so so dry, it's dry to the bone and the owner didn't feel shamed to serve us this dish. Never coming back again !We tried the banquet dinner--8 or so dishes on a prix-fixe menu plus some of our party ordered a la carte. 
This restaurant is famous for fish--and you see them and their brethren (lobsters, snakes) in tanks as you enter. This is novel for the US but pretty common in China. I found the food extremely bland. Even though this is Guandong style and garlic is not the thing, the sauces were mainly flavored with dried fish stock and dried mushroom and this flavor permeated most of the food and made it dull. The food can be "adventurous"--abalone and shiitake mushroom, snake soup, baby octopus and squid. But mostly these tasted undersalted and under flavored. The jellyfish cold "noodles" (with tongue and some other fish and meat cold sliced sausages) is very good, though the tongue is, like much else, tasteless. The Shrimp in Mayonnaise is good, though I'm not a fan of mayonnaise and Japanese mayonnaise, make that double. But it was decently heated and beautifully presented. The Peking duck is nice, but really, you need to have one fresh sliced at the table and go to a special restaurant for duck to really get the experience. 
The lobster tasted like bleach or some preservative--I suppose that is due to its living out its last sad days in an aquarium and not the North Atlantic. And it was overcooked. 
The service was brisk, friendly and competent. They seemed eager to please.  As for me, I've had better Chinese food, though this was ambitious and the restaurant is quite popular. It is very good for large parties. They are well experienced in handling them. I just wish the food had more variety of seasoning and flavor.Just had dinner with family there, and it was awesome!  We go there usually once a month and it never disappoints. The seafood is always fresh and flavorful. Service is unobtrusive, yet attentive. It gets super busy during weekend nights. Tables were full by 6pm and a group of people waiting. Holidays are even crazier and reservations are highly recommended for large groups.This is a very traditional chinese restaurant in Cantonese style. Very fresh and tasty seafood. They open to 3 am. Very convenient for us. Across street is $10 parking place. If you want a real good Chinese meal, this is the place to go. We brought our own wine too. They provided wine glass. Very nice!I don't know why but I still decided to come back after last time's horrible experience but am glad I did. Maybe it was just because they were busy last time but we had another big group dinner and the food came out fast (and altogether) and was delicious. I still ordered the salt baked pork chop and black bean clams and those dishes were actually tasty and not overly salty this time. Guess I will be returning back there after all, just not during holidays.Family gathering place !! Its our top place to go. Fresh(live) seafood, fast service, delicious authentic Chinese cuisine. If you see all Asian in the restaurant u know it's got to be good! They also got a huge party room on second floor for party, wedding etc !! Gets busy at dinner time.Fresh seafood is the reason to go here.  We typically share a pound of fresh steamed shrimp, shelling them by hand and dipping them in soy with sliced green peppers. simple and delicious.
My last trip here included: Roasted pork rib with eggplant (really really good), Fermented fish fried rice (it has a tang that the weak hearted may not like, but I found very satisfying), and  Shrimp Mayonnaise.  
The last must be tried - and as a result you may order this every time you come back.  Shrimp, walnuts tossed in mayonnaise over broccoli.  While one friend says that this is not authentic Chinese, another told me that it was served to her in Beijing.  All I know is that I don't really like shrimp all that much and I eat these two shrimp dishes every time I come here.  Try them both!Among the top restaurants in Chinatown to go eat. The food is good and full of variety. They do open late so that's a plus. Like most places in Chinatown, you have to know what to order. I enjoy the soft shell crabs. Overall, I recommend this place to eat if you stop by Chinatown.Oh Tai Lake I Heart you so much.  You walk into the doors to be greeted by your dinner swimming in big tanks lol...no seriously.  It's your typical Chinese restaurant in terms of decor but not in taste! The spicy soft shell crab is the kinda stuff seafood folks salivate over! The snow pea shoots? You better get it...you just better.  I can't even remember what else we got but I do know....we cleared that table NOT ONE bite was left.  This is my favorite wee hours Chinese place...don't hesitate just go.Great seafood.. for Philly Chinatown at least. Came here to celebrate my birthday and ordered a banquet set menu for 10. Glad I did because each dish was a Chinese specialty reserved for special occasions. The total bill came out to more than $300, but definitely worth it. Not a big restaurant but the waitstaff were attentive. Decor was nothing special and cleanliness was about the same level as any other Chinatown restaurant.Five words:  dungeness crab with minced pork.
Boom.What can I say.. Duck duck duck.. I visited at 1:30am to satisfy my late night craving for duck.  The duck skin was crispy and meat tender.  Plum sauce was yum.  It came with white rice and flat buns.  After a late of hitting the bars, getting half a duck is heaven..
Wow.. I'm getting hungry thinking of it.. Ambiance: 4 Food: 4.2 Service 4.2.  This is a solid good Chinese restaurant in the heart of Chinatown that is open till 2am.  What else could you ask for?..Seeing live frogs hopping all over each other in a tank wasn't a prerequisite for the new chinese restaurant I was looking for on a Tuesday afternoon..but, I'm really glad it didn't dissuade me from trying it.
Tai Lake was exactly what I was looking for... something not too traditional, but traditional enough. We were both really hungry, and for the first time in a long time in Chinatown, I left happy. Really happy.
The wonton soup seemed like an instant mix base, that had scallions--no pork shreds. The wontons themselves were thick dough surrounding a big, identifiable clump of pork. A+ for the soup. We also had pan fried dumplings as a second appetizer. They were very greasy, not very flavorful, as the only thing in them was pork like in the wontons. I would not recommend them. 
As I mentioned, I wasn't in the mood for traditional, but didn't want complete garbage. I did still order General Tso's, but I hoped and prayed it wouldn't be like from the corner store in North Philly (not that I would know or anything)... I was pleased. The breading was light and airy and perfectly crispy, surrounding large chunks of white meat chicken. There were tons of Diablo peppers floating around, and a scallion or two, but it wasn't spicy. We also ordered The House Special Fried Rice.. this wasn't as good as Ho Sai Gai, but Ho Sai Gai is what I was trying to find an alternative from. The rice was good, and we (more like he) really tore it up. (I liked every single other thing better than when I had it at Ho Sai Gai.)
The put a pot of oolong tea on the table, and I did my best to really get my antioxidants for the day. Partially, out of guilt, but also maybe because it really was delicious. 
A few hours later, I did have an incredible bad headache. After doing a little googling-- I found it most likely came from MSG. I did taste it when I was eating...but, I ordered what I wanted and ate it. I would go back and wasn't left thinking of finding somewhere better.Good noodles! Have not tried other dishes yet, but the most important things is that they are the only place I know will be open until 3 am around city.I come here on special occasions. The food is extremely good. I like how they start off with the soups. We had bubble fish or somthing that was really good. Then, the crab and black bean clams oh boy did I tell you I almost licked the plate. The fish was fresh and so good. The only reason this place got a 4 instead of a 5 is because their baby steak was too hard and the vegetable was mixed in flavors. Overall, a very nice place to dine. -KatieFirst time I was here, it was good. Second time, and with a group of 9 people, I could not be more disappointed!!
Never have I been served Chinese food in this fashion, nor so slowly. Let me tell you about my horrible experience.....
We came in here at 6:45, and left at 9 because it took that long....
I orderered the following:
1) Fish maw soup
2) Black bean clams
3) Fried frog legs
4) Snow pea leaves in garlic
5) Pepper beef
6) Salt baked pork chop
7) Walnut Prawns
8) Eggplant and Scallop in Claypot
We waited a really long time for any food to come out, and when it did, it was NOT the soup (which should always come first). Instead, it was just ONE of the entrees, which 9 starving people picked at equaling about one piece a person.... SAD FACE... then they were said sorry about no soup coming out first and something got mixed up... 10 minutes later, soup comes out. We finish our entire soup, and that first entree. Next entree comes out 10 minutes later, then 10 minutes, another one, and it continued down the line. I don't know if they were trying to make this more like American style but it just made no sense why they were bringing ONE entree out at a time for 9 to share....this was meant to be FAMILY STYLE in a lazy susan and u can spin around and pick and the different dishes.... It left us with little variety between bites and just made us unsatisfied because it was just teasing us with food. On top of that, they brought over the wrong dish, then forgot about another dish completely..... I don't know what goes on in the kitchen but someone is not communicating very well back there on what goes where and when it should be served.
As for the food... it was okay. A lot of the dishes were really salty, particularly the clams, salt baked pork chop, and frog legs. Soup was okay, the eggplant and scallop was good.
Overall, I was so disappointed in what was going on. They weren't overly busy and it was a Monday night. Next to us, a bunch of older Asians were sitting there, their table filled with food. While you look at our pathetic lazy susan that has one dish at a time on it.... NEVER AGAIN WILL I GIVE U MY MONEY!!! Too many other restaurants in chinatown that will at least serve us food in normal family style fashion.My only qualm about the meal was the appetizer came out literally seconds before the entree. 
I had scallops and squid and it was delicious! Everything came out fast and HOT. I feel like the squid could have been fried for a second or two longer because the batter seemed a little raw but it was good either way. I would go back.I give this place 3.5 stars.
It is an average size restaurant - only open after 3pm - so dinner only and late dinners as well - they close at 3am - mainly for business owners around the area who are done wrapping things up for the night and does not have the energy to cook food at home.  So, from 11pm-3am this restaurant is busy and occasionally have to wait for a table and of course, loud with people venting about new gossip, de-stressing etc.
For those looking for a romantic site w/ the sexy/groovy ambiance - this is not it - go somewhere else for that.
But, for those people looking for good Chinese food for dinner and or late-dinner because you just finished partying in center city or old city and hungry for food - this is the place to go.  I have several favorite dishes here but in general all their dishes are pretty good.  The only gripe I have is that the quantity of food is not enough for a hungry family table who have an appetite.  Several times, I had to order 2 of the same dishes to have enough to share around a table of 6-9 people.  
Waiter/Waitress service is at par - more if you catch them on a good-mood night or not.  
Price is average to little bit on the higher side (only because the quantity of the dishes is not really full).The food was average at best, but the service stinks.  I know Chinese restaurants, especially in Chinatowns all over the US, can have sketchy service.  And I have tipped accordingly.  However, the service stunk it up more than your typical Chinatown joint.  My friend and I agreed that no tip was warranted.  As we gave our money and bill to the host (probably owner), he said the amount was wrong.  We replied that it was correct, but didn't want to make a scene.  He shoved a calculator in our face and said "15%".  That's when I declared that bad service equated to the zero tip.Just  walk into eat with the family, but was told that need to have reservation only. My Chinese girlfriend went back again and was told that only needed to wait for 30 minutes. Wtf!!!!   I know now how it works chinese only. ..FRESH SHRIMPS are the best!!!!.... Open til 3am.. just got out the club..wanna sober up?? This is the place to be!!A group of us came here on a Saturday after a night of drinking.  We got immediate seating for a group of 12 at about 2am.  After ordering, the food came out no more than 10 minutes later.  I love the quickness at this hour of the night.  All you wanna do is stuff your face with greasy chinese goodness.  We ordered the usuals, mayo shrimp, salt/pepper squid, fried rice, spinach, and others i can't recall.  David's was packed so we decided to come here instead.Chinese food in Philadelphia usually disappointed me somewhat every time I come to one of the most interesting cities in the Eastern USA. However, after eating dinner at this place, my perceptions of Philadelphia's Chinese food have changed somewhat. Here is what we got during a visit here for dinner:
Gon Chao Ngau Ho - This is the Dry Fried Beef Chow Foon noodle dish. One of the most famous dishes in Cantonese cuisine and one dish that I try when I am really uncertain about eating in a Chinese restaurant. $8.95. 
Gai Kau Chao Mian - This is the Pan Fried Noodle with Chicken. It has chicken strips, some sliced carrots, and Chinese vegetables. $8.95. 
Ju Yim Sin Yau - Salted Baked Squid with Chili. Fried calamari dosed with salt and some hot peppers. $10.95.
Hong Siu Ban Nam Bo - My favorite dish. This is a casserole dish that consists of fish, tofu and vegetables in a hot clay pot. This is on the Four Season Casseroles section of the menu. They actually have an English name on the menu, which is Fillet Grouper and Bean Curd. $12.95 (I think)
The Gon Chao Ngau Ho was tasty. The beef strips were delicious and the flat rice noodles were soft and chewy. The Chao Mian was decently good. Chicken and vegetables were tasty and flavorful. Noodles were saucy, but had a little crisp in it. Portions are excellent. Both noodle dishes are big enough to feed three people very well.
The Ju Yim Sin Yau was okay but tasty. The calamari had very little spice in it, but a decent amount of saltiness making it tastier. It had a tiny crisp as well. Calamari was a little rough to chew, but overall, it was decent. 
The Hong Siu Ban Nam Bo was really tasty and probably the best dish in the restaurant. I have had versions of the dish at Chinatowns in Boston and New York City, and this one in Philadelphia's Chinatown was pretty good and also unique. What made it unique was that it had some small garlic cloves, which added more flavor and possibly a better smell to it. Some of the fish pieces had tiny bones inside, but overall it was soft, flavorful, and amazingly tasty. The tofu was also really good, making Hong Siu Ban Nam Bo to continuously be one of my favorite Chinese dishes. Vegetables inside were also good. Hong Siu Ban Nam Bo with white rice can also make a really filling meal for two people. 
We got some bowls of Tapioca soup in the end for dessert and it was a good ending to the dinner. The Tapioca soup was warm, smooth, sweet and a little creamy. 
Although this place does not open until 4:00 PM, it is open until 3:00 AM, so it is a pretty good choice after a night out in the city. Overall this is a solid restaurant that I could go to for a decent Chinese dinner, and I would definitely get the noodle dishes from this place and my favorite dish, which is, of course, Hong Siu Ban Nam Bo.Definitely a great Chinese dinner spot. My 2 friends and I ordered the Shrimp Lo Mein, Chinese Broccoli, the Salted Baked Pork Chop, the Assorted Seafood & Bean Curd, and Hot & Sour Soup. The only not so good dish was the Assorted Seafood & Bean Curd. It was just all too mushy. But everything else was totally amazing. I would order the other items any day of the week. It's mostly family style and considering I came here with two of my most food guzzling guy friends, they definitely serve plenty at reasonable prices. I think we left here with a $40-50 check, once the waiter finally came around to give it to us.Maybe because I was raised on "Chinese food" all my life or that my father is a retired chef or even still that I grew up in Chinatown but Tai Lake is arguably the best restaurant in Chinatown. Sure, the decor inside is perfect for someone who watches the Masters on CBS (they wear green jackets) but we're talking about food here. It's been said that if you see all Chinese people inside that restaurant, you should go in. I won't argue with that. It should also be noted that people find themselves going inside because of their huge fish tanks lined up near the entrance. People are frankly not shy to stick their face against the tank. Hungry, are we? The seafood is market place and dishes are very reasonably priced. It should be noted that Chinese food is not expensive unless you're dining in casinos or the Main Line. A traditional Chinese favorite is steamed Sea Bass with ginger and a scallions or a plate of steamed shrimp (a big favorite in Hong Kong). If you're not a fan of seafood, there are other places to spend your money but if you're set on trying what many in the business (including non-chinese) call the best restaurant in Chinatown, look no further than Tai Lake.To long a review with to many photos to post here. See:
http://rosapotentis.blogspot.com/2011/06/philadelphia-chinatown-tai-lake.htmlThis place is ALWAYS PACKED, but it's well worth the wait.  The ONLY Chinese restaurant my family and i frequent for dinner in Chinatown.  We normally order the set menus.  I don't know if they have their one great signature dish, but everything is so yummy here.  My personal favorites are the shrimp and walnuts, steamed fish is ALWAYS good, beef short ribs on a sizzling skillet, and there's this clay pot thing that has napa cabbage on the bottom, and on top there's fish and an assortment of tofu and shitaki mushrooms, YUMMM-IE.  If you go enough and befriend the manager ( who's a great guy by the way) you might not even be charged for the beers.  We've never have to pay for ours, no guarantees of course!  ENJOY!You enter, and are almost taken back by the sight of tanks of live fish, shrimp, and most weird, frogs!  Too many to count; just waiting for someone to order one and then be scooped up like a kid's carnival game to be prepared.  Oh yeah, it's fresh.
I came here with a group of several coworkers, and the meal hit the spot.  It was not the absolute best Chinese food I've ever had, but it was very tasty and worth a second trip back.
Breaded Crab - best thing tonight; light and airy with nice crisp and very tasty.
Peking Duck - not enough for the price, tasty and the skin was almost too crunchy.
Sesame Chicken - somewhat bland, but the pieces of chicken were not too heavy on the breading - so it was fine.
Sesame Shrimp - much better than the chicken, had more flavor, nice and light.
Chicken and Broccoli - Could find this just about anywhere about the same.
Rice dish - perfect with not much grease taste, lots of pieces of everything inside - I could make this a meal on it's own.
Noodle dish - had curry seasoning, and I was quite turned off by it.
Additional plus was the really cheap prices for the liquor and beer. 
The place filled up with many other Chinese people during our meal and was full by the time we left, so if they come to "one of their own," then I'm saying it must be a favorite.
About $27 per person including tip for the 8 of us = great value for what we got.  This place hit the seafood on the head, and everything else close to it without hitting your fingers or thumbs!Would agree on the service, please see other reviewers.  Not sure why any establishment would not treat customers courteously.  After all, those paying customers support the establishment.  I do remember the food being very good about ten years ago, but as others have mentioned, that seems to have declined as well.We stopped in on Valentines day at 11:30 PM after seeing radio Dept at Union Transfer. This place was packed at 11:30 which blew my mind. We waited a bit for a table which was soooo worth it. The foods were all really fresh and loaded with tons of flavor. We had the shreded pork and clams, wow that was awesome!!! and peking duck, Super tasty!!! Last was sweet and sour fish which i loved!!! Portions were pretty big, we had quite a bit to take home and the price was good too. 
Staff are friendly but work very hard here.So I'm not sure how this is possible, but the food Tai Lake served for our wedding reception was somehow even better than when we had the same dishes for just 1 table! Typically when you cook for 100+ instead of 10, there's some loss in food quality, but not the case here. The food here is super legit - authentic, fresh seafood, flavored just right. The staff was awesome and the management was 10x easier to work with on preparing for a wedding banquet than any other place we talked to.
As far as dishes go, the lobster, shrimp, scallops, and basically any seafood is great. What surprised me though is how good the duck and the lamb are, as well as the braised soft noodles. Everybody raved about how good the food was at the reception and had a blast.
Will definitely be back here with friends/family.Hands down, probably my favorite Chinese restaurant in Chinatown, in regards to taste and authenticity.
Most the seafood is fresh, and you can see so by the tanks in the front of the restaurant. The place is relatively clean, but their method of transporting fresh seafood from the front to the kitchen leaves a wet trail throughout the dining room. Also, they messed up on our order and forgot three things, but ended up being for the better.
We decided to have a huge family feast. WARNING, I don't know the exact names of these dishes, but you will get the idea. We started with the fresh shrimp, steamed up. They were delicious and one of Tai Lake's signature dishes. Peel one of those juicy suckers and take a dunk in the soy sauce makes a wonderful taste. Next, we wanted to stray away from the usual fish maw soup, and decided to get the dry scallop soup. It was different and still tasty. The plentiful amount of mushrooms made me love it even more.
As for main entrees, we ordered soft shell crab, mayonnaise shrimp, stir fried conch, fried flounder in hot and sour sauce, sauteed frog legs, and clams in black bean sauce. My personal highlights were the soft shell crab and flounder. Both were crispy and delicious. The mayonnaise shrimp was a bit too soggy, but the mayo always makes me smile. 
Design wise, nothing worth talking about. It is your typical Chinatown restaurant, with a bit more class. 
If you are looking for a great sit-down meal with friends and family, this is my personal suggestion. Great food, great fast service. The prices are maybe a teeny bit more expensive, but not by much and super worth it.Absolutely delicious food. Try the stuffed peppers.I'll start off by saying Tai Lakes seafood is pretty good. We went on Mother's Day with a group of 12 and ordered their family size special which was around 300 not including tax or tips. There was a wide variety but unfortunately in small portions. They said it could feed 12-15 easy but it's just enough  for 10 or less imo. And also the service there is horrendous which is why I only gave them 2 stars. I've made reservations prior for Mother's Day dinner and the hostess wasnt aware of any reservations even though I called again that day to confirm it. Horrible experience. We had to wait over 20 mins for our tables. And they squeezed us in on a table meant for about 8 and put 12 chairs there, we were elbow to elbow. I would give 1/5 stars but their food earned 1 extra star from me. Tbh 1.5/5 stars overall experience if I could.My family and I have been eating here for at least 10-15 years. It's the only place I'll eat Chinese food from. Must haves: sizzlin' beef, mayo shrimp, pan fried flounder, Canadian crabs with minced spicy pork, and tried tofu stuffed with Shrimp. Absolutely love it here. YUMMY!!!Searched for a good late-night meal in Chinatown, but I would come here anytime day or night!  
The atmosphere is fascinating - when you enter, you'll think you entered the Chinatown branch of the Philly Aquarium - tanks of eels, carp, shrimp, fish I can't identify, and a giant aquarium filled with a biblical number of frogs!  And they are constantly transporting flopping aquatic life from the front to the kitchen in the back. Even though we got there at 10pm on a Sunday night, there was no empty table in the place and only one other table with non-Asians (a GOOD sign!)!  When we left at 1130pm, all the tables were still full.  The decor may not be very distinctive, but the scene - the busy tables and the aquatic life - make this place!  
Our party had vegans, carnivores, and pescatarians and EVERYONE was happy!
My personal favorite - salt baked soft shell crab with hot chili.  SO GOOD WE ORDERED TWO!  Also, the vegetarian/tofu dishes were all delicious, as was the eggplant in garlic sauce, the sauteed spinach.  Our vegetarian appetizer -Fried Crispy Bean Curd Skin Vegetarian Roll - was enough for all 8 of us, and all of us loved it except for the one mushroom hater in our group,  The kids were very happy with the Chicken Lo Mein, but there are plenty of more adventuresome dishes which other tables were ordering.  They have dishes with frog, eel, jellyfish, sharkfin soup, for those with more adventurous palettes.  As others have written, Tai Lake has a full liquor license, beers are Tsing-tao and Heineken (yuck), but they are happy to have you bring your own as well (which we did!).  Dessert (complimentary) was big juicy orange slices and fortune cookies.  Service was patient and efficient, water glasses were vigilantly refilled.  Tab was under $100 for 8 of us leaving stuffed, and 5 beers ordered on top of the champagne we brought.   My ONLY complaint - I wish they had a brown rice option!    But 5 stars, easily!  We will be back whenever in Philly.This is my late night spot. The fried tofu with shrimp in the middle is a must. Every time we come to Chinatown we come here for dinner. The waiter is nice and talkative. Price is reasonable.I was anxious to try Tai Lake, having never eaten in Chinatown (yes, I know...I'm crazy!). Honestly, seeing the live frogs in the entrance foyer did creep me out. I didn't want this to be my deciding factor so I was hoping the food would blow me away. Sadly, it did not. The restaurant was definitely clean though and had a nice appearance. 
I got simple lo mein which was greasier then I prefer. Hubs got shrimp which he said was ok but the broccoli he got he claimed to be inedible (it was pickled). We left thinking that we plan to try somewhere else in Chinatown. Surely there is better!Pretty sad for a Chinese dinner:
1. steamed fish - overcooked
2. steamed chicken was mediocre; tough and overcooked
3. Tofu claypot - sour tofu, flavorless 
It's rather telling when they can't even get basics right. Disappointing.The food is good. I enjoyed it a lot. We have been there several times and the seafood is really awesome. You probably don't want to park in those tiny parking lots as I have seen cars being bumped into multiple times and those drivers just left.Excellent authentic Chinese food.  I come here with my parents (along with Jade Harbor) to eat dinner sometimes.  They make my favorite dish beef short ribs with peppers and onions very well.
I'm not particularly sure what we order, I just know it tastes quite good.  Don't be scared away by the seafood in the window either.  It's a sign that it is fresh!This place is pretty good, it's well known restaurant for its Cantonese food. There are always events held at this restaurant, so I advise to call beforehand and get a reservation for large/small groups during dinner hours. Out of all the times I've come here, 4/5 times I was told to wait 15mins + before getting seated. 
The service here is on par, waiters and waitresses are always bustling around cleaning up or serving. Your drink will always be refilled instantly and you won't have any problems trying to find a waiter/waitress to assist you. 
The price at this place is a tad higher and you might want to think twice before you come here casually. I would say be prepared to spend about $25+ .
My favorite dishes is the half duck and the black chicken soup. Growing up my mom always made me the soup, so it's like eating a home cooked meal to me!Horrible is not a word I can use to describe this place, although I only got food for take out this is rudest place I've had the displeasure of ordering food from. First of all I go in and tell the man at the receptionist stand I wanted to chicken lomein and he says "sorry we don't have chicken wings go to the next one" and did a waving motion as to leave the restaurant and did this a second time again before I had to fully articulate I said "LO MEIN". Not only were they rude in catering to my order but took atleast 25 mins to bring my order when he initially said 10 mins and the food in general tasted like horse-shit, nothing tasted liked actually food it was more like a mixture of petroleum, cleaning chemicals and raw meat. So all in all it was a very crappy experience and I won't be returning anytime soonThe food is very salty, the service is horrible. I mean I'm used with bad service when it comes to chinese restaurant but the staffs here are so ignorant. They are also smell very bad. Imagine if you sit there and try to enjoy your food and you can smell UR waiter's underarm miles away....We attended a birthday banquet tonight on the second floor, and, although the service was fantastic, thanks to the seasoned waiters who have been around for years, the food was just okay.  We had the following:
1. lobster waldorf salad: the sliced chunk lobster meat was fresh and tender but the apple chunks were huge and the mayo-based dressing a bit too heavy for an opening dish
2. stir-fried conch and razor clams with sugar snap peas: a bit greasy and the razor clams were on the tough side although the conch was tender
3. shark fin with lobster and bean thread soup: pretty good but the shark fin and lobster were barely discernible and the soup base itself was slightly bland
4. roast quail with Pringles: yep, they came with a side of Pringles.  Although that was a bit eccentric, the quail itself was delicious and tasted like a leaner, more flavorful version of the peking duck.  Definitely my favorite dish tonight.
5. ginger and scallion stir-fried dungeness crab with mice onions and pork: this was incredibly greasy but i did like the fact that the legs were pre-cracked for us so that we didn't have to work too hard to get the meat.  The minced pork was drenched in oil, though, and the actually seasoning was on the bland side.  Definitely not the best version of the dish here in Chinatown, by far.
6. steamed sea bass: pretty average although the fish itself was on the small side.
7. soft noodles with shitake and crabmeat: um, I looked but found no crabmeat in side.  Maybe a shred of crab?  the flavor was decent but the lack of real, substantial quality ingredients was disappointing.
8. crabmeat fried rice: same story as the noodles.  no crabmeat and the rice was bland and greasy, to boot.  not a fan
9.sautéed sliced abalone with bok choy hearts and sea cucumber: the abalone portion was tiny and the sea cucumber very bland and almost pasty.  the bok choy was fresh and tender, though.  The seasoning was okay but not really amazing.
10. mung bean stuffed mandarin peach-shaped buns: these were adorable and the filling was fantastic.  a great ending.
Overall, the food wasn't really outstanding but the waitstaff were great and kept our drinks filled, plates cleared, and the karaoke machine up to speed with requests.  They definitely helped to make an otherwise very meh dining experience into a great birthday dinner, which is what really counted.  Hopefully, Tai Lake will go back to its original roots, in terms of food quality, but I'm glad to see that its waitstaff hasn't changed and is still as reliable and congenial as ever.  2 stars for food but 4 stars for service si I'll upgrade to 3 stars overall.Love me some good seafood! Perfect for your traditional Chinese family dinner. It's a pretty small space so be prepared to wait a little bit on busy nights! Had crab and lobster and shark fin soup and left feeling extremely satisfied :)You can never go wrong with this restaurant. Tai Lake is my favorite restaurant in Philly Chinatown. Authentic cantonese food is served decently fast and tastes delicious.Hands down one of the best dinners I've had regardless of cuisine.  Scallops, crab and tsing tao covers all the food groups, I think.  A little bit more expensive than other choices in the area, but you cant get fresher seafood than this place.The first time my mother visited Philly, we wound up at Tai Lake multiple times in the course of a few days.  Her second visit was no different as she was there twice in three days.  The lure of the fresh swimming seafood was too much to resist!
Tai Lake is not for the weakly squeamish.  If you can't handle walking past tanks of live animals about to be served on your table, skip it.  If you're scared by heads on shrimp, don't get the Boiled Shrimp (otherwise, get it - delicious!).  We also got a Steamed Fish with Ginger and Scallion, which was just slightly overcooked, but otherwise good.Awesome staff, delicious food, and open later than you have any right being awake until, Tai Lake is a Chinatown staple. I can highly recommend the salt-baked softshell crab and pretty much anything they pull out of their massive seafood tanks in their lobby.This is my usual go to Philly restaurant for Chinese food.  I lived quite close to Chinatown for school and would come here often.
I always order the same 3 things
1)  The fish maw soup with crab meat.  This is definitely the best fish maw soup with crab meat around.  It is absolutely jam packed with fish maw and seasoned to perfection.  It is quite a pricey dish, but always worth it.  I often get this dish at other restaurants as a litmus test, and so far nothing as quite matched up.
2) Grouper with young chives.  I am an avid fisherwoman and avid consumer of fish.  My family loves to cook and eat fish.  Of the species we catch, I think that Tautog (blackfish) is probably the best, with flounder being a possible tie.  Of the species that are store bought only, I think that Chilean sea bass is my favorite (though I understand there are concerns with it's sustainability).  This dish is advertised as Grouper, but honestly it's as rich and delicious as any Chilean sea bass I've ever had.  I've tried to replicate this dish several times with both Chilean sea bass, Tautog, or black sea bass, and I've never had any luck.  This is pretty much the dish I come to this restaurant for.
3) Sizzling black pepper steak.  For a place that's seafood focus, it seems off to choose a beef dish.  This one is always cooked to perfection and exquisitely tender.  I order it as a litmus test as well for most Chinese restaurants and this passes the test with flying colors.Pros: Very wide Seafood selection
Cons: Too many choices
Know before you go:
I'm Chinese and from New York City, and I still do think this place is good. It also annoys me some when people come in and order "fast food" dishes and tells the waiters or chefs that it tastes different. IT IS, it's the real stuff. It's like going to a steakhouse, ordering a burger, and expecting it to taste like Burger King. Save some embarrassment and money and just go to a fast food joint if you're looking for that.
My Critique:
It's a generous fare for seafood served the way you want it - Steamed, Sauteed, and probably even Fried. Enjoy a more exotic approach? They have jellyfish, snails and frog too. I haven't had my pleasure on the frogs however, but maybe someone can comment on that at a later time. Their non seafood dishes are pretty traditional and I enjoyed them each time I went.
Alternatives:
You're in Chinatown, there are LOTS of Chinese Restaurants. I wouldn't limit myself.So the gf's family takes us to their "Go To" Chinese spot.  You walk in and there is a room filled with fresh fish, crab, and all things of the sea.  Only issue is I'm pretty white...I'm a meat and potatoes guy.
We ordered:
Frog Soup - Tasted like chicken with a fish consistency.
Sea Snails - Very good sauce but I have no idea how to judge these things.
Fresh live shrimp - Very sweet and perfect!
Fried Squid - Very good batter...a little thick for my liking but fresh.
While I don't eat much seafood, this place was very fresh and not over the top.  The only thing that failed was the lack of experience on the part of my palette and my parents unwillingness to show me how to eat this stuff.  But I still love them.Tried out Tai Lake Restaurant because it's in Philly's Chinatown.  I couldn't really see Chinatown cuz when we went it was already 7pm in Winter, so I just randomly picked this place after seeing other Chinese people and grandma eating there.
I got a bunch of stuff:
crab fried rice - was ok, huge portion!!  I should have gotten plain white rice - oops.
Beef brisket clay pot - good sauce, beef wasn't tender enough.
Snow pea shoots - tasty!  liked greens.
FREE bean dessert  - meh, not a fan of bean desserts
Bill with 3 dishes & 1 beer $44.70 before tip.  Expensive, but I liked it ok.Food was good as always, I been customer for this restaurant for more than 10 years, we had another good meal in here last night.highly recommended that who looking for a traditional Cantonese cuisine or seafood restaurant.Fantastic place for family-style Chinese seafood. They've got the tablecloth and napkin situation going on, yet doesn't feel like you need to go through the hassle of dressing up. The prices aren't cheap, nor are they too expensive for what you get. This is the place to go for exotic seafood items as well, and the entrance features tanks full of live seafood, a demonstration of how fresh things will end up on your plate.
Everything we've gotten has been mouthwatering good. Stir-fried lobster with ginger and clams stirfried with minced pork were particularly memorable.So where do I start...this place used to be good..good food and services, but lately the service had gone downhill due to the over popularity and being the very few decent Chinese restaurants in Philly Chinatown.  
My family and I have been going there for the past 20yrs.  We know the owner and most of the people that work/worked there, but what happened to us yesterday had made us decide that we will never return to this place ever again.  We went there yesterday to celebrate a family event after we got there we waited for a while to be seated (which is normal).  My mom tried to wave down 3 waiters/waitress and all of them kind of just ignore her (we understanding since this place is always busy) so we sat there and waited for another 20-30 mins before a waitress came by and took our orders.  While we were ordering our food, my Autism nephew (he's 10yrs old) hit his nose on the edge of the table, so he started crying.  We tried our best to comfort him but he won't stop crying and started throwing a tantrum at our table which lasted for a few minutes and we started noticing people from the other tables are staring at us and we know it's our fault that disturbed them, but that is not the reason why we won't return to this place.  The reason that we will not go back is because of the manager, WHICH IS SOMETHING THAT WE DID NOT EXPECT TO HAPPENED, the manager of the restaurant came over and asked my nephew to be quiet (in a very nasty and bad manner) and told us if he doesn't stop we have to leave the restaurant.  
Honestly, we have been going there for the past 20 years and we know these people I was hoping that we will be treated in a different manner or at least check with us or have the courtesy to ask us what happened, but instead the manager kicked us out of the restaurant and while we were leaving the manager ask my mom "does that child have problem?"  If the manager does not welcome people with special needs, then I suggest you put up a sign that says "people with special needs are not welcome" and "kids should not cry at this restaurant"
Last but not least, I want to say thank you Tai Lake for serving us for the past 20 yrs and ruining our family event plus hurting my sister's feeling.Great Chinese restaurant 
Excellent food 
Great service. 
Very fresh ingredients. 
I love it.My favorite Chinese restaurant in Philadelphia. I've eaten here for years. The seafood is great excellent steamed shrimp, although they have been getting smaller in the past couple of years, lobster is awesome, jumbo shrimp with walnuts, fried soft-shell crab is simply amazing, mild clams served with meat crumbs and hot peppers, their soups are excellent, and great service.This place might be a better after hours spot than David Mai La wah. I am a fan of the salt pepper wings at mai la wah but the chinese food at Tai Lake is pretty decent!!
We got the jellyfish, beef ho fun, fish tofu (so good) and some spicy dish (not so good). 
I recommend getting the beef ho fun and fish tofu. 
They stop serving alcohol after 2am.Please don't go here.  The restaurant uses way to much MSG.  The food tasted old like it was made several hours before we arrived.This place is a family favorite, authentic in Cantonese styled dishes for the Chinatown community. 
This isn't a MKee or Ting Wong where you can order a rice or noodle dish for an individual. If you come, make sure to do family style because dishes come fairly large and you'd want to try a variety of dishes! It's best to come with a group of 4 or more be and ready to eat! 
There is free "tong sui", chinese hot dessert drink/soup at the end that changes each night. The owner is super sweet and always gives us extra free quarts if we ask- would definitely not miss out on this if you enjoy sweets! 
Dishes to try:
-black pepper beef steak 
-baked soft shell crab (salt and peppered)
-sautéed clams
-pan fried seafood noodlesThe food is decent. Curry thai chicken could use a bit more curry flavor and less potatoes.READ YOUR BILL BEFORE YOU PAY IT! We ordered a 1.5 pound striped bass at $15 per pound, which is $22.5 in total. They charged us $25.95 instead of $22.5. After I pointed out the wrong price, they changed it to $22.95.Love me some good seafood! Perfect for your traditional Chinese family dinner. It's a pretty small space so be prepared to wait a little bit on busy nights!Was on vacation in Philly and came here on a recommendation from a friend we were staying with. 
Atmosphere: Entrance has aquariums filled with fresh, live sea food of all kinds, good start. Place can be spruced up a bit décor wise, slightly old-fashioned. Waiters were dressed nicely with ties and white shirt and aprons. Cloth napkins and tablecloth was a nice touch along with water glasses that you would find at a banquet hall.  Most of the dinner guests (It was almost a full house of people) were of Asian decent. 
Service: Good. Waiters were slightly curt and very unfriendly, especially when mentioned that our dinner guest is allergic to shellfish (he got a chicken dish, and we got pork fried rice, and we figured it would just be a good idea to mention this to our waiter). She looked at him and in a frustrated and slightly accelerated tone said something along the lines of "You got chicken...how is chicken seafood...there is no seafood in that!" Then our highly allergic friend said "I'm going to die" (Jokingly) to us after she left the table. 
Food: We all got a wonton soup which was great. I got sweet and sour chicken which I liked a lot, my boyfriend got general tso chicken which I also liked but he said he's had better, and our guest got the lemon chicken which I thought was also delicious. The pork fried rice that we all split wasn't totally the best ever, but it was good. 
Price point: For all mentioned above (four dinners, three soups, and two beers) it cost me 70 dollars (tip included). Okay, so I know we didn't get anything authentic, and the food was good, but for the typical Chinese takeout stuff, 60 bucks isn't cheap. I would have been just as happy getting takeout somewhere up the street for 10-20 bucks less.I been going here since I was a kid. There's usually someone that greets you but sometimes the service sucks. 
The food is good quality and if you love seafood then I suggest coming here. I never had a bad experience with food here before. Also there's fish tanks by the entrance with all types of seafood. So if you feel uncomfortable with the site of that then don't look to your right when coming in lol
I ordered the lobster ginger scallions
Snowpea leaf
Crispy chicken with garlic 
Shrimp lomein
Usually oranges and some type of warm sweet red bean or tapioca dessert is served. That night I got the red bean dessert which is supposed to be served hot was luke warmGood neighborhood spot. You can't go wrong with the mains, just ask your server what's good and they'll put you in a great spot. Service is spot on too. Everyone is no nice, and it doesn't matter if it's your first time or 10th time. 
The restaurant could use a makeover though. It's super 80s in there. Which is cool if that was the design, but not so much here. It's clean enough but a makeover is overdue. Bring it to the 90s baby!
But don't get it twisted, the food is contemporary to the 9s. If you have an advanced belly you can get jelly fish or squab here. You can get any protein "salt & pepper" style to make it more approachable. The food is good, portion sizes are fair, and the service is consistently positive. 
If you live in the area you need to make this place a regular spot. 
To broaden your horizons...Tai Lake is a lake that was created by a Meteor. Through a series of overflowing rivers the crater that the meteor created was filled with the water we see today continuously. 
Having said that, this is still Guandong(Canton) style food, and not Zhejiang style as the name could fool you in to believing. Nevertheless, the dishes are plentiful and amazingly fresh. You have your usual fare of spinach, duck, mayo shrimp, fish, and so forth. But my recommendation is to go for the fresh seafood that you can see as you enter the restaurant, and pick the jumping shrimps in particular. If seafood isn't up your alley I'd recommend the goat claypot, just amazing the dip that comes with it and the O face you'll have when biting in to it.
However, what gives this place the ultimate respect? NO ALCOHOLIC BEVERAGES ABOVE 5 DOLLARS!!!! I wish I could  bold, underline, color code, and maximize those words. The entire drink menu is probably the best I've seen anywhere, and no its not happy hour prices its is what it is. Henie and Tsing are 2.75 and domestics are under 2.00. Scotchs are 4.50 and there is a ton of other cocktail drinks which I usually don't touch at 4.50 as well! 
So lets comb our hair, straighten our tie, lower that skirt, and polish those shoes. Because at the end of an adventure at Tai Lake, the hair will be messy, tie will be loose, skirt will be hiked up, and shoes will be covered in alcohol! Hangover... here...we...go....We have had mixed visits.
Tonight was just mediocre.
Pan fried dumplings were over cooker outside and lukewarm inside.