One of the best places I've dined in a long time. Even during the lunch rush hour on a Wednesday, staff remained fast, friendly, and the place never got overwhelmingly full. The communal tables weren't that bad, even though you can hear couples fighting across the way from you. One other patron judged us for indulging in an AWESOME cheese board, mini shepherd's pie, large latte, and lavender polenta cake at 11:30 a.m with a "that's a lot of food." Only bad part. Also, screw you man (jealous I think). 
The server (man with Newsies hat and forearm tattoo) was so nice and explained every cheese curated for us on the board as well as suggested accompaniments. He handcrafted it with care and it was much-appreciated. Each one was better than the last! I could spend all day reading, talking, and enjoying this lovely place. 
My favorite part of my visit to Philadelphia. Thank you all!!Visiting from out of state and fell madly in love with their iced peach chai latte.  I don't even like chai usually but I love peach and it was hotter than blazes out.  It was so mild and refreshing that I went back five times in two days!  Heading back there this summer on our way through just so I can have it again... hopefully it's on the menu still!  Did t sample any food but it all looked clean and we will likely take some to go for our road trip.This review is for the "Secret Supper" at Talula's Daily, which is a set tasting menu of six courses for $55.  
The menu changes each month- and the courses are served family style (with the exception of the entree which came on individual plates).  Our menu for February consisted of warm jalapeno cornbread with honey butter, which were melt in your mouth delicious; a small dish of mussels served with toasted croutons in a broth flavored with lime leaves (the bowl of mussels was a little awkward for sharing among four people- who gets to drink the broth that remains after the mussels are gone..?), a cheesy cauliflower casserole, tender glazed spare ribs, a cheese course and to end it all deliciously a plate of hot chocolate donuts with vanilla cream!
The food was awesome, expertly prepared and attractively presented by the chef in the open kitchen.  Service was attentive and our waitress explained each course and was knowledgeable about the various wines. An optional wine pairing is available for the meal, but we just ordered by the glass.
What I think I loved the most about this restaurant was how pleasant the atmosphere was, the tables are not on right top of each other, the room was quiet enough for conversation and to hear the soft jazz music playing in the background, the room was candelit, and overall it felt very comfortable and relaxed, with a casual elegance. 
I would highly recommend the Secret Supper and the memory of this meal will stay with me a long time!Let's put price aside for a moment... Talula's table is a great addition--and lunch option--in Wash West. The good: the prepared foods, like Mac-n-cheese and roast pork sammie, to pre-packaged sandwiches, salads, dips are delish, there are lots of great options, and it's adorable. The bad: lines can be long, this is often a place for ladies who lunch and ill-mannered children, and it's not very big so if it's nice head across the street to Washington square instead. The ugly: prices are pretty outrageous for what it is. $12 for Mac-n-cheese, $9 for a half a pork sandwich, and cheeses are very high-priced. But I guess if I don't want to pay so much I don't have to go there. Hence 4 stars... Overall is a great local lunch and take out spot with high quality food, bacon ($1 a piece - enjoy while in line), mushroom 'crack'  dip to die for, and beer for all.This was our third secret supper dinner and Talula's Daily came thru with flying colors once again.  We have a group of 5 each time and we all thoroughly enjoy the entire evening.  I recommend the wine pairing. This was the second time we went with it and it was very well done. The description of the paired wine and cuisine is impeccable.  The set menu always has an optional course, get it.  We have always loved it. From delicate french inspired to traditional with a flare american the cuisine and experience is excellent.  Thank you Talula's we will be back once again.Made reservations for the supper club on fourth if July weekend with a friend and can say that this was the best meal I've ever had in Philadelphia. Every one of the five courses was inventive and perfectly cooked. The flower lot bread baked right into a clay flower pot was surprisingly one of the best things about it! I also loved the meaty swordfish kabobs with peach salsa. Not to mention the market was decorated in full anthropology decor and was so cute! We walked out very full and could not stop talking about how amazing the whole experience was. Giving it 5 stars because food, service and atmosphere were all perfect- definitely check it out!Love the food .. healthy and house made. The ambiance is out of one of my dreams. The baristas are friendly and helpful. Expensive. I asked for a cup of soy milk to have with my zucchini bread, you know maybe just 12oz's would do. I think I paid $5 for it *cringe*. It's okay. It was delicious and worth it. But I'll have to save up next time. Lol. Love ya Talula's daily.This place needs an honest review. Obviously, it is beautiful and the ideas are all good but the execution is sadly not.
I went in the third day it was open and ordered a grilled cheese.  I had time to spare, so I sat down and waited, and waited, and 25 minutes later an employee asked if I was waiting for something.  And then 12 minutes later my grilled cheese arrived -- burnt toast and everything.  It was (besides the burnt-ness) a delicious grilled cheese, but it took 35 minutes.
Went back yesterday since I was there one its first days and wanted to try again.  I ordered a frittata as did my friend.  They asked if I wanted it warmed (um, yes) and they whisked them away.  18 minutes later, they arrived at our table and were plunked on the table.  Which one's which? I asked. The employee did not know. That's fine, that's fine. We take our first bite...honestly, not warm at all. I am really not pushy at restaurants because I get it, I've worked in restaurants too, it's not easy! But when you are charging $7 for that grilled chesese, etc. everything from start to finish should be great.I am ... in Love.  Philly Love...that's what they call it?
This is the perfect cafe that has outside seating, without the hustle and bustle of cars driving by and wafting dust in your face.  You actually look into the park, rather than another old building.  This cafe serves a variety of organic coffees, wine (their house boxed...yes boxed..wine..is fantastic!), cheeses, snacks, deli options and even a dinner setting.  
If I had to choose to work remotely, I would choose this little knook.  Outside seating at Taluluas or indoors on their cocktail tables.  
Must tries:
Iced Coffee
Cappuccino
Cheese Board 
Salami
Deli options 
Cookie (free from yelp checkin!)
House white wine
I hear you can order cocktails from Talula's garden, but I'm so happy w/ the offerings here.  
The service is great and don't forget the coffee punch card!  Just the absolute perfect setting and likely more affordable pricing than Talula's Garden.Many legitimate complaints about wait times and food sitting out and not freshly made....for the prices, I agree. Given that there's not much else near by to grab and go, I suppose they can up charge for the convenience and locally sourced foods.
I also think the service has been at least friendly and attentive if. It lightening quick. I'll give them a chance to work out the kinks.
I recommend that you at least come here, but come in the nice weather, on a weekend, and get yourself a nice spiked coffee....which you can't getting any other cafe that isn't a straight up bar...and then sit outside and look out over beautiful Washington Square Park. Try a pastry with it. If you're looking for daily lunch every day on your lunch break, well, you may have to wait for Talula to figure out that the coffee is the only thing you can afford to get here every day.Great food and great atmosphere!  worth a visit if youre ever in philly. Went here for brunch. Enjoyed the yogurt parfait and carrot juice and coffee. My date had an egg dish with potatoes. All deliciousIn the main it was a good experience for our four guests.  However a soft shell crab appetizer was the special as an appetizer. Asked about its size and cost and told two for $22. We got one.  Very disappointed given we asked and the answer was it's about weight. Really - it was a small crab for $22?We went with a group of friends on July 4th to have lunch after we watched the philly parade and were surprised by how unorganized the place was. One of the guys at the counter who put the food on plates and processed payments didn't have any patience for customers to decide what they wanted, and kept banging stuff on the counter and rolling his eyes, acting overwhelmed. The food was ok, it arrived at our table cold and we had to ask them to reheat it. The interior is nice and I would have gone back with friends if they had a better attitude.I don't get the hype.  It's confusing, overpriced, however CLEAN!  The location is ideal.  I believe it's another 'emperor's new clothes' syndrome place.Talula's Daily is neato. 
They have witty names for specialty coffee drinks, incredibly tasty granola and baked goods, and a seating arrangement that is only bad when it gets too crowded. (ahem, lunch.) The staff is very nice and prompt. I'm looking forward to trying their Supper Club sometime soon... which everyone seems to just rave about. Highly recommend.I had the Nashville hazelnut latte which the barista recommended. She described it as drinking Nutella and it was pretty good but a place like Spencer's Confectionery in Old City is really the place to go for decadent dessert drinks. That being said if you're in Washington Square and looking for an alternative to the usual Starbucks this is a pretty good place.Went for dinner. Vibe is Berkeley food store. Set five-course menu, changes monthly. On our visit: a bean dip starter, a smoked trout salad, a bowl of chicken and dumplings (which smelled fabulous but was the weakest dish), a cheese plate, a board of miniature desserts, and granola to take home. The standout, though, was not even on the menu: a brioche cooked in a flower pot, buttered and salted; just wonderful.Kind of expensive, but delicious and fresh food. Good vegetarian options. Loved the broccoli Mac & cheese, cauliflower salad, and white chocolate chip cranberry scone.The decor was immediately captivating and warm with a contemporary chic tone and by chance we were the only table at that time dining. We reviewed the wine menu and weren't all in agreement so the server offered us the full selection from next door at Talula's Garden. The California Zinfindel was the perfect choice for the pre-set appetizer of Crispy Duck Kataifi with Date Sauce. Wow, what a great first course. It was followed by a autumnal soup of three winter squashes with apple garnish just perfect for a chilly November night. The Trout Rockefeller entree was exceptional and set the meal off as one of the best we'd had this year. The servings were very generous so by the time we were served the cheese selections, we were limited to lazy nibbling. Oh, there's more? Yes! A cheerful plate of enchanting cookies which included macarons and several other delicious varieties. Atlanta may be my home, but Talula's has my heart.Really warm and inviting spot to grab some coffee and something sweet.  The Charleston (sated caramel latte) was pretty good but I was secretly wishing for some fun art with the foam...no such luck.  The oatmeal raisin cookie was good and not overly sweet or buttery.Have you ever been hanging out with a friend and their younger sibling and realize you like the sibling more? No? Well, after having a decadent dinner at the fancy sister restaurant Talula's Garden the night before, I knew it would be necessary to go to the casual Talula's Daily. 
My mom and I split the maple scone, the chocolate chip cookie, the blueberry muffin, and an egg and cheese breakfast sandwich. We feasted on our snacks, stuffing them into our mouthes like savages. The eggs were magically cooked into the bread that was perfectly baked. My mom insisted on stealing the recipe from the cute and super nice chef behind the counter #blessed. Those damn desserts were all demolished within the hour. 
Everything about this place was homey and perfect. It is kid friendly and has a very down-to-earth vibe. The mismatched plates and large wooden communal table only added to this majestical cafe.
You need to go here if you're in Philly.Great beverages and delicious pastries/food. Service is usually friendly. Terrific decor and one of my favorite places to visit; superior to other nearby cafe options.Lovely ambiance: big, bright and cozy. The quality of the food is the best I can imagine. The coffee is great too. Loved it!!I decided to go for a nice morning brunch this previous weekend and had read some great reviews on here about Talula's Daily, so I decided to stop in.
First of all, the ambience of this establishment is fantastic. I had a beautiful corner table in the outside garden. It was very elegant and quaint. The ivy on the fence was well manicured and added to the scenery. The table allowed an excellent view of the park across the street.
The service was excellent. Very attentive to the my needs and made sure that I was happy with my meal. Speaking of which...
The food was excellent. I had the pear pancakes, doughnuts, and the salmon with eggs and potatoes. Superior quality that was a different than your typically morning breakfast or brunch. Excellent amount of flavor, filling, with just the right amount of food and garnish.
I would gladly dine here again. Thank you for the excellent experience.Good food and exceptionnal service. Maybe too expensive if you take into account the "find yourself a place" policy there."It all starts with the bread," my wife always says, and Talula's started out with a bang, not a whimper - the  bread was warm and moist like a donut and very very good. The Hitchhiker - a Mojito with Pear - was really nice, they have a nice wine list.
We ate at the bar - 3 appetizers and a few sides. The grits were our favorite - light, a little sweet - great. The Duck Duo was very good, and for dessert we have the donuts, which were filed with ricotta cheese. Those were the 3 standouts. We also had the frisée salad, cucumber side, and one of the pasta dishes. These were all good, but not outstanding. 
The service at the bar was perfect. Knowledgable, helpful, and times everything perfectly. 
Talula's is definitely a place to go in Philly!Took my friend here for her birthday brunch. Food was amazing. Love the fact that they have local fresh food. The atmosphere is cosy. Staff was friendly.Super adorable place where I wish I can come to grab coffee and food daily!!
Great hidden gem, you can easily just walk by without realizing what it is or the awesome food they have here!  It's a grab and go type place where you can also have the option to eat there.  They have a small kitchen if you need to heat up food but not used for ordering on the spot.
They have a wonderful selection of cheeses (my favorite!), cured meats, salads, sandwiches and other random snacks.  They ask have coffee (jackpot) so what's not to love about Tulula's Daily?!  I'd love to try their supper club, if the daily food is yummy can't wait to check out their special dinners!I've been here twice for Secret Supper Club and I LOVE it! Both times (November and March) there were things on the menu I wouldn't normally order from a full menu. Thank goodness it wasn't a huge menu because I've loved everything!Cute,cozy and now I am not forced to meet business associates with offices nearby at Starbucks! Love this place...I'm not too used to places that offer small plates, but don't let the appearance fool you! The food can actually fill you up a bit, all of which are very delicious! The outdoor area is also a great place to eat, with great garden decor. The staff are all very helpful and nice. This place can get pretty busy, we even saw the the bar was extremely full. But it was during happy hour times ( I think?) and pretty much dinner time on a weekend. There's two separate areas of Talula's, so it's best to ask the people in the front which one you should enter! I got confused at first and asked a valet person.Great quick sandwich grab and we loved the free cookie for checking in!! The cheese plate was delish and we took home a ham and Brie threw it in the toaster and it was a great late lunch. We'll be back-Great selection of gourmet sandwiches and sides. I had a pear and pepper jack grilled cheese with sides of roasted pesto carrots and roasted cauliflower quinoa salad (both served warm since we ate there). The carrots were amazing!What a cute gem in Washington Square! Such a great place to meet a friend for a casual bite. I highly recommend the quiche, big enough to share! There can be a wait, but if you go during a non busy hour it's the perfect casual setting.We had an unfortunate experience with some very rude customers, but the manager, Chelsea, handled it with diplomatic aplomb. This a great place - cozy, wonderful coffee, excellent food, and very friendly staff.Talula's Daily is a great addition to the neighborhood. I can't spend 12-15 dollars on lunch everyday but, it is a great option for those days I forget my lunch at home. The salads are fresh and I adore the carrot cake. 
The only problem thus far is checking out during lunch time. I almost spent half of my lunch time waiting to check out while they attentively cared for each customers purchase. I know that it is not Wawa but I don't think one should spend more time checking out for their food than it probably took to prepare it. . There is a cash register on the upper level but it is really difficult to have a lot of people lined up there as it may block the delicious assortment of sandwiches and salads.  
Either way, I love this spot and the BF does too!Check in here on Yelp - they give you a free (delicious) cookie with your check in! I had the Austin, a lavender green tea, with my cookie. Both were awesome and made having to wait for a friend a much more pleasant experience.A nice place for a pit stop during a day of visiting Philadelphia.
It's adorable...and the cheese selection is amazing.
I tried a sample of cheese with lavender & ground espresso...it was surprisingly delicious.The scones here are amazing. Especially the blueberry ones. They tend to sell out early, so grab one if you can! The coffee is good, with a variety of drinks that change seasonally so there's generally something new to try. Free wifi, nice decor. Also, I enjoyed their ham and Brie sandwich, and their warm sandwiches of the day. All in all, a great little cafe.We've come here twice for the supper club, and both experiences were fantastic. 
Normally my main (and possibly only) concern is the food. So for me to say that the vibes are a standout feature here really means something. Relaxed, peaceful, cozy. I'm not sure exactly how I would categorize. Upscale-chill, perhaps? Bougie in a good way?
The food and drinks are excellent. The menus were tasty, inventive, and perfectly portioned. Highly recommend checking this place out.I come here for the coffee and cookies, and they are delicious. I've had both their brewed coffee and their cappuccino, and I really like both. When you check in on Yelp, you get a free cookie, so I've tried the chocolate chip and the mudslide. Both are good, but they are so rich. It's almost hard to finish the cookies, but I always power through. There is a decent amount of seating, and I have come here to study for a couple hours in the past without be hassled about staying too long. The staff here are also very friendly, and they'll bring your coffee and treats to you if you like.This spot is for travelling foodies who are on the hunt for farm to kitchen table kind of spot. It is tucked away in Washington Square, a short walk from Independence Hall.
The place is hard to label as a café and bakery,  because as you look around, it's a wine and cheese shop,  a lunch bistro, and add a secret supper club 6 night a week. House made bake goods. Four beers on tap (growlers avail),  a cooler filled with wine. Cheeses galore, freshly made salad and sandwiches OMG... It's food heaven here.
My husband and I had yummy frittata, breakfast sandwich, croissant and coffee. Talula's did not disappoint and save us from another cheesy steak sammi.Went to Talula's Daily last night for the Monthly Supper. Must say I was very impressed with everything. The food was excellent, the service was top notch, and the whole ambiance of the place was very enjoyable. Talula's Daily is a grab-n-go eatery by day, and a pre-fixe restaurant dinner by night. For $55/person, you get a decent amount of food. We also opted for the beverage pairing, which went very well with each course. 
The stuffed Quail and the Fried Apple Donuts were my two favorite dishes. The donuts were warm and pillow soft. I could of eaten like 100 of them. 
Talula's Daily is definitely worth a try.I had the coffee and the Greek salad w/ chicken added to it. Beat choice ever! The huge blocks of feta and chicken were so yummy and the red wine vinaigrette was perfect with the olives as the romaine and peppery arugula, so yum! My entire meal was around $14, which was reasonable considering your in CC having lunch. Also, I'm GF and the staff were super nice and very accommodating. Would I come back? YES YES YES for lunch and next time to get cheese and chartchuries.Never a bad experience or meal here. Love the atmosphere, customer service, and overall options. The pre-made meals and to-go options are always appealing and satisfying. One of the best stops in Wash West!Wow.  The variety and quality of Talula's bakery, delicatessen, and grocery is astounding.  The establishment offers a quaint, refreshing ambience along beautiful Washington Square park.  A wonderful destination for breakfast, lunch, or treats in between.  
A check-in here gets you a free cookie, so you have no excuse not to stop by.  My choice indulgence was mudslide: chocolate batter, chocolate chunks, and walnuts.  It is a brownie in cookie form.  I gave my friends tastes of it when I got home, and they walked there today for their own.
The salads in the to-go case are divine, featuring tempeh, edamame, chunks of delicious white chicken, quinoa, and more.  Mushroom mac-and-cheese and other good dairy treats.  Lots of gourmet groceries, well-suited for gifts.Just stopped in for a quick bite to eat and had their delicious soba noodle salad. Loved sitting outside next to the park and can't forget to mention that their desserts rock (tried the lemon bundt cake!). I will definitely be back soon.Came here at night for a special birthday dinner when the place transforms into a "supper club". The menu is seasonal prix fixe and rotates each month. Amazing food and service!Went for the chef's special dinner and it was delicious. Definitely would recommend the wine pairing with the meal. Plan on going back soon so will update my post and provide pics after that meal.
Returned for the August Chef's Special Dinner and it was amazing. This month's menu included fried zucchini with zucchini blossoms, a fantastic tomatoe and plumb salad, shrimp and grits, a cheese platter, and deconstructed s'mores for dessert.I really enjoy Talula's Daily every time I come here!
I absolutely adore the idea of a tasting menu.   It forces me to try new things and just enjoy what is in front of me.  At $55 per person I only come here every so often, but it is certainly more than worth the money...and if you think about it a pretty good deal!! (5 courses for 55, is only a little over $10 per course).  It is a 5 course meal (plus some extras that they always provide, such as bread and a take home after dessert (last time I went it was a homemade granola...SO GOOD!).
I have been here about 4 times and each time was different (they change the menu every month) and delicious!  The servers are always really attentive and great at pairing wines or beers with what you are eating.  Keep In mind that the bill can get pretty high when adding alcohol to your meal.  
The ambiance is great too.  Homey but sophisticated.  Not stuffy at all, It makes you feel great about being there and even more excited about what you are going to eat!
You get a good amount of food for what you pay.  I  am so full every time I leave here, but I am so satisfied with everything and I enjoy it so much, it is so worth that stuffed feeling when I go home.
If you have not been here, check out their website and book a table as soon as you can...such good food and a fantastic dining experience! Personally, I can't wait to go back!The staff was condescending not good for a daily, the choice of food was limited. I ordered a risotto and some dessert. The risotto was too creamy not al dente enough and not salted. Not worth the price I paid for.We decided on Talula's Daily Secret Supper Club for our last Saturday evening dinner in Philly. We have always wanted to try Talula's Table and love Talula's Garden, so we decided that this would be a special treat. While the meal was very good, it wasn't great. I don't think I'd rush back. Our server was nice, but a bit odd and awkward. He also seemed to forget about us at the beginning - it took longer than we are used to to get water, and then he didn't come back for quite a bit to take our drink orders. The food itself was very good, but the only dish that blew us away was the 4th course (swordfish with grilled peaches and swordfish belly - aka swordfish bacon). We enjoyed a bottle of white wine with our meal. Our bill for two + a bottle of wine was $200. There was also a bachelorette party there when we were there and it made for a loud, slightly obnoxious experience. I didn't find the food or experience any better than restaurants at a slightly lower price point. Maybe we would have felt differently if we didn't spend much of our meal annoyed at our server.We loved the food on the April menu. Standouts were ricotta and bread (best ricotta ever eaten in my life- period), morel ravioli which was tangy and delish, fried greens and fiddleheads were also good as was the chicken. The mint ice cream dessert was again, the best mint ice cream we had ever tasted. 
Cons of the place are that the wine and coffee are overpriced - 5 dollars for regular coffee?! 13 dollars for a small glass of pretty standard wine?!
I'm taking one star away for being overpriced with drinks.
The staff is also super sweet here as is the decor.
All in all, I actually had a better experience than I did with my first time at Talulas garden. 
So glad I found this place!!Don't understand all the hype. Expensive, average-tasting uninspired sandwiches. Baked good were good but also pricey. Staff was polite and efficient. 
I just don't understand what people rave about. 
The Market at Hopkinson House makes better sandwiches. I suppose all the rich people who live in the nearby condos have the wool pulled over their eyes. Fancy presentation/store must =good. LolThe service at this restaurant ruined my experience. A friend and I had planned a night out here for their supper club but when we arrived we were shuffled between the two locations without anyone checking out reservation properly. Finally, when the staff bothered to look up our actual reservation they took 20 minutes to seat us and were plainly rude and unapologetic about us having to wait despite having made a reservation. They balked at us asking to have half glasses of wine to plan wine varieties with the menu items and when they finally sat us the table had been empty the entire time. The food was mediocre and did not make up for the rude service we experienced at the beginning of the evening. Though, they did bring us mini donuts as a consolation.Excellent farm to table bakery/cafe with one of the most creative coffee menus in Philadelphia. They also have a fresh deli by the cafe serving sandwiches and other quick eats. Can't speak for food but I loved the Sangli - turmeric latte. You'll find a New Orleans inspired cup of coffee in the form of bourbon latte, Vietnamese coffee called Saigon etc. If you are by Washington Square, I would definitely recommend a quick stop at this delightful placeCustomer service at this cafe is severely lacking. Despite the fact that we arrived first, ordered and sat down, when another larger party arrived the manager came to our table and forced us to move. This is not because there weren't any other seats available, and this is despite the fact that there were several other open group seating available. There was also another small group seated at a larger tables right next to us. Just because a customer does not want to sit in a group seating situation it's not ok to force another customer to move. It's a little unclear to me why they targeted us to move and were very forceful regarding their recommendations, perhaps it's because they thought it would be easy to convince two Asian girls...This has never happened before to me at any other restaurant. Very disappointing.Talula's Daily is a nice and casual outpost of the next-door Talula's Garden and the Kennett Square original, built for take-out gourmet lunches and dinner fixings. They have a large, airy layout which is amenable to lingering over a deliciously made matcha latte and a three-bite flourless chocolate torte dessert while chatting with a good friend.
Prices are obviously in line with the high quality artisanal goods they have on the shelves, but the coffee and beer seems reasonably priced and I'm excited to come back for their supper table soon.
The staff at the coffee bar do tend to linger over each customer's purchase, and they can be forgetful whilst hopping between the desserts and the coffee machines -- but otherwise friendly and apologetic for the wait.
Great addition to the Washington Square neighbourhood!Order something special, pick up a hunk of cheese, eat in, take it to the park..whatever happens, you will be happy.  I stopped in while on jury duty, it killed the pain of waiting waiting waiting.  Totally charming.Nice scone. Great beverages. The female servers were sweet and made our latte and tea perfect.  The guy was not that friendly.We stopped here for a snack (iced tea and cookies) after getting our tickets for Independence Hall, having time to burn. The place was so comfortable and cookies so delicious we came back for lunch. Very friendly staff, but service at the food counter was a bit too relaxed for five stars -- I was afraid my parking time would expire before the sandwiches got heated.Originally made reservation to Talula's Kitchen for birthday brunch but my husband and I found ourselves still stuffed from dinner the night prior. Instead we stopped in next door at Talula's Daily for our morning caffeine fix. 
Without any hesitations,  I immediately went with their "Austin" which was a lavender green tea latte from their specialty drink menu. My husband  struggled between the salted caramel and their "Nashville" which was an hazelnut latte. For once he was the indecisive one but ultimately went with their hazelnut. 
Both drinks were beyond delicious - perfectly sweetened. I loved the balance of lavender and green tea  where one didn't overpower the other. My husband downed his drink in no time. And thanks to yelp check in, we each received a free home made cookie of our choice - I went with their chocolate chip and my husband went with their peanut butter - both went perfectly with our drinks! 
Staffs were extremely friendly and welcoming. Talula's Daily felt like home!  I wish I was in Philly for one more night to experience their Supper Club. Will definitely return if I ever find myself in Philly!Love it here. If you're a fan of a good cheese board, this is the place. $20 for an amazing board perfect for 2-4 people. You can not beat it, sitting outside overlooking Washington Square!Absolutely loved this unique cafe.  The website's description of their food/experience was very accurate, and the food was incredibly fresh.  I had a terrible time deciding because everything looked so great. I'll definitely be back for their shared dinner experience. Highly recommend!Come here for the Secret Supper club for dinner. They post the menu online and just book a reservation for dinner. Definitely get the wine pairing to enjoy with the amazing food. The price is very affordable for such high quality food.
Such a unique atmosphere: exclusive dining at about 6 tables in the middle of their store when it's closed in the evening. Really great service too!I ordered the egg cheese and bacon breakfast sandwich and I can easily say it was the best breakfast sandwich I've ever had. The egg was slow cooked and light and buttery, the bacon thick and savory, and the bread crisp on the outside and soft on the inside (like they say in Ratatouille, you can hear the bread!). Definitely would come back and order this again :).Everything is fresh... plenty of great options no matter what you're craving. If you get a salad, bring it to the kitchen and they will toss it for you. Can't go wrong here!This was our first stop after arriving to Philly.  I have been visiting this city for many years but this was the first time I actually seeked out a good coffee place.  I'm glad we found Talula's!  There are two stations, one with coffee and another with food you can order.  The Yelp check-in offer includes a free cookie with purchase so I ordered a chai latte (made with soy milk) and a white chocolate cranberry cookie.
The latte was on point.  I can easily say it's one of the best I ever had.  My friend pointed out they use a really great coffee brand (the name is failing me at the moment) so that probably contributed to how good all our drinks were.  The cookie was very soft and tasty.  The staff is extremely friendly and the seating area looks like someone's rustic kitchen.This is a good spot directly across the street from Washington Square.  Very comfortable location with outside seating- very handy during the warm days.  They have a good selection of coffee and tea inside for reasonable prices.   The food on the other hand, is tasty, but a tad on the expensive side.  Luckily you can get a good portion of something for a decent price.  Perfect location if you are trying to study outside.This review is for the Secret Supper Club.  My wife and visited on a Sunday evening in June, and it was one of the best meals we've had in Philly.  The service was top notch, the beverage pairings went well with each of the 4 courses (there's no pairing for the dessert course), and the casual refined ambiance was very enjoyable.  The food itself was fantastic.  Each dish had complex layers of flavor that were well balanced and delightful, without being too heavy or heavy-handed.  It was almost a perfect meal.
I think the meal experience might differ based on the month (we chose to go in June because each of the 5 courses sounded good), but as long as most of the dishes sound intriguing to you, I heartily recommend that you give it a try.  It seems expensive, but I think that you actually get the quality you pay for.One of the greatest local cafes in town. Was so impressed by the spread of options and love that everything is local organic. I feel good eating the food and supporting the local business.
I got the tomato soup which was incredible! Will be back.Went last night for the April menu. The spring chicken was the best I have ever eaten. Each of the 5 courses had a unique flavor and I would recommend this place to everyone. Will definitely go back in May for the new menu.Their cheese board was absolutely fantastic. They make some delicious fresh sandwiches. We had a tomato and bacon sandwich which was absolutely delicious. Highly recommend people to try it out.One of the most magical places in washington square.
A place that serves all of my favorite beverages ( coffee and wine) , fresh baked goods on the cutest anthro table settings. GIANT HEARTS(insert emoji).
This review is based on two encounters once for a lady date with wine and cheese and the other for the secret supper club. 
I met one of my favorite lady pals here a few months  back and we did what we always do... share a cheese board and gossip over glasses of wine. The cheese board was the perfect size  and came along with a few house made accompniments including a TDF quince like paste. The monger asked us our cheese preferences and we both agreed we could do without any blues. The board that came out was pure magic and he even threw in a few slices of a house cured chrozio like sausage. It was a decent size board for two to share and they have boards to fit any size group priced up to 35-40.00. My only  gripe about my afternoon here is the very small and pricey wine list. A few blocks west and a few blocks south one could visit a well known wine bar with alot more options and a better price range for wine. i will pay for delocious grapes in a glass but my sav blanc here rang in at 11.00 and to me its tasted more like an 8.50 glass if that. The seating situation is intense and forces you to be a friendly philadelphian ( even if deep down you hate everyone) Get there at the open of the doors or stroll in after 1:30 or you will be fighting that old couple thats seated at a 4 top instead of  two top for a seat.  My afternoon delight here left me with a four star impression.
I'm always a fan of group dinners and tend to stick with a crew who's down to spend a few shekels more for a great meal. From start to finish the supper club was beyond five start right away. We had a few dietary restrictions at the table , but our server Erin quickly diffused any bombs and the delicious food followed shortly after. 5 courses of well prepared food came out over the course of 3 hours. First the bean dip split between table sections with amazing crackers and warm bread. The salted flour pot bread that came out shortly after made me want to cry it was so good. Our next course was a smoked trout salad again fresh and light prepared and presented so well . The chicken and dumplings ( or extra dumplings for me ) was hearty and filling and the dumplings were so good . Our fourth course was a mountain cheese board and featured La Tur which is pretty much the most amazing cheese that will ever hit your lips. All the accompaniments were prepared in house and the local honey was a nice added touch. Dessert left us all speechless . A mini smorgasbord of decadence. Chocolate chip cookie sandwiches filled with ice cream and rolled in bacon = #sydi and love every bite . Our board also featured a orange scented Madeline , flour less molten chocolate cake and a pine nut square that made me drool.
Service from Erin was spot on. Our group got a little rowdy once the restaurant started clearing out and most peoples beverage pairings were down to drink 4 and 5 .
I will most definitely be back. Did I mention the house made granola parting gift that made the perfect morning snack the day.
Pro tip- so Sunday supper with up to 12 of your foodie friends . Email or mark your reso with any dietary restrictions.
Do the optional beverage pairing it's so worth it . Or split a bottle of wine.Food was decent, but it took us 40+ minutes to get our car from the valet (while we were waiting in the freezing cold). You guys need to figure out a better system - this really leaves a bad taste in your mouth no matter how good the meal.Great service, great food and great ambiance. 
If you are cheese lover, Tulula's Daily has a cheesemonger who will set you up with an amazing array of treats picked based on your pallet. That alone was worth it for me.We held a milestone birthday party for my husband at Talula's Daily, renting out the cafe for a Saturday evening.  We could not have been happier -- working with the staff in the preparations and with the evening itself.  The food was outstanding (of course!), the service was excellent, and the staff were a delight to work with.  The the entire team was accommodating, helpful, professional and super nice.  Really highly recommend Talula's Daily for a special event!Talula's Daily is just the cutest little cafe on Washington Square. It's always busy at lunchtime but there are a ton of options for dining. 
On the main level, there is a coffee bar with fresh pastries (check in on yelp and get a free cookie! It's worth it!). If you head up a couple steps, there is indoor family style seating and you can order from a menu or pick up pre-made sandwiches and salads. They also have a counter where you can order (and usually taste test) a variety of cheeses as well as salads, pasta salads, entrees, sides and more. It's a great option for takeout if you need to get back to the office or want to enjoy your lunch in the park. They have a couple high top tables in the cafe on the main level as well as a few two-tops outside on the sidewalk, but they fill up fast! 
And, if you're dining in, they have a variety of wine and cold beer. Not to mention, everyone who works there is always so friendly! It's a little pricey ($12 for a pre-made salad) but definitely worth checking out for lunch if you're in the area.Good place for a simple light meal.  We came here for lunch as a party of 5 and one baby in stroller. There was enough tables to accommodate us and environment is casual so easy to bring the baby.  We ordered food to be heated and picked out salad and sandwiches from the frig section. Enough selection to satisfy everyone and food was good. Also really enjoyed the desserts, carrot cake and cookies.  Yum!Ok, this place is part of the Talula's restaurant dynasty.....ok, that's what I call it because they are simply wonderful. I could literally come to this place everyday but my bank account will not allow me to do so. 
I cannot rave about how much I love this place from the location, to the decor, the food, the staff, the quality, the fresh ingredients to everything that is classy. I've had coffees, lattes, pastries, soup, salad, sandwiches, panini's, mushroom risotto, any many other items. Each of these items were prepared with the freshest ingredients and precision. I enjoy every visit and sitting outside during the spring with the view of Washington Square Park is priceless!Very few options for vegetarians or folks who just like healthy vegetable choices.
Actually it's a little shocking that an upscale place like this would not be more accommodating to the way health-conscious people like to eat.Went here for my bday dinner...no words, just go! The tasting menu was fantastic, not to mention they were really accommodating to my vegetarian preferences. We already made another reservation to go back! I lived the atmosphere here, laid back, like you are sitting in a friend's kitchen. Check the menu of the month before going to make sure you like it. I.e. May is shellfish month and since my friend is allergic, we avoided those dates! I thought the drink pairings were fine though depending on the drinks, I may not do them next time. Try this place, you will definitely want to go back !This is THE spot for a cup of Joe and a light breakfast whenever you're in Old City or Society Hill. Place has a laid back, homey, farm-to-table style vibe with plenty of room to stretch out or people watch from the tables overlook mg Washington Square.We were intrigued by the raving reviews about this place. And loving Talula's Garden always were preferring her over the Cafe's supper club. But this time we did try this version of "Talula's dining", and now we know why we still would prefer going to the Garden.
I can't say it was a bad experience, on the opposite, it was quite a good one, but unfortunately not comparable with the level of creativity and sophistication that their main restaurant is offering. And the ambiance is also a factor that leans towards the Garden. Though the service was equally good in both places. So for us the Garden wins over the Supper club, but we'd still recommend to try both for you to make your own conclusion.Upon walking in the first time, the layout and the procedure for getting your food is quite confusing. I'm sure most of the people who come here tried the food and are addicted and know what they're doing already. But once we had our delicious, beautiful food out on the dishes, at least 3 other people came up to us and asked how you order your food here. So you go to the fridge or counter where you see the desired food you want, and you go ring it up at the register. It looked not so good prepackaged in the to-go containers so much that my friend wanted to leave at first. If you are eating there, you can ask the people at the register to reheat your food or cut up some bread, and then they put it on real dishes and bowls. This seems very inefficient to me because the salads look not great in the plastic containers in contrast to how beautiful they were in the ceramic bowls they serve it in. It's also inefficient because they are taking the food out of the plastic containers and reheating it whereas if they just were taking orders, they would save on the hassle of putting them in the disposable containers anyway and heating them back up anyway. As a solution, I would suggest that they have a separate line for the people eating in vs taking out. If you eat in, you can find your own table or sit at the community table. Delicious, fresh food. My friend and I shared the mushroom soup, baguette with butter, a tiny cheese block, and the superfood salad.Do you want to relax and forget about the stressful workday? Come to this place and grab a wine and cheese platter! Sit outside and stare at the Washington square park! Great cheese selection! Very friendly service! Great Vibe! they also serve good breakfast! Nothing else to add, JUST TRY IT!Talula's Garden is my favorite restaurant in the city so I never imagined that I could be disappointed by its next door neighbor, Talula's Daily, but I really was. I went once during the day and had a chicken salad sandwich which was yummy, but we recently went for their secret supper club and I have to say it felt like a gimmick and the food was nothing special.  There's nothing exclusive about it.  They say they "only" serve 30 at a time and that it's like having your own private chef, but any restaurant that size can "only" serve 30 at at a time and it's a tasting menu, not a supper club. Stop pretending. The first course was a salad with extremely salty dressing.  There was a ravioli dish with extremely salty cheese.  There was a cheese board with crostini that was so rock hard I seriously thought I would chip a tooth so I just stopped eating it.  The dessert was essentially vanilla ice cream with a 1/4 teaspoon of diced apple.....like a lazy person's apple pie.  Even the couple next to us was complaining about the food and didn't finish their dishes. On top of all that, we were told that since it was cold in the restaurant we should keep our coats with us.  For their prices, they should make sure the restaurant is adequately heated when it's 30 degrees outside.  No one wants to dine in their winter coat.  I might come back during the day but we will never come back for this over-rated, gimmicky "Supper Club." Also their website boasts that they use Anthropologie's dinnerware. Well, they must be using stuff from the clearance rack. These dishes were dull, beige and chipped. Dinnerware you might find at grandma's garage sale, not anthropologie.Excellent ingredients and presentation/display of original meals and snacks. Groovy music with spacious feel to the layout. Expect to pay for the brilliance.Foodies choice is definitely right! Service spotty, but when you get their attention they are very nice & accommodating. I think they are just getting their groove as it is 8 weeks old. As a foodie, I'd give it a must visit rating & would definitely come back next trip to the city.Great food & even better service. I'd tell you what we had, the menu changes monthly & you don't get to choose what you get (although they accommodate food allergies, etc.), so there's no point. Three criticisms: Too many hard surfaces, making the room really loud. Some sound deadening material on the ceiling would help. Chairs were really uncomfortable for a 4 course meal. 
The last is a problem I have with many restaurants. My wife got the wine pairing. They kept pouring the next course's wine as they cleared the plates from the prior course. So you end up sitting with a glass of wine while you wait for the course it goes with to arrive.Thank you Aimee and Starr for finally giving the neighborhood a healthy, convenient, and adorable place for breakfast and lunch! 
I am so excited about this new spot - which is right across the park from my office - I have been here at least twice a week since it opened. 
The food is fresh and delicious, from the salads and sandwiches to the pastries, and the "look" is best described as "Anthropologie comes to life"
The communal tables are the cherry on the pie, as  they create a very warm and friendly environment. Just today I started chit chatting with total strangers while enjoying my farro and beans salad, and made new friends by the time I finished lunch! 
Great spot! I am a huge fan!I came here for my birthday dinner in March with one other person and was super excited to finally get to Talula's Daily. The decor is casual and rustic (anthropologie furnishes everything there), so it's a very cool, hip vibe. It's also really cozy, just like a dining room you would find in an anthopologie-curated cabin in the woods. More fun and casual than intimate and romantic, though. As for the food...
HOT CRUMPETS // The meal started out super strong with what I thought was hands down the best of the night. The butter on the crumpets was the perfect amount to complement jams. And there was also a fennel salad that was perfect. I still dream of the fluffiness of the biscuits.
SIGN OF SPRING // A beautiful watercress soup with a welcoming, heaping dollop of creme fraiche, this dish was a really interesting mix of flavors for me. But I don't know if it's just me, but after 10 bites I was pretty much done with it. I think it's just me and soup though, because this was pretty top notch.
OUT LIKE A LAMB // Just a regular lamb dish with carrots, onions, and kale. Nothing super special, but the lamb was cooked really well (which should be expected, right?)
THE FARMSTEAD COLLECTIVE // The cheeseboard of the night had an AMAZING selection. The brie was of course my favorite (since I'm a lover of brie), but the blue cheese came in a surprising second, as it wasn't too strong, yet it still had a good blue cheese flavor. The white cheddar was...forgettable.
LEMON MERINGUE TART // Twas a good ending to the night. The tart was a really interesting (in a v good way) texture that went well with the fluffy marshmallow on the side. I also really appreciated that it wasn't overbearing sweet.
With a new menu every month, I'm sure nothing I wrote above about the food is particularly helpful, but it's definitely work it to try out Talula's for a casual but nice dinner.Delicious food and good service.  I've been here only twice.  Once I ordered the tomato soup which I wasn't crazy about, but everything else was delicious.  I've ordered cheese plates from here as well and they are plentiful and delicious.  The staff makes it a point to pick out the cheeses for you, as opposed to having the customer pick everything.  The vegetable frittata and salted caramel latte that I had for breakfast one day were both excellent.  Love coming to this place for breakfast or lunch when I'm in the area.I stopped in for some lunch the other day. Talula's is lovely.
The atmosphere here is very intimate and laid back. The decor was beautiful. There's a very laid back rustic feel to Talula's Daily. People were here on there laptops studying, and some had there kids with them. It was such a nice relaxed place to grab a healthy lunch.
When ordering lunch there are refrigerated items such as salads and sandwiches and behind the counter by the cashier there are items that they can heat up for you and bring out to you. After paying you are free to sit where ever you choose.
I picked up the power salad which consisted of greens such as cabbage, and kale, blueberries, almonds,quinoa and a pomegranate dressing. It was a healthy satisfying lunch on a hot 97 degree day.
I felt at peace eating my salad and not being rushed to leave. I would love to come back for dinner sometime or even lunch again if I am in the area.After hearing so much about Talula's Secret Supper Club, my friend and I decided to try it out for dinner. I can say that it was one of the best food experiences I've had in Philadelphia.
Food: We had the May tasting menu. My friend had the regular one and I had the vegetarian version of the same one. You could tell that the ingredients were fresh and just cooked. A special shoutout to their handmade pasta which is so delicious. I've never been one to be able to tell the difference between fresh/homemade pasta and regular but Talula's taught me otherwise! Their drink menu is also quite unique. I ordered an organic rose which was a nice complement to the dishes that came our way. We also got a parting gift in the form of some delicious toffee brittle :)
Service and Ambience: Both were great! All of the decor and dinnerware is either supplied or inspired by Anthropologie, which gives it a cool feel. The plates especially help with the overall presentation of the food.
If you're in the mood for a new dining experience (and don't mind spending a bit to do so), definitely check out Talula's Secret Supper Club!This is a wonderful restaurant with exceptional attention to presentation. Tastes were beautifully blended and the heirloom tomato salad should not be missed. My husband had the fried oysters as a starter, and altho the oyster inside was plump and moist, the outside crust was heavy and too crunchy. Duck breast was perfectly cooked, my husbands rib eye was beautifully seasoned and very tasty. Not inexpensive, but definitely a restaurant for an occasion.I tried Talula's Daily for the first time yesterday. The space is beautifully decorated in a chic farmhouse style. When you step in, there's a large coffee bar area. They had some delicious looking pastries and the specialty drinks listed on the menu were unique and sounded decadent. 
You go in a little further and there is a food counter and a prepared food cooler. I tried a sandwich with prosciutto, ricotta, glazed figs, pistachios and arugula.This was all on a sweet, soft brioche style roll. The $8 price seemed about right for what I got. I would probably give this item five stars if it was made fresh to order. I came in around 2pm and the arugula was wilted and the bottom part if the roll was quite soggy. The flavor combination was good and the ingredients were high quality. 
I will definitely head back to Talula's Daily to try the cheese plates that looked really tempting. They also have fresh bread for sale and some unique condiments to take home for your own cheese plates.I don't have many vices.  The ones that I do have run pretty deep though and Talula's Daily combines at least 2 of them. Anthropologie and coffee.  
This place is fricking adorable.  I mean, it is outfitted in Anthro so why wouldn't it be?  But Talula's doesn't just rely on being pretty - they also have some tasty good stuff inside.  I sampled the chocolate chip cookie, which was perfectly chewy.  I also thoroughly enjoyed an iced chai latte to mix things up.  
I don't find myself in this part of town too often, but maybe I should.My first visit to Talula's Daily for breakfast.  Excellent!!  Had a delicious egg, cheese, and bacon sandwich with breakfast tea.  The ingredients are high quality and very flavorful.  I thoroughly enjoyed it and will return again.  Service was friendly and professional.We stopped in this past weekend for lunch while walking around Washington Square. Having loved Talula's Garden, I imagined the food would be just as fresh and local, and the decor just as cozy. Both were true of Talula's Daily.
We ordered a few things to split...beet soup, tomato and mozzarella salad, and honey mustard chicken. They were whisked away to the kitchen to be heated up, and were brought over to our table. All were very tasty, despite the absence of mozzarella in our salad.
The idea of the space is great, prepared goods to be taken out or eaten there, with a variety of gourmet groceries filling the shelves. A very unique spot combining a gourmet grocery store with a casual dining experience. Prix fixe dinners are also served most nights, full of seasonal ingredients...a more affordable and timely alternative to Talula's Table.
On the way out, I had a bit of a coffee miscommunication and was given a free cookie for my troubles. Staff is friendly and accommodating. A great spot in the beautiful Washington Square...more spots like this should open in the area.I had the pleasure of dining at Talulah's Daily for their March 2015 supper menu, and I am obsessed. Their EXCELLENT 5-course suppers changes seasonally and is farm-to-table - if I live here, I would come here at least monthly for the supper, and even more often for their daily fare. 
Crumpets - great introduction to the lovely meal. It came buttered & piping hot with salmon salad, whipped ricotta, and fruit chutney (my favorite) and topped with homemade pickles for a crunchy, sour component.
Watercress soup with creme fraiche panna cotta & fish roe - that panna cotta was GENIUS since there are two ways to eat it - either let it slowly melt into the soup, or slice a small chunk with each spoonful of soup. You can control the creaminess of each bite!
Lamb two ways: very well-executed, into medallions and pulled lamb. The barley, carrots, kale, and pearl onions lighten the dish and gives it a fresh component.
Cheeseboard - the cheeses were lovely, but my favorite part was their smear of whiskey mustard spread. The brie(?) cheese served in a melty spoonful was my favorite as it is mild, creamy, and carried all flavors well.
Lemon lavender tart - I do not care for lemon-inspired desserts, but the lavender infused lemon mint spread made me fall in love. I wish I have a whole bottle of it to take home so I can put it on everything I eat.
Talula's Daily is another example of simple food done well while being extremely fresh, innovative, and tasty. I will definitely come back here when I return to visit Philadelphia.Talula's daily is a decent little shop to get some quick coffee or food. They have an assortment of pastries, salads, and specials. 
The pre-made salads are super healthy, but just okay. I had a piece of lasagna there and it was good. Casual spot to stop by if you want something quick and solid. Nice healthy and quality options. A bit pricey. Good service.Wonderful new place with outside seating with an excellent view of Washington Square Park. Both a cafe and a food shop including a cheese bar with a nice selection of local and imported cheeses. A number of ready made items, salads and sandwiches to take out. They also have a small but well thought out beer selection tow on draft and several in bottles. The small wine selection looks a bit pricy but they serve the wine in very nice glasses. Outstanding baked goods, bread, pastries and very large cookies. Nice to have a place for a quick quality lunch.Big thumbs up for Talula's. Great food and even better service. The staff couldn't have been nicer and I was impressed with the care that everything was prepared.
Perfect.Great little coffee shop + market with home-made goods. Looks like the perfect place to pick up items on your way to a picnic. A few tables outside right on Washington square. Good service.Love this place for lunch. Wish it was in my building! 
Sandwiches and salads are great. Farm Salad, turkey BLT sandwich and Italian hoagie are my favorites. Coffee is much better than other neighborhood options. 
Sometimes gets crowded around the cooler and you have to grab what you wantWe always heard good things about Tulula's Daily. So, naturally when we heard about their "Secret" Supper Club we had to check it out. We dined there for the first time October 2017. We loved it so much we went back again a week later! The menu changes every month which keeps things fresh. We love that it is a pre fix menu, no thinking involved! Just sit and be served amazing food in a cozy atmosphere. The service is fantastic and the manager is great as well. The last time we dined the dessert was alcohol forward, which our server made us aware of early on and offered us an alternative. As my husband is in recovery, this was greatly appreciated!  The overall experience has kept us coming back every month to try the new menu and sometimes twice a month! We absolutely love Tulula's Daily!The Supper Club has consistently become one of my favorite dining experiences... each course I am tempted to say "oh, I could just eat this all night" until the next course arrives. Often I'm tempted not to eat because what has be served also looks so amazing! That is, until I take the first bite. 
The decor is simple and incredibly charming and the service is always phenomenal - I love learning about the different wine parings and nuances of the meal. This is the real deal!Love love love coming here. So thankful I live a block over from this amazing spot. The coffee, the breakfast, lunch, dinner, cold case, quick grab homemade dinner, meats, cheeses, and the list goes on!!! I wish Yelp offered a gold star or platinum star rating.We went in simply because our hotel was right next door and for the free cookie, but I want to go back! They gave us the wrong quiche, but it was so good, I ate it anyway and loved it!! They ran out of cookies, so they gave me a free muffin instead- still amazing! I loved that every mistake brought even more joy! Atmosphere was cozy and friendly.I want to eat every meal here...that's why I keep coming back. Fresh creative salads and sandwiches. Great breads and desserts. You haven't experienced a salad until you've tried the southwestern salad. A hint of spice with a mix of fresh veggies. Must admit the cheese plates are not only delicious, I hated to disrupt the beautiful plate, but the call of truffle gouda finally got to me. 
A few weeks ago I got a take out plate for a party. It was just a work of art.  Everyone loved it, so now I'm being invited to every party. 
Thanks,  The cookie at the end was great.Really friendly people and excellent baked goods at the boutiquey bakery next to talula's garden.
I stopped in after brunch with my extended family to grab some cookies to enjoy later that night after my graduation ceremony and they were very rich, fresh, and filling cookies. Would definitely recommend as a nice place to enjoy a snack or coffee when in the Washington square park area, and be sure to check in on Yelp! For a free cookieFood is always good and fresh. Cute cafe and area to relax with a cup of hot chocolate :)This is a great place. Love the cheese selection. If you like blue cheese, try the French St. Agur. Perfect! I love the frittatas and chocolate croissant for breakfast. The snacks are also great and the chai latte is amazing. Friendly staff, high quality healthy ingredients. Love this place and the ambiance is fantastic.I can't go one more second leaving this review unwritten. My wife and I live out of town and were out celebrating, and after some Google sleuthing, I landed on Talula's Daily Secret Supper Club. 
The menu changes monthly, and we were there on the last day of the month. It was truly and incredible delight. We added the chef's feature and the beverage pairing to our meal. #worthit 
"Waitress" doesn't feel appropriate for what it is like to guide someone through their meal here - Nicole was a wonderful food concierge, and also just seemed like a genuinely sweet and thoughtful person. 
Not sure how to describe the food beyond the fact that I'm pretty sure it's how food is meant to be prepared and eaten. 
This is the perfect place to celebrate, or just come for a "treat yourself." I wish we lived in town so we could come more often, but we'll be back every time we are. 
Pictured - special celebration bites and some fantastic port.Cute little cafe and shop. I hadn't been by this way in a while, so I'm not even sure how long this has been here. 
It was a very cold and windy day, so I popped in for a warm cozy cup of coffee. I was with my sister, a toddler and an infant. The little table up front was an okay size to accommodate us, and the kids were behaved (as behaved as a 2 year old would be).
I had a delicious macaron and two-bite flourless chocolate cake. My sister had a delicious blueberry muffin. I also bought their house-made gluten free crackers, goat cheese and some olives. 
The cold display case has sandwiches, salads and desserts to go. 
The coffee shop area wheelchair accessible. The cafe area is not. They serve wine sampler glasses. Not sure what exactly that means. But they were $9-$14.
I anticipated walking in and out with a cup of coffee. I walked out 20 minutes later with a happy belly and a wallet $30 lighter.This is the perfect spot for locally sourced and organic great quality food! I enjoy every single trip to this place!After trying out Talula's Garden, I knew that I had to try Talula's Secret Supper Club. True enough, it was one of my best meals in Philly so far. 
The vibe is very casual and home-y. It was very rustic with the whole candle-light vibe going. I found it romantic and intimate, while at the same time without being overbearing. I thought this would be a great place to go on a date. 
Foodwise, we had: 
WARM GARLIC BREAD: I think bread says a lot about the restaurant because it's often your first bite or taste of what the restaurant has to offer. In this case, they executed something as basic as garlic bread extremely well. The bread was extremely flavorful and my friend and I could not get enough. 
CRAB HUSH PUPPIES: This continued the strong streak of the night. The crab hush puppies were absolutely fantastic. It was extremely tasty and well executed. Though the portion size was quite small, it was still great. 
SPRING VEGETABLE CRUDITES: Talula's did this in two ways. First, they sent out a selection of vegetables on a stone plate that were roasted/steamed then drizzled with vinaigrette. Afterwards, they sent out a salad using the same ingredients and the same vinaigrette. Have to say, I wasn't that big of a fan of these dishes. I had a hard time finishing these. It tasted quite plain and was not that remarkable. 
ROASTED ROCKFISH: This dish was perfectly-executed with the skin of the fish being crispy and the meat of the fish being soft without being over-cooked. That being said though the dish wasn't particularly remarkable. It was served with farfalle, butter, and beans. Everything was extremely fresh but I don't really have anything to say beyond that. 
BAKED GOAT CHEESE: This was probably my favorite dish of the night. The baked goat cheese was probably the best I've ever tasted. The cheese was flavorful without being overbearing and because it was baked, it was smoother and creamier than usual. This was covered in a pastry that was extremely flakey and flavorful as well. The strawberry-rhubarb conserve was a perfect complement to the dish. 
FOIE GRAS GELATO: Though the foie gras did not stand out that much to me, this dish was still a great way to end the meal. The candied fennel and butterscotch sauce, which I was a bit skeptical about at first, actually made for a great combination. It was great to see how all of these seemingly unrelated flavors complemented each other well. This was definitely worth savoring. 
Though their menu changes every month, I think Talula's Secret Supper Club is a must-try!I may have been disappointed by our dinner here because of all of the hype about this place.  We called ahead to get the vegetarian dinner. Nothing was memorable or worth the expensive bill. 
 I appreciated the vibe here, though. The table next to us was drunk, loud,  and rambunctious and no one was complaining. Not stuffy at all!!  I wish the food was better because I'd love to have a reliable special occasion place.I really enjoy finishing my day sitting outside at Talula's daily.  they prepare a perfect cheese plate for 2 and love the wine.  Nothing better that enjoying a night sitting outside next to Washington Square Park.  Arrive before 7 pm and you will be able to order a great cheese platter.April 2014 prix fixe menu is phenomenal!  Every course was great.  Staff were very attentive.  Looking forward to coming again!Great place to get a coffee/latte/espresso and quick bite to eat. The grilled cheese with avocado was very good, as were the soups (butternut squash and tomato). Staff was super friendly and the atmosphere is topnotch. I will definitely be back.I'm not sure why I continue to go in there when I'm in the city for doctor appointments. The food is good but the guy making coffee is so obnoxiously Rude. I'll give it to you if your having a bad day but every time I go in there. Bad mojo!We did the supper menu in March 2015 and it was great! Except for the first dish, which was vegetable tempuras, the rest was very well made food. The chicken in particular was done particularly well. I give it four stars simply and only because the food wasn't particularly innovative/ surprising in its pairing. If you haven't been, please go and treat yourself but it's not one of those places I visit twice.I've just started working in the area and this is one of my "go to" places. Great casual unique food and laid back staff, although attentive. Breakfast is great with their own baked goods, quiche, etc. wonderful coffee as well. I had a scone recently and it was one of the lightest that I ever remember. Lunches are great with an eclectic menu to dine in or grab a Pre made salad, sandwich, etc to run back to the office or grab a bench in the park across the street.  They don't seem to staff appropriately for bfast or lunch rush so allow for extra time.My friend and I dined at the Secret Supper Club on Thursday evening.  My friend is gluten free and I was impressed that they called to check up on any other dietary restrictions.   We arrived and were promptly seated at a rather small table by the cheese case.   We ordered drinks.   I had a beer and my friend had a cranberry cider.   It was a prefix menu.   We started with a shrimp cocktail which contained three large shrimp.  Our next course was a wedge salad which was more of a circle then a wedge.  We then had a medium rare steak atop creamed spinach with mashed potato dollops.   The mashed potatoes were like little hard dough balls.  They obviously had been sitting under a heat lamp.   
The most disappointing course was the cheese.   This course consisted of one skimpy cheese board with the three smallest pieces of cheese I have ever seen.  I thought we would both get our own board.  Nope!!!   One board for us both to share.   It was shameful.   Dessert was chocolate cake and bourbon ice cream.   We have been here previously and enjoyed our meals.  This one just seemed rather skimpy for the $55 price tag.Talula's is my absolute favorite cafe in the city. Everything tastes remarkable and fresh, they change their menu frequently and their prices aren't TOO bad. I recently went here for December's secret supper club and I was blown away. I can't wait for next month!They have great pastries and baked goods. Coffee was delicious. Also joy the simple syrup for my sugar water compaction. I think you guys are great. Great for lunch. Great snacks.Not truly Celiac friendly. Avoid.
My fiancé and I made reservations for dinner and made a note that I required a gluten free meal. We arrived and the hostess (who happened to be our manager) seemed to have a little trouble finding our reservation but then quickly sat us at a table.
I told our waitress that I was "gluten free" (I have Celiac disease) and she seemed surprised and said she'd check and see what accommodations could be made. 
She came back and mentioned that they'd sub a piece of focaccia for lettuce and "maybe some GF crackers or something" for bread elsewhere ... I straight-out asked her if the meal would actually be a coherent one and whether this GF accommodation was something they have done before. She said yes, and I agreed to go ahead with it.
This review is going to focus entirely on costume service and follow through of management.
I did not sleep one minute that night because of clear gluten contamination. I called the restaurant to let them know about the situation - was transferred to a manager and was asked questions ranging from what I ate, to what kind of symptoms I experienced ... I told her that I was fortunately not someone whose Celiac's disease would hospitalize me within minutes and that I hoped this to be looked into. No apology whatsoever. I was then told that she'd be in touch with the Chef and Owner and follow-up. No such follow-up and no apology.
Had the meal and service been stellar, and had the administration of this restaurant apologized for the contamination, I would have probably written this off as a one-off. However, that was not the case in any way, shape, or form, and I am strongly urge any diners with Celiac disease or who are Gluten-Free to avoid Talula's daily at all costs.What a perfect way to enjoy a beautiful Saturday morning! My friend and I came here for brunch and sat outside overlooking Washington Square Park. 
We each got drip coffee and a cheese plate to share. The cheese plate on the menu was much larger than what we wanted so we got a smaller cheese box from the refrigerated section with three types of cheeses, mixed nuts, honey and crackers. Absolutely delicious and only $10. 
Don't forget to check in on Yelp and collect your free cookie. We got to choose from chocolate chip, peanut butter, and mudslide with walnuts. We both got the mudslide (which was still soft) and loved it!
This is an adorable cafe and its a la carte menu for brunch/lunch makes it a popular and affordable option for those casual mornings!I love this place for lunch. It's quick, easy, fresh and conveniently located on Washington Square. The employees are nice and helpful and they get you in and out.  There is always plenty of seating too if you don't want to sit in the park and enjoy your lunch. 
I highly recommend their baked goods too!While checking out the surrounding neighborhood around the square I came across Talula's.  It is a hip spot and seems like a lot of locals like it.  I had a latte and a cookie from a yelp! check in.  The latte was done just right and the cookie was also one of those you can't stop eating.  So take a few blocks off the normal strip and try this spot where the locals go.Love this place!!! They amazingly pull off this coffee shop - cafe - bistro vibe while being affordable. Great for stopping in and getting a quick coffee/pastry in the morning or salad/sandwich to go from their refrigerator section in the seating area. I also love enjoying food there...service is always great and the decor is beautiful. So many great options that rotate all the time. Can't say enough good things about this place! A must visit if in Philly!We enjoyed a few pastries, a fritata and some hot drinks at Talula's Daily. My lavender chai drink was amazing. Great for a quick breakfast or a hot drink to go.I came here prior to taking an exam at the Curtis Center. It was not cheap in terms of breakfast, but man was it the best decision I could have made. At least that's how I feel walking out on my way to an important test. The food was wholesome, hearty and delicious. The coffee was on point. The atmosphere was chill but very positive. I feel ready to destroy this test now. Also I would like to add one last note: they were one of the only spots around that I could find who were open before 8 am. Spot on guys!I say this with love, because the food is good and I think it comes from a good place... a lot of the front of house folks tend to act like I've just sullied their comically over-stuffed display areas by looking at them too hard. I can bear up under the scorn for the tasty coffee, and the folks at that end of the shop seem more accepting of riff-raff like myself, but getting food from the cheese and salads section... yeesh. The waves of condescension washing over the counter at me are a bit much sometimes. Sense of proportion, guys: please find one.Really great variety and tasty deli and fully cooked meal options.  Come on an empty stomach if you intend to eat there - as you won't be able to choose just one thing.Pretty good! Lovely pastries (the croissants sold out right before us--so sad!) but I didn't love my coffee. Ordered a mocha but it almost tasted like it was made with molasses, a taste I'm really sensitive to, but my husband and family enjoyed their coffees.A lovely place with a rustic-home country feel. We only came by for coffee and our free cookie (upon checking in on Yelp!) so can't comment on food or anything else. Their Mexican-spiced Mocha was awesome on a chilly day.
The place is spacious with tables, high tops and an open kitchen. The staff were friendly.I went here with my boyfriend for dinner. Service was awesome, food was amazing, ambiance was cozy and pleasant. I would certainly go back, except it cost over $200 before tip. Ouch!Had an amazing meal last Friday evening celebrating my husband's 60th birthday. Many thanks to the manager, Nicole Hartmann, our server, Nicole and the staff for the attentiveness and special attention, especially to our parents who are in their 80s.  It's not always easy to find a restaurant that shows extra consideration for the "seniors."    Looking forward to coming again!I have been meaning to come here for lunch for a long time and I am SO glad that I had the excuse when a friend came to visit last week. The place is adorable - when you walk in, there is an area with tons of delicious looking baked goods and a coffee bar with well-done chalkboard signs hanging on the wall. They also have a cooler with beers and a cute old fashioned stove on one wall. It's like you walked into someone's kitschy kitchen. 
The lunch options are in a large refrigerated section, which is a little bit strange. We were there past the prime lunch hour, so the options seemed a little picked over. However, I found a salad that sounded great, with cheddar cheese chunks and some dried fruit and nuts. (You pick your item out of the fridge and then take it to the counter to pay.) At the register, they gave me a giant ceramic Anthropologie bowl to eat it out of, which was probably my favorite part of the experience. I think this place made some sort of deal with Anthro because tons of their decor, etc is from there (I work at Anthro, so it was all familiar). I am not complaining! 
At the counter, they have a couple more warm food options and my friend opted for the grilled cheese with portobellos, which they warmed up and brought out. We also each got a free cookie with our Yelp check-ins, and it was amazing. Yum!! My lunch total (no drink) was only $11, which is fantastic for a salad and some chips. I was so full I couldn't even finish (although I managed to choke down the cookie somehow...). I can't wait to come back- maybe for dinner next time!Haven't had a frittata I didn't like here.  Great little spot to grab a quick bite, coffee or a beer/glass of wine.  Everything is fresh, the staff is friendly.  Highly recommend if you're looking for something low key, or less formal.Very nice place all around. Great staff and good selection of food all prepared fresh and with interesting flavors. Came in mid afternoon and were able to get a nice table. Would highly recommend eating here.I was spending the afternoon at Washington Square Park with some friends and we didn't want to go inside for lunch, so we picked up some sandwiches here and resumed relaxation.  Couldn't have been happier!  I didn't indulge, but they also have the offerings to create a beautiful picnic basket with cheese and other goodies (also selling bottled beer).  I will definitely be back next time I'm spending some time in the park.Open Table told us we could get a Sunday night ressie. Yelp told us the food was good . So it was off toWashington Square.  First we went to Talula's Garden where it took five minutes to learn we were at the wrong place -- even though they're both run by the same restaurant group. 
The Garden is a la carte, large, crowded and noisy. The supper club is a lunch place and deli by day, a pris fixe supper club by night. With great service and food. 
The menu changes weekly but suffice it to say we had a lovely five-course dinner for $55 each. Fabulous gazpacho, huge salads with fried squid, a deconstructed/reinvented paella, a cheese course, and hot buñuelos in spicy chocolate sauce. The lagniappe was scones to take home for breakfast the following day. 
Server John was terrific. And the chef modified the paella to deal with food restrictions. Great dinner. 
Why only four stars?  There were only two couples in the whole place -- with a hostess, a waiter and a chef. Strange. 
Note: it was a hit night, but the AC was up full blast. My friend was smart to have brought a sweater. I was cold in short sleeves.Wonderful place! Excellent pastries and rich java. Adore the decor. Sadly the staff in the coffee bar aren't always so warm and friendly.4 and a half actually, only because I think a few things could be improved.  I work near by and stop in here for a to go salad a few times a week. When I walked in here for the first time I was a little overwhelmed, I didn't know what line I needed to be on when I paid or if I was on a line to order something else. I think a sign would help because there is often confusion and people asking around me if they are in the right space.  I completely understand that all the ingredients are fresh and are have high quality but spending over 10$ on a just a salad kind of makes me think twice about coming here as often as I do. There are a number of other salad places in the area that I find myself getting pulled towards. But this place is always packed and I love how they are always refreshing the selections. I cant see them actually lowering the price so my only suggestion is a card where you get the 10th salad free for all you're loyal customers that are there weekly!Always get oatmeal they provided in a coffee cup rather than a bowl and refuses to fill it up all the way for the price they should provide a bowl to be able to eat this very poor service with a bad attitudeOutstanding zucchini bread, and a really cute place with cute plates!  Really nice to stop by and sit outside, and I would love to come in for dinner.  I understand it's family style which is fun.Lunch review: quick service, good selection, wonderful atmosphere. 
As this is an European style of dining, it may be kind of tricky at first. All salads, sandwiches are packed in to-go containers. So that's really easy if you're taking it to go. If you're staying to eat, they can heat up your sandwich/soup or toss your salads for you. Just bring your food to the cashier, pay for your food, ask for service you would like and they'll bring it out to you. Grab your silverware from the table and pick your seat. 
Seating is limited, with a long community dining table, a few smaller tables and a bar along the wall. 
Food selection: superb. The salads are great (I always go for the turkey/cheese with green goddess dressing). They always have a nice selection of daily specials next to the register. I've tried their roasted cauliflower salad and fig crepes. Both are incredible.Love grabbing a cup of coffee with a shot of lavender and pair it with a fresh slice of ultimate zucchini breadThis place is oozing with creativity and warmth. As soon as you walk in, you smell the fresh espresso beans and the freshly baked bread. The people are so nice. The decor is rustic and inviting. The eating area is so clean. The coffee and lattes are divine. The sausage frittata is one of the best in the city. The sandwiches look amazing. I love coming here on a weekend and soaking it all in. A great place to bring a book or catch up with friends. One of the best coffee shops and lunch spots in Philly.Our dinner here for my birthday tonight was fantastic.  Our server was Paul-William was very knowledgeable and friendly and patient as we figured out what we wanted to order.  He also had great recommendations on pairings and menu items. The service was perfect (waters filled, drinks brought in timely fashion, plates cleared quickly by a girl who came out of nowhere).  Cheese plate was superb and seasonally appropriate, people next to us loved it too, fried oysters delicious and amazing.  I had the trout and my husband had the short ribs.  Both- perfection.  Had no room for dessert.  But signature tree hugger martini was delish.  HIGHLY RECOMMEND! We will definitely return next time we are in Philadelphia!Funky, sweet, happy kinda joint.  Fresh salads, lovely cheese platter and check in for a free cookie if you check in.Talulas daily is one of my favorite cafes in the area. The building is housed in an art deco building and the interior has a french house feel with wooden tables and cute tile. The Cafe has lots of great options for tea drinkers like myself. i tried the kyoto matcha latte and it is excellent very high quality matcha, i had the pumpkin scone and it was delightful. They have a cafe with sandwiches and salads in the back.Odd customer service experience. Asked for a glass of $5 lemonade only half filled with ice and was told I would be charged more because it was a double portion. I'm a regular customer and explained that had never happened in the past. Was told doesn't matter we're still charging you. Wow, a regular customer lost over 1/2 a cup of ice! Cold.I work very close to Talula's Daily and occasionally come here to pick up some lunch.  While the food is a little more than what I'd prefer to spend on the average Tuesday for lunch, the extra money is well-worth it.  Everything I've had at Talula's Daily has been incredibly fresh and flavorful.  I've become OBSESSED with their cold roast beef sandwiches - they are amazing.  In fact, the last time I was there, they weren't offering the roast beef sandwiches, but the kitchen made one on request.  So in addition to wonderful food, they also offer great customer service.  Highly recommend checking this place out.This place reminds me of Fork, Etc.! but better. They have a great coffee/tea/beer selection and offer growler fills for cold brew coffee and beer (I think it's $15 for the growler fill after you buy the $20 growler). Their cold brew coffee is just over $3, so not too over-priced compared to what other places charge. 
I've eaten lunch here, too, and the food was amazing. We sat at a communal table and it was nice and chill. All of their prepared foods look delish and I definitely get inspired to play with ingredients when I get home after looking at their combinations. 
There are lots of local-ish goodies to grab, too, like La Columbe's coffee caramel topping- AMAZING. 
It's right beside Washington Square, which gives a nice view or a nice destination if the tables are all filled up.
Special Note: Yelp check-ins get a free house-baked cookie!Very friendly staff. Had the peach and pork, which was delicious and a generous portion. The zucchini bread was amazing and one of the best. Chocolate chip cookie was soft and sweet. Definitely the place to go for some baked goods. Skilled staff for sure. Will definitely be back.love this place. i work nearby and go often. i think the baked goods are superb. like, seriously they are all fantastic. i love the iced coffee too. the other coffee drinks have not impressed me, so i stick with the iced coffee. also, the staff, including the baristas have been super friendly and pleasant. i will say that i agree w/previous posters that the price for the prepared foods is way too high for me, but with dibruno bros. now open around the corner, i don't see that changing anytime soon. lunch will run you close to $20 and given all the other lunch options in the area, it is not anywhere near as good or filling. on the other hand, i can't wait to try the supper club.Well done coffee, pastries, cheese and lunch items.  Staff is always super nice.  Easy to hop in and out to pick up stuff to take home or dine in.  One of the benefits of this place is the diversity: you can go all out and get a croissant and grilled cheese or be good and get yogurt and salad.We tried the Secret Supper Club this evening and were VERY satisfied. The main course was phenomenal. Turkey, chestnuts and cornbread. The apple oat crisp for dessert was out of this world. We will be back.Ridiculously confusing. Staff pushed us off our table before we were even done and said they 'needed' our table. You can keep it! Well not be returning to sift through your 'visual menu' of overpriced wannabe elevated food stuffs again. 
Btw, your prices reflect each item is made of gold - do not be fooled: price and value are two different things and you've clearly overvalued your mediocre menu. 
Grab a coffee to go and find better eats around the corner!Every few weeks or so I stop into Talula's Daily for an espresso. (I've also been there for lunch a couple of times and found it fine but too focused on high fat to be a regular habit.) I always sit and drink the espresso--if I wanted it in a paper cup I would go to Starbucks and pay less. On this occasion they didn't ask and I didn't think about it. I had already gone up the couple of stairs and put my "stuff" at a chair and there was almost nobody there; they clearly had not seen that, which is understandable but they are supposed to ask. After what seemed like a really long time (nobody was ahead of me getting coffee drinks) that had me wondering if something was wrong with their machine, I was handed a paper cup with espresso. I said I was planning to sit and wanted a real cup and she picked up a cup, poured it in, and handed it to me--it was nowhere near the size of a single espresso and now wasn't even quite hot enough. I put one of their wooden stirrers in the cup and the coffee stain only came up about 3/8's of an inch (and let's remember, this is a small curved-sided espresso cup). I commented, the barista shrugged and walked away. I'll be looking for other places in the area for my espresso hits when I'm in the area. They've typically seem to have a bit of an attitude, but this was ridiculous.Great service! I've only been for breakfast but the selection is varied and the frittatas are delicious!I'm already a big fan of Talula's Garden, and the original Kennett Square location, so when they announced that Talula's Daily was opening on Washington Square I was excited to check them out! The space is great, nice and large, with the coffee bar right at the front with most of the baked goods, and then the cheese/deli counters on a split-level that opens up to seating for patrons. They have a reasonable selection of prepared foods, and more that you can order freshly prepared, and everything seems to be really reasonably priced. They had a sampling of a salmon mousse dip with crackers, which was delicious (didn't pick up, but coming back to buy soon!).
I ended up getting a number of treats to try out with my sweetie over the weekend, in addition to some very, very necessary iced coffee for $3 that was tasty and refreshing :
Vanilla Bean Panacotta: Creamy, silky smooth panacotta had a light vanilla flavor, and the balsamic strawberries on top were sweet and fresh, and together the flavors were delicious
Salted Caramel Bar: Delicious! A scrumptious, salty-sweet, perfect caramel flavor, but it was very oozy because of the humidity that day. The crust was a thin, buttery, and delicious butter cookie. A very sweet and rather rich treat
Mud Cookie: This cookie was quite large for its intense flavor. The dark chocolate batter was filled with large semi-sweet chocolate disks and toasted walnut pieces. It was moist, chewy, dense, and ideal for chocoholics
Tiramisu: It came layered in a To Go plastic cup, and was a delicious example of the classic tiramisu flavors, with mini chocolate covered crisp balls on top for an added crunch
Chocolate Nut Truffles: The crunchy chocolate outer layer enclosed a creamy dark chocolate ganache filling, and was rolled in crushed nuts. Yum!
Chocolate Chip Cookie: A classic example with crisp edges, a chewy center, and large semi-sweet chocolate disks. My fiance is a cookie fiend, and he said this was one of the best he's had.
Blueberry Cornmeal Bar: This bar was very thin, but made up for its size in quality. It was moist with the lovely, naturally sweet flavors of fresh blueberries
Carrot Cake Square: This was really delicious, and a classic, moist, lightly spiced carrot cake with finely ground nuts and a thin layer of cream cheese frosting on top. The tart sweet flavor of the frosting was great, and the perfect ratio to cake, a real crowd pleasing carrot cake
Ultimate Brownie: Large, fudgy semi-sweet chocolate brownie that lived up to its name. It was moist and a bit dense, with (I think) macadamia nuts, chocolate chunks, and a white chocolate drizzle on top. I can't remember if there was another nut, but it was very yummy, satisfying, and fillingOn the bikes again this morning running errands, we decided to get back to Talula's Daily for breakfast.
Everything here is great.  The atmosphere is French Country and casual.  There are lots of communal space, with plenty of table real estate to be shared.  The food is carefully prepared and delicious.
We shared an egg and cheese sandwich.  I have no idea how they prepare this beauty.  But it is the best egg and cheese I've had.  It's a soft eggy/cheesy mixture on fresh bread with just the right amount of cheese crust on it.  We also shared a peach scone.  Perfectly flaky and not too sweet, it was the perfect companion to my Americano.  The iced coffee was tasty though a little bitter and required a little more cream than my wife usually likes.  
We love the space, the prompt service and the awesome food.  This place makes me wish I lived closer to it!Beautiful spot! Outstanding pastries and rich coffee. Love the decor. Unfortunately the staff at the coffee bar are not always so warm and friendly.My first time, I ordered the mushroom miso soup for lunch and took the duck and arugula salad to go. At home: added diced avocado, diced tomato, and orange pieces. The salad was amazing on its own, especially loved the lentils and the duck pieces were huge (comparatively). All in all, for $10 it was an awesome dinner. Definitely going back!Superb dinner, very attentive staff.  The meal was just right.  really hit the spot.  4/5 beacause I disagreed with with pairing of the Chardonnay, I would have served the reisling sooner, since the coastal shrimp boil had a little heat to it, I felt it did not quite pair well.  Very reasonably priced and had a wonderful time.What a great meal! I love the concept of a single set menu every month. If you're making something every day for a month, it ought to be phenomenal. And it was. Went for the March menu. The first course of warm crumpets with various spreads was excellent, creamy ricotta, a smoked salmon dip and a fruit chutney. The chutney and ricotta went well together on top of the warm, tasty crumpets (basically a tiny english muffin). Second course was a watercress soup with a buttermilk custard and trout roe that you could swirl through the soup. More flavorful than expected and again the flavors blended nicely together. Main course was lamb over barley and some veggies--it was perfect. Salty, savory, and a touch of sweetness in the pearl onions. Next came the cheese course, which I barely had room for. And it was an impressive spread of 3 cheeses, bacon jam, and some toasted homemade bread. I could have made a meal of that board alone. In fact, my friend took home the rest and probably will make a meal of it. Finally dessert was a lemon bar with some herbal whipped cream--tart and awesome. This was an incredible meal for only $55. We did the drink pairing also and everything was great and also a good deal at only $35 extra. Cute decor and excellent service also. I would absolutely go back.Friendly, prompt, and discrete service: what a lovely dinner spot with a great prix fixe menu: Crispy Vegetable Tempura (lovely, crisp, and light with just the right amount of salt; especially enjoyed the asparagus), Fettucine & Peas (the preserved lemon lifted the flavor, and I enjoyed the mix of different types of "peas"/beans) with Talula's Garlic Bread (very crisp with olive oil, a hint of basil and a nice helping of garlic!), Seared Spring Salmon (the maitake mushrooms stole the show: so . . . much . . . flavor! with the pesto running a close second), Baked Brie (wanted to spoon up the strawberry puree and slightly candied almonds), and Coconut Milk Cake (who knew lime zest on pineapple would be so addictive? and what a moist cake . . . yes, I said it: MOIST!). Loved the birthday surprise (toffee bar with coconut?) and the goodie bag of Talula's granola. Overall a lovely experience (and yes, definitely make a reservation, as we sat ~6:30PM and there were some seats, but there weren't any for the rest of the night!)!Some items are a tad expensive, but overall the food is good and tasty.  I do enjoy stopping in for a baked good and artisan coffee, but $7 for a breakfast sandwich is rich for my blood.Very good food and nice selection. We were here  for breakfast. The coffee was fresh and robust . The bakery items and cookies are excellent. Fresh items came out a few times during our meal. Will definitely returnA beautiful cafe outshoot of Talula's Garden. La Colombe coffee, a lovely cheese counter, fresh baked pastries, wine and craft beer on draft, and a tiny market offering prepared foods. Feels like you're in the quaint kitchen of a pretty farmhouse.I was really excited to see Talulu's had opened a bakery and cafe.  I love Talula's Garden just next door - one of my fave restaurants in the city.  
However, my first visit - for breakfast - didn't go amazingly well. Lovely croissant and tea, but the service was lacking somewhat.  They just didn't seem terribly organized or on-the-ball and a number of the breakfast options were reheated rater than being made fresh.
But I have to say that Talula's really stepped up for my second visit.  We decided to give the place another try and went to the Secret Supper Club.  
It's an evening seasonal set menu for $50 per head.  While that's pretty pricey (once you add on tax and tip), the food really lived up to the price tag.  It was excellent, from the lamb meatballs with haloumi to the mouthwatering curried Maine scallops.  The salad with mushrooms, Brussels sprouts and bacon was knockout. 
Each dish was put together with creativity and flair, without sacrificing the individual flavors of the quality local ingredients.  There was so much food, we had to carry out our desserts and cheese plate.
The service was very attentive; the staff thought of everything, including adding some biscotti and bakery treats to our takeout bag.  It was pretty quiet when we went, but they still managed to create a lovely ambience.  With such excellent food, I was surprised it wasn't packed.  
I'd really recommend checking this place out.  We had a delicious evening and would definitely go back.Cute little neighborhood place. Right near Independence Hall.
1. Chai Tea - Ridiculously hot but comforting for a cold day.
2. Hazelnut Coffee - Delicious
3. Egg, cheese and bacon breakfast - Fast and good. 
Great store to browse for tidbit stuff.  A lunch and dinner menu available as well.Went here for the supper club dinner tonight, I must say the food was fantastic. We had an 830 reservation but weren't seated until 9:15. The hostess was very apologetic and while we started
Off angry, the two extra courses (a winter salad and almond donuts for dessert with lemon curd) as well as a free cappuccino for each member of our group made things more than right.
I highly recommend this restaurant, and we will be going back.Loved this place.  I've been to both Talula's table and Talula's garden.  It is clear they are replicating the experience at Talula's table at this restaurant.  I love the cozy intimacy and laidback atmosphere at this restaurant.  They easily accommodated my pescatarian diet.  Menu was French themed, I honestly wasn't overly thrilled looking at the menu but the food was delicious.  Wine selection was great.  I also did the drink pairing which was great but a lot of alcohol!  For 2 people we paid $250 with tip so it wasn't cheap.  That would be my one complaint.  Would recommend highly for those that live in Philly.We came for secret supper club and loved the experience. Because we had called ahead they made the menu vegetarian for us. I think I would knock a half star off for us since the price didn't reflect the lack of seafood in the third course, but that's my only gripe. Each course was excellent with nothing left on our plates. The brioche was divine and my wine pairing was delicious and fun. We had the Dec 2014 menú minus any pork or seafood. The service was impeccable and our table was in view of the chef preparing each course. It was a fabulous date night. There's a whole in my wallet now, but it was well worth it as an experience and romantic date night.My wife and I took part in the "Supper Club" on Saturday, and it was wonderful. The location is really cute inside, complete with grandma-style mismatched dishware/flatware. The supper is $55 for a 5-course which (for us) included an app, soup, main, cheese plate, and dessert, and everything was excellent (no spoilers). We also opted for the $35 beverage pairing, which added 3 small glasses of wine and a mini beer (Golden Monkey, surprisingly!). The service was also wonderful: very attentive, friendly, and informative. We also got 2 baggies of house-made granola, which was a great little add-on.
Overall, it was a fantastic date night stop, and with the rotating monthly menu, we'll undoubtedly be back soon.Wow what a great experience. Just had my birthday dinner (there with my girlfriends and it was so much fun. Our server August was attentive and professional. The food was good and served in a timely manner. This is a great spot for friends or small groups. I will be back!Stopped in the other day with my aunt for late lunch and had a great experience. Initially, I had planned to grab a salad from the to-go case, as they looked delicious, but my aunt talked me into trying their mac and cheese paired with the maple mustard chicken breast. Delicious!
They heated everything up for me and served it to us at a table in the beautifully-decorated seating area. After eating she insisted I check out the baked goods. I took a cookie, brownie, and a serving of the coconut rice pudding to go. All tasted deliciously homemade and fresh!
I imagine it's probably pretty packed around lunch time, but I'm definitely going to stop back in to try something else next time I'm in the area.++++
- Awesome Berkshire bacon (not sweet tho, in case you were wondering)
- And the bacon is only a dollar per slice
- Awesome zucchini bread with nuts
- Awesome cheese that hey let you take multiple samples of
- Awesome green tea latte (get the one on the side, they add something to it but I forgot...I think it's called the Americano)
-
- Packed even at 10:00am on a MondayCozy Market w/ Lots to offer.
Gasp! They sell Inspired Brews Kombucha?! 
SCORE!!!!!Lord, I've been back here several times now, but I thought I'd mention a few other items that I've tried since my first review: 
Gluten free caramel cupcake: the cake was light and moist, the frosting was very buttery and swirled with a caramel sauce that was salty-sweet. I dislike very buttery frostings, but this was pretty good - and for a gluten free cupcake, it was great!
Their scones are delicious!!! Moist but crunchy, and if you bring them home you might pop them in the oven to really bring out their flavors. The blueberry scone and the apple with cinnamon sugar on top are my favorite two.
Vegan tomato soup: wow this was delicious, creamy to the point that I wondered if it really was vegan (j/k), and very flavorful - one of the best tomato soups I've had!
Cod cakes with tartar sauce: moist and about the size of a fist with large chunks of fish, although my husband had one that had chunks of potato that were too large and he was a bit disappointed. Good tartar sauce, too.Diverse & tasty menu--quality ingredients & health conscious.  Attentive customer service.If I lived or worked in the area, I would be at Talula's Daily everyday. I love that they serve La Colombe coffee, but not only that, they know how to serve it right. Their baristas know what they're doing, every latte I've ever gotten here has been perfect! And don't just stick to the basics, their cafe specials are all pretty spectacular (love the lavender green tea latte!). I also appreciate that they bake all their bakery items in house, everything I've tried has been delicious. 
I come here mainly for the cafe and have only checked out the market a couple times. The cheese and charcuterie seem out of place and the small amount of groceries they carry seem a bit hodge-podgey. But based on all the positive reviews, I may have to try some of their prepared foods the next time I'm in. 
Definitely my favorite stop in the Washington Square area!The food is good. The management does nothing about their overprivileged, inconsiderate customers? Patrons at places like this remain planted in their seats long after their food has been eaten and their drinks have been drunk. They take up space at tables when there are clearly people standing and waiting to eat? There should be an enforced table turnover policy in any high demand place like this.We visited Talula's after an afternoon at the Museum of the American Revolution. After a 15 minute walk, we enjoyed a roast beef and ham and cheese sandwich along with some really tasty soups. They deconstructed sandwiches for us to heat them up. The food was fresh and delicious and the soups (San Marzano tomato and Cheddar Broccoli) warmed us up after a chilly walk. Checking via Yelp yielded a free house-made cookie which we enjoyed with a really great Latte (my wife said it is on of the best she has had). If you want one of their not to be missed grilled cheese sandwiches, get there early for lunch since they sell out.Last night was my second month in a row checking out their secret supper club. The second time was even more amazing than the first. They have a prix fixe menu for $55 that includes a local cheese sampling and dessert. This month's feature was a pork tenderloin that could melt in your mouth. Everything was fresh, tasty and presented very well. Prix fixe can often leave me wanting in a particular course - but Talula's Daily does an incredible job of making the entire meal work together. And the cheeses and dessert (BTW - pistachio ice cream) were perfect for the rest of the meal.  And I would be remiss if I didn't mention the octopus and bay scallop ceviche to start....all I can say is WOW. Nice job - and can't wait to see the next menu release. I will be back...Talula's Daily was a great place to grab a quick lunch before exploring the city. They had a lot of prepackaged choices - sandwiches, salads with and without a protein, soups, lots of drink choices, coffee, and a lot more. We got a simple caesar salad to share, and my husband chose a tuna sandwich on a roll while I picked a turkey BLT sandwich. They were yummy!
I guess the only reason I would say it isn't five stars is because I wasn't a huge fan of their rendition of caesar dressing. This will definitely be on our list for our next trip to Philly.This is a great addition to the city's offerings.  The Secret Suppers are a special adventure that should be on every foodie's bucket list, and the market is always a delight.  Having dropped 4 sizes and loving life in my skinny jeans, I appreciate the fact that I can get a delicious salad as a guilt free lunch, and pick up a cheese tray when we have guests - which happens a lot!  The location is very convenient  - a pleasant walk from the office that lets me get my 10,000 steps per day in - why take the bus?  Talula's Daily is that rare combination of casual ambiance and a refined menu.Really nice place with great food and friendly staff! The market style can be a bit confusing, but once you figure out where everything are, it is actually a very unique experience. We have only arrived at Philly a week ago, but have been to the place twice, that shows how much we love the place. The food is on the pricy side, but you really got what you paid for!There is no better place to enjoy a delicious brunch!  Sitting outside in the beautiful garden setting and sipping on Talula's refreshing cocktails is a great way to start a Sunday!  We tried:
WarmSweetLittleRicottaDonuts- they melt in your mouth!
OldFashionedGriddledButtermilkPancakes- Wonderful flavor and texture!
FarmEggFrittata- cheesy and flavorful.
CountryFilet&Biscuit- tender, tasty meat and buttery flaky biscuit
My family left Talula's with happy hearts and full bellies.  We recommend highly!My friend lives in Philly and she talked about this place a lot, so when I visited she finally took me to this magical cafe I had heard about - great coffee and a free cookie with a yelp check in.  Everyone who lives in Philly should come here every day, this place is so cool!We came by one night after checking in on Open Table for the 1,000 pt reservation.  They offer only a set menu at $55 per person, which is great for a 5 course meal.  They also offer a beverage pairing too for $35 if you'd like.  
From the summer menu, we had:
1. Fried zucchini.  I'm not normally a fan of zucchini, but this was delicious and perfectly fried.  Comes with a dill/horseradish dipping sauce.
2. Smoked Brisket - it came on a biscuit and had some watermelon and pickles.  This was my favorite course of the meal.  Smokey and juicy flavors from the brisket.
3. Shrimp Boil - three huge shrimp, veggies, potatoes, corn on the cob.  The flavors here were okay and a few of my potatoes were still raw in the inside.  
4. Cheese plate - a few interesting selections here where they had some that had alcoholic notes.
5. Root beer float - lovely way to end the meal - nice chocolate covered pretzel stick to mix up your drink.
Service is amazing here and well attended to.  You leave the place with some granola too (but a few of the pieces were bitter - likely going bad).  Overall, great set menu and we were stuffed by the end of the meal for sure .Went for dinner. Without a doubt one of the best surprises of the year.  Been next door several times (like it well enough), but this far exceeded expectations.  From the homemade pot bread to the wine pairings, the daily distinguished itself from other farm-to-table offerings in the city in a number of ways.  Two chefs from the dedicated very open kitchen, one server and the manager handled the entire service.  All were pleasant, super attentive and made a terrific team.  Much more personal feel than a typical service.  Chef Dave and colleague are amazingly gifted and executed on the interesting, well balanced menu like Batman and Robin.  Their highlights from the 5 course fixed menu include the antipasto (w/fresh and locally sourced veggies and cheeses), homemade ricotta pasta (tasty and suprisingly light), perfectly grilled swordfish skewers, (great grilled taste, super moist), great selection of local cheeses and a final zabaglione that was light and fruity.  (uh, wait... that was all 5... oh well -  guess I'll be back).  Chef Dave also put some molasses and shortbread finish together that was over the top.  Nice job.It has potential and that is where the 3 stars comes in. 
I visited there and noticed a lot of pre-made items and that the price points were a bit to high for what is not made fresh. The chicken on focaccia looked dry but I gave it a whirl and it was not that bad but wasn't worth what I paid. 
The other items under the counter glass, in the back, looked really good as well - I just didn't have the time. 
One big con for me is the presentation of baked goods without any cover over them on the counter and displaying things at crotch level (in as high traffic area as the main counter) so it is easy to sneeze or spit on while talking. 
With the door propped open they should have anticipated the flies and of course the flies were there! The girls behind the counter didn't even bother to swat them away until I pointed out one was sitting on a danish type item. She waved it away but left the item that the bug was on sitting there. I said that should not be sold as I walked to get my sandwich. When I went by on my way out I noticed that the plate, with those items had been removed, but I'm not at all sure it didn't come back once I left. 
Reason I  think not was that they didn't bother to cover up other items and the flies had not left the building.
Pro: They have bakery items under glass as well so you can get something sweet that has not been landed on. 
Just don't get any company that puts food out this way -esp things that are sticky - flies just get, well....stuck!
Same issue with Corner Bakery in that regard, but at least they have a glass divider of sorts. None of it does any good - esp. when people are working over the items sitting in front of them (taking money, passing things, etc) things worse than spit and flies can fall onto the food. I will never be finding out.
Think they need to plan this out a bit and clear up that counter.