Perfect food, perfect service, perfect ambiance. Anything I left out?  It was my first time there and they certainly left a good impression. Even on a Monday night, the place was packed! 
It was cold so I could not sit outside but even inside I felt like I was eating at a beautiful garden. I will make sure to sit outside in the garden as well when it's a little warmer. The pork belly is to die for and the waitress worked with me on my customized "mocktail"
From service to food to ambiance, This is now my favorite restaurant.This place is perfection! One of the nicest restaurants I've been too! The food and presentation was on point. The place is stunning in a beautiful garden setting. We ordered the burger which was so delish and the chicken waffles. The sangrias were great too! Not to sweet just the way we like it.Excellent meal!
We sat outside and the atmosphere was wonderful...great place for a romantic dinner for 2.
Arrived around opening (17h) time, seeing we had no reservation, and that was good considering the place was hopping later.
Had a the taster's menu, which changes daily...as to b expected for the 8-course menu prepared by the chef himself, each dish was exquisite! Complimentary champagne, coffee and house granola for the road rounded of a lovely experience!
Staff in general were brilliant, but our waiter Paul deserves special mention...thanx.Delicious, they do gluten free like Rock stars!  Pricey but worth it.  They are indeed famous for their cheesesAte at the bar. The bartender was kind, thoughtful, and efficient. Food was incredibly good and we loved the dessert. I don't always review restaurants we love but I just so enjoyed this dinner.I was here for a business dinner, but Talula's would definitely be great for a special occasion. The food was fantastic and the atmosphere is warm and creative. Everyone at my table enjoyed their dishes and the waiter was very knowledgeable and able to offer suggestions for both food and drink. They have a wonderful seating area outside, that if it hadn't been early April, I would have loved to take advantage of.  I definitely recommend stopping by!Excellent food, horrible service. Every time I come here for either brunch or dinner I have high expectations, and every time the service is sub-par. Long waits for food (which is somewhat understandable given how popular the place is) and servers that are either unknowledgeable about the menu or less than pleased to be working there. 3 stars because the food is deliious and the restaurant itself is beautiful.It typically takes a over the top great experience for me to write a review. However that is exactly what Talula's Garden is. Another great place with an awesome setting and food that blows you away. Their cheese plates are great. We also had their brunch items. Bacon and buttery biscuits were phenomenal. I think it was the best bacon I've ever had. Goat cheese gnocchi with local mushrooms was a great cap.Been here a couple times now and both meals were excellent, and in some way different from other Philly restaurants I've been to.
While most reviews rightfully focus on the food, I think Talula's deserves attention elsewhere.  The space, as many have noted, is very comfortable, even peaceful.  Despite how busy it gets you never feel cramped or like you need to yell in here.  That's big.  The service has always been great - you can tell the staff is well versed in the menu if not a bit jumpy in telling you so.  Heard from an employee they even send staff out to the farms where they procure much of their food to learn where things come from.  That's pretty cool. 
This is not to say the food isn't amazing.  Get a cheese plate.  I recommend the Master Collection for its variety, but the others I've seen or tried have been great as well.  Plenty of accompanying fruits and crackers that only enhance the experience, and the staff does a great job explaining each cheese when plating.
I would recommend getting two of the smaller plates rather than one main course since they're about half the price, more than half the size and this allows you to try as many things as possible.  I've had the salmon rillette, a goat ravioli that is no longer on the menu, and the NJ clam pasta.  All were light and refreshing yet filling.  Perfect.  Have heard nothing but good things from groups I've been with about what they tried as well (lamb belly, fluke crudo, hallibut).
Go.Sitting outside in the garden area anytime between May and October.  There's nowhere better. Best cheese plates. Best service, best everythingI have yet to have bad meal at this place. Great cheese selection and I love how the menu changes with the seasons.Service, food, and atmosphere are all impeccable. Great for anniversaries or birthdays. Make sure to call a few days before your reservation and request a table in the garden. Get a cheese plate.Though we do not live nearby... This has become one of our favorites. Every dish is perfectly executed and brings joy to your palette. The service is impeccable. Definitely a must!Had dinner at Talulah's Garden while visiting from Las Vegas.  The service was Phen-Om-On-Al!  We started with the crab salad and the fried oyster salad.  Wow!  they were great  then we shared a bottle of Chardonnay. We had the salmon and the sword fish entrees. We were so impressed.  Our server was so helpful and really steered us in the right directions. We made a reservation and we did not have to wait.  Being from Las Vegas, we understand service, and the service at TG could not be beat.  Great food, great service yet not pretentious.  We finished our meal with Baily's, Jameson & coffee and the doughnuts.  A great way to end an awesome meal.What a nice space! We stopped in for a drink before reservations at Rosa Blanca and had a nice time. The bar area was small and packed, but we managed to secure two seats (for four of us). If you end up having to stand, you may find yourself frequently in someone's way and having to perform a small dance to get out of the way and then back to your spot before repeating before repeating before repeating. 
That said, the drinks here are quite good. My wife had the Optimist (lemonade, huckleberry syrup, etc) and enjoyed it, as did my friend who got the Beekeeper (honey, ginger beer, etc). They have a small but nice beer selection, which I opted to choose from. 
We also ordered a cheese board, which was fantastic. It came with about 8 cheeses on it, ranging from a truffled hard cheese, through a triple-creme brie, through the Cabot clothbound cheddar, through an amazing blue, all drizzled in honey and served with pecans and grapes. One of the best cheese plates I've ever had, seriously. I was also impressed with the bartender's ability to tell us about all of these cheeses. 
Looking forward to stopping back in for a full dinner.I went to Talulas Garden for a family dinner, and I was really impressed. The Daytripper cocktail was fruity and interesting, and while the portions were small-ish, the food did not fail to delight. I highly recommend the calamari appetizer and the duck entree - both delicious. As for sweets, I sampled both the doughnuts and the cobbler, and both were divine. Would love to go back soon, when my budget allows!From the moment I saw this place online, I knew it would be absolutely amazing. All the reviews I read online were true about Talula's. This place is simply perfect. From a great scenery to amazing food and very delightful staff members. I went for brunch and dinner with one of my friends and we both agreed to go back to Talula's when we go back to Philly.
I've recommended this place to all my friends! Who ever owns Talula's Garden, please keep up the amazing work!!
PS! If you would like to sit outside, please make reservations!!Visited from Chicago and went with local friends.  Wonderful atmosphere, creative and wide menu and knowledgeable service.  A thoroughly enjoyable evening.
mikerCheese plate: GREAT
Atmosphere: Great place for big groups and dates as well 
Meal: some are better than others
Had this place in mind for awhile, and ended up going for a birthday dinner. 
It was a great place for groups and I imagine it would be a good place as a date place as well. 
Make sure to get their cheese plate, it is SO good. We got the "World Travel" one, I would come back just for the cheese plate itself. 
The meal I got was a Maryland Crab and Saffron Chitarra, but it was just okay. My friend got the Braised Beef Short Rib,and it was good, I will get this next time.My son and I came here tonight to celebrate Mother's Day.  We're visiting Philadelphia to celebrate (me being a single mother) we spent the day at the Franklin Institute and to be perfectly honest he was HANGRY!  I purposely set an esrly resevation for that reason.  The staff was amazing!  They were patient and brought the bread asap.  Our waitress was so sweet and understanding, made my son off the menu lemonade.  The food was simply fantastic.  My son had the salmon and ate almost the whole plate.  I had the skirt steak and it was tender and flavorful.  My son also had the ginger ice cream and carrot cake, he literally melted in his seat.  All in all an amazing experience!Superb experience here. The food, service, wine, and ambiance were all top notch, with healthy portion sizes, quality presentation, and great taste justifying the expense of the menu.Oh my this was outstanding!  Had the roast duck with white beans and bacon, which was out of this world.  As expected for a restaurant of this quality, they modified things as needed for my mother's gluten free diet.  Yes, you will spend $75 per person with a decent bottle of wine, but this experience was well worth every bit.  As previous reviewer said, only wish we were here when outdoor seating was possible!The wait staff here was fantastic and the ingredients were top notch, but the execution was lacking. Their mushroom soup had excellent flavor but no texture because it was blended to a puree. Almost everything I tasted was painfully salty - and this comes from someone who loves salt. I think they have the makings of a great restaurant with beautiful dishes made with impeccable ingredients, but the chef that prepared our meals did them a disservice. Cocktails were superb.After reading all of the rave reviews for Talula's Garden, my husband and I were very excited to try it out. However, from the moment we stepped in to the moment we left, we were met by one disappointment after another. Both the service and the food were average at best. 
First off, despite having a reservation we waited 40 minutes to be seated. The bar was small and completely impossible to enjoy, as we literally had to elbow through 2 rows of patrons to get drinks. When we finally got "The Dreamer" and "The Farmer", we found no difference from a regular old gin&tonic and margarita. 
The food was as unmemorable. We started with the softshell crab (which was the only delicious thing we ate) and the rabbit pasta (which was overly salty and completely inedible). For the main course I had the halibut (which was overpowered by the taste of dill as well as overcooked) and my husband had the lamb (which again was oversalted and much too rich and mushy tasting with the polenta). The food lacked dimension in regards to flavor and texture. 
A handful of our friends have been to Talula's Garden and have had similar experiences. Bad service, overpriced, overrated, and completely impersonal. I have no intention of going back.After such a memorable first experience I had high hopes but the sequel came up short in recreating the magic. The number one disappointment was the service throughout was simply never there. It turned into an over 2.5 hour dining experience (which I normally wouldn't mind but this was not a multi-course meal).
The cheese boards are still my favorite in Philly hands down. By the time we finally received the one this night I couldn't even wait for the descriptions before chowing down. I opted for the trout main course which was flavorful but needed more lemon sauce or something else to complement it. The mushrooms side this night were nothing more than something I might saute up at home in butter, such a shame. No point in sticking around for dessert this time around, I just wanted to end this meal. 
Still a huge fan of the location, outdoor space and cheese board. I will just be wary if next time in the first 15 minutes after sitting the waiter is no where to be found.WHAT. YOU NEED TO GO.
Now, this was extravagant. I chose this place for my birthday dinner. WOW. I had the chicken and my mom had the goat cheese ravioli. The chicken was maybe the best chicken I've ever had? The green sauce was so fresh that I could taste the dirt. The potatoes were BOMB. We couldn't resist splurging on dessert: ricotta doughnuts. These ricotta balls of light taught me a very important lesson. No matter how happy you are, don't cry in front of a waiter. They really don't know how to react considering you're crying over food. 
If you're willing to spend the big bucks on an amazing dinner, definitely hit it up (70 bucks for two entrees and a dessert w/ coffee). WORTH IT. There's also a Talula's daily which we went to the next morning, which is the best alternative if you're on a meth addict budget like all us college students are.Excellent spot whatever the occasion. The food and atmospheree are truly spectacular. I'd highly recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for a cute experience with some pretty phenomenal food.I was truly disappointed by my experience here.  The ambiance was lovely, the service was stellar, but the food was mediocre at best.  I was appalled at how they managed to ruin some amazing ingredients.  The halibut we ordered was unevenly cooked - one piece was undercooked, the other was overcooked and mushy.  We left the oxtail stuffed artichoke (two of my favorite foods) on the plate as it was overcooked and chewy.  The "slow cooked" pork belly on one dish was hard and chewy.   The lobster was unevenly done.  We were so disappointed that we didn't even stay for desserts, which says a lot if you know me.  I would recommend waiting awhile to visit to see if the kitchen can sort itself out.  
If you go, sit outside in the garden and only order appetizers (the stugeon rillete was good) or some cheese with a bottle of wine.I did a really fast Yelp search after arriving at the Philly airport and cam e across this place. So glad I didn't continue my search! Walked through the beautiful patio and through a little glass greenhouse styled doorway into the main dining area. Cozy and comfortable and everyone's food looked fantastic. I had the Artist cocktail (champagne + grapefruit juice) to beat the heat while waiting for a couple of their small plates (plenty for one person). The servers kept bringing out little bite-sized samples of other appetizers from the kitchen - free, wonderfully-tasty morsels...yes, more please! Service was great, not overbearing but there when you need them. Some of the seating looked a bit too "cozy" (long bench seating with a lot of separate tables along it) but I'd take any seat in this restaurant at any time.Probably my favorite meal ever. Everyone should eat here at least once. Eat in the garden/patio if the weather is nice.Food, drinks, & service outstanding.
The food was phenomenal! We tried the gnocchi with kale pesto, walnuts, and tomatoes.  I also tried the caramelized sea scallops with snap peas, beets, and tahini.  Both dishes were elegant and simple, but famously created.  Another great plus at Talula's is that a lot of their ingredients are locally sourced.
My friend and I also tried an assortment of cocktails.  We had The Southerner, The Artist, The Treehugger, The Guru, and The Optimist.  These drinks were all well balanced, complex, and unique.  Ironically, my only issue was with The Optimist.  It's referred to as "Talula's punch" on the menu, and it's exactly that. It's definitely a dessert drink, and not one to have with dinner, perhaps after.
As far as service, our waitress was very knowledgeable about the menu, and even though it was a busy night, she patiently answered all of our questions. 
Although I prefer to always try new places, I can't wait to be back at Talula's!Dined here last Saturday night. Sat outside, table of four. Our server was fantastic. She and the kitchen paced everything perfectly. We each ordered a small plate, a half pasta, and an entree. We had cocktails and wine. The bill was expensive, but we ordered a lot of food. We tried all 4 of the pastas- each excellent. I love homemade pastas! My appetizer was the fried oysters. So yummy! The dressing was delicious! For my entree I had the petite butcher filet. The meat was cooked perfectly and very flavorful. The dish as a whole was great but the crab pasta and oyster salad were the stars of the night. Great ambience. Outside seating is amazing.We went here with friends and family and had a great time. The atmosphere was a lot of fun and perfect for spring time. The staff was both kind and lots of fun to be around. They have a fun drink menu and their dinner menu is full of fun farm to table eats.This is the farm to table experience at it's best.  Every bite from every dish just awakened my dormant taste buds, and I just about shedded a tear from the succotash- yes, it was that good.  I started w/Tempura Squash Blossoms- golden pillows of perfection. Wonderfully seasoned & fried to perfection; light and warm w/ oozy center of lemon kissed goat cheese. 
My entree was the scallops w/watercress & pine nut milk. The scallops were like butta I tell you; melt in your mouth deliciousness. The additional side of succotash jalapeno was insanely delish! I think I tasted a hint of allspice in it? I would love to know.  
The service was on point. Andrew was our waiter and was very accommodating & attentive. Jenny the GM. came over and seemed genuinely interested in our dining experience. After letting her know that the restaurant felt like an expanded, even more upscale version of "Terrain" in Glen Mills, Jenny explained that a lot of their outside decor comes from Terrain. 
I just fell in love with the whole experience, and have never been this excited over a new restaurant in Philly like this for sometime. I wish some of the negative reviewers would give it another chance, and hope their negative reviews don't deter those who have yet to check it out.I've been to Talula's Garden twice so far and the food has been nothing short of [fancy-descriptors-for-"wonderful"-insert-here].
I shamefully have not yet dined in the pretty outdoor section yet, however, due to rain and cold. Two good reasons to sit inside, yes? Plus, an excuse to return someday!
Highlights since TG has been reviewed many times over already:
- USA cheese plate. Geeeet a cheese plate... any cheese plate! You will not regret this decision. Oh my goodness, delicious.
- Chicken. Sounds boring, but their take is so tasty. This is some juicy stuff, and the accompanying sides are usually quite good too. Last visit, they were olives and potatoes.
- Peppermint tea. What a great way to end a meal! Cozy atmosphere + a cup of hot tea. So nice.
TG is expensive as heck, but it owns up to its rep, that's for sure.Very nice meal with excellent service. 
But I just expected more.
I just felt as though I wouldn't be able to stop talking about how good it was and unfortunately I can't.
There was nothing at all wrong with anything at all, but nothing really stood out either.Really liked this place for a lot of reasons, and there is very little NOT to like.  The pros:  This was a wonderful meal - high-quality ingredients, interesting preparations, creative presentation.  Friendly and attentive service.  The cons:  The excessive crowding of the place on a weeknight (can't imagine what it's like on a weekend) and how close they pack the tables in; the prices.  Yes, it is a pretty restaurant with a pretty nice ambiance, but sitting three inches from another couple detracts from that ambiance for me.  Bill was $150 incl. tip for two people - one round of drinks, two entrees, a shared salad, and shared dessert.  This is definitely on the high side.  It's food, people -- no matter how they "source" it (this term so gets on my nerves!!).  I think this place is unique for Philly and they are able to justify NYC prices as a result.  Good for them.  I would definitely go back and would recommend it to anyone looking for a special occasion place in Center City Philly.The service and attention to detail is phenominal.  Not to mention the food is fresh and excellent.  They really do a good job of reinventing their menu on a seasonal basis.  Probably the best duck breast I've ever had.  Try the side of mushrooms.  Stephen Star doesn't disappoint!This place is one of my favorites in Philadelphia.  I have yet to be disappointed and each time I go, the food tastes fresh and delicious. Their beet salad is heavenly and the main dishes are mouth watering! I highly recommend it!Wonderful dining experience. The food was bar none. The service was top notch. They were gracious and accommodating when it came to my son's allergies. Everything was clean. Every detail was thought of. The evening was already going perfectly and then we mentioned that we are farmers and it was as if they thought we were royalty -or maybe they treat all their customers like royalty! I wish every restaurant was as thoughtful as this one.Went there for brunch on my birthday. The place is decorated beautifully and would appeal to anyone with a green thumb. 
I was pregnant at the time and the bartender whipped me up the yummiest mocktail ever - a non alcoholic version of their rhubarb mojito. Very delicious. 
I ordered the pancakes with strawberries. They were easily the best I have ever eaten. The batter was decadent and the edges had a buttery crunch to them. My husband had a burger which was also top notch. The deviled eggs appetizer was unique and worth getting! 
Can't say enough great things about this place.My wife and i came here for her birthday in june. the weather was wonderful and we had planned to sit in the garden; however, once we got the we notice that due to the way the wind was blowing into the garden area, it was forming a wind tunnel. so even though it was beautiful out there we opted for indoor seating.
the inside was equally as stunning. high ceilings and doorways make it feel grand and very spacious. the decor was beautiful and up-to-date. 
the gentleman who waited on us was great! very knowledgeable about their cheese platers and wines. He didn't even look at his pad or anything. i was impressed. We started with one of the cheese platters. It was unbelievable. I am a huge fan of blue cheese, so we got one with a few different kinds. Different textures and tastes, it was a great experience. I had the lamb and my wife had the duck. we got a side of potatoes to go with it. everything was so good. both proteins were cooked perfectly, and the potatoes were creamy and delicious. 
For dessert we got the deconstructed s'more. Chocolate molten cake, smoke flavored ice cream, graham cracker crumble = amazing!
This is a must goThe menu is great. It feels fresh and invigorating with all the different cooking methods used within each dish, but without losing the meal to a complexity of flavors. Chris is the man! He knows who, what, where, when, and why about everything. The experience was great.'Seasonally inspired urban American food' in Stephen Starr's garden-to-table joint venture with Aimee Olexy of Talula's Table, the legendary Kennett Square 12-seater that requires at least a year's notice to snag a reservation. Talula's Garden makes the 'Table' available to the masses in Philly, albeit still at inflated prices for conservative portions. The food was good, but overrated based on all the buzz I had heard in advance about this place.
The premium you pay is for the ambiance: Talula's Garden is a delight for the eyes. Lest you forget the farm-to-table concept, the interior features reclaimed wooden planks for its walls and tables, an entire wall for a 'vertical garden' of fresh herbs, and an Alice Waters quote printed in large script.  There's also a gorgeous decorated patio garden for outdoor seating, which is definitely going to be hoppin' this summer. 
As for the food: 
- Entrees: the Caramelized Sea Scallops (with spring puree, pine nut milk, and watercress) and Lacquered Chicken Breast (crusted in hazelnut) were both nicely cooked, but nothing special - and the chicken in particular was a much smaller dish than expected
- Desserts: In the Sweet Doughnuts, the donuts were beignet-style and fine, but the star was definitely the fresh strawberry sauce. I was a fan of the Rhubarb Gateau (on olive oil shortbread, served with rhubarb sherbet). 
Having had a meal at Alice Waters' Chez Panisse as a frame of reference, I wasn't blown away by Talula's Garden. But food was still solid, service was smooth and pleasant, and I'm all about the concept. I also can't get enough of that brioche with ramp butter they give you...Dining at Talula's Garden was easily the best restaurant experience I've ever had.
I came here for my birthday dinner / to break our Yom Kippur fast. I chose it because of the cheese menu and the rest of the menu looked just as delicious. The food lived up to expectations - it was amazing. The cheese plate we ordered was absolutely delicious and thoughtfully constructed. We also ordered the focaccia appetizer, suckling goat pasta to share, and then the duck and lamb for our entrees.
Unfortunately after the appetizer I started to feel very ill (not at all related to the food, likely related to my day of fasting) and was too nauseous to continue eating. Our waitress was incredibly kind - she boxed up our entrees to go and included a complimentary dessert. She offered me tea and ginger ale to help settle my stomach. She also made sure they brought out a birthday dessert with a candle and included a small to-go container to allow me to take that with us as well. I was blown away by their above and beyond service. The staff managed to take what could have been an incredibly disappointing night (by no fault of their own) and made it a memorable birthday.
We had our leftover the next day and the food was still SO incredible. I can only imagine how much better it would have been without sitting in my fridge for a day. I can't wait to come back here for our next special occasion.When you walk into Talula's Garden you are just so blown away by the decorum. The esthetic attention to detail in the fairytale-meets-shabby-chic restaurant is something everyone must see. I wanted so badly for that initial gasp to continue into our meal and our experience and it just sadly fell a little short. 
First I'll say that the food is great. Maybe not for the price awesome but if you had AMAZING service you wouldn't mind spending $$$ because your surroundings are so awesome as well. 
We couldn't get anyone to fill our wine glasses. No one really asked how our food was. No one made suggestions when we ordered or helped us with our experience. We disliked a dessert and no management or chef came to find out why. It was just like we were dining at any other restaurant. Which we clearly were not for the price tag.
As others have written, our favorite part of the meal were the hot rolls they give you at some point. SO SO GOOD. If they do not give them to you during your meal for some reason, please beg for them. They will not disappoint. 
The cheese plate was solid and the person who delivered this did explain all the cheeses, thankfully. 
The table grabbed a few beginnings/pastas and the highlights by far were the heirloom tomato salad and the crab pasta. VERY good and very sharable. 
Our meals were all pretty good too. Everyone had something different from the meat to the fish. I would say if we returned we would stick to the smaller plates because they were a more creative spread and we had luck with the options. They definitely don't just cater to one specific taste profile which helped with an array of people with different dietary needs. 
Potentially my expectations were really high because I had been waiting so long to go but a 3.5 stars just made me sad. If they could work on the service and the experience I would gladly return but until then I may stick to the tried and true's of that price point.The food was wonderfully creative and beautiful. The tastes were delicious and interesting: micro-brewed ginger ale, bright green stinging nettle puree, pickled red onion, blood orange sorbet, perfectly cooked and seasoned fish and meats, and perfect desserts. The waiter was friendly, smart, and the perfect guide for the menu. You could tell he loved the food and loved working there. He really took a great meal and made it a fantastic meal. The supporting staff was also friendly and great in the personality department. The lighting is low and warm. Wonderful I say. We had an incredible time and highly recommend the place.First, the food. The food was pretty good. The pan seared gnocchi were delicious and the cheese board was really good as well. Everyone else in my party liked their dishes and it was presented very nicely. The portions were pretty small, however. I am usually for small portions, but the prices weren't small to go along with it. $30 for a main, something you'd pay less than $15 for at a place like Barbuzzo for something equal in size.
Second, the atmosphere. I came here for a special occasion dinner after making reservations two weeks in advance, requesting that we sit out in the garden. We arrived on time and were told that we'd have to wait two hours if we wanted a garden seat and were placed by the bar inside instead. This was really disappointing as it was such a beautiful night. If I would have known I would have made reservations someplace else that would have been more accomodating. The inside was nice, but loud (we had to shout across the table).
I probably won't go back.In any case, an incredible place. Food and atmosphere are impressive. The menu is seasonal, so it varies depending on when you are there. The boards are beautifully presented and torn with fragrance. All dishes are made exclusively from fresh products.Came with a ladyfriend late on a Saturday night on the strong recommendation of a local.  We ate pretty light, splitting one of the many cheese plates, a nice bottle of Diseño Malbec, and the absolutely delectable foie gras with sour plum jam.  Our waitress was informative and attentive, giving us the rundown on all of the cheeses, which were served with various sauces that complimented their flavor.  We finished with the hazelnut ice cream.  
The tables were a tiny bit close together, but on a Saturday night, that's to be expected.  Would've loved to eat in the 'garden' area, but apparently it's on a first come basis.  The location and ambiance are just delightful, although Washington Square seemed pretty quiet.
This rating would be a 5-star, except that Talula's Garden is a tad bit pricey.  The $50 Argentinian Malbec was one of the least expensive on the list, although I have to say it was damn good for the price.  All of the entrées were in the $30 range.  Actually, screw it, I'm changing this rating to 5 stars.loved loved loved the atmosphere!  its so cute inside w/ potted plants at the table.  i think we had a pot of swiss chard at the table.  i like all the colors and decor.  felt very homey.
our waitress was not the nicest.   we were not a fan of her service.
the brioche butter rolls were good but not to DIE for....and i wish they continued bringing more out...
we ordered 3 appetizers to share
- autumn salad:  nice and light
- crab'/lobster/beet salad:  lots of reviews on it, i enjoyed it. heaps of crab/lobster meat and beets!  flavored w/ horseradish sauce
- gnocchi/brusels sprouts:  really delicious and i wish i had a plateful....
i had some of my friend's duck, which was tasty, crispy, smokey.
i ordered the scallops bc i always over cook them myself.  they were perfectly cooked and i enjoyed the pine nuts/cauliflower.  only complaint is that the scallops were a bit on the salty side so the cauliflower helped neutralize the saltiness.
i'd come back for the food and to try a new dish and hopefully get better server.Beautiful place, excellent service Good food but small portions. Extremely expensive. Prepare to leave with your stomach and wallet empty.This was the most fantastic dinner I've had in Philly in a while! The drinks were delish & the Gnocchi and Scallops WOAH, yum. After a few drinks my friend described the dish as "fluffy little baby angles" yes, it was that good. The cheese dish was unique and cucumber onion and feta salad was also lovely and very fresh. I will be visiting here again soon.You ever go to a place where every item taste so good you want to dance in your seat. This would be the place. I have been here on 4 occasions. Each time the service was excellent and the food was amazing.Some of the best dishes I've ever had (love the cheese tray, gnocchi, and some of the entrees), pizzas and so on great. Desserts vary but I enjoyed. They brought out freebies for my son's birthday, great dinner. Been there 3 times and will definitely go back!Great decor and loved sitting in the cute patio area.   Overall a nice dining experience.  That being said I don't see myself going back anytime soon for dinner.   $133 for 2 people made the dining experience a tad overpriced.    I just went to Amis with 4 people and only spent $170 (and enjoyed there more). 
Pros:  Desserts were good though a tad small.   I would surely stop by here in the future for a drink and dessert.   Great decor. Great staff.   Enjoyed the cheese selection.
Cons:  Cost.   Starters and Mains were small and pricey.   While everything we ate was good nothing made us say "we need to come back and eat this again".The food was divine but the service was just ok, for one main reason. I'll start with the food:
We started with the apple salad which was the perfect pairing for our entrees which were more on the filing side. I had the Roasted Duck Breast, it was cooked perfectly and the fried rice it was paired with was also great, although I did think it was a little dry. My boyfriend had the Trout, which I instantly regretted not ordering myself because it was that amazing. 
Now on the service: we were celebrating my birthday, when my boyfriend made the reservation he made a note of the occasion. The restaurant called him the day before to confirm, he made sure to ask if they did anything special for birthdays, they said they could bring a dessert with a candle. On the night of they did not follow through on what was promised over the phone, he was extremely disappointed that he had planned a special gesture and the restaurant dropped the ball.Spectacular!  Wonderful setting, interesting and delicious food.  Pricey but worth it.
We started with the cheese sampler, shared for 2 people.  There are 6 or so different fligh options - all sounded great, and the one we chose was indeed.  Truly wonderful idea and it was an amazing selection of great cheeses.  Next was a spectacular pear salad.  Entres were each outstanding - one beef and one salmon - both were interesting and delicious.  Great sides, and wonderful deserts.
The wine selection was fantastic, and service was on point - attentive but not intrusive.
The setting was lovely - outside on the patio on a fall day, the green wall above us.  Truly perfect.  
Total cost for 2 people with shared cheese plate, shared salad, 2 entres, 2 deserts, tax & top = $260.  A special meal for a special occation.Family members suggested that we try Talula's Garden because of the great food, fresh ingredients, and awesome selection of cheeses. So a friend of mine and I decided to try it out on New Years Eve, and we opted out of the 8 course prefixed menu.
While the menu held so many tasty treats that were tempting, We ended up ordering the scallops appetizer along with the Fois gras. Both were absolutely delicious. The scallops were tender and warm and melted in our mouths, and the fois gras was served as a pâté with a toasted baguette. Some of the best Fois gras I've had.
For our entree we split a beef special. It was served with kale (which I'm not a big fan of) that to my surprise was actually quite delicious. The meat was high quality meat which I appreciated, but I would have liked something more with it. While testing fresh and succulent, I just needed something else with the dish.
For dessert we had one of their fantastic cheese trays which I highly recommend for anyone who enjoys good cheese. The selection was astonishing and the presentation was perfect. 
I'm very happy I tried talulas garden, and really want to go back. Our dinner total was 160 including tip, and as a college student I will need to wait a bit before I return, but I'm counting down the days.
After returning a second time, everything was fantastic again. One meal came out way to salty, but the staff and manager handled it very quickly and the issue was resolved. Still a five star experience.Over the experience was great. As you walk into the entrance of the restaurant they had gas lamps and lights dressing up the place. The inside is very earthy, but styled well. We got the American cheese plate which was excellent. I had the Ox tail appetizer which was very small for tasted great. Next I had the scallops. I was a bit disappointing, they were very salty and bland. I also tried the lamb which was very good and someone else had the salmon and loved it. The wine was great and dessert was excellent as wellI have nothing bad to say about this place. 
The garden is beautiful, the service was fast, friendly, and professional, and the food was amazing. Every item on the menu looked incredible, but we ended up going with the deviled eggs, the scallops, the cucumber and tomato salad, and the grits, and it was all wonderful. 
Will definitely be going back to try everything else.Beautiful space. Great outdoor bar area. A special place in the cityTalula's Garden is currently our favorite Philly restaurant.  It's not like other Stephen Starr options, where atmosphere often stands out more than food.  Thanks to a partnership with Aimee Olexy, Talula's Garden combines seasonal, farm-fresh ingredients with knowledgeable, friendly servers and a relaxing, garden-inspired ambiance.  We've been here four times, and I'm sure we'll come back as often as possible.
The food is wonderful, often featuring sweet and salty flavors and a pleasant variety of textures.  Each meal, I've chosen a different entree: the salmon, scallops, bluefish, and duck, and I've always been pleased.  The appetizers, such as the creamy celery root soup, are also delicious.
For dessert, I always get a cheese plate.  I'm not a fan of strong goat, bleu, or triple cream cheeses, and the servers always make perfect recommendations for me.  Cypress Grove's "Midnight Moon" was the best goat cheese I've ever tasted, thanks to Jennifer's suggestion.  Speaking of which, the servers have all been friendly and are very knowledgeable about the food and cheeses.  It helps make dining here a learning experience, as opposed to an ordinary meal.  Overall, we can't wait to come back.Great atmosphere, food was awesome.  New drink of the Summer, The Bee Keeper.  Honey lemonade, dark rum, garnished with ginger.
Very comfortable outside seating.Beautiful decor and exemplary service were the hallmarks of our recent meal at Talulas.  The food was delicious and visually appealing, and we thoroughly enjoyed our experience.  I started with Oysters and Pickles which was artfully arranged on my plate with fresh crispy lettuce greens and creme fraiche. The oysters were lightly fried and tasted fabulous. I am glad I stepped out of my comfort zone to try it.  Hubby had a dish with red snapper that was equally as appealing.  The bread was soft and warm from the oven, a buttery brioche with a dollop of flavored butter.  So so good.  For dinner I had the scallops, served with parsnips and baby kale, and he had salmon.  We also shared a healthy portion of crispy fingerling potatoes with kale...incredible.  Everything was superb.  We decided not to have dessert but took a peek at the menu and it looked like a well rounded selection.  Next time.
Again, the service was perfect - warm and friendly, and very knowledgeable.  He answered our questions without a hint of impatience, and checked on us just the right amount of times to allow us time to enjoy each other and our meal.  One tiny issue might be the lighting.  It was so dim, I could barely see what I was eating.  Also, the couple who were seated next to us were so close we may as well have been with them.  Luckily, they arrived as we were leaving so it wasn't that big of a deal.
All in all, a fabulous experience at Talulas Garden.  Can't wait to return.We had an early reservation on Easter Sunday, and were pleasantly surprised to find it so uncrowded. Despite threats of rain, our 4-top was determined to sit in the garden and we lucked out with the weather. The garden is absolutely gorgeous. We had a lovely server who was spot on with recommendations. Service was attentive and friendly. 
Talula's has a wonderful cocktail menu. I enjoyed the Farmer (a twist on a Bellini) and the Beekeeper (a refreshing mint julep type drink). The Orange Creamsicle also got rave reviews. 
As a group we split the Master Collection cheese plate. Probably the prettiest plate of cheese I have ever seen - served on slate, dotted with accompaniments like hazelnuts and raisins and a tiny jar of local honey. 
I tasted the ricotta gnudi, which was delicious. I went with the Gnocchi for my entrée and was seriously close to licking the plate clean. Others enjoyed the sea scallops, the duck, and the halibut. For dessert, we were evenly split - the millefeuille of bananas and hazelnut with chocolate gelato, and dark chocolate cremeaux. The millefeuille was presented beautifully with paper thin bananas layered with toffee. 
Quite appropriately, the bill ends up being pretty high, and our only complaint was that while the food is truly wonderful, the amount of food is a little scarce. A few more gnocchis and sea scallops would have been perfect. 
We would go back in a heartbeat!Outstanding. Creative menu that made sense. Fresh ingredients, insightful waitstaff and comfortable decor. Every farm-to-table establishment should take it's cue from Talula's.Lovely lovely lovely!
I came here for brunch on a Sunday and sat outside. It was pretty hot early on (it's summer) but it got nicer an hour later. Definitely check the weather before sitting out - but if there's good weather it's so pleasant! There was also a gay pride parade going on outside just across the gate. This is definitely the best place to eat outdoors in Philly. Decorated so beautifully too.
Had the Sunday Best (cheese and honey) since everyone I've spoken to tells me how delightful the cheese and breads are. Didn't try any breads, but the cheese are definitely good, and just the right amount. They melt really fast under the sun though! 
Had the Garden Brunch next - it wasn't very filling (it never is when you order scallops..) but it was nice. Not great though - a tad salty and it didn't fit quite well, and the salad was pretty blah. Nevertheless, palatable.
The Dark Chocolate Bacon Smores were to die for! My eating companion commented that places seem to add bacon in everything nowadays, and this may me so glad for it!
Also had Chamomile tea, didn't go so well with anything else, but that was my own choice, so :P
Anyway, 4* but bumping up to 5* because I loved sitting outside so much! I can imagine it'd be great for dates and stuff as well :)If Talula's Garden cut their prices in half, or possibly discounted everything by 30%, I'd have a much easier time giving them a 4- or even 5-star rating. My scallops were very good, the drinks I ordered were delicious and the desserts were fantastic, but the prices were simply astronomical given the portion sizes.
Sure, the place is beautiful, but I could say that about half the new restaurants in Philly. Sorry, I'm just not ready to pay $30 for a quarter of a chicken to experience it.
If you are headed over here for dinner, I highly recommend ordering the Carmelized Sea Scallops for your entree and the Sweet Doughnuts and Rhubard Gateau for dessert. Also, make sure to ask for extra bread - that stuff was almost worth the prices. Almost!Stumbled in here upon a hotel concierge recommendation.  Great experience.  Cheese sampler solid.  Fruits so ripe and flavorful.  Good wine list.   Sevice was not amazing, but solid.  Would go back.I took a lady friend out on a date and was extremely impressed with this place. I made reservations for 8:15 and didn't have to wait longer than a few minutes. We were seated outside which was the perfect ambiance. Christopher was our waiter which made all the difference. I asked him about a few things on the menu and not only was he very friendly, he broke down each dish from the ingredients all the way to the method in which they prepare each dish. He was very informative and made my experience very enjoyable, friendly, and he recommended dishes that were amazing. 
Here is the icing on the cake- I was picked up by an uber and only a few minutes into the ride, I got a phone call from the restaurant- "You left your Vape Pen on the table". First I was blown away that they got in touch with me so fast. Chris literally ran to the front, asked them if I made a reservation, got my phone number and called me within minutes ( I would of been lost the next day without my pen!)
Highly Highly recommended!!!!Perfection! The service was spot on and the server gave us just enough attention that it wasn't annoying. The manager came over and introduced herself and asked if we needed anything to improve our experience. The food could not be any better and I can't wait to come back when it's warmer to enjoy the outside patio! Don't walk here, run!!My favorite restaurant in philly. Service is superb-- super friendly and knowledgable about the menu. If you order a cheese plate a special "cheese monger" will come over and explain every cheese on the plate to you-- including flavors, location of the farm it came from, and any awards it won. If you want to sit in the outdoor garden you'll have to wait a little longer but it's worth it in the right weather.My boyfriend took me to Talula's Garden last weekend for my birthday and boy was I excited. I read all the Yelp reviews, ooh'ed and ahh'ed at my idea of the perfect ambiance - delicate candle lights adorning each table, lights beaming from lush tree vines, and was excited about the intricately crafted dishes after looking at the menu. Needless to say, I was sold that this was a restaurant I must check out while in town.
PROS:
*Attentive service - Our waiter was great. He was very attentive to all of our needs, and at one point of the night, the restaurant manager even checked in with us. We sat outdoors under a heat lamp in the 'garden' since the weather was beautiful that night, but it did get a bit chilly, and he made sure that we weren't too cold. Additionally, I ordered an iced tea that came in a cute mason jar, and it was automatically refilled without me asking. We also asked him to take several photos of us since it was a special occasion, and he was more than happy to. I always feel like a nuisance when I ask for photos, but he was very friendly and didn't mind at all!
*Compliments of the chef - Before our appetizer arrived, our waiter brought us 2 delicious mini brioche bread rolls with garlic butter. It was quite tasty.
*I ordered the Roasted Rohan Duck Breast, Winter Farro Risotto, Butternut Squash, Brandied Raisins, Sage Scented Duck Sausage, Pickled Cabbage 3 dish - I love duck and I really enjoyed the duck. The meat was tender and pleasing to the taste buds, not to mention an interesting combination of ingredients.
*Atmosphere, ambiance - I'm a sucker for romantic spots, and this place hit the checkbox for me. Gentleman, grab your boo, and thank me later ;) ! You will not regret it.
*They take reservations, we were here at 6:15 PM on a Saturday night, and it wasn't packed inside or outside.
CONS:
*My boyfriend found that the portion of his Salmon Black Pearl Salmon, Crispy Brussels Sprouts, Mustard Seed Malt Vinaigrette, Apple Cider Pearls and Smoked Brown Butter dish was quite small and nothing special given the price. 
For dessert, we finished off with the Kentucky 'Pecan Pie' Ice Cream Sundae (Bourbon-Pecan Ice Cream, Gooey Pie Crust and Bourbon Sauce) which was delicious. They even wrote 'Happy Birthday' on it for me which was a nice touch. Overall, I really enjoyed my dining experience and would return! :)Love the atmosphere- the fixed menu is always fresh and delicious. I had some dietary restrictions and they were happy to accommodate and replaced it with something equally as delicious. Its my favorite special occasion venue and we always have the wine pairing with the meal. Never disappoints :)Always bustling, full of excitement and tasty eats and drinks, Talula's is a great date spot as they run the gammut from small plates/wine and cheese to 8 (yes 8) course tasting menus. Personally, I enjoy this as more of a wine and cheese spot, they have a great fresh selection of cheeses (usually 5-6 combos).
Definitely recommend puttng in a reservation, and be advised it's definitely on the pricier side.Talula's garden is one of the best restaurants I have been to in Philadelphia. Not only is the food here absolutely delicious, the atmosphere is wonderful. Even though this restaurant is located in downtown Philadelphia when you are sitting in the garden, you instantly forget that. The outside seating is enclosed on the side of the restaurant, compete with plants and lights all around. You really do feel as if you are in a garden.  I can't think of any other place in Philadelphia with nicer outdoor seating. It's definitely worth the extra wait to sit outside. 
Once you get over the great atmosphere of the garden, the food here will continue to impress you. Everything that we ordered was cooked to perfection and extremely inventive with interesting sauces that added something extra to the meal without being to overpowering. 
When we arrived the waiter recommended that me and my boyfriend each get one small plate and then one entree. We decided to not listen to his advice and share a small plate and then each get our own entree and we found this to be more than enough food.   I had the sea bass, It was just the right amount of crispy and then topped off with sauces. My boyfriend ordered the chicken entree, which was very tender. Both entrees came topped with fresh vegetables. 
As for drinks, the white wine sangria is delicious, and the fresh fruit in the sangria is always a nice touch!This is one of the top three restaurants I have been to since moving to Philly 2 years ago, and I keep coming back. The service has always been friendly  without crossing boundaries; the wait staff is well informed about both the food and drink lists and helpful is steering you toward something you will love. the menu is vegetarian friendly. Atmosphere is perfect. I'm on the fence as to whether the food is always quite up to its pricing, but overall I would say you won't be disappointed. Great to stop at the bar for the drink and lite meal or to hunker down for a few hours to celebrate a special occasion. Thanks, Talula's, for your hard work!Let me preface this by saying I chose this location to shoot my engagement photos due to the consistent brand that Talula delivers at all of their locations. Being that this is my first time and hopefully last time to shoot engagement photos, I was a bit hesitant at first, to shoot inside a public restaurant.  The staff there was extremely gracious and accommodating to all our needs. They delivered us snacks to use as props for our photos. We finalized our shoot with an unforgettable meal of course.  My highlight was the raw chilled tuna crudo with lime salt and summer melons. I can't even describe what all my taste buds were feeling with each bite. To top off our magical night they honored our occasion with a "happy engagement" message on our dessert tray. The Fig mascarpone parfait, what can I say other that it's the best dessert concoction served in a cup that can only be rivaled by Barbuzzo's salted caramel budino. What an unbelievable experience and kudos to the entire staff for making this a comfortable environment.Food was very good. Staff was very attentive. Don't understand why prices on bill didn't match what was on the menu.One of our favorite city restaurants let us down tonight. Our party of 4 waited 45 minutes for our table only to wait an exceedingly long time for each and every course. Even drinks took forever. Our waitress, rather than being apologetic simply said the chef is doing his best. The cheese tray (the world traveler ) didn't let us down and the tuna crudo was perfection but all of our entrees were over salted , over seasoned and over oily. We hope they get themselves together before we return again.The garden atmosphere and interior surroundings are very nice and a step up from the former Washington Square, the service seemed very good and our server knew the menu and the wine list well.
We came here because we wanted to sit outdoors, when we made the reservation earlier that day, we were told that outdoor seating was on a first come, first serve basis - however when we couldn't sit outside and saw that many tables were open and "reserved" we were very disappointed.    Once indoors, the neighboring table was covered with small talk by the server and served complimentary cheese, brioche and other tasty looking stuff.   It became very clear that if you're a regular here, you'll have a different and better experience than the less frequent guest.   Hey no biggie, frequent flyers deserve and extra perk or two, let's talk about the food:
I ordered the menu's hanger steak, and Ms. Fly had the Tilefish (fresh but a little bland).    The hanger steak was sliced and served in a delicious jus; it was slightly underdone (requested medium) and knowing what happens to hanger steak when you overcook it, the chef probably wanted to play it safe - still it was underdone.  The heirloom tomatoes were covered with a vinegary drizzle that killed the tomatoes flavor and the few roasted potatoes were mushy.   The portion size was just right for a 5-year old, so we ordered desert. 
The cookie plate was four cookies, cold & nothing spectacular other than the caramel which tasted fresh and home made. 
The wine list was OK, we found several nice choices and thought the prices were OK also.
Overall, I wasn't wowed.   I guess I set the culinary expectations too high, and  to top it off, Talula's prices are higher than I expected also.Absolutely flawless! Was taken here for my birthday and loved every part of the meal. We started with a cheese plate that was amazing, even for someone who isn't really a "cheese person" like me. Every little accompaniment and sauce was enjoyable, as was the variety of bread/crackers. For starters we got the chopped salad and rosemary pappardelle, entrees were the salmon and scallops. Everything was fresh and perfectly paired. For dessert, the s'mores pot de creme was the best possible ending to the meal, so delicious! 
We unfortunately couldn't sit in the garden because of rain, but it looked so beautiful! Definitely returning to try brunch and sit outdoors.Holy moly...what a meal!  During a recent visit to Philadelphia, my friend and I dined at this amazing Washington Square hotspot per a recommendation from a coworker. So happy we did! 
We started off with the fried oysters which was a fairly hearty portion, served with a salad type topping.  Delish.  For entrees, my friend ordered the salmon and Brussels sprouts and I had the New England cod--nom.  I had a bite of her meal and absolutely loved it.  Tender salmon and perfectly crisp veggies.   Mine was amazing--buttery cod, impeccably spiced fingerling potatoes, and a small side salad.  Yum!   We shared a carrot cake for dessert which was a perfectly sized portion for two people to split, with an ice cream side. 
Prior to our food being brought out, we were presented with these amazing little croissant type breads, filed with garlic butter.  Oh.  My.  Goodness.  I wanted to bathe in that butter.  So good in fact, that we asked for another portion. 
Make sure to grab a reservation for Talula's--this gem fills up!  So worth the trip!Extremely expensive for merely B+ quality.  The cocktails were all A+, but the brunch dishes were only "good."
When we were presented with the cheese plate, the establishment specialty, the food runner was merely reading from a script.  It's good to have some notes about the cheese, but he clearly didn't know what he was doing and needs more training.
Also - beware of allergies.  There were nuts in an unexpected place.Favorite place for us. The atmosphere is perfect, food is amazing and the service is impeccable. Try it for brunch!Went here for my birthday, definitely a special meal. Great staff, very accommodating and helpful.  The cheese plates are a must and the gnocchi is always a favorite. Highly recommend this restaurant for a special occasion, or just a fun night on the town. Very cute and lively atmosphere.Definitely the best brunch in Philadelphia. After moving from San Francisco, nothing compares with the brunch places but this one is up there. They change the menu about every month or so and you can make reservations on open table! 
We also went for dinner a few times and it is also excellent!Excellent Food, Service, and Interior in Philly - We are accustomed to excellent, higher-end restaurants of Manhattan, and were disappointed with our meals in Philadelphia, but Talula's was a welcome respite. We did not opt for the tasting menu, as my wife did not like all the dishes, but a la carte I ordered the pear salad, the duck breast entree with a side of grits, and a caramel bar dessert, while my spouse had the parsnip soup - I loved this - blackened chicken, and the banana maple mousse. We loved all of it. The drinks were fun, and the service was attentive. Our only issue, albeit minor, was our initial seating was next to a loud group of 6, and although it was near a front window that soared 20+ feet, with gorgeous original detailing on the walls next to us, we had to ask for another seat. This is a loud place with many groups, so be mindful of where you are placed.We had a cocktail on this lovely little green garden patio tucked away in the middle of the city. Our cocktails were very good and the bartender was speedy and friendly. But the ambiance takes the cake here - lush flowering plants and dangling twinkle lights overhead. Great spot to unwind if the weather is temperate. We also had a clever disappearing cheese plate. Just magical.Beautiful location, great food and cocktails, and amazing service. 
If you have time, I recommend waiting to be seated in the outdoor terrace patio surrounded by trees and lights - it's so beautiful and romantic! But no worries if you don't get a seat out there, the indoor is beautifully decorated with high ceilings. Our server was extremely attentive to all of our needs and checked back often. We had ordered the bacon and peach salad, sea scallops, and almond donuts. 
The flavors in the bacon and peach salad worked extremely well together, a combo I would probably never think of combining at home! The scallops pretty much melted in your mouth. There was not a thing I did not like here. 
5/5 starsIncredibly beautiful use of the in-between building space.  It looks so quaint at night with all the ivy and lanterns.  Great job with the atmosphere.... 
The food was so complex with so many subtle flavor notes that one has to chew very slowly and think about the array of flavors.  The rolls they brought out were fresh and delicious.  I had the rainbow trout dish, which was succulent. Perfect trout. The potato cake was very unique and scrumptious.  The mini onions are Sweet and tangy.  Those were very unique. So much going on and so fresh top notch quality.  
Prices weren't too bad for what you are getting. Very cool vibe. Minus the guy breaking up with someone over the phone :) at the bar, Woody Allen style. Very comical and passive aggressive but didn't fit the vibe.   :)
You have to try this place! Lovely in every wayKinda pretty, mega-yuppie setting on Washington Square but that's about all.
Food's just okay.  Mostly upset because we were seated near the bathroom during a time when the restaurant wasn't really all that crowded.  I paid $70 for brunch but listened to the toilet flushing the entire time I was in the restaurant...
Had the ricotta doughnuts to start - we got 4 of them for $10 and they were not big enough to really taste anything.  Had the pancakes as the main meal and they were pretty tasty but, again, not a lot for $16.  Friend had the duck and said it was good.  I'll admit that it looked good but I don't eat ducks.
Salted chocolate caramel pudding was okay but nothing to write home about.
Honestly, this place is nothing like some of the other Starr restaurants I've been to in terms of the food.  You are paying mostly for the setting here.The food was very good but not amazing.   The best part is their cheese platter selection (though I would have preferred they do not drizzle so much honey all over it).I expected so much more from this place because it's such a CUTE & POPULAR RESTAURANT hidden between ginormous high rises.
TRY:
Lancaster chicken 
Lemon glazed New England Scallops
Cheese plate - if  you are a fan ...all of them tasted the same to me. 
Little sweet ricotta doughnuts - yummy dessert.. it was the highlight of our dinner.
(My friends and I also tried their lamb belly. risotto. and marinated beets. did NOT like any of them)
SERVICE:
Nice. Knowledgeable staff (especially about cheese....lol) 
AMBIANCE:
Cozy dining  like grandma's house (love their tableware!)
Very cute outdoor sitting (awesome in the summer/early fall)Went to Talula's Garden with my boyfriend for his birthday. When we got there, the hostess seated us immediately. After that, it went down hill. We had, by far, the worst server ever. We waited more then ten minutes before our server even graced us with his presents. Our servers name was Josh and he prefered flirting with the table of girls behind us then doing his job. The food was good but my boyfriends couscous (served with the lamb) was under cooked and cold.  After waiting long periods of time and even asking the GM to do his job, we left right after dinner to have dessert and coffee elsewhere. I had high hopes for Talula's Garden and it failed to deliver.We went there as it was named one of the best new restaurants in the US. Staff was very friendly and knowledgeable. A few disappointments like their wine list which is mainly California wines and US wines (what I would call strong on flavor, oak and tannin but short in the mouth). Overall the menu is ok, lot of overkilled flavors but some dishes were fairly well balanced. My entree was not satisfying but the staff went a long way to make me forget about it and offered us wonderful deserts. Food was good, but definitely not extraordinaire. Pork was too raw for my taste (very pink and bloody), duck was underwhelming far from being French magrets, appetizers were good and nicely balanced. The cheese selection was a shocker with no or limited French cheeses  (with all the choices that France has to offer). This was a good place but I would not rate it best new restaurant.I had the pleasure to visit this restaurant for brunch this past Sunday...made a reservation...glad I did because it was packed...sat at the bar for @15 mins waiting for our table...my one friend got a revive carrot/orange juice, I ordered the treehugger  (its straight and to the point...a sipping drink for sure) my other friend forgot what her drink was but she enjoyed it...the bartender was slow to take our order perhaps because it's was busy...we chose to sit outside...our waitress who's name I can't recall was excellent! We got 2 apps, the cheese plate which was great and the Sunday's best  (I think that's the name)...three words MAPLE BACON SCONES they were small pieces of heaven! I ordered the pork chop with grits, greens and a friend egg my one friend got the same...pork was cooked to perfection...my other friend ordered the eggs benedict (don't know what was one it because my dish was excellent ) she enjoyed her meal as well...this is DEFINITELY a must for brunch...next up we'll give dinner a try!This is the cutest place in Philly. Their menu is a bit on the pricier side but you must come here and try their food. It's absolutely delicious and they have the best ambience. You can sit outside under the trees with lights in the summer. Their indoor seating area is plain, but still is cute and clean. Our waitress was so helpful and helped us choose the best wine to pair it with their cheese platter. We got a bottle of wine to pair it with their worlds travelers cheese platter, and it was so delicious. I think I liked their cheese platter more than Tria's. For entree We got their blackened chicken and gnocchi. Their gnocchi was average but I loved their blackened chicken. It wasn't dry at all and it was cooked to perfection. 
I would definitely come back here for to try their other cheese platters. 
If you're coming here on a weekend summer night, definitely try to make reservations couple weeks in advance.Many other reviewers have done a lovely job of describing the food and ambiance - both of which were wonderful. 
My review, and my justification of 5 stars, is based on the service. 
Things didn't start too well ... 
We arrived for our reservation on Christmas Eve, plans made after scouring Yelp and personal recommendations from friends about Talula's Garden.
We were led to a table in the rear of the restaurant with a common problem -- banquette seat on one side, giant rectangular table and one seat with it's back to the room. This is always an uncomfortable arrangement - too far away from each other for a romantic dinner let alone conversation, and the weird feeling that someone could sneak up on you from behind. 
Josh, the manager came by to check on us when he noticed our appetizers weren't being eaten and thoughtfully interpreted my partner's non-verbals as not being too happy. 
We discussed with him the physical arrangements of the table and settled in for another awkward dinner since we couldn't speak to each other. 
Moments later, Josh came to our table, collected our drinks, and moved us. 
Such a simple thing, but so considerate! We were moved to a nice table that was turned the short way so we were close and in the transition between two sections so we both felt we could see what was happening around us. 
I can't adequately describe how much this improved our experience. Thoughtfully doing the right thing, with no fanfare. If only customer service like this existed everywhere, but since it doesn't it makes Talula's stand out even more. 
Thank you to Josh and Tatiana, our server, for not only providing a delightful dinner for us, but acting to save us from what might have been a disappointing experience.I've had drinks at the bar a couple times, so I was intrigued enough to check out Talula's Garden.   I was not expecting anything cheap, especially given the pricey bar menu.  But the location and space are beautiful, so I figured this would be a special occasion place anyway.
Nothing prepared me, however, for the ridiculous price points.    Appetizers start at $12 and entrees at $26?  That is bananas!
The food was tasty but not mind-blowing.  I'd recommend the cheese plate, especially if it's being custom-designed by the cheesemonger.  The squash blossoms were also quite tasty, and the tortelloni were absolutely delicious.  Who knew that goat would be so tender and tasty?  Too bad, it only came with three pieces...for $14, you'd think it would come with more meat.  For the entree, I ordered the bass, which was good but nothing that (Little)Fish couldn't serve up better and cheaper.
Service was inconsistent.  As the place filled up, our table was increasingly glossed over.  I didn't even order dessert, but my dining companions waited forever for cookies (which didn't look like any cookie I'm used to seeing).  At one point, water was nowhere in sight until the manager had to take things into his own hands and refill our glasses himself.  While that was very thoughtful of him, I couldn't help but wonder "Why is the water guy ignoring us?"
All in all, very expensive.  Stick to the bar.  It's expensive, too, but at least it won't set you back a healthy three-figures.Cheeses were good, a bit overpriced, but to be expected at such a nice restaurant.  The drinks are phenomenal here.  Shrimp salad dish was good and overall a great atmosphere.  Highly recommended if you don't mind spending a bit of money.I wish I could praise this place more.  On the one hand, the service and setting are outstanding. And the cheese menu and the cheeses themselves are wonderful.  But on the other hand, the entrees are uninspired and thus overpriced.  The leg of lamb was served with an overabundance of lentils and hummus, but would have been better complimented with a more upbeat, less heavy preparation. The acorn squash soup was as good as expected, but the "hand-torn fresh pasta" was simply unappealing and hardly tasty.  The wine list is very good.
I would perhaps come back here only for wine and cheese, but not for a full meal.The place was very nice, but the service was very slow and the portions were small for the prices.  We had reservations for 6 on Wed Jul 10 at 815, finally got seated at 830. We were there 2 hrs which included desert; we expected it to be closer to 1 1/2 hrs especially since it was later in the evening on a weeknight.  The $18 cheese tray was very small and the cheese was just OK.  We had to ask for a 2nd container of chips/bread for our table of 6; I would have expected that to either be brought to us or suggested to us if we wanted 2.  The side dishes of potatoes and of green beans were very good.  Overall would rate it a 3 1/2.Food was excellent.  Beautiful place.  Wine list was big enough  but just ok.  Well known wines were expensive and the wine we finally liked (2nd bottle as the 1st wasn't great) was marked up 4X!  Even for Talula's that's a bit much in my view.Really great restaurant in Washington Square. Definitely go here if you wanna splurge, a little pricey but one of the Philly restaurants that's completely worth it!Went here to celebrate my birthday. My boyfriend was very excited to take me somewhere I hadn't been before. Needless to say, he was very upset about the service and so was I. 
We had reservations, which didn't benefit us in getting a better table. Instead, we were right by the door and all the foot traffic in and out of the restaurant. The server took about five minutes to ask for drinks, and a few more just to get water.  Needless to say, he only got slower. Josh was too worried about the group of girls who came in after us. We waited for drinks, waited to get the check, and overall had far too much time to talk about his lack of service. Considering they work as a group, it was even more unnerving. 
I ended up complaining to the GM, who gave me her card and hoped that we could repair the relationship. That remains to be seen. 
The food is the only reason I gave it two stars. The rabbit appetizer was awesome, though a little small for $14. The cheese platter was nice, and started the meal well. My boyfriend had the fricassee chicken which was tasty, and I had the lamb... The lamb was cooked well, but by the time we got it the temperature wasn't good. In addition, the cous cous they served with it was cold, dry and overcooked.  It was a shame because the flavors had good potential. 
We decided to pass on dessert or coffee because it took too long for him to return. We also had to ask the hostess (who turned out to be the GM) for drinks because Josh was too slow. For the exhoribant prices they charge I expected A LOT more. For two it was $165, which is too much for crappy service. We don't intend to return, needless to say.Cheeseboard is Amazing! Beer and alcohol selection is good but no draft beers, sad face. Odd unisex bathroom. Just thought I should mention it. The filet an cream kale is excellent. I don't normal eat kale but this meal changed my mind an I look forward to having it again. The ricotta donuts mmmmm so good save room for desert.I recently spent a week in Philly and had dinner at many wonderful restaurants including Zahav, Vedge, and Talula's Garden. My meals and experiences at all of these restaurants were absolute perfection but Talula's was my favorite which says a lot! Beautiful earthy decor both indoors and outdoors, wonderful cheese selection, excellent/knowledgeable service.I love this place! However it was tricky getting here because no where outside does the sign say talulas garden, hidden gem I guess. The most unique thing about this place is the backyard garden atmosphere which lights up at night.  Perfect place for a romantic date.  I had curry spiced tuna for starter and filet for main course, both were fantastic. Melted Chocolate  brownie and hazelnut ice cream for dessert, what's not to love about chocolate and hazelnut.Good service, cool space, and ambiance. Close to excellent food. This place is farm to table, or so they claim and I believe. I say close to excellent bc everything could use a little more of... something. I get they want us to enjoy farm to table food that highlights each ingredient in a simple way but sometimes it felt boring. The best part of my meal was the scallops only bc they were perfectly cooked.Nice location. Impressive restaurant. Good service. Unique and  outstanding food. My wife loved her carrot  soup, and I liked the bouillabaisse.  We both loved the international cheese tray. The  3 course meal cost over $100 for two. SteveShort Version: delicious food (4stars), beautiful atmosphere (5 stars), one of the worst service experiences that I have ever had (1-2 stars).
Long Version:
I was very stoked to try Talula's Garden, having ridden by it's beautiful outdoor garden dining area. The night we dined there was relatively cool but looked like the potential for rain.  We and a number of other tables decided to take our chances and elected for outdoor service.  We were seated by the friendly hostess, and then proceeded to wait 20 minutes until our waiter made his appearance.  He noted, "I have to apologize.  I was told you've been sitting here for awhile."  No worries, I thought.  
We ordered drinks, which were brought out by another server and then we waited.  At some point, a bus boy came by and took away one of our yet unused bread plates without a word. ?  And that was the last of the action we saw from Talula's Garden staff for the next 15-20 minutes, during which time a bird pooped on me.  
I cleaned myself up in the bathroom and came back to the table where we continued to wait.  By this point we had been there 45 minutes and had yet to order food.  Finally, I asked the hostess if she could track down our waiter.  He returned and took our order.  We elected for a cheese plate, the sea scallops and the beef (filet / braised ribs) dishes.  
The cheese plate was delicious, but over priced for the portion sizes.  I thought the portion sizes were spot on - it was the price that was askew.  Before we could dig in, I had to flag down the bus boy to get us another plate.  He seemed befuddled how we were missing a plate, but quickly rectified the situation.  (Answer: you took it and walked away with it).  We were also given brioche rolls with apricot butter on top.  They looked magnificent.  I say looked magnificent, because before we got to enjoy them it started to rain.  The hostess ushered us directly to a table inside (great work) and a server brought our cheese plate leaving the untasted rolls outside.  When we were seated, I asked the waiter if he could bring out new rolls.  "Absolutely," he said.  Apparently I was not clear enough that I wanted the new rolls brought out to us at our table because they never came.
Dinner arrived.  Portion sizes were appropriate, but again a bit pricey.  The scallops were great as was the beef dish which came with an incredible smokey polenta.  Very tasty.  We finished our meal and ordered the chocolate bacon dessert. (awesome).  Then, because the dinner hadn't been eventful enough, the entire restaurant lost power.  We felt really bad for the management team who did a great job at getting candles lit and keeping the meals coming.  They really did a remarkable job.  Our waiter kept apologizing and reminded us on multiple occasions that "it wasn't his fault" the power went out.  I'm smart enough to realize he wasn't wearing a PECO uniform, so  I assume this was code for: don't screw me on a tip because the power went out.  After the third time he explained how he hadn't caused the power to go out, I had had enough.  But because of the power outage that he didn't cause, I had the pleasure of waiting another 10 minutes for him to imprint my card and manually tabulate the bill and tax.
I'm usually not this big a complainer when it comes to poor service.  Being a server is not an easy gig.  But when the restaurant is as pricey as it is, I expect not to be left sitting for 20 minutes waiting to order and to have simple requests like "more bread please" fulfilled.  My neighbors, who by coincidence were also dining there that evening, had the same server and the same outrageous complaints.  They even stated that when he brought over the cheese plate they ordered, that he had no idea what was on the plate.  When they referred back to the menu to see what they were eating they realized that he had just made up information the cheeses.  Really inexcusable and really a shame for the owners/ operators of this beautiful restaurant.Very upscale beautiful intimate restaurants with and outside patio seating. I dined here for my Birthday, first time dining in this establishment. We ordered a bottle of Reisling and the bread was served to the table. The bread is delicious and i ordered another round. The homemade butter compliments it so well... For my appetizer I ordered the Tuna Crudo. It was delicious but very small portions. For dinner I had the pork belly with mashed and collard greens.. i was in heaven....My girlfriend and I had dinner here on a Friday night. It was everything that I expected plus more. The steak literally melted in my mouth. Perfect date night!Our new favorite in Philly!  We just returned from Paris, and it reminded us of some our favorite culinary experiences in the City of Light.  Fantastic cheese tastings, well stocked bar, affordable and complete wine list, great food and even better service, in a lovely ambience.  We will be booking again for our next celebration!What a gem. The service is some of the best in the city, and everything that touches your mouth would be fit for god himself. The garden is a treasure and I'm so proud to have such a success in Philadelphia.Love the decor of this place! Opens to super high ceilings and multi level seating and outdoor 'garden'. Our waiter was super friendly and very attentive. We started with some wine; a Syrah for him and a Pinot noir for me. For the meal, we were given these warm buttery, croissant-like rolls which I can eat a basket of and be happy with but they only have one per person. Honestly I wanted everything on the menu but landed on the foie gras appetizer, which was like a deconstructed peanut butter and jelly sandwich; except a million times better. For main, I had the Colorado lamb and the boyfriend had the pork belly. Both were superb, but I liked his dish more. I wasn't too crazy for the beans in mine. The star, however was the side of brussel sprouts with bacon stuffing. BLEW my mind. I am wiping away the drool off my keyboard as I type this. MUST get. For dessert, we finished with a light and refreshing lemon cake with pomegranate shaved ice. Overall a great place to dine. Will come again when I visit Philly!Visiting Philly over Memorial Day weekend, I bugged my native Philadelphian friend and fellow yelper Lowie T. for recommendations to find this great place. The garden area was big enough to accommodate most of their guests: decorated with an eclectic collection of  mismatched garden furniture. It was inviting, exotic, cozy all at the same time. I'm not sure if it was only that night, but the garden can be pretty windy, rattling silver wear and knocking down wine glasses. Our server was friendly and passionate about the food he served. His detailed descriptions of the dishes were very helpful. 
Now to food. 
The brioche with wild ramp butter they give for the table was perfectly soft and buttery. If I hadn't ordered other dishes, I could be popping these babies into my mouth all night long. Squash blossom tempura was just OK. Tasty but the citrus seemed a bit over powering. 
I ordered the halibut dish with oxtail stuffed artichoke. I recommend that they change the name to oxtail stuffed artichoke with halibut since the highlight of the dish is clearly the artichoke! The oxtail was perfectly seasoned and something crunchy was added to it to create the perfect texture! Of course the halibut was fresh and well cooked as well, but I just could not get over the artichoke. 
Had a bite of my friends duck breast which was also scrumptious. All of their dishes have complex sophisticated flavors. You can tell that there was a lot of careful creative thinking put into each dish. To finish off the meal, we ordered rum baba with cardamom ice cream. It was a great dessert: not overly sweet and lots of subtle flavors. 
All in all, it was a great dinner~ Must check out when in Philly!Never got served, hostess embraced 'cold & aloof', an Oscar-worthy performance. Won't be back; she won't miss us, we certainly won't miss her or the Garden.Just went for my second time and it was only so-so -- though my first time in October was great. The food was all eh -- not bad but nothing special. Service was similarly eh and the restaurant was very loud (Thursday night around 8pm). I had the gnocchi to start which was fine and the  roasted lamb main course which was also just fine. Both good, nothing special. I tried a taste of the lobster pie, and again also just fine. Usually I'm a huge Stephen Starr fan but at talula's I was a little let down.Definitely one of the best meals you will have in Philadelphia. Cheese lovers should start with one their appetizer cheese platters, enough for 2 people. The dinner entrees are limited in number but diverse enough to please all palates. Everything is perfectly seasoned and cooked. Portions are just right so you can enjoy dessert too. Drinks and wine list are equally diverse. Service is spot on so you feel like VIP but not in your face annoying either. Place is upscale yet cozy. Don't miss this place if you are in Philly!!!My husband and I went for his birthday. We both love good food and, unfortunately, both left disappointed. First, the good things, we really enjoyed the ambience, the cocktails (winemaker and haymaker), the cheese plate, the coffee, and the doughnuts for dessert. The scallops and cauliflower dish would have been fabulous if it were hot enough, but there were many bites that were just barely warm. I ordered the maine lobster and crab salad with beets, which, based on the lack of crab and lobster and the overabundance of beets, should have been called a beet salad with a horseradish seafood dressing. We also ordered the duck, which was cooked beautifully, but had an overpowering smoke flavor which was not mentioned in the description on the menu and I really don't like smoke flavor. So, what we had hoped was going to be a mouthwatering night of OO's and AH's, turned out to be a pretty big let down. :(Food and service was top notch!  Always find the food very good and never disappointed even when walking in with high expectations.  Will definitely be back.Relaxing resto for brunch in Old City.  All of the cocktails and dishes were thoughtfully made and met my New York City brunch standards.  Loved the rustic presentation and flavors.  Grab a seat outside if possible!WOW! Absolutely awesome. Best brunch I've had in decades. The breakfast burger was incredible. Our server Gillian was as attentive as could be.  Thanks for a wonderful brunch!I really do love Talula's garden. We have dined here a few times. This experience we were a party of 8. Our reservation was running late due to the table not being ready. Servers came out and served us goat cheese on crisps with honey & fig in the bar area for a snack. We were seated in the bar area which I wasn't too thrilled about but it ended up being ok. Everyone loved their meal! Talula's really creates stellar dishes. The house also sent us complimentary appetizers (hot chicken) champagne & dessert! We really didn't complain they just take care of their patrons! That's why they get 5 stars in my book!!Despite a gloomy Sunday morning, had a great brunch date at Talula's recently.  We were seated outside immediately (11AM) and had stellar service.  I ordered a brioche omelette and was satisfied with both the amount of food and the quality.  These are no oversized, Green Eggs platters but quality plates nonetheless.
Factoring both ambiance and food, one of the best brunch spots in the city.Glazed Colorado lamb belly, anyone?? Delicious and tender! Everything I tried, including the sweet pea ravioli, roasted golden tilefish and beekeepers cocktail, were on point. The tilefish was a little more salty than I like but that did not faze me. Everything was almost perfect. While pricey, the food and the ambience are well worth it.It's a quaint little restaurant, with a lot of charm and impeccable service. All dishes, from appetizers to desserts, were flavorful and well executed. The little details, like the China they used,  really showed the restaurateur puts a lot of thoughts into this place. It was the best meal I had in Philly, and I will definitely return next time I'm in town.
I recommend- 
Home-made pasta: both the calamari fettucine and suckling goat were to die for. 
Main: pork belly, with a lot of different textures. Crunchy pig cracklings with just right amount of fat to keep the pork moist and juicy.
Dessert: don't miss the donuts!!!! Deep fried goodness. Not too heavy on the stomach (and body). Great way to end the meal.After hearing such amazing reviews, I decided to splurge and treat myself out at Taula's Garden. I ordered the chef's tasting menu with the wine pairing at the steep price of $100 for the 8 courses and $60 for the wine.
The tuna and watermelon was refreshing.
The fried oyster was nothing special, however the pickled vegetables were bright and delicious.
The sweetbreads were beyond burnt when the came out leaving a bitter taste in the mouth. The staff were quick to replace the dish, however the pairing of the sweetbreads with the heavy bleu cheese is odd
The scallop was proper prepared, the grits congealed to a solid mass which led to a gummy texture.
The goat cheese sauce in the ravioli was a bit salty but paired well with the mushrooms
The petit fillet was unpalatable, with the basalmic reduction was nothing short of a salt lick which ruined the dish. The steak was a perfect medium rare, evenly cooked.
Strawberry sorbet tart perfect
Wine pairing: the first three wines, a sparkling, a white and rose were so blah that I can't even remember which wines they were. 
The Pinot was acidic and bright
The next red-blend was delicious, strong undertones of blackberries, paired well with the steak and mushrooms despite the over salted basalmic glaze
The port was delicious, raisin and not overly alcoholic or heavy
The service was great
Overall, not a terrible meal but it was severely overpriced. I don't foresee myself going back to Taula's Garden again.Ambiance- 5 stars
Service- 5 stars
Food- 4.5 stars
Seating- 4 starts
Drinks- 3 stars
Talula's has great ambiance and fantastic service. Just the right blend of suggestions and "checking in" from our server. The two top tables are a little close together so it can be a little annoying at times (the couple next to us kept taking pictures of each other so the flash was annoying us, for example.)
Starters:
Pan-Roasted Rhode Island Calamari: Amazing. I don't like fried calamari, if you are a fan of grilled/roasted or have never tried it--either way try this!
Crispy Indian Spiced Pennsylvania Lamb Belly- This was very tasty as well, not a "must have" but very good
Main:
New England Cod- Cooked perfectly, very tender the grilled beans mixed well
Pan-Seared Chesapeake Striped Bass- Cooked perfectly, good size - would get this again for sure
Sides:
Roasted Mushrooms Galore: Someone else mentioned this and I didn't listen and ordered it anyway- some bites are out of this world, others taste like a salt lick. This could be because I don't know much about mushrooms? Maybe some are salty. I don't know, but I just took a few scoops and left the rest.
Drinks:
The only thing keeping this from being a 5 star review is the prices on the wine. 2 glasses of wine @ $15 each is as much as a main dish here... and the pour was VERY small. We tried the margarita and strawberry bourbon drink, both were good, but not the best thing ever for the price.
I would skip the alcohol and just enjoy an awesome meal.This is easily the best dining experience I've had in Philadelphia since moving to the area 1.5 years ago.
I came here last night with my boyfriend for our anniversary, and we were so impressed.  The entrance to the restaurant looks like a cute little garden (duh) with strings of light hanging over the outdoor dining area, and the inside was decorated with a nice mix of a modern and farm/garden feel.  The atmosphere was very romantic and cozy, but also did not have a snobby/uncomfortable feel.
Every single dish was incredibly well thought out, and of course, very delicious.  The chef did a great job pairing together different flavors that complemented each other well.  Some flavors were comfortable and familiar, while others were surprising, complex, and really took us on a "journey" through different flavors.  We started off with the "Not Your Granny's" cheese plate, and really enjoyed all the cheeses and the little tidbits of fruits and nuts that went along with them.  Even though were were stuffed by the end of the night, we were already dreaming of having that cheese plate again on the walk back to the car.  For our main dishes, we ordered the salmon and the chicken, both which were cooked perfectly (I'm often hesitant about chicken breast because many restaurants make it too dry, but this was perfectly tender and flavorful!).  They both came with delicious vegetables: mine with greens and beets, and his with these delicious, delicious squash dumplings.  We also got 2 veggie sides: the sweet potatoes with brussels sprouts, and the celery root cole slaw.  The brussels sprout plate was a little on the salty side, but the cole slaw was so light and fresh which balanced everything out.  The fact that my carnivore of a boyfriend was stealing veggies off my plate speaks volumes to how much we liked the veggies.  The ricotta doughnuts were so soft and yummy.  I don't particularly like ginger, and yet I seemed to love how they incorporated the ginger into both the cheese platter and the doughnuts.  Everything was SO TASTY, and the portions were very fair -- we were surprisingly stuffed by the end of the night.
What sealed the deal for us last night however, was the incredible service that we received.  We felt welcomed from the moment we entered the restaurant to the time that we left.  Our waiter was friendly and knowledgable -- he helped us make an informed decision on choosing a cheese plate.  The whole staff was incredibly accommodating, and were willing to work with us when we wanted to order something that wasn't exactly on the main menu.  One of the managers even stopped by to chat with us and to make sure we were having a good dining experience.  We had mentioned briefly in conversation that we were celebrating our anniversary, and they even surprised us with a complementary, celebratory dessert at the end of our meal.
We loved the experience that we had here and will definitely be coming back... maybe next time we can sit in the cute outdoor dining area when it gets warmer out!This is one of my all time favorite restaurants. The food is always delicious, the waitstaff is courteous and extremely knowledgable, and the atmosphere/decor is fabulous.
I highly recommend ordering one of their cheese plates. They never disappoint. 
Best restaurant I've been to in Philly by far.I had an awful experience. I took my girlfriend for a birthday dinner here. We made a reservation and showed up on time and had to wait 45 minutes until we noticed that they sat people who had later reservations and we asked and finally sat us down. Then we place an order for an appetizer (cheese plate) that took 30 minutes to come out. After that we waited over an hour for our food. At this point we should have gotten up and left, but we stayed. Finally our food came and my girlfriend was very unimpressed with her dish. It turned out that they gave her the wrong order. I know that my story maybe the anomaly, but they will not see a penny from us ever again.   The restaurant realized how bad it was and the manager apologized. My girlfriend wanted to leave halfway through and we should have. That place is ruined for us.Talula's  is a MUST TRY when you are in Philadelphia.   The food is amazingly good, and staff very accommodating, plus friendly.  The decor is beautiful with high ceilings - it reminds I me of an old bank or federal building.  There is Main dining area that is bustling with a lot of energy and a bit noisy for my taste plus the lighting is dark.  We decided to eat in the Bar area by the large window where there a few tables and loved the natural lighting, not as dark as the Main Room.  I must mention there is seating and outside in their garden area if you like sitting outside.  Our Server Christina was amazing, she had such a great personality.   
*Now for the food: Two soft "hot buns" lightly salted arrived at our table that we're delicious, I really should have asked for another serving foolish me.  I ordered the Roasted Rohan Duck Breast, Buckwheat Crepes, and my friend ordered the Shrimp and Scallop "Mezze" both dishes were fresh and cooked to perfection - not overly or undercook fabulous delicious!   For dessert we shared the Rhubarb Pie with Ginger Ice Cream.   Our compliments to the Chef.  All and all, if we ever come back to Philadelphia again we will definitely come back here for dinner.  
*Note: They do have Valet Parking for $18, but we decided to leave the car at the Hotel and walk the 8 bocks - in my o opinion the Parking should be free to diners.A high-energy atmosphere permeates the various parts of Talula's Garden, the result of animated conversations from full tables and content diners.  The scene is watched over by the accomplished Aimee Olexy, a large and well-trained wait staff and, most importantly, a kitchen that is reliable and working on all cylinders.
The Garden shines when it comes to freshness and seasonality of the dishes, many stellar ingredients sourced locally.  This is evident on the delightful marinated tomatoes and fresh garden herbs plate, or the roasted asparagus with smokey farm bacon.
The fresh pastas are cooked perfectly.  This was true for the pappardelle with rabbit sausage and the squid ink linguine with blue crab and crab sauce.  We liked every main dish we ordered:  the sweet, moist, absolutely luscious wild spring halibut with chick peas, the seared local brook trout (what a great fish trout can be!), and the chicken under a brick with crispy Yukon gold potatoes.  The beautifully cooked bird tasted rich and, pressed flat by the brick, could be eaten like a fowl steak.
Of course we ordered a cheese plate.  The Master Collection offered something for everyone, my favorites were the quadrello di bufala, the local Spring Brook farm "raclette" style cheese, and the ripe Epoisses (but who does not love that cheese?).  Something I do not like are "truffled" cheeses and indeed, the overly strong chemical ruined an otherwise fine Gouda for me.  Since I listed a dislike, I will quickly add another, not specific to Talula's Garden but to restaurants in the US in general:  the insane pricing of wine.  The prices of wine-by-the-glass exceeding the retail price of the bottle.  Wrong!
We ended with the little ricotta donuts on huckleberry jam and excellent French-press coffees, then left content, as almost everyone departing from Talula's Garden does.Celebrated my 29th birthday dinner at Talula's Garden and it was incredible! I don't live In PA so this gem was recommended by a local. The ambiance, the amazing service by Christine plus other staff, and the unique crafted dishes, just exquisite. I ordered the pan Roasted Scottish salmon & my husband ordered the pork & peaches. Nothing Iv ever tried before! So so delicious! Initially I wanted to sit in the garden but weather didn't permit so I'll definitely be returning for the experience and to try more things off the menu!This place has a chef with the gift of culinary creativity that's pretty rare.  
I'm talking about the gift of being able to combine flavors that is hard to even imagine, let alone execute and create a dish that works together in a way that Jazz does - a much better ensemble together than its individual components.
To add to the superb quality and taste of the dishes, they provides us with perfect service and a great atmosphere.
A true gem.Talula's Garden became one of my Philly favorites tonight! We sat in the garden, had great weather and the atmosphere was wonderful! The food was delicious! The salmon was a show stopper, I would come back for that alone! The curry carrots were a great start to the meal, and the potatoes  were crispy and well seasoned. Highly recommend!Very nice restaurant in terms of decor and general ambiance. I would like to return in the summer to experience the outdoor area. I ordered the cheese platter, kale Caesar, and the goat cheese gnocchi. Everything was delicious except for the kale Caesar which was very salty. I highly recommend ordering the cheese platter. I think the service could be better- the woman who was seating guests was impatient and a bit rude. We ended up sitting by the bar- I ordered an iced green tea and they served me a pot of hot tea. The bartender also gave me an impatient look because I didn't order an alcoholic beverage. I'll return to try more dishes but the service needs to be better!Yeah, I gotta go five stars here.  I can't find a thing wrong with the dining experience my girl and I had at Talula's.  Wonderful atmosphere as we walked through the outdoor garden seating, had a relaxing drink at the stylish bar and were then seated in the very comfortable dining room.  Many happy diners surrounded us as we experienced the best service the city has to offer.  Our waiter was right on time with everything and he was a pleasure to deal with.  The food was excellent and very tasty.  The roasted vegetables were fresh and delicious and I would highly recommend the Halibut Rockefeller.  When you're checking Philly restaurants of your list, you win some and you lose some.  Talula's was a big win!  Just a great experience.On my second trip, they rolled out the red carpet - apparently writing bad reviews on here and on OpenTable makes you well know....
We actually received a call from Amy Olesky to apologize for the bad experience, and she sent us a gift certificate to cover the majority of the cost of the first meal.  Needless to say, we were much more impressed with the food, spent more than we did the first time, and I am now a fan.  I don't necessarily think it's the best place in Philadelphia, but it is good.
Word of caution - watch out for Josh.  We saw him when we were there, and were a little shocked.  According to Amy, they had already had a few complaints about him and she was going to deal with it.  Not sure what happened, but he was definitely still waiting tables.I can understand why people actually like this restaurant. However, I ate here last year around Thanksgiving & got the worst case of food poisoning from the fried cauliflower dish which our waiter recommended. 
I called the restaurant to let them know about the experience not expecting anything. I was told the owner would call me which they never did. Not fun being served spoiled cauliflower around the holidays. I would never go back to this restaurant. Poor service and serving food which is not fresh at an expensive price.One of my favs!!! Yummy cheese platters, fresh food, and eclectic ambiance. Refreshing in the summertime and super cozy in the wintertime!! The patio is beautiful.Mostly Charming...
Overall great restaurant, with good food, and even better service. My only qualm is that while most of the restaurant is beautiful to look at, and dine in, there is one room that is drab, plain, and lacking in the atmosphere which charms the rest of the restaurant. Sitting in that room makes you feel as if you are simply not part of the "cool crowd".I so wanted to love this place. I've been there twice now and both times have been disappointed by the average, but overpriced food. I love both the inside ambiance and the gorgeous garden cannot be beat by anywhere else in the city. I love the bar outside as well. In the future, I will definitely stop in for a drink during good weather but skip to somewhere else for my meal.Great food and service.  Went for a special event and just mentioned we were here for a birthday and never thought anything about it but at the end the server gave us a plate with Happy Birthday and some cookies and a candle.  It was a nice touch to a great meal.  I am a picky eater and was surprised that my OCD was not a problem and as I said the food was fantastic.  We were told that reservations were tough but we were lucky and got the time date through Open Table without a problem.  The staff and servers were EXCELLENT.  We will try it again when we can eat outside.We love the garden in this place and have been coming here for a couple of years. The food and service were always top notch. Except now the food is inedible. Had to send two dishes back as even after explaining that the over salted component of the dish was inedible they brought the exact same thing again. Had to share my partners dish which was ok at best, could not even go through a half of it. We are not picky eaters and this type of experience is not typical, to get the first inedible dish it took 35 minutes and a reminder to the server. Service was basically non existent throughout the entire experience, had to waive for manager or server, no one approached us otherwise. Overall the least pleasant dining experience in quite some time. I would have left one star but our previous experiences here were good and the manager tried to make up by bringing dessert (we don't eat dessert but it's a gesture that counts) but honestly it doesn't make up for the overall experience.This is my kind of place.  Beautiful yet homey atmosphere.  Dishes that are made with local ingredients.  Food that is fresh and delicious.  If I were rich, I'd eat here alot more often.
Visited Talula's for a bridal shower, which happened to be my first time at this spot (despite wanting to visit for years now).  The atmosphere/location cannot be beat.  Located right on Washington Square, this restaurant is half dining room and half garden.  And when I say garden, I mean GARDEN.  In all caps.  It's like one of those fancy gardens that you see in magazines or on HGTV.  It's absolutely gorgeous.
The food is equally as impressive as the ambiance.  The menu changes with the season, but when I visited I had a shrimp dish over a roasted red pepper mixture, a pasta dish made with orechiette and vegetables in a lemon sauce, a cheese plate, and the ricotta doughnuts.  I thought everything I ate was very good but I just kept thinking how ridiculously expensive each dish was (even though I was a guest and wasn't footing the bill).  I think this place would be perfected for a low-key girls night- get some wine and a few cheese boards and sit out in the garden.
Service was excellent-- our waiter patiently answered all of our questions about menu items and didn't act as if we were complete idiots (cough: like I was treated at Vetri : cough).  He even gave us some background on where they farmed one of the ingredients we asked about (ramps... ever heard of them?  I hadn't until then!)
Overall, this spot has a lot of the characteristics of a Starr joint- nice atmosphere, good food, and high prices.  But it's definitely a great option if you have some extra greenbacks to spend and are a fan of the farm-to-table concept.This is hands down, the best dining experience I've ever had. The management, servers, food and ambiance were beyond phenomenal. 
Our table reservation was slightly delayed so my guest and I chatted it up at the cozy bar and the bartender was attentive and kind. She offered a replacement drink since we were hesitant about the one we ordered (had a raw egg white in it) but dang if it wasn't delicious!
We were seated and management apologized for the wait (we really didn't mind, especially on a busy Saturday night in the city). Our server was sweet and attentive without being obtrusive (very difficult to achieve). She had great recommendations and we were offered up samplings of eats that were divine. I ordered the butternut dumpling chicken entree and ate every last bit. I'm one of the pickiest eaters in the world, so this is a great compliment. My guest also ate everything on her plate and we enjoyed everything that came our way, from the drinks to the samples to the apps to the entrees to the dessert (salted caramel chocolate bars to die for). 
My guest and I are in the customer service field and have extremely high standards. It was her birthday so that made this night hold even higher standards. But Talulla's knocked it out of the park. We are very excited to bring more guests next time since we are now definitely raving fans. Thanks for the amazing experience!!!Love it here. Fresh ingredients and a real treat for Birthdays or a special occasion. My personal favorite is brunch for their Bloody Mary cheeses potatoes and pancakes but just about anything you eat there you can guarantee will be delicious. Definitely make a reservation. If you can't, the bar is actually a great spot to sit and he drinks areJoyfully sitting in Talula's having enjoyed a gorgeous lunch : the tofu-noodle bowl from the signature salad section brimming with the most delectable tofu, soba noodles, edamame,  napa cabbage and so much more. The spicy peanut dressing is perfect. I also opted for a turmeric-green tea honey latte that tasted like all-things-good-in-the-world. The pace is brisk at lunchtime but the dining room is chatty yet peaceful evoking the comfort of a Sunday supper at Grandma's house. I love being able to choose my own silver plated knife and fork to ramp up the experience. This restaurant combines everything I love about Philadelphia and the staff and customers are wonderful.Wonderful, wonderful meal.  We started with a salad and ravioli and both were incredible.  I had the short rib which was a touch fatty but so large that you could easily navigate around and still have leftovers.  My husband had the fish and loved it, too.  Desert was so good that we ordered a second portion.
Why the two stars you ask?  We ate at the bar, which we generally like doing, however, the bartender looking after us was so incredibly rude and unprofessional that I wouldn't go back or recommend that others go based on our experience.  The bartender, a woman with tattoos all over her neck, should not have a customer-facing position.  Not a single smile or a feigned concern for how our dishes were and an overall salty attitude made for what would have been an otherwise lovely experience a pass in the future.Another wonderful place to go for brunch. I loved shooting pout side and the food was perfect. The Bloody Mary was delicious as well  perfect all around. I can't wait t pho backGREAT atmosphere...service was good as well as the food!
Didn't get a chance to sit in the garden but wow is it beautiful.
A lil weird seeing the waiters/waitresses in jeans...but great spot. check it out,I recently got a promotion, and my (equally five-star) partner told me to pick a place for celebratory dinner. I've ached to eat at Talula's Garden since it opened in 2011, which, incidentally, is the year I moved to Philadelphia. I hope I don't have to wait another five years before coming back, because this may have been the best meal I've ever had. Just our appetizers made the wait worthwhile.
The decor is classy, but understated. We sat a table away from former Gov. Ed Rendell and next to two young women in jeans; it's definitely not a stuffy place. I'm glad I made a reservation, as we were seated promptly and the restaurant was packed. 
Our server, Wade, was excellent, and paid the perfect amount of attention to our table the entire evening--no hovering, but also no searching for him. We ordered enough food for a family of six:  the Shaved Fennel and Arugula Salad and a (featured) pig's head terrine to start; followed by the Maryland Crab and Saffron Chitarra (a full serving to split); the Berkshire Pork Belly (mine) and Roasted Rohan Duck Breast (his) with sides of Sugar Beets and Fried Potatoes; and finished with the Honey Rhubarb Tart, Chocolate Cremoux, and Carrot Cake--with coffee. 
I never finish everything on my plate, and have definitely never finished even CLOSE to every bite of a four-course meal meal with three desserts and two sides. There was hardly a scrap left of my entree, and nothing left of the rest. I'm surprised neither of us licked our plates. I tend to ignore hype about "fresh" ingredients, since my inner cynic doubts anything's fresh anymore. This meal made me want to move to a farm and learn to cook. Every bite was completely full of different, distinct, complex flavors that fit together perfectly, and you could truly tell the ingredients were fresh. The whole meal--including two simple, perfectly buttered, flawless rolls--was symphonic. I'm not going to try & describe every plate, as any attempts to do so would undoubtedly fall far short. 
We will definitely be back, and I'll be dreaming of lavender donuts until then.I love this place ... the food , the vibe , the whole experience .... the actual garden is a fantastic place for a dinner date .... it's exquisite ...... the restaurant is always wonderfully appointed and staffed .... a mustBoo and I's one year anniversary was supposed to be spent at an all-inclusive somewhere sunny with cervezas plentiful. Unfortunately my work is a jealous mistress and she couldn't stand to see us happy and decided to keep me Phila-bound. Instead of disappointment we saw opportunity. We had an excuse to go to all the places we'd been wanting to but hadn't gotten around to it.
After kicking around several brunch ideas we figured you only get one first anniversary, might as well do it big, lets hit up Talulas. The mid October sun was shining and there was just a hint of fall in the air. This was the perfect formula for outdoor dining which was good because without a reservation that's all they had available. 
Our waitress was fantastic and promptly took our drink orders. The beer menu was chock full of Oskar Blues which is a huge plus in my book and boo seemed to be pleased with the cocktail selections. We order the brunch cheese plate to pick at while we sipped our drinks and basked in the sun's warm glow. It's such a serean setting back there, I've never been anywhere like it. 
When our lovely waitress came back to take our orders she informed us that the fall menu just came out  the day prior and helped us navigate through it.  I was just about to go with the breakfast burger when I made the clutch move of asking for a recommendation. She recommended the newly added Berkshire Pork Chop with grits. I don't usually go with pork but she sold me with "you'll want to chew on the bone when you're done." 3 16 oz Little Chubs later my dish arrived and God bless was it good! The grits had a peppery flavor that went perfect with the juicy pork. By the time I had finished my meal I was actually 4 Little Chubs deep and with my inhibitions on the skids (and my back turned to the rest of the diners) you best believe I began gnawing at the bone. 
Instead of dessert we opted for a few more drinks and to just relax in the sun. The waitress had no problem with this and was amazing through and through. The cost was extremely reasonable too. I guess because of the location it was going to be extreme but it really wasn't. It was truly a 5 star experience through and through.expensive, but great food. a friend and i did the tasting menu and it was a wonderful experience. definitely worth a visit.I am less than thrilled with this place. Knowing that I was coming in town this weekend to see family, I wanted to make reservations here as my mother has been dying to try it. I called about 2-3 months ago to reserve a table for 6 for Saturday evening. The lady that I spoke with was incredibly pleasant and told me it was a little far out and to check back in mid February.  So, like a fool, instead of insisting, I did just what she said. She sounded reasonable enough!
Mid February rolls around, interesting, still tells me that there are no tables available yet. I try again...and again...and again...until finally the week of my trip home to Philly arrives. Still no availability. So strange I thought! So I called Talula's to see what was up. And I was met with the response "Oh, we take reservations months in advance, this weekend has been booked solid for some time now'
How interesting! When I called in January, you were not accepting reservations. Pretty disappointed that it's the week of and I now need to find new plans for my mom and dad's 60th birthday celebration. And guess what...every decent restaurant in the city is booked now. Dear Mom and Dad, I hope you like homemade treats that will hold you over until my next visit at Christmas.
Thanks for nothing Talula. Thanks for nothing.First time here and it is absolutely incredible. The food is incredible and wait staff is the bestGreat ambiance and great food. Vegan options as well.and Stephen Starr does it again! he completely transports you to a chic wanderlust type of garden dining experience. it's difficult to get an outside seating (especially for a big party) so definitely make a reservation
came here on a sunday with a friend for brunch and had a great time.
bloody mary was delicious and spicy, loved the pickled green beans. "the dude" aka coffee drink was OK, for the portion i don't think it matched the price.
the lemon ricotta donuts here are AMAZING, definitely not big round circle donuts like you're used to but so much flavor and great texture. 
i got the fried chicken and waffles which were so good! the waffle was savory but had so much flavor and the chicken i was impressed with; i'm not a huge fan of chicken breast but this one had so much flavor and was so juicy. but the real hero to me was the apricot jalapeno glaze on top!!! perfect amount of sweet tangy to spicy, i need this in a jar.
my friend got the mushroom omelette and you'll never get an omelette like this anywhere else; it was like a cloud omelette, it was so fluffy and soft it was incredible.From the drinks, to the cheese plate, to the main courses, to the service... fantastic, quality, delicious, and fresh. I highly recommend for dates, groups, and business. All-around a lovely experience. The cheese plate is not to be missed! The scallops are dynamite.My boyfriend took me to Talula's Garden to celebrate my birthday. It was absolutely enchanting. The ambiance was just perfect and the staff was amazing. Our waitress took her time with us because we were out of towners seeing the menu for the first time. The wait time for the food was almost none. It was very quick and absolutely amazing. You don't pick your sides with your entree and i think it's for the best. The chef knows best and did wonderful.Ive visited Talulas Garden  twice thus far 
I love this place and the farm to table delicacies .
From the artisanal drinks to the sublime cheese plates, everything was delicious. The outdoor patio and twinkle lights are magical. Fabulous ambiance, great for couples, or business meals. I'll be back soonGreat little cafe and shop just a 5 minute walk from the Liberty Bell. Seemed to be a local favorite. Hearty food and nice atmosphere.Expensive, mediocre food, poor service. 
Cheese plate was pretty good, but not much cheese on the plate for $25. Disgusting zucchini tomato salad. The "Caesar"  dressing tasted like fishy mayo. We both ordered pasta, both of which were bland and overcooked. The service was poor. We barely touched the zucchini tomato salad and the server asked us how we enjoyed it. After I mentioned that we didn't like the salad, the server got super defensive and finished the service without barely saying another word. 
For almost $100 a person I expect better.Delicious food, starting from the home made brioche with onion butter to the delicate chocolate dessert.  A lovely atmosphere, warm efficient service, many great options on the menu.  I had scallops with caramelized cauliflower and special ricotta cheese appetizer with clementines and olives.  yum.  wine good.  We loved the place.  Will be back. 
They have a very interesting cocktail selection.  We generally stick with wine, but the choices looked good.Bottom line:  overrated and overpriced, couldn't believe I saw so many relatively young people dining in hereGreat meal. All our dishes were fantastic. Cheese plate was heavenly. Great cocktails. The only reason 4 instead of 5 stars - our server was lacking in her ability to refill water, get more cocktails, clear plates, bring check, etc. She was nice, but clearly didn't adhere to the normal exceptional service you get at a Stephen Starr restaurant.We went to Talula's Garden for an early weekday dinner after several people recommended it, and are so glad that we did! Luckily the weather cooperated (and there had heat lamps) so we were able to sit in the garden, which is a beautiful little oasis in the middle of the city. The service, atmosphere and food were all great.
What we ordered:
Starters:
Watercress and leek soup- tasty with nice presentation. Poured at table. We shared one soup between two. Nice light appetizer.
Entrees:
Goat Cheese Gnocchi- delicious, soft, pillowy gnocchi in light sauce
Mushroom cannelloni- Highlight of our order. This was fantastic! I wish we ordered the large portion. Loved the filling of the cannelloni. 
Sides: 
Sweet and spicy sugar beets- large portion for a side. Beets were great. Though we couldn't taste much cardamom, honey, cumin or pepper flavor. Very, very lightly dressed but still good. 
The amuse bouche was a croissant like pastry filled with cheese or cream (not exactly sure) and it was really good. 
Overall, this place had excellent vegetarian options. The two of us were stuffed after 1 soup, two appetizer portion entrees, 1 side, and the complimentary pastry. 
Highly recommended!talula's garden provided the perfect romantic, cozy backdrop for an anniversary celebration. 
that said - and maybe this is because i'm no expert in organic, locally grown fare - i felt most of the food left something to be desired. 
save for the amazing cheese plate we started our meal with, we both felt the food was inconsistent. some bites were incredible, others "funny" tasting. here's an example: my bf ordered the bluefish as his main course, and was enjoying it thoroughly when he suddenly got a startled look on his face. "i just ate a whole, peeled lemon," he exclaimed. he spent the rest of his meal trying to avoid any remaining lemons that might've been hiding in his dish.
another example: i ordered the green salad with goat cheese and nuts for my starter. the first few bites i took - well - weren't great. i might describe them as "earthy." i powered through, thinking this is what they mean by "locally grown." i'm glad i powered through, because by the end of the salad i was literally licking the plate.
but here's the thing, talula, for the price and the hype - shouldn't i have been licking my plate the whole way through?Talula's has a great ambiance. It reminds me of a mix of Woodberry Kitchen in Baltimore and Rose's Luxury in DC. I sat at the outdoor garden bar. The bartender/server was very sweet and attentive. The service certainly made me happy. For a snack, I ordered gnocchi. It was pretty decent with petite diced beets and apples and walnuts. The cheese sauce that it was coated in was a bit overwhelming and distracted from other flavors. The gnocchi didn't melt in your mouth like at Rose's Luxury in DC, but it was chewy and okay. I also ordered dessert, which was a blueberry upside down mini cake with sweet corn ice cream. The ice cream was a nice complement to the blueberry sauce around the cake. I think a sweet mint sauce instead of a sprinkling of mint leaves would have helped the dish slightly.Over the past year, Talula's has become my favorite place in Philadelphia. There are so many things I could say, however, nobody wants to hear a ridiculously long review so here is the TL;DR:
-stunning, local, seasonal dishes
-expertly executed, expertly delivered
- what impresses me more than the food is the always attentive, but not too attentive, friendly, and KNOWLEDGEABLE servers. Literally everyone who works there, i feel like i can stop and ask about a certain cheese on my slate and will get the back story of the cow and what he ate in what region before producing the milk for this cheese. I love it
-Some people complain that the portion size to price ratio can get a little ridiculous. I think those people fail to realize you aren't paying to huge portions. You are mostly paying for the creativity, and the expertise of preparedness of the dishes.
A mid-spring weekend brunch outside, or a fall season dinner outside at talula's cannot be beat, in my opinion.Just ate here for brunch for the first time and it's already landed on my Favorites list. The decor in the garden is magical...I actually feel like I'm in my dream backyard...except it's missing a hot tub...which I'm glad they don't have because that would just be awkward and weird. But it really is the perfect spot for a romantic lazy Sunday brunch with your significant other or an intimate lunch with your best friends. (The interior is perfectly decorated, too. Whether you eat inside or outside you really can't go wrong.)
Now onto the food...oh my god. We really couldn't decide what to get because everything on the menu looked delicious. However, we made some selections based off the recommendations of our server and we're glad he steered us in the right direction. The bakery trio starter was a big hit. The Pumpkin Scone was deliciously spicy and not too sweet. The Zucchini Muffin had a perfect crunchy/nutty/brown sugary topping, and the Apple Turnover had a flaky buttery crust. My only complaint is that I craved more pastries, but they really are proportioned perfectly (dang it).
For my entree I got the Mushroom and Goat Cheese Crepe. Yum. Loved it and will recommend it but I'm eager to try their other offerings. The other entree was called The Farmhouse (or something like that)...it had kielbasa, bacon, scrapple, and eggs. Tasty if you like your proteins and are a meat lover but the scrapple wasn't our favorite (scrapple, in general, is not a favorite so no a fault of Talula's Garden) and there's more unique offerings on the menu. Guess that means I'll just have to come back for more!
The service was fantastic...attentive but not pushy and there was never an empty glass or uncleared plate. 
I will definitely be back and can't wait to bring my husband here.I love this place; it's a real gem for Philadelphia.  The food here is excellent, especially if you enjoy cheese!  The cheese options here are extraordinary and the shop connected has a great take out counter for cheese and other delicious and healthy deli options.  I love the atmosphere at Talula's!Whenever anyone asks me what my favorite restaurant in Philadelphia is I always say Talulas garden. Every time I come here I have an amazing meal. The decor, service, and especially the food is always exemplary. The way the layers of flavors are created by the chef blow my mind each time I visit. On one of my visits we were also given a free desert which is always a plus.Dinner (8:45)
Nice Crowd, Great Ambiance and Decor, Impeccable service and with all that the fresh food satisfied every tastebud we had. 
(Squash Soup, Cheese Platter, Grilled  Chicken and Fried Apple Pie)Been here maybe 4 times for special occasions/ romantic dinners. It's pricey but overall completely worth it. The food is unique, well thought out and delicious. The environment is lovely as is the service.I've been meaning to come here for a long time - such a beautiful restaurant inside and out! 
In light of the arctic temperatures and winds of Sunday night, we did not dine in the garden/courtyard (which we'll have to come back for when the weather is tamer). However, we got to sit next to the large windows overlooking the garden, so it was kind of like being in it :) 
The contrast between the cold, empty streets and the warmth and bustle within the restaurant was quite remarkable. The service was also excellent from beginning to end. (Shout-outs to server Nalini, bussers/runners, hosts, and managers - who all contributed!) It was clear that they paid a lot of attention to details. 
Food-wise, I feel like the strongest qualities were creativity, freshness, and execution of the sauces, which were simply incredible in every dish we tasted.
We started out with the Secret Stash, which consisted of 5 seasonal cheeses with salami slices, fruits, nuts, and other condiments. It comes with a small bucket of house-made cheesy crackers and artisan bread. It's a bit pricey for the amount, but it really tastes like a party in your mouth, so if you're into cheeses, I highly recommend. We were so excited about the menu that we ordered way more than we could handle.
While we waited for the next course, we were offered warm brioche topped with aromatic butter, which were heavenly. Then arrived our pasta selections - the Suckling Goat Cavatelli and the Creamy Robiola Ravioli. Both were ridiculously good. I could describe them at length, but in a nutshell, the suckling goat was very tender and the sauce was outstanding, and for the ravioli, eating it felt like taking a bite out of a garden - you can't really beat a combination such as kale and basil scented pasta, with black truffle butter sauce, spinach, and crimini mushrooms. These come in small-plate or full entree portions. 
Next, we had the Roasted Leg of Lamb (med-rare) and the Old Fashioned Beef Brisket. The lamb dish was delicious - with tender sliced of lamb laid on top of buttered hummus, which added a subtle flavor. The braised black lentils that came with it were good, but I thought their texture was a bit tough and didn't quite go well with the dish. The beef brisket dish was also a bit disappointing. It was served with delicious garden-picked carrots and turnips, and again, came with an AMAZING sauce... but the brisket piece itself turned out to be mostly fatty tissue, which made it difficult to enjoy the good aspects of the dish. Maybe I just got an unfortunate piece, but for the pricing, I feel like there should be more attention to the meat vs. fat ratio. This is the reason for the 4 stars for an otherwise 5-star experience. However, both entrees were otherwise good and paired well with a delicious side of collard greens. I usually don't like collard greens, but these collard greens are the bomb!
We finished off with a Rose-Scented Chocolate Tart, which was beautiful and tasty. However, I was confused because I could not detect any rose scent or rooibos flavor as indicated on the menu. At any rate, overall, the food and service we had here were great, and I am determined to come back to try other menu items in this beautiful venue.The atmosphere is very trendy and well decorated. It's lively, lots of people on a Saturday for brunch. There is a full bar which is always nice. Overall the feel is chic and hip. I would love to visit in the summer and sit outside.
Besides the decor, the food is farm to table, which always is a plus in my book. I ordered potatoes and a mushroom frittata. It was delicious. It came with a salad. The potatoes were cheesy and delicious (I had them subbed with the fried tots with leeks). I sipped an orange and carrot juice. EVERYTHING was sooooo fresh and yummy! 
I will definitely be back.Eep I really want to give this five stars but I wasn't feeling the foie gras.
Dos: omg must get a cheese plate. They have several different options (so even if you aren't a cheeselitist you should be able to find something you like/something that sounds somewhat familiar). We ordered the cream line and it was amaze balls except for the second to last cheese which might have been there by mistake. Order a pasta dish- the goat cheese and braised lamb ravioli slash wonderful explosion in my mouth was amazing, perfectly complemented rich and tender with the meat. It was one of those moments where you're too busy enjoying eating to wonder whether it's good. Yum. SIT OUTSIDE- it's beautiful! They have Ivy covered walls and twinkly lights :)
Donts: the foie gras was not. It was nothing special and came with 2 pieces of fancy lettuce and it was just not good! We tried eating through but wasn't worth it. Drinks are also expensive but I'm spoiled by our BYO scene. Although I totally saw some lady bring her own wine so do you I suppose!
I'll have to come back and review more food. Note: for philly this is expensive and the portions are tiny!First off, let me say that we came here for our anniversary, and the staff really did a great job of treating us like royalty.  We got complimentary bread with some sort of delicious honey butter, a complimentary cheese cracker tart thing, complimentary sparkling rose, and a complimentary pair of cookies to go at the end of the meal.  Everyone loves getting stuff for free, and it was one thing after another.  On top of all that, the service really was outstanding--I don't think there was ever a point where we were waiting on a server for the next course.
Anyway, we got the tasting menu.  From this, we learned...get the tasting menu.  For the love of god, get the tasting menu!
I'm a critical, cynical, negative SOB.  I cannot stress this enough.  That said, this meal was impeccable.  I was literally searching for things to criticize, and the best I could come up with was that, of the nine(?) courses, two--the truffle corn agnolotti and the Rohan duck breast--had plates not 100% suited to shoveling the food into my face.  I think we can safely call this a winner.  Allow me to paint you a word picture.  
First course: Salmon and Cucumber 'Poke': This was...pretty good.  Not earth-shaking, but a nice way to start the meal: light, and flavorful.  I was glad that it didn't include the rice implied by the name "poke," since the overall meal was already very filling. 
Second course: Crispy Fried Virginia Oyster: I don't like oysters.  However, I loved this dish.  It combined the always-pleasant crunch of fried...anything, really...with the light but savory flavor of oysters, wrapped in lettuce and slaw.  The sauce was tangy and fresh, and it could reasonably be eaten with your hands (my girlfriend did just that, though I used a fork and knife because I'm not a barbarian).
Third course: Miso Glazed New England Scallops: The glazed scallop sat atop a cube of fried cornbread; it was a bit of an exercise to try to slice both without crumbling the cornbread, but it was workable; after that, pile on the sweet and pickled onions and sauce, and boom, one ticket to Flavortown.
Fourth course: Truffle Corn Agnolotti: For those out there who, like me, had no idea what agnolotti is, it's a cheese ravioli.  The corn sauce and beech mushrooms went great with it, and kept the cheese from overpowering the rest of the plate--I don't like cheese, and I had no problem with this dish.  My only gripe was that it was served in a steep-sided plate, rather than a bowl--I probably looked ridiculous trying and failing to scoop everything up.  
Fifth course: Rohan Duck Breast: No, not "Rohan" like the Lord of the Rings.  "Rohan," like "Rohan duck."  It's a thing.  Anyway, the bird was cooked to a perfect medium-rare, and went great with the curry-roasted peaches.  Curry-roasted peaches!  Who knew?  And farro?!  Literally the first time I've ever seen it outside an episode of Chopped.  Delicious.  However, another minor gripe: the vessel was not ideal; I had trouble scooping up the farro and sauce at the end.
Sixth course: Summertime Skirt Steak: This was honestly the best steak I've eaten in over a year. The steak was so tender that the knife was a formality; the cherry tomatoes and baby zucchini added even more juicy deliciousness, and the green chile relish... let me tell you about this sauce. It was...orgasmic.  The girlfriend was pretty much full, so I had the sacred boyfriend duty of scraping every last iota of her remaining sauce into my face.  You could drink it, it was so good.  Throw tequila in it and you'd have the best margarita ever made.  I cannot stress enough how much I loved this sauce.  I'm pretty sure the people at the next table over were disgusted by the sounds I was making while I ate it, but I didn't even care.  They should market this sauce and sell it on every streetcorner.
Cheese course: It included three cheeses, some nuts, and some fruit, along with some surprisingly tasty housemade crackers. Presumably, you were supposed to combine the fruits, nuts, and cheeses in appropriate pairs on the crackers...eh, I just slapped the cheese on like butter and ate them.  The goat cheese, I liked quite a bit...mild, with a very slight tang.  The others, I could take or leave, but I'm wise enough to know that's my failing; I'm not a big cheese guy.  The girlfriend seemed quite pleased, and she's a cheese buff.
Dessert: Blueberry Bavarian / Dark Chocolate Wafer.  This lemon cake with lemon yogurt mousse went great with the blueberry syrup (including blueberries), and was thankfully light and sweet, without being overly rich--by this point, we were dramatically full.  The dark chocolate wafer was rich, but small and crispy and delectable, and I convinced myself that it was like a digestive.  In truth, it was one of those things that, if there was a whole bowl in front of you, you would just eat until either the bowl was empty, or you died from sugar overdose.  Mmmmm.
Final Note: 10/10. The hype is very well-deserved.Talula's is a beautiful dining experience with delicious food in one of my favorite parts of the city. We celebrated a belated V-day here recently and left with only fond memories. 
The menu is seasonal, broken up into "beginnings", "pastas", and "mains".  My SO and I did one of each as we had been told the portions were quite small. (We really should have ordered less food)
Beginnings: Tuna Crudo (healthy serving of raw fish fixed with arugula and some type of vinaigrette - Perfect! / Butternut squash soup - Very unique and rich (involved puffed rice) but the ribbons of squash were a little tough. 
Pastas - Braised Beef Cavatelli and Butternut squash risotto were both phenomenal. 
Mains - Salmon was cooked perfectly and came with a side of brussel sprouts that had a strange cream sauce. The lamb shoulder looked amazing but I didn't try it. 
By this point we are stuffed so we didn't order dessert, but the kitchen sent out two little cookies which were delicious. 
ALSO - the rolls - small perfect clouds of dough with lemon-pepper butter. I could have eaten a meal of just them. 
In terms of service and timing, I don't think you could have executed a better experience. I want to go back to try some summer seasonal dishes and sit in the garden.Wonderful place to dine on a perfect early summer day.  The drink (I had the Bee Keeper) was delicious.  I'd go back just for that and the cheese plate -- and maybe the fabulous ricotta-filled donut dessert.  The lamb entree was not something I would get again.  The beet salad was very good.Wowza. This place was great. I love cheese. Like *really* love it and the cheese board here was absolute insanity. The presentation was beautiful, our server was knowledgeable and the cheese was perfection....so many different flavors and textures plus the pairings were great. Oh and the bread it comes with...excellent. They even that these super tasty crunchy crackery type things that were completely addicting. Our waiter offered a second helping which we gladly took him up on.
We shared a bunch of veggie side dishes (I'm a vegetarian so for the entrees there is just not a lot going on for me). The leek/greens gratin was absolute perfection and the mushroom dish was this buttery earthy concoction that sent my love of the fungi to new levels. Everything came out piping hot and it seemed as if every dish was made just for us. 
The ambience was great. Very comfy/cozy yet sophisticated. It was pouring rain last night so the garden part was closed. I'd love to come back for drinks outside and order more cheese. That will happen this summer for sure.
The service was very friendly if a teeny bit slow. We were there for over 3 hours which was a bit longish. I was thoroughly impressed by the fact that owner Aimee Olexy was walking around filling up people's water glasses and chatting with the clientele. Totally unexpected but when you think about it, kind of fits the whole schema of the place. 
I will absolutely be back here soon and that is seriously saying something considering how many amazing restaurants there are in this town.My in laws took me here while I was visiting with my 3 year old
First of all, even though they didn't have a children's menu they were very accommodating at finding something he would eat and giving me a small portion. He ended up having some fresh pasta with butter and cheese. 
Second, I can not have gluten and when I asked about which dishes were gluten free our server was very knowledgeable about which items had ingredients containing gluten in them and how he could change some dishes to make them gluten free. Then when the rest of the party was interested in the cheese plate he said it came with bread and lavosh, then looked at me and said he could have a separate bowl of GF crackers added. I was thrilled and he was amazing at remember I had a dietary restriction.Talula's is my "special spot." Its the place my boyfriend and I go for almost every birthday/anniversary. The seasonal menu always keeps us on our toes and the staff is always more than friendly. 
We actually accidentally made a late reservation (so late we wound up the last people in the restaurant). We felt horrible, realizing we were holding the entire staff from heading home, yet the staff showed no signs of worry, and were more than accommodating- even throwing in a free glass of champagne for our worries. 
Love this place.This place is amazing and easily one of the best restaurants in Philly. The food, the atmosphere and the service were all superb. We started with the Seasonal Stash Cheese Plate. As Talula's is often recognized as having the best cheese plates in the city, having one of their various offerings is a must. The selection was perfect. For dinner I had the Potato Crusted New England Day Boat Scallops and my wife had the Butternut Squash Risotto. As we always like to decide who won the "entry face-off", we both agreed, the scallops won. We also had the Mini Mushroom Casserole and the Fresh Crisp Snap Peas. Way too much food, but again, it was all fantastic. And because we couldn't resist, we split the Little Maple Coffee Donuts for dessert. Again, awesome. Can't wait to go back.I went here on a Friday night for dinner.  The place was packed.  The first thing I noticed was the entrance was kind of awkward, having to walk through the outside seating area to get to the hostess stand.  We had reservations, so we were seated right away.  The decor was nice inside and out, with a farm house chic vibe.  The staff was very friendly and helpful with the menu and describing their specials.  We got the master collection cheese board, which came with 8 cheeses and salami.  The cheese board was very awkwardly put together, with everything just kind of piled together.  All the cheeses were very good, but the board was a mess and kind of a pain to eat.  I'm not a fan of having to dig through stuff to get to the cheese.  We ordered the shaved fennel and arugula salad and the focaccia di recco as appetizers.  The salad was over-dressed, but the ingredients were all fresh and tasted good.  The focaccia had asparagus and bacon on top, it looked amazing but was very underwhelming.  There was very little bacon on top and it tasted too sweet.  There was three of us and we ordered the goat cheese gnocchi, the half chicken and the roasted duck.  The goat cheese gnocchi was fresh, but the gnocchi tasted a too sweet and had very little complexity to it.  The chicken was cooked well, but was bland.  The grits were bland and there was nothing special about them either.  The duck was a little overcooked and risotto was a little underdone.  The best part of the roasted duck dish was the duck sausage mixed in with the risotto.  The reduction was too sweet as well and was just ok.  For dessert we ordered the lavender doughnuts and the chocolate cremeux.  The doughnuts were adequate and the mint ice cream was the best part of the cremeux.  Overall the atmosphere was nice and the staff was very helpful and friendly, but the food was just not what I expected for the price point.  For three of us with a couple of beers and a couple of glasses of wine came to a little over $300 with tip.  The menu was interesting and relatively inventive.  Unfortunately the dishes weren't balanced well, nor were they well composed.  Everything was sweet and virtually no salt was used in anything.  There are a lot of other restaurants in the city that I have been to that are less expensive that have far better food.While I do not normally order chicken when out, it was particularly good here so no need to chicken out.  Duck was also excellent. And yes, order the sides. Wine list is quirky but there are definitely some worthwhile choices.Everything about this place is magical - the food, the drinks, the garden, the service. When you first arrive, you walk through a romantically lit garden with plenty of outdoor seating. They keep heat lamps on well into the fall, so I highly recommend dining outside if the weather cooperates. However, inside is just as charming. There is also a beautiful bar kept somewhat separate from the primary dining room. 
They have a great cocktail list and plenty of wine to choose from. The bartenders are super friendly.  
Now the best part, the food. They have a full list of pre-paired cheese boards - definitely a great way to start the meal, but don't fill up on cheese. You don't want to miss out on the rest! I'd recommend ordering a ton of food and just sharing it so you can try a little bit of everything. 
Highlights from the "Beginnings" section: cornmeal fried oysters, fennel and arugula salad, focaccia. In "Pasta," I'd recommend the mushroom cannelloni or goat cheese gnoochi and the salmon from the main section. Though, I'm convinced you can't go wrong with anything on their menu. 
As painful as it will be to fit ANY more food in your belly, you simply can't skip on dessert. And definitely go with the carrot cake. No regrets!Pretty much standard S. Starr. atmosphere is great, food is meh, and sides are usually more outstanding than the main entree options. 
Went for a Friday night dinner, the drinks were a little overpriced, then made up for it in ambiance, etc. Bar area was a little weird, because reserved tables took up a lot of space. Didn't mind standing while waiting for on outside table, but it had potential to be kind of awkward. 
Foodwise, not so great. Super salty (weordered the garden bouillabaisse and the pork chops - both pretty mediocre in quality and taste). My entree was really salty, and not enough bread to soak up/even out the saltiness of the sauce. The Pork chop was already sliced up on the plate, and one slice was all fat. 
The 'gift from the kitchen,' which were 2 warm, soft, buttery rolls were probably a meal hilight. If the server came more than once every 30 minutes, we probably would have asked for more. 
Don't need to return, maybe except for an drink every now and then.This was a much anticipated dinner, it is definitely worth. It is a very romantic/sweet place and I wish it were warmer to enjoy the garden.
The cheese plate was wonderful - every cheese was at it's perfect temp and ripeness - they know their cheese! They even accommodated with gluten-free crackers which was nice. My date's entree (brisket) was perfectly done and the fingerling side was perfectly roasted. My entree (tuna) was a bit bland and the accompanying white beans were undercooked. We were too full to try the desserts. 
The wine list seems good, but I wish they would either give some tasting notes or train their servers. It's tough to choose a wine based on name, year and country only. 
Since it is a seasonal menu, I definitely would try again in the summer.My husband and I have dined here for dinner numerous times, and it is always excellent. However, this past weekend we decided to try the brunch, and I am so glad we did. We had the cheese plate to start and it was excellent. My husband had the Breakfast Burger as an entree and I had the omelette. Both were amazing, but I have to say the Breakfast Burger was EXCELLENT! The portions are a very decent size. We usually do not order dessert, but everything was so good that we decided to each get our own dessert. I ordered the Chocolate Candy Bar, and my husband ordered  the Apple Crisp. Both were amazing!!!!!! If you are looking for a good brunch place in the city with great ambiance, Talula's Garden is  definitely  the place to go. Another plus is they have outdoor seating with heaters. The ambiance is awesome, and on a sunny fall day it doesn't get any better. I would definitely recommend Talula's for any occasion. From a brunch for two to a birthday or special celebration; it is definitely the place to go!This is a very nice restaurant with an "in a garden" ambience. Quieter than most Philadelphia restaurants.  The wine list is quite nice. I had a white burgundy which was quite smooth. Entrées were fresh and nicely prepared. There were no issues with service.  Overall it is a pleasant restaurant to go for a relaxing and pleasant meal.Great spot. Don't need to eat in the garden. Love inside. Cheese platter good, not exceptional , and at $25 very pricey.The perfect place for special occasions. We went for dinner, and the garden itself was beautiful, with lights strung everywhere and plants all around.
Cocktails were delicious, and the cheese plate should not be missed. The variety of cheeses accompanied with smears of honey and fig jam was amazing. Also they'll give you more crackers if needed! The rest of the food was delicious as well, especially the pasta appetizer. You'll never felt rushed, and the service was lovely. Also, the menu changes to serve seasonal dishes, so everything tastes fresh! Definitely try while in philly!