Best Thai food in the city. I had the chicken pad Thai which was fantastic and my fiancé had the sesame ginger curry (chicken and shrimp) which was outstanding. Will def get Thai food only from Tamarind from now on.Cute menus, nice atmosphere, great loaction.  
The Chicken Tom Gah soup didn't impress the pants off me; couldn't taste the galangal or lemongrass at all.  
I split a Yum Woodsen salad with a friend, but instead of shrimp we asked for beef instead, and it was fabulous.  Fresh veggies, delicious beef, and excellent dressing.  
For entrees, we split the Tamarind Spicy Noodles with chicken (not very spicy, but I was happy that way), which was delicious.  We also split the Pad Kee Mao, which was also very flavorful and tasty, though I personally could have used a touch more basil (I loves me some Thai basil!).
I didn't order the Som Tom because the menu says it's made with cabbage instead of green papaya... and that ain't how I rolllll, yo.
I originally was gonna rate it a 3 (mostly because I was disappointed with the attempted cabbage fake-out and the meh tom kha gai), but I had a change of heart... everything else was yummy.
Rock on.If you like Thai food, definitely go to Tamarind. Extensive menu with a nice assortment of soups. Whenever I go to a Thai restaurant for the first time I always have the Pad Thai. I mean, if you can't do a good Pad Thai you will probably fail miserably in the rest. Very delicate with the right amount of fish sauce and tamarind.
Service is good and the restaurant is not pricey. Highly recommended!Two words:  Veggie friendly!  And without losing any of the essential Thai flavors.  Loved this place for solid, right on, perfectly spicy and delectable Thai food.  Small casual place where it's all about quality food!  The menu is huge and all the typical Thai dishes are great.  Loved the papaya salad, green curry, vegetable radna, and fresh summer rolls. BYOB.Affordable! Delicious! BYOB!
I got the vegetarian pad thai. It came with broccoli and zucchini which was a little strange but still delicious. My only complaint is that they had no Thai desserts. I'm not sure if it is a seasonal thing but I was really hoping for some mango sticky rice or durian ice cream and all they had were different types of truffles.Staff are friendly and helpful. Foods are tasty, many choices, reasonable price. But Tom Yum can be make it better (I think). Recommend to make a reservation in advance due to limited tables. Parking can be easy to find on the street. Definitely will come back again.Just A-OK as a 3 implies. I'd come back only out of convenience because I live nearby but not because the food is spectacular. Hmm... this is the third Thai restaurant I've tried in Philly and unfortunately, it's just not like home! 
The good: BYOB. Decor is cute. Staff is very friendly and attentive. Also, dishes were decent priced at around $10-15 per entree and $3-8 for appetizers. They have spiciness levels from 1 - 7. Stick with around 2 or 3 if you're scared and ask them to bring you extra chile. 
The OK: The Pad Thai was not bad. It had everything Pad Thai should have but something seemed missing. The noodles also tasted a little undercooked. The mussels were decent but I don't think worth the price (it came out to a dollar/mussel).
The bad: One of my things to judge a Thai restaurant is to get Panang Curry because it's my favorite. First off, it was very watery and needed some thickness to it. The curry sauce itself was salty and I could really taste the fish sauce for some reason (I don't even know if they add fish sauce usually).  I got this with beef and felt that the beef should've been thicker. Also, the carrots just didn't give it the right taste I was looking for. Maybe it was the size of everything. Big veggies and small meat equals a no no!  
Also, they seem to be pretty busy on a Saturday night so you may want to call in and make reservations just in case. Overall, I saw some really good entrees come out for other people so I wouldn't mind coming back and giving it another try.I can't recall the last time I had Thai food. And I love a good Thai meal. And good BYO, and a decently priced restaurant.  Enter Tamarind.
Quinn lives around the corner for this spot and had never tried it out. It was a perfect spot for us to hit before catching a movie. Before dinner, I did some research and found that a riesling is probably the best wine pairing for Asian food. I picked one up that wasn't too fruity, yet had enough flavor to compliment the relatively big tastes served up by Tamarind.
We only had a short wait on a Friday night. Once inside, we were seated quickly and the impeccable service began immediately. Before we have even settled down at our table they took our bottle of win and brought it back in a wine chiller. The atmosphere is nothing special, but enjoyable enough. It's a good place to grab food, but you're not going to impress anyone here either.
The menu offers a lot of different choices, and I could be happy eating here a few times without repeating anything. We split appetizers of the chicken spring roll and steamed dumplings to start out. Both of these offered a lot of different flavors, and they were excellent renditions of standard dishes. Neither did anything new or exciting, they were just good. And I like that.
Shortly after we finished our first course, the mains showed up. The first was a Tamarind Spicy Noodle dish with pork. I liked this a lot; with the pork stir-fried with red pepper and large noodles. It was the heavier of the two dishes we ordered. It was good, but the real star of the meal was Pad Wonsoon. it's a rendition of a standard Pad Thai dish, with chicken and shrimp.  Overall, it's very tasty, with the dish complimented by glass noodles.
Bottom Line: Tamarind is not breaking new ground, but they understand their food and craft well.  There's so much to like about Tamarind. It's not going to change your life, but they provide great Thai dishes at reasonable prices and a BYOB to boot.I've had this place bookmarked for so long and I finally went.
The food is great. I was a bit bummed my Beef Pad Thai didn't come with more meat, but the sauce and quality were great.
This place is byob which is cool. Prices are great.
The inside could use some more character.
Overall, I'll be returning.I had a big group of 15 here last night, and they accommodated us very well. They quickly got our beer on ice and opened our wine. (It's a BYOB which makes it fantastic!) Our bill only came to about $240 after the tip was included for the entire party! The food was great and didn't take too long to come out. The food is seriously spicy if you ask for it to be spicy! However, some in our party don't do spice at all, and their food turned out great too!AMAZING.
I always come to Philly to eat here, and i always crave it.
The chef is also the nicest woman ever. She is also super talented. My favorites are the Pad Thai, Yum Beef and Duck Chu che. I've eaten thai food from all around the states, but this is my favorite.
Would recommend !!Not a ton of ambiance--stark lighting, not the cleanest bathrooms, sort of a strip-mall storefront feeling.
However, the duck panang curry was unspeakably amazing, and was generous enough for two.Good but not great. Better foods and flavors can be had elsewhere in the city but this location on South street was a bonus since we were hitting the Ritz afterwards. The decor could use some refreshing. Maybe a new coat of paint, cleaner table cloths, and carpet could be cleaned. I probably won't go back unless someone else were to suggest it. A little too pricey for what you get, food and atmosphere combined.I come here about once a week for my green curry fix. I always order the green curry with chicken. Like one reviewer said, it is like crack. It is so delicious. It is very spicy for me though (a bit of a spice wuss), so I usually ask for it to be made a little more mild. It is a generous serving, and it comes with rice. 
I haven't gone to any other Thai places for green curry because I'm always afraid I'll be disappointed. Tamarind has the best meals, I feel, because the vegetables served with it are always fresh and cooked perfectly (not soggy). I appreciate fresh crispy, not over cooked vegetables and value this highly about Tamarind's food. 
I have also had the chicken cooked isaan style. I did not like it, but it came with yummy sticky rice. The chicken was dry, though. 
I've also had the crispy angel appetizers. They're really cheap and tasty.
Service is always attentive and friendly. Never had a bad time here. Five stars for the green curry and service!First time here. Right on south street in Philly located right in the hustle and bustle of this iconic South Philly street. I learned of this place from my girlfriend and had previously had some of her food before but I must admit I had had a few drinks so wasnt sure if it was really that good or if it was just the alcohol. Well being completely sober this time around I can confirm it is in fact that good. The restaurant itself is average sized and very simple. You are not coming here for the decor or atmosphere. The service was a bit lacking for us being the only customers in the restaurant at the time so I would have expected more attentive service but I am willing to let this slide as they treated me to the absolute best calamari I've ever had. It was our appetizer and was clean and crispy. Evenly friend and light. The dip they provided was amazing..took my mouth for a ride every time. For the entree I got the Pad Thai. They asked if I wanted any spices and peanuts but being an Asian cuisine rookie I said no. But my GF who is much more of a foodie said yes. She made the right choice. The Pad Thai plain is just ok but add in the spice and peanuts and its quite good and flavorful and not too spicy. If you get the veggie version as my GF did your in for a treat. The broccoli in the dish was the best I've ever had. No exagerration. Overall, I definitely recommend a visit its reasonably priced, good portion sizes and very good. Just don't bring a date for the ambiance. Just the food.For me, the best Thai in Philly!  I come here once a week, at the minimum, and enjoy the
Ginger Lover's Salmon, the Pra gong salad, and Pad Thai.  Simply delicious!  And very friendly staff!  Highly recommended.I don't even know where to start! This place was amazing. My friend and I stopped here for take-out and the service was wonderful. Everyone was so nice and the food is TO DIE FOR. Well, at least the drunken noodles were. The best drunken noodles I have ever had.Some great Thai food, and you can't beat the price! I have never gotten Panang curry for less than $10 at dinner, and here it was a very reasonable $8.95. Not only was it affordable, it was quite delicious! Definitely recommended if you find yourself on South Street and need some Thai!Food was delicious!! Make a reservation for the weekend bc they are busy. Ps. If you order your dish spicy, IT IS TRULY SPICY!! The restaurant is also BYOB which is always great! I would definitely come back hereThe best Thai food in the South Street area. The food at this restaurant is way better than both Pad Thai and Aqua, other area Thai/ Malaysian eateries. They have reasonable prices and they will make your food anywhere from mild to Thai hot. Perfect blend of spices and flavor.If you're walking past this restaurant on an empty stomach, you're doing yourself a disservice. 
A few reviews question how Tamarind has such good reviews, but don't let this discourage you, because these "bad" reviews are outshined by the many amazing ratings Tamarind receives, and they deserve no less.
I came here on a date with my girl friend. We started with the calamari. They were larger than normal squid sectionals fried perfectly and paired with what I believe was a sweet and sour dipping sauce. It's exactly what calamari needs to be, crispy and flavorful (sauce).
Then came our separate appetizers. I went with the steamed crab dumplings. They might have looked simple and innocent, but they definitely packed a meaningful, flavorful bite. I would definitely get these again.
Them came the entree, I went with the Pad Kee Mao with beef. Upon first bite, my taste buds soared to another dimension of flavor. I fell in love. The spice factor for this dish was on point. It wasn't overbearing and complimented the dish wonderfully. The noodles were done perfectly and the basil sauce was addicting.  The portion size was very generous and I walked home happily knowing I had some amazing left-overs to look forward to.
To top it off (BYOB!!), the service here was quick, sweet, and attentive. There are so many other dishes I look forward to trying and I will definitely be back.What a great find! We had great food and service in this lovely little restaurant in a quiet portion of South Street. The spring rolls really were amazing and the crispy fried won tons were light as air. I would have considered the meal an unqualified success if the entrees had been only fair, but they were equally delicious -- Rad Na and a grilled chicken with sticky rice. We will definitely come back for more!uThis is by far my favorite thai restaurant in the city. Their space is small and comfortable and usually don't have a hard time getting a table on any give day except wkend dinner. 
It's BYOB which is always a plus and the girls are always accommodating. 
I've been here numerous times when I'm craving authentic and flavorful thai food and my number one go-to is Chu Chee duck.
It comes with a side of white rice and steamed veggies.
It's such a hearty and plentiful dish but all the flavors are beyond balanced. 
You can also choose your level of spiciness with everything on the menu. 
This dish is sliced crispy duck with the most tender meat. 
Duck may be hard to eat but these flavors make it taste better than pork beef or chicken.
You can't go wrong with anything on this menu especially their appetizers beef salad and all of their currys !! 
One of the gems of the city !This restaurant is a fantastic little place at the end of South Street. I used Yelp to find it and was extremely excited to go check it out since it received so many good reviews. I'm going to be 100% honest- the Yelpers didn't lie, Tamarind is absolutely fantastic!!!!
The food was amazing and very reasonably priced. There is a "scale of hotness" for people who like a little (or a lit) of kick to their meal. I had their version of Drunken Noodles with chicken at a hot scale of 5 (the hottest being at 7). Originally, I was going to go with a 6, but the waiter talked me out of it- and thank God for that because the 5 was pretty damn spicy.
If you're looking for a good Thai place, I'd definitely check out Tamarind....oh, and it's BYOB- even more of a reason to go!!! 
Great food, great service, great time!Overall, great food and decent service.  However as a BYOB you always get an extra nudge in my book.
Menu
Fish Cakes- very good!  Crispy on the outisde with a mushy filling on the inside.  The sauce that comes along with is especiially good. Comes with five so good to share
Thai Sausage- good, kind of dry bt helps with the spicy sauce.  WOuld not suggest.
Tamarind Noodles- very good, definitely a plainer meal to get especially if you are in the mood for just noodles.  Chicken was a great choice to go with.
Duck Panang Curry- although duck is not an option for curries they definitely can do it and wow you should try it!  Huge amount of cripsy duck with the curry.  The veggies were eh- just some carrots and green beans.  NEEDS MORE SAUCE- The curry was great but nto enough to dip the duk and rice.
White  Rice-very small amount rice. Use sparingly
We brought sake with and when they warmed up in the back OMG HOT.  It was too hot to touch and almost burned us.  They were able to find sake glasses however.
Overall, would go back if in the mood for Thai and in the areaThis place is awesome..Low key, friendly service, great tasting Thai food. I always get the salmon chu chee (~$16).  This dish is unreal..sweet, savory, rich orange curry with pineapple and fresh crisp veggies. The salmon is grilled to perfection. I order a side of rice noodles instead of rice which I find soaks up the sauce even better. Byob is also a plus. 
If your in the head house area of Philadelphia go check this place out!I invariably get pad thai at every thai place I go.  I just love it when it is good.  This was one of the more disappointing ones I've had in the city.Food is decent. To me not great. But, still a savory meal. Thought the salmon tasted boiled which I don't like it cooked that way.  Would try here for Thai but also consider other restaurants.I read reviews before buying or going to places. I believe in reviews. This restaurant is what all restaurant should be. Friendly staff, clean bathroom and the food, the appetizer and the dessert were very good. Areas of improvement? I can't think of one. We had a group of 11 people and everyone was VERY pleased.Tried others--best Thai around.  Wish they delivered!Seriously the best meal I've had in a long time! Food comes out piping hot and so flavorful. We've already been back and both myself and my husband loved our first meal so much that we ordered the exact same thing again! Pad Kee Mao and Sauteed Ginger Curry!low key, kind of dark..not much atmosphere but lots of vegetarian choices..I had the tofu veggie pad thai, steamed crab dumplings, and veg. spring rolls..very affordable, quick service, there was only I think 1 other party in the restaurant besides our group.i like this place.  it's really cute on south street and really good thai food (not as great as lemon grass though).  i love their squid.  so good.Decent Thai food, but don't forget to tell the waiter how spicy you want your food! We had different levels of spiciness in the dishes we ordered - some too bland and some just right. I really like the location of the restaurant on the nicer end of South St.; the pier is within walking distance (but pretty loud with all the traffic from 676 and 95).Tamarind serves quality Thai food.  When I'm completely exhausted after work, I love just walking over & ordering the Pad Thai to go.  I know that in less than 10 minutes, I'll have a good sized portion of yummy pad thai in my hands.  
I've eaten there a few times too and their service is decent.  The fried tofu & chicken sate are good starters.  
Overall -- there is nothing extraordinary about Tamarind (the food or decorations) but you'll definitely won't go away hungry or unsatisfied.Something is up with the Yelp ordering system because I placed a take out order for Chicken Pad Thai with no egg and I got home and opened it to find Shrimp/tofu Pad Thai with no egg instead. Apparently the restaurant cannot see the choice of meat selected on their end so they give shrimp as a default. Bummer, but the restaurant was nice about it and said they would refund my order. It was yummy but not the most amazing Pad Thai I've ever had, BUT I haven't found anything better in the city yet! I would order again when my thai food craving strikes.Amazing, great flavors, good find on south st. Recommend calamari n tom yum soup to start.My meal here was completely accidental. I was walking by with my cousin and we just decided to grab dinner.
We got the thai iced teas. Crab cake and springroll appetizers. I enjoyed the crabcake patty but it was a bit chewy..more like crab by product than crabmeat. The spring roll, I would get the veggie next time. We got the chicken because of my meat loving cousin. Maybe we should have just gotten that satays.
She got the pad thai. You can't go wrong with the pad thai. I got something with tilapia, shrimp and scallops in a coconut curry sauce. I enjoyed the flavor but my tilapia was under cooked in my humble opinion.
I think what they did was cook briefly it in the hot sauce and hoped the rest of the heat (from the sauce) would complete the cooking process (afterall it's just fish and fish cooks pretty fast) by the time it got to me. FAIL!
I took a few bites around the sauce and I wrapped the rest home and rewarmed/recooked it on my stove. I couldn't trust that the scallops were cooked either. 
I'm a bit paranoid about raw food, if I ordered it to be cooked, then I want it cooked. If I wanted it raw, I would have ordered sushi.Seems there's a big debate on here about how good this place actually is. I've never been to Thailand so I can't speak for the authenticity but my taste buds love it here.
We love spicy food. And Tamarind delivers. We love the dumplings and I would bathe in the sauce if I could. The Penang curry is one of the best I've ever had -- not too much spice but tons of flavor, richness, and complexity. We also find that the protein dishes are not just chicken or steak or pork dumped into a sauce but it tastes like they've been marinating in sauce and have their own flavors.
And this review is solely for pick up; so it's impressive that the food is this good when you pick it up and it's another 20 minutes until you get home and eat it.
It's one of our go to Thai restaurants in the city. No matter what other yelpers say...If you love Thai Northeastern (Esan) style food, this is a place to go. All Esan dishes (i.e. Esan far away, Laab, Papaya salad) are fantastic. Their Esan food is much better than Viantiane cafe in Ucity (which has gone down since they changed the chef.)
However, other dishes are so bland. We tried Somsak's secret scallops - a big disappointment, overcooked scallops, nothing special,  just a oyster sauce. 
BYOB is a big plus!I don't know what you are looking for in Thai dishes, but as for me, I love panang curries (because stir fry, I can do, curries I only cook when I have more time).  My dish was pretty good.  I came in a big group and other guests bought side dishes that were great!  I was impressed with the calamari -- it wasn't chewy at all, totally melted in my mouth as I like cooked squid to do.  Scallops were soft and mmm mmm good.  I love the thai iced tea.  I hope to visit again.This place is the worst. Its the reason why i just got yelp on my phone so i can tell every one how bad it was for me.I asked what was the biggest and best thing on the menu and was told it was the deep fried fish at market price.So when i got the fish i ate the little bit of veggies around the fish and started to go at the fish and finished one side of the whole fish in three tiny fork fulls.There was no meat at all on the bones at all.So after i figured out that there was nothing to eat on this fish i asked for the server to let her know that i was not happy with my order.They told me because i ate half of the fish that had nothing on it in they could not do anything for me but would give me a pad thai so i agreed.When i got my bill they charged me "Market Price"for the fish less fish. $23 bucks! I was had! So i payed $23 buck for pad thai that was burnt and just plain sucked! Hope you never go to this place.Never will i!The green curry tasted like something out of a can. My friend had the pad Thai which was too sweet.This restaurant is very clean, cozy, and has a nice romantic vibe to it. The service here is very pleasant and attentive. The decor is very fitting and is kept simple. Tamarind is also set in a really great location. South Street has many things to see or do before and after your meal. 
The food here is average Thai food. It is a great choice for anyone who is curious about the cuisine and wants to try it. The portions are decent; anything you order will most likely fill you up, especially if it is an entree such as curry or meat since it will come with rice. I strongly suggest their curries. Pro tip: pour it over your rice and it is the perfect combination of strong flavor and a filling, textured portion of rice to ensure that you are full. They complement each other! The pad thai here is delicious; you can't go wrong with such a typical thai dish. 
The one thing I must say that if you are sharing appetizers, the portions are very small. I ordered the fried calamari with 3 of my friends. We each had 2 or 3 bites at most. It's fine for an appetizer, but I was just hoping there'd be a bit more since they were small pieces. However, it did prevent me from filling myself up before enjoying my main entrees, so no major complaints.
The plates here are triangular and colorful. Not a significant detail, but it just enhances the decor a little bit with such touches.
It is a BYOB restaurant!
Overall, great place for dinner with a couple of friends, a cozy date, and even a larger group (I saw a huge family walk in and the servers quickly pushed together a couple of tables to accommodate them!)
I strongly recommend trying this place out if you have a thai craving while walking through South Street!This place did not disappoint! Great food and friendly service. Had the yellow curry chicken. Check out the tiny bathrooms!Lovely little Thai joint with a great selection for vegetarians.  As a BYOB with very modest prices for very good food, this is a fabulous and cozy little date spot.  They'll really make your curry extra extra spicy if you ask, which is great if you're like me and like to be tortured by your food.I am always looking to find a good Thai place in the city because I don't like to cook as much. I am not Thai but the spices use in Thai food is very similiar to Cambodian dishes. Overall, I can say that Tamarind is a great place. The place is quite small and the wait can be a hassle. I recommend making reservations before you head out there. It is a BYOB so that is a plus, and the service is great!
Menu - they have a level of spices that you can choose from and I love spicy food! I enjoy the duck curry but the last time that I was there it was a bit too salty. But, you can't go wrong with any of the curry dishes.one of the best pad thai dishes I've found in Philly, and plenty of veggies options!Small place and long wait. Decent price for okay food. It's BYOBTaramind is an excellent Thai restaurant. We feel its the best in Philadelphia. We've tried others, but none reach the level of Tamarind when they are on... My only compaint is variability. The food ranges from good-average one out four visits to drink-the-sauce delicious the other three.I have to say, having been to Thailand recently, this restaurant reminds me the most of the food I had there. I've been a few times now and LOVED everything I have had.  The duck is divine.Tamarind has been on my radar for quite awhile. A place that's been open for years has to be good right?
As a Thai beef salad fanatic, I've been lost since Thai Garden East closed eons ago.  Other places have made the dressing too sweet, not enough spice.
I kick myself for not trying it sooner - even at a 5, I finally found spicy!!  In fact, all 6 of my family members were impressed - definitely going back there again soon!!Service is very excellent and food is really good.  They have varying levels of spice and i love to eat very spicy so it was great!  I usually am just ok with Thai food but the food here and sauces were an experience especially for the prices as it is much more at many other restaurants so the value proposition is huge with great food!Excellent Thai food. Great customer service 
I was there with my sisters family. We had all vegetarian dish so can't comment on meat dish. My nephews loved the foodIt was OK.  First off, we had a reservation, which we definitely didn't need on a Tuesday night, but they had a table ready for us right next to another couple who was essentially blocking off one side of our table.  It didn't make sense to me when only one other table was in use.  
The food was okay.  I've had wayyyyy better Tom Khah soups.  I asked for it at a level 4 (out of 7) and it wasn't spicy at all.  Then about 3 minutes after the waitress brought the soup out, she gave me a dish with the chilis on it.  Wasn't impressed.  
We also had their roasted duck with veggies and Pad Kee Mao.  The duck was good, just not special.  I really enjoyed the Pad Kee Mao, but it definitely wasn't enough to bring me back.  I might check it out again because I always believe I should try a place twice (unless it absolutely stunk the first time).The only Thai place I've been to in Philly and I really like it. You have to order Thai Tea with your meal or you're not doing it right.
The chicken pad Thai is the best, especially with extra limes/lemons.We popped in here on a trip to Philly...I was craving Thai something fierce and all of a sudden this place popped up in front of us.  It was crowded on a rainy Saturday night, a good sign, but there was no wait for a table - even better!
We started with the spring rolls (great) and then split vegetable green curry and shrimp pad thai.  I wish I had read the reviews first! This place was SUPER SPICY!  In Pittsburgh I usually order 9 or 10 and they refuse to make it hot enough.  However, we ordered 6 on their scale of 7 and could hardly make it through the food! I know - that's my problem, not theirs! Though the burning overpowered my experience (they were quick to refill our water glasses, though I guess water doesn't help anyway)  I can say that it was tasty and well-made, with good ingredients.  Portions are on the smaller side, which is not to say that it's not a good value or that you'll be hungry afterwards, but that you can get an appetizer too and not have to worry about lugging leftovers around.
The bathrooms are also funny, considering that I am 5'4" and could hit my head on the ceiling of the ladies' room standing on my tippy toes!  That's not a negative, though - this is a humble, cozy and welcoming place.  I'd go back next time I'm hungry on South St. - and order a 5.Go here.
Finally checked this place out after noticing a Thai restaurant by my place.  Checked out the reviews and it looked great.  It did not disappoint.  We had the chicken, beef, and shrimp satay, the pad Thai, and the green chili with a spicy level of 4.  (It goes 0-7)  I was warned by previous reviews that it may be unbearable over 4, I think I could have took it up to a 5 comfortably, but it was spicy.  The spice didn't linger though, have a drink of water (or white wine) and it was gone.  Satay was typical, Pad Thai was as expected, green chili was phenomenal.  Go here for the delicious spicy torture most places are afraid to serve.  Total bill was $35, we brought a bottle of wine.  This place is awesome.I love this place. I have been going there for years, and the food just keeps getting better and better! That place is hands down, the best thai restaurant in philadelphia. It is a BYOB, and very affordable. You can have dinner for two for 20 bucks. It is also vegetarian friendly. The service is great!Grab that bottle of Sauvigon Blanc or Reisling and get to Tamarind.
The thing I love most about the Philly dining scene are the BYOB restaurants that dot the city's food landscape. These restaurants offer you the best chance to have a great bottle of wine with your meal without the crazy markup. Tamarind, offers delightfully delicious Thai food to cozy up to your choice of crisp white wine.
Tamarind offers two authentic styles of Thai cooking Bangkok and Isan style.  Isan is a style of cooking that is focused on chilies and sticky rice with the meal and comes from the North Eastern part of the country.  The menu is filled with stars, superstars and some misses. 
One miss was the Crispy Angel ($2.95) appetizer, which claims to be chicken and shredded carrot wrapped in a wonton and deep fried. Served with Sweet Chili Sauce. It's basically crispy won tons with a dipping sauce. The filling for the wrappers was MIA. I recommend sticking with the Chicken or Beef Sate ($4.95) delish meat on a stick with a tangy peanut sauce or Steamed Veggie Dumplings ($4) that come with a wonderful spicy dipping sauce. 
Superstars on the menu include the Pad Kee Mao Noodles (aka: Drunken Noodles) with Chicken ($9.95) or Shrimp ($13.95). This staple thai dish is served hot and spicy with fresh bursting flavors. The Chicken Penang curry ($9.95) is one of the better Penangs I've had with an assortment of fresh vegetables included. Outside of the curries an all-star can be found with the Roasted Duck ($14.95) that's a half roasted duck with crispy skin coating a juicy duck a top fresh stir-fried vegetables and ginger.
A star was the Pad Thai that offered many shrimp and was a tasty treat at just ($9.95). 
The restaurant is also Veggie friendly with more than 12 vegetarian dishes to choose from.Overall, Tamarind has decent food but just needed something to push the flavors to another level. 
I went here on Sunday, 28-Dec-08 for lunch. The place was dead and my friend and I were the only people there. The decor is ok and it has a nice airy feel to the dining room with high ceilings. The server was attentive and friendly but he had a thick accent that was difficult to understand at some times.
The tom kha was pretty good with well balanced, yet bold flavors that I expect from this soup. The Isan grilled chicken reminded me of summer time grilling with the delicious smell and juiciness of the chicken but as far as calling it a Thai take on grilled chicken, the flavors weren't there. The rad nah that my friend had was just OK as well. It could have used more spicy heat.
I can't understand why so many places has ho-hum Thai food. Thai food should be bold, intense, and memorable. Of all the Thai food I have eaten over the years, there are only 2 places that I feel do Thai right and both are in Ithaca NY of all places. I wish some place in Philly would nail Thai food because it seems like there are plenty of people that would enjoy an exceptional Thai restaurant.I ordered the pad thai, which had decent flavoring overall.  However, there was no shrimp in it whatsoever.  The menu clearly stated that shrimp was included in the dish.  Also, there was soggy/oily tofu in the pad thai along with my chicken.  Usually I like tofu, but this was just bad. 
Plan your bowel movements before going to Tamarind.  While they can't control the fact that the ceilings in the basement/bathrooms is about 5' 9", they do not bother stocking the toilet paper or paper towels.  So whatever you do, don't get super spicy food!What a delicious Thai find in Philly! I absolutely love Thai food, so when my friends asked what I wanted to try, I was grateful for the opportunity to ask for some Thai. We headed to Tamarind around 7 on a Sunday and it wasn't too busy. It is a BYOB place, but we didn't have the foresight to bring a bottle of wine. Oh well. 
I started with the som tum salad with papaya, carrots, tomatoes, and peanuts. It was so fresh and tasty! The flavor was great and it had a great little kick without being too overwhelming. For my main dish I got chicken green curry and it was right up there with some of the curry I had in Thailand. The coconut flavor was sweet, and with a 3 star spice level (you can order up to 7 stars but order with care) it had some nice heat on it. There were tons of veggies- green beans, red peppers, basil leaves, etc. to balance out a good portion of chicken. Our waitress was great and we had a nice evening. I would recommend this cute little spot for your next Thai craving!I've never been to Thailand.  I've heard people say you can't find any authentic Thai food in Philadelphia.  I'm not here to say whether or not that's true.  What I am here to say is that I enjoyed Tamarind.
Tamarind is on the part of South Street that I don't normally go to.  That section between 2nd and Front is just not a highly traveled area for me but I suspect that will change after my meal here.
We started with fried taro which was crispy on the outside and soft on the inside.  The sauce with it was not too sweet and hit the spot perfectly to open the meal.
I went with the vegetable panang curry and my buddy went with the spicy noodles with mock duck.  We went with spice levels 3 and 4 respectfully and each dish was just right.  I really enjoyed the curry because of its heat and its tang.  The spicy noodles with mock duck also was a nicely prepared dish that had sweetness which helped balance the heat.
Our waitress was incredibly nice and very accommodating to us.  The prices of this place are fantastic and they have a healthy vegetarian menu which to which I'm sure they could handle vegan requests.
I like Tamarind and I'm adding it to the rotation.there's an old yiddish expression -- "hamish" -- for something cozy, familiar and with a homey, serious substance to it.  tamarind is a hamish thai place -- no better way to describe it.  some unusual appetizers -- thai sausages were well spiced, and had very little fat/grease to them -- a wide-ranging spiciness scale for the scolville-wary, and great prices help.  dinner for two of us was $40 including three appetizers.  sticky rice comes wrapped in a small bamboo basket so it doesn't dry out.  rad na (lard na if you're from north jersey) was served in a thick brown gravy with well-cooked shrimp.  only reason it's not 5 stars was that the isan-style pork was a bit dry.  if i could give it four and a hamish-a half, i would.I went here one day during the summer. I had a pretty good experience. The place is smaller than I expected though. The food was really good. I ordered Pad Thai and a shrimp pastry appetizer. Both were delicious. I also had a bite of what my friend order (yellow chicken curry and dumplings appetizer). Those were good as well. The service was pretty good. They were helpful at picking dishes and just overall pleasant. Oh & fyi: it's BYOB!My friends and I went here recently.  They are very strict vegetarians, so they were super excited to find a place that was veggie friendly.  We had spring rolls, and the kitchen was kind enough to substitute tofu for shrimp.  They were very fresh and filled with vegetables.  We had a good pad thai and veggie panang curry, but the definite standout was the ginger vegetables.  It was spicy and gingery and absolutely lovely.  We look forward to going back to try more items.I really loved it. The food was great, superb service and definitely will be going back.Solid atmosphere, great service, incredible food!  Thai sausage and chicken spring rolls a must!!!Literally just walked past the place and thought "why not?" 
First off this place has the BEST customer service experience I've seen in my past two years here in philly. On top of that food was excellent cooked to the T. I enjoyed the fact that we could actually decide our spice levels here which is pretty sweet! 
Overall great experience I'd definitely come again and again!!I had heard good things about Tamarind and threw it on my list of places to check out.  Mind you, I heard good things but wasn't told it was a 'must try' or to prioritize my visit.  Well, either Tamarind seriously up'd their game or my friends and fellow yelpers undersold them.  Regardless, I regret not getting here sooner and will be back.
You've probably already read that it is a BYO.  Clutch for a date night.
Their offerings are pretty typical for Thai.  However, they do offer a few dishes I had trouble finding elsewhere in Philadelphia.  They also have a lot of Vegetarian options - I'm a meat eater but realize not everyone fits in that mold.
We started by splitting a bowl of Vegetarian Tom Yum.  They were nice enough to bring it out in two bowls both of which were decent portions.  I mentioned I'm a meat eater but was very impressed with this soup.  Ok, not give up meat impressed, but impressed enough to make sure I finished every drop without going as far as licking the bowl (which I did consider).  
For our mains, we shared Shrimp Pad Thai and Filet of Salmon Chu Chee.  There are plenty of places in the city to get Pad Thai, but that doesn't mean you don't have to try Tamarinds.  Solid dish of good portion and plenty of shrimp.  However, the true highlight was the Chu Chee.  The fish was perfectly cooked and the balance offered by the rest of the dish really accented it well.  If you at all like Salmon, it is my clear number one recommendation.
As for the rest, good service and nice atmosphere.  We came for dinner on a Sunday and didn't have to wait too long.  While the restaurant was busy our server provided plenty of attention.  Finally, once the bill arrived there was no sticker shock nor a feeling of not receiving value.Good was too sweet, but they put so much salt in their food as if covering up for how much sugar they had put in the food. The Thai iced tea is what I imagine what piss would taste like (a diabetic persons piss). Same as the food, the Thai  iced tea was unnaturally saccharine, but they also put too much salt on there as if they are trying to make up for how much sugar they had dumped in it. Never coming back again.Haven't had proper thai food in awhile, so, my friend and I came here today since we were shopping on South Street! Another friend says this is her favorite Thai restaurant in Philadelphia and after coming here today, I agree!
I think it's a nice, little space. The service is friendly and quick and the food really, really yummy.
For starters,  my friend ordered the fish cake which is finely chopped fish marinated with red curry and kaffer leaf, deep fried and comes with a dipping sauce. It was very good. She also had the Vegetarian Woonsen soup  which is glass noodle soup with vegetables, tofu and mushrooms. Looked tasty and she said it was very good.
For entrees, I had an entree listed under "Bangkok Goldmine" - Pad Woonsen, stir-fried glass noodles with chicken, shrimp and vegetables in a delicatable sauce. Very flavorful. My friend had an entree listed under "Spicyfications" -  Vegetable Panang Curry - which is fresh lemon grass and coriander curry - it was spicy and tasty.
Prices are reasonable. They accept major credit cards. It is a B.Y.O.B.
This restaurant is on South Street closer to Front Street and is well worth the walk, if you are on foot or the venture to South Street if you are looking for delicious, Thai cuisine.Delicious! If you are not good with spice make sure you tell them you like it mild. Very tasty! They even made vegan Thai tea for us with coconut milk! Super yum!Just ordered take-out dinner about an hour ago. A simple chicken pad thai for me and a red curry for my boyfriend. Today's review will be told in dialogue form.
Me: Can you make the red curry extra spicy?
Tamarind: On a scale of one to seven, how spicy?
*pause*
Me: He says seven.
Tamarind: Are you sure? Really? That's very hot.
*pause*
Me: He says he can handle it, he's Asian.
Tamarind: Ok then...
30 minutes later and our food is amazing. Well, mine was (though I wish there was more peanut sauce). Steered clear of the curry -- for good reason, too. Dude is currently running around the house yelling about how his mouth is burning. Bravo, Tamarind. Thank you for humoring us. We'll be back.Before moving to Philly, I lived in the Bay Area (Berkeley, CA to be exact). The Bay has a million options for amazing Asian foods... but Philly... not so much. 
Tamarind is a solid Thai restaurant. It's not as delicious as some of the restaurants back in Cali, but for Philly it's really good. 
I love that it's a BYOB and the food is truly spicy. 
I would recommend the Panang Curry and Pad Kee Mao.
The restaurant is small, so call ahead for larger groups.4 of us ordered 2 orders of spring rolls(2 per order) and one other appetizer, all fine not stellar. We ordered 3 entrees, one was a wide rice noodle thai basil with chicken dish, which we  eat often at home, it had maybe 1#2 cup of chicken a few pieces of sliced red pepper, a few TINY leaves of basil and a big pile of noodles.. so filing but not a good value. While we were the 3rd table in, we were 2nd to last to leave! There was a girl server taking orders and money and a guy doing other stuff, we would sit and wait and wait, at least 15 minutes for her to pick up our money and on and on.Great service and delicious food! My best friend was fasting for Ramadan and they were soo respectful with when to bring our food out. They also always asked how we were. The food had alot of flavor and is one of the best thai places I've been to in Philly.I came here for with my old roommates my last night in Philly. I absolutely loved this place! I had the shrimp curry and because I can't handle spicy food, I had my curry on a level one and it was perfect. Not too spicy so I really got the chance to enjoy my food. My roommates however got their curry on a level four and had a bit of a hard time dealing with it so beware!Oh Tamarind... You are always there for me when I want a cheap date night.
This place rocks. It's seriously one of my favorite spots to grab a bite with the man or some friends.
We probably go here at least once or twice a month. You start to crave it after a while. 
The atmosphere isn't upscale but it's no diner either. Just a nice chill place to get some dinner. 
We usually start with some apps. Crispy tofu, beef satay, crispy angel are all delicious. Their peanut sauce is the best I've probably ever had. I'm constantly disappointed by other places because I'm spoiled here. I always forget to ask for extra, and I then get minor food aggression when my dining companion swipes more than I think is necessary for their bite.
I can't review too many of their entrees, because I usually can't tear myself away from the curry. And he can't tear himself away from the pad thai. Both are awesome. I'm a big baby and usually only get a level 2 (out of 7). He gets a level 4 but I think that's mainly so I can't steal any of his food.
They don't have fancy desserts, but I'll forgive that. They do have an espresso truffle (I think it's called) that's basically coffee icecream with a coffee syrup type center. I'll get that if my mouth needs some cooling of from that intese level 2 I got (I told you, I'm a baby).
The total bill here for two of us is usually around $40 after a fairly generous tip. That combined with the BYOB status makes this place super affordable.Great restaurant- food was excellent and service was even better. Very reasonable priced. The restaurant seems to do a larger take out business than dine in. Would definitely recommend if in the South Street area of PHL.It's not entirely bad but this place had my boobs sweating! It's bad enough outside was hot and humid as hell these days but to dine in at a restaurant with no ac and temp more humid than outside is so uncomfortable and unenjoyable. Needless to say we had to pack our food and take it to go instead. I asked the waitress why is it so hot and she said she didn't know why they have no ac. 
The service took looooooooooooooong! All those O's are not exaggerated. I feel really bad saying this because their kitchen might be small with one cook who might be an old grandma but they've been in business long enough to progress and produce quality and satisfaction that it's not an excuse. Food was good but portions are a little small. Particularly my dish which was the tamarind salmon. The rice that came with it was probably enough for a 2 year old because had I been super hungry, 2 spoonfuls of rice will not be enough. I think their rice cooker is small and need to be updated to a larger one. Maybe I'll try this place again after they renovate it and add 5 cooks, larger rice cooker, air conditioning and maybe add a second floor so the customers waiting are not breathing or spit flying on your food when your table is 2inches form the door.The food was really average. Or for that matter lower quality than other thai restaurants in the area. We got the thai green curry and the roasted duck and both the dishes were real bad. They were very very spicy. And I am used to spicy food but this was too spicy to handle even for me! The waiters and the service was also below average. Spend ur money on some ither thai restaurant. Aviod!Came here on a summer Sunday night with a party of 5 and were able to get seated immediately. Atmosphere is casual-- definitely not something I'd dress up for. The menu is quite extensive. We ordered pad thai, yellow curry, and Pra Goong (shrimp on green salad). The pad thai was solid but nothing special. The yellow curry was not at all spicy, despite our request for medium spice, and it was about 40% potatoes. The Pra Goong was good but definitely fitting the price: there were only a few steamed shrimp on a bed of lettuce with light lemongrass dressing.Hands down my favorite Thai place in Philly. It's a very casual, no frills BYO on South Street. The food is beyond delicious (try the noodle-free pad thai and penang curry) and cooked without too much oil. My mouth is still watering thinking about my meal from the other night.I came here with 6 friends for a celebratory dinner last Friday. We brought wine, champagne and had a relaxed and delicious meal. Our waiter was exceptionally friendly and accommodating and even took photos for us. The food was awesome! We had a variety of entrees and all shared them. My favorite was the green curry which I had never tried before, but the drunken noodles and pad thai were also great. The staff was super friendly about bringing extra rice and was knowledgable about the gluten allergies that two people in our party had. We decided to make this our go-to spot!My old roommates and I came back here and brought some friends along this time during Labor Day weekend.  We were so excited that we couldn't remember what we ordered the last time and I didn't find my review until afterwards. Either way, we were all satisfied with what we ordered, which was different curries with shrimp and chicken, sans one person. She tried one of the salads and was in pleased but very happy with her Thai tea. I had the yellow curry with no spice again and loved the potatoes in the curry. We also had the regular spring rolls for an appetizer and they were absolutely phenomenal.Tamarind is great! The food is authentic and tasty, the service is good and it's BYOB. What more can you ask for?! We we with a small group of friends and we ordered a number of appetisers to share, they were all delicious, especially the fried tofu with peanut sauce. For our mains I shared a Pad thai and a Red Curry, both were great. The Pad Thai was well cooked with slightly firm noodles and a great smokey flavour.Yes. Just... yes. 
The food is fantastic, the ambiance is subdued, and the fact that its a BYO is the cherry on top. Tamarind recently printed new menus and utilized the opportunity to raise their prices between 10 and 20 percent, but even with the increase prices are reasonable and servings are generous. 
The green curry is some of the best I've ever had, and the vegetables in the pad Thai are crisp and fresh. 
It's well lit and clean, and the noise level rarely gets out of hand, which makes this a great place to head to, wine in hand, for a relaxed dinner with someone comfortable.i went a couple years ago but it was very delicious and they give you a lot of food. it was small and intimate but everyone was friendly and attentive to us.Ate at Tamarind today. I got the cashew chicken and my husband got the pai thai with shrimp. We also ordered the crispy angel as an appetizer. The crispy angel was good, but there isn't much to it. Crispy wontons with a tiny bit of chicken inside but we did enjoy it. I appreciated that the entrees were of normal proportions. I left feeling satisfied but not stuffed! 
Overall, I though the food was above average and the service was great but there was only 2 tables so the service should be great :) I can see us coming here again as we really had no complaints. Nothing blew me away and so I can't give it a 5. :)I stumbled upon all the positive reviews of this place on yelp and decided to give it a try since I was craving Thai.  The food here is excellent! The spicy tamarind noodles with shrimp is by faarrr my favorite! The place itself is a bit small but has a cozy ambience.  Their prices are sooo affordable! A meal for two typically runs us less than 30 bucks.  Just a warning: the spice here is serious!!! They let you pick your spice preference by indicating a number on a scale from 1 to 10, with "10" being the spiciest one can go.  Trust me, I loooove spicy food and have never gone past a "4."  I can only imagine a "10" as simply a plate filled with hot hot peppers.  Anyway, it's a great spot on South street right near Penn's Landing.  Great choice!5 Stars for Philly Thai food.  
The pad kee mao is sublime.  The curries are flavorful and you can select the level of heat you desire.  The fish cakes were far better than average and I also recommend the tom yum soup. 
The flavors are fresh and not as greasy as some of the other thai food I've had.  
I also like the whole fried fish in a sweet chili garlic sauce with extra garlic and a 5 spice level.
The stir fry dishes are equally as good and I recommend finishing with an ice coffee.
I get takeout from this restaurant all the time  Call in your order and it will be ready in 15 minutes. 
I've talked myself into going here tomorrow for lunch.  Remember to bring your own liquor as well and the price is right at this restaurant. It will not break the bank.The food is surely the highlight of this place... Each dish is cooked fresh and is very flavorful! My hubby and I visited tamarind tonight for dinner... Our appetizer was probably the let down of the meal! I recommend that you skip the crispy tofu... Peanut sauce that accompanied it was probably the saving grace... 
Green curry, chicken stir fry with cashews and pineapple fried rice were all extremely delicious! 
The place is simple and clean... Waitresses were friendly and attentive... Overall bill was not too bad either!Worst yellow curry I've ever had.  It's not even passable for what curry should be.  Spring rolls are even bland- how do you even mess up spring rolls? Tried them in Uber eats, Don't waste your time or money.Great duck and also the chicken soup with coconut milk. The Salmon dish yummy too. Service was above average.Food is good but this has to be the only Thai spot without a spice rack. Service is horrible. Waitress was more worried about her phone than serving. Would I go back? NO! Other places like Circles Contemporary with better service and better way better food.Tamarind is my favorite place to get Thai in the city. Don't forget to bring wine, it's a BYO. I highly recommend the Pad Kra Prao (if you love a strong basil flavor, with the perfect salty sweet combo). The Pad Kee Mao doesn't lose flavor with each bite, either. You really can't go wrong here.
Erawan's penang curry has become watered down over the years, so I branched out. But Tamarind's penang curry is mediocre at best. Service is great here and it doesn't get too loud because the space is so small. There isn't much seating for large groups. It's set up for couples in a romantic setting- just not dimly lit enough.I love Tamarind. Love as in: I refuse to have a Thai-food-affair with anybody but. Love as in: every single dish I've had has been amazing, and if I don't go in at least once a month, I go through withdrawls. 
My suggestion: go right now, get some pad kee mao, sit back, and revel in the deliciousness which is thai food!Great food, awesome service. The menu is very diverse I can come back 20 times and still have things to choose from.Probably my favortie Thai restaurant in Philadelphia thus far, especially since others have declined in quality and consistency of food and just don't measure up.  Service is good and food is consistent, which makes for a great dining experience.  I love that they are BYOB also.   My most recent visit was this past Wednesday for my mom's birthday. 
Between the 6 of us, we ordered:
Fried Taro - deliciously crispy on the outside and warm and soft taro inside, served with a sweet chili sauce. 
Tam Salad - greens with chicken, shrimp and an egg with a sweet dressing.  Reminds me of a chefs salad. 
Yum Beef Salad - greens with Thai marinated beef in lime juice with Thai basil and spices.  My favorite salad, which I'm craving right now. 
Pad Thai with Shrimp - generous portion of noodles with bean sprouts and peanuts, served with jumbo shrimp.  Did not try the noodles (but ate one piece of shrimp), but everyone else loved it.  My mom claims this to be the best Pad Thai she's had. 
Green Curry with Chicken -  the perfect flavor of coconut milk and spice with chicken and tender vegetables.   My favorite type of Thai curry.   
Roasted Duck Chu Chee - half of a roasted duck with bamboo shoots and an assortment of vegetables in a sauce of coconut, kaffir lime and spices. Good flavors of coconut milk and spices but duck was over cooked and a little dry. 
Filet of Salmon Chu Chee - salmon with the same accompaniments as the duck.  Good flavors as well and nice contrast with the crunch of the carrots (don't know if that was intentional or not) and I usually order it medium spicy(2-3), next time I'll make it more spicy(4). 
Islan style Pork Tenderloin - 2 pieces of Islan style pork, grilled, with sticky rice and a som tom salad.  One of the most tender and flavorful pieces of pork I've ever had.  Highly recommend this dish. 
Mock Duck with Thai Basil - mock duck made out of bean curd skin with basil and an assortment of vegetables in a brown sauce (can't remember what kind).  Surprisingly resembled duck and was very good.  
Overall, love their food, and you can't beat their prices for delicious Thai cuisine.  Will continue to frequent and bring others to experience.Definitely one of the better Thai restaurants I've tried in Philly! The food was so flavorful and came in large portions. Everyone in my party of 8 left happy! I recommend the Pad Kee Mao.I love Thai food so much... I mean that I'm obsessed more than a little. That perfect balance of hot-sour-salty-sweet...the herbaceousness, the pungency, the little blasts of hot fresh chiles. Thai basil. It all does somethin for the ole gal, I tell you. I love it. I have pestered other peoples' Thai friends for recipes. I love Thai food. 
As further testament to our general sloth at times, we kinda rely on Tamarind for our Thai food fix and mostly because it's close to our house. Through some trial and error we've determined what dishes will do the trick. The food is good, OK, but never quite great. 
And now here's the part where I pompously inform you, one and all,  how I've been so spoiled by some really great Thai food in my time... "in other cities and burbs," I remark while gazing wistfully into the distance. It's really true though...
Spoiled, so when my tom yum gai is kinda weak and in need of more lemongrass, or my penang is kinda watery...or it's all just kinda oomph-less... well, my heart just kinda sinks ever so sadly.
Here's what cranky ol me LIKES about Tamarind:
-If you like hot and spicy foods (and I do, and I do) you can count on Tamarind to hook it up. They offer "spicyfications" from 0-7. I order top heat and that's what I get. I like when people believe in my spiciness! I always order extra hot or "Thai hot," and at some restaurants it takes a return visit or two for the servers to really believe you. At Tamarind if you order 7 heat and nod emphatically, "Yes, 7," they'll believe you.
- Dig the Thai sausage appetizer.
- Pad Kee Mao or drunken noodle always hits the spot. Consistently. I always ask for some prik nam pla on the side ( fish sauce with thai bird chiles) just for added spikes of salt and heat.
-B.Y.O.B. is always good gravy. Bringing my own cold Singhas make me happy...anywhere, really. 
Singhas, ah yes, they also remind me of a song. And if you don't mind, I'll just eh... ahem, "Finally found a place they could never reach... Sippin Singha Beer on Pattaya Beach... Singha beer, don't ask no questions! Singha beeeeer don't tell no lies..."
If you're in the neighborhood with a hankerin for Thai and are happening to be carrying booze on your person, well, Tamarind is worth a try.I had been there multiple times and Tamarind had only failed me once or twice.
Let's first start off with the appetizers that I have tried:
Thai Sausage - FAILED! It tasted great, but I could have definitely gotten more at a Southeast Asian grocery store for a cheaper price. The portion was great for an appetizer, but terrible for the price.
Chicken Spring Roll and Vegetarian Spring Roll- C comes in 2 rolls while V comes in 3 rolls. Crunchy, nice golden brown, and did not even taste fattening even though it was deep fried. LOVE LOVE LOVE the sweet tamarind dip.
Crispy Angel- I must say that it is ordinary. Just like a general fried wonton - nothing special - comes with the sweet tamarind sauce on the side. Best thing about this is that it is CHEAP! Just 2.95 per order. It is nice to munch on while you are waiting for your entrees.
Fried Calamari- MY FAVORITE APPETIZER! Nice I say more?
Steamed Dumplings- I could have lived without. Same explanation as the Thai Sausage. I think this one comes with a garlic- soy sauce.
The Sates and the Sate Sampler- Love! Takes a while since it has to be grilled, so make sure you order ahead of time. I always have to ask for another side of peanut sauce. They had never charge me extra for that. If you want the Chicken Sate and the Beef Sate together, all you have to do is ask! A normal order comes with 4 sticks, it is possible to ask for two C sticks and two B sticks for the SAME PRICE of 4.95. Same goes for the Sate Sampler.
Tamarind Roll- The same as a normal summer roll. The sauce seems like the same peanut sauce for the sates. Not crazy about it, but it is definitely the HEALTHIEST thing on the menu.
Soups:
Tom Yums- Mixed feelings. I am sure that I had tastier ones else where, but Tamarind is definitely one of the best.
Chicken Tom Khah- Same goes for the tom khah.
Woonsen Soup- Sorry, but I have to be bias. I never liked Woonsen Soup no matter where I had it and Tamarind was not successful in changing my mind.
Salads:
Thai Salad- Love Love Love, but this is only after I asked for no onions, no bean sprouts, no tofu, and no eggs. WHAT IS LEFT?! Well, let me tell you, a handful of greens carrots, fresh tomatoes and baby tomatoes. This is just how I like my salads. The sauce is the same peanut sauce as the one for the sate. i like to mixed the peanut sauce with the sweet tamarind sauce as the dressing for this salad.
Som Tum- I like my som tum with papaya. It was heaven in my mouth. The first note you get is definitely sour, and then sweet, and then (if you want) spicy. It was GREAT. I like my notes to be sweet, then sour, and then spicy, so I asked for more sugar on the side. Problem solved!
Yum Woonsen- It looks amazingly bland, but it was just bursting with flavor!
Yum Beef- SOOOO GOOOOOOD.
Curries:
Simple explanation- Very nice, but my favorite will have to be the Sauteed Ginger Curry.
Entrees:
Pad Thai- Mixed feelings again. It was good, but I have definitely had better elsewhere.
Tamarind Spicy Noodles- LOVE. It has the same thin flat noodles as the pad thai, stir-fried in a lovely sweet tamarind sauce with just the right amount of chillies.
The Ducks- If only I liked to eat duck, I would have definitely ordered some of the duck dishes. As the dishes pass by my table fresh out of the kitchen, it just looked and smelled soooooo wonderful!
Tamarind Chicken- The smells of the duck dishes compelled me to order the Tamarind Duck (just because it sounded nice in the menu), but with Chicken instead of Duck. it might have tasted different with duck meat (different flavoring, like how adding shrimp would make everything taste like seafood), but I was happy with the dish. Only downside was that If I did not have rice, it would have been a tad too salty.
The Fish Dishes- To be honest, I am not a big seafood eater. I have tried and loved Tilapia in Heat. However, my all-time favorite will still have to be the Salmon Cha Cha Cha. It was just WONDERFUL. So wonderful that it has become indescribable. You will just have to try it for yourself.
Radna- It was nothing special. I never really liked it to begin with and Tamarind has failed once again to change my mind.
Pad Woonsen- NEVER ORDER. Well, I mean, DO NOT order if you KNOW that you DO NOT like the clear thin noodles. I find that the Pad Woonsen at ANY RESTAURANT to be dry and tasteless, Tamarind is no exception.
The Drinks- Definitely overpriced. Tasted normal. Meh~
The Restaurant- Reservations are definitely recommended if you plan on going to eat on and between Thursday and Sunday. Warning: If you do not show up in 15-30 minutes after your reservation time and you did not notify them of any changes in time, they WILL GIVE YOUR TABLE AWAY. This happens only on busy nights though. They will still try to accommodate you if they can. Simple decor.
On busy nights, you should definitely order food that is not grilled, grilling takes FOREVER.
SEVEN IS WAAAAY SPICY. Please base your level accordingThis is so far my favorite restaurant to order Pad Thai. I heard good things about this place and how authentic the food was and I decided to try the Pad Thai. The dish was perfect. The chicken was cooked to perfection (not dry or over cooked)  I'm particular when I order chicken but I wasn't in the mood for shrimp (Pad Thai it's recommended with shrimp) so I decided to get chicken and I was ecstatic I got it. 
The downfall when I asked for Thai chili sauces they didn't have the vinegar with the jalapeños or the fish sauce with the red/green chilis and or the dry chili powder. All Thai restaurants have this. The server said he could get me dry chili but it was red pepper flakes which one would put on pizza. 
Overall, great restaurant/atmosphere/service just suggest to get the authentic Thai chili sauces.A few co-workers and I just stopped here for lunch.  I had the fried tofu stuffed with cucumber and carrots served in a peanut sauce.  It was so incredibly delicious!  For the entree, I had the ginger mock duck.  Very good as well - there was no way I was able to finish it.  I will definitely make a return trip.This is my favorite Thai restaurant in Philly.  The food is excellent, always fresh and prepared to order, and the prices are very reasonable - entrees in the $10-15 range are plentiful.  Add the fact the fact that it is a BYOB (no corkage) and it's easy to get out of there for less than $20/person, including tip, with food and service that makes you feel like you paid a lot more.
Wish they would start doing delivery, but we'll continue to visit.my love of thai food has just been extended. i'm usually the pad thai/ drunken noodles person but felt like trying something new and wasn't disappointed. the isan grilled chicken was heavenly. it's a nice cozy place with friendly staff.Food is great.
You have to be patient though because service is very slow.
Angel Crisps are excellent along with the Chicken Tom Yum soup (some of the best I have had).
Pad Thai is very different from what I have had on the West Coast but is delicious.The service here was really slow on a weeknight and the servers seemed really inefficient or not perceptive because they didn't check on us even if we were staring them down. My friends and I were disappointed that not all the staff that came to our table could answer our questions when deciding what to order. We also requested things and had to remind them or wait a while. We even felt bad for a large party that came in after us and left without getting past drinks because the staff was taking so long, meanwhile we were waiting for the check for a very long time. I really don't like to post reviews like this but think there needs to be improvement if they want customers to come or return.
The poor service was more memorable than the food but I will comment this: You can choose how spicy you want your food on a scale of 1-7, and I chose 2. While my tolerance isn't very high, my friends who can tolerate more agree with me that it was spicy enough for the average person.This is the most delicious Thai restaurant in the city, hands down. The food is always so fresh and flavorful. The portions are huge. The appetizers are fancy lookin. The sticky rice is....actually sticky! There are tons of vegetarian options (hoorah!)
The wait staff are so so friendly. 
And to top it off, it's really affordable.I took a break from all of the meat sandwiches I was consuming (and loving) during my visit to Philly and decided to try some Thai. I've never had Isan-Style Thai, but the Isan-Style Pork Tenderioin sounded so good that I made the leap. WOW. This dish is Flavortown. It actually reminded me a of a spice-rubbed pork dish I make at home. I can't stress enough how flavorful this was. Not spicy, but definitely lots of spices. It was a bit overcooked, but the flavor made up for that easily.
If I'm ever back in Philly, I'm definitely swinging by here again. Neat tiny Thai restaurant with good food and friendly service.Great spot for Thai! The staff is very kind and the food is delicious. They are great at accommodating allergies and preferences. We love their Tom yum soups, sate, pad Thai, spring rolls, dumplings and curries.Went here last night with a group of 8 people for an 8:30 reservation. We ended up getting seated at 9:15 due to another table not leaving, but the restaurant called to warn us of the delay so we didn't mind the extra wait. Service was slow in terms of bringing out water glasses and opening wine we had brought. Even though the restaurant was empty due to us getting seated so late all the food came out one dish at a time with a spread of 10 minutes between the first person and last person receiving their meals. 
Overall the food was good, spice level was good, price was low, but service was not great. Wouldn't recommend going with a group, but service might be better for small parties.Sure, there's another Thai joint just a short walk from this one, but why go anywhere else?  Dollface and I tried Tamarind for the first time last spring and since then it's become a favorite and the only Thai restaurant we go to.
The food is swell with a capital S.  The appetizers are killer diller (no, not Phyllis Diller). I can vouch for the greatness of the spring rolls, the amazing dish known as Som Tom, which is thinly sliced cabbage and carrots upon which chopped peanuts in their own little dressing are applied on top, and one other spicy little number the name of which escapes me now.  The chicken Tom Khah soup is also exceptional, with big chunks of chicken and plump, luscious mushrooms filling every bite of coconut milk-based goodness.
The main dishes are just as excellent.  I have never had better Phad Thai, period.  The Pad Woonsen with its piles of glass noodles is a close second favorite on the menu.  The curry dishes I've had are super, and their take on cashew chicken is a tremendous taste to behold.  Dollface always really enjoys the Salmon Cha-Cha-Cha special.  Last time we went in, I had a dish which came with sticky rice served in its own little container that was beyond compare.
The food can be spiced up any way you like, from none at all to a "7" on the heat meter.  Be warned, though: I'm a spicy freak and going over a "3" here can be seriously painful.  Be prepared for the full-on eyes watering, nose running experience when you venture at 3 or above.  But the good thing is, the heat doesn't take away from the flavors of the dishes, but instead complements them like it should.
The staff is always very friendly, and the manager/owner will bend over backwards for you to get your order the way you like it.  If they can do a variation of something on the menu for you, they will happily without complaint.  The only quibble I have with Tamarind is that when the manager isn't there and the dining room is being waited on by the rest of the staff, service can get a bit slower at times.  I don't know why this is, as they usually have two girls busting their asses when he isn't there, but they don't seem to be as efficient.  Yet that's a minor point and does not take anything out of my overall score.
I suggest eating in.  You can get takeout, but the food seems to taste more delicious having it there, and the portions you get dining in seem a little larger as well, but that just might be my imagination.  Even at its most packed, Tamarind always has a spot to sit down and eat.  The clientele ranges from those older, BYOB wine freaks to younger BYOB wine freaks and everyone in between.  Last time we were there, there was a drunken group of three gals talking about as loudly as possible.  The only reason I didn't complain was that one of 'em walked by on her way to the pisser and complimented my Beatles t-shirt.  God bless her.
So yeah.  Tamarind all the way up near Front Street.  One of the best dining experiences in the city.The best sticky rice I've ever had. I also had some BBQ pork dish last time. Can't quite remember the name but it was very very good. Sometimes it's hard to get seated bc it's kinda small. Very delicious food all the same.Had the Vegetarian Tom Yum Soup and Vegetarian Pad Ke Mo at level 5. I love spicy food and this was the perfect spice level for me. The tom yum soup was delicious and I am craving more as I write this. Very light and veggie full. The drunken noodles portion was huge and I took most of it home to finish. Looking forward to going back and trying more dishes.
edit: went back and had the tom yum soup at level 5 again. My tablemate got his curry at a level 6 which he had gotten before too. And my esophagus felt like it was burning in a hellish fire. I didn't want to complain but god damn. I love love the food, but somehow their spice level wasn't consistent to the other couple times I've been there.This is by far my favorite Thai restaurant in Philly (although it's only average compared to the restaurants in the Bay Area, where I'm from; however, their pad thai is the best I've ever had because it's not too sweet and the noodles don't have that weird orange color).  I love spicy food, and Tamarind can definitely make food spicy enough to satisfy me.  My only complaint is that the spiciness of their dishes is not always consistent so that sometimes 6 stars is perfect while other times it's slightly too spicy.  
My favorite dishes here are the pad thai (they even have a "noodles-free pad thai," which is perfect when I don't feel like I can indulge in a high carb dish), panang curry, green curry, duck chu chee, roasted duck with vegetables (the duck's crispy and the sauce is not sweet--I don't like sauces that are too sweet), fried taro, and golden tofu.  Their pad kee mao is pretty good too.  I think the roasted duck is a bit too sweet for my taste (as you can see, I've had all of their duck dishes because I love duck).  
The only dish I've had there that I thought was bad was the Angry Salmon.  For some reason, it wasn't spicy at all but was really sweet instead (yuck!).  The Isan-style pork tenderloin was rather mediocre because the pork was too dry.  
Everything else I've had there has been pretty good.The last dinner date I had in Philadelphia before I moved down to Miami. Wonderful food and service. The red and Penang curry were sone of the best I've had in Philly. Ordered the spring rolls and they were delicious. I have tried a lot of the Thai restaurants in Philly and this is certainly in the top 2 or 3.This place blows most other thai places out of the water! I savour just about every bite I take here. I love the green curry with any type of protein or veggie.  I usually get 3 stars of spiciness and it's just the right amount. I like a medium-hot type of heat if that helps. My bf loves spicy spicy and 4 to 5 stars is plenty for him. It goes up to 7 and I couldn't imagine being able to breathe after that! All of the soups rock and their yum nam kaow tod salad with crispy rice is one of my favorite salads of all time. I usually get takeout from here, but their restaurant ambiance is casual and intimate. Its a gem!Great little thai place. Small inside. Very cozy. Staff was friendly and service attentive. Thai iced tea was great. We also had the Penang chicken curry and pad kee Mao - both great and large portions. We also tried the sticky rice - differed from regular rice and hubby liked it a lot. The only thing I was not crazy for was the calamari appetizers. Calamari only tastes good fresh and not frozen. It was too chewy. I def recommend they remove it from menu since everything else was so good.Great Thai food, AWFUL SERVICE. If you are short on time, DO NOT GO HERE!!!! Slowest service ever! Took 20 min just for them to take our order. Took 15 min just for them to pick up the check payment.This was actually the best , freshest thai food that ive gotten anywhere! The pad thai is guarenteed the best..... and most reasonable in the city. All the ingredients were fresh and cut  to order. The price was unbelievably reasonable. The portion size was adequate. If you like it hot, get the level 4, its hot enough. The scale goes up to 7. The wait staff was knowlwdgeable and knew everything about what was on the menu. They were right there if you needed anything. Try and get a reservation on a friday or saturday on short notice... Good luck. Make reservations in advance, you will be happy!!The tables in this restaurant are pretty packed together, and the atmosphere isn't great. The pad Thai isn't anything to write home about...overall, it wasn't very memorable at all. A better bet is "pad Thai" (the restaurant) which is just around the corner.Loved it! Discovered this tiny place when the wait was out the door and my palate was settled on Thai... 
There were a few regulars waiting reassuring us it was worth the wait, which didn't turn out to be too long and it was worth it! 
I like spicy so when I was asked what number of spice I would like for my Pad Thai or Penang and 5 being pretty spicy, I said 7. Yes! It was SPICY! After a good sweat, I determined...I love this place! We all enjoyed our meals and I will be coming back! I hear they have the best pad khee mao in the city!!! 
BTW, checkout their restrooms...it's an experience... oh and BYO ;)Definitely a fan of Tamarind - it tops my list of BYOB's in town. 
They have a great selection of Thai favorites and everything is pretty delicious. Not overly huge portion sizes, I don't think we have ever taken home leftovers. 
The appetizers are pretty spot on. 
But... with every romance, there is just that one thing that sorta kinda doesn't bother  you at first, but after a few dates you're like UGH WTF. 
With Tamarind, my only beef is the waiting area or lack of one that is annoying. I don't even head over there until I know it is well past the dinner rush because I hate standing awkwardly in the way of EVERYONE. 
Basically you stand in a hungry clump with other hopeful eaters until one of the seating fairies notices you're about to pass out and then seats you. On more than several visits, we have been sat after people who just arrived. 
Tl; Dr - Awesome food & BYO. Don't go at high traffic times.Came here with friends this summer. It felt small but cosy. I couldn't feel the ac, so I got a little bit worried in the beginning. The decor was nice. I just got the pad thai, a safe choice. I almost got the green curry but I was kinda nervous I'd still be too hot from the lack of ac and heat from the curry. The pad thai was delicious but not the best I've had. My friend got the green curry, she said she enjoyed it. The service was also good. 
Overall, I thought it was good and I may try this place again if my friends want Thai food and we're in town. However, I probably wouldnt go out of my way to come back.I would call it unfortunate if I thought chance had anything to do with it, but the collective experiences of myself and others have convinced me that this place is just not so great. Surely, it is not as bad as Thai Singha House or Pattaya, but those are at the very bottom of the barrel. On this trip we had mussels, tom yum goong, gai pad kra prow, thai sausage and a tilapia dish. The mussels were far overcooked and in a very mild, perhaps bland broth which might have suited something less leathery. The tom yum was virtually identical to the mild, bland substance under the mussels, maybe with a dash of vinegar, but without the depth or complexity I'd normally expect of this soup. The thai sausage was dry and served with what was apparently watered down sriracha. The chicken and basil was boiled in its own juices rather than actually stir fried (admittedly a difficult feat, apparently, for I have only been to maybe 2-3 restaurants out of ~25 nationwide that can prepare it correctly), and similarly lacked much in the way of spice or interest, but it was edible. The tilapia was served over a pond of the same brown sauce that came under the chicken, but was shockingly tasteless somehow. Entrees all came sprinkled with green beans and carrots. It made me think of a food truck.
Anyway, for Philadelphia's thai food this is probably great, but.. I wouldn't take anyone Thai here. (The jury's out for Philadelphia's best Thai food, but I am searching...)Meh! A bit of a disappointment after all the strong reviews. Ordered Pan Woonsen takeout. I've had it elsewhere and it was wonderful. Tamarind's had a nice mix of shrimp and chicken, but the chicken was on the dry side as was the entire dish and was really bland. Could have use more seasoning and sauce. No where as good as Thai Thanee in Abington.When a friend came to visit from an area that doesn't have good Thai options, it was a great time to try out Tamarind. We made reservations in advance and had no problem getting seated in the warm, noisy restaurant.
We started with the Fried Taro, which was like an Asian hashbrown: crispy on the outside and smoothly soft on the inside. We also ordered a Panang Curry with Pork (less sweet than we had expected for a coconut-based curry) and the curiously named Masaya Taking a Shower (whole snapper in a sweet chili sauce).  My friend was pleased to get her Thai fix at Tamarind!Our favorite spot. Small but big flavor. I recommend the angry salmon. BYOB gives it that 5th star.GROSS GROSS GROSS GROSS GROSS GROSS GROSS.
Vegetarian Radna is disgusting.  The vegetarian dumplings are disgusting.  The vegetarian Tom Yum soup is ok, but not great.  The spring rolls were good.I ordered takeout from Tamarind last weekend and was not disappointed. I ordered the pad Thai which came with tofu and shrimp. I ordered it at a level 3 and was fine with the spiciness of it. I also ordered some of their vegetarian spring rolls which were also quite delicious. 
The portion was sizable and I had enough for left overs the next day. 
I would definitely recommend and I look forward to trying some of the other dishes.Decent takeout Thai...thought the pad kee mao (drunk man noodle) was a little too sweet and not spicy enough. The dumplings were excellent but smaller portion size. Looking forward to giving some of the other entrees a try in the future. Prices are fair and takeout service was both quick and accommodating.I used to think Tamarind was a great restaurant. We had been going there for years and had been loyal costumers, until they had we were there when they had a big party of family. We arrived at 7:30 and did not get our food until after 9pm, even though there family, who came well after us and was a large party were eating long before us. When we asked repeatedly when our food was coming, the waitresses responded with attitude. When our food finally came, mediocre would have been a compliment.
I want to say Tamarind is a good restaurant, but it all depends on where you fall on the hierarchy.Best Thai Food I have had to date in the city.  Great value as well.  Ordered Penang Curry w' Basil Fried Rice, Drunken Noodles, Pad Thai.  Enough to feed 2 for dinner then leftovers for 3 people at lunch!!!!I've been coming here for years & it's never disappointed. I don't think it's the nicest place, I mean the restroom is in the basement and it's very basic (toilet & sink nothing else and it's not the most welcoming). The food however is phenomenal. I usually go with a group so I've sampled many appetizers. My favs are the calamari, veg spring rolls and steamed dumplings. The chicken sate was good also. My go to dish is the shrimp pad Thai, it's well flavored, I usually get my spiciness at level 2 or 3. The Angry Salmon seems to be popular amongst my family & friends. Recently I ventured onto the Pad Kra Pao & it found a home in my heart & my belly. The servings are perfectly sized, I'm always satisfied & sometimes stuffed. The prices are fair, typical Thai prices. The staff are pleasant & the dining room is cozy. Everyone that I've turned into tamarind loves it. Oh, btw it's a BYOB! #winningLoved the Thai Tea here!  The food is fantastic!!  We have had a variety of dishes here and my favorite are the Tamarind Noodles and Pad Thai.  Always a pleasant experience here.I ordered the Chicken Rad Kee Mao and Chicken Tom Kha soup and it was soooo good! They don't disappoint. At first I was nervous because noone was dining there and I ordered takeout but I was pleasantly surprised. I wish they were my local Thai spot but sadly I'm just visiting on business.Tamarind is an awesome, cheap, Thai, BYOB right on South Street between Second and Front.  My boyfriend and I got our own orders of Pad Thai and two spring rolls - $26 bucks! 
The menu is vast, the food is great, the service is delightful, and the price is right.  I'm going to be a regular at this place!Love Tamarind, I have been coming here for years. 
As a recent ex-philadelphian, I miss Tamarind very much.  The cuisine is not trying to be 100% authentic Thai, but that is OK.  The food is fantastic!  This is the one of the first places I have had crispy duck, not greasy.  I don't think they have duck soup, so the other reviewer must not have their facts straight.
Try the wasabi shrimp, not on the menu but truly a delight.  Owner and staff are fist rate as well.  They will make something for the kids if you tell them what you want.  This is not a Chuckie Cheese, but they are accommodating.
-tomHow about romantic setting Thai place with plentiful parking, casual hole-in-the-wall feel, chef-owner, BYOB, authentic and affordable all sound in one package?
Amazing Deliciousness. 
Great for dates, great for birthday get-togethers, great for special occasions and celebrations. 
Bring: German Rhein River Riesling
Order
Appetizers:
Fried Calamari
Golden Tofu
Tom Yum Soup with Shrimp
Entrees:
Tamarind Duck
Trilogy of the Sea
Pad Thai
Pad See-U (off menu, get it with shrimp and squid, AWESOMENESS)
Drink:
Thai Tea
Arrive Home:
Freaking satisfied and full, time for nap, boom.So, you know when you're Thai and you walk in and try to get things spicy? Well, this time it was 50/50. Some of what I ordered was a good level of spicy as advised by the server, while some was not spicy at all. I guess it's always a gamble!
Anyway, I ordered Tom Yum, which was a tiny bowl for how much I paid for it. It was pretty spicy. From 1-7, I got a 5, which was pretty spicy. I wish they gave rice with the soup though, since it was like drinking liquid fire for no reason. I should have asked for rice to make this soup more palatable.
I ordered the Panang with chicken. It was good, but not spicy enough. So, it went the opposite way. I think I must have ordered it a 3. Maybe a 4 or 5 would have been nice for a curry.
My Thai Iced Tea was wayyyy too small. We make this at home and it's cheap. Give me a bigger glass, please? And, put more half and half/creamer next time. The balance was a little off.
The prices were okay, not too bad, but I would have expected more. The ratings are not perfect for this restaurant, and I can see why. So, it was enjoyable, but not my favorite Thai food restaurant experience to date.
The best part was seeing a table with a really cute guy at it. But, that wasn't the restaurant's doing.When it comes to Thai food, I am That Guy who always just orders pad thai. Don't judge me; I do TRY other people's stuff.
Tamarind is consistently good. The food never disappoints, getting a reservation for a decent-sized party (10-15) is pretty easy, AND it's a BYOB. The staff is incredibly gracious, even if you're the huge, drunk party that's stumbling towards the door long after they've locked it. You can see the little thought bubbles over their heads, with expletives written out in Comic Sans, but still they smile and say thank you, and for that reason I will go back again and again.Wow, this place is seriously awesome!
First thing is first - I heard many great things about this place. I tend to have very high expectations for what "good thai" should taste like because I used to work as a server at an amazing restaurant in Chicago, and it basically set the bar for me.
So, I decided to check this place out. First of all, it's B.Y.O.B. Those four letters are already a reason to excite anyone. Bring your favorite bottle of wine, or some beer, and sit down and enjoy some fabulous dinner!
Second, best time to come is anytime before 7pm. Before then, you'll be able to park right next to the restaurant, AND beat dinner rush hour. Anytime after that, expect to wait a little to be seated - it gets pretty busy.
But now on to the food ... if it is your first time, and you'd like your food spicy, they give you a description of how spicy the food can get. It's ranked between 1-7, 7 being the hottest. 
Let me tell you... I LOVE spicy food, and I eat everything ridiculously hot (One time in mexico, I drunk walked to a taco stand and literally poured tons of habanero sauce all over it and almost died, then went back the next day to do it again).
So with that said.. a 2-3 is a medium spicy. I ordered my dish a 4, because I was warned that 5 was leaning towards really spicy. 4 was a perfect choice. It was pretty spicy, but bearable to eat without masking the other flavors.
Anything above 4 will be VERY spicy - just a warning.
I ordered their Tom Kha soup, which was a bit watery for me but packed with so much flavor, I was still satisfied with it.
I also had an order of their Crispy Angel, which came with a good chili sauce, that seemed a bit spicy then regular sweet chili sauce.
Their Pad Thai wasn't amazing I'd have to say, but the 4 star spicy that I chose gave it a great kick.
Best thing I ordered was Sauteed Ginger Curry. wow.. WOW. It was a perfect mix of spicy, creamy, packed with flavor, and the chicken as well as shrimp was cooked very well. It came with a small helping of rice, if you are a hefty eater, an additional order of rice may be needed.
Overall, I was very impressed with Tamarind and I'll definitely be coming back. Soon.Their pad Thai is the best and also they are byob.  It's the best of both worlds.  They have different spice levels so make sure to let your server know how spicy you want your food or how mild.  They're usually pretty good with how you like it.  Must try!!!Finally a place with good Thai food. Having lived in Philly for two years now I thought I had tried all the this town had to offer in the way of Thai food and had been left feeling disappointed. That is until I tried the eats at Tamarind. We kicked the meal off with an ap of spring rolls which were excellent. I was really happy to find a none fried version (although that was available as well) and even happier that is was brimming with fresh veggies. The dipping sauce was all sorts of delicious and didn't over power the dishes flavor.
Next up was Tom Yum. This is a soup I CRAVE in the winter and can be hard to find as a vegetarian (technically pescetarian)  but Tamarind had it and it completely hit the spot. There was a nice balance between the salty and sweet with a touch of heat that is the dign of truly good Thai food. 
To round things out I had a lemongrass and shrimp dish that was exceptionally spiced and incredibly fresh. Considering the reasonable price it had plenty of shrimp and was large enough to fill me up without going over board. 
I would highly recommend Tamarind for anyone else needing a fresh Thai fix.Tamarind is by far the best Thai place in the city. I've eaten at other Thai restaurant only to come back to this one.
We've frequented this place so many times I think we've tried almost everything on the menu. Some of our favorite appetizers are the spring rolls, shrimp in pastry shells and crispy angel. For the main entrees, we love their red curry. The duck chu chee is also amazing, although sometimes the duck can be a bit dry. If you're in the mood for noodles, the pad woonsen is a must. 
If you love spicy food like I do, you can spicify your food. They have a scale from 1 - 7, representing the number of spoonfuls of peppers they put in your food. Beware, they are really really spicy.
Best of all, this place is BYOB. You can get a great meal without spending a lot of money.Intimate atmosphere, excellent service, delicious food. Lots of yummy vegetarian options, as well. We enjoyed and would recommend everything we ordered, including the crab steamed dumplings, vegetarian woon sen soup, isan-style chicken, and pad woon sen. Reasonably priced and BYOB. Does not get better than this - will definitely be back!!This is a very long overdue review. My boyfriend and I LOVE this place, the food is always good and really fresh and the prices are so reasonable. We are foodies (I hate that word); we eat at upscale restaurants in the city at least once or twice a week and this place remains one of our favorites. Really good Thai food (we especially love the Tom Kha soup and Ginger Curry Chicken) and it's a BYOB that accepts credit cards. It is cute and nice but not overly fancy (dress up or down), and is definitely our "go to" spot. Would highly recommend checking it out!Hands down one of our families favorite places to eat in Philly. Chef is amazing and we love her! Sautéed Ginger Curry is amazing but then again everything there is!Finally a Thai place that actually serves up spicy Thai food that kicks your ass a little bit.  My suggestion is to not go when you're already 1/2 in the bag and order a dish that's really spicy, because here they actually add some heat.  Luckily it's BYOB so you can bring your own beer to cool off the burning.I've been coming to this place for years and I have NEVER been disappointed with the food or service. My dishes always come out so fast, the staff is so nice, and the food is amazing!
I always order the Pad Kra Poa, and I love the subtle taste of the basil. It's cooked to perfection! There is so much flavor in this dish.
I also have tried the chicken in yellow curry which is amazing. It's not too salty, it's the perfect combination of coconut flavor and vegetables. 
Sometimes it does get packed on Friday and Saturday night as usual, but it's worth waiting for it. I would HIGHLY recommend this place!Ordered delivery- friendly staff on the phone! Pad Thai- amazing! Dumplings and spring rolls, yum yum!Easily best thai food in Philadelphia. Start with tom yum and spring rolls. All the curries are on point, especially the ginger curry. Other key dishes are the pad wooson (bean thread noodles) and tamarind duck (if you like duck). Order spice level 3 or 4 or higher if you can handle it.I've been here a few times, the place is tiny for a restaurant, but the food that I have ordered is great! So far everything that I have tried I have enjoyed. There are a lot of options to choose from, and the appetizers are great. I would definitely come here more often if it were easier for me to get to. For Philly, I think this is one of the best places (out of the very few) to get Thai food.I had one of those meals where I wanted to switch plates with my friend when she wasn't looking. But I'm sure she would have noticed.  Her Isan-Style Pork Tenderioin was juicy and had a kick, but my Radma (noodles, vegies, & shrimp) was incredibly lackluster and kinda mushy.  I really wanted to get a couple of appetizers as my meal, but apparently there is a $10 minimum per person... blah.
Went on a week night and we were seated right away.  Service is fine, decor is ok.  Nothing fancy.This place was pretty good!  The Isan-Style Pork I ordered was tasty and would order it again.  The level 3 sauce was good enough for me; however, others in my party thought the level 5 and 6 was not spicy enough.  The only criticism I have is that I wish they played Asian-style background music. 
Visited September 2013i have gotten take out  a few times in recent months and nothing really caught my tongue. The flavor was equal to other thai rest. but the lack of homemade feel left me a bit empty. I got the green curry and could tell the carrots and green beans were frozen veges. paying 10 bucks a meal i expect at least fresh, but being on the the but end of south st. i guess you can get away with certain things. food was good but not great .if you want amazing thai food go to circles on tasker.Recently visited Tamarind while I was on a date in Philly and I was disappointed. My gf and I walked in around 8PM and the restaurant was decently packed. We were greeted within the first few minutes of entering but took a while for a server to take our order. Once we placed our appetizer order it took 25 min for us to get our apps. In the intern a different server came over and took our entree order. It took over 45 min to get our entree. When I asked if they can check on our order I was told that there was only one wok in the back and it took time for them to make the order. 
While the service was not up to par, the food was ok. As I have love Thai food, I have been to many different restaurants to know good from excellent and this did not meet my expectations. We ordered, 
- Veg Spring Rolls : crispy, flaky and good 
- Chicken Cashew Nut : my girlfriend liked the slab 
- Drunken Noodles w Tofu: (spice level 7) the dish was spicy but the tofu was not fried and did not taste good. 
The food, I would give a 3.5 out of a 5 but the service could have been better.This place is so bomb. DELICIOUS. The best curry that I have ever eaten. HANDS DOWN. I am not playing. This place is soooooo good. Honest to God. I reached nirvana eating the steamed dumplings.Just finished off my green curry with veggies leftover from last night and WOW!!  I give it 5 stars.  If you want great Thai, this is the place.This is the best Thai food that I have outside of Thailand.  I am the kind of person that likes to try new restaurants as opposed to being a regular somewhere but the food here is so good that they now know who I am when I walk in.  The service is wonderful as well.Stopped in for a late lunch.  The restaurant is a clean intimate place. We started off with the spring rolls wrapped in rice paper. They tasted delicious especially matched with the peanut sauce. I then opted for the shrimp pad Thai which was everything I wanted when I order pad Thai. My sister got the green curry with chicken which was served with white rice. She loved her dish so much. It was a great combination of sweet and spicy flavors. Will be back to try more!Great food with a local feel. Small place but not crowded.  BYOB
I pounce on any new Thai place around me and I love everything I eat at Tamarind. It's a great place to take a friend, family, or even a date. It's all the way at the nd of South street so it is away from all the crazies upstream. 
Menu is well written and the staff's suggestions are accurate. 
The bathrooms are in th basement so you may need to duck your head a little bit. 
It can get steamy in there from the combo of the kitchen and people but it is very comfortable nonetheless.Love this place- fresh and delicious food at an affordable price.  Yellow curry is my life.This place has great service and food
We had no idea if they were open or not so I called them and they welcomed us in before opening:) 
Very attentive and the food was tasty. We had the Panang curry with chicken and white rice and the Radna with chicken. Also some refreshing Thai iced tea 
It was our first time there and will definitely go back again.Out of all of Philadelphia, I think this has some of the best thai food around.  The only reason I'm knocking it down a star is cause it doesn't deliver.  I come here whenever the craving hits and they are generally always accommodating, especially for bigger groups.  For a long time I always got the green curry, but have tried to expand my choices and I'm never disappointed.  Can't wait to go back, it's been awhile.
Hope they start delivering soon!Service was incredibly slow, and the waiter forgot our drink orders and had to be reminded three times before he remembered, but the food was quite good. I got the veg panang curry which was tasty, though *VERY* spicy.  My fiance got the veg mock duck which was great. Our friends got non-veg dishes (squid and pork) both of which they said were good. The appetizers (stuffed tofu and som tom salad) were tasty, and the dessert was a hit as well.  Basically my only complaint was that it took forever for us to get our entrees. Hard to give it 4 stars because of that fact alone. Otherwise, good food.Now I have my Thai go-to for the east side AND the west side (Smile Cafe)!
I recommend the papaya salad (so fresh tasting), panang curry (soft, almost fluffy tofu and lots of thai basil, which I adore), and the classic pad thai (perfect portion, not overcooked).
Although the waitstaff was iffy- they tried to deny us as a party of 5 at 9 pm because they were "booked" until I convinced them to seat us- I loved my meal at Tamarind. I'll be back.I would like to start by saying this place is in a perfect location. It's far away from the hectic environment on south street but you could get into the mess if you walked a couple blocks down. Also there are parking right around the corner and if you know philly. It's hard to get away from PPA on south street.
Now to the staff: 
Amazing staff, they are very friendly and accommodating when you want to change some things around without giving you any fuss. The waiters and host come to check on you several times to make sure you are attended to throughout your dinning experience.
To the food: for some good Thai food. I feel that this place was very authentic. I had orders the beef sauté, chicken Tom yum, and roasted duck. All the food was exceptional. The spice was nice but not too over powering. Also the curry flavor was just the right amount of sweet and tangy. 
Experience: it was amazing! I highly recommend going to try it out. For the food, atmosphere, authentic taste, and experience without hurting your wallet it's a def. must!I love this place. My husband and I find ourselves going here 1 or 2 times a month. We can bring our favorite wine, relax, and have a great dinner for not too bad a price. Staff is very friendly and fast, they were able to accommodate us one particularly busy Saturday night when we didn't make a reservation (they set up a little table near the back for us, which was nice because we could have been waiting for awhile. Next time I will definitely make a reservation on a Saturday if I need too.).  
Even though I do not consider myself a vegetarian, I usually end up getting the vegetarian dishes. They have a decent amount of vegetarian options and are very accommodating if you have a peanut allergy like me. Some Thai places use peanuts in a lot of their dishes so I have to be careful. I can't really speak to the how authentic the Thai food is but this is one of my favorite places in the city. The only cons I can think of is that I don't think they deliver so whenever I get a craving, a little mile walk each way down south street is in order to get there and back.Awesome food!  We ordered the red curry with shrimp and I want to bathe in this!  It is so flavorful and delicious!!  We also ordered duck with some kiwi sauce that was good but not as good as the curry!!!
Service was pretty quick and waitstaff was very attentive, my water was filled promptly and it's a BYOB too!
I will definitely be coming back and soon and trying all of their curries.Best calimari in Philadelphia. Very close to a poké stop the place is on the quieter end on south street to it is perfect for date night with your significant other. The shrimp and chicken pad Thai is off the chain.. The spice is rated 1-10. I personally think 2 is a little spicy because I'm a chicken when it comes to those things.I haven't eaten at too many thai places in philly.  In matter of fact, I have no idea where to get good Thai food in philly.  The few places I have tried have been subpar, but this place is definitely the worst I have tried.  I was thinking of giving them one star, but I wanna reserve one star reviews for places you should never even step foot into even if you were  lost and starving and the next place may be miles down the road.  I mean how could i give them 1 star.  At least their service was kinda attentive.  It's not like they told me to get lost or were talking bad things about customers in thai.
Firstly, it should be noted I am thai.  I can cook more than half the menu in my home at this very moment so I know thai food.  This place is definitely not authentic.  The food is kind of bland and too sweet.  Not many flavors going on.
Me and my buddy tried some pretty standard fare.  We had the green curry, tod mun (fish cakes), their sausage appetizer, and yum ped (duck salad).  The green curry had all these weird flavors and vegetables that I wouldn't want in my curry.  Thai green curry is simple; beef, eggplant, maybe bamboo shoots and top it off with kaffir lime leaves.  The salad was decent but wasnt spicy enough for me, even though I spoke to them in thai and asked them to make it spicy.  Maybe it wasn't spicy enough because my friend was a white dude but still I told them that he could eat spicy food.  The fish cakes and sausage were good but it's really hard to mess those up.
I've heard good things about siam lotus on spring garden. My roommate says he likes it and our opinions of tamarind are about the same so I wouldn't mind giving it a try the next time I don't feel like cooking and want thai food.A Thai Staple in the city. The curries are legit  ( not as good as Circles) but pretty close. Came here a few weeks back with Michael G, we dined in and each did a dish with noodles. It wasnt bad but it wasnt that great either ( hence the 3 stars) I should have stuck with a curry but you have to live and learn. Its less than a 3 minute walk from my apt so Ill obvi be going here unless KP wants to order take out from Circles. Service was good and this place is small so dont come with 15 of your closest pals. BYOB and they take cards ( 10 min which is illegal but thats the rule)Small intimate space with friendly servers. Food is good and authentic. The chicken satay is always properly cooked, not greasy and has a bit of char. Dipping sauce is delicious and not too heavy. Tom jag soup is rich and creamy and they will adjust their spice level to suit your palate; 1 is not spicy and 5 is pretty close to Thai hot. The pad Thai is well prepared with the sweet, tangy and salty flavors were well-balanced as were the different textures. It was a nice size portion too. So the superstar here is the green curry with chicken. OMG one of the best curries I have ever had and I have actually been to Thailand. I get it at a level 5. The chicken is fresh and perfectly cooked. The curry taste and coconut milk strike the perfect balance- my mouth is watering as I write this. Yep, just made up my mind, I will be dining here tonight.Great food quality and smoothing ambiance. I will go here again for pumpkin soup.Delicious food and outstanding customer service! Waiter/waitress were very attentive to our needs. We will definitely continue being customers there.The food was very good. Unfortunately being close to the door on cold nights can be painful.
BYOB, which is cool. Service was pleasant and timely.
Over all we eat at someplace new in Philly each month, some of these tiny places are very good. But the cold is something to reckon with. What I'll take away is that they had good eats. I will be back and would take someone new with me to try Thai food.Usually making a reservation is a good idea, but we luckily walked in and were seated promptly! I forgot how good this place is.
Ordered the salad with glass noodles and shrimp on top (can't remember the name), fish cakes, and pad kee mao/drunken noodles. Would recommend them all!!I went to Tamarind for my birthday a few months ago. They easily accommodated a group of 17. We made reservations, and they were ready for us when we arrived. The food was great and pretty inexpensive. The menus is extensive. Food is rated on a spicy scale, which is great! I love spicy food and ordered a 4 - which was perfect, definitely spicy. I wouldn't want a 6 or 7! We brought beer and wine, which was quickly put on ice. They were really great and attentive. The food also came pretty quickly.  I definitely recommend this place! :)This has been my go-to place for Thai food since moving to the city years ago. The service is great and they will accommodate you if you want something more/less spicy or slightly different, the food is amazing and the prices are very reasonable. It is a BYOB so keep that in mind before going if you plan to drink.The food at this place is delicious.  The only reason I'm giving it 4 stars is because we had slow service when we went.  It was quite disappointing... they had a large party and kind of ignored us and focused on them instead.  Other than the large party, it wasn't exceptionally crowded (it was Sunday night)
Anyway, the food was delicious, we ordered 4 or 5 different things (appetizers, entrees, etc) and were impressed, just disappointed with the service.Disappointed from all the good reviews this place got. Authentic? Somewhat. This is coming from a girl who worked in a Thai restaraunt with real Thai chefs. I ordered dumplings - I got steamed Shumai with peanut bits on top. In what asian country were you told that Thai dumplings were Shumai? I also got this appetizer in triangular shapes.. I forgot the name but it literally had one piece of chicken in each one the size of my pink nail. With a sweet and sour sauce on the side. I thought for a second I was eating crab rangoons or as some of you would know it as crab wontons. Wait I thought I ordered from a Thai restaraunt? Oh right. I did. We also ordered YUM BEEF. That dish was alright, flavor was food the beef quality was poor and I think they overcooked the beef or possibly even double cooked it. It was very dry and chewy almost like a beef jerky. We ordered chicken pad Thai - again dry both noodles and chicken. My old boss loves pad Thai and he is a restaraunt owner himself and said "I like my pad Thai a bit more wet." Although I do agree. I ordered some black pepper sautéed pork dish. Blah.. Again. Tiny restaraunt for inside seating. I placed a take out order and they told me 30 minutes. Not too happy about that either. I most likely will not be here again.My family and I have been eating at tamarind for at least 5 years. We have had birthdays there, celebrated accomplishments, brought friends from near and far and basically look for any reason to go! The food and service are always spectacular. The prices are unbeatable and the quality of the food is always 10/10. Always accommodating to my small niece too !!!!!!average thai restaurant.  if anyone knows of any better ones please do share bc I am a big fan of thai food.  ive been to thailand, and cant seem to find a place in philly that serves authentic  (or close to)  thai food.
i have been here twice, and the first time I enjoyed my entree, but the second time it was a disappointment.   The first time I went I had the green curry - good flavor, and the right amount of spice, but everything else ive tasted has been overall subpar:  
Appetizers-
-spring rolls- 
-isan style pork sausage- ok
-tom yum soup- lacks flavor, broth is thin and just not right
-chicken satay- the chicken was slightly overcooked but the sauce was pretty good
Entrees
-snapper falling in love- did not fall in love w this dish, lacked seasoning
-fish w/ garlic and sweet chili sauce (i thnk we had the snapper)- the fish was cooked right, but the taste was off.  
Drinks
thai iced tea- good!
I love the area the restaurant is in, and the service is really good, but I cannot get myself to go for a third time after my second experience.  If you do go, do try the curry, it was what I think is the best tasting dish on the menu (it is pretty good!)I was really excited to come to Tamarind because of the great reviews and since Thai is currently my favorite cuisine. They were very accommodating for our party of 9 which included vegetarians and vegans. The waitress patiently explained dishes to the Thai naive and everyone found something to eat. Unfortunately, I was underwhelmed with the food. The vegetable spring rolls were fine, just your standard veggie roll. I was not feeling adventurous so I went with the tried and true shrimp pad thai. I only made it 5 or 6 bites into my dish before asking for it to be wrapped. It really lacked in flavor and was totally uninspiring. Something that also bothered me was that it was served with a lemon wedge when I totally wanted (and expected!) a lime wedge. That could have salvaged the taste. Overall, we were happy that they were patient and accommodating to our loud (and tipsy) party of 9, but the food wasn't anything special.
**Update** Both myself and a friend have both experienced a mild case of what we believe to be food poisoning from Tamarind. I am keeping at 2 stars because this was only 2/9 people at the table and they did work hard to accommodate a large group, but I am never risking the unpleasant side effects of eating here again.This place is very nice! The food was good, and while nothing was labeled vegan, they had quite a few vegan options. 
I had the Golden Tofu, Som Tum, Basil Mock Duck, and Panang Curry (between me and my boyfriend, I can eat- but not that much). All of the dishes were excellent! The curry had the perfect amount of spice to it. All of the dishes has distinct and great flavors. 
The service here was great as well. It was a Monday night so the restaurant was essentially empty, and we received first class treatment. Waters were refilled quickly, plates were cleared, and the food came out fast. One of our servers even took a picture for us! 
4 stars due to the lack of "vegan" labeling on the menu, causing me to awkwardly make sure of every item that I ordered. Definitely going to go back soon.When I go to Tamarind, I'm reminded of the little hole in the wall thai places back in LA and that instantly puts a smile on my face.
Here are the highlights:
Service: Friendly and attentive
Food: Delic although I almost always get the Isan Chicken, I've had most of their appetizers and all are savory. Sticky rice in baskets is a good sign of authenticity!
Price: Great, and they take credit cards unlike a lot of other byos
Ambiance: Small space but its calming colors and sparse decoration makes it seem bigger - no waiting area though so go when it's either nice outside or right before of after the dinner rush
Lowlights:
It's a bit out of the way but if you're near the area, make this your dinner spot for sure.
mmm...mmmFor the price, this really is as good as it gets.  I've only ever got the Panang Curry because im addicted to it but others i've gone with have tried a lot of stuff and it's always great.  This is our go-to takeout spot when the fridge is bare also.  Such a hidden gemYEEES! The closest thing to Thailand in this part of the world! Finally delicious authentic-ness!! Yes!!
I ve had foodgasm appetizer and main course. Skipped desert. Im satisfied with that.I got home from vacation and had no food in my house due to cleaning out the fridge before I left. I had too much to catch up on to go shopping and cook so I hopped on grubhub and ordered Pad Woonsen and Pad Thai. This is the first time I've had food this good from delivery. It arrived sooner than they said it would and it was as fresh as if I was sitting in the restaurant. Also they actually honored their spice level request. Generally when we order spicy or very spicy it's not at all spicy. These guys gave me what I asked for! This is my new go-to for Thai delivery; I am blown away!Tried this place a couple times with some friends. To begin with, the space was very elegant but lighting was kind of dim. There is one window in the front that gave some light but I wished it was brighter. But when I first walked in, I was immediately greeted and seated. The server was very helpful and attentive. 
As far as the food goes, I usually get the calamari. It is good but lacks some flavor. I also always get the Thai iced tea but it is not on the menu. As for the entrees, I usually get the chicken curry. It is kind of spicy so if you do not like spicy, you might want to try something else. I love the curry, it is very flavorful and comes with rice. 
Overall, I would recommend this place. Great service and great food. Prices are ok and environment could be better with better lighting. But definitely would recommend this place for some authentic Thai food.Was wonderfully surprised at how good the food was here.  I started with a salad, som tom, perfectly  fresh, crisp, and delicious.  My husband's soup was very good.
We shared Pad Kra Prao stir-fry with thai basil, garlic, and red chiles and the Ginger Love Salmon.  I don't know which was better.  It was so good that after dinner, we ordered up the same meal, only to go, so we could share it with friends the next day (we are out of towners).  
Staff was helpful with their suggestions.  The only problem is the lack of a beer and wine license.  The regulars know to bring their own.If I had to choose one thing to eat for the rest of my life it would be Tamarind's Radna. My family and I have been coming to Tamarind for the past few years whenever we get the chance. My two sisters are vegan and love that they have endless options, dad and boyfriend love the different duck choices. Very reasonable prices even with the recent increase. BYOB and they don't mind if  you bring your own cake in the even you're celebrating a special event. Wait staff is always incredibly attentative and pleasant.This place is a real cute byob. I'm giving it a 4 because every time I go I try a different appetizer and have never really been that impressed. On the other hand, the entrees are solid and good size, my favorite being the crispy duck. The quality of food and service at this place is so much better than Pad Thai that is a block away.Great food, romantic atmosphere. One of the best Thai places in philly.Came here with a friend on a Monday night looking to break out of our usual beer and burger mold. I called ahead to determine if a reservation was necessary - it wasn't, but the restaurant happily took mine anyway (might as well). There was only one other table of two seated when we arrived at 8:30pm, but I wasn't concerned about that - it being a Monday night and all...
Tamarind is a BYO (fabulous!) and the menu is reasonably priced, so two people can have a very satisfying meal for about $15-$20 a head. 
We started with the steamed crab-style dumplings, which I still find amusing that they were "crab-style" and not "crab", were quite fulfilling as a dumpling. Added a salad to that - the Pra Goong - with shrimp, lemon grass and a bit of mint - balancing out the dumplings rather nicely. After considerable hemming and hawing over the entree selections, I ordered the Pad Kra Prao (stir-fry with thai basil, garlic, and red chiles) with chicken and my friend ordered the Yellow Curry, also with chicken. I love my dish and had enough to make next-day lunch. The Yellow Curry was good, but not as great as the Pad Kra Prao, and I felt like my dish was more generous, though they were both a similar price. 
We sat and chatted over our meal and the cheerful and friendly staff didn't kick us out, until we started to feel bad for making them hang around on a Monday night and we kicked ourselves out around 10:30pm. Kitchen closes around 10:00pm on a Monday night, and I was pleasantly surprised that they seated and served a woman who came in right before the 10:00pm hour. Atmosphere is what you would expect - not fancy but comfortable enough to linger over a bottle of wine way after you've had the last bites of your dish.The food was good.
Small place, it gets cold when cold outside. Brrr. If people come and go with the door so close to those eating in the middle to front of the restaurant. Brrr again.