Came by for lunch today and ordered the spicy pork bento box.  The place is pretty small so would recommend getting there before noon to avoid the rush.
The service was really fast and got our food really quickly.  The bento box was good - edamame was well seasoned, steamed broccoli, rice and then the pork.  Really good flavors with the pork.  Would've liked to have some more seasoning on the broccoli.  
Would come back again although you might smell like their kitchen if you decide to eat there!Fresh Katsu Curry Rice Bowl - yum!
Shrimp Shumai - eh
Thanks Zagat!HUGE value for money.
I got the spicy beef bowl with broccoli. The spice level was very low, for anyone who was worried about it.
The bowl was some 75% meat and 25% rice. The meat was slightly over-salty and I did find myself wishing for more rice. There's nothing particularly memorable about it, flavor or texture-wise. It's basically a bulgolgi. I did find myself wishing for more rice to go with it!
The broccoli was $0.75, I got three pieces of it, and it was unseasoned and undercooked.OVERRATED. Not authentic at all and honestly the food was not great. I went with three other friends, and neither of us finished what we order just because either the taste was too "Americanized", or the texture of the meat was weird. Not coming back again and was surprised so many people liked it. The staff was very nice though...Had shrimp gyoza. I really didn't taste shrinp or seafood at all. I'm  a gyoza feen so i eat them as a meal. Really disappointing.Really high quality, great tasting food, quick food.  I have eaten here more times than I can countI LOVE THIS SPOT !!!! Coming from L.A and having great quality  takeout options Tampopo hits the spot :) I'd only wish they were more generous with their portions.Typical hole in the wall type style restaurant. The women behind the register was very nice and patient with me (because I had a few questions about the menu). I can see myself going back so far I have no complaints about the service or menu options.This place has good japanese/korean "fast food," like chicken teriyaki, bibimbop, yakisoba, etc. The food is pretty decent, but I think they could lower the price by $1 or $2. I guess if you live in the city, you're expected to pay more, but still. I think I would come back to this place more often if they lowered the price a little bit. Their spicy chicken donburi is what I usually get. It really hits the spot. One thing you have to remember when ordering togo is to make sure to ask for more rice. They're kinda cheap on the rice, so they only fill maybe 1/3 to 1/2 of the bowl. At least they're kind enough to give you  more rice for free. I'll go back here... when i'm really lazy to cook.Yummy Japanese casual fare. Eat in or take out : I usually order my favorite to go, the Tuna Bim Bim Bop - a varied selection of deliciousness, including a cabbage salad with avocado, and tuna sashimi, topped with a tasty dressing, and enjoy it in Rittenhouse Square Park when the weather is nice outside. Friendly staff, nice food selection. This is the other Japanese food, ie the non - sushi restaurant. Good prices too.Spicy chicken and rice bowl is one of a kind and the jawns working the counter have top shelf taste in their playlists. A+ lunch spot.I secretly was hoping for Tampopo to be bad just so that I could call it Tampoopoo. However, it was delicious! Highly recommend stopping by if you happen to be in center city.A lot of people wrote about this place so my review will be short and sweet:
Food: what sets them apart from the rest of the bunch in my opinion is the dishes with chicken breast, theirs is grilled whole and chopped in front of you, tastes a-mazing!
Place: That's where it looses the one star, it's small, and rather expensive for the type of food and number of restaurants with similar cuisine around.Great place to go on a casual date. People were welcoming and nice. Food was really great and price was reasonable. It's a good option if you or your date is a vegetarian (i.e. Tofu and vegetable options).Absolutely delicious, which is surprising for a meal that is served up so quick. The spicy chicken bowl is a must!Food was OK. Not too authentic. Service is grouchy and unpleasant. No one was here when I came but staff seemed irritated that I wanted to dine in. Overall a lousy experience. Not planning to return.What can I say that hasn't been said already?
Well for one, the hot tofu bento box is amazing!  It was the first thing I tried and I keep coming back for it - tofu does not get any better than this.  It's also a delight in the tofu kimchee rice bowl, balancing out the tang of the cabbage with the sweetness of the glaze on the tofu.  I'm also a fan of the japchae, which is surprisingly not greasy (always a problem with fast food korean). 
Everyone is so friendly here.  They want to get your order just right and really care about your food.  The staff all eats together after they close the restaurant down after the lunch rush.  Not only is this adorable, they know the menu inside and out.  Did I mention it's fast, as well?  
This place gets everything right: low price, delicious taste, quick/friendly service.Wandered in here for lunch and tried the hot spicy chicken bowl. It was absolutely amazing. They didn't skimp on the chicken and the sauce was just the right balance between sweet and spicy. I will absolutely try this again.So tasty! For nights I'm in the mood for Asian and don't feel like cooking. I tend to do delivery or carry out.
Ordered: gotta have the spicy chicken bento box. They use just the right combo of spices and the chicken is juicy. The gyozas and udon bowls are great as well. They have other great selections as well. Mix of Korean, Japanese and Chinese. Every time the food is consistent.
Service: order time is usually between 15/20 mins. They are all ready nice and patient with questions. 
Overall: good for lunch and dinner. great for a quick, easy, non-complicated meal.They never get old and have plenty of options if you want to mix things up. I've probably order take out from here 2 dozen times and they consistently offer a great product. My go-to dish is the bento box with spicy chicken, brown rice and broccoli. Yum!The food is ok but if you're Korean or know your Korean food you know this isn't authentic at all. I can say I can get way better prepared Korean food at HmartIf I had not tasted the real Dolsot Bim Bip Bap I would have thought that this was good.  It was tasty but not great.  Kind of like Korean for Americans.  Was also a little expensive for what you got.Live a couple blocks away from Tampopo in W. Philly, find myself there quite often. The food is balanced and affordable. Spicy pork kimchi is a personal favorite, quite delicious.The spicy pork rice bowl is my favorite,  with brown rice and broccoli. Nice quiet place, perfect for grabbing a bite by yourself if you must. The people behind the counter are friendly, I'd definitely recommend!mmm. yum. I used to drop into tampopo all the time for a quick lunch when I worked nearby. My coworkers and I love this tiny trendy little joint because it's a) quick b) decently priced c) delish
I particularly enjoy sitting on the stools staring out into the street as I'm eating by bowl of udon, bi bim bop, or whatever else.
I agree with whoever said...don't get sushi here..it's usually not a good idea to get sushi and tiny places of this caliber...(no offense tampopo peepz..) because this is more of a takeout/eat quick places...katsu, bibimbop, their many "bowls" and my personal fav..udon is the way to go.Awesome small place for a quick lunch or dinner. Decent selection of simple traditional Korean and Japanese dishes with some rice bowls. They give you a good amount of food that will leave you satisfied. You order at the counter and find your seat or take it to go. Super nice staff. Hits the spot if you are looking for that healthy comfort Asian food.When I'm looking for good, fast, and inexpensive food when I'm around Rittenhouse I immediately go to Tampopo. I personally love their Bento Box options. Perfect portion size. The dining room is small (seats maybe 15-20) and can get crowded, but you can get take out and go to the park on a nice day.I definitely wouldn't recommend to try the Korean glass noodle (Japchae). The taste was weird, nothing like what I always have for Japchae. I tried both the spicy and non-spicy. The spicy was worse as the spiciness overrides the taste itself. I haven't try the bimbimbap, maybe it will change my mind. 
The place is casual, nothing special. It is definitely more like a fast food place, if you are trying to do take away and like to get a quick meal.Love Korean food and wanted to try this place for a while. A tip, grab some beer before going in, its BYOB. 
Food was good for quick service Korean and I would go again since I haven't been able to find spicy pork to my liking in CC yet.
The downfall for me was the staff. The young lady at the counter seemed as if she couldn't be bothered to take and order and when you started with your order seemed impatient. Almost to the point of looking at you like you are wasting her time.  I work in food service and wasting someone time is not anything I strive for. I also thoroughly enjoy Korean food and know what dishes I want before I even approach the counter.
They take credit cards but their is a $10 minimum. 
Maybe if I called in an order I can avoid the surly counter person who clearly doesn't want anyone there?GREAT neighborhood spot! I order food from here at least once a week. The quality of the food is consistently good, service is friendly and efficient, and the menu is pretty diverse for a small restaurant. 
The atmosphere is pleasant but nothing particularly special - I probably wouldn't come here on a date or to celebrate major events. However, it's a terrific place to meet a friend for a casual dinner or to pick up food from on your way back from work. I recommend trying the chicken katsu curry bowl and gyoza appetizer (especially if it's cold or rainy outside). Their salmon dishes are also very good.mediocre korean food to go. 
Without the option of the clay pot bowl for my bibimbap... the alternative is just not as good. Good on the go but not my go to for korean.Food was great! We got a spicy chicken bowl and bibimbap. My only concern was that it was pricey for the amount of food we received.Got the chicken bibimbop to go and ate outside near the park because it was a gorgeous night. It was fresh and tasted good. Only took 5-10 minutes from when I walked in and ordered to when I walked out. The place itself was pretty small and minimal with only about 6 small tables. I wouldn't mind going back here and exploring their menu further.I'm a Tuna BiBimBop fan.  Hands down its my go to order.  Every once in a while I get a spicy chicken with extra sauce - the sauce is so good!  I haven't been able to find a duplicate anywhere (nor have I figure out whats in it enought to attempt to make it on my own.  
This is definitely a good take out place.  There is some room to sit down if you wanted to, but i prefer to take it somewhere else.
Once thing I have to mention (which a coworker pointed out to me) is their prices rise.  Even from silly things to a side salad was a $1 and has now jumped to 2.5$  not a huge deal but still a big jump for no *real* change or increase in quality.
I love it here.  I'm a big fan for lunch at the office or take home for dinner. Staff is super friendly and you can tell they are working as fast as they can back there.  
Great work everyone, Tamps rocksYummy Korean food! The spicy chicken (and beef) are DELICIOUS! The bibimbap was delicious as well. Plenty of indoor seating.No idea why this place is rated so highly. No. idea.
It's overpriced, the portions are not that large and the flavors are so unoriginal it's amazing that this place is so popular. There are far, far more places to get better bibimbap, donburi bowls, gyoza, etc.I get the curry with chicken katsu most times because it tastes so good - a cool combination of an indian style curry sauce with breaded chicken! Everything tends to taste pretty good - would recommend a bento box or any of their bowls; I find there are better places for sushi. Only potential downside is that the sitting area is pretty minimalistic and lines can be long during rush. Nevertheless, this should be one of your favorite spots to grab food in Philly.You know how when you go someplace and you have something and love it so much that you're afraid to try anything else whenever you go there - yet you wonder what everything else tastes like? Because if one dish can be so magical, everything else must too -right?
That's my current dilemma. I've visited Tampopo for lunch on and off for about the past year and a half. It's incredible but I can only speak to the quality of their spicy chicken bowl, which is the only thing I've ever ordered here. It's so good that I don't ever want to try anything else.
I recommend trying this place, but only if you order what I order. I have no idea what anything else tastes like. But what I order is amazing, so it stands to reason that everything else will be at least close to as good as this, right? So go ahead! Be adventurous! Try something else. Or try what I always have and be super-impressed (hopefully!)Okay I realize I keep waffling on the rating for this place but I'm going to update to 5 stars just for their bibimbap. I just had it again after a while but I think this is my favorite rice dish ever. It comes covered in veggies (squash, carrots, sprouts, spinach) and you can get a protein and a fried egg with it. The fried egg is cooked just right with the white crispy but the yolk still runny. I also love you can get brown rice cooked just right as well. I like this place 10x more than Giwa; better tasting food and better value too. Get the bibimbap!Ehhh. This place is more like, 2.5 stars. I ate so much of my dinner because I was STARVING, however, under normal circumstances I don't think I'd have enjoyed it as much. My bf and I ordered the bento boxes - his with chicken and brown rice, mine with tofu and brown rice. You know how those boxes come with little compartments, right? Well sitting in one of those little compartments was a BABY CARROT.
A baby carrot.
I stared at it. I thought to myself, "could they honestly NOT have found anything else in the kitchen to put in this slot?"
I guess not.
The food was just average. The sushi we ordered was also just average and kind of tasted like supermarket sushi. 
The people working were not the friendliest of people.
But they're right down the street and convenient so I guess I'll give them another shot.Love love love loveeeeeee this place!  I have been walking past it on weekends after meals so I never wandered in but after I read some of the other reviews, I decided to stop in today for a late lunch.  I was a little hungover so perhaps that affects my review a little, but I have been looking for a NY's Cafe Zaiya-type place since I moved to Philly 2 years ago.  This place has great dishes whether it is vegetarian (lots of tofu options) or has a good size serving of meat in it.  I am a Korean pork lover so of course I opted for the spicy pork and kimchi bowl which was excellent!  Could not believe it was only $7.50.  Also, I heard if you bring your own bowl, it saves you another 50 cents!  Getting stuffed on great tasty food for under $10 always makes me incredibly happy.  My friends tried the spicy tofu bento box which is a pretty good deal (comes with a choice of (1) broccoli, gyoza, or 2 other options, (2) brown or white rice, and (3) edamame.  The portions are a decent size and I left very full.  I really want to try the bibimbop (the tuna and the regular) and the katsudon.  I feel like a place like this should have a solid katsudon and if they do, I'll be back every day!
Edit:  I've lowered my rating because I went back and got yakisoba and the spicy beef bowl and they both were not very good.  Perhaps it was because I ordered take-out but the spicy beef bowl just tasted like a heap of go chu jang (Korean red pepper paste) and the yakisoba was totally tasteless.I've been looking for a consistent "Go-To" place to grab dinner after my run off the the Schuykill Banks that wouldn't negate my whole run, and I think I've found it here.  It's simple, good, reasonably priced, and not deep fried happy.  
I realize that the rice bowl is the thing here, and I promise I'll try it.  However, I wasn't in a rice mood my first time there so I ended up getting the japchae (clear noodles) with chicken and the 6 piece tuna roll.  I was very content with the portion but greedily almost wished I got the 12 piece of tuna.  The tuna roll didn't have an excessive amount of rice as filler, and the tuna just melts in your mouth.  I wish the japchae bowl has more vegetables, but they are very honest about the contents on their website, so I can't knock them for that.  Next time, I'll sautee some vegetables myself and add it to the bowl.  
I'm already thinking about what to order next time.  I'm leaning towards the hot spicy tofu bowl....or the spicy chicken.A friend of mine and I decided to try Tampopo after researching it on yelp.  As many have said, this is a great spot for lunch.  The Hot Spicy Chicken bowl is amazing! The chicken is juicy and grilled perfectly. They give you plenty of food and more chicken than other places I have been to.  Definitely a must try!Decent bi-bim bap but nothing extraordinary.  The rice bowls do not come with vegetablesQuick and nice service, lots of seating considering the small space, good prices (I didn't think the portions were too small, unlike other reviewers). Two stars bc the food just simply wasn't anything to write home about. Got yaki soba and it was bland and had too many sprouts. The tofu in it tastes too tofu-y if you know what I mean.Why are the non-spicy bowls so bland? Why does my grilled chicken crunch when I bite into it? I feel so gross. Never again, Tampopo.Great Korean restaurant! Quick food, very tasty, and makes you feel relatively healthy about yourself (haha).  It's a walk in, order-at-the-counter-type of place and they'll call your order at front and you need to pick it up.  I got the bi-bim-bop, which was a lot more food than I was anticipating.  They give this semi-spicy sauce with it (on the side) and an optional sriracha if you ask for it.  Relatively small seating area  with probably no more than 20 people that could sit and eat there, so I would caution against bringing larger groups especially around busy hours to make sure you all get seats.  Overall a great place!My quick fix whenever I crave bibimbap. It's even getter with a side of kimchi. Had the chicken noodle salad once,  it was okay.I cannot forgive out why there isn't one of these in each ne Gabor hood in town. Flavors are amazing, food is fresh, veggie and vegan options - every single thing I've tried so far is my favorite thing on the menu.  I often suffer from indigestion the day after eating Asian food.  I never have a problem here, which means their ingredients are whole.  I only discovered it 6 weeks ago, and I've been coming about twice a week ever since.  Definitely a staple choice for eating out. And the staff are friendly, accommodating, and on it.  I just love this place.I'm not Korean and don't really know what good authentic Korean is but the food here tasted similar to something my Chinese mother would cook up in her wok. I got the beef bi bim bap with brown rice for dinner and it really hit the spot. The beef was tender and juicy. The presentation and texture of the vegetables could have been better if they had sliced them up more evenly into smaller, more tender slices. Instead, the veggies were tough and overcooked. The egg in my dish was a perfect over easy though. Brown rice was cooked very well, not dried out or hard, and had that springy texture to it. Overall, this is no frills homestyle Asian stir-fry that won't leave you feeling greasy afterwards! I would go back.YUM. cheap delish rice bowls. nice and simple but very flavorful. The sushi looked so...blah, so i wouldnt go there, stick with the other choices.  I loved the eel.  i'd give it a 5 but they use styrofoam bowls (boo) and tell you to bring your own. Who wants to carry a bowl around? just use real bowls guys.This place deserves 5 stars because they keep it simple, fresh, tasty, and do it very well. I go here usually once a week for lunch. All of the dishes i've tried were really good: spicy chicken breast, salmon, pork with kimchi. Curry katsu chicken is also very good and has some spice to it. I always get it with brown rice which is cooked perfectly. It's fairly priced for a center city quick meal. The quality of the food is always fresh.The fresh tuna bibimbap is the best and most beautiful meal you're not eating.
I moved out of Philadelphia over a year ago and Tampopo was the first thing I started to miss.  Not to mention, it's the first restaurant I returned to when I came back for a visit.
The service is fantastic, the food only takes about 5-7 minutes to make and the prices are unbeatable.
Oh yeah... Bring Your Own Bowl? Amazing.
Tampopo - you make me miss Philly!I'm slightly obsessed with Tampopo.
A) they have a plus-sized menu. Sexy.
B) the food has never failed to please (me, anyway).
C) I mean, have you seen the movie?!
For those of you who don't know, Tampopo means Dandelion.  It's also the name of a movie by Juzo Itami. Here's the kicker, it's about a trucker, trying to popularize a noodle house (named Tampopo).  It includes food as sex-toys (too funny to miss) and a hilarious old lady whose antics I will let you find out about on your own. I highly recommend that you watch the movie whilst dining on Tampopo takeout. 
A couple things to note: dining room is small. I'd recommend this for lunch, but not dining in for dinner.  Also, you really only have bottled beverage options. Again, I recommend take-out. Yumm-o.Solid place to grab a quick bento or bibimbap (definitely WITH the egg.  seriously, who gets anything without the egg?!?!).  Food is nothing mind-blowingly-special, but generally consistently good, and hits the spot (usually) when I'm craving some simple asian food (and don't feel like making it myself).  
Food can sometimes take awhile to come out, so be patient!
Overall, a solid place that we frequent quite a bit!Taste wise, I think this was okay. When I hear or read Korean foood, I have this really high expectation for how the meat should taste. This was no where near what I had in the past, and I even got the spixy chicken breast version. 
My bowl itself was about $12 because I ordered extra meat and extra sauce. The bowl itself would be $9. The brown rice was delicious! I wish I had more rice.
The location of the place was pretty nice. It is pretty small tho, so I wouldn't big groups unless you just taking out to eat. 
Overall I'd give it a 3.5 out of 5... I don't think I'd eat there again tho.I was so excited to try this place.  After half a week of eating touristy, greasy food in Philadelphia, the fresh-sounding and non-fried dishes at Tampopo were exactly what I was craving.  Imagine my disappointment when my tuna bowl came back absolutely drowning in an artificial, painfully-spicy sauce.  I could barely eat two bites before giving the rest to my friend. 
Tip #1:  It's fairly expensive for a take-out-bowl style restaurant (~$13-15), and most of the vegetables in the bowl are cabbage.  
Tip #2:  BEWARE OF THE SPICY SAUCE.
Overall:  I might have enjoyed my food if it wasn't slathered in a thick red spicy glaze.  I probably had enough spicy sauce in my bowl for five other people.I'd give this place a 3.5 stars solely based on the food. I got the chicken Kimchi with broccoli and my friend the chicken teriyaki. The price point was good and I'm glad that they had seating indoors! I just thought mine was too spicy and the dish was lacking that flavor kick I was hoping for. Sadly they were out of bibimbap. I'll probably go back if I'm in the area and update the review, but I'll definitely get a different dish.I decided to go there for lunch since I have been craving for kimchi. I got spicy pork kimchi rice bowl. It was way too spicy for me and too much sauce...I will have to go for bibimbob next time! But love how you can choose between white and brown rice.I work nearby so I come to this place about once or twice a month.  I always get the spicy chicken bowl, which I ask for "extra spicy" and they do, in fact, make it "extra spicy".  The cost is pretty reasonable, but you don't get a whole lot of food for the price.  I end up having to eat the entire bowl of rice just to fill me up, and I'm not a huge fan of rice.  But the rice IS good here.  There's not a whole lot of tables in the place, but it is nicely decorated, and clean.  The smell of cooking food permeates the joint, because the kitchen is right behind the counter, but the smell is pretty good.  The staff is friendly, and the food arrives very hot, right off the grill.  It's a small place, kinda loud, not too many tables, so don't come here with a big party expecting to find seating.  Unfortunately, they stopped serving sushi here, but there are nearby places, like Fuji Mountain, that are pretty good if it's sushi you want.PROS: Fast service, delicious, reasonably priced
CONS: Small location (better for takeout), probably super unhealthy
This is like... ASIAN FAST FOOD! It's fast... It's tasty... And it's probably terrible for your health! The over-sugared, salty, MSG-infested, nonexpiring pre-made spicy sauces are incredibly addicting. Although, with the generous amounts of vegetables in the BBBs and microwaved edamames in the bentos, you can almost fool yourself into believing that you're eating healthily! You'll feel even better if you bring your own bowl and save the planet... along with 50 cents.I'm always excited to sample anything my colleague BFF that's perfect at everything especially food in philly double-especially ASIAN food in philly suggests. 
I twisted her arm into having dinner with me last night. My work has been a bit slow lately, providing ample opportunity for me to thoroughly vet all of her suggestions yesterday. She mentioned this place and then afterwards said "nomnom ramen" which I thought was simply her commentary regarding this place. Apparently that's actually the name of another place she was recommending. 
Last night was particularly cold and I foolishly did not wear my bubble jacket. We called for take out. I offered delivery as a suggestion but she declined stating it was just around the corner. Made sense, not that that would stop me from ordering delivery...
Those big fat, juicy, noodles (udon) particularly appeal to me, so I went with yaki udon stir-fried noodles with tofu. LHZ ordered yaki udon stir-fried noodles with beef. I went with the spicy sauce, LHZ went with the regular version. 
Upon teasing off the lid, the spicy sauce with those big, fat, juicy noodles was very instagram-able. Saliva seeped from their ducts in my oral cavity as I allowed the image to focus on my phone, ready to dive into that bad boy. I snapped one chop stick from another, optimized their position in my hand's grip, and went to work. 
Unfortunately the sauce wasn't particularly tasty or spicy. There was 1 small-medium broccoli piece and another tiny broccoli piece. There were a few tofu cubes. There were a fair amount of bean sprouts (whoopee...). The flavor did not motivate me to continue after I started getting full, which is telling. I was looking forward to finishing that shit tomorrow (today) however I left the package in the back of my lyft on the way home. FML.
I mean, maybe some other shit at this place is good. My friend said that the bi bim bob in particular is good. I really wasn't satisfied with the yaki noodles enough to want to try this place again.a great place for an informal lunch or dinner.  It's counter service with about 8-10 small tables.  I have had great bi bim bap here, and nice salads for lunch that are a little pricier than I usually want to spend ($7 and up) but are enough for a good lunch and a mid-afternoon snack later.
Only giving 4 stars because I wish they used real dishes for eat-in rather than plastic.  They guy told me excitedly that they were reusable, but they were really just flimsy take-out containers that wouldn't survive multiple uses.there was a mousetrap in the bathroom! they obviously know that they have a pest control issue so how are they open for business? I was ready to leave the restaurant and wanted to run to the bathroom before leaving and so i had already eaten before i noticed this. There was also some steel left by the trap. As I came back to my seat, disgusted, i noticed that there was a corner that had a hole stuffed with that same steel in it. I will be reporting them.Inexpensive, tasty and fast. Tampopo is a reliable go-to for myself and my boyfriend when we want something yummy in a hurry. The people that work there are very friendly. The place itself is rather small, sometimes it's easier to get take-out and enjoy at home.Arrived at 8:50pm. Posted closing time is 9:30. Doors were open and light were on so I walked in side. Very rude and pissy woman behind the counter who had a massive attitude said they were closed. I drew her attention to the posted hours and she shrugged as if it wasn't her problem saying the kitchen was already cleaned and there was no chef. Lost $ and my business.Comfort food? It certainly hit the spot on one of the first definitely cold nights of the year! I had the curry bowl with tofu and some edamame on the side, and everything was just how I wanted it. Surprisingly to me Japanese style curry doesn't seem to be a particularly common menu item so it was a nice treat to see it here.
The place is very modest in scale and decor, and seating is certainly limited, but even on a Saturday night there were only a couple other people dining in. I suspect there is a larger crowd for lunch (and takeout), though I was quite satisfied with portion size and price for dinner.
By the way, it smells fantastic in here -- good thing you don't have to wait long for your food!My significant other and I have been coming here for a year and a half solid now. As a person with Celiac Disease and IBD, it is incredibly hard to find fresh, quality take out  food, that isn't full of grease and that will not make me ill. We have always received brilliant customer service and consistently incredibly high quality food, no matter what we order. They are extremely considerate with ordering add-on's and tweaking a dish, since most of their items are oriented along customization! 
This place is a life saver when I just don't have the energy to cook fresh at home! Whenever I have family in from out of town, I have to introduce them to Tampopo if I have a chance, not only for the fantastic food, but then they can see how lavishly even a person with Celiac Disease and IBD can eat! I would rate them higher than 5 stars if I could.
((Heads up! There is a $10 card minimum; however, Monde Market a few buildings down, has an incredibly cheap ATM fee, and adult beverages, if that tickles your fancy.))I've liked everything I've tried here so far. Hot spicy chicken bowl, chicken Katsu, bibimbap. Good for fast takeout but still fresh. Won't leave a greasy feel like many similar fast takeout spots, and the food is well prepared and well spiced. Friendly staff by they weren't so helpful with recommendations. Overall will go backI think of Tampopo as Rotisseur's slightly less ambitious Asian stepbrother.  They both have a white American father because methinks this is not the most authentic Asian food out there so not full Asian, yet retain a some core features that make both pretty lovable.  Casual seating and atmosphere, a place to stop in for a good meal at a good price any day of the week.  Rotisseur knocks it out of the park for me with their chicken bahn mi, while the  tuna bi-bim-bop didn't quite reach that stratosphere.  But I'll keep trying. 
Now, I could absolutely be wrong about the authenticity of the food here, being a white guy from Jersey and all, but that's the feeling I get.  If anyone from Tampopo reads this please do not take offense.  I do not care if your food is authentic.  I care if it's good.  And it's real good.The original space for cheap Japanese food in Philly, they opened a Jewelers Row location on Sansom St. a year or so ago (in the former Blue in Green space.)  
First and best tonkatsu I've had since having it in China (bit of a story behind that one.)I got a beef rice bowl for dinner here the other night. It was pretty tasty but I just wish there was more broth or sauce, as the meat was a little dry on the top. It was pretty reasonably priced. I got a small salad, rice bowl and drink for about $15. I'd go back!I really like this place for a quick lunch on my lunch break. I always get the spicy tofu!!! It's yummy and not too pricey.We like to get their donburi bowls with a fried egg on top! So yummy and cheap. It's a good go-to for dinner.My dish of choice is the salmon bibimbap - I love the pear and all of the fresh veggies - avocado, red cabbage, cucumber etc. and in the winter the kimchi bowl warms me up- I usually add broccoli. Definitely a favorite go to for a casual and affordable meal.This 4-star review needs to be understood in context. It's a 4-star hole-in-the-wall. Korean food, fast & fresh & tasty. Also I'm a sucker for heavily tattooed young counter staff who are very friendly and listen to 80's New Wave. The wife loved their tofu stir fry. I wasn't a huge fan of the chicken kimchi but the other fare I tried was really good.This place is good! I got a vegetarian bowl with tofu and brown rice. It was good, but it didn't really knock my socks off. Nevertheless, I would definitely order from here again. The menu has a lot of options, but it all was simple. Rice/noodles, vegetables, and some sort of meat and perhaps a little something extra. You can't really go wrong with that!Ordered the tofu bibimbap at lunch time. Came out to be around $10. Pretty tasty and very filing, I had enough leftovers to eat for dinner. The tofu was grilled, but it was just room temperature. The sweet and sour sauce on the side really made the meal. Overall it was good tasting, but not unbelievably delicious. I was a bit worried that all the bowls went into the microwave, but I think that's just to get a quick steam of some of the vegetables. Would probably go back.If this review was for the spicy tofu alone, it would be 5 stars.  That is some delicious tofu.  Perfect texture, nicely spicy, great flavor - try it once and you will be hooked.
But let me talk now about Tampopo itself.  It's one of my go-tos for a fast, cheap, delicious meal.  It's a great value: cheap but still high quality, and a place you could go with friends or even on a date.  Plus it's a BYO - win!  All the food is pretty good and the atmosphere is fun, casual, and a little hipster.
The food at Tampopo is tasty, but I don't think it's very authentic, particularly the bibimbop.  It has all the ingredients of bibimpop, but it's not really bibimbop: it doesn't have the amazing, crispy rice that you get from using a stone bowl.  It's good for what it is: a regular rice bowl with nice fresh veggies, flavorful meat/tofu, and a fried egg.  The sauce it comes with is great!
I do have one pretty petty issue with Tampopo; a struggle that I've been fighting and losing for years.  And this is: I want my rice bowl with their spicy tofu of the gods, but I ALSO want it with the large variety of veggies that come in a regular tofu rice bowl.  I've tried and tried but I can't make this happen.  For some reason, the only vegetable they can add in a spicy tofu bowl is broccoli.  They can make a veggie rice bowl.  They can make a veggie tofu rice bowl.  They can make a spicy tofu rice bowl.  But they CANNOT make a veggie spicy tofu bowl.  What kind of madness is this?
Fortunately I've found a workaround.  Now when I get tampopo with my boyfriend, he orders a bibimpop, I order spicy tofu with broccoli, and we trade vegetables so we each get a mix.  Sometimes you gotta get creative.  You're welcome, everyone.
Grudges aside, Tampopo is one of my favorites!Nice place for quick takeout of Japanese and Korean food. Lots of bentos, small dishes accompanied by rice, etc. Items could have more of the "entree" and less filler rice, especially since I wouldn't consider the price "cheap takeout". So good for quality, but pricier takeout. I think their Japanese curries are my favorite items.Ordered Udon Noodle Chicken soup to take home.  Came back today for more.  Just the right amount of noodles and broth,  tasty grilled/ barbqued sliced chicken with a few veggies thrown in.  Now one of my go to places.It's pretty freaky that I live within half a block of Tampopo and had managed to never go before today. Shame on me.
I grabbed lunch to go from this hole in the wall and couldn't have been happier. I got the fresh tuna bibimbap. I was given tons of sushi grade tuna over veggies, avocado, and rice. The spicy sauce was great! I forgot to ask for a side of kimchi...but I won't forget next time!
Fast service makes for a happy Sarah.v I'll be back ASAPI had Tampopo for lunch today. 
UGH what's with $15 minimums for credit cards everywhere I turn? Not to take it out on Tampopo, but I went to get my favorite sandwich in the city on Monday and had to walk to the bank in the rain first because suddenly this $15 minimum came up. I get it, it costs money to run credit cards. But, really, how much is it setting you back, people. The credit card minimum should be as much as the most popular dish costs. Or something.
For this reason, I wanted to turn my back on Tampopo today, but walked to the bank and came back. I need the exercise, anyway.
Having said that. The food was relatively delicious and the price was fair, but not great. I had the tofu bento box. The tofu was really tasty but I don't think it was worth $8. Not to split hairs, but a slightly larger amount of tofu and rice, plus a bowl of soup, is a dollar less at Su Xing. The rice, broccoli (my side of choice), and edamame were decent, as well. I'm going to give Tampopo another shot sometime and try another dish. It was lighter than the fare at Su Xing, and there's something to be said for that, as well, depending on the day.Stumbled upon this place with my parents one day because it's close to home. Being that I'm Korean and there are literally no good/authentic Korean restaurants in the city, I thought I would give this place a shot. I ordered the bibimbap, my mom got the udon, and my dad ordered the curry. Everything was yummy but not super authentic in my opinion. The rice isn't as sticky as what I'm used to, and the sauce for the bibimbap is more oily versus pasty, and not nearly spicy enough. My mom thought the udon was overly sweet (but I suppose that's how the Japanese eat it). Still, this place is cheap and good enough to satisfy my korean food craving here and there!I wanted a quick and cheap meal after a long day of traveling. Tasting something exotic and a little spicy, I knew that there was one place that could deliver on all of these whims: Tampopo.
The inside of the restaurant is not particularly glamorous, but then again, it isn't trying to be.  For a restaurant like this, the only thing it needs to look like is clean, which Tampopo did deliver.
I ordered the Tofu Kimchi Bowl with steamed broccoli on top; many of the previous reviews raved about the Spicy Tofu Bowl, so I knew this was something I had to try.
Tofu Kimchi Bowl- the first thing I noticed was the portioning of the dish; it had a perfect ratio of rice to kimchi/tofu. Typically I find myself wishing for more of one or the other, but the balance was perfect. The sauce was also excellent with a great amount of heat (I believe it was a Sriracha base with added red pepper flakes, so it definitely had some spice, but nothing too overwhelming). Also, I really enjoyed the Kimchi portion of the dish too. The cabbage was well cooked and went nicely with the sauce. However, the tofu itself was a bit cold and absorbed very little of the sauce. I was a bit disappointed with this as it was supposed to be the highlight of the dish, but it did not destroy the dish by any means.
Overall, I think Tampopo delivers on its intent quite well: serve a quick, cheap, Korean/Japanese style meal. I will most likely come back again as I am eager to see how their bento boxes compare with my experience in Japan! 
Thanks for the good meal, Tampopo!The chicken rice bowl is the best in the city. The chicken is cooked perfectly and the teriyaki sauce has a subtle sweetness. My favorite place to get lunch!The bibimbop (I get mine with veggies and a fried egg) makes a regular appearance in my diet. Quick, tasty, and worth being a little more expensive than other lunch options in the area. I used to get the chicken bowl or chicken bento box; both of those are tasty options as well.
I usually call my order in and go pick it up, and it's ready when I arrive. Staff is very nice!Tampopo has some decent fusion food, and is a nice little spot in Center City. It is my go to source for Japanese curry in CC, and they make it pretty well. I get it with the katsu and they make it pretty spicy with hearty cuts of root vegetables. The dry noodle dishes here are good, but are a little underwhelming for the price if you want to eat here often. If you have a craving for some yakisoba however, definitely try Tampopo.  
Only downside here is that you have to wait a bit for your food.. and by a bit I mean you have to wait a long time. It is also a bit tiny if you want to eat in, but it fits a certain vibe and mood if stylish and casual is what you are looking for.So far, since I've started working in the city, this has been the best place i've gone to that is reasonably priced but still delish. I really love their hot and spicy bowls. SO GOOD.Had the spicy beef and chicken bento for take out dinner today. I opted for brown rice again and egg cake as my side. It was reasonably  priced and a good amount of food.
I have to say I was disappointed with the spicy chicken and beef. First of all, it wasn't even that spicy. I think it was because there was a lot of sugar in the sauce. The meat was more sweet than spicy.
Second, the chicken and beef was super tough!! They cooked it for way too long and the sauce was over caramelized and the meat dried out. It tasted like slightly moist beef and chicken jerky chunks with dried out sauce. The sauce tasted like overly sweet teriyaki slash Jamaican jerk sauce. 
I would not get this dish again. I think they cook the meat the same way for their bento and danburi rice bowls. I would avoid those too in the future.
The edamame was plain, no salt. The egg cake was good. I was expecting something like a tamago yaki but it was sweet and had the texture of flan mixed with sponge cake. My favorite part was the brown rice, cooked to perfection.
I think in the future I will just stick with their bi bim bap. The meat they put in there is different, marinated and moist and not covered in caramelized dried out sauce. I will have to try the udon soup, too.Small, intimate and simple and good food.  Simple Japanese dishes that are close to homestyle.  A bit pricy for their simplicity but well within reason.  I saw this place a long time ago and for the life of me COULD NOT find it every time I looked for it.  I'm glad I persisted!My consistent favorite here is the bibimbap. I always get it with chicken with the fried egg and brown rice. It comes with a variety of veggies. The real highlight is the sauce, which blends with the veggies, chicken, rice and egg perfectly. I've tried the udon before (when they ran out of bibimbap), and the bento box but I don't think they are quite as good. 
This location is BYO. It's small but there's almost always seating available. Save your bowl and bring it back for a 5% discount. 
Note they're closed on Sundays!Mmmmmmmmmm. Really mmm. Came for a friends birthday and I was so glad I did! I got a chicken bimbibapo..bibibambo..bimbamba..I don't remember the name, but it was amazing! They don't skimp on the veggies. I was also surprised that our group of 9 all fit in this tiny place. Not to mention that the staff didn't get annoyed that we hoarded five tables and obnoxiously laid out our 10 bottles of wine on the tables (it is BYO!!!). The people working there even offered to take pictures for us!
The only thing I didn't like was the spicy sauce. It had a great level of spiciness but it was too sweet for my taste.Well this place was pretty good, but wasn't the best flavor-wise compared to the other korean I've had. It was tasty and I enjoyed my filling meal, but it was not as appealing as some of the other korean I've had. It's definitely a great place to grab lunch and may go back, but it was just ok. I had the bibimbop which was tasty but the sauce wasn't as spicy as I like and wasn't mixed in to give the chicken and rice the flavor. I loved all the shredded veggies and that was it pretty cheap though. 
The people at the counter are incredibly friendly though and were really accommodating to our probably annoying situation. (we were a big loud group for my friends bday with a ton of wine on the table. We brought a cake and they even gave us extra plates/napkins and knife for it. They offered to take a picture for us too which was really sweet. I hate to give it 3 stars because of that, and was debating on 4, but the food part didn't quite deserve it. 
For my friend who picked this place and will probably see this, I did have a blast though, left satisfied and I hope you had a great bday celebration here :-PGood food and pretty good prices. Nothing to write home about though. I probably won't be back.
The good:
-the spicy chicken. I'm not great with super spicy, but this was the right kind of spicy flavorful sauce (got it on the side to make sure). Chicken by itself was moist, but I'm glad I got the spicy sauce, as it would've been on the bland side without (which is how it is served when it's just regular, not spicy)
-the pork dumplings (gyoza). Not great, but we gobbled them right up. Choice of steamed, pan-fried, or deep fried. We did pan-fried.
The meh:
-the crunch roll. Way overpriced for the quality. Was very "meh". I'm going to go ahead and speculate that the sushi at this place is very "meh". Stick with the chicken.
-the water cups are those ones you see in college dining halls. The like plastic ones with lines down the sides. The prices weren't THAT cheap. $8.50 for my bento box, $6.50 for six little gyoza. And the crunch roll was $7.50.
The after meal:
-next door at The Lil Pop Shop. Grab a gourmet popsicle.
Note: $15 credit card minimum.Very yummy but I think their chicken could be more seasoned because to me it is kind of bland but their beef is very good. Like how they take credit card, most places won't but to me it is an average place.You don't go to TAMPOPO for atmosphere -- you go there to pick-up your food.  This place has the BEST spicy beef/chicken rice bowl - not to be duplicated anywhere else.  We also like the gyozas (dumplings).  That's about all I can comment on because we don't order much more than that. Co-workers do get & like the katsu and be-bim-bob (with fried egg!).  Can't say I've ever "checked out"  the staff but will be sure to look next time I go there.  I can say THIS ----  TAMPOPO NEVER DISAPPOINTS!This is my go-to for quality and affordable Asian food around Rittenhouse. The bibimbap is delicious and you get a nice serving of meat, carrots, zucchini, sprouts, spinach, and rice, along with an egg. All for around $10. Ya can't beat it. Haven't even tried any other dishes yet because I like this one so much, but am looking forward to it. Food done right!B+
Great place for a quick and tasty bite. This place is very affordable as most of the food is below $10.
I had the Pork Kimchi on Rice and wow that was a very good bowl. Very simple and to the point. I had eaten too fast to take a picture. :(
My friend had the Spicy Grilled Chicken Lunch Box. She said it was good as well. The lunch box comes with some green beans, seaweed salad, carrots, regular salad, and fried potato ball.
You have to try to fried potato ball, it is delicious.
One of the confusing part is it is a self order system and the receipt asks for pre tip so you get confused to tip or not.
I will be coming back for another quick bite.Strolling along 21st around lunchtime, I almost physically ran into the line that was coming out of Tampopo. Initially intimidated by the well-suited crew patiently awaiting their bowls of bi bim bob and boxes of bento, I waited a few days to head in for a later lunch with a buddy. For first timers like ourselves, their "Tampopo Top Ten" list was quite helpful (you know, in case folks don't scour Yelp before they head out to dine) and listed their 10 most popular orders.
The line, though still reasonably long (maybe 8 people in front of us), moved quickly and we grabbed some drinks, ordering the veggie BBB with a fried egg and brown rice (me) and the spicy chicken bowl with white rice (my buddy). After a little wait at one of the seats inside (seating area is small but most folks I saw in line were getting take out, so we did not have to wait for a table or seats). Sitting at the bar, we got down to the business of dining on our bowls of goodness, firmly believing that sharing is caring.
Having nibbled on both, I kind of wish that there was a hybrid of the two. I wonder if there's a hybrid spicy chicken bi bim bob I could order... However, I loved the variety of veggies in my bowl. Bean sprouts, spinach, zucchini, and carrots with a fried egg in the middle (that I was hoping would be a little runnier, alas...) The spicy sauce that comes along with the BBB heightened the dish and provided the most flavor of anything. I can't imagine that the taste would've been there without that sauce, as the base seemed pretty simple. My buddy's spicy chicken was INSANE but the rice was bland and a huge portion. 
We each paid about $10 for our meals+drinks, and that would've been 50 cents cheaper had we brought our own bowls. Noted, for next time. And there definitely will be a next time, as the other BBBs sound like they warrant some exploration.If you don't mind waiting 25 minutes while you watching dozens of take out orders get their food before you, then have fun with this place.  This is more surprising since our bento box's contained uncooked broccoli, canned and uncooked mushrooms, and precooked edamame and rice.  To be fair, our spicy beef and chicken were delicious. I am not sure how the rest of their menu is... but we will never find out.This is more of a take out place, kept very clean with a 'people watching' spot in the front for a group of 3 people. My companion says the Tuna BBB was great, just spicy enough, the fried wonton were really nicely done and had great miso soup. The edamame beans were unsalted and bland. Would go back, but for takeout only.Updating from 3 stars to 4! Great customer service and I love there spicy beef w brown rice bowl... The bomb ! Go ten mins before lunch to nab a spot in this tiny dine in area! Small and limited seating. It was 9 bucks but a lot of food so it was worth the money. 
I will def visit here again and do takeout Korean.i'm one of those annoying bike riders you see darting through traffic on a saturday afternoon and all for a bowl of yakisoba with tofu. i absolutely enjoy tampopo. i live close to center city but i can usely get to tampopo's in less than eight minutes, instead of my normal fifteen. i like sitting at the window and watching people squint at the menu posted near the entrance. i feel so sorry for the ones who walk away. believe me, i am a very picky eater but tampopo has definitely got me hooked. it will make your tummy say "yeah!" or something like that. yup.Quick and easy, good flavor and reasonable pricing, but the ingredients aren't well balanced and not cooked well... Basic cooking rule - grill mark is good/burnt is not! The tofu in the stir fried noodles are burned/completely blackened; waaay too much noodles and not enough of veggies (ratio 20:1), which caused the noodles to be very dry and salty... I know this is supposed to be like a "fast food" take of Korean, but it still should be well executedIf your in the area you probably can eat here everyday.  Its a pretty small spot so watch out for overhearing crappy conversations from rich Penn students.So far the better than most korean places in most of Philadelphia however it's not the best I've had.. It's also a bit pricey but seems fair for this neighborhood. 
I heard the west Philly location gives you extra sides. I should try it sometime,New fav after yoga dinner pick up. Tuna bibimbap is so tasty and very healthy. The portion size is perfect...not too big or too small. All ingredients are super fresh.
I'm quickly becoming a regular. I'll have to switch it up soon and try a more classic bibimbap or noodle dish.Cheap and awesome.  I heart Tampopo... My friends and I go here all the time (who has time to cook these days?)??  Spicy tofu or the chicken katsu...If it's really cold, I like the udon...The portions are alright, if you don't eat much. The worst part is the food is very bland. The meat usually has flavor, but after that, nothing else has any flavor at all. The rice is just white rice, and the vegetables have no flavor at all. I would love to like this place, but it's just not my type.Really mediocre food, even at that price point. Low quality beef, cold steamed broccoli. There are better options right next door for the same price. Also the service is practically non-existent. We were the only customers and my friend ordered spring rolls to eat before the food was ready. The employee put the rolls on the counter, where we couldn't see them, and didn't say anything to us. We finally found out the rolls has been sitting there the whole time when my first asked where they were. And I, like a schmuck, had pre-tipped when I ordered my food. It's one thing if you're busy but when there is absolutely no other work that you're doing?I was looking for a place low key, cheap and BYOB to celebrate my birthday. And I found tampopo. I set my mind for Korean and unfortunately, there are not many Korean places in the city and none that are BYO so we decided on this place. When I got there my first thought "where the heck are we going to sit our group of ~10 people?!' Luckily, a few people left and i ended up putting tables together and got enough space to fit us all. 
I only give 3 stars to this place because I found the food to be just so-so.. The rice was pretty dry and I feel there was not enough seasoning in my dish. I had better Korean before though it was Tampopo is a bit cheaper. 
The server were very accommodating and gave us what we needed everytime; however, I felt rushed out of the door. they close at 9:30 and starting ~9:20, I really felt like I was expected to leave
I would probably go back there for lunch if I am around but definitely not go out of my way to grab dinner there.Had the salmon bibimbop for $11, which is a pretty good price for something with a decent amount of raw fish. The sauce was spicy and there were lots of vegetables. I wish they had lightened up on the raw cabbage and added more zucchini, avocado, etc. 
My partner had the chicken katsu rice bowl. 
This place may become my next go-to for ambiguously asian fast-food.Always delicious, always filling. It's a great place for a quick dinner. Try the beef & egg bibimbap, it's my go-to!I had been meaning to get to Tampopo for a bit now.  I love bibimbap. I was happy to see the lunch rush hadn't left me without a place to sit so I snagged a table for a friend and I and ordered the spicy chicken bibimbap bowl with white rice and egg.  It was pretty good but nothing over the moon.  I may be spoiled because I traditionally order my bibimbap in a stone pot so that the rice gets crispy and you're welcomed by a flavor bomb that will knock your socks off.... here the bibimbap was served in a plastic bowl and I used the entire side of sriracha to get my taste buds kickin. Either way it was a nice lunch and I'd be back but probably to try other menu items.My friend and I both had the fresh tuna bibimbap. Very colorful and packed with flavor! Very filling and healthy.Excellent food! Relatively quick service and decent prices!! Highly recommended for Japanese "fast" food. They're also a BYO (little known fact)!I love the spicy tofu bowl...it's amazing...i'd go here more often but parking on the streets is often limited..A solid take-out joint.
We had the veggie bi-bim-bop and spicy chicken bowls. The veggies and bi-bim-bop sauce were tasty. The spicy chicken was excellent, although a little too spicy for me to eat a whole serving. (I'm a wuss; normal people should enjoy it thoroughly.) The bill for two was $14, not including drinks. 
As a bonus, you get 50 cents off your order if you bring your own bowl.Went for lunch on a weekday. Arrived just before noon and thus just before the rush. I ordered the chicken bento, with a side of gyoza. 
In all the bento included:
1. Teriyaki chicken
2. white rice
3. One gyoza
4. a pile of steamed edamames
The chicken was well cooked and tasty if you rub it around in the sauce. Rice is rice. The gyoza was disappointingly vegetarian, (disappointing not because I dislike vegetarian food, but because I was expecting pork, the usual filling for gyoza). 
The edamames were kind of out of place to me. Perhaps I did not read the menu closely enough, but somehow I tend to see edamame as more of a snack than a side dish. Furthermore, I felt the portion of rice was a bit too large. I'd rather have two dumplings and less rice. 
I like the concept so I'd definitely try this place again, but I won't order the same thing.I ordered the Bibimbap and Miso soup. The food was delicious, well seasoned, and comforting, if on the simple and unassuming side: the Bibimbap consists of four simply prepared veggies, an egg, and a protein, laid over rice. However, the simplicity of the Bibimbap is not a flaw - it draws attention to the deliciously marinated meat which accompanies the other ingredients. As I ate with a group, I was fortunate enough to sample the beef and the chicken, both of which were great. 
Tasty, simple, healthy food (inexpensive too!). I recommend Tampopo if you're looking for good Korean and Japanese food with a laid back vibe.Takes up a pretty basic spot on 21st street with a handful of tables and some single seats by the window.  Seems like most of their business is take out.  Have gone twice, had the spicy chicken rice bowl the first time which was excellent.  The second time I had the spicy beef bowl which was good though not as good as the chicken and a bit dry.  The spicy chicken rice bowl is only $8 and has a decent portion size so that seems like the best value.Awesome!!! Everything was delicious. What do they do to those edamame??? Crazy good! The spicy tofu was by far the best I've ever had. Only problem is that the second time I called for pick up, they didn't pick up the phone (it was 8.40 and they closed at 9 PM).My sister took me here. I was a bit hesitant and nervous to try the food but wow! Freaking awesome!!! Good food, filling and cheap!!!I have been a loyal patron for over 5 years now...I simply don't think there is any chance of me ever growing tired of the spicy rice bowls.
Spicy squid or beef with white rice is a must-try. Ben, the owner, has done a phenomenal job with consistency over the years.
You won't be disappointed!I chanced upon this place one day when I was looking for a quick meal to take home after an event, and I felt like I hit the jackpot.  If you're looking for simple, quick, delicious, fun variations of some staple Korean and Japanese foods, don't miss this little hole in a wall! 
Favorite thing to order here: hot spicy beef or chicken bowl, which includes stir fried kimchi over rice (if you're into whole grains, the brown rice option here is tender and delicious!) and perfectly satisfies my taste for spicy/savory korean flavors.Definitely a big fan.  I've been wanting to try this place for a long time, and when Katrina C. and I finished a work out and got some pedicures we settled on Tampopo  for a healthy dinner.  They no longer have the raw tuna bowl because tuna has gotten too expensive, but they're replaced it with a raw salmon bowl, which was my dish of choice.
It had several large chunks of salmon, lots of veggies, brown rice, and a tasty spicy stir fry type sauce.  Everything was very fresh and delicious.  It's a little pricey for your average take out spot, but there is some seating inside, and they don't charge extra for brown rice.Tell them your vegan or vegetarian and be specific. Also avoid extra hot sauce with food (it's really gross and could make you sick if your vegan). Tried calling to let them know, no voicemail set up. Good food, too bad I wasn't specific enough about being vegetarian-not usually an issue.great meal and surprisingly healthy.  you won't leave here hungry and have lots of options.  great value for center city.I haven't been to Tampopo for a while b/c I've been misremembering it as Moshi Moshi, a few blocks away. This was a mistake- any of the hot and spicy (protein) rice bowls are great for a casual, portable meal. I rate their "Hot" as actually medium spicy- I get a pleasant tingliness but no afterburn. The tuna bibim includes some nice avocado, shredded veggies and tuna chunks, but you may want to ask them to go light on the dressing if you don't want your rice bowl to get too soupy. Order at the counter, pick up when your name is called.If you want to eat anything that remotely resembles real Korean food, don't bother coming here. 
The ingredients and preparation are not quite right and stuff is often boring. Why bother with Tampopo when you could eat something excellent in Chinatown? 
Not to mention, the staff have horrible attitudes and act like they hate the fact that you are there and that everything you do is incredibly annoying to them. Sorry guys, but I am PAYING to eat in your restaurant. I am allowed to have a conversation with friends and to order multiple dishes, even if these things irritate you. Please just cut the attitude and relax.I heard about Tampopo from a lot of different people, and when I finally ventured over, I hadn't realized that I'd eaten here two years ago so I was excited to try it again.
It's a small space, but I definitely recommend it, whether you are dining in alone or with a friend, or grabbing something to-go. I don't recommend coming here with a large group, as it is a tight fit. If you are grabbing lunch during the week, I would order in advance, as they get pretty busy!
I LOVE their chicken Bibimbap. It's a personal fave dish of mine in general, and this place does it just right. I also appreciate their price point. Depending on how hungry you are you could eat this in one sitting, or manage to split it up and save some for later.
I highly recommend that you DO NOT get their fresh salmon bibimbap... When I ordered it I was expecting the usual, but with salmon instead of chicken - WRONG ASSUMPTION. Instead of the fresh veggies and rice, this compilation is cabbage, sprouts, and other things with a dressing that I could have done without. The salmon itself is delicious, I think they should upgrade that dish otherwise!
I also really enjoyed their chicken teriyaki bentobox. Simple, with the perfect amount of food. They chicken teriyaki is REALLY good.Friendly staff, clean location and okay bimbimbaps. I was looking for a quick meal before the gym and found this Asian joint. They take credit cards if the order is over $10 post tax. Also there's seating for around 20 people inside.
-Beef Bimbimbap with a fried egg ($9.50): this was a very standard and typical bimbimbap. I did like the no upcharge for brown rice. Overall, a healthy dish but was lacking taste. The side sauce helped a little.
In conclusion, I may come back for a quick meal. Will just temper my expectations next time.I really wanted to like this place. It looked like a dope hole in the wall with potential to have amazing food. You can see the kitchen from the register and it looked like one of those places that didn't really care about the health inspector but would be the best food you ever ate. It was not unfortunately. 
The dumplings tasted weird, I didn't like the texture or the smell or anything. The spicy beef was okay, nothing special and it made my stomach hurt after. I've eaten a lot of greasy and spicy food before and it was no problem. This small bowl making my stomach hurt was surprising. 
Also, I was sad about the plastic bowls. Obviously, I didn't expect stone bowls here, but a ceramic bowl for people eating in would have been a nice touch. 
I wouldn't go again, but maybe a chicken bowl or something would have been better.Update 6/21: The service has improved. I'm adding 2 stars.
The food here is decent but the service is pretty bad. They usually stop taking orders at least half an hour before they close, even though it takes only a couple minutes for them to make it. Also they close pretty early and aren't open on Sundays, so their hours aren't great even before all the early closing. All of the staff acts like they'd prefer if you'd leave. The food is ok in the sense that it's a fast casual place and your expectations shouldn't be too high. By all means don't come here expecting good Korean food. It's more of a Chipotle alternative. Their prices aren't bad but it'd be more competitive if everything was a dollar or two less (or if the quality/service were on par with the other fast casual places in the area).Does what is does incredibly well.  The service is quick and friendly.  The food is cheap and delicious.  I love the spicy chicken and find it pretty difficult to order anything else.  The Be Bim Bop is pretty good as well.
It's quite small, so you aren't always guaranteed a seat if you want to eat in but that is a minor complaint in the grand scheme of things.The food was okay. The Tampopo fried chicken was a little fatty and had some dark meat. The stone bulgogi was also nothing special, not much broth or substance to the meal. Overall I wouldn't go back. The staff wasn't too friendly. Setting of the restaurant is VERY casual and not romantic. I expected a lot more from the reviews. Probably wouldn't return.Very good for food taken away, simple quick lunch or dinner.Love this place.  Use to live around the block and go here all the time.  I love how they do not smother the chicken teriyaki in some thick sweet sauce but the flavor is char-grilled into it.  Music is eclectic and fun.  Good price and nice people.Love the tuna bi-bim-bop.  Love that the owner always remembers that I like an extra spicy sauce on the side.  Love this place.I walked in after a haircut to get change so I could tip my hairstylist, but the smell was so inviting in there, I decided to use some of my change to pay the parking meter and get some dinner before I went home.
I had the spicy chicken bowl with white rice and boy was it spicy! I ate it all up though because the flavor was ALL THE BALANCED tastes (sweet, savory, spicy, tangy, UMAMI, you name it) although it being the SPICY variety, the scales were tipped more toward spicy. I wasn't aware it didn't come with broccoli, I just assumed it did from the picture, but a few jingly coins later, I had some in my bowl. My stomach was sweating in there, I know it, but I enjoyed it nonetheless and felt nothing but happily satisfied that I stopped there to eat. You definitely want those veggies in there though...they provide respite from flavor-town.
The cashier was a friendly counter-culture girl and I happily chatted with her while I waited for my food. The cooks were quiet but pleasant and  guess I would have to equate this tiny place to a bustling street stall, if we were to have such things in Philadelphia, and I enjoyed it for what that's worth.
Try it!Delicious, we ordered....bibimbap "bibimbob" on their menu? veg w/ fried egg, spicy pork kimchi bowl, spicy soba noodle salad, veg yakisoba, gyoza fried pork smeamed n fried, tofu curry. Everyone had a different favorite, the flavor had depth, the heat form the spicy was just right and the vegetables were cooked to add just the right texture to either rice or noodles. BYOB we forgot the bowl but brought the wine which if you don't BYOG you will be sipping from styro-foam that they so nicely supply. The prices were terrific, portions adequate and the staff were friendly and helpful explaining the menu. Great dinner for our first night in Philly although we miss you a little Brooklyn.Went for lunch and was going to order the Bimimbo (not sure of spelling) but it was a really cold day so I opted for the spicy tofu bowl with brown rice. My lunch partner ordered the spicy beef bowl good. The price was very reasonable. Great place for good cheap eats. Oh and if you bring your own bowl there is a discountTampopo has gotten better - at least now that I know what to order (and what not to order).  Today I got a side order ($2) of egg cake (tamago) and a veggie and tofu (fried but still so tasty) bibimbop.
Called it in, picked it up, no lines, no worries.
Sweet.I really haven't had much of the menu here yet so let's start with 4 stars. The bibimbop is INCREDIBLE. So good. This is why I haven't even bothered trying anything else yet. I get it plain (vegetarian and w/out tofu) and it has such a great flavor. The sauce you get on the side is perfect and I recommend you use all of it for the bibimbop.Spicy pork kimchi is pretty good -- it's tasty and saucy.  The kimchi & onions absorb all the flavours and get all soft.  Main problem is that there's not enough rice served with it to accompany all the sauce.
Salmon BiBimBap is not so great. The salmon's not fresh enough to eat raw.  Veggie ingredients are fresh.  This dish is more like a salad than a regular BBB -- there's very little rice served with it.
It's nice that you can choose between white or brown rice.The food is delicious and the service is wonderful.  I usually order the fried noodles.  The food is made fresh and quick.  I highly recommend.Full disclosure: I'm judging Philly restaurants by LA standards. The ratings might be harsh but someone has to tell the truth. 
I moved to Philly from LA four months ago, and I'm still trying to find my new favorite Japanese curry house. Every place so far has failed my test and Tampopo was no exception. To be far it's not like my standards are too high or anything: I have been comparing the restaurants with Curry House, a local chain back in LA that averages three-and-a-half-star on Yelp.
Tbc3 to 3.5 Star Restaurant. My friends and I were exploring the area and we passed by this place on our way around Philadelphia. I felt a craving for Korean food and decided to try this place out. We both ordered the beef bibimbop which came out pretty fast served in a small white plastic bowl arranged nicely with a side of sauce. The sauce was their take on traditional bibimbop sauce; a little sweeter than I would have preferred. Overall, it was pretty decent but not quite to the same level of other bibimbop places that I have been to.Since I live on 20th and Walnut, I tend to frequent Tampopo for meals every week. Quite delicious and fast Japanese/Korean food. I had the bibimbap the first time I came, and I was quite happy with the mix of veggies and the meat. I wish it wasn't so overcooked, but it was good nonetheless with hot pepper paste and the egg. Otherwise, some solid comfort favorites in terms of donburi (the katsudon is quite good) and yakisoba. Prices are affordable and for the most part, the service is fast. Can't ask for much more.Spicy pork rice bowl and edamame were done perfectly.  Inexpensive and fast, will definitely make this a go to option for nights we don't feel like cooking!:-)Had a tofu bento box with gyoza and brown rice-- it tasted great and was filling for just 8 bucks! The miso dressing on the salad was awesome, and overall the meal had an even, but wide-ranging, balance of flavors (although it was a little too salty- to be expected from such soy sauce-heavy fare, I guess).
Also, the service was good- the guy at the counter was helpful and friendly, and I got my meal in under 5 minutes. Good for lunch once a week.If you love microwaved cooking, you'll love this place:  As I was waiting for my food, my first indication of crap to be served...nuking before serving!  My katsu-donburi and gyoza was to be expected from its final 'heating' before serving.  The fried katsu breading was soggy and the 'steamed' gyoza was tough on the edges.  Growing up on Japanese food in Los Angeles and Japan, I didn't expect much in Philly.  However, no self-respecting restaurant pre-cooks and nukes their food...especially right in front of the customer. Obviously, the owners of Tampopo are clueless.The service and the food are really bad and disappointed. Can't not be compare with the one at S 44th st. I will never ever come back again.I went here with a large group about two months ago...the food was great and really cheap, but the wait was over an hour for everyone to get their meal. 
Fortunately, I came back about a week ago and it was FANTASTIC. My group really enjoyed it, food came super quickly (5-10 minutes), and I have nothing bad to say. Both times I got a bi-bim-bob, and the second time it was even better than the first.
Can't wait to go back, and would recommend it to anyone who wants a relaxed dinner.Had the spicy pork kimchi bowl and it was to die for. The best Asian dish I've ever had!!I have gone to the 21st Street location a few times - mostly when I first moved to Philly and did not know about other (better) places.
There is no atmosphere - but it is very, very reasonable for a quick bento lunch.  They used to serve a DELICIOUS inexpensive kalbi box but no more.  You can still get the bul-goki though - but it is not as good as the bul-goki at the Korean Place on Chestnut (I am spacing out on the name of the place between 20 & 21 on Chestnut).  It's MIRAN - that's the name.  MIRAN!!!
But I digress...
Menawhile do NOT order any sushi type items here.  The spicy tuna rolls were NOT fresh.  Stick to the cooked meals and rice bowls and you'll be fine.
You get alot of OK (some is good, even) foor and a LOT of rice for very little coin.
When you want the good stuff though, so elsewhere.
For dinner.
This is a lunch place.
Really.I am in LOVE with their fresh tuna bibimbob and aren't too pricey compared to other lunch spots in center city. I've since loved away but miss it a lot and will go back if in the areaThis is a spot where you can get a lot of different stuff at one place: yakisoba, udon, curry, bibimbap, donburi, dumplings, salads, and bento boxes. That is the serious highmark, because I don't think that there is anywhere else in Philly where you can get this cross of both Japanese and Korean at one spot. However, with it being such a diverse menu, I can say that it's stuff that you can make at home (e.g., heating up a package of udon and throwing in some veggies and seaweed, or a piece of chicken). 
Yes, it is relatively cheap, and certainly a place to consider if you're feeling too lazy to cook. It's also a huge plus in being very casual (plastic trays and plastic bowls kinda spot), and a place where you can catch up with someone.This place is ballin. Mostly ricebowls and bentos. Fast, friendly and delicious. Totally reasonable prices too. If you're at all a fan of asian food--in particular Korean or Japanese--this is your spot. When the say spicy, they're not kidding.Haven't been back to Tampopo in such a long time, so today I had the fresh salmon BBB (salmon was not as fresh as it should have been - but the veggies and asian pear were great, brown rice at no extra charge.
But what brought my 3 star lunch (take out) up to 4 stars was the amazingly fresh (still warm) tamago.  
For $2.00 - you bet I'll be back for more "egg cake".
P.S.  Bring back the Galbi Box!!!!I LOVE TAMPOPO. I could pretty much go here whenever, except the hours are pretty weird. Do not come here at like 4pm. It will be closed. i would take away a star because of that, but I really just love the food too much. I always get the hot and spicy chicken rice bowl and I wish the bowl was never ending so I could eat it forever. My friend loves the spicy salmon rolls and gets those every time too. Tampopo is casual, fast and cheap. The 21st street location is small but the one by Jeweler's row is a lot bigger so you can pretty much sit anywhere. The food is just as good at that location. Mmm, I could go for some right now.After reading good things, I finally made it to Tampopo. The food was great! We got there around 7pm and were surprised to see so many people. Since it is so small, people waiting for take out are cramped in with the people staying to eat. TIP: Know what you want before you go. There is no posted menu of items listed inside, only printed takeout menus. Being our first time, we didnt know what to try, which looked like it annoyed the girl behind the counter. 
We had the spicy beef bento, chicken katsu bento, and shared an order of spicy tuna. Trust me when I say the bento would have been enough! There was so much food! The spicy beef was yummy and the katsu was crispy, light and not oily! My only complaint is there was only one fantastic gyoza in the box! The spicy tuna was great - slight hint of sesame oil and enough heat to feel without over powering the taste. 
We will definitely be going back for take out.It ain't easy to find tasty, inexpensive, and FAST ethnic food - especially Korean here in CC Philly. After some friends of ours raved over their cheap dinner at Tampopo we placed a mental bookmark to try them out the first moment we got. That happened after one very long, very stressful day. I opened the fridge, looked at its bare shelves, and announced that we were eating out ASAP. Thank god Tampopo is a short walk away from our apartment because we were starving by the time we arrived. 
We ordered the hot spicy squid bowl and the chicken with egg bibimbop, and only a few short minutes later our steaming bowls were placed on the counter. We tore through those dishes, very content with the taste and the price. The squid was a tad overcooked (eh, it happens) but was still very tasty AND spicy, plus they gave us extra sauce which was AWESOME! I don't do plain rice. The bibimbop was also pretty good, nice assortment of veggies to mix in with the chicken, rice and runny egg yolk (YUM!). A satisfying meal at a wonderfully cheap price can't be beat when you're on a budget.
If I had known about their discount for bringing your own bowl I would've grabbed a couple, but I can do that another time - since I know that there will definitely be another time.Not impressed with the quality of the bibimbap, and especially the yakisoba pan-fried noodles. I didn't think that the meat was marinated well, and the noodles just tasted like they were panfried in oil and didn't have much seasoning on them. Guess my search for a great Korean restaurant in Philly goes on!
Definitely a casual place where you grab a quick bite and head out. Wouldn't come here on a date if you want to impress.Great little neighborhood place for take-out or stopping by for a casual bite to eat. 
All the soups are delicious; my favorite, though is the Udon Noodle Soup. Good pick me up on a fall/winter day.
The Bento Boxes are also portioned well and pretty good.
Wish their hours weren't so limited (which accounts for the 4 stars).Came here for a quick work lunch and it was super fast. The spicy beef bowl is yummy and I highly recommend it for a quick take back to your desk lunch. Make sure u clearly say what you want... Otherwise they will stick you w. A bento box when u actually ordered the rice bowl. My bento box was $11 and some chg which I think is expensive for what it is. 
Note there is limited seats in here so don't plan to sit down here.3.5
you know, i really can't say i love it here. the food is nothing special, but in all fairness, it does taste less greasy than other quick/cheap eat joints. however, with all the other cheap eats in philly, im not impressed.This tempopo restaurant is much worse than the one in west philly. The food was not clean and we found sand in the rice. We used to go to the other tampopo in west philly, and the first experience here made us so disappointed.Decent kinda korean food. it's definitely not your typical Korean bbq spot, but they did hae some decent bulgogi bowls. All in all, I may go back if I was in the area and looking for something cheap and quick.Tampopo is basically a cleaner / simpler version of many different types of Asian food -- and it serves them quickly at a above average quality at a good price. It's definitely a place I get a craving for whether for their Bimbimbap or Chicken Katsu Curry.
My biggest complaint is their hours since they have a gap between lunch & dinner service that is exactly when I like to pick-up food, but otherwise their service and food quality is all great. I highly recommend it.It's more like a takeout restaurant. We ordered at the counter, then we picked them up when they were ready... Not really has service there.
But the food is good. Chicken bibimbap with fried egg is really delicious! Love the Korean chili source! And it's a good portion! I was stuffed after eating it up!I love the spicy chicken bowl. When i first found this place i was hitting it up like twice a week. To be honest, I haven't really tried anything else on the menu. But my frind has and she devours everything tooI ordered the chicken bibimbap ($8-9). 
It's more of a fusion restaurant than an authentic korean place. 
The chicken was grilled with some sort of sweet sauce. It resembles the teriyaki chicken you get a japanese grill places.It also had all sorts of veggies and your choice of brown or white rice. It came in a plastic bowl and you dispose of at the end. 
Overall it was ok.It's a hip place with a lot of promise. They have a pretty good looking menu with many different bowls, options, dishes, and sides. I have to be honest though, wasn't in love with the noodles. The chicken was good, but scarce. Same with the one piece of broccoli. Portion size was good, but the noodles were just a little off. Won't stop me from trying something else from here though.Got the spicy chicken to go. I loved it! Such a delicious and generous portion. I can't wait to try more dishes!I liked their bibimbob a lot, though the fried gyoza were not good at all. I had some kimchi with the bibimbop and it was a perfect.This place sucks. Went here because Yelp ratings were high but food was plain and typical Japanese knock off food. This place is a joke. Go to a burger joint, you'll be happier.Okay, the food here is not great. I just like it. It is korean owned and if you listen you can hear some korean beats intermingled with your English songs.
Got the tuna bibimbap.. weird.. just weird. I got it but I couldn't even tell it was bibimbap and it was not brown rice but whatever. Comes with tuna so good and slices of avocado also so good. You should realize by now this is fusion but its interestingly good. They even spell it bibimbob. Weird right?
It looks like a restaurant, but you order at the counter. And the tuna bibimbap is their third most popular item. Enjoy!I really like the spicy tofu bowl. It's pretty solid. I have not tried anything else on the menu. It is very helpful that there is a really amazing beer store on the same street.Tampopo never ceases to please. 
We probably get takeout for dinner here once a month because it is so good. 
$7 for a bento box full of rice, protein, edamame, and broccoli, mushrooms or an egg cake! 
The hubs always gets the spicy pork which is flavorful and probably the best protein that they have. I get the spicy tofu to try and keep it a little healthy. Also, delicious. 
Eating in is kind of crowded, but it is a saving grace for a takeout meal! 
xoA friend and I both got the Bento Boxes for lunch one day; the chicken katsu and the grilled salmon. My chicken was fried perfectly and not oily at all (can you believe it?!). The downside was that it was pretty tasteless and the sweet-and-sour sauce they served next to it didn't taste that great to me.
I like the grilled salmon much better :)
The bento box comes with a couple of side things like this egg pancake thing (which was pretty delicious), a strange fried curry dumpling (it might be just because I'm chinese and eating delicious dumplings all my life but this was just weird), and some edamame.
Service was nice and the place looked modern and clean. It was relatively empty when I went since it was around 1pm and most of the lunch rushers had already cleared out.Great, inexpensive bibimbap. Friendly staff and quick service. I recommend ordering take-out; the seating area is pretty small and cramped.Tampopo is great! Nice little place, love the mural on the wall explaining the bi bim bop. The salmon bi bim bop was delicious. Can't wait to try the rest of the menu.What a great surprise to find a cute, clean and delicious Korean byob nearby!  Service is quick and food is delicious.  I ordered the salmon Bibimbop with a side of Gochujang.  I inhaled  it!!!  Prices are very reasonable too.I wanted to try them out (menu looks tasty & well-priced) but they're currently closed for renovations! :( 
The sign posted in their door is dated 3/4/13.Although the choices are the good, the spicy flavoring that you can add to your protein is a major consideration. For those looking for a reasonably priced, flavorful, and healthy option, this restaurant is ideal. My only complaint is that the seating space is somewhat limited.
If you're not expecting too much, you'll be impressed with the quality of the ingredients. If you're expecting a lot, you might be a bit disappointed by the absence of options on the menu.
For those in search of a simple meal in a hurry without compromising on taste, it's hard to do better.They are popular for their Bibimbap and Spicy Chicken. Both very tasty and reasonably priced (some may find it a bit pricey but compared to other Asian restaurants around Uni City, the price at Tampopo is normal!)
I personally love their brown rice. Its perfectly cooked, fluffy and absolutely delicious. When I order brown rice at other places they come out either too hard or too soggy (ew!) 
They also have amazing seaweed salad! It's a good sharable item for about 3-4 friends. 
I've never BYO-ed there but I know they card so don't forget your ID!Me: "Let's get sushi." 
BF: "You and your sushi. I want something hot."
Me: Okay, I'll get sushi, and you can have....[insert yelp search here]...a bento box from Tampopo."
BF: "A what from where?"
And so the tasty adventure began. Tampopo (at least the one on 21st) no longer serves sushi, so I called in my order to Vic's. The BF chose the hot spicy chicken + beef combo bento box with white rice and an egg cake, so I called that in to Tampopo. At least everything's close together. When I picked up the bento box, I asked about the udon noodle soup, which I think I'll try next time - noodles, broth, fish cake, scallions, carrot. Mmmm. Got home & started eating, and I confess I stole quite a bit of the BF's dinner. Er, I mean, I encouraged him to share. It was just so tasty! The beef & chicken were moist, a little spicy but not overwhelming, and pleasantly reminiscent of teriyaki BBQ. The egg cake, not really my thing so much, but okay. Edamame was what you'd expect, and the rice was good.
Looking forward to going back & eating in - the interior is pleasant & cute.Tuna Bibimbap is awesome! We've even replicated it at home. 
The environment is super casual. I've only ever eaten in once, and the rest of the times I've had take out, but someone else has ordered and picked it up, so I can't comment on the customer service. 
Also, I've only ever eaten the tuna bibimbap......but it's been consistent and delicious every time.This place is one of my favorite places to eat in Philly -- relatively cheap (not as cheap as it used to be, but still cheap) and super delicious. I love the spicy beef bowl. If I could, I would eat it every day. I never get tired of that thing. Sushi is pretty good too. 
My only complaint is I wish they were open more often!! Also, not a place to go for sit-down -- it's quite small.The bento box is what I pretty much always get here.  Of course, they have many different kinds of bento boxes, so there's plenty of variety.  The spicy beef is particularly good.  There's so much, I like eating some with the salad (mmm, ginger dressing); they should make that into a dish.  And they carry Honest Tea, for all those fans of just-a-tad-sweet drinks.  The place gets packed during peak hours, but that's just because it's good and inexpensive.I don't know if it's authentic Asian food or what, I just know it's delicious. Sometimes you don't want all the frills, but something simple and considerably healthy. 
My go-to dish: Brown rice bowl with broccoli and teriyaki salmon. 
The restaurant is small and intimate, so I don't think it would be suitable for a large group; only a couple tables and high bar window seating. 
I started going to the West Philly location due to convenience but this is definitely my preferred choice regarding taste and friendliness.This place has it easy with me...  they make my favorite foods, and they sell them for pretty cheap prices.  The quality of the various dishes seem to be consistently pretty good, though I must admit that almost always I just spring for the chicken curry rice bowl.  It's hot, very spicy, and always satisfying!
If you bring your own bowl they'll knock 50 cents off the price.  This probably won't drive anyone there for the incredible savings, but its a nice way to promote sustainable business practices.
All around a good place for a cheap, hot, spicy meal.I just discovered Tampopo and may or may not become a local haunt at this fantastic Japanese dive.  It is just what I've been looking for: a cheap, healthy, no thrills spot for week nights.  I got the bibimbob with tuna tonight and was so delighted.  There was the perfect ratio of vegetables to tuna to brown rice.  The staff was friendly and helpful for a newbie.  Tampopo, thank you.  You're just what I was missing.it is not good for Asian people ....the sauce is to sweet ..not spicy ...I don't like it...but it is  America style food ..if  can eat sweet ..you can choose it ...:(Very simple and quick asian fusion type cooking.  I will definitely be back.  Not much room to sit down however.Great for a casual lunch, dinner and especially takeout.  The food is consistently fresh, the service speedy and the price reasonable for what you get.  The hot spicy preparation (tofu, chicken, etc.) is so good.Had high expectations for such a well reviewed place. Small restaurant with half a dozen or so tables for some quick dining.
Got the tuna and salmon BBB with brown rice. It was light and healthy. But a little bland. I felt like I was eating a salad. It was also an appetizer sized portion, at least for me, your average guy with an average appetite. I was still hungry afterwards. 
We also tried the spicy soba salad, which was flavorful, tasty, and had a kick. I would have to say this salad was just as much of a meal as my BBB with brown rice.
Still, I enjoyed the fresh, light, healthy quality of the food. I guess it was probably also a "healthy" portion for lunch. 
Giving it a 3. For my 3 stars, I don't usually go back, but I am going to come back and give it another try  (So 3.5 stars, if it were possible).The foods were good! I like the spicy squid rice bowl. It's unique and tastes authentic, and also not basic.