We ventured here during our week of all Mexican food. We didn't plan it as such, but we can't get enough of fresh ingredients and simple eating. 
This place is a true gem. Meal started with some free chips and salsa. The salsa verde was tangy and packed some heat to it; so good. The original salsa was a bit on the "canned tomatoes" taste though.
We each got three tacos: grilled steak, al pastor, and chorizo. They were served on double corn tortillas (soft and delicate). The steak and al pastor were a bit on the dry side, but I will give them the benefit of the doubt that on another day it would be real moist. The chorizo was spot on. I didn't see tongue or any of the crazy parts on the menu, but I will try to ask them next time. Remember that these are served with just raw onions and cilantro. Nothing fancy, just tortilla, meat, and 2 toppings.
I am not a fan of the horchata though! It just wasn't for me. Too chalky and spicy, in the sense of spices like cinnamon.
Will be back, probably tomorrow :)Ok I am way obsessed with their jalapeno carne asada platter - I forget the true name of this dish but look for jalapeno and steak on the menu. It beyond the most amazing thing ever.my favorite byob spot at the moment! came here twice already and i am in love with their tacos! most recent visit, we got the chorizo, al pastor, tinga, and the cow tongue tacos and they were all very good! though, i have the say the chorizo and al pastor were probably my favorite.  All the food came at the speed of lightening and they're all very meaty! we also got the Alambre, which is the diced steak with peppers and onion with cheese on top! it is super flavorful and really hit the spot! it will definitely be a staple choice for when i come to veracruzana!  
PS. making a reservation beforehand is highly recommended!Told them I had a food allergy, served me something that had wheat. They told me they didn't know, but that's their job. I got sick, and they wouldn't even comp what they gave me. Pretty inexcusable. Also, the food sucks.
All that aside, our waitress felt so bad she comped me with her own money. She was a sweetheart, it was the cook and the manager's fault.The standard by which the others (in philly not Cali) are judged. Just super solid Mexican food. All is as it should be.A variety of food was ordered for the office in honor of first Friday lunch. The absolute highlight, the whole reason I am writing this review, is to shine spotlight on the Cuban chicken sandwich. Just imagine a thin crispy breaded cutlet on Cuban bread topped with cheese, avocado, jalapeño, lettuce, tomato, onion and mayo pressed to perfection. Not at all what I was expecting from a Mexican themed lunch but beyond pleased that I snatched one of these up before they were gone. I will make a point to eat here again!Good and cheap eats, must try the red sauce enchiladas best I have had  in the city very traditional, clean and home made! Their flautas which are rolled fried little taquitos are like crack! Also the burritos delicious and huge!I love it here. It'd be hard to find a better place in the city. Three tacos for 6 bux. Mix and match if you wish.  Tacos al pastor (pineapple-y pork) are great. Steak, too. And try the stuffed (with cheese) jalepeno taco. Lots of meat on 2 corn tortillas. What a deal. 
Take out or eat in.Great place for Mexican food! Authentic, cheap, and generous portions. I've had their burritos, fajitas, and tacos. The guacamole is incredible!Authentic Mexican food this is one of my favorites, I've ordered many dishes been pleased every time, they also make a mean breakfast, great serviceLiving just down the street from the Italian Market in South Philly, we discovered this little taqueria and have been so happy with it. Although the parking situation is a little sketchy (we actually park at the CVS and walk from there and have never had a problem with it!) but that's the only downside. 
Walk in, find a table on your own and a waitress will come soon with two salsas (red and green- both spicy) and thick, slightly greasy, crispy homemade tortillas. Careful though- they bring your drinks after the chips, so you might have a tongue-on-fire episode- you've been warned! 
We always get the 3 tacos for $6.95- grilled steak, chorizo, and pork & pineapple are all my favorites, but lately, to avoid the grease, I've just been getting the grilled steak. They all come with cilantro & lime. The guacamole is great and the burritos are filling (a little too much lettuce and cheese though). 
If you want something to drink that will quench the fire, go for the carrot and orange juice mix- delicioso! If you need beer instead, there's a little store two doors down that sells six-packs (how convenient!) and don't worry about a bottle opener- there's one on the wall of the taqueria!   
Tip: The tip is cash-only, so keep that in mind for the great service!
One day I'll go here for breakfast because the menu boasts some tasty sounding dishes...Try their Verdes  Chicken Enchilada's or their Jalapeno Stuffed Tacos, delicious!!! 
Urban food tours go here for a reason, some of the best taco's you'll eat!! And they are super affordable!  Their salsa's and tortas are delicious too.
Tips: Their Quesadillas are not what we think they are. Their Quesadilla's are dressed up taco's with all the fixings.  Which are still delicious. Their guac isn't bad. It's not the best. And I wasn't a fan of their burrito's but everything else I've had there is delicious especially their tacos!!I got the mushroom quesadilla and it was not what I expected, but that could be because I associate a quesadilla with the American version as opposed to the authentic version. I like the tortilla chips and they make an awesome horchata. It's a hole in the wall kind of spot - cool artwork on the walls, but everything else kind of made me dizzy (fan against light and hanging spinning decor) lol. Waitress was nice.Great mexican spot in Italian market district. The salsa verde was straight baller - so good and spicy. 
Ordered a bunch of tacos - pretty legit Mexican street tacos. Also ordered a Sope which was delicious. Washed it all down with some Horchata. Plus they were pumping the A/C during the summer, so can't complain.
BYOB - so don't forget to bring some beer or tequila.I went there with two friends, one of whom has a pretty severe gluten allergy. She informed the waitress, yet there was soy sauce in the fajita dish. After my friend became sick, nobody seemed to care at all, and the manager refused to refund the meal because my other friend shared it. Also, the food was just generally bad. I don't know why this place has such good reviews. Bad vibes.I love this spot. Used to come in here weekly when I worked near the Italian Market. 
I'm a fan of the tacos al pastor - three tasty tacos for $7! That's great!
Service is always friendly. This is one of my "go-to" spots.High hopes, high hopes. I had heard amazing things about this place so on my recent trip to Philly I had to try some tacos. 
1 chicken: Dry, boring.
1 carnitas: tender and moist, but lacking flavor. 
1 al pastor: Dry, boring. 
I tried my companion's enchiladas, in a smokey red sauce, and they were pretty good, but being that we were at a taqueria I really expected more from the tacos. The tortilleria near where I live offers up flavor sensations for the same price, and I don't need to go to Philly. 
They get major points for having excellent tortilla chips and two salsas (A cilantro/tomatillo based green sauce and a rich chipotle concoction). I am so tired of the watery shit I usually get.Looking for a cheap taco place in Philly, so I Yelped it....this place looked promising.  This is a modest, casual place located right near a bunch of fish and produce markets, and in fact adjacent to a huge Mexican grocery store.  Nice vibe in this neighborhood, a lot of hustle and bustle.    
My friend and I had a weekday lunch there.  There are about 8-10 tables in the dining room, and a prominent takeout counter.  The dining room was clean, sparse, very welcoming.  Actually surprisingly so, from the outside you might expect just a tiny little takeout joint.
We had a huevos rancheros and a pork/pineapple burrito.  Each was fresh, sizable, and delicious.  My eggs came doused in a big portion of spicy red (poblano?) sauce which at a glance looked like way too much sauce, but turned out to be perfectly portioned (and spiiiicy!)  They were served with refried beans and scrumptious complimentary chips with green and red salsa.  I also had a great coffee which was some sort of cinnamon brew, apparently the house blend.  Did not catch the name of it but I am glad I tried it, it was a nice complement.
The pork burrito was big, but expertly made such that the contents never burst out, even toward the burrito's butt-end.  It was delish but too much for my friend to handle, he killed about 3/4 of it.
The best part of the meal was the price----all the above-listed food for a total of $14.50 plus tip.
A very tasty and filling Mexican meal that's also a great bargain ... I will definitely come back to Veracruzana.Being from San Diego, CA, I have high standards for Mexican cuisine.  Let me cut to the chase: Taqueria Veracruzana easily met these standards.  I ordered the Al Pastor burrito per the waiter's recommendation and my decision was further validated by a fellow customer who said that is his go-to order.  The first thing that impressed me was the immense size of the burrito, all for the reasonable price of $7.  The ingredients inside blended beautifully together, with the highlight being the wonderfully cooked and seasoned pork.  I am so glad Taqueria Veracruzana exists, as it will help me combat homesickness while I live in Philly.After walking through the Italian Market and being super disappointed that all of the food there looked rather mediocre, I was happy to see Taqueria Veracruzana on Washington. 
I had remembered finding it on Yelp when looking for good Mexican food in the city that is reasonably priced, and decided to get a late lunch here. 
The menu is pretty extensive, and I wish I had come at a time when I was prepared to eat a full meal so I could sample several dishes. 
Instead, I split a dish of enchiladas de mole with an extra side of rice and beans. I was kind of disappointed that the mole was a mole verde, since I ordered it expecting a mole poblano. Had I known this was the case, I definitely would've ordered something else. 
But, the meal was pretty tasty, and was very affordable, too. It was under $15 including tip for what we shared. The price of Mexican food has definitely gone up at many restaurants, but the prices here are right.
While we were waiting for our food, a duo of two guys playing guitar and accordion and singing in harmony came in to perform.Good Mexican Food.  Solid and at the right price.
I am picky about my Mexican food and this place does it right.
I think the tacos are 3 for $6.00.  Do yourself a favor and get one of each.Campechano burrito was flavorless, maybe because the rice was flavorless and must of the burrito is just rice. Chicken enchilada did not come with the mole sauce that I ordered. Chicken was very dry inside. Horchata was a little too sweet but still refreshing and fresh. Best part of the meal was the salsa and refried beans.Best burritos in the city. Trust me. From center city, to south philly to northern liberties these are 100% the most flavorful, fresh, and delicious burritos. The prices are great. A bonus that you can order delivery on PostMates, and you may want to: the interior of the restaurant is old with bright lights..totally unappealing. But the food is great so don't let that stop you. BYOB.Great good and amazing prices. Potion sizes are very large. I highly recommend the mixed fujitas or chorizqueso.Went back 2nd time to give it another try since I did not have a good experience 1st time. Surprisingly great food this time - is that coz I did take out 1st time but dining in 2nd time? We ordered shrimp taco, fish taco and enchiladas... All done right this time. Glad I went back and defi will revisit sometime soon!  I also like how affordable this place is!!I've been coming here for years.  The salsa, chips and burritos are addicting, I crave them.  I've honestly not tried many other dishes because I can't seem to order anything but a burrito.  These burritos are HUGE.  I think there is American cheese in them, which is odd but totally works.
Service can be really slow some days and every once in a while you will get a waiter/waitress that has a hard time with English but they are nice and really try to figure out what you are asking for.I had a takeout order of al pastor tacos and churros, which happens to be fried in lard and costs $5. That alone won me over. Unfortunately, I found these spicy pork tacos very bland and found myself dousing it in the green and red salsas. I don't know what was with the tortillas, but I really enjoyed them. The churros were as expected: crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside. The chocolate sauce was just fantastic. Perhaps I'll come back and try something else, but I found the food overall underwhelming.Came here on a Wednesday night, I got the mushroom quesadillas which were very good, only criticism would be the cheese was not fully melted and for a quesadilla that was what I expected. My friend ordered the enchiladas suizas which were very good, highly recommend. The service was fast, the staff helpful and very accommodating to vegetarians. The food for the price is great! Will come by here again.Another great Mexican restaurant in South Philly. This place is located right next to the Italian Market on Washington Ave. The interior of the restaurant is very colorful and vibrant, making you feel like you're actually south of the border. They have complimentary chips and salsa. The salsa verde definitely has some bite to it so be prepared. They have a pretty extensive menu but I'll keep it short and sweet and tell you to order the Choriqueso. It was really well seasoned strips of steak with chorizo, peppers, onions and cactus mixed in and covered in cheese. It came with a side of rice and beans, as well as flour tortillas, which I used to craft my own tacos. Everything tasted so good and was definitely worth it for the portion you receive. I'm not sure that there is too much about this place that makes it stand out from other mainstays in the area (e.g. Prima Pizza, Blue Corn, etc) but I would absolutely still recommend Veracruzana to anyone looking to satisfy their fix for authentic Mexican. I know I will definitely be back to sample their other house specialties as well as their tacos, sopes and burritos.In 2005, Taqueria Veracruzana was not for vegetarians. The bean-based taco creation they made me (after they told me they didn't use lard, but in hindsight their English wasn't great) prompted explosive.... explusion... within 10 minutes of leaving the establishment. I was in the car when the stomach rumbles hit, stuck in traffic heading up Broad St., and it was one of the most physically uncomfortable moments in my life. Actually I've been carrying Alka-Seltzer on my person ever since. Not that it helps you find a toilet any faster, but it does help settle things down after a bad meal.The best authentic affordable Mexican food!   Everything here is good. I've been coming here over 10 years now and it stills good and reasonable price.  This place is byob and it can get crowded during dinner times.  If you haven't tried this place you are missing out big time. Put it in your bucket list.2nd time here and the place does not disappoint. I'm not positive of what is authentic but this tastes like it. The horchata is so tasty and light for a drink. All of the tacos are good and they have a variety. Good tort as too. Ambience is ok. Very small but sufficient. I will come backEvery so often I get a craving for Mexican and this is my go-to place.  This place offers decent Mexican at a fair price.  I've ordered delivery from here many times and have enjoyed their campechano and al pastor tacos.  Their chips and guacamole are excellent.  Delivery time is variable but usually pretty prompt.Zero ambience but the best tacos al pastor in the city.  
In order to avoid service problems:  Smile at your waitress as soon as you sit down.  And order what you need right from the start- refills of anything can be difficult to secure.  Even the check.  
Bring Your Own Beer!I loved the veggie burrito! Decent sized menu, nice staff, and it's great that they're open on the later side.  BYOB, delicious free chips & salsa, and wallet friendly. I'm looking forward to my next visit.I started going here back in like 2008 when I lived down S. Philly and I still go there Now they have the best quesadillas it's always pleasant every time I go not a place you'll regretIn the battle of South Philly Taqueria's, this is one of the more disappointing ones. I personally laugh at the idea of getting "authentic" Mexican in Philadelphia. The only place to get authentic Mexican is...gasp!...Mexico! And I've always said if something is good, who cares about authenticity. However, having said that: American cheese, Taqueria la Veracruzana?! Really?? That is barely meeting the legal definition of "cheese ." You're right smack in the middle of the Italian market. You can't shell out for a better quality of cheese? And maybe this is silly, but I've always felt if the servers at a taqueria don't even have accents, I might as well be at Taco Bell. A language barrier is part of the fun of a taqueria.
Now to be fair, the food is as good as Mexican usually is. But nothing really sets it apart from the rest of the Italian Market Taco Strip, except for the service. It's not the customer's fault that these girls hate their jobs. You've got to wave your arms, jump up and down, or set yourself on fire to get some attention. If I didn't force the issue of ordering and paying, I'd still be there right now, waiting.
So all in all, the food is good, but I can't get past the stench of fraudulence.Absolutely delicioso! Authentic Mexican dine in or delivery, cheap and first on my list when I'm hungry for a burrito...they are the size of a footlong Ameroso! How can you not?This place is amazing:, cheap and delicious!  We came here for brunch and we loved all of the scrambled eggs dishes.  The scrambled eggs was topped with melted cheese, crema, fried poblano peppers and onions. Totally delicious! We discovered totopos (small fried flauta/tortilla chip rolled up and stuffed with cheese).  Their Guacamole was yummy.. We also got their chicken salsa verde Enchiladas which was great as well. I can't wait to come back and try their burritos.Born and raised in California. East coast Mexican food I refuse to eat (and doesn't matter if Mexicans work there). I always get disappointed when people tell me try this place or that place. For east coast it's good, but if this was in California it'd be a 1 star. Decent enough to eat when I really really really want a taco.I've been here on a couple of occasions and I am looking forward to the next trip I can make. I've tried a couple of different dishes, and am anxious to try more! I'd recommend this place to almost anyone who wants a more adventurous mexican experience than the usual.I've walked by this place more times than I can count...and now that I've tried their food, I'm sorry I waited so long to check it out.  
The ambiance isn't stellar, but the food is.  I had takeout...tacos al pastor and chips with guacamole.  The food is reminiscent of what I had when I was off the beaten path traveling in Mexico...and the prices are excellent for what you get.
If you want Americanized Mexican food, walk on by.  If you want authentic Mexican food, check out Taqueria Veracruzana.Another stellar, authentic taqueria at Philadelphia's Italian-but-really-now-an-even-cooler-mix -of-Asian-Italian-Mexican-and-Guatemalan Market.
Service is friendly and prompt. You won't wait long until you are served a heaping bowl of homemade chips with two salsas, including a delicious salsa verde.
Menu is - more or less - authentic Mexican with some TexMex, like giant burritos, thrown in for good measure. I had the chicken burrito, which was gigantic -- well, all the items on the menu are gigantic -- and filled with fresh avocado, rice, white cheese, high-quality chicken, salsa and refried beans. Could barely finish it. My sister and her husband were very pleased with their enchiladas verdes, while my mom also loved her quesadillas, which were served in a unique style -- sort of lightly friend tortillas wrapped around huge portions of quesadilla filling. 
Prices are outstanding for a full-service restaurant with most of the aforementioned items coming in at about $7ish.A nice casual sit down Mexican spot in the Italian market. They include complimentary chips with salsas that both have a spicy kick to them. The menu is extensive, with tacos, burritos, quesadillas, tortas, entrees, and more. There's even a breakfast menu centered around eggs that is served in the mornings. I got the choriqueso, an entree with steak, chorizo, cactus, and some peppers all stir fried together and topped with cheese. It was served with rice, retried beans, and tortillas. The flavors were amazing, especially with the chorizo contributing a salty and spicy kick. Definitely recommend trying this place!I love mexican food and have tried the best of the best and this place is the best!
GUACAMOLE!!!! Is all i have to say. Freshest tasting and the chips were to die for.  Everything else was just as perfect.
Staff was extremely friendly and accommodating. Oh and their bathrooms were really clean...(thats always a good thing :-)Awesome affordable BYOB Mexican meal. We had a group of 11 and the servers were very accommodating. Our entire party got burritos ($7 each) which were loaded with meat, avocado, rice, beans etc. None of us left hungry. Will absolutely come back.Delicious!  Delectable!  Yum, yum, yum!   While the menu doesn't yield any exclusively vegetarian/vegan options, I've never went with a meat-eater and we've always left satiated and ecstatic!  That being said, I've never had any of their traditional items.  Each time we get their cactus sautéed in onions and oil, guacamole, refried beans and rice, corn tortillas, as well as their chips and two-salsa combo, and each time, it's more than enough to feed two, we're bringing extra home, and we love it!!!   If you haven't tried cactus, I'd highly recommend it.  It tastes a bit like pepper with a zest of its own.  Enjoy!!!This is my go-to place for Mexican food. The place is really amazing for dine-in (includes chips with two fresh and spicy salsas) or delivery (15-20 minutes within one mile radius of this place). I always get the Al Pastor filling for my burritos or quesadillas, although their carnitas tastes great too. The portions are huge, so if you're hungry a plate of tacos or a burrito will definitely fill you up. The only downside is that the service at the actual restaurant is a bit slow, but there's only 2 servers there at the most. Luckily, the place is small enough where you can get their attention easily. And you can never say no to their flan, which is light and fluffy.Every time I come into this place and see people getting the tacos and burritos and going out of their minds over how great/bad they are, I can't help but softly whisper "suckerrrrrs!!". Don't get me wrong, they're OK, but what you should be eating here are the main entrees, like the alambre, steak with cactus, shrimp in tequila sauce, seafood stew... they will truly rock your tastebuds. They're a little more expensive, but two people could share one of those alone, I make two meals out of them. I used to go to Morning Glory and Sabrina's for breakfast, but when the lines grew too long, I turned to Taqueria Veracruzana and discovered awesomeness. The breakfast items are all in the $6 or $7 range and includes free chips, salsa, and warm tortillas. My personal fav is the huevos pobalnos- a medley of poblano peppers, onion, and fresh corn topped with eggs and cream and oxaca cheese with a creamy tomato sauce drizzled all over it. There's so much food, I usually only need to eat one more meal, much, much later in the day. I've been going there for about two years now and have resisted spreading the word about them.. but I don't want them to go out of business. People, don't get the burritos and tacos, they're not nearly as good as everything else. You won't regret it. NOTE: This is not "el vez" or some other scene/hipster place, it is not romantic or pretentious, also be prepared, there are, *gasp* dare I say it, real live Hispanics who frequent the joint. There are some waitresses who speak English better than others, but you can leave your Spanish-English dictionaries at home, they can all take your order. This may not be the place for you if are uncomfortable with people who speak languages other than English.From the outside this place appears to be a large grimy taco and burrito shack.  But when you walk inside, the restaurant is only about 1/3 of the building, and is actually decent inside.  Nothing fancy, but it is clean, has plenty of room, and they have "really cute" mosaic tables.
After ordering a pork and veggie burrito to go, they said it would be about 10 minutes so we grabbed a seat and watched the world cup final for a bit (they have a TV in the front corner of the restaurant).
While waiting the waitress brought some sort of seafood dish to the guy at the table next too us, and it looked amazing.  Once I saw it, I had one of those moments where I wanted to cancel my order and just say "I want that" and point at the lucky guy's plate.
The burritos were not what I was expecting.  The pork burrito had refried beans, rice, pork, and cheese (i think it was white american cheese)  but also had lettuce, avocado, and tomatoes. The veggie burrito was the exact same minus the pork.  
Both burritos were huge, so we got two meals out of them, I actually liked them better cold, because with the lettuce and tomatoes they reminded me of giant sandwich wrap, more than a burrito.
For a great burrito, I would suggest going somewhere else, but I would suggest coming here from some delicious looking Mexican dishes, I am looking forward to going back and trying more of their offerings.I've had everything on the menu and never have I had one bad word to utter.  Absolutely love this place.  Great staff and big bonus? It's a BYOB with a liquor store a couple doors down.  If you want authentic Mexcian food at a reasonable price, skip the chain restaurants and take a journey to this gem.Tried the mixed taco plate. Chorizo, Carnitas, and chicken. The chicken was pretty good but the chorizo and the carnitas were absolutely amazing. Also loved the complementary chips and salsa. Will definitely return whenever I'm back in the Philly area.this place is the mad note. my favorite mexican eatery ever.Only ate here once and it didn't blow my mind but I wasn't disappointed. I was glad to watch Dora the Explorer while I waited for my food.Well...you might miss this place going past Washington Ave but I read the reviews looking for authentic Mexican food and decided it was worth a try. I got the 3 taco combo which is sooo affordable and had the pastor, steak and chorizo. My husband had this big mishmosh of a platter which was only 15 bucks of beef, chicken, shrimp with peppers with fresh tortillas. Very flavorful and the corn tortillas were great. The chips and salsa were plenty with their mole salsa and salsa verde. I would definitely go back because 1. it's affordable 2. it's good.- TIP:  Nachos are not on the menu, but they'll make them for you...and they are excellent.
- CON:  Service is inconsistent.
- BOTTOM LINE:  Out of 3 of the strongest BYOB Mexican places in the area/city (El Jarocho, Quetzally, Veracruzana), this one has the highest quality entrees and the most space for big groups.The best tacos in South Philly! Their sauce is delicious and made fresh daily! The tacos are 3 for $8 and you get a generous amount of vegetables with the tacos (cactus, scallion bulb, radish, lime). I usually get the bistec asado  (steak) and campechanos  (pork and steak) tacos. The Pollo  (chicken) steak is not as flavorful and tends to be dryer. Love the tacos here and the hours are even better! They open late night after most businesses are closed!Fantastic food!! We were all satisfied!! Churros were awesome with the chocolate dipping sauce!!... Will order again through UberEats!!A favorite, but they WILL NOT honor Restaurant.com certificates even though the website insists that they are required to even if they stop future offers.AY AY AY AY AY!
My love for Mexican food has been hard to sate since I left San Diego all those years ago. It's just hard to find an abundance of good Mexican food when it's so far away, but thankfully these immigrants have crashed landed into the Italian Market because they hit the spot so well, I barely feel the need to whip up a $400 round trip ticket to California just to eat right.
They're super friendly and the service has never been bad the handful of times I've eaten there. The Spanish soaps on TV never fail to entertain while you munch on delicious chips and damn good guac, awaiting what's guaranteed to be a splendid meal of flavors sure to make that butt assplode the next day.
The entrees are so yummy I find myself craving them at least once a week. The flank steak with the grilled jalapenos are amazing, the sides of Mexican rice [perfect!] and beans is just too much. The spices, the delicately cooked meat, it blends very, very well.
I've yet to try the burritos as I'm very, very particular to the ones I splurge on in Southern California and hate being disappointed, but perhaps one day I'll nut up and take the plunge.Great great great tacos!  I biked out here one day because I really wanted some authentic Mexican food and I actually read all the other Yelp reviews to find it.  I've been there twice now (only because it's kind of a trek).  When you first sit down, they bring you out a bowl of homemade chips and different types of salsa.  I prefer the red kind but I mix it with the green sometimes.  We ordered the chicken, beef and chorizo tacos and they were all really delicious and cheap.  The meat is a little on the fatty side but I say it's worth it if you're going once in a while.  They also put freshly cut raw onions on there with cilantro and they give you plenty of lime slices.  It's also BYO which is awesome.  I haven't tried their other menu items but there are definitely lots of other options.  I saw a big mix of people there--Latinos, typical grad students, families, etc.  The place wasn't packed but there was a constant flow of people for dinner.  I went back for lunch and there's outdoor seating in the back with not much of a view (it's not in the best part of Philly) but it was nice to eat outdoors in the spring.  I definitely can't wait to go try some more tacos again!Good value, fast delivery. Horatio J. is not a religious person but he highly rates the al pastor tacos. Paired with cold beer and guacamole and chips, the tacos really hit the spot.no atmosphere and service is so so but the carnitas tacos make it all worth it.  the guac and chips are really good too.  bring some modelos and you're set!This restaurant is amazing. I checked out the reviews before arriving and I was very excited because the pictures seemed promising - as a Mexican struggling to find Mexican food I deem a respectable quality in Philly, I had high hopes. It's a small restaurant with a loaded menu. Everything looked amazing - the menu is Spanish with English translations under everything. I was there for dinner so I went to the "platters" section. The waitress was wonderful, very attentive, and the service was fast - you get tortilla chips and DELICIOUS green and red salsas to start. I asked her what platter she preferred and went with her suggestion. I forgot I wanted an horchata and she added that to my order seamlessly, bringing it out maybe a minute after I requested it. The food came out quickly, too - steaming hot and SO GOOD. I got the arrachera plate - it was a hefty portion with tortillas, rice, beans, pico de gallo, jalapeños, and delicious cuts of beef. I felt like I was home. My friends also enjoyed their large burritos (7$ for a steak burrito!!) and tacos (such large tacos!!). The prices are ridiculously reasonable and the food is amazing. Definitely worth a visit. Oh, and it's BYO. Classic. I'll definitely be returning.After just one visit, I already put this on my list of favorite byob restaurants. The food was incredible and even more reasonably priced. Great place to eat with friends and large parties!this place is amazing! the fact that you can get 3 different tacos for 6 dollars and you get to watch telanovelas while eating them, makes it my new favorite place. the green salsa for the chips is spicy, but pretty darn good too.Campechano burrito was flavorless, maybe because the rice was flavorless and most of the burrito is just rice. Chicken enchilada did not come with the mole sauce that I ordered. Chicken was very dry inside. Best part of the meal was the salsa and refried beans.went here for cinco de mayo, the chips and salsa was amazing, their tacos are great! i didn't really enjoy my meal. it was the hawaiian something with ham. it tasted like chinese fried rice lol but next time i go, i'm just going to order every single taco on their menu cause it was pretty amazingggReally really good tacos right here in Philly. 
The carnitas was friggin' AWESOME.  Carne Asada left a little to be desired.  Free salsas that came with the chips were REALLY outstanding.  
After living in California for years I find it very difficult to locate Mexican food worth eating east of the Mississippi, but I have to admit - this place would kill it in California, it's that good.   I'll be back again and again.Went here for dinner on Friday to wind down after finals week... was not dissapointed. I got the 3 tacos for $6 (two grilled steak and one chicken) my friend got three pork and pineapples because "they are just so good." I had to agree with him after trying my own tacos. The grilled steak was somewhat bland, the chicken was better, but they didn't compare with the pork. Luckily he traded me one, to be nice.
The complementary chips and salsa were great, next time I would like to try the guacamole to add some more substance. I got a chocolate milkshake on a whim, but it was really more like chocolate milk... next time I'm going to get a Mexican coke. Because there will definitely be many more next times. Hooray.I don't know if they are authentic, but I do know that they have the best burritos and tres leches cake I have had thus far in this city, as well as the best salsa rojo and salsa verde i have ever had anywhere (including Mexico).I am rating this restaurant two stars not because the food itself was bad, per say.  Rather, what was in the food was not acceptable.
I appreciated the wealth of chips provided, and the service was certainly adequate for a small Mexican restaurant.  My order consisted of two Mexican Coca-Colas in the glass bottles and tacos al pastor.
The first soda arrived fine and was quite tasty (much better than American Coca-Cola).  The second soda, however, had a clearly visible label attached to the coke label.  It was a giant sticker hanging, no protruding, off the side of the bottle.  I don't know how the server didn't see it.  It was a label for an apple flavored drink, clearly not supposed to be there.  Whatever, I said.
Then the tacos al pastor arrived.  I actually quite enjoyed them, in particular the chunks of actual pineapple.  I find actual bits of pineapple to be missing in many tacos al pastor at different Mexican restaurants around the city.  I ate all three tacos.........  and then, literally on my last bite..... I found a giant twist-tie in the food -- just like the kind you bag your produce in the grocery store with, or close your loaf of bread.  The twist-tie was green, and I felt like I almost broke my tooth.
For these reasons of cleanliness and product presentation, next time I'll probably just go to Plaza Garibaldi across the street.  I've had no bad experiences there.$6 for three deliciously filling tacos.
I recommend the chorizo tacos. Yes they'll be dripping off oil like a slice of pizza, but it's worth it. I've had a couple of their other tacos (I think the steak and chicken) and they're a bit dry, especially compared to their chorizo ones.Had a craving for tacos last night while running errands and we found this place because they are open late night. I'm glad we found them! I love al pastor and their al pastor tacos were great--the tacos had great flavor and were very filling. The tacos come in threes, so I asked for one grilled steak taco, but they didn't inform me it would cost extra (helpful if they would've told me). The grilled steak was a bit more tough than I would've liked though. Their salsa verde was incredible--perfect amount of spiciness and tang. The horchata and flan were good too, as well as the service. My boyfriend also raved about their chips and salsa that come complimentary!I don't normally hate on businesses (2/3 of my reviews are 4-5 stars), but fcuk this place, seriously. I really want to like Veracruzana, as evidenced by coming back here three times after unsatisfying experiences.  
Went here a fourth and final time to wait nearly 30 mins (when it was well past rush hour) for a horrible "chicken" burrito that was basically a vegetarian burrito, with the same un-melted cheese slice and unsliced tomato like last time. Numerous (Latino) customers came after me and got served ahead of me.  I'll spend my money elsewhere.I popped in last night on a whim and let me tell you, I was delighted with my experience.
I have been living in this city for almost 7 years and surprisingly finding quality authentic Mexican food at a decent price has been a little bit of a challenge. This place made up for all my past struggles. 
First things first , this place is true hole in the wall but there is ample seating and the staff is very friendly. They also have a take out option which is cool. Once seated, you are served an order of chips, with two salsas, one being a verde salsa and a red. The verde was phenomenal, probably the best I have ever had, no joke. It has plenty of spice, which I love. It was also fresh and wasn't too thick or runny. 
I ordered the Tacos Al Pastor. The Tacos pork was wonderfully seasoned and the toppings were great, fresh cilantro, onions and pineapple slices.  For 6 bucks you get three but they are a great size. That and a Mexican Coke and I was pretty happy. My only gripe was they served me a few lemons instead of limes with my Tacos but I could live with it. The best thing was my entire bill was only 9 bucks! In this city that's epic.
I have to mention they do have a pretty extensive menu, so I'm looking forward to trying other fare.
I have to say this is probably my favorite Taco spot in the city.  Do yourself a favor and check this place out. If your looking for that no bull Taco shack that won't break your bank, this is the place!Amazing food at honest prices, the most friendly service I've seen in Philly. Try the green sauce enchiladas, they're amazing!!As a lover of all things burrito, this place is pretty rad. I've eaten here about 4 times total. The atmosphere inside isn't much to write about. It's clean enough, there's a television, tables and chairs....you get the picture. 
I always order the vegetarian burrito. They use a little too much rice for my liking, and the cheese is seemingly white american...but I can't say that I care too much. The rest of it is great....particularly the abundant use of avocado. That's really all I care about. 
Now that The Joint is no longer (r.i.p. best burrito in the universe) this is my second favorite burrito in Philly (after the Cantina's). 
I've also had the chips and guacamole. Pretty AOK by me!!I try to give a chance this place again bout food but still the worst mexican food ever I ate!! Mostly cuz they cook with everything come on "cans" too bad nice location and place!!Wow.  What a great burrito.  I had the grilled steak (bistec asada a la parilla) and it was delicious.  The meat was well done and flavored and it come with tomatoes, lettuce, onions, avocado, cheese, rice & refried beans.  The best part was the green sauce (tomatillo).  Very fresh and refreshing with the tortilla chips and the burrito.  I wish I found this years ago.Easily one of the best Mexican places I've ever been to. It's a hole in the wall kind of place, with a very traditional Mexican feel to it. And, BYO tequila! 
The server brought us tortilla chips and 2 kinds of salsa for while we waited. The salsa was a spicy chipotle style, very delicious. I ordered the tilapia fish tacos, and they came 3 to a plate. They were phenomenal-  grilled just right, perfect seasoning, great sauce. I annihilated my plate, it was so good. Up there with the best I've ever had. I also had the opportunity to try the pork tacos - they were made with pineapples and had a perfect amount of sweetness. 
I can't wait to go back and try something else!Best mexican food in South Philly that I have tried so far! I loved the carnitas tacos and BYOB is a plus! If you're looking for real mexican food in a down to earth place, this is it.Humble, no pretense, simple and authentic, country-style Mexican food. This is my go-to Mexican spot, when I don't care about ambience, vibe or decor and only want to eat humbly prepared Mexican food that reminds me of countless Mexican trips. If you're a vegetarian, the stuffed jalapeño tacos are not to miss.Hands down my favorite taco stop in Philly.  I cant imagine stopping at the other places in the area, all of which are less generous.  The chips with two great salsas are brought out even if you only order the 3 tacos for $6!  That and a glass of water is a hell of a (quick) meal for ...did I mention it was only $6!? yeah.. I might've.  I suppose I should branch out and try their other stuff but damn, I love those tacos, especially the el pastor, though one time in a hurry I just said pork and they came with fresh scallions and herbs on top and it was easy enough to forget all about the pineapple chunks, though I love em.
Sharing this with friends makes me understand a little what it was like to be a missionary.Just awesome! Read my Cantina review. I basically ask you to leave the Cantina and come here for the real thing. Just sublime, wholesome, kick-ass burritos and other authentic delights. Complete with a boutique next door selling all kinds of Latin American Christian art, candles, etc. Please while shopping around the Italian Market make your way here for lunch or whatever. You won't be disappointed, or at least I wasn't ever.Hmm, does this place even need reviews?
This establishment has been a Mexican rock, an institution, since before I moved to this fair city of El Amor Fraternal.
The food is exceptional, the portions are satisfying, and the price is perfect.
There is also outside seating, a parking lot, an amazing little grocery store right across said parking lot, and who can resist the mural of Nuestra Señora de Guadalupe.....not I.Been here SOO many times.  The area to get to this place is a bit sketchy but the restaurant is well worth it. It's my favorite Mexican restaurant. 
I've gotten the veggie enchiladas, the veggie fajita and it's always really good. They can make it spicy for you too if you ask but usually the food isn't crazy spicy. 
 They ran out of rice once which made me sad and DON'T get their coffee-it's terrible and they give you some milk powder instead if real milk.Came here for a friend's birthday dinner because 1) the tacos looked amazing and 2) it's BYOB. I had a cake delivered through GrubHub earlier that afternoon, and the workers were more than happy to accept the cake and keep it in their freezer as a surprise until the party! It's a small spot with not much seating so if you're going with a larger party, I'd recommend making a reservation, but fantastic food and service. There were about 10 of us and we ended up paying only $15 each (including tax, tip, and covering the birthday boy's meal). A little out of the way for those living in the city, but definitely worth the trek!I came here last week after missing out on Paesano's and this didn't disappoint. I guess I was still in the mood for a sandwich, since I went with the Cubana Torta. Very delicious and filling, just what you need after walking around the Italian Market. My friend got the pork tacos, which were also very tasty. Great chips and authentic salsa (2 kinds - 1 green, 1 red) with free refills. Staff seems very courteous and accommodating. I look forward to coming back and trying something else! Definitely worth a visit.This is THE place to go for amazing tacos in Philly. So cheap, and it's always on my mind when I want Mexican. The service is a bit slow, but it's always just one waitress, so I really don't mind. Plus, it's worth the wait. 
You can tell it's legitimate Mexican food because the place always has Mexican television on. I can't understand Spanish, but being a San Diego native, it makes it feel like those really great Mexican places back home.I usually talk trash about Yankees trying to taco (see: Boston), but these people got it. Almost like San Antonio; very humble, inexpensive, no snobbery, good as all get out.Easily one of my favorite places to grab Mexican food in the city. It is everything you look for in a casual Mexican establishment.  My favorite thing to get is there cubana torta. This sandwich is comfort food of the gods! The thing is a perfect mix of meat and avocado and egg.  A certified party in your mouth for all of about $10.  The best thing is that this sandwich is so massive IT GETS YOU TWO MEALS! I'm a big guy and usually I can only fit half in my belly only because I get full off of chips and salsa :P  Oh and this place is a BYO so grab your favorite 6-pack and a few friends and go! (And if you're too lazy to carry your beer across the city no fear! There is a beer place a few doors down!) Good eats, cheap price and fast service make this place a keeper.Don't go for the atmosphere or decor. This place is a no frills experience however the food is brilliant! Amazing food, outstanding shrimp taco's, super service, cheap and stocks Mexican coke. What more could you want?I've been searching for good, non-Chipotle/TexMex-style Mexican food here for some time.  This is about the only place I've found up to par.  I recommend you start with some of the plainer dishes like burritos or the breakfast menu first before you work your way up to the entrees, which might have some unusual (and strong) combinations of spices.its they only mexican restaurant that i have been to and enjoyed. my first time there i order the burrito, its portion is nice and big well woth the money but i personally didnt it, maybe it was the meat. im willing to try it again. I absolutely love there chicken quesadillas. love this place, its one of those holes in the wall. also very affordable and its Byo!This my and my girlfriends go to spot for Mexican. It's affordable and the food is amazing. It's Byob, with a convenient store next door that sells beer so you can bring over of your up for drinks.Oh my goodness! This place is absolutely OFF THE WALL!
It's a byob, the tacos are absolutely fantastic and the salsa is super authentic and fantastic!
I've visited Mexico twice and this place is as close as it comes to authentic Mexican cuisine in Philly! 
I can't wait to come back with other friends and my boyfriend!!!
Great job! :)I quelled my pre-Italian market hunger pans by visiting Veracruzana. After a delicious huevos rancheros with some spicy salsa, I was set. Word of warming, this place can get/is very busy, so you may have trouble finding seating. Once you order, things move along pretty quickly. Love it.Perfect right after the phillies opener I jumped in a cab and told him to take me to a good authentic Mexican place! Guac was awesome and fresh and tacos were right on point! And 25 bucks  for two entrees n gauc was very reasonable!  I would def go back!Ok, maybe I am just not getting it. The food was mediocre. The decor was nil. Our server seemed incredibly distracted. I will give them one star for trying to and having a different menu then the typical Mexican place. But there were two incidents that will make me never go back. 
1 - our server picked up the dirty, dripping wet, front door mat, took it outside, beat against the railing and then brought it back inside and laid it back down into the same dirty puddle it was originally in. She then went back to serving food and working in the kitchen without washing her hands. Check please!
2 - server number two picking up trash & trash can in bathroom and once again returning to serving food without washing hands. 
I will admit I am a bit of a clean freak but seriously this was gross. 
So in short my first visit shall also be my last.Very fresh, authentic (how would I know?) and cheap Mexican food.  Wandering around the Italian Market I had a craving for Mexican food.  Forgot the name of the place everybody goes to (Plaza Garibaldi) and found this place across the street.  I'm glad I did.  The waitress recommended the Quesadillas as a "light" meal.  I ordered steak, chicken and Mexican sausage (chorizo) as my 3 selections.  I liked the chorizo the best but it had some heat so one was enough.  The steak wasn't the best cut, but that's to be expected in a quesadilla.  The veggies were fresh and delicious.  I was practically licking the plate by the end.
They serve Mexican Coca-Cola in 330 ml glass bottles or domestic in 20 oz plastic bottles (why would you?) for the same price.
As mentioned, the chips and salsa (and salsa verde) were delicous.  I wanted to steal leftover chips from the next table just finish all of the salsas.
As previously stated, the ambiance is nothing special.  The staff is behind a sliding glass window like a takeout joint, but who cares if the food is good?  Plus Univison is damn entertaining in small doses.Best authentic Mexican restaurant in Philly!! Portions are ridiculously huge, prices are great and food is mouth watering.  Plus, homemade Horchata, Jamaica, and Tamarindo drinks are delicious!!Based on the rave Yelp! reviews, we decided to give Veracruzana a try. On a Saturday night during prime dinner time, they were packed and we waited about 15 minutes for  a table.  I saw this as a good thing.  I mean, who waits for crappy food?!
When we were seated, chips and salsa were promptly brought to our table.  However, we had to flag down our server for beverages after waiting for about 10 minutes. Our friends brought tequila in hopes that Veracruzana would have mixers, which they didn't. If you BYO, you're better off bringing wine or beer or some pre-made margarita mix to coincide with your tequila. 
The menu is extensive and I found it difficult to choose, but I settled on chicken that had been slow-roasted in tomatoes.  I figured this would make a nice, juicy and delicious taco.  One of my friends ordered the al pastor tacos because it seemed to be the dish everyone raved about.
We waited awhile for our food and I'm not sure why, as my tacos were very dry and it looked like something I could throw together at home in mere minutes. There was no evidence that the chicken had been stewed in anything; rather, it looked as if it had been boiled and shredded the day prior.  The taste was almost flavorless and I had to lather it with salsa and sour cream.
My friend said the al pastor tacos were just okay and my husband enjoyed his meal, although we both agreed that our local mexican take-out joint is far superior.
The redeeming part of our night was how cheap our bill was.  Despite this place's affordability, there's better mexican food to be had elsewhere in the city.I don't get the hype this place has.  Maybe I was here on an off night, or maybe they got a new cook, but I was underwhelmed with the food.  I am giving this place dos estrellas because the staff is very friendly.  
I got tacos, my boyfriend got a burrito, and we split rice and beans.  The meat of the tacos had an odd seasoning and tasted like it was cooked a few days ago.  It also wasn't the right texture i.e. carne asada.  My boyfriend's burrito was the worst though.  About 90% lettuce, very skimpy on the other fillings and, like another poster mentioned, there was a cheese in there that resembled white Kraft singles.  Ugh!  The rice and beans were nothing special, the beans had that weird stale taste that my tacos had.  The chips & salsa were the best part of the meal : /
When we got home about 20 mintues after leaving, we both got tummyaches, and I had this horrid taste in my mouth that I could only rectify the next day with tacos from El Jarocho.
I wanted to like this place, I really did. 
 They do own a store across the parking lot which has been a lifesaver.  Skip the restraunt and go to the store for hard to find goodies.I recently visited Veracruzana with some friends who had seen a write up in a paper.
As other reviewers will agree, there is no ambiance here however, it does seem authentic and the staff was generally friendly.
Although the portion sizes of the various dishes were plentiful nothing here was especially extraordinary. I personally tried the Al Pastor burrito based on recommendation and found it to be lacking real flavor. I found the prices to be average. I don't feel like I got a great deal for the money.
Overall, Veracruzana isn't a terrible choice but I doubt I will visit again. 
You will find me at (and I suggest you visit) one of the Cantinas for their amazing although, not necessarily authentic, take on Mex.I went for the first time.  Pros: the food was good. I order the al pastor tacos " 3 for 6 bucks and the shrimp tacos 3 for 9 bucks " which ain't too bad.  The staff being Mexican is a plus cause it is Mexican food
Cons: I had to tell them that I was going to eat there, It looks like the majority of their business is take out cause the place was empty.  The first table I was going to sit in was dirty with leftover food. When I finally sat down and ordered, I notice the floor under the table was slippery. The chip were cool,  the red salsa was not too good but the salsa verde was awesome the only thing was that it was cold....
Overall: I'll would go back cause the food was good and its authentic Mexican food and the prices are reasonable.  If you go just find a table and sit down, the glass soda bottle with the Spanish writing was pretty cool tooDelicious. I had the tacos al pastor (usually not a big fan of pork) and they were delicious, with crisp onions and slivers of pineapple on top. Probably the best tacos in the Italian Market section. Perfect for a casual taco run.This is my favorite Méxican restaurant. Been going there for over ten years. Got my fiancé hooked on it. For me the best sandwich they have is the Cuban sandwich. I[1/6/07 Update: several friends have recommended I go back and get tacos instead, so I will give this place another shot. But for real, don't get the burrito.]
I don't have time to write a full review, but just avoid this place. I had a burrito, but it was like a burrito hoagie, and horrible. 
$7, no chips included, gristly beef, american cheese, whole tomato and onion pieces (NOT salsa!) and some random chunks of avocado. 
No real Mexican taqueria should make overpriced Chipotle and Qdobo look like bargains, and yet Veracruza does just that.Coming from San Diego (30 minutes from the border), I am a little snobby when it comes to Mexican food. Ever since I moved to Philly, I have only been severely disappointed with every Mexican restaurant I have tried. However, this is the closest to real you can get in Philly. 
$6 taco platters: probably the ONLY thing I will get if I come back here again.
burritos: $7 for maximum rice and minimal meat. Beef was LOW quality and BLAND. 
+FREE CHIPS!
I was also ecstatic when I saw they had horchata, but it literally tasted like water. 
If I were back in San Diego, this place would get a 2, but in comparison to everywhere else I have tried in philly, this place gets a 4.In my opinion, the best taco/mexican place in philly area. 
Authentic, a little too authentic, if you count the drunk ppls who may be lurking inside and around the area.   its BYOB.
But way worth it, if you want real mexican food. 
the bistec is good.
on the weekend a guitar guy comes and plays inside, if you tip him he will sing a request for you "besseme mucho", anyone?
if you want off street parking, nice tables and chairs, then forget it.
but if you want real mexican plates, burritos and tacos, this is your place.Veracruzana was.... not good, so I'm not really sure what the buzz is about.  The chips were standard--served with two kind of salsa (but not the amazing pico de gallo that other Yelpers speak of).  The stand-out of the meal was the guac which was solid and plentiful.  The entrees and service were big disappointments though.  I ordered 2 beef and one pork quesadillas--I received tacos though.  I would have said something to the waitress, but she was clearly more focused on watching the TV in the corner than doing her job.  The tacos were incredibly bland, and I actually only ate one of them (the stewed beef) and left the pork and grilled beef.  My hubby got the chicken fajitas, which were mediocre.  The rice was ok, but everything else was very "meh".Obsessed with this place. It's tasty. Really tasty. Chicken? Steak? Pork with pineapple? Chile relleno?  They're all amazing. Be sure you don't fill up on the complimentary fresh-fried chips and two salsas, which are addictive like you wouldn't believe. I'm talking addictive like the stuff A&E reality shows are made of.
We also enjoy the guacamole, which is always creamy and fresh. Do yourself a favor and wash your meal down with a bottle of Mexican Coke or a tall glass of horchata and you'll be a happy camper without breaking the bank.  The ambience might not be the best ever, but who needs it to be? I can sit outside with my pup and enjoy my tacos, and sometimes that's all I want to do. As long as the service is friendly and the food good, this place earns four solid stars in my book.The only reason to justify the place's rating right now is the huge portions. When they say it's huge, they mean it's HUGE! The plates are filled with food, and for the price I agree you can't really beat that. But if you have taste buds but at all, I would find it hard to believe you would come to like this place. I went there for dinner with my boyfriend and his friends. We all ordered different things for dinner, and everyone's came out bland. The chicken in my dish actually tasted like fried eggs (which I can only imagine came from the flavor of my bf's friend's order - he had the fried steak, which he bit into probably 4 or 5 times), the beef tasted like well, nothing but black pepper, and the salsa made me scream "omg how the hell can you call this salsa?!?!" Besides all that, I'm still in disbelief of how the rice that they serve there is 5-minute microwavable rice. For 15 bucks a plate, are you f-ing kidding me? Sorry of the language, but for pete-s sake, it's a restaurant, and I'm paying freakin 15bucks, and you can't even serve me real rice.
So, if you like a huge plate load of bland, no-flavor or possible fried egg flavor food with 5 minute microwavable rice, Taqueria Veracruzana is the place for you.Amazing tacos! The green hot sauce is a must...they need to put it in super fresh and bottom dollar nationwide.I felt like I was transported back to southen California when I stopped in here yesterday. Fantastic fresh chips and massive burritos. The only negative about the taqueria is that there are very limited vegetarian options. All in all, a fantastic spoti love taquerias. i don't like chain mexican restaurants. that said, i opened my "veggie burrito" to find large tomato slices (not salsa), no rice even though it was advertised (which is ok because i don't like too much of it anyway), some refried beans, avocado slices... also fine... except for the only other ingredient in there was bits of ripped up american cheese.
if i wanted a kraft singles burrito i'd make one myself. i guess. won't be going back unless it's to give the breakfast a try which i heard is better. dinner wasn't great but i can say that their grocery store across the lot, however, is awesome and worth stopping in.I moved out of Philly 3 years ago and the #1 place I miss is this place, and it's the first place I visit when I'm back in town. Dirt cheap and delicious. Open late. Perfect.
Recommended dishes: chicken enchiladas mole (brown mole) is simply amazing. It's not a light dish, but you can't do better. My favorite dish in Philly. Period. Of course I recommend their tacos. Chorizo = sinfully good. Also try any of their shrimp dishes; somehow they have super fresh shrimp. The seafood soup is good. Some people like the burrito, others don't, but really if you're ordering burritos here you're confused. You can get a great burrito at el fuego or a chipotle, but there only one place for enchilada mole! Also, note, the quesadilla is made with Mexican cheese, not like Monterrey jack, so make sure you understand what you're ordering. 
BYOB, but there is a low low end bodega on the corner where you can buy beer.
I can't remember if I mentioned that this place is awesome and you need to go there. Now.Went here for a quick lunch upon recommendation from a friend. I'll preface with the fact that I'm simply not a huge fan of Mexican food but I was pretty happy with my meal.
Got 3 tacos -- they have plenty to choose from: chicken, steak, chorizo stuffed jalapenos to name a few. I was also surprised with being presented with a cup of some tortilla soup. All in all it was delicious for an insanely cheap price of $6.
Can't wait to go back and try out one of their sandwiches or perhaps a platter of some kind. They've got a breakfast menu and some weekend-only specials as well.
Oh, also as I dined I a waitress walk by with probably the damned hugest burrito I had ever seen in my mortal existence. Holy moly, I swear I think the burrito that I saw probably gives birth to what others might consider large burritos. The thing was the size of a medium dog.
Simply just a good neighborhood, low-key Mexican restaurant. And you can also get food to go, which is great.
If you're driving, there's a reasonably affordable lot right next door.I feel like I am the only person to not LOVE this restaurant. I am a Mexican food lover, through and through. Maybe I didn't pick the right entrees but it wasn't that satisfying. My sisters and I choose three entrees and shared. We ordered tacos, quesadillas, and and sopas. I felt like they all tasted the same. They look so yummy but didn't taste THAT good. I am willing to give it a second chance, preferably with my mexican boyfriend so I know what to get and what not to get next time.This is my favorite place to eat in Philly. Get the fish burrito, you will not be disappointed! Also, it's BYOB so be sure to grab a bottle of wine on the way....or get beer next door.With the beautiful weather outside, I decided to take a trip to the Italian Market.  My mom was in town, and she decided to join me.  When we met up, I told her the first stop was tacos, and we walked over to Veracruzana.  I went with 3 tacos al pastor and they were awesome, very juicy and flavorful, with slices of pineapple.  $6 for three amazing tacos!  The chips were lacking in salt, but the green salsa was amazing.  We shared a side of rice and beans which was also pretty tasty.  My mom went with the steak in her tacos, and she commented that it was a little dry.  I had the horchata too which was great, not too sweet.  Service was pretty quick, but it took a long time to get the check after we finished eating.  There are a lot of options on the menu, and although it will be hard to get something else besides the tacos, there are a lot of things I'd like to try, and my mom wants to go back too.This is my go to taco place in Philly. Love the food and it's quite filling! I prefer take out now because the service can be a bit slow, but since we're around the corner it's not too much of a problem!I walk in and go up the steps expecting a counter and menu, but it wasn't that kind of place. So I just grabbed a seat and ordered some campechanos and apple soda (sidral mundet). I was surprised at the chips and dip (more than I could handle). The guacamole was nice and spicy. The salsa (queso?) was eh... Overall, I rocked those tacos. Best I've ever had.
So... there were a few college kids in here. I got the impression that they just moved in on whatever campus and decided to go try some ethnic food. (IMO, this is what they should be doing instead of hiding in their respective bubbles).
Anyway, the 2 servers were slowing down and things were picking up. All of a sudden 20 dudes walked in. I'm glad I got in before those guys... seriously. So the kids kinda got lost in the mix and then something I had never seen before happened...
...from the group of kids, the girl got up went to the back poured her own water, got her own utensils, and went back to her table. If I had a photo of the expression on the servers face, YOU'D have a photo too! It was quite an awkward moment. QUITE. She didn't say anything though (there was a noticeable language barrier, but not too bad). Those kids would've been dead if looks could kill. I'm sure service went to hell after all those people came in.
There's a good chance I'll be back.More proof that people will like whatever they are told to like. The area hipsters seem to frequent the place and give outstanding reviews. Don't be fooled. This was the blandest burrito I have ever had in my life. The tomatoes cut very thick, the steak was burnt, and the unmelted american cheese was strange. I'm sitting here still wondering how all those ingredients could have no taste in the burrito.The beans taste like they came out of a can. The server was a young, light haired, RUDE person. I will not be back!Reasonably priced BYOB Mexican food. Fresh ingredients, generous cheese, juicy meat. The interior is painted in bright colors and typically has a TV that's playing Mexican Idol type shows. The waitstaff is fast. My cactus dish was great on the first visit, but since I have found most other dishes to be average to good. If it wasn't competing with tacos el rodeo, and Blue Corn I would give it a 4.$6 for 3 tasty tacos?  This place is hard to beat.  My friend ordered this mysterious, chalky drink that she swore was delicious, but I stuck with a Diet Coke.  Oski will definitely be coming back here.I came to this place today ordered a carne asada plate and the most disgusting thing was on my plate a "hair." When I told the lady she gave me a dirty look like if I had done something wrong. I'm definitely not coming back. I do not recommend this place.I love this little place!  Best Mexican food and affordable.  BYOB!  You get chips and salsa to start off with.  They make the chips and salsa themselves!!  You seriously can't go wrong with whatever you order!  My favorites are the chicken tacos, and burritos!  Tasty!  They also serve breakfast!Not a professional food taster, I am just a casual.
Though for the price, I believe you can get the biggest bang for your buck in this restaurant.  For 7 dollars, you get a huge burrito, and you will be full for the rest of the night.  If you have to eat on a budget and still want to eat good.  This is the best place.  
Don't forget they also offer free nachos, with infinite refill.Was here about 7 months ago & had a specialty dish with sausage in a sauce, rice and beans, which was tasty.  Cactus was interesting (in a good way).  The tacos (pork) were just okay, though -- meat seemed overcooked.
I wouldn't mind going back to try more dishes.  It's a BYOB.First, I want to let you know that this winter, I got fat off of their bisteak burrito.  It's fantastic.  Service is fast, so I stop by every other week to grab a burrito before I head to my night class.  I used to have enough self-discipline to eat half of the burrito and save it for later, but it's too delicious.  
I've dinned in quite a few times as well- I am not a fan of the churizo burrito, but I do enjoy a lot of other things on the menu.  Their guacamole is delicious- you can also get some beverages that you won't typically find in the U.S. supermarket.  Also, their flan is pretty good :) Can't ask for much more.  
Also, the atmosphere reminds me of actually being in Mexico.  You will have a novela or music show playing in the corner for your enjoyment as you eat.  :)I *like* Veracruzana, but it's not my favorite taqueria in the city (that honor belongs to Los Taquitos de Puebla).  This is the taqueria to which I take my uninitiated friends, and it was my first hole-in-the wall taqueria, so it holds a warm place in my heart.  I love the blue and yellow tile tables.
As aforementioned, service is a bit hit or miss, and I find the salsas to be a bit too spicy for me.   The tacos (al pastor, campequena) are pretty banging, if on the decidedly greasy side, and the chips are always tasty once you add salt.   I like their big honkin' burritos too, especially the one with carnitas.   Mexican Coke always adds another point or two for me as well.  Also they didn't give my friend a dirty look when he ordered chicken tacos without onion and cilantro (aka just chicken in a tortilla).
Prices are undeniably cheap, and it's always going to be tasty.Went on Valentine's Day because nothing says LOVE like Mexican food.  We had wanted to go to Tres Jalapenos but it was closed for dining in so decided to get Veracruzana a try.  Although it's similar to Tres Jalapenos in general offerings, I was slightly underwhelmed with the food.  I got chicken enchiladas verde and they didn't have enough cheese and was hardly seasoned.  The cheese stuffed jalapeno tacos were good but not good enough to really sell me on the place.  The prices are reasonable but I just didn't think it was as good as other similarly priced Mexican places in the area :\Excellent and cheap meal. The salsa was amazing. The tacos were juicy. 10/10 recommendI've been to this place about half a dozen in times, but this review is based of my last meal there last week.
I sat myself and had my very cute server drop of some chips with two type of salsa - I ordered Steak Milanese platter.  I ate every chip that they gave me sand saved the sauce for my entree.  My critique of the platter is that it is definitely an array of food.  Good food, for that matter - eggs, ham, rice, beans, french fries and steak.    However, I felt like they could've put a little more effort into the platter.    The fries were just so soggy from obviously being cooked WAY too far in advance.  The steak didn't have a nice crust on it and the exterior was soggy.  The flavors of the rice and beans were quite nice, but it was apparent that both were just way overcooked.  Also, in terms of appearance, the plate was a little sloppy.  I also think they could have incorporated some type of salad element on the platter for some roughage.  
When I was younger, my father would take me to hole in the wall Mexican restaurants in Port Chester, New York and they would serve up some world class platters.  They paid attention to the finer details.  The people at Veracruzana are not serving world class platters.   I'm not even sure if it's up to Washington Avenue's standards!
The platter came out rather quickly, but I would have gladly waited a few more minutes for the food to come out a little hotter and crispier.  Worth checking out, but there is most definitely better Mexican food in the neighborhood.It's a taqueria people, so go and eat the tacos.  I've been going here for years, and it's still good.  Complimentary chips with two different hot sauces, both excellent.  Again, get the tacos - you get 3 delish tacos on corn tortillas (it's gotta be corn tortillas) with just onions and cilantro as toppings, as they do in mexico.  
You should also get the beans and rice, as they have some of the best and creamy refried beans in the area.  But this plate is so huge, it could be an entire meal.  It's BYOB too, which is handy.  It's basically an extremely bright flourescent lit takeout place with some tables. Good food, plenty of it, and cheap.Authentic Mexican in the Italian market. Probably my favorite Mexican spot in the city. Much better than the other Mexican restaurant across the street.
Love their chicken/shrimp fajitas and guac. They offer super sweet cokes and the serving portions will definately have you leaving with a doggie bag.  
Last major snow day, my roommate went in here with some 40s  and had a feast. So there's an opportunity to class it up or make it a casual meal with some excellent, or shall I say excelente, food.Delicious food for a great price, and BYO too... pretty much as good as it gets for a casual Mexican dining experience.My type of place. Just food. That's it. No bells and whistles, no special effects, no "eclectic" menu. Just food. Reminds me of La Pasadita in Chicago, but with a bigger menu. 
Bottom line: Eat here.I used to go to Veracruzana a lot and their food was fantastic. It was a perfect spot for cheap and awesome Mexican food. However, the past few times I've been there (at least most recent 3-4 visits), the food was really lacking. 
The steak and chicken are dried out, fatty, and bland. The chorizo and stuffed jalapenos are good, but only because they are tasty ingredients on their own and have little to do with the cooking method. If you start asking for water immediately when you walk in, you might get it about halfway through the meal (maybe). 
The atmosphere is divey but that doesn't bother me at all - one of my favorite places to eat Mexican is a table at the back of a grocery store. The food is not good anymore, and that's all that matters.This place has GREAT food and great prices. I was at the Italian market doing so shopping for the week and my best friend and I decided to stop there for lunch. View from the outside.. the space looked scary to me .. but I saw the "people loves us on yelp" sign so I decided to give it a try. Well I am glad I did. We tried the steak tacos and another plates. Both were great and the quantity was plenty for too. The service was quick and our waitress was really nice. I will definitely go back!Been here three times in the past few weeks and each time it's gotten progressively worse, to the point that I've started exploring other Mexican joints in the area. 
Visit 1: 5 Stars. Steak burrito for lunch.  It was big, the steak pieces were tender, and the chips with great salsas made this a steal for $7.  Quality comparable to what I'd been eating in the Bay Area for a few years, if not quite what I was spoiled with in Los Angeles. 
Visit 2: 3 Stars.  Got the chicken fajitas. There was hardly any chicken, certainly not enough to justify the $14.  It was chewy. The refried beans were lukewarm, and the rice was stale.  
Visit 3: 1 Star. Hungry the next week and in the area, thought I'd go back to old faithful: the steak burrito.  This time there was probably no more than 2oz of meat in the burrito, and upon opening the thing up for inspection, I saw that the cheese wasn't even melted or sliced--looked like it belonged on a turkey sandwich, as in still cold and square.  The tomatoes were soggy.  Horrible. Worst burrito I've had in years. 
Verdict: This place is good for quick, cheap meals a la burritos and chips when I'm really hungry, but it's not a high-caliber Mexican restaurant I'll go out of my way to get to.At this point, writing a review for Veracruzana is totally extraneous.  It's got the coveted four stars and tons of glowing, drooling hymns -- but I've noticed some trends in other reviews I didn't experience, so I want to, y'know, add my fifteen cents.
The inside of Veracruzana is very clean, very bright.  I was actually surprised, since it's a little dingy-grimy on the outside.  The server (a middle-aged man, maybe the owner?) led me and my friend, C, to whatever table we wanted and promptly gave us water, chips and green and red salsa.
Let's pause.
The chips were fine, but the GREEN SALSA.  The red salsa has a nice tomato flavor, but the green salsa is spicy and flavorful, with a hint of something out of place (mint?).  At the end of the meal (being broke and shameless), I actually asked to bring home the green stuff, and our server agreed, laughing: "Is it good?"
Anyhow, I was seriously considering the carnitas tortas (oh fuck I love tortas), but I went for the 7$ burrito (most tortas were also 7$ -- they offer a Cubano for 8$ which is DEEPLY INTRIGUING).  C did as well.  Oops, and I grabbed a Mexican Coke on the advice of y'all Yelpers.
It's like if Coke tasted good!  It comes in at a pricy 1.75$, but I'd say it's worth it at least once.
When the burritos came (again, promptly -- I know the place is small, and we weren't there when it was crowded, but our server was so attentive and friendly I have a really hard time buying the bad service complaints), the first thing I noticed was the quality of the tortilla.  This isn't your sad, pale doughy mess.  It had a different (better) texture and taste, with brown spots from actually being cooked.
We then proceeded to make a variety of noises no one ever wants to hear in an eating establishment.
The burrito had the perfect proportions of rice, refried beans, raw tomato and lettuce, meat and 
here's the kicker
American cheese.
SO GOOD.  The cheese was absolutely amazing when you get a little chunk of it -- the meat was flavorful and moist, and the rice had been cooked in some kind of sauce which added a little extra pop.  Even better, the burrito almost defeated me (I never have leftovers).  I actually had to put it down for a couple of minutes before getting the rest in my belly.
There is nothing wrong with Veracruzana.  JUST GO.After I had my first burrito in Philadelphia, I went home and cried. I had long since given up on finding anything close to decent Mexican food in Philadelphia until a friend recommended Veracruzana. I was skeptical, but decided to give it a try. Wow. Decent Mexican exists in Philly! Woohoo! Don't expect Texas or California quality, but it's really good, and refreshingly affordable, too. I already feel less homesick. I will be back early and often.Best Mexican food I've found in the city.  Great prices too.  This is the only restaurant that I make a point to regularly visit.This place has become a staple in my weekend diet.  The tacos and quesadillas are both amazing (go for the quesadillas if you want tacos but with cheese and extra fixings).  To be adventurous and stray from my usual order of chicken tacos (although delicious and still my go-to order), I had the mexican sausage quesadillas this past weekend.  Really good and just enough spice!  As other posters have said, the staff primarily speaks Spanish, but we have never had an issue with getting orders wrong or not being able to communicate.  BYOB (solidifies my love)!If you want some Americanized version of Mexican tasties, head over to Mad for Mex and ingest as many margaritas you can before the food arrives. You'll thank me, because otherwise, bleeech!
If you want the real deal without bustin' your bank, then Veracruzana is the place. More hearty than outright delicious, with simple flavors that are obviously the Mexican epitomy of home-cooking, it's the safest, most consistent bet in the Italian Market's burgeoning arena of Mexican take-outs. And did I mention, it's soooooo cheap. That alone is worth a star.This place is fantastic. Easily the best Mexican food in Philadelphia and two people will pay less than 20$ for their entire meal. If you're starving for brunch up the street at Sabrina's, you should really brunch here. There's never a line or a wait and the enchiladas verdes, tacos and burritos are to die for - the guacamole is copious and underpriced. It's a byob but even better than that THEY DELIVER.Great food. Pretty cheap. Super fast service.Hands down, my favorite spot for good Mexican cuisine. The Enchiladas Verdes (chicken)  are my favorite as well as the stuffed chili's appetizer. You can get a lot of food for your money. There is only one downside and it isn't that big of a deal (hence they still get 5 stars) is that they are not consistent with delivery. I will often call for takeout and (understandably)  they can only deliver to me once in a while...I just wish they would have a delivery policy in place as a few times they would take my order, only to call back half an hour later saying they can't deliver...this is only a complaint as I hate placing an order and then having my hopes dashed when it gets cancelled. Especially when I was looking forward to having this particular meal all day.
They have a great brunch too. I had juevos rancheros and they were unbelievable! 
Have been here at least 10 times and have never had a bad experience. The food is always fantastic and I enjoy the simple , no flares ambience. You go for the food, you get a great meal.$3 rice and beans w/ chips. Seriously. Well, now I think it's $3.50 or $4 but still.
I would walk far and wide to get to this place. And in fact, I have (from 30th in West Philly). Although I'm sure there is better authentic Mexican food out there that I haven't discovered yet, it does the job for being a Philly spot -- no offense to Philly foods, but I've had better in other cities.
Also, there's always silly game shows and music videos that play on the TV. What's not to like?I've lived near this place for like 3 years. How have I not gone in here before? Killer tacos - friendly service - good prices. I have the pastor, chicken, and lengua tacos, all were really good with the salsa they give. Chips and red/green salsa were a nice surprise too. All in all had a tasty, large lunch for like $12 after tip. Can't wait to go backUmmmm. So I have no idea how I live two blocks away and I never knew this place existed. 
WELL I HAVE BEEN ENLIGHTENED. And thank god for that, or something.
I get burrito cravings sporadically. Pretty much whenever I hear the word "burrito" which is a lot more often than you'd think. 
So last night while I'm checking out facebook, a friend mentioned going to get Mexican food and I felt like a junkie that needed a fix. A burrito fix. 
So I get here. Order my burrito. AND. IT. IS. HUGE. Seriously! Biggest burrito I may have ever seen in my life. I couldn't finish it! And it came out SO fast. 
I also want to bathe in a pool of their salsa verde.reminds me of california. GREAT tacos for a great price. had the pork tacos and the pork with pineapple tacos. $6 for 3 tacos - super filling. i like the complimentary chips and dip as well! :) Would definitely come back.I've been coming here for some time, but I've moved away so it was a treat to get a chance to eat here again. I really wanted there al pastor with the pineapple topping but for some reason they didn't have any that day.  May face went from happy to sad so fast and my mouth was so mad. How could they be out of Al pastor!!! So I ordered the beef chorizo taco and chicken. I ate them because I was so hungry because it takes me over an hour to get there. So I'm satisfied. But not happy as al pastor makes me.Came here with my friends for take-out. The staff was very friendly and greeted us. 
The chicken with the green and red sauce was really good. What I did not like was that it was kinda dry at points. 
If you're cravings for tacos, I would recommend this restaurant!In need of authentic mexican food? COME HERE!!!!!! (or go there?..)
Their flour tortillas are classic and their entrees aren't that expensive.
California obviously has cheaper authentic mexican food, but being this the only one in the area... and more Americans coming in, they clearly raised their price a tad bit just to make some moolah.
They always serve you crisp tortilla chips and two salsas - salsa verde (green peppers and jalapeno - MY FAV) and salsa rojo? (red peppers and whatever else they put in there). Can't stop munching on these, and then you get full for your meal, so have some self-control here!
My favorite is their Tostadas, which usually comes with chicken. But I like to substitute it with "Al Pastor" which is pork with pineapples (: LOVE IT!
And it comes with 3 tostadas and packed with the good stuff. If I have any left over, I like to pack the tortilla chips to eat it later (:
I've seen and tasted their burritos, which are HUGEEEEEE!! Bigger than Q'Doba and Chipotle, I promise. 
Quesadillas aren't made with a huge tortilla and folded and sliced. They're made with 3 small flour tortillas (the authentic tasting kind) separately.
Make sure to have your meal with a side of "real sugar" Cola (bottled!) or a Jarritos, pina flavored! (pineapple) (:Delicious, authentic Mexican food. Its a nice, hole in the wall place to take friends you want to impress with good Mexican in the city. To start, their chips are fresh and the salsas roja y verde are delicious, especially the salsa verde. The horchata is legit although a little pricey (why is horchata always so expensive?). The bistec ranchero is one of my favorites and my go-to. The salsa on top is some of the best I've had. Nonetheless, all their food is good and I don't think I've ever been disappointed. Everything is hot and fresh and comes out quickly. A no gringo zone too, which is always a plus no mamesWow!  We ordered a feast and not one dish let us down! The tacos, the shrimp veracruzana, the chicken enchiladas with mole and the fajitas...delish, authentic and we can't wait to go back to Philly to eat their food again!  I am craving the jalapeños rellenos  tacos already...YUM!Moving from Texas to Philly, It's been a challenge for us to find an inexpensive spot for Mexican. Glad we finally found one.4.5 stars
Holy mother of mexican goodness!!!!
This was damn good stuff. I got three tacos, one pork and pineapple, one steak, and one chicken.  I munched on the FREE chips while my order was being made. Man that salsa is the best and the freshest I've had in a long long time. The chips were pretty good too, though I seem to have gotten a slightly over baked batch which tended to crumble in mid bite. Still, a much better problem to have than eating some machine made piece of garbage. The salsa was hot too. And I"m not talking some weenie Tostitos/Chi Chi's salsa hot. This was the kind of hot where your sinuses started opening up.  Where you are reaching for the water to quench the fire that is  burning on your tongue. Or if you are an experienced eater, washing it down with horchata(Very smooth, creamy and full of cinnamon. Kudos TV!)
The tacos came out piping hot. So hot that I was blowing on them while I ate. The chicken was probably my least favorite. It was tender, but didn't have much flavor to it. The steak and pork and pineapple made up for it. Both were excellent. I think the people around me got a little worried because I was nodding my head and saying mmmmmm mmmm mmmm too much. 
The total for all of this: 8.50.
My only beef was that the service was a little slow. It was pretty crowded with multiple member families. Still I did have to wait for my check and had to flag down the waitress twice.  I may have to start carrying semaphore flags at this rate. Oy ve.
So far, the best Mexican I've had in Philly. Next stop El Jarocho. !!!This is a very good Mexican restaurant! There is a nice selection of food and drinks with different kinds of toppings. They serve a lot of food, so you can have lunch the next day with your leftovers. There are free chips with two different kinds of salsa which are very flavorful. The meals are cheap, so that is another positive!This is the kind of place to go with your friends who like good food.  It isn't fancy but you'll leave happy.
The restaurant specializes in homestyle Mexican food, and you'll be eating in the glow of a television showing a soccer match or a telenovela along with some Mexican guys who aren't so sure they're happy you've invaded their place.
When you sit down, you will be served tortilla chips with a variety of salsas ranging from not hot to fairly hot.  I always make the mistake of filling up on these because they're so good. I haven't had enough of the entrees to give a full report but I can say that tacos al pastor are wonderful as is the Cuban sandwich, and bites of things my friends have eaten were also good.Probably the best tacos I ever had. Really I had tacos in Texas and these really beat them. The place is small and the people that go there not the most classy, but it is a place you can sit and have a little time in Mexico, with some really good tacos and steak a la mexicana.this place IS so great the best mexican food in south philly, authentic, cheap, and the salsa is BANGIN!
HIGHLY RECCOMENDED!I stopped in today for the first time. A very nice waitress said hello and took my order. Two chicken and one pork taco, an order of beans, and flan... Though the chicken didn't come shredded like I'm used to at most places, it was seasoned well and tasted great. What really impressed me was the pork taco and the beans... The pork was extremely tender. Now that was a winner there. The order of beans was huge, but was very good also. I didn't eat the flan yet. But if the rest of the meal was great, i have no doubt that the flan will be also. I'll be a return customer. This was a solid lunch that i had today.Not bad, but the meat in my tacos was a little dry.  I thought that the pork from both Cantina Los Caballitos and El Maguey was considerably better.
Also, there was only one guy taking care of table service.  First he forgot my water.  Then after he finally got that out I knew he'd never return to fill it up.  I got up to pay at the window because I'm sure getting me a check would have also taken forever.  That gives them one star less easy.
But a full plate of tacos and delicious chips with two salsas for $6?  You can't beat the price.  This was especially satisfying after just leaving the Green Aisle Grocery where I found their only sandwich in stock was $10.The waitress was super nice and I really liked the salsa. Especially the green salsa. 
We got 3 tacos--3 different kinds of tacos. The triple threat! All were good except the steak one. Carnitas was pretty good but def needs salsa. I'd go here again! 
Also, minus a star because they don't have margaritas. 
Also, I am full for $7!Taqueria Veracruzana is definitely one of my favorite Mexican food spots in the city. After multiple attempts at trying to figure out where to order from, my roommate and I decided on it for dinner. I got a simple carnitas burrito and guacamole and chips. There was absolutely nothing to complain about. The generous portions and the excellent prices were just another wonderful thing about this place.
Would recommend this to anyone who's ask!ERRR did I really just find frozen veggies mix in my burrito.... and a slice of Kraft cheese (unmelted). WHERE THE HECK IS MEXICAN FOOD in Philly??! I'd rather go to Qdoba than this wannabe. At least you know it's not meant to be authentic there....
Oh how I miss California!! :(my omnivore friends love this place. but for vegans i would say it's just ok. the value is good (i can't finish the burrito) but it's kind of bland with just white rice, beans, and guac. dare i say i'd rather go to chipotle.
they do have jarritos mexican soda, which is nice. as is the complimentary chips and salsa. but seriously there is no room for chips and salsa if you're getting la enorme burrito.I love the Taqueria! I went last night and remembered why. Although the ambience is lacking, aforementioned by other reviewers, the food makes up for it. Burritos as big as biceps! Fresh guacamole! Chips and salsa! Jarritos! if you're in South Philly and looking for a cheap, filling, quality meal, look no further.Yeah, we've dabbled in their moles and platters and such...just fine...but we really return for the tacos of every variety and Veracruzana's breakfast offerings. Breakfasy brunch Mexican feasting is a Sunday favorite. Then we act like we're being weekend people and walk around for a while or whatever but really, what I'm tellin you is, Verucruzana taco breakfast followed shortly by taco nap is what weekends are made for.Went here with a party of 7, and had a great time. The space is small and rather spartan, but the food is great. The jalapenos rellenos are spiced just right ( I believe the seeds must have been mostly scraped out) and had a lot of creamy cheese stuffed inside. (Oaxaca?) They came 3 to an order on top of a double layer of soft corn tortillas with chopped onion, cilantro and lime. The soft chicken tacos were filled with tender roasted chicken and onions, cilantro and lime wedges on the side. The guacamole was very good and plentiful, the chips crispy. We were seated immediately and service was brisk and friendly. The husband had the steak dish with poblanos, onions, rice etc. delicous. The pork tacos were filled with tender, shredded pork and onions, cilantro and served with sliced limes. A great meal. Thanks Jasmine!Carrot Juice and Horchata are always fresh and on-point.  Portions are too big and sloppy for my taste.  This is a good place to watch novelas or soccer.Great place to eat. Was disappointed they ran out of tres leches cakes cause I was solely going based on that it had that on the menu as dessert.
Salsa and chips were provided. The salsa wasn't bad at all
Ordered the 3 tacos combo and you could ask them to substitute a few as sopes instead if you liked.
Friends ordered a steak plate that was enormous and too much to be eaten in one meal. It was definitely good asada mexican style bbq with the friend green onions on the side with beans and rice.
The horchata was ok, you could either order a glass or a jug which would be cheaper if you had a group craving it.I like this place.  I don't think they get everything right, but i have to say that for consistantly good rice and beans, I go.  I am a vegetarian and there is not a big selection, and I keep going back.I dropped by to get a burrito on the way back to my apartment. It was cheap & delicious, they went heavy on everything, but especially the cheese. I'm looking forward to my next visit back.The Taqueria is my go to place when I'm hungry and I don't want to cook. In fact I sometimes feel that it's dangerous that I live so close as it's delicious and cheap.  The salsa verde, which has been discussed at length in other Yelp reviews, is amazing and fairly spicy. Sometimes I like to pour it all over my food and consider everything on my plate just a vehicle for this sauce. Unfortunately due to the recent lackluster lime season, they have been replacing it with what I can only imagine is a jarred salsa. It's still worth going here as the red salsa is also delicious. In terms of dishes, you can always order the burrito with Mexican cheese (instead of American) and then it is actually yummy.  I think they use American cheese because the burrito is an American invention.  While I used to stick to the tacos and quesadillas (awesome - order the mushroom one), I branched out recently and ordered the Veracruzana Shrimp. Even though it's 15 dollars, it's big enough for another meal. If you have not yet eaten here, I encourage you to go. In short: it's a great value, has delicious food and from what I have been told provides an authentic dining experience (i.e. slow but polite service).Some of the best salsas in Philly.  Friendly service, nice set of options, especially for vegetarians (try the jalapeños rellenos tacos!).  This place is a quality standby.Five stars and a round of applause for the Tacos at Veracruzana!
You can't go wrong with any of the tacos all of which are sprinkled with freshly chopped onions and cilantro.....
HOWEVER! The must haves are the Al Pastor (roasted, pulled pork & pineapple) and the chorizo tacos. The Al Pastor from here is pretty much the best I've come across in the Philly area. The pork is melt in your mouth good and the pineapple with the cilantro is super refreshing. For a more intense savory flavor the chorizo is the way to go. You get 3 to an order so I usually go 1 chorizo & 2 al pastor with the occasional bistec guisado taco to mix it up.
The house green and red accompanying salsas are both killer. I loud up all my tacos with a squish of lime and both salsas.
Happy eating!Five stars if you order the right stuff. Three stars if you don't. Hence the four star rating.
DO order the chicken or beef tacos. They are filling but not in the way that puts you in an irrecoverable food coma. You will need to use the lime slices they give you to reach the proper taste experience. Otherwise, they are light enough that they can come off as lacking flavor.
DO order the chips & guacamole. The chips are made on site and are crisp and tasty on their own. Then add the heaven that is Taqueria's guac for a nearly religious experience.
DON'T order the burritos. To this day I'm baffled, but they just aren't that good. 
Overall, the food is solid and the pricing is reasonable. The best part is they're open most nights till 12am.I really like this place.  Is it fancy?--nope.  Is the service out of this world?--hardly.  But they make good food so who cares!  Let's start with the chips and salsa which come to the table when you enter.  It is not like your "On the Border" salsa....it is much more interesting and SPICY.  Your mouth will be on fire if you keep eating the green one, but it is worth it.  The enchilladas con salsa verde are very good...I think they are on the breakfast menu, but you can order them at any time.  The tacos and other dishes are well priced and though the portion is not mega huge, you will be full if you finish your chips and salsa.  I can't wait to go back!Came in on a Saturday for lunch with a buddy of mine. Place wasn't too busy which was nice. The chips and salsa that came out were good; the green salsa was really hot which was great. I asked the waitress on her suggestion on what the locals get. She recommended the skirt steak and the goat (which is a weekend only item). Both items were great, although the goat was a little on the small side. For $15, I'd expect a little bit more meat given that the meat was on the bone but the flavor was definitely there. On the plates, there were some nice additions including a large amount of guacamole and some grilled peppers and green onion. Service is definitely slow as many people mentioned. Waters were only filled once despite my mouth being on fire. I was looking for the waitress but she was almost always in the back. I definitely need to come back and try their tacos which are more reasonably priced.This is the best authentic Mexican food I have found in Philadelphia. Please get in touch if you have found better!
This is my kinda Mexican food. Absolutely delicious. Huge menu. Fun soda selection. Free chips flanked by green & red salsas. The menu items are all very reasonably priced. You can get 3 tacos for $6; this deal really fills me up. The service is good, though the servers don't check in very often at all. Note: Be careful going up the steps from the lower dining room--the top step is larger than the rest and can make one trip. I would love to come here for brunch sometime. This spot is just over a mile from my neighborhood, but it's worth the trek anytime. The pork tacos are my favorite so far. Juicy, with onions and cilantro. I love tacos, especially from Taqueria Veracruzana.I tried this place because it had so many good reviews, and I have been trying to find good mexican in Philly. However, this place was awful. The service was terrible and the dining area was disgusting. I was hoping the food would make up for waiting way too long to be served; however, it was probably some of the worst mexican food I have ever had. There was absolutely no flavor to any of the dishes and the cheese resembled wall paper paste (and probably tasted like it too). I would definitely not recommend this place to anyone.The service is excellent. The food is great and so authentic. I'm always pleased when I come in here. Prices are extremely reasonable which is also a plus. Love this placeOverrated. Two at best. I do not know about the rest of the entrees, the burritos were the worst. The burrito did not have shredded cheese. Instead, cheese used for sandwiches was used, and it was cold cheese, not melted. The burrito tasted very bland. My brother also threw up with his burrito order. However, the complimentary chips and salsa were very good if you like spicy salsa.Veracruzana was the first Mexican I had in Philadelphia, and still one of my favorites. Simple tacos, with well seasoned beef, and a little lime = delicious! The atmosphere leaves much to be desired, but the price is right!Our favorite Mexican spot in the city. It's byob so no margs but the food is delicious.I've zipped in and out of Veracruzana a few more times since that initial review, and their taco meat has gotten noticeably worse -- fatty, less flavorful.  I stick to the burritos, which are still banging, and free chips and salsa!  Hey!I love anything authentic Mexican, and this is pretty close. The tacos are excellent street style - just meat, onions/cilantro, and lime. The tacos al pastor could use a slice of pineapple (update: they added a slice of pineapple!). Steak and chicken aren't bad, but go for al pastor, the hands-down best option on the menu.
Update: The burritos here are also good, more like 4 star quality. I say this because they use refried beans which aren't the greatest, and the rice is good but not great. Still sticking with 5 stars overall because, let's face it, it's all about the tacos.Taq. Veracruzana is some good good stuff.
Been a faithful customer for the past 4 years.  Its my go to place whenever I am in need of a great meal.  Everything is delicious and it will make you happy.
Get over there and enjoy some delicious mexican!Still some of the best authentic mexican in the tri-state area! First found this place about 10 years ago. They were one of the first of mexican joints to open in south Philly - and still going strong with great food at reasonable prices. Their salsa's and chipotle sauce are fan#@%&ingtastic!I have to disagree with Meg and Christian.... I have lived in San Francisco, the land of amazing taquerias, and have traveled fairly extensively through Mexico and ate a ton of street food and this doesn't even come close.
I had the tacos al pastor - the presentation was great and authentic, but the al pastor was really bad - nothing like it should be.  It was more dry and greasy than anything that I would have expected, almost as if it was fried a few hours ago, let sit, and then reheated for my meal.  
My date had the vegi burrito.  Don't even get me started on that - there were basically no beans, there was a slice of uncooked american cheese inside, and there were whole tomato slices and lettuce leaves inside.  Did I mention the whole thing was pretty much cold?
I'm giving it two stars rather than less because the entrees looked very tasty, although I didn't have a chance to try them.  Sorry Veracruzana, you broke my heart.One of my favorite places in the city. Good for breakfast, lunch dinner. 
Great food, great portions, great prices. Service is not good. I like to bring my own water because the service doesn't like refilling it. Also, it is BYO. 
It's my go-to place to eat when I want good food for cheap.I find it hard to believe that I've never written a review for this place. 
This is my favorite Mexican place down in the 9th and Washington area. Some of the other places are good, but for some reason - I like this one the best. It's super inviting, nicely decorated, and clean. They take credit cards which is a plus, since a lot of the other places do not. It's also my go-to Mexican delivery spot since I don't live quite as close as I used to.
I love the guacamole here. Love it. I also love the enchiladas - I can vouch for both the mole and the verdes. The tacos are great as well as the burritos, but I mostly get the enchiladas and the guacamole. If you go in, ask if they have horchata (h is silent). 
And remember - it's not going to be quite as good unless you actually GO to Mexico. But this place comes close. I don't discriminate between real Mexican and US-exican - I like both for different reasons. However, this comes pretty close to being as delicious as the real stuff.Best Mexican in the City
And, if you'd like to practice your spanish, this is a great location.