Good food. Beats Cactus for Mexican food on Main St. They're sometimes a little strict about needing your whole group when you sit down - understandable to an extent.Love this place! It is my go-to date night spot.  I always get the same thing - chips and salsa trio, cauliflower tacos and the house margarita.   The vibe is lively and fun, the food is great and I've never had a bad time!This is the best Mexican restaurant I have found in the area. Shayna our server is incredible and very attentive. The menu has something for all tastes and the food is delicious. I will return again and again.Very poor female bar tender this is why places go out of business rude and obnoxious.  According to her when asked  "a restaurant can have poor quality drinks just cause she makes them " wow and too top it all she says that to a customers face 
Guy bartender was good and made fresh margaritas unlike the female that poured stale pre mix from a bottle over a glass of ice.
Food quality is very poor too this place is a disaster and is crowded only cause there are very few choices left.
Don't waste your time and money in this place.They've done it again. This time they put one of their irresistible Mexican restaurants right in my hood. I'm going to have to figure out how to get my paycheck directly deposited to Taqueria Feliz because surely that's where I'll be spending most of my money. 
We went to Taqueria on opening weekend, twice. Everything I had was delicious. The vibe is cool, casual, dark and fun. The menu has many similar items to the ones you'll see at Calaca or Cantina, but they are definitely doing their own unique things as well. 
I've had:
The nachos (with and without meat) -- bangin'
Guac - you can't go wrong with guac
The tortilla soup -- a little spicy, a lot affordable
Beef tongue tacos - interesting texture, lots of flavor
Tacos al pastor - spicy and sweet, can I have some more please? 
Fish tacos - lightly fried fish, topped with crunchy radishes, a slice of avocado and some citrus.
The cubano - not your average cuban sandwich. So much more! 
Sweet plantains - the perfect sweet side to balance everything out
Three chili margarita - hands down my favorite margarita of all time.
I look forward to trying the rest of the menu in the coming weeks!Amazing! The carnitas tacos are incredible and my favorite but the brisket tacos take a close second. Nothing beats a good margarita, and Taqueria makes an excellent one. The only bummer is that as of my last visit, the frozen margaritas only came in fruit flavors, not original. All in all, one of my favorite places to eat in Manayunk.Not the most comfortable seats at the bar or at tables, but nachos are some of the best I've ever had.  Lots of cilantro and other fresh ingredients.  For drinks, the chili margarita and a tequila sampler are the way to go!All I can say is you have to come here ...they definitely have the best taco EEEEEVVVERRR...we jus came here out of the blue and I'm glad we did the lamb tacos chicken quesadillas, fish tacos, cheese tacos everything was delicious!!! The service was great also!!Went there last week for brunch. Food was good. Service was exceptional. Our waiter, can't remember his name but he had curly hair, had awesome menu knowledge. He understood how everything was made and prepared. Wasnt pushy or anything and he made great suggestions. Gonna go back just cause he was so great.Wife and I walked in and were seated. Waitress took our drink order and never came back. Another couple came in 10 mins after us and the SAME waitress took their drink order, brought their drinks, AND took their food order... Meanwhile we're still waiting for our drinks to come. This is on a Saturday afternoon, so it wasn't like she was very busy. Immediately left this place and will not be coming back. Very disrespectful service.A great addition to Main St. Fantastic nachos and the vegetarian options are growing!!I went here with 2 friends on a Friday night, we made a reservation on open table for 2 by accident, oops! But they got us in for 3 fairly quickly. We waited for under 30 minutes.
The food was very good, I got the Al Pastor tacos which were fresh and flavorful. One of my friends got Carne Asada cooked medium well, it was done perfectly and came with sides of beans, fresh salsa, and quac. I was envious of his dish.
The service here was great. Very friendly, and very attentive. I hate when empty dishes sit on the table. That did not happen here! Almost the second we were done they were cleared off our table. 
My only complaint was that we were in this kind of back corner of the restaurant where we could hear everyone else's conversation. It got kind of annoying to compete with the other tables.I love coming to this place for happy hour. They have $4 white and red wine sangria that's delicious. They have a great queso foundindo (spelling?) dip with chips and tortilla that's for $5. I also have had both their chicken tinga and tuna wasabi tacos, and I can't stop raving about them. I do have to say that you cannot compare this place to typical Mexican food restaurants, but they do have unique and fun taco choices. I definitely recommend coming here for happy hour, especially when it's nice outside.Ceviche was horrible; halved shrimp in a sauce that you'd find in a Chinese restaurant, not Mexican at all. Food was bland and meat was dry.  I'd go for happy hour drinks but find another place to eat.What a neat hip Mexican spot downtown in Manayunk. We came here on a Friday night and there was a wait. The host told us about 20-30 minutes but it def felt a lot shorter after grabbing a drink at the bar we were called for our table. Menu is pretty simple. They have cauliflower tacos that are tasty that's vegan friendly. It comes with three small tacos that are filling which is good! My boyfriend had the pineapple pork tacos which he enjoyed and comes with three tacos. We split one of their side orders and chips and salsa. It was a pretty good deal for Mexican food and a nice atmosphere for a casual date or get together with friends spot.  Everyone that worked there was very friendly and on point that night...cool spot overall.Main Street in Manayunk offers an impressive quantity and variety of restaurants and Taqueria Feliz rises above them all.
In summary, there are (3) reasons why Taqueria Feliz, "TF," has fast become one of my favorite restaurants.
(1) Everything is reasonably-priced
(2) The food is absolutely delicious and very fresh-tasting
(3) The service is friendly, detail-oriented, and attentive
I highly recommend trying out TF for Happy Hour. There are great deals on drinks and apps. The highlights for me were the $2 off specialty cocktails and $5 apps. I really liked how I could get a non-well tequila in my margarita and still have the drink cost under $10. 
Nachos (Queso Mixto, Black Bean Puree, Rajas, Pickled Jalapenos, Salsa Arbol, Tomatoes, Crema, Radish) - 
If you're headed to Taqueria Feliz for Happy Hour with a group, the $5 nachos are a crowd pleaser, not to mention an inexpensive way to fill up.
Fish Taco "Ensanada Style" (Tempura Battered -or- Grilled Blue Tilapia, Chipotle Mayo, Cabbage Slaw, Radish) - 5 out of 5
The Chefs at Taqueria Feliz clearly grasp the idea of "less is more" when creating tacos. The generous portion of tilapia was uber fresh and grilled to perfection. The vibrant cabbage slaw added acidity and crunch to elevate the mild filet of fish. A finishing drizzle of spicy mayo added a needed richness and Mexican spice flavoring.
Guacamole & Chips - 5 out of 5
Taq guac is the best I've tried in a restaurant. It's slightly chilled; the cold temperature reaffirms the fresh, rich qualities of the avocado, and helps temper the roasted jalapeño, and the biting crispness of the red onion. The thick, chunky guac is complemented by a bowl of freshly-fried house-made tortilla chips. The chips are lightly-salted and slightly thicker than the standard chip. Form follows function, here: the thick chips stand up to deep dips without breaking.
Service -
I can be a tough critic when judging service. I was very pleased with the level of detail in the service, especially with the support staff. Water refills were frequent, plates cleared in a timely manner, and new sets of silverware were supplied between courses. Our server was present when we needed him. Despite the filled dining room, we never felt rushed.
Overall, I look forward to returning soon to try more of the menu!My two girlfriends and I went to Taqueria Feliz for a Tuesday night dinner.  Our experience started out as a 5 star but went downhill towards the middle/end of our meal.
Our server came over after a few minutes give us water, which I loved because I always ask anyway.  My one friend and I ordered the Santana Margarita ($10) and my other friend ordered the Feliz (house) Margarita ($7.50).  Both came quite quickly and tasted yummy.  We were a bit disappointed in the size because it was about three quarters of the size of a pint glass and it wasn't filled to the top.  We didn't mind much though because once we were finished we wanted to order another.  Unfortunately, we did not get that chance because after our meals were finished we did not see our server for over 20 minutes.
We ordered guacamole and chips for an appetizer.  It was a huge portion and good quality guac.  I didn't need to mess with it at all.  Usually, it's lacking lime or salt, but this was just perfect!  My carnitas tacos were really amazing.  There was a ton of pulled apart, flavorful, spicy pork.  It was probably one of the best carnitas tacos I've had in quite some time.  My one friend ordered the mushrooms tacos which she enjoyed and ate all three with no hesitation.  My other friend ordered tacos al pastor and was quite disappointed.  Even though they did not skimp on the pineapple, the pieces of pork were huge.  Normally, you would think this would be good but with tacos al pastor the pork should be thinly sliced or pulled apart.  She also said there wasn't much flavor in the marinade/sauce and left the last one on her plate.
Overall, we had a good meal at Taqueria Feliz.  I was definitely satisfied with the portion sizes of food compared to the prices.  Oh, and Tuesdays were $3 off tacos.  Win.  I was torn between 3 and 4 stars because of the size of the margaritas, slow service at the end of our meal, and my friends tacos al pastor.  In the end, I based my rating on my own meal which was above and beyond any carnitas tacos I've had in recent memory.  We would have definitely stayed for another margarita if our server would have come over.  We couldn't even flag him down because our table was located in a small room with only 3 other tables and we could not see the main dining area from where we were seated.  No biggie because we made it over to US Hotel for some beers instead!Good solid food. Been here a few times. Happy Hour is a real deal. Drinks are great. Brisket Nachos are something like a big deal. The regular sized portion is enough to feed a table of 4. The service was impeccable. I asked my server for extra sour cream to take home with my leftover Nachos and she hooked me up! Such a cute place with a fun vibe. Definitely worth multiple visits. My friend got the kale chopped salad and it was so very good. I've been to Cantina Feliz in Fort Washington (their sister restaurant) and I liked it but I love Taqueria Feliz. This place is a winner!Went to Taqueria Feliz a few weeks ago on Sunday. This place is great for Main Street. Good set-up and great TVs at the bar. I ordered the Cubana Sandwich ($10.95), it's huge and delicious. Friends ordered Margaritas which were $8 (yikes) and very small and wayyy too sweet. Also, the tacos (2 per order, kinda small and $11.95)
Overall - food is great, but don't cheat your customers on the Margs, they're way to expensive for Manayunk anyways. 
Tip- Lower the alcohol pricesAfter eying some of the delicious looking food at this place in passing, I dined here last night with some friends. Overall, although the service was on the slower side and the waitstaff on the arrogant, pushy side, the food definitely met my expectations, if not exceeded them. 
After reading others' reviews, it seemed like this place is either inconsistent with their food or peoples' opinions/preferences vary a lot. 
Upon being seated, our waiter asked if we wanted any drinks to begin with and when we told him we needed a minute to decide, he disappeared and didn't return for more than ten minutes. 
You just have to be careful because this is the kind of place where the waitstaff asks you if you more chips (for example) making it sound like it's a free refill when you already paid for the chips and salsa (which most Mexican places serve for free). Additionally, when we ordered them, the waiter asked if we wanted guacamole with them too, again making it sound like it almost comes with it when it's actually $10 on the menu. They also push you to get drinks. 
However, the food was very impressive! 
The tortilla chips had just the right amount of sea salt and tasted very homemade. The salsa was pretty thin and okay, nothing outstanding, but decent.
We shared the watermelon salad, which was cubed watermelon, jicama, pepitas, avocado, mint leaves, arugula, with achiote vinaigrette, which was spicy and slightly sweet. Everything seemed very fresh in the salad, but it was on the spicy side for me. The sweetness of the watermelon helped tame the spiciness though. 
For my entree, I ordered the chicken tinga tacos. This was 3 corn tacos with pieces of chicken marinated in chipotle, pickled cabbage, avocado, queso fresco, and crema (sour cream). These were very flavorful and it was an interesting combination with the pickled cabbage. The chicken was well cooked and it was not overly oily or salty. I also tasted my friend's brisket tacos which were cubes of brisket topped with scallions and salsa de arbol. This was excellent as well, although a tad fatty on some pieces. 
This restaurant also has a nice cultural vibe and is very bright and colorful. It was definitely on the louder side though.Great Mex done the right way. Nice atmosphere and staff was friendly and attentive. I will make it a regular .A local favorite. The nachos are a must when going here. We have never sat at a table, only the bar and we always come back. Great tequila selection, and spicy margaritas. Mexican food is by far my favorite, and they have this awesome habanero sauce that is amazing!  If you go, hopefully Maureen is behind the bar, she rocks!!Margaritas are great! I had the classic. We had a party of 4 and we all ordered tacos. I had the carnitas and appreciated the small dice of the onion and the salsa. Well prepared dish. We expected to pay for chips and salsa ( From other reviewers,) so we ordered Guac and chips. Some restaurants can make a real mess of a good quac but this was spot-on. Food comes out quickly, so if you want to enjoy a drink before dinner, wait to place your dinner order. We sat away from the bar where it was much less noisy so overall we had a nice time. Not sure I would recommend for very large groups. Overall would recommend and am interested in going again when the weather turns warm to see what they do with their open air seating.Came back for Manayunk Restaurant Week.  I ordered off the $15 menu and got the tortilla soup, cauliflower tacos, and margarita cheesecake.  Everything was delicious, but I wish my serving of margarita cheesecake was more than just bite sized.  Our waitress asked us if we wanted chips and salsa but failed to mention that it was an extra cost.  She also brought us our check and forgot to bring us our cheesecake at first.  Other than that everything was great and I'll definitely come back again.Went here for happy hour recently ... The food was decent that we had. I feel like they could expand their happy hour menu a bit or diversify. I had everything they had to offer and it was all pretty good.. But it did not knock my socks off. Good / strong margaritas were appreciated. Service was meh .. The server just seemed nervous and unsure a majority of the time. New place .. Always needs time to work out the kinks. I'd come back and try again.Way too pricey for the food we got.  They charged 9$ for a bowl of guacamole!  Would rather go to Johnny Mananas instead where the food is better.We tried Taqueria Feliz because we had such a good dining experience at La Calaca Feliz in Fairmount -- this location was just as good if not better. Had chips and very good roasted tomato salsa at the bar with white wine sangria which was sweet but not syrupy. Dinner was chicken enchiladas with red sauce, fish tacos in the tempura batter (not grilled), plus esquites and black beans with rice. How did we eat all that!? The fish tacos were absolutely wonderful. Enchiladas and beans/rice were good, standard fare. As soon as we ate the esquites, we were on our phones trying to figure out how to make these (but probably won't get to their quality!) Wait staff were definitely knowledgeable about the menu, and everyone was attentive but not hovering. Didn't have room for dessert, but would definitely leave room next time...if only we don't pig out on dinner again! A side note: Manayunk on a Friday is nothing like we remembered -- some people on the streets and some bars with good music, but not packed like in old days, and more empty store fronts than in the past. Hope Taqueria Feliz will bring the traffic!I recommend making a reservation if you are going on a weekend. The guacamole is delicious but kind of a small portion for the price. I've tried most of the tacos and they are all yummy. The cauliflower tacos are a great vegetarian option! The margaritas are good but not amazing. They have corona light on draft which is a plus in my book! The service is consistently good.  I wish the bar area was larger because it would be a cool place to hang out!So, this is a great little taco restaurant with unique and awesome food. From cow tongue tacos, lamb hearts to carnitas and fish tacos, this was a very accommodating restaurant. We went with two previous chefs from other Feliz restaurants, and even had some of their unique hot dogs as gratis appetizers. Six of us including a 19 month old went and we had a great time. Great food quality, great beverage choices and wonderful service!I really want to love this place but it always misses the mark for me. I have eaten here 3 times and I think I can say I get it. If you want good service sit at the bar. The shining star on the menu is the brisket options. I would go for apps and drinks at the bar but dinner just doesn't live up to other Mexican spots in the city.This place is delicious and good for vegetarians! My friends and I ordered off the lunch menu and each got either a soup or salad and various orders of tacos. The portions were large, esp my chop salad which was delicious. Even though I'm not a big fan of cauliflower, I ordered the cauliflower tacos and LOVED them. It was definitely something different but I'm glad I was adventurous enough to order it! The negative aspect of the restaurant was the service. It was really slow for the small amount of people present at the time. Otherwise I'd give them a 5 for the food :)This was probably the worst Mexican food I've ever eaten. We started with the nachos, which were decent. Then for the entree I ordered chicken fajitas. Terrible. The chicken was so over cooked and rubbery tasting. Also, not the traditional sizzling fajitas. It was a small chicken breast with a pile of melted cheese. The food is so awful and it's so loud you can't even enjoy a nice dinner. Never go hereThis was my first time dining here, so I won't give it 5-stars just yet. BUT, I really enjoyed everything about this place! The drinks were great (margarita), and the food was delicious. I had the pulled pork tacos & my husband had the chicken enchiladas. It was all very tasty. Can't wait to come back and try something else.Have been here with all different groups of people: large family gathering, small children and adults only celebrations. Each time we have extraordinary service and great food. Recommend the fish tacos!Best Chicken Tortilla Soup I've ever had!
Just off the Manayunk train stop, this is a fantastic Mexican restaurant! The ambiance is very cool and it's moderately priced.  I had Chicken Tortilla Soup and some Tacos, though I can't really remember the tacos. Not because the tacos were bad, but because the Chicken Tortilla Soup overshadows every Mexican dish I've had up to this point in my life. I'm not sure how they do it, but I'll definitely be returning for another bowl in the near future.This has become my wife and I's new go to Mexican place for drinks and a quick bite to eat. We've literally been here 12 times in the past 3 months (I just counted the reservations on opentable). The spinirita is my all time favorite margarita drink. The flavor changes occasionally depending on what frozen margaritas they have "on tap" but it's always delicious. Nachos and tacos are great and so is the service!We love this place! Excellent food and fantastic drinks! Probably the best restaurant in Manayunk! Try the street corn, the beef nachos, the tortilla soup and the coconut shrimp,! Guac is also the best I've tried around here! The margaritas and the palomas are soooo good!!!! 5 stars!!!!I'm a pretty big fan of this place. Their Mexican street corn is phenomenal. I'd have to say my favorite entrée here is their Brussels sprout tacos. Lovely atmosphere. Really good margaritas. Pretty decent service.*Restaurant Week Review*
A-Okay! This place was fun and festive and I enjoyed myself here but the food was not necessarily something I would write home about. 
The chicken tortilla soup tasted like ground up bean paste and I'm not a huge fan of beans so this turned me off a little bit, though my friend enjoyed it moreso. 
The tacos (chicken and cabbage) were also decent - nothing to wow! about but satisfied our hunger. Could have been a bit more full/flavorful.
The best part was we each got an appetizer, tacos (3 small ones) and a dessert (a scoop of icecream or gelato) for $15 each which is the maximum I would be willing to pay for a meal here - it wasn't that filling since portions are relatively small but it was a good sampler compared to the regular price of just the taco entrees ($12-$15).Stopped by for dinner, as a few people had recommended this place to me. So a friend of mine and I stopped in last night. We sat down and the server came over and said "should I start you off with some chips, salsa and guacamole?" We said yes, not knowing later we would be charged almost $9 for the guacamole alone! That was not a pleasant surprise when the check came. The margaritas were small for $8, so I would skip that next time or get a HH special. The food we got (enchiladas and pork al pastor tacos) was delicious and pleasantly surprising. To me, the portion size was not equivalent to how they were priced. The service was OK, it seemed like the waiter was distracted by other tables and it took us a while to get our drinks and the check. I would probably give it another try but it won't be my first pick.Aaaaand I'm done here. I guess I'm a glutton for punishment - but I tried to give this place another shot yesterday (note: my 3rd and final attempt) Immediately turned off by how rude the Sunday daytime hostess was - she gave us about 1.5 seconds to decide if we wanted to sit at the bar or a table before asking again with an extreme attitude and eye roll. We quickly just went to sit at the bar to get away from her.  The bartender literally just slapped menus down in front of us and walked away .. never said Hello / how are you? / what can I get you ? Etc. My friend and I work in restaurants and are just baffled at how this whole place has continued for months with this vibe. Whoever is hiring / supervising these workers with sour unwelcoming attitudes needs to be fired. I would love to love this place - it would probably be my go to on Main Street if everyone here didn't suck so bad. We chose to not stay yesterday based on this experience and took our business elsewhere. It's understandable that new restaurants need time to work out the kinks .. But especially during this time your FOH staff should be on point and friendly to customers. It's inevitable this place will fail on a street lined with other dining / bar options. Don't waste your time or money here !Excellent chicken tinga tacos, guac and house margaritas. Have also tried the crispy grasshopper tacos. Weird but good. Their lunch special is awesome for the amount of food you receive. Definitely our Mexican go-to for something nearby.Guacamole starter with chips and salsa was great! Mexican corn side was my favorite! Also liked the al pastor tacos and Mahi Mahi tacos. Originally told our wait was up to 30 minutes for a table for 2 and we ended up waiting 5 mins. Service was friendly and attentive. We will be back again.Hair in my entree. Everything else we had was mediocre at best. Ew ew ew #getittogether #unsanitaryTaqueria is awesome ! Katie the bartender is amazing! She was so attentive and she brought our drinks out within less than a minute (I had to take a bathroom break but she made our drinks within lightning speed!)Best chips and salsa I've ever had. I love that they come out warm. I've been here several times and have always enjoyed my experience. The wait staff is friendly and efficient. The food is amazing- I've had tacos and "big plates" and you can't go wrong. Everything is very flavorful and, since you've already filled up on chips and alcohol, just enough. I have 2 reason why I don't go there more. They aren't deal breakers but worth a mention 1) cramped inside/loud when busy  2) a higher price than sometimes I want to pay for Mexican (although always worth it).I have driven by this place so many time and always say I am going to try it. The place is really cute. Very colorful and fun inside as far as decor is concerned. I sat down and was greeted right away by the manager. My server, Jackie, was really nice. I asked her about the nachos and the pork carnitas tacos. She said the nachos are HUGE. I like when a server is honest about the food. Now take it I am not looking for fine dinning, I am here on a Saturday afternoon looking for a quick bite. Jackie was quick, polite and knowledgeable! Perfect for a place like this. This place is great for big parties! I can imagine bringing 10 plus people for happy hour and then dinner and having a fun experience. I will tell you this, as I sat down and ordered I looked at the Yelp reviews and thought, "uh oh did I just make a mistake?" I ordered a margarita on the rocks with salt and I got just that! My margarita had plenty of salt! Perfect! So as I sat there reading, I thought I hope I didn't make a mistake! I am so happy to report that I LOVE this place! My pork carnitas came out perfect. There were 3 to an order. My tacos were crispy on the top and then juicy when I bit into them. The perfect mixture of onions, cilantro, avocado and sauce. I am really happy that I stopped in and will definitely be back. I highly recommend this place! Manager, service and food was great! A fun taco/margarita joint! Don't listen to all the reviews. Be subjective! A lot of people just want to bitch for a free meal! Not this veteran!Ohhhh- never again. Went with my friend last. Surprised to see that it was packed and a 30 minute wait. The guy at the front door was extremely nice as was their hostess, he offered us to wait to at the bar to be seated or we could eat at the bar. 
I don't think I have ever met a bartender that was more rude than the one we experienced last night. I get, I used to work hospitality, when the place is packed you are busy and in the zone. He didn't acknowledge us ( fine your were busy), didn't give us menus for over 5 minutes, then just gave us one menu to share when there was a stack of them sitting behind the bar. After 10 minutes we ordered our drinks, it took about 5 minutes for the pitcher of the margarita/sangria mix to come out. I will say the drinks themselves were very good, in his defense he may be able to do he actual job, but man if you are that miserable and rude why don't you  work somewhere else.
 The waitress was a bubbly blonde with a huge smile and was really nice, she checked to make sure there wasn't meat sauce in the dish we wanted to order. I think her name was Brittany or Anna- anyway she was a very nice server. 
Nachos weren't bad, the street corn was in a super soupy sauce, not bad but someone in the kitchen has a heavy hand with the liquid smoke. The food wasn't anything compared to La Calaca in Fairmount. I will say that they had a beet salad that was pretty awesome though, it was one of their specials the waitress told us about.
Food was a 6 or 7 out of 10. The place was super packed and their seating layout was everyone everyone jam packed next to the next table. The crowd was also a bit younger than I had hoped. I don't have anything against anyone who is 21-25, but they do kinda wreck the experience of just having a nice meal with a friend and a few drinks when they are having a shouting match of who can talk over who because they are all *blitzed* at 8 pm on a Thursday night. One kiddie next table over, less than two feet away, was stumbling drunk when she left.
I was surprised that the meals were so different between this location and La Calaca in Fairmount. They are supposed to be owned by the same people. i don't know- super rude bartender, packed house with kiddies that want to get crunk on a weeknight, and being packed in like sardines.....I would rather just go to La Calaca and enjoy my meal and not be rushed. Sorry Taqueria, I wanted to love you.Seriously, one of the best things to happen to manayunk.  Great food, great atmosphere, and always pretty good service!  We go here on a weekly basis sometimes and Taqueria Feliz never disappoints.  The food is always delicious (same for the drinks!).  Would recommend this place in a heartbeat!Very bad acoustically! Could hardly hear each other talk across the table from one another in the small room on the left. That was exasperated by a large table of loud people.Guacamole was flavorless. Had no Onions or tomatoes. Did not see or taste cilantro either. The salsa was flavored with chipotle which was not good. Had a blackberry margarita that I would not order again. Everything was extremely overpriced. If you love Mexican food, this is not the place to go for it.The food was good-- I had the cauliflower tacos, which I thought were really unique and a pleasant surprise for a vegetarian (something other than a bean burrito, yay!).  The guac was basically like all other guacs.  The 3 chili marg was good. 
The service though, that was the let down.  Would've been nice if our waitress didn't spend most of the time talking to her friends seated next to us about how drunk they all got the night before.I LOVE MEXICAN FOOD. 
Atmosphere : chill and dark outside and indoor seating 
Let me start of by saying do not DO NOT go to this place on a whim plan ahead and get there on time. I have been wanting to visit this place since we moved months ago. My boyfriend and I planned a date night here and it was a total bummer. We were running a little late, we questioned still going because the kitchen closed at 10 but we said screw it a good place to eat is a good place to eat no matter what time. NOT THE CASE.
We got in around 9:10 and ordered right away... 
It started of with our server asking my boyfriend if he wanted a corona on draft NOT MENTIONING it was corona lite we looked over the menu and asked her to change it to the bottle reg corona. 
I asked our waitress Kendra what kind of margaritas they had and she gave me a list (great) then I asked which one she would suggest she read the list again ??? 
I ordered a passion fruit margarita WITH salt when our server Kendra brought it to me it had little to no salt on it. We're thinking okay not a big deal. Then we get our food .... Okay you know from the 1 star rating this isn't the good part.
The price would've been alright if the food was amazing again NOT the case. 17.95 for fajitas that tasted like they were microwaved. 
My boyfriend will eat anything so him saying his food was good doesn't really count. 
While we were at the movies I was DREAMING about steak fajitas. When I took my first bite I wanted to spit them out. I had such high hopes for this places sadly I was let down. 
Sorry if this was a buzz kill.My party of 4 came to Taqueria Feliz last night for dinner and had a great meal! To start off the queso fundido with chorizo was absolutely delicious I would recommend you try it ! I had the Carolina BBQ shrimp tacos and they were also very delicious ! I felt that the servings were very appropriately sized and I did not leave the restaurant feeling hungry.  We of course had some frozen margaritas. I tried both the strawberry and the pineapple/strawberry swirl margarita, both were very good with an appropriate level of alcohol in both drinks. Lastly, our server was great! He was present at the table and kept our drinks refilled. We will definitely come back to this restaurant again!My husband and I recently came back from a NYC trip. While there, we had tasted amazing brisket tacos at a contemporary Mexican bistro in Midtown. When we got home, I immediately searched for brisket tacos near us. That's how we came upon Taqueria Feliz (thanks Yelp!). My husband picked up take out from here last night and it was delicious. The food was promptly ready for pick up. We got an order of Korean BBQ tacos and Suadero tacos (each order came with 3 tacos). Both were absolutely delicious. I added sliced avocado from my fridge on the suadero's which I'm sure may be an option in the restaurant. The brisket was in cut in chunks, as opposed to shredded (which was how we had them at the other place). One critique would be that the brisket be more tender, but maybe that was because it sat for a bit while my husband drove home. Either way, this is a solid place for tacos.We came here because a friend recommended it. We are so happy we did. The food was amazing! We went on a Sunday night and they have sangria for $5! We were sat promptly and ordered the guacamole and chips for an appetizer and our meals were the fish tacos and the pork carnitas. The pork carnitas were delicious! I ordered the fish tacos with one grilled taco and the other tempura fried. I honestly can't pick which one I liked more. They were both so tasty. I can't wait to go back!My boyfriend and I have been anxiously waiting for Taqueria Feliz to open and we were not disappointed! We showed up this past Friday at 7:30 and were told there was a hour and a half wait.... not a problem since the bar area was fun and the waitresses/bartenders very helpful.
We sat down just when we were suppose to and everything was fantastic! We started with the classic Feliz margaritas which were awesome. Then we shared the guacamole/salsa appetizer which was a little smaller portion than I was expecting due to the price but it was very delicious! 
For our entrees, I got the crispy fish tacos and my boyfriend got the brisket tacos.  We shared the mexican street corn. Everything was delicious but the brisket tacos and street corn were INCREDIBLE. 
We almost got dessert because everything sounded good but instead we just went for 2 more margaritas :) 
Definitely check out this new restaurant -- you will not be sorry!!Couldn't wait to try this place..my brother was in town Saturday with his wife for a long layover so I took them here.  This place could be really cool but it misses the mark.  Service was excellent but a little too in your face.  The margaritas tasted good but were not nearly strong enough- not at all.  Not impressed by the guacamole either for 8$.  The shrimp ceviche would've have been awesome if it had vodka in it.  It tasted just like a Bloody Mary.  The fish tacos and the al pastor tacos were delicious.  I hope taqueria feliz can figure it out.  Fix the drinks and I would come hang out at the bar and eat fish tacos.Their vegetarian tacos are delicious - and they have more than one of them on the menu!  A rare treat for a vegetarian like me.Eh, the food was tasteless and cold. I wouldn't say this is authentic Mexican. Service was good howeverEverytime I have been here the food and drinks have been great. The service is always good. The food is just a little to pricey.Mouth watering good. Not the same old Mexican fare. Unusual flavors and food combinations.  I enjoyed it very much.Awesome tacos- I had chicken tinga tacos. Perfect portion. Delicious margarita. Had seasonal cheesecake for dessert. Good outdoor seating. Allows dogs for outdoor seating, which is a plus.Carne Asada was delicious! Perfectly cooked. Nicely spiced. Side of grilled scallions was interesting. Smoked pepper was spicy! Generous portion of guacamole and pico!
Shrimp tacos were good. Sweet sauce was tasty! 
Didn't get any drinks but they do have Don Julio 1942!! Do wanna come back and try that.
Service was good and quick. Taco Tuesday's are $3 off! Wish they had $1 tacos or something like that...I had a really great experience at Taqueria Feliz. Granted, they had just opened and we were the only people in the restaurant, but we were extremely well attended to by staff. As for the food, the guacamole appetizer we ordered was huge and totally addictive.  anytime we ran low on chips the waiter brought more over (without being asked). We both ordered the special - two tacos al pastor with a beer for $10. Fantastic deal and fantastic tacos! The pork was salty and juicy which played off the sweetness of the pineapple and the lemony cilantro all on top of a fresh tortilla. Our entire meal was around $25 and we both left full and extremely satisfied!My boyfriend and I went here on a whim for tacos last Friday, SUPER GOOD! We both got margaritas one frozen and one in the rocks both great and strong! Then started with their fiery crab guacamole which was soooo good with the crab as suggested by our server (who was super sweet btw!) the salsa that comes with it was super good too! I got the chicken tinga tacos and he got the Carolina BBQ tacos which he looooved! You get there's tacos with each Order and they were loaded up! We also got the street corn to share, make sure you mix it up to get all the saucy goodness from the bottom! 
We will totally be back! And would recommend to anyone looking for some good tacos in manayunk !It's tough to curry favor for a Mexican restaurant in this area with all the good choices around.  Ended up going for Manayunk restaurant week which I applaud this place for being the only good deal on main st.  Ended up getting the tostada de chorizo for an app which was presented well but made it standout. The pork tacos for an entree were good overflowing but I've had better.  The dessert was just standard breyers strawberry ice cream.  In additional to the meal we had the sangria which I found disappointing compared to other places such as Tinto or the Melting pot.  Beer selection was okay and I also got the tequila flight which was a nice to have on the menu.  Service was great very friendly and ambiance was loud and chaotic.  It's currently the hip spot to go on Main st as the new kid on the block.  Seems like it'll have staying power but there are better mexican choices out there.The word that comes to mind for this place is "bleh". It wasn't bad but it wasn't great. Totally satisfactory but nothing special. It's not authentic. My friend ordered the Kale salad and I ordered tortilla soup . They both were simple and well done. The service was great though. It's an ok spot.Noisy and tight but good food. I had the fish tacos. Very good with a generous portion. Side of really good guacamole mmmm!  My sister had the mushroom tacos. Very very small portion-wise. She wasn't impressed with the flavor either they were just ok. Next time I will try something more adventurous. Maybe even the cricketsAs a lover of Mexican/Tex-Mex/Latin American cuisine, I was thrilled to see Taqueria Feliz open up on Main Street. I will be brief with my review:
Pros: Colorful, pleasant atmosphere. Seating is not too cramped, great spot for a Friday night date. Servers are pleasant and prompt. I got queso fundido, a personal fav, and was very satisfied. Prices were decent too.
Cons: Chips and salsa cost extra. Margaritas are very weak. I found the selection to be a little Americanized, which isn't necessarily a bad thing. 
I will definitely revisit this restaurant. The energy of the staff was very positive and the ambiance of the place was inviting. Stop by if you're in the neighborhood, but you may want to pregame.Stay away from this spot unless if your looking for a visit to the emergency room 
I hate their fish here also my had fish tacos as well and we both got really sick went home and started throwing up. My stomach felt like it wanted to explode, all night tossing and with this burning sensation. After a long night of this I decided to go to the ER because I couldn't take it anymore. So when I met the doctor he told me it's is definitely food poisoning from the seafood that I had from this restaurant. So the next day I called to reach out to the GM which is Anthony and he did nothing to help me and didn't seem to care. I tried to work with him but he didn't care for my health. So just watch out from this place.I had heard really good thing about this place, so I decided to drop in for some dinner with a long lost amigo for some guac and catching-up.  I must say, they've done great things with the place.  It's super cute!  We got a nice little table for 2 and began to chat.  Our waitress took our drink order... which was great... and then asked us if we were ready to order.  I hadn't even looked at the menu yet.  I wanted to relax and enjoy a drink and relax and relax and relax... and yes i know i wrote relax 4x.  That's how much I needed to relax.  Our waitress came back 30 seconds later to see if we were ready to order... at which point we quick looked at our menu... but again got distracted... but not for long as she was back quite literally 2 minutes later for our order.  Again, we told her we weren't ready... and this time we focused on giving her what she needed so we could buy some time to chat.  
We decided to split the chips and guac... and I got the cauliflour tacos... and she got the fish tacos.  Then we began to chat... and this time we had a lot more luck.  The guac came out in like 5 minutes which was great.  It was really delicious.  I enjoyed the consistancy in that it had nice big chunks of avocado in addition to the more pureed down stuff... and a really great spice and lime flavor.  It also came with a mole salsa that was really smoky and delicious too.  The tortilla chips seemed to be made there which was great... and they had lots of salt on them... not too much... but i hate it when a place makes chips and forgets the salt... these were perfect.
So we got to chat... and munch... for all of 5 minutes... and then our entrees came out... we had been there for less than 15 minutes for a nice RELAXING dinner... and i was already sitting in front of my entree.  I should mention that the restaurant was fairly empty too.  I don't consider myself an inconsiderate diner.  
So now our dinner is getting cold... and we're trying to catch up... but finally the pace was in our control so we took our time and ate at our own pace.  My tacos were pretty amazing.  The cauliflour was fried which was oh so yummy.  The order came with 3 tiny tacos that togehter constituted a pretty decent meal.  They were accompanied by some nopal, and this green sauce that was pretty perfect as a complement.  I really can't complain at all about the food.
The second I finished my 3rd taco, my plate was taken away which i'm not a huge fan of.  I feel like it makes the person I'm with feel rushed... and rushing was NOT the name of the game... but apparently that memo was missed.
We took a desert menu... not because we wanted desert, but because we wanted to gain some extra time to breathe.  Upon not ordering desert, our check was promptly brought out... and before you know it... we were just monopolizing a table.
All in all, the food here is great, but the service was better suited for lunch, or maybe down by the stadiums where people want to get in and get out?  I really was looking forward to seeing my friend and having an opportunity to chat over a nice meal.  It just didn't work out that way.  I'd be back...but only with the expectations of a really quick meal!I like this place a lot. It's a right up there with the best Mexican food places. I never crave to go here though, it must be the prices.I was extremely pleased with the service at Taqueria Feliz. Despite the restaurant being full with people even standing at the bar, we were seated right away with our reservation. 
The waitress - a young blonde who I forget the name of unfortunately - did a tremendous job. Possibly one of the best in recent memory. The restaurant was packed and she never slowed down. To start, I don't remember her even writing anything down. Everything was by memory. She knew all the drinks on tap off the top of her head and the menu inside out. As the evening went on she noticed one in our party who ordered a pina colada frozen margarita but had only taken a sip or two. Without hesitation, she asked if something was wrong with it as she was walking by to run a check. The girl in our party said she didn't like it and the waitress replaced it without charge. This was even more impressive considering how busy it was. Everything was prompt and our drinks were never empty. On top of all that, drinks were strong which I greatly appreciated. Very impressive.
The food itself is good. My Korean BBQ tacos were great. The guacamole, however, was average. It did not impressive me despite the high price. Overall a great experience but if you're a Mexican restaurant (and I use that term loosely since the place has Korean BBQ tacos.. which is obviously not Mexican), you have to nail the guacamole.
Points for: Service, service, service. Strong mixed drinks. Korean BBQ tacos
No points: GuacamoleThis is a cool place to enjoy tacos and a margarita. The decor is colorful, fun and whimsical, its bright blue and yellow facade really stands out from other Manayunk eateries.
On Monday nights they run a good deal: $10 special pork carnitas which includes a can of Tecate beer.  The place was buzzing mostly with twenty somethings, and the windows were open to the cool evening air.  The Feliz Margarita is very tasty and has enough booze in it, no need to order anything top shelf or exotic and its fairly priced at $7.50.  Another bargain is the large bowl of house made chips and salsa for $1.50.  
As to the tacos, the taste/quality seem to vary. We had the brisket which packed a good amount of spice,but the lamb barbacoa was dry and lacking much flavor.  On a previous visit I had the chicken tacos which were good.  Really wished I had gone for the pork carnitas and so next time will give them a try.
Overall, recommend.Came here last Thursday with my boyfriend for happy hour drinks and an appetizer.
Initial reaction was that I was in LOVE with the decor, whoever designed the restaurant knows interior style, it's adorable. We got there around 5 o'clock and it wasn't very busy, a couple people at the bar watching the soccer game and as we hung out a few groups came in for dinner.
We each started out with a blood orange margarita ($5.50 for the happy hour margaritas plus $2 for the added fruit) it was meh for me, wasn't crazy about the fruit flavor & I usually love blood orange, my boyfriend thought it was okay. I followed up with a regular margarita which I highly preferred in taste & the price was more reasonable for happy hour. 
We split the nachos ($10 I believe) and they were out of this world! So good and probably the best I've ever had. We got beef added (+ $3) and I would say pass on added meat, we barely noticed the beef and they definitely stand on their own without any meat. The cheese blend was perfect and they were tasty and filling! You get a fairly large plate and it was plenty to fill us both up. 
Verdict: great place for house margaritas and nachos on a quieter weekday. Can't comment on entrees or weekend crowds but we will definitely be back to try some other things out!Huge fan of the nachos here (large portion, covered in everything you could ever wish for) and their margaritas are amazing! If you like plaintains, I also recommend that side dish. My biggest complaint is the wait; the last time we were here, we waited more than an hour for our food to come, only to have a manager arrive to re-take our order... it wasn't a good day.Guacamole was amazing with homemade chips. We got the Korean tacos and the Monday special carnitas and Tecate. Rice and beans are also really good!Poor service , food was not great and drinks were expensive with no kick !! The chipotle sausa was not good ! Very disappointed.We had an amazing meal tonight at Taqueria Feliz! To start, I had the passion fruit margarita (one of the specials) and my boyfriend had the Feliz margarita (happy hour marg). We also had chips and guacamole, which to our surprise also came with salsa. Of course, we filled up a little too much on chips and margs before our main entrees came- fish tacos (grilled) for me and enchiladas pollo for him. Everything was delicious and ingredients better and fresher than some of the other Mexican restaurants in the Philly area. We will definitely be back, and I look forward to trying the outdoor seating!I have never been disappointed here. Hands down best nachos in manayunk! Great for a fun dinner out.This is one of our regular spots in Manayunk. Happy hour specials are good. I think the bartender, Steve, is really great. Only had one mishap there where they accident gave us beef nachos instead of cheese. I don't eat meat, so discovering it at the first bite wasn't my favorite moment. But they apologized profusely and took care of our tab, which was very generous. We will continue to make it for a weekly happy hour!So I really want to love this place but every time I've been there I always leave feeling a little disappointed.   They have a great decor and really good Happy Hour specials that occur at typical happy hour times and repeat late night.  This is a huge plus.  The food is solid.  The service is ok, bartenders are good but once it gets crowded they fall off a bit. I think that's what gets me. Overall,  I still think its worth a stop on Main Street.Saturday nite bartender was not friendly at all .. Stopped in hoping to hang out for a bit because they were not packed and it looked like a more mellow scene. As soon as I walked in up the bar the bartender quickly snapped before I could even say anything that they "didn't have food and the kitchen was closed " ..... My response ... Ummm ok I just wanted a drink .. Hi how are you tonite? ::sarcastically:: 
I settled on a shot and left. (Would have left without any business but we used their bathroom so I felt as though I should purchase something) 
I really want to love this place .. But they are 2 for 2 with crappy service.Great guacamole and chicken empenadas! Add fruit to the margarita- they taste great!!Awesome restaurant!  Best fish tacos I ever had.   
Service was prompt and courteous. Our server was Donzel and he was excellent. The food was delivered to our table by  Edwin, who spoke fluent Spanish and was easily able to explain the menu items we had questions about; however, all of the wait staff seemed knowledgeable and very attentive.  Atmosphere is casual and food and drink prices are very reasonable. 
In response to other postings:
If you want a quiet place to eat, brown bag your food and visit a library!  For God's sake, this is, after all, a bar.
If you want lightning quick service, try McDonald's or Wendy's.
Overall, a great new spot to relax and enjoy delicious, authentic Mexican food.  We will definitely revisit.  Highly recommend. Definitely worthy of all 5 stars!!Fairly mediocre food and service. My husband loved the steak fajitas but my kids and I thought our food was meh. Very slow service and no drink refills the entire night. Wanted to love it but won't go back.Love! We have been going since it opened. Ridiculously good food, great service and consistently nice staff. I like seeing the same people working there every time we go. That also tells you a place is being run properly when they keep their employees for a long time. Delicious margaritas and tequila selection, good music and vibes and the queso fundido is the best. It always gets crowded- but don't let that deter you from waiting. Every time we go when it's crowded we wait for about half the time they quoted us to wait, or if we wait we end up having plenty of room in the bar for a cocktail. I love this place because when you're inside you don't feel like you're in manayunk- it feels like a well run city restaurant.Our kids meal took over an hour - for a cheese quesadilla.  We were served canned corn with sprinkle cheese.  Authentic Mexican corn for from a can?  They didn't have the drink my husband ordered.  And it was over priced.  And why were the plantains covered in cheese!  Please, people, could you do Mexican worse?  And then they dumped the cheesy corn on me :). But it was free, so moving them up to two stars.The decore, location, and ambiance is great, but the food itself was really hit or miss. A group of 6 of us went this past Sunday around 5pm and had a disappointing experience. The service was good, but even though we were ordering quite a bit of food, drinks and dessert, it constantly felt like they were trying to rush us out. 
Highlights included:
Three Chili Margarita
Breaded Fish Tacos
Chocolate Cake
Lows: 
Nachos
Chicken Enchiladas
Drink Prices
Charging for Chips and Salsa
The sauce on the enchiladas tasted like watered down marinara and the chicken was tough. It just didn't work. The nachos were loaded with peppers and jalapenos and very little of anything else.The regular margarita was super sweet and neither drink seemed worth the price. Also, I'd rather the entrees be 50 cents higher than be charged for chips and salsa. It has potential, but just isn't there yet.This was our first visit here and we had a great time. I am not sure why people are complaining about the food or drinks. They were both excellent. J.P and I being vegetarians have limited options when going out. But Taqueria Feliz had enough veggie options to satisfy our palate. The house wine. Was great. We ordered guacamole and chips with salsa. The chips were crispy and salsa and guac were AMAZING! We also ordered cauliflower tacos, mushroom quesadilla, corn queso and sweet plantains. Barring the quesadilla, the food was AMAZING too. The quesadilla needs some work. But who is perfect? 
Our server was really sweet and very attentive. It's rare to find such great servers! 
Overall we had a great time. Haters can chill. Taqueria is a restaurant with great food and service.This place was bogus, bland.  The reviews on here are highly over-rated. I've BEEN to several Mexican restaurants, from Louisiana, Texas, Va, Iowa, Chicago and this was just lame. I ordered my default meal of the quesadilla which came to 10.95. Let me tell you, I could've gone to Taco Bell, bought a quesadilla and cut tomatoes in tiny bites and had change for three more.
They had NO Queso, which, I've never heard of a restaurant which doesnt serve that. Highly over-rated place.So to start off with the turn offs: seating was very tight, making the atmosphere a very noisy one. But what can you do, it is MANAYUNK. If you're not from this area, know that you will have to find street parking (weekdays are free)! I would call for a reservation if you'd like to skip the wait! I went during happy hour and was a little disappointed in the limited amount of options. The list probably included less than 5 items (mostly meat options). I got 2 fish tacos for 10$. It was a little pricey but definitely left me pretty full. Come here if you don't find another good taco place in the area (not hard since it's Philly), but it wouldn't be my first pick.Fish tacos were bangin. Blood orange margarita was good, $10 each. The guacamole... $8!!!! It was good but way too expensive. 3 drinks, two meals, guac and dessert were $75. They don't take reservations so we had a 45 minute wait. Maybe wait until after Christmas, the crowd will die down by then.Good modern mexican restaurant. Great margaritas, enjoyed the cubana sandwich and plantains as well. Friendly host/staff but it definitely takes awhile to get seated as was evidenced by them missing their seating time estimates for several of us hanging out by the bar. You can call ahead but it seems like they don't really put you on the top of the list until you show up. It's a little lame that they charge you 1.50 for chips/salsa but they're definitely worth it. Will definitely be back at some pointAaaaand I'm done here. I guess I'm a glutton for punishment - but I tried to give this place another shot yesterday (note: my 3rd and final attempt) Immediately turned off by how rude the Sunday daytime hostess was - she gave us about 1.5 seconds to decide if we wanted to sit at the bar or a table before asking again with an extreme attitude and eye roll. We quickly just went to sit at the bar to get away from her.  The bartender literally just slapped menus down in front of us and walked away .. never said Hello / how are you? / what can I get you ? Etc. My friend and I work in restaurants and are just baffled at how this whole place has continued for months with this vibe. Whoever is hiring / supervising these workers with sour unwelcoming attitudes needs to be fired. I would love to love this place - it would probably be my go to on Main Street if everyone here didn't suck so bad. We chose to not stay yesterday based on this experience and took our business elsewhere. It's understandable that new restaurants need time to work out the kinks .. But especially during this time your FOH staff should be on point and friendly to customers. It's inevitable this place will fail on a street lined with other dining / bar options. Don't waste your time or money here !Let's keep this simple.  
The food and drink here are five stars.  Mexican street corn (in a bowl, so not sloppy), cauliflower tacos, and grasshopper tacos were excellent.  House margaritas a nice size and strength at a good price.  Grasshopper tacos (forget the Spanish name) were quite spicy, very small, and caused my girlfriend to not be able to look up from her plate until I finished each and every bug.  Thankfully that didn't take long as I really did enjoy this dish.  Just simple fried insects, guac, finely chopped onion, and cilantro.
So why three stars, amigo?
Minus one - noise.  Loudest restaurant I've been in besides Twenty Manning Grill.
Minus two - service.  Waiter asked if we were ready to order within 30 seconds of our sitting down.  No, we aren't.  Then disappeared for the next 15+ minutes until we eventually had to flag someone else down to place our order.  The erratic behavior continued throughout the meal and was pretty frustrating.
Are these two things fixable with some open windows, soft features, and time?  Of course.  Will I come back?  You betcha - it's the best food in Manayunk for my money.  But I calls it like I sees it for now.Beer battered coconut shrimp are so amazing!!! Sweet and salty in one mouthful. I'll definitely go back there for those! Though the service was below standard, the food was worth it.Went here last Saturday for a late lunch. My boyfriend and I started the meal off with the guacamole and chips. The guac was delicious and the chips fresh. It also came with a side of salsa that I didn't find too flavorful. Tasted kind of like ketchup.
For our meal we decided to share the chicken tinga and pork carnitas tacos. Both were delicious but the pork carnitas were on another level. The carnitas were so flavorful and the ends of the pork bits had this wonderful crispiness to them that had my boyfriend and I arguing over who got the last one (I won out since I suggested ordering them). Additionally, the chicken tinga tacos had pickled cabbage and queso fresco on top that complimented the flavor of the chicken really well.
The service was friendly and very fast. The only reason I gave 4 and not 5 stars was for the prices. I could justify paying that much for tacos if the portions were a little larger, and/or if it were Center City, not Manayunk. With that said, we still left with our bellies full, and we'll definitely be back.Visited the restaurant for the first time, and they didn't have any air conditioning (95 degrees outside and humid, humid). The waitress told us the A/C was out the day before too, and yet they still opened for business. I find it in poor taste when you have so few standards that you'll still try to squeeze a few bucks out of customers when your restaurant isn't functioning. Put a sign up, close your doors, and open for business when you can function properly. Have some pride in the quality of your business, and your customers' experience. 
We ended up ordering our food to go after sitting in the hot, stuffy joint for several minutes, and things didn't improve too much from there. Queso was overfilled with peppers, and was average at best, the brisket tacos were on the dry side, and the tortillas tasted like they were pulled out of a plastic bag (not home made). The refried beans and tortilla chips were tasty, for sure. 
May return for a second visit, but that's a big maybe.Food always good. Service this Sunday terrible. 3 servers. Only saw her twice. To take our order and give the check. Had to ask other servers where our food and drinks were twice. Good thing I didn't want another marg cause they never came back to ask. I thought union taco had bad service but this is worse.  Probably be closed in a year.Holy crap this place is amazing. Had a delicious marg made to order and Guac (Chipotle salsa is insane) and Fish Tacos and the corn side dish... The corn!!!!!!!  ALL CORN LOVERS COME TRY THIS CORN. It is sweet and savory and creamy and fresh and wow. Unbelievable!!
I am not one to compare but I haven't eaten this well since the first time I went to El Vez in the city (Steven Starr)
Phenomenal food. Great service. Strong and perfect drinks. I will crave that corn until the next time I have it.Feliz is a cool, new-looking place on Main Street in Manayunk. It reminds me of Mad Mex: solid margaritas and Mexican food, but with fancier dishes. That said, it's also slightly more pricey than Mad Mex. Also, while I enjoyed my brisket tacos, my wife's fried pork tacos weren't great. The nachos (with chicken) were impressive, too, and the wait staff was really attentive and quick to remove empty plates from the table of our large party.
If it was slightly less expensive (similar to an El Limon in Conshy and Malvern), I think it would clean up on Main Street, but prices are a little high for the college-student crowd.Early dinner on Sat. nite. As the place filled got much too loud.This food is without a doubt the best Mexican/Cuban food in Manayunk... possibly the entire Philadelphia area. 
I was here last night. It is tight quarters and super loud, however it is SO DELICIOUS. If you want spicy, they've got it. If you want not so spicy... maybe a little tougher to find. 
The initial chips and salsa (not free, but worth it) came with a very subtle salsa that ended on a high note of chipotle. We also ordered the ceviche which is a little pricey at $8, but there is a lot. Perfect for two people. 
Also, Happy Hour is from 4:30-6. The normal drinks are pricey but are expertly crafted. 
I ordered the Cubana sandwich (opting against the normal tacos). So good. The pork belly was tender and the mustard seed/sauce was the perfect tang to counter the spice in the sandwich. 
For the final price (Girlfriend had some tacos), it was perfectly fine... I highly recommend coming here for happy hour as the margaritas are perfect to balance out everythingTaqueria Feliz is ok - nothing more, nothing less. The tables are very close together, which can make it difficult to hear and provide you with any personal space. The menu is rather limited. We ordered the grilled fish tacos and lamb heart tacos. The fish tacos would have been good, except they were swimming in dressing and the lamb hearts were dry and tasteless. TF's drinks are rather pricy, for example, a glass of house wine (with a really really short pour) was $9. Our waitress rushed us and put the check on the table without asking if we wanted anything else - we had been there 45 minutes in total.
Just an average experience, not worth revisiting.Great for a fast meal, not as good if you don't want to be rushed. Staff is very nice but there's no question that they want you to move it alongMy friend and I walked in here after a long afternoon of waiting for SEPTA on a street corner for over an hour (the bus never showed up so we Ubered it to Manayunk) and arriving to the StrEAT festival to insane lines for all of the trucks.
Since we were starving, we gave up on the trucks and headed in here. We put our name in and a few minutes later, a text came through saying that the table was ready. We were seated in the smaller room off to the left, and it was spacious and not terribly loud.
So before I go on, I should probably mention that I love-love La Calaca Feliz (their sister restaurant in Fairmount) and also love Beast & Ale so I was likely biased even before any food showed up. But even if that's the case, I can still say that we had a fantastic time.
Our server was on-point -- always checking in to make sure we had enough water and to see if we needed anything. We both ended up ordering the exact same meal: the mission style chicken quesadillas with spiniritas. We also split chips and salsa.
The spinirita was a nice twist on the traditional margarita and wasn't horribly sweet.  The chips and salsa were great. The salsa was thick and the chips tasted fresh.
The quesadillas were phenomenal. They were so delicious and cheesy. Such a great choice and I wish all quesadillas tasted just like theirs.
All in all, this turned out to be a great alternative to the mobbed food truck festival. I hope to visit again at some point!Absolutely loved this place! The guacamole is amazing, as is the smoky chipotle salsa that comes with it. My friends and I each shared different taco dishes and they were all fantastic. Perfectly seasoned and just the right size! We also shared refried beans and plantains - both amazing. My friends and I relaxed after dinner and had another round of margaritas for "dessert". Our waitress was super sweet, will be coming here again and again!Love taqueria feliz!  Been here multiple times. Staff is friendly. Came before opening on a weeknight and they allowed us in and served us drinks and apps quickly at the bar. Margaritas are delicious.. my mouth is watering thinking about them.  Food is awesome. Recently tried Brussel sprouts tacos (i am not a vegetarian) and they were amazing.The guacamole was a waste of money, overpriced and tasteless. We ordered pork carnitas and cauliflower tacos. The cauliflower taco was amazing and very flavorful. The carnitas were okay and not disappointing. I'm not coming back here.
Update: Gave it a second try cuz of the veggie taco. If you like habanero sauce, just come for that else this place sucks. Not coming again, adios muchacho.I would give this place 3.5 stars if I could.  I've been here 3 times and it's definitely above average overall.
The food here is really good.  I've liked everything I've had and I've had different items each time.   The flavors are complex and interesting and their taco fillings are pretty unique.
The first time I went here I had the most amazing chorizo and potato tacos, but they were a special and I wish they would make them a permanent menu item.  They used to have a torta on the menu, which was meaty, tasty and also very messy, but we'll worth it. I was kinda bummed to see this missing from the menu this last time. They did add mushroom tacos to the menu and those were well worth the addition.  I recently had the enchilada's with mole which were good, but I didn't technically order the kind I got and didn't realize it until I had started eating them.
This next part is why I give them 3 stars, the service.  It's slightly sub par in my opinion.  I asked the server about a choice between tacos and the enchiladas and she said the enchiladas since the mole sauce was so good, so I went with it.  I didn't realize she was talking about different enchiladas since there were two on the menu and it's an up charge for the mole, which wasn't made clear either.  They try to up-sell you on menu items with out you knowing.  They push the guacamole a lot when you are seated and it's expensive guacamole for what you get.  The servers are so scattered that they can forget about you and you can't remember which one is yours.  This last time they weren't familiar with the menu and didn't clarify the menu when we ordered to make sure they understood.  
I would definitely eat here again, but I'll also know what to expect when I sit down.We didn't have a reservation, but found 2 seats at the bar... we like sitting at bars! The atmosphere is bright, fun & lively. Fun decor. Wine [our seemed light, however, it was a nice glass of Albarino. We ordered the guacamole, salsa & chips to start, it was good, fresh. Problem #1: We were never given a place setting. We had to ask & it was basically thrown on the bar for us to set ourselves. 
Problem #2: We were never offered water, had to ask.
These are not, by themselves, big deals, however, the service did lack t the bar. We were asked if we were dining at the bar, we answered "Yes". At that point,  we should have been given plates, silverware, napkins, etc...
The food itself was fresh & good... not over the top great, but good. We had the grilled fish tacos, chicken tacos, jicama salad. All very good. Brought home an order of brisket tacos for our son, he really enjoyed them. We'll go back sometime, but not rushing.
It's good, not great... 
Nice to have in Manayunk though.The menu is pretty limited in terms of food. Went on a date here with my boyfriend and maybe we picked the wrong dish for the place but the food was very dry. I was not impressed. As my boyfriend noted it was kind of a better place to go with girlfriends, not the best food selection for men. Then again my boyfriend is somewhat picky. I would return and give them another try, but maybe go for the tacos.Finally!  Good mexican in Manayunk!  The owners of Taqueria Feliz also own Cantina Feliz which are both very good.  They have another spot in center city which I haven't been too.  The menu at Taqueria Feliz is limited - focuses mainly on tacos - hence the name.  Overall the food and drink are really good with good service too.
We went on a Friday night and the noise level was crazy, but its Manayunk on a Friday night, so I kinda expected it.Best fajitas I've ever had! The food is pretty overpriced but I went during restaurant week and got a 3 course meal for 25 dollars which was great!I will absolutely be coming here for dinner once I move to the area this summer. We came here for drinks and nachos not too long ago and were very pleased. Great environment, really bangin nachos and the drinks specials were really good and cheap. The bartender was so nice too. I like this place a lot so far, and I'm very excited to try the food.I have been here twice, once for drinks and once for dinner. It gets super busy on a sat so a reservation is recommended. We waited about 15 past our reservation to be seated, no big deal. The food was great I would recommend that smoked lamb dish it is yummy, and the chili margarita is fantastic. the main problem was that the place was so loud! I felt like I was shouting across the table and was constantly saying 'what?!' Every 5 seconds so that was annoying. I would for sure recommend this place but maybe a week night would have been more my style.I have eaten there 4 times now because my coworkers keep wanting to go back. 2 times I couldn't eat it because it was nothing but salt. The third time it was just ok and the 4th time 5 hours after I ate it I felt like I had food poisoning. I will never go back.Not impressed, the flavors were boring and dull. Would not go back. The drinks were okay, but again nothing special. Very disappointed.This place was sooo good--foodwise. I'll definitely go back there to eat. They had the best fajitas that I've had in a restaurant (and I'm from Texas!). The steak fajitas were cooked medium rare and so flavorful and delicious. The chapulini (grasshopper) tacos were really good, though they got spicy towards the end (I'd asked the waited if they were spicy, he said no, but I thought so). The corn was also phenominal, and my  friend loved her enchiladas. 
The service was just okay, though, because they were busy and looked short staffed. It took about 10 minutes before we got our drink orders and about 10 more to get them, but they were busy, so it was understandable.  We had the happy hour skinny margaritas which may have been a mistake because they tasted really watered down.  I think usually those are just made with more juice instead of sugar, but these didn't taste much like margaritas. But they were cheap, and so was the food, so I'll definitely be back.Place is sub par, expensive prices for what you get and the food is just ok its nothing great. Also if you like eating on top of someone else's table be my guest and go here. Literally the tables are so close together you could share food with the person next to youThe carnitas. Oh, the carnitas. These are truly the best carnitas I've ever had, and during happy hour THEY'RE ONLY FIVE DOLLARS. Margaritas are solid. Guac is impeccable - super texture and perfect seasoning. The staff here are great as well. 
This place can get VERY busy, especially when the weather is good and outdoor seating is set up. I'd recommend making a quick reservation on Open Table before you go to save yourself a wait.How in the WORLD haven't I written a review for Taqueria Feliz? This is one of my favorite lunch spots.  I'm here at least twice a month for lunch and they are very quick and the food is perfect. I get the fish tacos (one fried, one grilled) and black bean soup.  Perfect every time.Visited taqueria Feliz after driving through manayunk the other day and realizing they were open.
The decor is appropriate for the theme but not overdone (Asian plates are weird but can be overlooked because what was put on theme was good).
We ordered guacamole and chips with salsa, side of corn, tacos al pastor, tortilla soup, lengua tacos, and grasshopper tacos (yes really).
The guac and chips were pretty standard, good though, I liked the salsa with it.
The tortilla soup was good, just a huge portion, had Limey notes to it.
The tacos were all great, the pastor had pork and roasted pineapple which was delicious.  The beef tongue tacos were tender and had a smoky tomato sauce on it, and the grasshopper tacos were crunchy and good for adventurous guests.
Lastly the corn was excellent, topped with Mexican cheese (cotija??) sort of like Mexican creamed corn- a must order item.
I wasn't a huge fan of the margaritas as they were too sweet for me, but I'll stick to straight reposado next time, of which they have a large selection.
Service was friendly and prompt. I've read a lot of reviews about them and their prices, I thought the drink and food prices and portions were really reasonable (tacos were around $10 and drinks were $7-$10) I mean what do you expect when you eat out?? Anyway we enjoyed ourselves and will be back.Went here last night for restaurant week. Good food, mediocre drinks, bad service. Since we had a party of 7, a 20% gratuity was added and was NOT deserved. Will most likely never be back, which is a shame because we all enjoyed our meals.This is place is not that good! I got the Watermelon Gazpacho Soup as an appetizer (it was a special) is what good. I ordered the Virgin Margarita, it was a bit too sweet begging taste and sour aftertaste. I ordered the Lamb Barbacoa Tacos but got Brisket Tacos instead. The tacos were kind of bland For dessert, I got the Churro Ice Cream (also a special). At first, the cinnamon was overpowering. Then, the chocolate was overpowering.
-1 for it being outrageously overpriced.
-1 for not good appetizer and dessert and entree 
 I went on Sunday 6/29/14My new favorite nachos. And tacos. We came here 2 weekends in a row--all of the way from Philly--just to enjoy their brunch. Their nachos are dynamite- we get them with the chicken tinga. Perfectly layered, with a little bit of everything on each and every chip. I love their chicken tinga tacos- the salty cotija and creamy slices of avocado are the perfect foil. Not too greasy and super fresh, the tacos have sky-rocketed their way up on my favorite Philly taco list. The hubby loves their breakfast burrito with carnitas. He especially appreciates that they even grill the ends of the burrito- it's that attention to detail that keeps us coming back. 
While we love their food, the service has to be applauded. I wish I could remember the guy who sat us for our visits beacuse he is a super-host. We had a little problem with an order and without hesitation he apologized, fixed it- all with a smile. Our waitresses were fantastic, too, but the host really stood out.I inquired at 7:45 on a Thursday evening if they take reservations, and yes, they do. A good thing, because the place was packed close to capacity.
As others have said, Mexican food ought to be cheap and filling, and while this place didn't deliver on those counts, it shows promise. If we return, next time we may spend a bit more to get our fill.
The app we chose was the guacamole (see pic), which includes an interesting chipotle morita salsa. Whether this was really created by Ralph Macchio's mentor? I don't know, but I can tell you it had a BBQ sauce-like edge to it. The guac itself was quite tasty, and the chips were still warm.
At the table next to us - separated by about 4 inches - they tried the mushroom queso fundido, which was served with tortillas rather than chips, and it looked tasty. Might be worth a try if you're a cheese person. Note - along with the tables being closely situated, the restaurant was noisy enough when we first arrived that it was difficult to hear what our waitress was saying.
For entrees we went the taco route, ordering the pork al pastor and cauliflower tacos. One might call them three mini-tacos to be truthful, so be sure to order other food. I enjoyed the al pastor versions well enough, but in three bites they were gone.
The highlight of the meal most definitely were the sweet plantains. Think a very basic bananas foster - me gusta. You might want to order two servings. We also got the black beans and rice - think rice covered by black beans - and the esquites - think corn with milk and a little cheese.
For dessert they offered ice cream, sorbet (prickly pear?), and 3 cakes - cheesecake, a coffee flavored cake, and a chocolate cake with a mascarpone icing. Nothing particularly authentic going on here.
Overall, this place is a little pricey for the portions you get, but the service was excellent, the décor was nicely done, and there are some unique choices worth exploring, so I will be back.Great service but food could have more flavor. I went there for brunch and got the Huevos Rancheros. I hear the tacos are good though.I went here for restaurant week on Friday with my parents and brother from out-of-town to celebrate my mom's birthday. We ended up with a later reservation, and when we came in the host told us that a lot of people who had earlier reservations called to push their times back. Regardless of his warning, we were prompty seated 5 minutes later in a cozy booth in the more quiet room to the left. 
The value of the $15 restaurant week was great. We could have chosen the $25 one but that was more geared towards fajitas and we were all craving tacos. You had a choice between 2 soups or a salad (we all got soup), a choice between 3 types of tacos and then everyone got a margarita cheesecake for dessert. 
The black bean soup was so creamy, I felt like I was drinking refried beans WHICH I didn't hate at all. The tortilla soup was fantastic and super flavorful with a nice kick of heat at the end. If you mixed the two soups (which I did), you got the best of both worlds. The tacos were yummy, but we all agreed they were pretty over-salted. I had to add a good amount of lime to mine to help cut down that spice. The cheesecake was deeelicious and the perfect little bite to end quite the large meal. 
Overall the value was awesome -- and including a couple of drinks, plus guacamole for the table, the bill was only $100.00. We also really enjoyed our servers who seemed quite knowledgable about the menu. So basically I'm VERY happy we decided to go :)My fiancé and I went here for dinner last night (Saturday). Basically, it's not bad, but it's not good, either. It's just OK, and not somewhere I would seek out again if craving some good comida Mexicana.
First off, I will say that our waitress was very attentive and sweet, and also adorable. The service was probably the best part of the experience.
We ordered the watermelon salad and esquites as our appetizers. After waiting approximately 15 minutes, our waitress came over and told us that they were "prepping" our salad. Hmm, ok. Well, this salad came out about 5 minutes later, and it was very disappointing. There were like 5 pepitas in the whole thing, it lacked flavor, the watermelon was not even ripe, and the arugula was wilted. Watermelon isn't really in season yet; they should use fruits that are at their peak right now for the best flavor.
I thought that the corn would come out with the salad, but it came out with our entrees. This was my mistake...esquites are a "side" not an appetizer. So, by the time the entrees came out (15 more minutes later), we were salivating for this corn. Full disclosure here: my fiancé is 100% Mexicano and very knowledgeable about Mexican cuisine. So, we are a little more critical when we go to these so-called Mexican restaurants that claim authenticity. This corn was not at all what he knows as esquites. This was a pile of too-sweet corn kernels over a pool of mayo-creme with some cheese on top. No spice whatsoever. It tasted like creamed corn with too much sugar. We put the jalapeños that came with his sandwich in there, and that improved it somewhat, but not much.
On to the entrees. My "pork carnitas" tacos were way too greasy! I picked one up and had to let the grease pour out of the side of it before I could eat it, and the pork on his "torta Cubana" was the same. Whomever is making that pork is leaving too much of the fat on. Also, carnitas are supposed to be chunks of pork, not pulled pork. This was a fail. Just call them pulled pork tacos. 
Once I got the grease off  (which left a very unappetizing brown pool of oil on my plate), the tacos tasted decent. The pork had good flavor, and I like how they serve the tacos with just onions, cilantro, and lime; the authentic way. My fiancé's sandwich had too much mustard. So much mustard that it masked the flavor of everything else on the sandwich. Again, it was just OK. They only offer one type of "Mexican Sandwich" on the menu, and it was this one, which is basically a Cubano on Mexican-style bread instead of the Cuban bread. Why don't they just make a Mexican Torta or Cemita? Isn't this a Mexican restaurant? That was confusing.
Everything came to $64, which we just laughed at. We were very underwhelmed with the whole experience, but still left our server $15. Hey, it wasn't her fault. If you want some authentic Mexican, go to any number of ridiculously good and much cheaper restaurants in South Philly.Don't Go!  Does not deserve the reviews I am reading.  1 is for atmosphere as it is festive fun.  I wrote a review 2 years ago on here that appears to have disappeared.  My details were far better than this but in summary....HORRIBLE !!! & basing on drinks and salsa alone. I don't know how anyone can screw up these Mexican basics but they did.  Margarita was the worst I have ever had.  It was undrinkable beyond 3 sips and had to give it back.  Harsh strange taste with not a lot of other flavor.  Even provided feedback to bartender to get a sampling of another thinking there was soap in the glass that was equally as bad.  My guest arrived (family as been in restaurant biz for years) she took the first bite of chips dipped into salsa and barely got it down.  Out of curiosity of what it was made of we both tried 2x to concur...Heinz 57 with a sprinkle of hot sauce.  I should have known it was far from good when the menu consisted of hot dogs.  If you can't get down a margarita & salsa why spend $ on a meal we bailed. So I honestly cannot speak to a full meal.   
Family & friends have been to their Ft Washington location and agree lousy!  It's a bad philly attempt at Mexican and all I can surmise is that the 3 stars & above reviewers on here have nothing authentic to compare it to.  They think it's mexican and boy are they deceived.  If you frequent TX or Mexico, as I have,  you will know this is not good nor even close to authentic Mexican food!Best fish tacos I've ever had! The gauc is addicting and the margarita I had was really delicious... Sangria mixed with frozen pineapple margarita.Best margaritas ever!!!!! I think they have lemon trees in the back. Very fun place, customer service is very good and the food is delicious (fish tacos are really good).There's no sound insulation so it gets really, really loud. Place is packed on Friday and Saturday so if need seating for more than 2 people call ahead.This place is a little more casual than I expected from the outside but it's decorated appropriately for a Mexican restaurant. They have a decent amount of seating both inside and outside and the server was knowledgable and efficient. They have some great happy hour specials throughout the week but we came here for restaurant week. I had the sangria which was very flavorful and only $4 for sangria Sunday and my friend had a tasty frozen margarita. The good was all excellent we tried the guacamole, pork and chicken tacos and the rice pudding. Will Definately be coming back for happy hour soon!I love this place and dream about the fish tacos!  They are FANTASTIC!
This is not a place where you get mass produced Mexican food dripping in cheese.  The food is delicious and a little more upscale.  If you are going for dinner, I would highly recommend making a reservation otherwise you may end up waiting over an hour for a table.
4 stars because it can get extremely loud and hard to have a conversation if it is crowded.  Also, I like really hot and spicy things and asked for the extra hot salsa--which they charged me a $1 for.  Really??  
Parking can also be a bit of a challenge, but there are parking lots both across the street and a couple of blocks away that usually end up being the best bet on a weekend night.Thought this place was pretty good. Nachos are bangin' and their happy hour doesn't hurt any :) I'd def try the fried plantain side, it's delish! There margaritas are also very good.Taco Tuesday's is the place to be here tonight
Excellent food
Ceviche different than what I am used to but still good
Philly ceviche is different than in Mexico where I fell in love with it while traveling
Korean shrimp tacos were terrific
Definitely come again when in town on a TuesdayAlways great food and service! Love the salsa and cocktails. Can get a bit loud during peak times.Definitely not the same since Anthony is no longer managing the place!   
This USED TO BE our 'go to' restaurant in Manyunk but, unfortunately, when Anthony left (no clue why), along with him went the welcoming atmosphere, efficiently run restaurant and kitchen and quality food and drinks.
So, Taqueria has been moved to our 'never go to' list.  
It was great while it lasted.  Good management can really make or break a business.Hands down the best Mexican restaurant in Philadelphia! Make sure to try their nachos atleast once!Colorful decor, but the food left you unsatisfied. Mexican food affords side dishes with each plate. Tacos are usually bought individually with options to buy more. The only taco item that was explicit about quantity is the order of two fish tacos. The rest of the taco items might come with three tacos. Is this an east coast Mexican-American feature? 
Our table ordered regular tacos, and fish tacos with one with fried batter the other without. That's was the highlight of the meal aside from the side dishes we ordered. The Al Pastor was bland and chunky. The drinks were iced down, and served in a wine glass. Overall I would be Feliz if they focused on being a taqueria.This place was great.  The server was friendly and knowledgeable about the menu.  I have Celiac Disease and her response was "well you came to the right place!"  and she was right!  Some friends and I split the Cauliflower tacos, Enchiladas de Vegetal, sweet plaintains and rice & beans.  Everything was aaaammmaaaazing!  The sweet plaintains were to-die-for, it's like I was back in Costa Rica.This restaurant has very good Mexican food! Cocktails are good, wine is yummy, happy hour specials are good, and servers and hostesses are super friendly! My favorite dish is the fish tacos. You get two tacos per order and you can get them fried or grilled or both! I always get one of each (grilled and fried). The tacos have a little kick to them but not overwhelming. So delicious!My husband and I recently moved to Manayunk, and this place quickly became our favorite go-to spot. (At least once, sometimes twice a week) The decor inside is really bright and eccentric, and we love the outdoor seating as well. We order the nachos every time, (they're a little bit spicy, fresh jalapeños, cilantro...sooooo good!) as well as their passion fruit Moscow mule. Can't recommend this place enough, it's all about fresh, flavorful, simplicity. 
Go there for great service, delicious margaritas and cocktails, and the tastiest tacos in town!Overall I would describe Taqueria Feliz as fresh flavors in a fun atmosphere with attentive and friendly service. Came here for "appetizers" according my mother, but ended up with guacamole, salsa, chicken tinga tacos, the grasshopper tacos, shrimp cevice, and lamb heart scewers.  The guac was very good with a new dimension added using roasted peppers (I asked). Chicken tinga tacos very fresh and tasty. My dad really liked the grasshopper tacos...he said they're really just crispy like french fries. The shrimp ceviche was not a traditional cured shrimp but was poached and in a spicy red sauce...very tasty and fresh. My husband has mentioned wanting more lamb heart at least 4 times today. Keep in mind this is a taqueria and they don't sell other items like burritos.  All the items are relatively small plates and were under $10.  The margaritas were amazing. We had the mango frozen margaritas and the classic margaritas.  Our server was the best salesman I ever encountered and new everything about the menu and was very attentive. The manager and chef both came out and were checking on all the guests. Fun atmosphere and was packed, while most other restaurants on Main Street were dead. Will definitely return.Always good drinks and great food! Happy hour is a nice time to go as the prices are less.Although everything is ala cart here it is all worth it!Always a good meal!Decided to eat her for brunch, which was not that impressing - different items on the the brunch menu than most places, but nothing tasted especially above average. I would consider returning, but would most likely return for lunch or dinner options only.What a great, hip and trendy place, I kinda knew I was in for a treat before I arrived. I instantly spotted the restaurant due to its cool and colorful décor both inside and out. I came here with a group of friends on a Sunday for another episode of The Brunch Chronicles and Mexican it was!
The staff was friendly and it was pretty crowded. Taqueria feliz had good music playing in the background and offered brunch specials for 1/2 price of Mimosas and Bloody Maria's.
I decided to ordered the breakfast tacos,my dining companions ordered the Mexican breakfast platter, chorizo y huevos and huevos rancheros. We all enjoyed our food it was delicious and it arrived fast and hot. My breakfast tacos consisted of three soft tacos with scrambled eggs, crispy bacon, guacamole and added chorizo- yummy! I was so full.... oh and I can't forget my side of sweet plantains which was also delicious. The plantains was buttery, sweet, hot and just divine I'll come back just for those plantains! The prices were also very reasonable for a thrifty person like myself lol.
If your a fan of Mexican food, check this place out and try those plantains!Great decor, attentive staff, well priced foods.
Manayunk has been desperate for an acceptable Mexican joint for some time, and Taqueria Feliz has answered our calls. 
I've been in twice, once on opening night, and both times I've been very happy with the staff and pleased with the food. The food probably falls short of a 5 star review, but I love that they've got a handful of more risque items on the menu for the more adventurous diner. I enjoyed the Chapulines, and look forward to whatever else may appear on the menu.I wish the rating system here was a ten point scale, rather than just 5, because Taqueria Feliz really deserves a 3.5 but I could only give them a 3. I didn't feel they were a 4. The atmosphere was charming, unique, and comfortable despite its overall small size. I felt the closeness was just right, not packing diners on top of each other, but putting them close enough that it inspired a convivial atmosphere. The service was OK, and perhaps slightly better than average, but not by much. I did appreciate that several different people, including a manager (I think) looked in on us, but I felt that the service was slow, and several items that were ordered were not delivered until we asked for them. As to the food, I went exclusively to try the grasshopper tacos, and they didn't disappoint but I felt they were very salty. I conveyed that to the gentleman I thought was a manager when he asked me about them, but he didn't address my concern at all and simply half-smiled and walked away. I thought that was kind of uncaring as a simple "Oh, I'm sorry, ..." would have made me happy and inspired me to come back and try them again. Or are they always really salty? (I love salty food, so I think it wasn't just my tastebuds).  Overall, it was pretty good. I liked the salsa but I thought the guacamole was a very Americanized version; as was the tres leches cake. Would I go back? Absolutely.On a brief visit from California was totally thrilled with the super tasty tortilla soup and delish kale salad. Top notch.You know one thing all cats are good at? Hunting. You know what this cat, this cat right here....is real, real good at? Hunting high quality product. So I'm gonna strut on in here and set the record straight, as most cats out there aren't really sure what they're meowing about in reference to top-notch product. 
This cat strolled through this alley, came across this Taqueria piece, and sniffed his way on inside. Once inside, took a look around. Saw my neighborhood cats chillin' at the bar. A few on some meowtch.com dates. And decided I was feelin' the scene and figured I'd give this Taq a tastin'.
First order of business? Need some of that seafood, so I went with the shrimp ceviche. Talk about umami...definitely refreshing and flavorful. Taste buds were poppin'. Receptors were receivin'.
Next order of business? Now you might laugh, but any time I can eat a Dog and not have to run from one? That's a guaranteed 4-paws-up and a purr-purr from meow. Very unexpected, but the perro caliente is on point. Forget about mustard and catchup....the pico de gallo / salsa verde combo? Damn that shiz had me hoppin'.
Last order of business? Yeah you guessed it, those fish taco jumpoffs. Might as well just chop those up, throw them in a can, put a Fancy Feast label on 'em, and sell those pieces nationwide. No for real, they're that good.
Washed all that down with a few 'ritas (particularly the Three Chili and the Santana) and next thing I know, I was feline great and ready to get my strut on. 
Any time I can eat a meal like that, feel a little woozy, and keep all my puurrchases under fifty beans?? Psssh....ain't no thang but a chicken wing. Or in this case, a fish taco.
- EsquireI have been coming to Taqueria Feliz since it opened but I will no longer patronize this establishment. If you are Black you probably shouldn't either. 
My sister and I went in on a Sunday night to grab nachos and a drink at the bar. This was the first time my sister had been to the restaurant and just stopped by to visit me and grab a snack. 
Food and drinks aside, we were verbally and physically violated by a drunk patron. The bartender continued to serve this guy drinks while he continued to harass my sister and I. We are African-American and this man went on a racist rant about his "White Privilege" while the bartender and manager did ABSOLUTELY NOTHING to stop him. The other patrons also just watched, which is whatever. But after my sister and I asked for him to stop bothering us, he only became more disrespectful. We asked for the check and the bartender was either in shock or oblivious because he just stood there. He even gave the guy another beer. After aggressively asking for the check and telling the guy to get out of our face, we finally left. 
I came in later to make a complaint and all I got was a "we're really sorry that happened". I will never go back to Taqueria Feliz, which is unfortunate. However, I refuse to give my money to an establishment that condones this kind of behavior. Their response was repulsive and I am surprised because I would go there fairly often. However, to them I am just another tab. Once I find their other social media page I will continue to share this message. We can not allow this behavior to continue and it shouldn't be tolerated. I'd rather spend my money at a place where I am respected.This was a great place! Pork tacos, chorizo nachos, and fajitas were delicious and full of fresh flavor. I'd definitely recommend going! The servers were very attentive and gave awesome recommendations.First time hitting this gem on main street. I love mexican food, here was my experience-1st course: the nachos, one word - amazing, plenty of toppings of black beans and peppers and mounts of melted cheese overflowing everywhere and even crispy parts hanging over the edges. trio salsa were all really delicious and large amounts of each, guacamole was tasty and fresh. 2nd course had to try the grasshopper tacos-good but they had a extremely salty flavor. Pastor tacos were the best i ever had, pork was chunked with a crispy outside with plenty of pineapple that was just the perfect amount and didn't over power it. can't wait to go back and try some other stuff !!!3.5 stars for atmosphere, 2.5 for food.  Cute and trendy in manayunk.  Food was middling to poor... lots of over cooked eggs and greasy chorizo.  Salsa was decent and margaritas good.  Home fries best part of meal.  Just get drinks and chips and salsaWent to Taqueria Teliz for Manayunk restaurant and I was very pleased with my experience. We had a reservation at 8:15 and were sited pretty close to the time of our reservation. While waiting, we were directed to the bar and started off with some margaritas. I had the "La Paloma" marguarita which comes with a grapefruit soda bottle and the bartender explained us that with the rest of the bottle, we could just order another shot and make a new marguarita which, at first, thought was a good idea. However, after looking at the price of the shots, it just ended up making more sense to get a whole new Margarita if I wanted one. 
Once we got sited we all went with the restaurant week menu. I started off with the "Tortilla Soup"  which was on point. My table also ordered the Tostada De Chorizo and the "Apple Salad" which both where great. Moving on to the entrée, I ordered the Carnita Taco which were AMAZING! I just loved it and I would definitely recommend anyone to order this. The dessert did not really please my taste bud.. but it was OK because I was already full.
The service was on point.This place has AMAZING tacos. Most recently, I have been obsessed with the Carolina BBQ Shrimp tacos. I always add Queso Fresco to them, but even on their own, they are delicious! The waitstaff is very friendly as well!Great nachos and a crazy serving size.  and awesome happy hour prices.  Def check it out.Food: 3.5
Decor: 4
Ambiance: 4
Service: 3.5
Value: 3
Nice atmosphere, and decent, if inauthentic Mexican food.We were there with 3 couple, table for 6. It was after 8pm and the restaurant was 1/2 empty, but it was still really noisy. Taqueria Feliz is on the main street in Manayunk, a trendy little area in the Northern reaches of Philadelphia. It is very conveniently located and the street metered parking is free after 8pm, and easy enough to find a spot.
The restaurant is in an old building with high ceilings (might account for the noise, but there must be something they can do about it...).
The menu is short. They do tacos. We were there for Taco Tuesday - $3 off any taco. The tacos come in groups of 3, except for the fish tacos which are larger and come 2 to a plate. I had the tuna tacos. The tuna was a bit over cooked, but it was tasty, even though the plate was a little spare. The fish tacos looked wonderful, like tempura fish in a taco. The cauliflower tacos were also really good. The meat tacos were standard. 
The chips are wonderful, but you have to pay for them. The bowl of guacamole was a little steep at $8, but it was good. 
There is a good beer list.
Chips and Guacamole, 6 plates of tacos and 3 beers came to $120 with tip. $40 per couple, $20 per person.So it was a warm Saturday and we were in town for a family celebration later on in the evening. The plan was to go seek out cheesesteaks, but I just couldn't do it. Philly will never run short on on cheesesteaks, so I'd rather save that for a weekday that finds us in Philly on a whim. So that opened up the door for plenty of more options. Then hitting up Manayunk was suggested. I started doing just a regular Google search and fell upon Taqueria Feliz. 
Being a native Southern Californian, I'm cautiously optimistic about Mexican food on the East Coast, but I'm willing to give it a shot. So we got there and it was still Brunch time. So I appreciated that the menu wasn't a couple of pages. It was simple. I ordered a Spinerita, and was ready for some food. We ordered Guacamole with a Fried egg and it came with their Chipotle Morita salsa. The yolk added an delicious richness. The salsa had a great bold flavor too, not too spicy.
For entree's, I opted for the Ensenada Style Fish Tacos. They were great. The batter wasn't heavy at all. The tilapia was fresh. And everything that was in the taco really complimented each other. And it was enough for one person. The other entree was the Carnitas tacos. Those were amazing, had a good crispy touch and were still full of great flavor. 
The service was really good. Our server was friendly and there was a good crowd for a Saturday brunch.  So did it pass the "California Test" ? In my opinion, it did. I can't wait to find another reason to be in Manayunk and trying something else on the menu at Taqueria Feliz!I love this place!! Amazing food, my favorite is the fish tacos.  I have been there several times. My family and friends always love the brisket tacos. The environment is fun and clean. Chips are addicting! Guac is to die for, it is SO FRESH.If you want deep fried fish tacos and strong margaritas, this is your spot.  Don't worry that the house margs are $7.50 because you don't need that many of them.  If you don't believe me and you want to drink your weight in tequila, go to happy hour because the margaritas are only $5.50 with equivalent potency AND you can get 2 fish tacos for $10 instead of $14! Whoa!  Also, the staff is bomb.Great place for drinks - the spinarita is amazing! Also love the Brussels sprouts tacos, hard to find vegetarian taco options!Ordered guac, tacos al pastor, and carnitas tacos. All bland, nothing special. Have had better grocery store guac. For a taco place, neither tacos were anything special. Would not go back here again and this place will not last long.
However,  service was great and food came out quickly.Had brunch here today for the first time and it was horrible. I ordered the Mexican platter and the only thing I ate was the bacon and a few scoops of the quac. I returned my mimosa because it was very sour. My server was very nice and offered to box my food but after advising it wasn't edible, she bought chips and salsa out, for which she charged me. The margaritas were very good, hence the 2 stars. I probably won't eat here again and will instead continue to go to Distrito if I want the quality of food that justifies the prices of this taqueria. It's a shame because it's in walking distance from my home.I was so happy to come here and find my favorite beer on tap!  The service was excellent, and the food was delicious.  Daily specials are also a great deal.Had the spicy margarita drink and it was great just the right amount of heat. I had the lamb as my entree and I have to say they do a great job with lamb...never expected lamb at a mexican restaurant and the chickpeas were seasoned to perfection! I would for sure go back again!Environment had a nice contemporary mexican vibe to it and the food did as well tasted authentic and very flavorful. Feliz Margarita was on point enjoyed my dining experience. Wait staff was down to earth and extremely friendly.Tried again, this time for dinner and was disappointed again. The "special" margarita was a frozen pineapple blueberry. It was HORRIBLE and was sweet syrup. 
I then ordered the taco flight and again, horrible. The shrimp taco contained frozen, flavorless shrimp; the pork was dry and tough; the chicken was average. While the high point in the past has been service, sadly service was poor this visit. It took 30 minutes for my server to check on me after my food arrived and I was so over it I asked for my check. To make matters worse, a friend joined at the end of my meal for a drink and when the check was split, I've just discovered BOTH charges are on my card. I tried to like it here but they haven't made it possible.I really enjoyed the food here, but there were some items on the list that were not as good so order with caution. The atmosphere is nice it is a bit loud so keep that in mind when planning the night. Waiters and waitresses were attentive at least when I visited. Good place to go on a friday night before going out to the bars.Went here for a quick bite with friends. The restaurant was small in size. From the moment we entered until the time we left the staff was friendly! The staff was very accommodating and checked in on us several times during our meal.
The chorizo fondue was tried as a shared appetizer. The chorizo was flavorful and bold. The restaurant serves small portions with the concept of having shareable plates.
I had fish tacos. The fish tacos were large in size. The fish was fried crisp inside the taco and the sauce that accompanied it was perfect. I also had a salad. The salad greens were fresh. The food was ok, yet this is a place that will be added to my one and done list.Happy Taco Tuesday! The one day of the week that many people look forward to so they can indulge in a million tacos. 
Appetizers: 
The Fiery Crab Guacamole--Avocado, jalapeno, onion, cilantro served with tortilla chips & chipotle morita salsa. It is filled with nice size pieces of crab meat and other toppings. It is the perfect appetizer to share with the rest of your table. The only downside is that it is a little pricey.
Let's taco-bout TACOS:
-I still cannot believe I am saying this...but YES I did try the grasshopper taco. Needless to say, it was not my favorite taco but at least I can say I tried it! I think it is a once a done meal for every taco person.
-The pork tacos are delish! The pork was juicy and had a lot of flavor to it.
-The BBQ Shrimp tacos I would have to say were my favorite. I am a huge seafood fan and these baby shrimp were grilled perfectly. All the toppings in this taco paired together really well and the BBQ sauce was sweet. I loved it!
-The brisket tacos were also very juicy. The taco was packed with meat and the salsa gave it a really nice touch.
Overall:
Taqueria Feliz is a great place to hit up if you live in the Manayunk area or are visiting. I will have to admit, it is not my favorite place to get tacos but it is very convenient when I am craving a TACO TUESDAY. I say this because of two reasons:
-Price: Taqueria Feliz is a somewhat pricey, especially if you still consider yourself a struggling millennial. Tacos range from $10.95-$13.95. My advice is to definitely hit up Taqueria Feliz during happy hour. The tacos drop about three or four bucks. Also, when they ask if you want chips and salsa-that is not free. That will be added to your bill.
-Portion: Compared to some other Mexican restaurants I have been to, Taqueria Feliz has smaller portions. When you order a "taco" it is three little corn tortillas on your plate and that is it. I am not complaining because I was full after eating all three but if you have a bigger appetite, I would at least get an appetizer with your meal because there are no sides served with your taco. 
Even though there are some downsides to Taqueria Feliz, I think it is a place you should check out. The decor inside is so neat and really stands out as soon as you walk into the restaurant. The atmosphere is hip and it is a great place to go to with friends. The food was good and the staff is also very friendly. Now...go devour some tacos!I went on taco Tuesday for discounted tacos. I had the pork Carnitas and they were fantastic. Our waitress was exceptional and I appreciate that they have a skinny margarita on the menu that uses less sugar.Meh.  Bland and uninspired menu.  
Everything is a la carte so it feels a bit nickel and dimed. 
Cute atmosphere. 
The service was good which is the only reason I give it more than 1 star. 
We like the sister restaurant in Ft.  Washington and were surprised how much worse this experience was....it's too bad but we won't be back.Came in after a bike ride and walk through the arts festival. I sat at the bar. The bartenders were very nice and helpful. I had the chicken timga tacos and they were very good, and had lots of juicy chicken. I also had margarita which was very good as wellImpressive taqueria with solid menu options. Their loaded guacamole was mouth-watering, and I had urges to lick the bowl clean despite an upbringing telling me not to. Shared two different tacos (3 per order) and was surprised with how they compared to some of the other top taco places I've been to. Each bite was an epiphany. I scarfed them down as quick as my body could accomodate. My initial disappointment that the tuna was not seared or ahi style was resolved with the sheer flavor it offered. The fried plantains are a must order, sweet and carmelized with a nice consistency throughout. Had a cheese sauce on top that was better than youd expect. Margaritas were high quality. Service was friendly. Prices were a little higher than id expect but reasonable given the quality.Literally the worst Mexican restaurant I've been to in the city. I have never been so inspired to write a review . This is my first one. First the table provided was not level and rocked back the entire dining experience, to the point wear plates would of slid off the table had my date not balanced the table with her foot. After 15 minutes we were graced with warm water poured from a dubious pitcher which the the waiter handled with his thumb inside of the container. The margaritas we ordered were disgustingly sweet and sour to the point of inducing diabetes. The waiter, named Bo, was friendly but inattentive and seemed not to care much about his profession. The food, while not horrid as the service,  was pretty bad. I ordered black beans and rice which was 90 percent beans and 10 percent rice. The mushroom queasadia was disgusting. The Brussels sprout tacos were respectable nothing to brag about. This place really needs a change in management. I often dine out and never complain but paying 60 dollars for this kind of experience, food, and service just felt like gettin ripped offThe atmosphere here is great, either for food or for cocktails.  Pork carnitas are my favorite.
I love this place!!!Updating my five star to another five star review because this place always impresses me. My boyfriend and I went when it was packed and we still received phenomenal service. Our waiter was very busy, but he was still extremely attentive and another employee who originally helped us with seating also helped us with getting us our second round of drinks! I'm assuming he must be a manager. We really enjoy our time here and will continue coming back.Excellent vegetarian options and great food quality. I knock it down a star only because I think its a little oveepriced but then again I lived in SoCal for a long time and think high quality mexican food should be pretty cheap.My first time here and the food is good. I did the lunch special, two courses. I had the chopped salad with grilled shrimp with fish tacos (1 grilled and 1 fried) and a margarita. It was yummy, I would go back. The salad was very filling and good. I couldn't eat all of my food, I had to stop and ask for a doggy bag for both dishesI have been to Taqueria Feliz on three occasions--once when they first opened, and twice to give it a second and third try. 
My first visit to Taqueria was just okay. My fiancé and I were seated in front of the windows near the canal. This was unfortunate, because the sun was going down and was glaring directly into my eyes, to the point where I was tearing up. There were no shades on the windows at the time, so we moved to a different table where the sun was less annoying.
I understand that the place had literally open about two days prior, but our waiter clearly had not studied the menu or the specials. He told us that all of the apps during happy hour were half-priced. When we received our bill, we come to find out that they were not. When we discussed this with our waiter, we received no apology and no price adjustment. He just gave a shrug. 
On my second and third visits, the waiters were definitely more knowledgable. A general statement about their food--the tacos are very small with a little bit of meat/veggies and the price is a bit high. I recommend the brisket tacos, which are spicy with a good flavor. Start with the guacamole and have 1 1/2 taco orders per person.
I noticed on my third visit, when sat next to the windows on the canal side again, that they had added shades onto the windows! Hallelujah.The food was great and the decor very nice. However,this place is only getting 3 stars because I have never paid so much for tacos in my life.  I guess if you like ritzy tacos then go here.  LolWent here on Sunday afternoon. The food was ok at best. The pork carnitas tacos were very greasy and the fish tacos were not fresh. I didn't care too much for the chips and salsa.  The kale salad was good except they charged me $1 extra for a few slices of avocado.  
The worse part of the meal was the bill.  This place is really expensive for the quality of food.  Not planning to come back.Just terrible.  Each and every item I tried from the menu was worst than the last.  Some advice:  brussel sprouts weren't meant to be in tacos.During our first visit to Taqueria Feliz this evening, our party of three enjoyed the dishes that we sampled, including nachos and four kinds of tacos (cauliflower, al pastor, wasabi tuna, and grasshopper). Unfortunately, the service during our visit proved so disappointing that we felt obligated to leave a review, a rare action for us as diners.
First, when we entered the restaurant at 6:15 and requested a table, we were informed by the maitre-d' that we would promptly receive a table only if "we were okay with leaving in an hour and 15 minutes." Regarding the imposition of a time limit on our dining experience as poor customer service, we contemplated abandoning Taqueria Feliz and finding sustenance elsewhere. Ultimately, we settled on waiting 25-30 minutes for a table, which we did receive within the specified time period. Nevertheless, the wait seemed unnecessary when we arrived at our table and discovered that at least three others which would have accommodated our party remained open. Oddly, these tables remained open until 7:30, at which point we were already requesting our check.
Next, while eating our dinner, we twice needed to flag down a staff person who could refill our waters. Keep in mind that the cuisine which Taqueria Feliz serves is notable for its spiciness. Also important to mention is the fact that the restaurant was not especially busy--at least six tables in the main dining room and countless others in a separate room remained open. A dozen or so servers floated between the two rooms. Neither our server nor a nearby busboy fulfilled our request. One staff person with apparently exclusive responsibility for filling waters did so some 10-15 minutes later. Sometimes a strict division of labor results in inefficiency.
Additionally, despite having ordered our grasshopper tacos alongside our other dishes, we received them significantly later. We inquired about their absence and our server kindly assured us that they would arrive soon--some 10-15 minutes later, we had finished our other dishes, those dishes had been cleared, and then the tacos arrived. We do express gratitude for the manager's willingness to omit these tacos from our bill. Thanks to our server for presumably recommending that course of action. Such a disparity in arrival time still proved quite frustrating for us.
Unrelated to our dining experience, we noted yet another disappointing practice in the service that a neighboring table received. A party of six that had already eaten and was enjoying a considerable number of beers temporarily departed their table to observe the Budweiser Clydesdales event occurring on Main Street at that time. Within a few minutes of their departure (to a spot some 5-10 feet away on the sidewalk), a busboy began clearing glasses from their table, specifically those holding their beers. Our server informed him that the party had not yet paid; however, he still left with their beers. Upon their return, the members of this party were understandably upset. Nonetheless, the manager refused to reimburse them for the beers or to replace them at no cost.
Although a two-star rating may seem severe given the above circumstances, we hope that this action will lead management at Taqueria Feliz to review its customer service practices, including those related to reception and seating, attentiveness during the meal, and attitudes toward dissatisfied customers. We thoroughly enjoy La Calaca Feliz and, given our residence in Northwest Philadelphia, would love to revisit its much closer sister restaurant in the future. Unfortunately, at this time, we do not expect to do so, as poor customer service can spoil even the most delicious of meals.Alright. This opening has been highly anticipated, and as result, expectations has been appropriatlely high. After the very well regarded sister restaurants, a person might consider, nay admit, that the barest minimum effort could make money in Yuppie-town central Manayunk. They may have gotten away with, could have skated by doing the bare minimum. With the year long battle to get open, to get a liquor license  and with a bereft of competition in the area they very well could have gotten by, made a profit, kept in the black by being TGI McSalsa, offering nothing but the most tame dishes possible. Well, they may offer options to the less adventurous eaters, but they had a pair of cajones when planning this menu.
Along with the requisite salsa, guacamole and basic chicken, pork and steak tacos, the owners and chef decided to include a category entitled "Comida Loca" for those who wish to stretch the boundary of cuisine by serving the public offal. I don't mean that as an insult, they skillfully took less popular animal cuts (known as offal) and did something special with them. They didn't have to do that. A Mexican joint doesn't have to include beef tongue, braised to tender perfection, in their tacos or lamb hearts, carrying all the wonderful flavor characteristics in such a wonderful protein and giving it seasonings that took a familiar flavor to a different, exotic place. But they did, and did it with a gusto. These dishes are cheaper than other items on the menu, but they are absolutely delicious.
Less adventurous eaters can take solace in the more basic dishes of chips and salsa, guacamole, carne asada and other higher quality versions of dishes one might find elsewhere, but at this location, and at this time, the kitchen here is presenting some very unique, very creative and very, very delicious food for people who are willing to stretch their comfort zones. I heavily recommend it.Came here with a friend on weeknight for dinner.  We were seated very quickly.  I ordered the cauliflower tacos (comes with three) which were delicious.  They were very filling!  They offered us chips and salsa which we assumed were free but once we got the bill we realized they charged us for them.  The atmosphere was otherwise great (just a little dark), and our service was very good.  The decor is very colorful and atheistically pleasing.  Definitely will come back here again.Perfect place to celebrate my birthday one day early. Gourmet Mexican food. The eggs were perfect.If you're used to the inexpensive yet delicious food found in places with a heavy Hispanic population like Los Angeles, you're going to be disappointed because this is not your hole-in-the-wall taqueria, but instead an upscale, moderately expensive one.
The Tacos "Gobernator" (smoked mahi mahi) tacos were a bit dry and overcooked. And placing the crema and salsa roja on top of the taco (while it may make it look pretty and fancy) makes it impossible to eat without getting all of your fingers in both sauces.
It was a bit loud in the main room and while there were several tables that had couples out on a date, I would choose a quieter place because it was hard to even hear my waitress explain the menu. Part of the reason for the ambience is the close proximity of the bar and the limited space in the restaurant to begin with.
TIP: Reserve on OpenTable! I had a reservation, but arrived a bit early so I was hanging outside in the beautiful weather. Several couples came out commenting that it would be an hour plus wait.With so many other options now available in Manyunk, not sure why anyone would go here.
Very disappointed in service and general ambience.  Expensive and, except for froze drinks, food was sub-par.
Used to be a great place to go.  Too bad.Worse experience in a TeX mex restaurant, EVER! I dont even know where to begin to be honest from the lemonade being water with sugar and lemon or getting nachos completely the wrong way it was ordered. Our waiter never came to ask how everything came out or brought out drinks in time. We had to ask multiple food runners for our beverages . I didnt even bother complaining at this point except asking a different server for a pitcher of water. First and last time here I wouldn't give this place another chance . at least add some lime juice or onions to your guac lolMy favorite dinner spot in Philly (I miss it now that I live in Chicago). Their spicy margaritas are the best! Their guacamole is always fresh and tasty and their mushroom quesadillas are incredible. The staff is always very friendly. Would recommend this to anyone in the Manayunk area.Found this place on Yelp and everything about it was great. Tasty margaritas, great guacamole and queso, delicious spicy pork tacos. Atmosphere was cool and the owner/manager was accommodating and very friendly. We'll be back!
By the way -- while the place was mostly populated with 20-somethings, we took our family of four (two kids 9 and 11), and they fit in fine. (Though the Yelp details say "No" good for kids.) They even have a kids menu!I love Mexican food, so I was looking forward to trying this place out. The atmosphere was great and the service was excellent, but for me the food was just ok. We had the chips and guacamole to start and the pork and beef brisket tacos, all three were decent enough, I will be back because the service was good and so were the margaritas.We came into Taqueria Feliz without many expectations. We were hungry and Mexican sounded good.  However, the expectations rose after getting our drinks and the amazingly prompt food service.  
The Warsaw Buck, their take on the old Moscow Mule, was perfect.  I had to pace myself to make sure I didn't end up ordering ten.  JJ got the Spinirita, which was also rather tasty.  At less than $10 each, these cocktails were refreshing and appropriately priced.
On the food front, we ordered a selection of standard fair, which varied from Yay to eh.   The shrimp ceviche came out first and was probably the highlight of the night for me.  They were generous with the shrimp and the taste was just right. I encourage you to try it!  The tortilla soup, on the other hand, could probably be skipped.
From their, we split fish tacos and the lamb entree.  The first tacos, you get two per order, were a deal.  You can get the fish fried or grilled and they come loaded with slaw.  The lamb barbacoa, again on the other hand, was nothing to write home about given the dry  tortilla wraps that accompanied them.
Other highlights (and lowlights) to cover. Service was great.  We had to wait about 10-15 minutes to be seated, but they beat the 20-30 minute estimate they gave us.  Our waitress paid enough attention to us that we knew if we needed something (like a refill  or drink) we'd get it without feeling like she was joining us for dinner.  If you're coming thinking you'll enjoy chips and salsa while you wait, that's fine, just expect to pay.  Sorry, I don't know why, but when it comes to Mexican I expect free chips while I wait.  Also, totally odd, the plates and bowls are clearly cheap.  Hey at least they were clean so maybe I shouldn't care.
Overall, a good experience with the potential to be great (meaning I'll probably head back for round two at some point).I was excited that there was a new place to get Mexican food in the area.  Unfortunately, my meal was awful. Like many places in Philly, everything  was overseasoned, with entirely too much salt. The a la carte menu is frustrating, but I could have lived with it if the food wasn't guaranteed to raise my blood pressure. Finally, the meal was extremely expensive for "tacos".
Besides the meal, the space is very loud, making it nearly impossible to have a conversation with someone across the table.  The casual ambience does not match the aspirations of the cuisine.