An update to my previous review, still my favorite indian food in the city. Also, they have a happy hour every week day 5 to 7 and a late night happy hour on food and drinks. Spinach Chaat, GOC Naan, Butter Chicken and Lamb Rogan Gosh are my favorite. It's my home away from home. Thank the lord for this place, possibly the only indian restaurant in Philly that can come close to eating in India.Great ambience,  slight mix up. With table availability but they made up for it with the free round of drinks.Three of us ate early here (6pm, Thurs 12/29), and the food was very good. The service was, well, frenetic in that there were so many people milling about, and the nine dishes we had seemed to come from nine different people. Perhaps they were expecting a large crowd, but it was a bit distracting. We sat close to the kitchen, and a way station. There were several glass crashes during our meal, so we were on our toes.
Highlights were the Shikaari Vermont Quail, Wild Venison Tenderloin Soolay, and Royal Baby Spinach-Arugula Salad. The plain Naan came with three "dips" (one a powder) that were all very good. I tried the other dishes but cannot remember which was which. The venison was just five or six slices on a bare plate, but was so savory that I would have been satisfied with that alone.
$55 bottle of wine was not worth it, but the Kingfisher beer was a cheap, tasty alternative. Would definitely try again, especially since it's in our neighborhood.Tashan's atmosphere is elegant and classy. The food is delicious with a fusion twist. The staff is friendly except for the manager... Thus my 4 star rating. Last weekend we took another couple to Tashan since they have never been. It was my third visit. I called BEFORE coming in to clarify the BYOB policy. A female answered the phone and told me that the restaurant was BYOB and had NO corkage free. This was great! As we were seated, the waiter (who was extremely professional and friendly) told us there would be a $25 corkage fee. I said, HUH? The manager comes to our table. Ghetto fab, by the way. He reiterated the policy (like I didn't hear it the first time from the waiter) and told me that was what we had to pay even though I was given the wrong information over the phone. FYI - there's no corkage fees on Mondays. I'm sorry but you're in the restaurant business.... have a little customer service skills. He didn't even apologize, just continued to tell us what we had to pay. Other then this issue, the food and wait staff is great!Amazing! Tasting menu is great everything was awesome!! One of the best restaurant experiences I have had in philly!
Stop reading and go!After checking out the menu and reading the reviews, I was very excited to try Tashan.  
I am happy to report that I had a phenomenal experience.   We were promptly greeted by a very friendly, welcoming and accommodating hostess who seated us at what I think was the best seat in the house.  The restaurant is  decked out tasteful modern décor that promotes a fun and exciting experience.   Out server was very attentive, knowledgeable, and personable.  He was a big part of our wonderful experience.
Now on to the food!  We started with three small plates.  The Gol-Gappa had great flavor and the presentation was fantastic.  We were a little surprised at how cold the potato filling was inside.  I understand it's not a warm dish but didn't think it would be refrigerator cold.  Regardless, it was packed with flavor and quite good.   The 2nd small plate was the Baby Octopus Nicobari.  This was absolutely perfect.  I don't think I have ever had octopus so tender.  Lightly seasoned and accompanied by a slightly spicy pepper sauce, this was a 5 star dish all the way.  The third small plate and possibly my favorite of the night was the Kobe Chopan Kebob.  The presentation of this dish is interesting to say the least (depending on your imagination) but the flavor is out of this world!  This was a fantastic five star dish.  Perfectly seasoned and perfectly tender.  I honestly contemplated not trying anything else and ordering more kebob's.  It was that good!  I am glad my wife talked me out of this because I then would of missed out in the Tandoori Butter Chicken.  This is an entrée sized portion that we split.  The sauce in this dish is rich and delicious.  The chicken was tender and full of flavor but when the chicken ran out, we were perfectly content scooping up every last drop of the sauce and eating it over rice. This dish is tied with the Kobe Chopan Kebob for my favorite dish of the night.  I am excited to go back and try more but I know that the Kobe Kebob and Butter Chicken will always be a part of any dining experience I have there.  
Well done Tashan!  I'll see you soonA few thoughts on the five course tasting menu (for two):
One course = five bites.
Five bites of this, five bites of that - is there a way to divide five bites between two people evenly? Hmm....
"We almost forgot - here are your brussel sprouts."
Umm...you have to wonder, if the last dish of course four is a big helping of chili-lime brussel sprouts, they must not have much confidence in their desserts. Unless brussel sprouts are what you typically have for dessert, obviously.
Mi casa es su casa.
Now entering THE restroom. Genesis had a song called The Chamber of 32 Doors... I'm pretty sure there is some futuristic unisex thing going on here, but I couldn't quite figure out how it works... Ladies, be careful who follows you in there.
"Finally, for course five we have MEH three ways."
Seriously, the crispy spinach salad was way better than any of the desserts. It was the highlight of a somewhat inspired but not at all memorable meal.
Vanilla sorbet, served cold, check.
Tiny plastic cup of MEH chocolate mousse with heavy cream, served cold, check.
Mini Creme Brulee around a Gulab Jamun, served cold - WTF?
"Waiter, this Gulab Jamun has been murdered!" And who has ever heard of Creme Brulee served straight from a refrigerator? Can I get some cold french fries with that, monsieur?
Overall, God help us if ordering from the menu isn't more satisfying than this.
Note: This review has been edited for people who don't understand what "tongue in cheek" means.Just a warning to anyone doing business with these guys. Don't! They stiffed my printing company out of several thousands of dollars and they wouldn't even consider doing trade to pay off their obligations. Bad karma!Great food - great atmosphere- great service!!
I am pleasantly surprised at how good this place is. Before headed here I knew it was in the top 25 places to eat in Philadelphia but I didn't have a high expectation for it. Im glad I came and ate here. The chicken biryani was great - the small was big enough for 2 people. Samosa chaat was tasty and tandoori shrimp was well done.   
The decor is very chic & trendy abate a bit dark. The unisex bathroom is cool. 
I'd come back again if I'm in the area.My first time, with the  Restaurant week multi-course menu -- the friend who brought me was right, it's super food, with a good fusion edge to some of the Indian-based menu. This is a restaurant, not  a curry house! Service kind and polite, ambiance pleasing in my view, i'll be back and bring people for sure.Wow! Tashan has been on our must-try list and we read about their half-off happy hour specials and made it in for it. We sat in the cocktail lounge and received wonderful service.  Our server gave us drink and food recommendations and he was spot-on.   All of the drinks are 1/2 off from 5-7, which is a great deal considering that the martinis were then about $5 each.  They also have a special happy hour food menu with about 8 choices ranging from $3-7 each.  We ordered a bunch of items and then decided to get the lamp lollipops from the regular menu and the creme brulee for dessert.  Everything was excellent! I don't usually eat lamb, and this lamb was the most tender and flavorful meat I have ever had!  We had a great time and will definitely be back!  
The decor reminded us of chifa, it was dark, cozy, slightly eccentric, and trendy.  It is a restaurant where you can for a special occasion or a nice date.  They provide free valet service, which is awesome since parking anywhere around Broad St can be tough to find and pricey.  
The food is just as good, if not better, than Amada, Chifa, and some of the other top restaurants in Philly.  The menu is diverse and has a lot of options, including vegetarian.  It is not strictly Indian, per se, and people should give Tashan a try even if they haven't tried Indian before.  The food is so tasty and they use a lot of cilantro, so if you like Thai or Chinese, you will like Tashan.Since it has opened, Tashan has been on my list of places to try and their recent restaurant week special sealed the deal.  And so a friend and I came here for dinner.
We started with a white wine blend, which was tasty and served nicely chilled.  We also got the "flat" water, which tasted like it had been filtered after coming out of the tap -- nice.  For food, we started with the octopus, which was expertly roasted so as to border on having a crunchy exterior and was served with a tasty sauce; it was some of the best octopus I've had, in terms of both texture and flavor.  Next we had the scallops.  These were nicely fire roasted, but fire roasting didn't work as well for the scallops as for the octopus; still tasty, but I prefer other preparations.  The scallops were accompanies by a nice sauce, but would have been better with, say, a veggie puree.  
Next we had the "Indian" portions of the meal.  The butter chicken was superb.  The free-range chicken tasted distinctly better than typical mass-market restaurant chicken.  And the sauce was so good.  The accompanying rice was great for absorbing that sauce.  So was the delicious garlic-onion-cilantro (g.o.c.) naan.  Finally, the mixed-vegetable and rice hot pot was nice -- especially the baked-bread lid on top -- but could have used some more sauce (we made do with butter chicken sauce).  We were nicely stuffed after all that and we skipped dessert.
The servers were friendly and were reasonably prompt in refilling glasses of water and wine.  It seemed a bit excessive, though, that we dealt with about seven different staff people.  First, it's a bit disconcerting to have a new face for every other interaction and, second, if you think it'd be impressive or something to have some sort of service ballet, get it right, and make sure that each person on the team knows what the others have done (which, of course, is practically impossible in a restaurant).  
The decor was subtly lit dark wood and leather with some color provided by flowers; I feel kinda neutral about it.  The prices were on the high side, but not eye-popping.We loved this place! We came for a special evening - our anniversary - and we were ready to splurge on the tasting menu. 
They made it entirely worth the investment. The starters were delicious, especially the goat cheese/saag appetizer. The 3 different kinds of nan were piping hot and both crispy/toasted and chewy - yum. Standout dishes were the mussels, split lobster, lamb chops, and the white sweet potato side dish. We barely had room for the dessert tray, which included house-made vanilla bean ice cream, creme brulee with a soaked donut in the center, and the best fresh donut I've ever had. 
What a great meal! Enthusiastic service, quiet & relaxed in the back room, so you can hear each other speak. A lovely evening. We already loved our neighborhood Tiffin takeout, and this is an entirely different experience, well worth it.In a nutshell: the ambiance was awesome, but the food was inconsistent.
I took my mother and boyfriend out to dinner here two nights ago as a special treat for my mom. The first thing we noticed upon entering was that the dining room was beautifully decorated and very dim lit: perfect for a romantic evening.
I was very impressed with the extensive and diverse wine list; in particular, I enjoyed the variety of wines that could be ordered by the glass. Also, I was pleasantly surprised that they had Yards' Philly Pale Ale and other craft beers instead of those snooty or commercial beers you usually find at upscale restaurants.
We started by sharing some small plates. The Gol-Gappa ($7) had a bit of a stale texture, but we didn't mind too much since the Mangalorean Sausages ($11) and Samosa Chaat ($9) were super delicious and since everything was beautifully presented. We were also surprised at how little heat was incorporated into these dishes since this is an Indian based restaurant. I expected the sausages to be brimming with heat because they were described as "chicken-vindaloo" which is traditionally extremely spicy, but I hardly detected anything. I am definitely NOT one of those people who puts hot sauce on everything and can eat habeneros whole, but I would have enjoyed these small plates more with a subtle background of heat.
We each ordered our own main dishes. My boyfriend is vegetarian and was a little disappointed that there WASN'T a specific vegetarian section in the menu because, when he looked at the menu on the internet, an extensive vegetarian list was presented. He had the Dal Makkhani ($14) and wasn't too impressed; he remarked that the texture wasn't as velvety as the menu described. 
My mother had the Kashmiri Lamb Shank ($28) and was thoroughly satisfied with the deep hearty flavor. The lamb fell right off the bone, and it was obvious that this is the dish you have to get when you come here.
I decided to go big and had the Goan Masala Dusted Lobster ($37) and, although I was impressed by the amount of lobster I was served, I was extremely disappointed with its preparation. It was overcooked and rubbery, and for that price, I would have much preferred less lobster cooked to perfection. The lobster dish was also just that: lobster. There were no sides of vegetables or rice, so if you order this, prepare to eat just lobster. I guess this is what I get for ordering lobster at an Indian restaurant.
We shared two deserts: the Kulfees Trio (Indian ice cream of Mango, Kesar - Pistachio, Rose: $7) and the Masala Donut (12 spice Fennel sugar, chocolate mousse, cardamon syrup: $8). The donuts (three mini donuts which were perfect to share) were freshly prepared and super delcious, especially when dunked in the warm and flavorful cardamon syrup. The ice cream had good flavor, but unfortunately the texture was a bit off. It was as if it were freezer-burned: icy and crunchy.
So, there are some highlights, but you sort of need to know what to order if you don't want to waste a whole bunch of money. In the end I think I'll just stick with Tiffin to avoid spending an arm and a leg.Finally got here, but it did not live up to all the hype. It was good, but lack a little in the food and service.
The tandoor shrimp was average and gummy - would have preferred it to be more crisp with more flavor.
The calamari was the highlight - great sauce and taste, and for $7 a very good deal.
The  Gol Gappa - (Hollow durum puffs, spicy potato filling, tangy mint-cilantro water) were very good in my book, but my better half didn't care for them. 
The G.O. C. Naan was excellent.
For dessert we ordered the homemade donuts and 2 coffee. The donuts arrive before the coffee. Our server said the coffee would be right out. We waited 5 minutes for the coffee, but nothing. So we asked another server if he could assist in getting our coffee. 2 minutes later our server brings over the coffee w/ apologizes (and said it was comped). That was very nice of him to do, but then he departed and we tasted the coffee which was luke warm at best. He brought out another pot which was hot. However, the coffee itself (which was a Hatian deep, dark blend was actually the complete opposite - it was a very light blend, with no real taste or flavor. They probably just didn't use enough beans to brew it properly.
I want to go back and try the chef tasting that looked amazing at the table next to us - but my better half said she was so unimpressed that I'd need to find someone else to go with!Went for a late lunch with a party of 13 and the buffet was amazing!! It was our first time here and the service was wonderful and so accommodating for coming in at the end of the lunch hour. Some of us in the party had never experienced Indian food and they left full and happy :) I would definitely come back again and recommend it to friends!Worst dining experience ever. First it took 5-10 minutes to get a waiter (the restaurant was not very busy), then it took forever for the food to come and the portions were tiny, we ordered 4 dishes and they brought out every dish one by one but it would take 15-20 mins for each to come. Not only that but they forgot to bring one of the dishes I ordered and to top it off there was hair in my friends food and they didn't even offer to take it off the bill, when I got the bill it was there. Will never eat here again.The decor here is fabulous, but there are too many tables squished together in the middle, making it feel quite crowded, even when the restaurant isn't particularly busy.  On the night I was there, only 1/3 of the tables were full by the end of our meal, but we were all right next to each other.  The host should have spread out the seating.  I came for restaurant week, so got the four course tasting for $35.  The portion sizes here are smaller than you would expect at a typical Indian establishment, but that's okay when you are doing a tasting.  
I started with the samosas (saag paneer and chicken tikka).  The saag paneer was delicious with the spicy cilantro sauce.  The chicken tikka was average.  
For the second dish, I had the Gobhi Manchurian, which was very good--cauliflower fried in chickpea dough and doused in what they called chili-garlic sauce, but tasted more like sweet and sour sauce to me.  In any event it was very tasty.
For the third dish, I had the butter chicken with naan and basmati rice.  The naan was very good and the rice was well cooked.  The butter chicken was about four ounces of very tender chicken thigh (I'm guessing) absolutely doused in sauce.  The sauce was tasty, but I wouldn't have minded a little more meat with my dish.
For dessert, my sister and I split both the spiced chocolate lave cake and the creme brulee.  The creme brulee was very good (and here the portion size was huge).  The lava cake was all lava, no cake (i.e. severely undercooked), and I didn't taste any of the advertised spices (Coriander, cardamom, white pepper, cinnamon were all conspicuously missing).
Service was great, I liked the decor, but it felt artificially crowded, and other than the Gobhi Manchurian, which was excellent, I thought that for the most part the other dishes were good, but nothing you wouldn't see somewhere else (perhaps a few blocks away) for cheaper.Had dinner here and chose the tasting menu.  The wine was great.  Using an iPad for the drink menu is kind of cool but was a little awkward.  And that is for someone familiar with an iPad.  The food was very good.  Butter chicken and the basmati rice were especially good.  Naan and other breads were very good.  Quail was excellent.   They brought a great selection and we left very full. The crime brûlée was outstanding.   It was expensive.   The valet was very reasonable at six bucks.I rarely find good indian/pakistani food at upscales restaurants. Tashan was definitely not the case. Amazing bloody marys, BBQ, chaat and dosa! The staff was really attentive and friendly. I strongly recommend a visit if you're in Philly.I finally made it to Tashan last night and was impressed! Great food, great service, beautiful decor. 
Decor: Elegant and sophisticated in a black/grey/silver color scheme.  You may want to dress up just a little.  I felt like kind of a slob in my jeans and rain boots. 
Food: Excellent and surprisingly filling.  There is a long list of small plates and a few entrees.  Our server suggested 3 to 5 small plates per person.  I opted for 2 small plates and split an entree with my friend plus one order of naan split between 3 people.  First came the Malai Kofta lollipops - 3 lollipops per order.  Then the Paneer Shashlik - 4 or 5 small round paneer patties.  Both were excellent and honestly, I was full enough to stop there, but I still had the butter chicken entree coming.  It was delicious, but I couldn't really taste the difference between Tiffin and Tashan's butter chicken - and it was marked up by a few dollars more than Tiffin's. 
Service: very attentive,  friendly and knowledgeable about the food.  Maybe a bit TOO attentive at times.  Water never went empty. Silverware was replaced many times (unnecessary in  my opinion).
Price: about $50 per person including tip and one drink each.  Not bad for fancy Indian food in a beautiful setting. 
I'll definitely be returning to try more of these interesting small plates!Ok so Tashan I am disappointed 
The food was not bad.... but it was not great!!! Decor and bathroom are amazing 
Our server was excellent "Jason" I think... 
the presentation of the each dish was on point. But the authentic taste of Indian cuisine was just not there!!! And for a Friday night is was very empty 
Oh but Tashan your signature desert made me give u the 3rd starGreat food and excellent service. You have to ask for a vegan menu, but they have quite a few selections. I would have given 5 stars if it wasn't for the fact that they only offer one vegan entree. I usually end up just getting a bunch of appetizers, because I'm not really a fan of the one vegan entree they offer. Overall, though, the ambience and food are great and I would recommend going here!I'm gonna keep this to the point. So we ordered:
1) gol gappa  - the durum puffs were stale. bad.
2) spicy kakori kebab - the only decent item. good.
3) tashan vegetable plate - sad looking, exceptionally POORLY PLATED, BAD TASTING plate of uber limp veggies for $22.  seriously? too peeved for words.
4) Kashmiri lamb shank -  all I'm gonna say is this: if my 70 year old dad, whose palate is average, can tell that the lamb was cooked/boiled separately without seasoning and still tough as leather, and then just dunked into a plate of gravy... then the restaurant truly needs to fire its chef. 
After leaving the restaurant we walked across the street to Dunkin Donuts for dessert, and my dad commented "best part of dinner so far."  Epic Fail.Our feelings about this place have changed since our first dining experience here last fall.  We have been there a few more times since then and things have really improved.  The food is great, comes out hot, and at a reasonable time.  Our waiter, Jaison, was excellent.  Very knowledgable about the menu and great personality...much better compared to our waitress we had the first time (older blonde) who was MIA for much of our dinner and full of attitude.  Would definitely return thanks to Jaison!We love Indian food! And moving here from DC which has a plethora of India food choices has been hard... so I was so excited to check out this new Indian restaurant! It did not disappoint!
Owned and managed by the same people of Tiffin this is a more contemporary twist on Indian cuisine, with of course some of the "traditional favorites" such as Tandoori Butter Chicken.
Ordinarily I can't have Indian food without a extra spicy helping of Lamb Vindaloo, but I traded that for the Kashmiri Lamb Shank and it was amazing!!! I asked for it extra spicy, so it was a good thing that I got the Goat Cheese Naan to help cool it down. Yum!
We thought that the prices were very reasonable, especially given how large the portions were. We ended up taking home leftovers after ordering too much, which was not an issue, because just like Chinese food--- Indian makes great leftovers!
The interior space was beautiful and the staff was so nice. They had several large tables set up with big groups, so we will need to bring our families back here soon!Wow!  After the night I had at Tashan, I had to write a review. I recently bought the Living Social deal for the 5-course tasting menu for two. It was a great deal, and having been there one other time I figured why not.  My boyfriend and I took our neighbor -  we had the deal for two, and he ended up buying the chef tasting menu for $60 off of the menu to make things easy.  
This was the BEST deal I have ever gotten. The food just kept coming.  Even the menu price of $60 is more than fair for everything you get.  They gave us 3 courses of small plates to share for the table, but honestly we thought we got enough for 5 courses with just that. Then we had 2 large entrees to split, and to finish things off we each received a trio dessert sampler.  AMAZING. Everything was very tasty - the scallops were the biggest we've ever seen.  The menu was slightly different then the last time we were there, and it can be a tad intimidating... another reason to get this chef tasting, they plan the meal out for you. You will not leave hungry or dissatisfied! 
We had the NICEST waiter.  He told us he was new, but it didn't matter, as far as a service standard goes, he was great.The food is delicious! Generous portions, too. The best thing for me is the customer service. Everyone seems efficient and they seem to care about the customers' experience. They have a great  atmosphere inside. There is also a bar there--and there's outside seating.Claiming to be a FINE India cuisine but in reality it is just an ordinary India Resturant, if its not worst !!! Along with appetizers and other food, curries were horrible, apparently spices, cream and butter dumped together. I rather go to hole in wall place on 42nd and chestnut and enjoy decent indian food than paying ridiculous amount at Tashan. In regards to service, one even get better service at fast food restaurants. One of our main dish came just before the dessert, at least after 90 min since we had ordered. Two servers, on the night we went, spilled drinks on the guests, one was on our table - no apologies, no reaction from the manager - that is opposite to FINE. If you really want to experience FINE Indian cuisine, go to Junoon in NY. In Philly, simply go to any decent Indian resturant and you will get better experience and food. Tashan is ridiculously overpriced with no hint of FINE.I had another opportunity to try out Tashan.  I went with my cousin and we tried out the chef tasting option which let us select more varieties.  We tasted dishes like the red snapper, kobe beef kabob, spinach-kale paneer, scallops and dessert - creme brulee with gulab jamun and chocolate mousse.  Most of them stood out as creations ie the selection of meat and the sauces created for them.  The sauce in the scallops was very flavorful - had a masala flavor that was in enough quantities where even a non lover of masala might find delight in tasting it.  For someone who is a mustard lover, they will like the sauce provided for the red snapper. 
From this visit, I was able to appreciate that Tashan offers the opportunity to try the non standard meats with fusion of indian spices.   
For those who prefer the traditional flavors, there are some dishes to try out and they are pretty good. 
The place is packed on saturday nite and it gave the message to us that it is very popular and I could see that others are enjoying what they are eating.  
On both occasions, I was fortunate to find free parking either on broad street within 1/2 mile distance or better - on juniper st very close to the restaurant.Decors and ambiance was nice however sitting in a small tiny table was a terrible experience. My bf and I came hungry but seeing the size of the table made us order less food worrying the dishes wouldn't fit. We ordered the manchurian, biryani and tandoori shrimp, even having 3 plates in our table was difficult to eat around it. 
The food was ok. Small portion and slightly over priced.  The tandoori shrimp did not have a lot of flavor, it was simply grilled. The manchurian was definitely disappointing. It was not crispy at all, but the kick was the spicyness of the dish. I've had manchurian before but the heat of the dish was incredibly a flame thrower. The only dish I liked was the biryani. Had a lot of flavors and the rice was cooked perfectly. 
Service was excellent. 
Overall experience I give it a CMy friends, I was once just like you, eagerly combing through the reviews of Tashan, glossing over the negative ones in the hope that they were simply coming from the kind of people who can never be satisfied. I was wrong. Take heed, my friends. Don't skip the negative reviews of Tashan, because they are very accurate. First let me say that I am a foodie. As you can see from my numerous reviews on Yelp, I give credit where credit is due and I am honest about the places that fall short. I feel I have a very sensitive palate and am a professional writer specializing in food who has eaten in almost every US state as well as in Italy, Scotland and England. I am also an avid cook who tastes everything before sending it out of the kitchen. Therefore, I feel I have the expertise to comment and to have people take my comment seriously before spending their hard-earned money on sub-par cuisine. I'll begin with the good: The ambiance is fantastic, with dark, romantic lighting and rich appointments such as the carved wooden statue of Ganesha at the entrance. Free valet parking is available, and I must say I was impressed when, after we had dropped the car off two hours prior, the attendant brought my keys into the restaurant because it was getting late, and didn't even stick around for his tip. He parked the car right in front for us because the valet hours were over. The other servers were also quite attentive, and the waitress fully explained the menu and did not rush us even after they were closing up. She also allowed us to use a Groupon that we had just found out about on the way there. I purchased it from my phone while sitting at the table and showed the waitress the confirmation number. This gave us a five-course tasting menu for two for $69. My vegetarian date was also accommodated, which was fantastic. The wine list is formidable, and they have some selections from India. For these reasons, Tashan is getting two stars instead of one, which brings us to the food. (Deep breath)... the food is pretty terrible. I honestly feel bad saying that because I like to support chefs and independent restaurants, but unfortunately, I have to practice tough love here. We started with four appetizers: Palak Chaat, Gol Gappa, Samosa Chaat and Palak Tiki. All dishes were served either lukewarm or cold. The samosa chaat had a mushy, cold samosa with a most unpleasant texture and seemed like it had been fried hours beforehand and had been sitting around. The Palak Tiki was nearly flavorless and lukewarm, with a watery mushroom sauce and strange texture, while the Palak Chaat consisted of deep fried, cold spinach, and was very oily. The Gol Gappa was just o.k. We then moved on to the main dishes; I had the butter chicken that everyone on here has been raving about and my companion had the tandoori vegetable plate. The butter chicken, which I had asked for extra spicy, came out bland with a very one-note flavor and an overly sweet tomato sauce. I am not a fan of sugar in my savory dishes, and this sauce was extremely sweet. In fact (and I cringe when saying this) it actually looked and tasted almost exactly like the sauce from Spaghettios. So, I am extremely confused about the excellent reviews here for that dish. I don't know if those people never ate butter chicken before, or what, but no. No, no, no, that was not real butter chicken. Now on to the worst dish of the evening, the tandoori vegetable plate. This entrée was absolutely inedible. While I described the broccoli as tasting like a piece of burnt charcoal, my dining companion said it was "terrible" and another friend who was just having drinks said it reminded him of "dirt." I don't know how the chef imparted such bad flavor into that broccoli but it was impossible to eat. The rest of the plate consisted of plain roasted vegetables that were very dry and flavorless, with no sauce and no spices, only a hint of burnt flavor as if they'd been cooked directly in ashes. We spent a lot of time attempting to get each other to eat the vegetables on this dish, to no avail. The desserts were hum-drum with the exception of the vanilla sorbet, which was very good. The bill came to $161 for three people (a third person ordered one appetizer, which was just o.k., and one drink) so we ended up owing over $90 after the Groupon. This price was tremendously expensive for the quality of food we received and we were all left with that "ouch!" feeling you get when you have a very expensive bad meal. If the chef gets a chance to read this, I would say to him that there is just no way he tasted any of those dishes before sending them out. No way. We did remark that we realize the restaurant is "fusion" and therefore will not be strictly Indian flavors. I don't require strictly Indian flavors; I only require that the food is delicious. Unfortunately, Tashan is just not delicious. Far from it. So, my friends, I hope you heed this warning and choose a different place to spend your money.Love love love! We just went for the first time after getting a Groupon. Great food. Perfect date atmosphere.  And AMAZING service. Bonnie was our server and all of the staff was helpful and attentive! We will definitely come here again!!Tashan, is a beautiful modern Indian restaurant. It is a trendy spot to bring your date or have a meal with a group of friends. The kitchen is open so you can see the food being prepared which is neat.  They have free valet parking which is very convenient! 
Appetizers-
1. The samosa chaat was delicious but could have used a little more chutney but very tasty.
2. The shrimp salad, comes with 10 fairly large shrimps
3. The lamb chops are some of the best lamb chops I have ever had. They are marinated in a yogurt based sauce as they are cooked in the tandoor. I enjoy spicy food so they could have used a little more heat but were very tasty. 
Entrees:
1. Butter Chicken- was delicious. The chicken which had been cooked in the tandoor was tender and the gravy was delicious. The gravy is not as heavy  or viscous as a traditional butter chicken. It just means there is less cream and butter which isn't a bad thing! 
2. Plain Naan and Garlic,Onion and Cilantro Naan were good.
3. Rice was perfectly cooked. 
Overall it was wonderful meal. Between two of us it was $84 including tip. I will definitely be back.Tashan is just AMAZING! I love a place where you can see the Kitchen, it tends to make me feel safer about what comes in my plate and seriously, I LOVE looking how cook do their things so I can try to reproduce what they do at home after (even if it never works ha-ha). Tashan has a great drinks selection and I like the idea of the tablet to hold the drinks menu. Our server was extremely nice and had great recommendations for us regarding both the food and the drinks. Every plate served is small plates and are meant to be shared. 
We ordered about 6 or 7 small plates and everything was just delicious. I tried to remember all the food we got but it is simply slipping my mind. But honestly, everything was just succulent! The price is reasonable given how fancy this place is. I will definitely go back!My bf wanted to try this place out really bad so... I wanted to check out what the hype was all about. As soon as I walked in I felt like I walked into buddahkah (without the big Budah against the wall and red walls)
 the moment I stepped through those heavy ass doors i knew immediately that, i was gonna be disappointed by the food! What Indian rest. Doesn't smell like curry!?! Lol. This is no Indian food. It's Indian inspired food. Portions are small, and tasteless. This place is too pretty for me. 
I gave it two stars because service was good. I wouldn't go back.I was at Tashan on Saturday night with some friends. 
I have to say what a wonderful experience! 
we had the "chef's tasting"- and it exceeded our expectations! with each course, things kept getting better. I can't say enough good things!
also, our server, Bennett, was incredible! helped us with wine choices (VERY knowledgable!!) and guided us through the tasting menu with fun and panache!
we will be back (soon, I hope!) and hope that we see Bennett again!My husband and I went to Tashan last July after seeing a Living Social deal for their Tasting Menu. It was wonderful! We had the "five course" tasting menu, but we had at least eight dishes...they just kept coming! Our waiter, Bennet, was very good and made the experience even better with his great attitude and helpful nature. We loved seeing the open kitchen and watching the team of chefs prepare meals in the Tandoori oven. 
Such a unique experience! Valet parking was an added plus for us and the decor was beautiful. We will definitely return!This was my second time I got to drop in. The first was great, unfortunately todays experience was not the same. We got the chef tasting menu, the highlights where the chicken vindaloo and the desserts. The butter chicken, which was one of my favorites from my previous visit, was the worst this time around. The other courses were average at best. I expected more from a high quality restaurant like this one.We went for the 5 course meal we bought from living social.   Food is great and service is great.   It's worth the price I paid.  We couldnt finish our last course before the dessert.  We took the food home and it tastes very good left over as well.  
1st course: Bombay Bhel and Gol Gappa
2nd course: Tandoori Shrimp and Diver Scallop "Kangura"
3rd Course: spicy kakori kebab and kobe chopan kebab
4th course: Lamb shank with rice and garlic naan.  (I finally found the best naan in Philly.)
** Other review for the 4th course they got salmon.
5th course:  trio dessert sampling    
We got lamp shank and it was amazing.  I am so glad they gave that to us instead of salmon.  
Yes we are already planning our next visit to Tashan.I was very disappointed last night at Tashan. I heard such great things about the food, but it was mediocre at best. There were tons of servers there and our service was terrible!  I gave it 2 stars, because the cocktails were awesome. One of our dishes never came, service was slow, and they forgot to give us our leftovers...I had to ask twice for them on our way out!  Our bill was way over $100 for 2 people and I have had better service at IHOP. Seriously, this was a once in a lifetime experience for me, because I'll never be back. Stick to take out from Tiffin...at least then you won't be so disappointedFor now it's 4 stars just because I didn't really get a whole full blown experience when I was here. My boyfriend and I had tickets to see Wicked at the Academy of Music at 8pm. I thought it'd be fine to squeeze in dinner here since dinners are usually an hour long anyway, which was okay since my boyfriend loves indian food. 
We let the waitress know ahead of time that we were having a quick dinner and that it was fine if she rushed things for us. She said it was no problem. She accommodated us very well. Service was great, there was a waiter walking around constantly filling up glasses with waters. When food was brought out, they explained what it was and what was in it. Clearing the tables and bringing out new plates was quick and smooth. 
First, our waitress brought out this mixture in a cup. She said it was to "jumpstart our tastebuds". It was like a chilli sauce with cucumbers and garlic. I don't know what else was in it, but it was spicy. I couldn't finish the whole thing, but I tasted mostly cucumbers. We both started off with appetizers. I got the calamari (because I love calamari and I love to try all variations of it). My boyfriend got the samosa. The calamari came out, and it was spicy. Wow, it was super spicy. It was great! I don't like calamari that isn't grilled, but this was good. The samosa came out, and this was really good. I think it's one samosa, or it could be two. But it had alot of other things on top. It was so good, the way they prepared the chickpeas were delicious. It's a must try!
For our entrees, I got the Butter chicken with garlic naan, and he got the Lamb shank. This is my second time having butter chicken, but it was so good. My boyfriend even said it was one of the best butter chicken he's ever had. The sauce I felt was a bit more buttery than tomatoy, which I loved. The chicken was good, it wasn't dry at all, so when you add the sauce in, it just slides around in your mouth. Skip the rice though, it was loose and dryish. I like my rice somewhat sticky. This was like falling apart, like how old rice would be. My boyfriend's Lamb shank, was huge! It smelled so good. By the look of it, you wouldn't expect it to fall apart so easily. When we went to get a piece of it, it just fell apart. It was so tender and so moist. It was perfection. Totally worth the 30$. 
I definately want to come back and take my time here. One tip is that I would totally ask for a bigger table or something because the table of two aren't cutting it, especially sicne the dishes are so big. 
MUST TRY; Butter chicken; Lamb Shank; SamosaWe have been to Tashan several times and decided to have our wedding welcome dinner there. The food (which was actually from Tiffin I believe) was excellent. All our our guests raved about it. The space is very very nice and it comfortably fit our large group of 45 guests. The staff were very accommodating of our needs (we wanted to have a microphone for some speeches etc). Bennett, in particular was extremely attentive and friendly.Excellent ambience and great service. Expensive restaurant. Not many vegetarian items. It's more Americanized indian restaurant.Menu is diverse & food excellent. Decent wine & drink list. Can't wait to go back & order the things we didn't get to. The decor is pleasing, however if you're not in a booth you feel a bit exposed. We went early. So there were only a few other diners, which merit things relatively quiet. We had two different servers running food & drinks for us which got a bit confusing. And it took s bit too long for the check to arrive & then get picked back up again for so few people in the restaurant. Wouldn't deter me from going back just plan on a long dinner.soooo this is awkward, because multiple people have told me to come to Tashan for 'amazing Indian food.' My theory is that this was because they have eaten there right before the head chef left just a few weeks ago. Unfortunately, we weren't privy to this information until about halfway through the meal. 
Stinks, because the space itself is really trendy, with a lit up bar, great decor, and an earthy wooden theme going on. 
pros: creme brulee (they just hired a new dessert chef, and this dessert pretty much saved the meal), food presentation (not taste), and Mia (our spunky, great server).
cons: food taste/quality, a busser that took our eating plates and didn't give us new ones while we had our dish just sitting on the table, and waiting time. Also slightly overpriced.
There were only a few other tables present during dinner, so I didn't really understand why it took a good chunk of time for all of our food to come out. I will say that I enjoyed the garlic/redonion/chive naan, but that also took forever to come out. 
We ordered a few small plates, like the chicken tikka vindaloo and the Venison Soolay. They weren't bad, just not mind-blowing or something that I'm dying to have again. 
One thing I could definitely have again is the creme brulee. It usually comes with an edible orchid on top (they ran out, so they gave us blueberries instead - our win), and inside the dish in an indian spiced donut. super yummy. and probably was the reason why I gave this rating a whole three stars. 
I would return just to see Mia at the bar and order the creme brulee. If I'm ever jonesing for Indian food with messy goodness and naan and taste bud prodding, then I will probably go elsewhere for better/cheaper eats.I like that they offer Indian cuisine in a tapas style so you're more open to trying new things. I like the way they hand you an iPad and allow you to order your drinks that way. 
What I don't like is the fact that the food isn't as authentic as some Indian food I've had, and that I'm spending 8 times as much on food that, to me, was just OK. 
Decor is awesome- the place is really neat looking- actually reminiscent of Las Vegas- major points for that- super classy place. 
Just disappointed with the food. I expected to be wowed and I just wasn't.Fabulous, fine dining indian at its best. Amazing ambiance. Delicious food all cooked extremely well and service was incredible. Highly recommended this place to impress any date! The owner also came out and introduce himself near the end of our meal. I definitely will return sometime in near future.We purchased a Living Social deal for the chef's tasting and the food was amazing!  The spinach salad was delicious and the butter curry was the best curry I've ever had.  With the tasting we got four courses and dessert and while some of the courses were small everything was yummy and we were full by the end.  The service was a bit slow but the decor was very nice so we didn't mind sitting for a bit.  We tried a margarita and a cherry sangria which were both good.  There is no garage but it's a fairly residential area so there is lots of street parking nearby.I must admit, I am not a huge fan of Indian cuisine but I went here with a friend for restaurant week and was pleasantly surprised. The decor is rich and vibrant in dark hues and tones. There was subtle, relaxing and calming music being played throughout the time there.
The flavors were discrete yet bold. Nothing was overpowering or over seasoned. I enjoyed being able to look into the kitchen area and see the staff prepare your food. The hostess was very friendly and the wait staff was extremely accommodating and attentive. 
I loved the naan! I am a bread lover, so I was overjoyed when hot, fresh naan bread was brought to the table. The food was excellent and everything was delicious.Buy the tasting menu deal from groupon- it's a great value, though the staff might not be too happy when you present it to them (at least they were happy when we did).  We had an excellent night here with a group of friends, dark and cozy ambiance, great drink options, great food.  Though, it's very expensive without the groupon deal... If you want Indian food that is just as good, but a lot more affordable- go to Ekta in No Libs.The menu is creative with loads of vegetarian and seafood options. We had salmon, cauliflower manchurian, papadum with shrimp that was prepared like an egg roll, and Brussels sprouts, and everything was delicious! Sean was awesome with wine recommendations and in pairing and spacing out the dishes. I'll definitely go back!Delicious indian food... best I've had. We had the chef's tasing menu which filled us up completely and sent us home with plenty of food. I highly recommend Tashan. Its sister Tiffan restaurants have exceptional food as well.Wow. I was really looking forward to the meal at Tashan. Unfortunately, the food thoroughly disappointed me  Not only did it not taste good, it left a horrible after taste in my mouth, followed by indigestion. Service was subpar at best. The waiter forgot a few dishes we ordered and then still charged us for them. It took a few back and forth to get the billing right. 
The quality of cheap Indian Buffet around University City is significantly higher than what we had in Tashan.Absolutely amazing. I've been waiting for this place to open for quite sometime. After months of walking by finally Life. I haven't had the free time recently to visit but today I made sometime. The decor of Tashan is of a classy/upscale restaurant. My friend and I felt so under dressed but I continued on my culinary adventure. I have to say the menu was over whelming at first I didn't know what to choose after some questions my server directed with me to some favorites. I started with the Royal Baby Spinach-Arugula Salad very tasty with a light cinnamon dressing. Next was Burra-Goshti Boti and my friend order the Butter Chicken, two great choices. The Burra-Goshti Boti aged beef cooked to perfection and the nutmeg marinate was delicious. And the Butter Chicken was to die for. Tandoori chicken in a tomato-cream sauce I couldn't stop eating. I will certain try to become a regular at Tashan. I certainly think everyone should come see what Tashan is about.Fantastic! I recommend this place highly, they just opened so everyone on staff is on their best behavior. The cocktail list is fun and interesting, good beer selection as well. Open kitchen is great, and the food is really delicious.
I went there with my friend from New Delhi and he was quite impressed with the authenticity of the food, as well as the modern flare.
My favorite is the malai kofta lollypops! Just to die for. It's also fun because they are all small dishes except for the finale on the menu - butter chicken is amazing. Also it's not incredibly spicy, I didn't ask about altering the temperature of some dishes.
Great lounge area, big dining room, pretty upscale, dress up a little. The staff is fun and helpful if you ask and engage them.Superb! 
Ambiance
The restaurant design is pretty posh and surprisingly large inside.  You can get a pretty good view of the kitchen by sitting in the main dining room.
Food
Some really clever fusion dishes going on.  I've liked everything I've tried here, and the butter paneer might be my new favorite "Indian" dish.   The gulab jamun creme brulee also rocks my world.  Palak Chaat is another stand-out, which is sort of like a twist of a North-Indian dish that has fried spinach, except this is made into a really tasty salad.
Price
The lunch menu is a really good value.  It's currently $12 for a samosa, naan, rice, and main dish.  I'd recommend lunch as a budget-conscious way to check out Tashan. For dinner, the 3-course menu from 5-7 is also a really good deal.  It comes with an appetizer, main dish, and desert for $35.  Dinner can also be had a la carte, in which case, the prices will be higher.
Service
Excellent.  Servers are really knowledgeable and willing to lend some recommendations.  They're good at doing things like filling water without being intrusive.Went to dinner here with my wife.  Service was OK. The waitress kept screwing up our orders and it seemed like she didn't really know the menu that well.  The food delivery guy knew more about the food than the waitress.  Food was fantastic. I loved the fusion twist in Indian food.  Wife and I decided that we only go to Indian restaurants that are fusion (Indochinese, Thai-Indian, etc.) because the regular Indian restaurants are not fun and have the standard dishes.  Excellent food. Loved the desert options.Tashan means "style" in Hindi and that's perfect because this is Indian fine dining with wonderful style and class!  The lovely wife and I showed up on a Saturday night with OpenTable reservations.
On weekends valet parking is $10 and it was particularly convenient.  The attendant made a point of telling us to give our ticket to our waiter ten minutes before we were ready to leave.  We did and our car was ready when we walked out the door.  For $10, nor bad!
We were seated immediately at a small table as opposed to a booth.  Table spacing is just fine but as others have mentioned, you can feel a little exposed. The noise level was fairly high but conversation was not a problem.  We found the modern, chic atmosphere warm and comfortable.
Our waiter for the evening was competent and friendly.  He was slow to ask if we wanted additional adult libations but other than that customer service was excellent. Speaking of adult libations, the specialty drink list here is decent. Most are $10-$12. 
The menu here is substantial and mostly small plates. Our choices were-
The lovely wife-
* Bharwan Baingan.  Baby eggplant with peanuts, almonds and tamarind rice $11.
* Spice Crusted Red Snapper with Ginger, fennel seed and lemon rice $16.
The handsome husband-
* Green Chicken Tikka with Mustard seed, mustard greens and green chili $12.
* Naga Beef Sumi.  Wagyu beef with onion pakora, cucumber and peanut $14.
Shared-
* Spicy Brussel Sprouts with Chili, olive oil and mango powder $9.
* Cilantro Naan $4.
* Masala Donut with 12 spice Fennel sugar, chocolate mousse and cardamon syrup $8.
Much to our delight every dish was a hit!  All were beautifully plated.  Although the Snapper and Brussel Sprouts were noted as spicy we were not overwhelmed.  The Brussel Sprouts were OMG amazing!  The number of dishes we ordered turned out to be perfect.  We were pleasantly full but not stuffed.
Some might say that Indian cuisine and fine dining is an oxymoron.  Tashan will change your mind!After 7 months I decided to return to Tashan.  My friend and I shared the vegetarian chefs tasting and it was to my liking. The service was very efficient and kind and was constantly making sure everything was okay and that we had what we needed. I would recommend Tashan for people who like inventive Indian food.The environment: freaking amazing awesome ambience
the food: aBSOLUTELY AMAZING. HE MENU ITEMS ARE WELL SELECTED AND its is absolutely what fine dining indian food means. great service. the gulab jamun creme brulee to die for. recommendation: oalak tikki kakori kababWe have been eager to try Tashan since it opened because we love Indian food and love fusion restaurants. After checking out some awesome Yelp reviews, we were even more excited. Unfortunately, we were sorely disappointed. We started with a sangria and a Riesling - the Sangria was good, but literally tasted (and felt) as if there was no alcohol whatsoever. We ordered the chef's tasting menu (4 courses + dessert) and it was PLENTY of food. The first two courses came out overwhelmingly fast and there was barely enough room on the table for all the dishes, so we felt we had to eat very quickly. Luckily the meal slowed down a bit after our first two courses were delivered. As far as the food goes, nothing wowed us. We felt as though most of the dishes were underseasoned. The scallops were fairly rubbery. We also found it interesting that for a party of 2 sharing the tasting menu, many of the dishes came with an odd number of items (i.e. 3 scallops, 7 gol gappa, etc.). I guess it was good we are good sharers! Either way, we left the meal quite full, but not impressed by the flavors of the dishes. Something was just missing.  Of note, the service was mostly excellent (our server was extremely knowledgeable), but there were male employees in suits that just walked back and forth and back and forth repeatedly. It was really annoying/distracting as a diner. The crowd was also....different. There was a couple sitting behind us who were making out and caressing each other on the bench along the wall even when another table was seated on the same bench a few feet away. Another table near us had a woman in denim shorts and flip flops. I saw men in cargo shorts with graphic tees, and a larger group came in around 10 wearing major club attire (and one of the girls screamed at the top of her lungs when her friend walked in). Not the restaurant's fault, but definitely made for a different experience. Maybe it was an off night, but I don't think I'd be willing to spend the money to try again. As a "never waste food" person, it was very indicative when I tossed the leftovers...Tashan was an unbelievable experience. If you are going on a date, this is a good spot to go.
Ambiance was very chill, modern lounge like. Dark lighting, funky, hip music playing.
Service was impeccable. I was here on an invitation basis, so I'm sure the service was more attentive, but it seemed as though the waiters and waitresses made relatively frequent rounds, filling up your glasses of water and explaining anything you had a question about. 
Food was like a ride through a fusion adventure of Indian and Asian tastes, with many forks in the road, but all leading to great flavors (and into my mouth). The chefs tasting meal was an experience unique to finer dining, and I am very pleased and satisfied having chosen that as our meal for two people. We enjoyed every single course, starting with the spicy potato appetizer, followed by the crispy spinach salad, then spiced shrimp, grilled meats and scallops, and even a nice desert plate. The only dish we did not enjoy were the tandoori vegetables. We ate one bite and couldn't bare to push through it. The taste was too charred and strange. 
The meal was truly an experience and I am very glad that I was able to experience it in its fullest. The meal pairs very well with a nice glass of their sparkling wine. 
Definitely recommend this place as a weekend spot to go with coworkers, friends, or that special someone.
Happy dining!Let me just start out by saying that I'm not an expert with Indian cuisine so I may be totally wrong with this review but I'm an average diner and so a good restaurant has to please someone like me. That's not saying that they have to serve me americanized food either. I like to be exposed to new cuisines and styles but they kind of have to feel right in my mouth and some dishes here didn't. The place is new so maybe they are still working out dishes, who knows?
Anyway, here's the deal. This place is gorgeous and its clear it's trying to be a really fine upscale Indian place. They have these tandoor ovens imported from England, they have wood and furniture that's custom made by artists, they have a decor that is pretty plush and inviting but if you read my reviews you know that the food has to be at the level of the price and the feel of the restaurant.
So how was the food? Hit or miss. Some dishes like the Tashan Biryani Layer Rice and the Goat Cheese Taftaan were really nice but some, like the Clay-baked Potato Chaat and the Galouti Kebab (I think that's what I got) were really not that great at all. The Potato thing was really oddly textured and the lamb was cooked ok but wasn't anything special at all.
Service was pretty good, if a little eager. It's clear the place is new and trying really hard but they need to shrink the menu a bit and focus on making the dishes rock.
Another thing you know I like is to check out the specialty coctails and the Tashan was one of the best I've ever had anywhere. It was super tasty even though I had to order it from a goofy iPad menu thing. I hope they ditch that idea. It's lame and awkward.
Overall, I think I'd go back just so that I can make sure that I didn't just have really bad luck. I love Tiffin and I order from there all the time but I'm not a big fan of paying a lot of money for ok food. I hope I'm wrong since this place really wants to succeed and I want it to.I heard a lot of good reviews about tashan and I had to make a point to go visit it, as so far Philadelphias Indian cuisine has been a happy surprise. But tashan was a big disappointment.
I ordered the green chicken tikka and plain naan to share for two. The naan was extremely dry and unimpressive. The chicken tikka,although cooked extremely well,lacked any taste to it, it was very bland and the only taste to it was from the chutney sauce it was placed upon,which was awfully sweet. The side of salad also had a very unappetizing bitter after taste to it. The food was quite unappealing.
The wine list was also disappointing, their best being the primitivo,at best being a mediocre wine. Their liquors were sparse and did not do the ambience justice. 
The interior was very pleasant and the service was great, they tried to accommodate us as best as possible and even allowed us to taste some wines before we got them. Alas, the quality of the food was not enough to override the pleasant restaurant vibe.
Overall, I was very disappointed and am sure that there are many other Indian restaurants to go to that are worth the price here in Philadelphia.This place sits between Catherine & Fitzwater On Broad Sts Very Chic, & it oozes Sexy!!! If you want to take some one for dinner date, this ones it!!! 
We made reservations for one of my Closest friends -B-day celebration, it was 6 of us, we sat in huge booth. Aviance was dark, think light could've been tad brighter.
We started out with Naan, garlic , Goat cheese, crab meat , there is no hummus, the ingredients are in the Naan, Exceptional!!!
I got the Gol-gappa Hollow durum puffs, spicy potato filling, tangy mint-cilantro water, most of our party got chicken , except b-day  Gal.It was the Free-Range Butter Chicken Tandoori chicken, fenugreek-scented tomato cream sauce , the sauce was decadent, could've tasted good on a flip-flop!! .Though I'm lactose -intolerant, delt with it, since it was a cream base..Out waitress was personable, little off, but very knowledgeable. Let me say, our Glasses were ALWAYS filled -water!! Outstanding!!!!
Would I go back-Indeed,
btw-I got Mango Lassi.Yumm!!!!!!The decor of Tashan is clean, modern, hip, and luxurious.  The waitstaff is extremely friendly and counterbalances what might be a pretentious environment.  An impressive touch: the wine lists are on ipads.  
We were seated in a small room off to the side, decorated with floor to ceiling bottles of wine.  The doors were studded leather panels that look like they could close for a cozy, private party.  
The menu consists of small plates as well as more regular sized plates.  Tashan is definitely the priciest Indian food I've ever had, but it was certainly delicious.   The waiter had initially suggested anywhere between 3-5 small plates.  Shockingly, I was actually kind of full after 2.  I got the goat cheese taftaan which was goat cheese on a flakey crust and carmelized ginger.  It was unlike anything I've ever had before.  It was fantasic and went well with my my moscato.  Next, I had the mangalorean chicken sausage which was also delicious.  They were served with hot sauce on a bed of chickpeas/puffed rice/tomato concoction.  My friend and I split the butter chicken which was great, but really not much different from the butter chicken that you'd get at tiffin.  Perhaps, the only difference would be the price and the smaller portion.  
I would definitely return here, but I would only get the items that are not available at Tiffin.We discovered Tashan last month, loved our meal there, returned with some friends last weekend, who agreed it was a great place, and I just made my third reservation to dine there later this week. So I really like this place!  It's slightly off the beaten path in terms of CC restaurants, so not impossible to get a table the same week, but the place was crowded both times we were there, and had a good vibe. The food was delicious - we ordered widely and thought each dish was a winner.  Favorite dishes included Palak Chaat, Salmon Tikka, Chicken Malachani (which is actually cornish hen) and Gobi Manchurian, plus the layered whole wheat bread. They brought out complementary snacks each time which were great. Good and reasonably priced wine list, and the i-pad descriptions were a fun touch. Back to the food:  lively, inventive flavors and  beautifully presented. Service was attentive and nicely paced.  One complaint: It's too noisy for my tastes  but I'm getting resigned to most restaurants feeling that they have to amp up the music to create a buzz. Sigh.Despite that, love this place and am heading back again this weekend.My wife and I had their 5 course tasting menu and every dish was really delicious.  The staff was friendly and helpful. 
Only issue we had with this restaurant was that the speed at which the food came to us was slow and the restaurant was warm.  Granted, we were seated next to the open kitchen (a nice feature), even when my wife walked into other parts of the restaurant, looking for a cooler spot, it turned out that it was warm all over.
With that being said, we will definitely return (at a cooler time).
I'd highly recommend this restaurant.This was easily one of the best experience I have had.  The ambience was great, the service was second to none, and the food was delicious.  Our server, Justin, was the best waiter ever.  He was knowledgeable and courteous.  It was our first time eating Indian cuisine and he was very helpful in every aspect possible.  We did the chef's tasting menu and ever item was delicious.  I will certainly be back and highly recommend this restaurant.  Kudos to the entire staff, especially JustinWent for the Chef's Tasting last eve. Had a really relaxing and delightful dining adventure. Loved the chef's creativity with textures in appetizers. Found the grilled lamb chops succulent and subtly seasoned - a nice contrast with the lamb shank in an assertive and beautiful sauce. Other highlights: prawns with basil seeds and coconut cream and the awesome dessert trio!I wish I could give Tashan a higher rating. I will list the good first:
1. Awesome space/decor
2. Very tasty food
3. Friendly service
Now for the bad....I recently want here for lunch with a friend. Since it is lunch hour, the expectation is the food will come out quickly. Especially since the menu is prix fix and the restaurant was empty. Instead we waited an extremely long time for all our food to come out. They had just changed their menu so the waiter was not familiar with it. It was frustrating to wait so long during lunch hour and the amount of food that came out with was way too small for the price. It truly is like a tapas style menu and $15 a  lot to spend on lunch to not get more substantial food and quicker. 
The redeeming factors again are tasty food and friendly service. But I don't see myself rushing back here again for lunch.Well let me start off by saying you better get to Tashan atleast an hour before they close.  Arrived witih a party of 4, and was told by 2 or 3 different people about how the kitchen closes in a half hour and if we didnt order we couldnt be serviced.  The food is good, but the service is downright sorry.  Especially the fact that it is so close to where we live which is at 777 South Broad.  We have decided that we will go eslewhere next time.I love the atmosphere and thought the food was good, but not great.  I also though it was overpriced.  We chose 5 items plus 2 naans.  I had wine; my husband had water only and it was $140.  I love Indian food but not at that price.
I wish we had done the $60 tasting menuI used to rave about this place when it first opened.  It was pricey, but the food was so delicious that it was worth it.  I haven't been there since April 2013, and now it is a different story since executive chef Senat left.  The food is just a touch above mediocre.  I only had two dishes - the palak chaat and peshwari naan.  My palak chat was more like a spinach salad.  Instead of frying the spinach leaves whole, it was cut up then slightly fried.  The peshwari naan only had a hint of cashews and could have used some ground cardamom.  It also lost some of that naan fluffiness - granted, whenever you get a stuffed naan, it is not as fluffy, but this naan was virtually flat.  Perhaps some of their other dishes are better and still up to Senat's standards, but the reviews here don't make me want to try it.  
I would have given this three stars, but my experience of ordering online for pickup made me dock it a star.  My email confirmation stated pickup will be ready in 30 minutes.  I go an hour after I placed the order to pick it up.  I had to wait 15 minutes while they prepared my food.  I know this because the bartender gave me a glass of water and told me that they were "preparing it now."  Obviously it should have been ready, maybe even a bit cold since I was late picking it up. If you can't handle pickup/delivery orders, then don't offer the service.
I was just a bit disappointed with my overall experience.  Not sure if I will be eating here again.Don't be fooled by the swanky-looking decor. Avoid at all costs and here's why:
(disclaimer- lived in India great portion of my life so I'm picky, nonetheless)
- Expensive for the minuscule helpings. We had a good laugh when the aloo tikki dish literally consisted for a single, sad looking tikki in the middle of a ginormous plate.
-Annoying waiter constantly hovering over us constantly using us if we wanted drinks multiple times, despite having said no previously. Told us that the water was 'complementary'
-Maybe there was one dish our table thought decent but the rest of the menu was very average. Also, there is no such dish as the 'Naga beef Sumi.' The tribal Sumi people of Nagaland do not use peanut as a garnish nor use peanuts in their cuisine. 
-got charged $100 as tip on the card when we put down 20% down in cash despite the shoddy food and service. They finally reimbursed that amount but if I were a business that wanted to appease the customer, I would have reimbursed the whole amount or similar.
Going across the river to Jersey for Indian food may not be an option for others but there are plenty of other Indian food joints in the area that will satisfy your tummy.Previous 5 star rating reduced to 1 star after 3 experiences. 
1st experience - Valentine's day weekend - great ambience distracted me throughout the night, 'ok-ish' service, food was sub-par at best. 
2nd experience - Easter weekend - "chef tasting" menu aka cold buffet.... disgraceful, completely ruined my experience and the Indian food culture. Samosa with barbecue sauce.. really? who the f*** has barbecue sauce to go along with samosas? Clearly NOT an Indian authentic chef cooking
3rd experience - Invited back for a complimentary dinner (biggest mistake of my life) since we posted a crappy review on Yelp and the manager at Tashan begged us to take it down and invited us back. We decided to give it just one more chance. That is a choice I will regret for the rest of my life. The service was absolutely horrendous, food was way below average. I'm not sure what they did to that kobe beef but I know that was not kobe beef. This is definitely not Indian food. This is not even imitation of Indian food. This is whacko. It is sorta Indian-Chinese food with a half-hearted French inspired plating whatever the heck that means. 
As a recommendation, IndeBlue is far more superior in it's food and menu (10 times better than Tashan !!!)  and I can't wait to go back there again to get rid of the Tashan in my mouth. Don't blow up your money, you will be sorry just like us who literally ran out the door.
TASHAN CAN KISS MY REAR END, GOODBYE FOREVER. Try offering a free meal again and I'll tell him to shove it where the sun don't shine.I absolutely adored this restaurant. The food was outstanding, the service was outstanding, and the ambience was outstanding! A friend of mine came with me, and at first he wasn't sure if he was going to like it or not, however, he turned out to like it just as much as I did. The prices were a little high however, that was to be expected. I do believe though that the meal was worth the price. The overall feel of the place is dim and romantic. The Music was modern and unexpected, however enjoyable. On the table there was the usual set up with a nice candle in the middle. My friend commented that he wished there was more table room for the plates. They tend to serve large and oddly shaped plates which can be a bit awkward when you're trying to eat. For an appetizer we got the gol Gappa. It's a delicious pastry filled with spiced potatoes and a sweet sauce. Then we had our entrées which was the best part of all. We ordered the famous butter chicken and i was mind blown by the flavors. It is a very similar dish to chicken Tikka masala. If you haven't had that before it's a chicken dish with a tomato type gravy. It came served with rice and our waitress recommended that we get some bread with it so we ordered the GOC Naan. The GOC naan is the kind of bread that has garlic, roasted red onions, and cilantro. The combination of the chicken the bread and the rice was so amazing that you were almost tempted to drop the fork and knife and dig in with your bare hands. For dessert we both had the chocolate Lava cake. I have never had a lava cake with as much chocolate as they provided. It also came with a delicious pumpkin ice cream, which at first seems like it wouldnt be that good but, it turned out delicious. However, I did notice that the chocolatey taste of the cake was slightly different than the normal taste of a chocolate cake you would get at any store, however, this did not stop me from eating it. We weren't drinking that night so, we decided to order peach iced tea and a lemonade. My friend made the comment that that was the best lemonade he'd ever had. I myself found the ice tea to be extremely delicious as well. At the end of the night we both had full stomaches and plenty left to take home. This is definitely a restaurant that I would recommend to anyone and everyone that I know. Also, I will be coming back myself to explore the menu more.I hate to do this, but I need to update my review based on some other experiences at Tashan.
Although the food and service can be good, it can also be bad at times.  I'm now wondering if those bad times are lunch...
Last time I got the lunch special, I ordered butter paneer (which I've ordered many times there before). There were literally 4 pieces of paneer in the dish - yes four!  The sauce was also very thinned down and watery, with very little flavor because of it.  Before we ordered the waiter mentioned that there was no manager there that day, which I guess in retrospect was a strange thing to say (red flag).
In general, the quality is quite inconsistent - but my current theory is that they cheap out on lunch...I don't know...maybe the head chef leaving is significant like I saw some other Yelpers mention.Went there with a group of seven, ordered family style. Service was terrible, the waiter forgot about 3 dishes, cleared the table and asked if we would like to look at the dessert menu, having a folder with the check in his hand already. When we reminded him that we were missing a couple of dishes he profusely apologized and said he wanted to get us new plates anyways. We got 1 more dish out of the 3 and after another inquiry were told that one was actually out and the other one was still being made. We had to ask twice to cancel the last dish as food quality matched the bad service. Dishes were either extremely spicy or tasteless and left a foul taste in my mouth. They attempted to charge us for one of the dishes never served and added 20% gratuity to the check up-front. Despite all the screw-up they and made no efforts to apologize of make up for it.This place is amazing. We have been twice and both times been amazed. For one, I am vegan, so in order to go out to fine dining anywhere I am usually relegated to finding an Italian place and getting plain pasta, something that gets old very fast no matter how good the place is. I have always been a fan of Indian food, but the food at Tashan is unique. It is a perfect blend of Indian inspired dishes with French finery. I had so many options of dishes and they were all unbelievable. My partner, the carnivore went on and on about the boar that melted in his mouth. On top of that everyone in the place went above and beyond to be at our beck and call, from opening the car door outside the restaurant to catering more to my dietary needs than any place I have ever dined before. Last night our server, Bennett, was also serving a huge party of easily 20 plus people, yet we never felt neglected. He was amazing, explaining each dish thoroughly and pointing out what I could eat and what could be modified for me. Back on New Year's Eve, when we tried this place for the first time, Virginia, modified the tasting menu for us so that my partner could have meat dishes, while I had plenty to eat that was vegan. Both servers were so nice and outgoing, that it added to the atmosphere of having everything and everyone at our service. Also, we had so much food both times, that we brought much of it home, too stuffed to eat another bite and for a very reasonable price considering the classy atmosphere. It is quickly becoming my favorite restaurant.Had brunch at Tashan on Sunday, it was amazing, complete with ridiculously huge bloody marys, both regular and wasabi flavored, creme brulee french toast and creme brulee gulab jamon, delicious dosas, tandoori shrimp, etc.  The decor was very upscale with high end finish, definitely the nicest Indian restaurant I've been to in Philly.  Loved the open kitchen, staff was super nice, our waiter Jon was top notch, very attentive and nice.  Comparable to if not better than various topnotch Indian high end restaurants we've eaten at in NYC.  Highly recommend.I was recently at Tashan for their Friday night happy hour, which was fantastic. They have happy hour from 5-7, and 9-11 -- including live jazz music every Friday through the summer which is pretty amazing. It's tough to find great restaurants that offer that late-night happy hour. I sat about five tables away from the jazz band, and the music fit the scene very nicely. I actually wish I had sat a bit closer because it was a bit faint from my seat. Anyhow, the ambiance at the corner of Broad and Catherine (a fantastic drink, by the way) was really fun!  
The food is delicious, I especially enjoyed the calamari appetizer served in a coconut curry sauce. Make sure to order the naan, because it is the best!  Everything is a la carte and it can get pricey, but the happy hour is a great way to check it out if you have not been.Chose Tashan for dinner last night with 2 friends visiting from out of town. Ordered the vegetarian Chef's taster for the table. That was a LOT of food - we had to take a lot back home as it was all so delicious and we couldn't do enough justice to it at all. Tim, our waiter, who was on his first day (!) took great care of us and made sure that some of our favorites were part of the fare offered. He even accommodated one member's request for a protein dish. The chef even came out to give us a special selection for dessert. All in all, one of the best dining experiences I've had in Philly in 2 years, and tremendous value for money.So, I had a family party for around 40 people. I was a little picky about where I should host the event, and after reading many reviews and visiting few of them I picked Tashan. The reason I picked Tashan is due to the uniqueness in their menu, terrific interiors, a great location. I first contacted Brion Pizzi, the manager and inquired about the kind of parties they did. Brion was very accommodating. He helped me pick the menus, as well created a great drinks menu. Within a very short time from the time I contacted Tashan was the date of the party and even 2 days before the party, I changed the menu soo many times and Brion and his team delivered exactly what I wanted. They were at the top of their game during the party. The bartender, the servers were all super friendly and very polite. The food was amazing. The place looked great. I couldn't have asked for more. My utmost thanks to Tashan, Brion and his team. You guys got my next party. Great Job and keep it up.Great dining experience here on Friday night. I have been out of the groupon game for a while as it normally will get you the 2nd class citizen treatment. Still, I have wanted to come here for a while so we gave the tasting menu a chance through groupon and boy I am glad we did. 
Inside was not what I expected, very trendy vibe and the dining room was packed on a Philly summer Friday night - impressive. The only real complaint is I was not impressed with the cocktails. Both the broad and catherine as well as the mumbai were unimaginative and did not complement the first rounds of food. However, there is a great glass of shiraz that has an indian spice finish I was glad I found. 
As for the food you will not go home hungry if you go the tasting menu route. My favorite like many others was the butter chicken. Hands down one of the best cream sauces I've ever had and the chicken was super tender. The GOC naan is the perfect vehicle to make sure no sauce goes to waste. Also worth a try is the Palak Chaat baby spinach salad. Super fresh, nice balance of textures and a perfect palate cleanser between courses (also I'm a sucker for yogurt sauces so this was a winner from the start). The Naga Beef Sümi was a great flavor combination between the wagyu beef, soy reduction and relish although I had hoped the meat to be more tender. There seems to be many other fans of the tandoor shrimp and mine was cooked well but could have used more sauce. The Gol Gappa hollow durum puffs "shots" were definitely unique, worth a try with the flavorful cilantro water. If you're into heat, the Mangalorean Sausages would be up your alley albeit a little dry for me. In addition we had a plate of roasted vegetables in the middle also, really nothing memorable there. The standard 3 item dessert tasting finished off this feast and the creme brulee with a hidden donut treasure underneath was the showstopper.
This place definitely leans Indian-fusion more than authentic but I appreciate the uniqueness. The regular prices are steep but in my opinion justified and I already look forward to coming back. Service especially throughout the meal was excellent, another integral piece of the overall experience. Keep up the great work Tashan.This was our second visit.  First time a year or two ago on a Groupon we did the chef's tasting menu and loved it.  So it stuck in our minds and we came back recently for a replay at full price for a birthday dinner.  With tax and tip, a $150 meal for two for Indian food in Philly.  That's a pretty high bar to rise to.  That's like 15 buffet lunches in West Philly!  That's like dinner for 4-6 people at any of the more upscale places.  So it better be pretty spectacular,  And I have to say, at full price, I was a little disappointed.  First of all the menu has not changed at all from our last visit, and it's pretty small- especially for vegetarian offerings. So we were eating most of the same food.  Secondly, not all dishes are all that creative or interesting.  The entrees in fact were competently typical American Indian restaurant fare, palak paneer and butter chicken (which an Indian friend told me is more British than Indian) and completely skippable.  The small plates were very nice as before, creative and tangy and just the right level of spice. But they were identical to before.  The goat cheese pastry thing was tasty but not the slightest bit Indian, and not as good as what I've had in French places .The rice was dry and the bread was boring.  Last time they had given us two beautiful stuffed nan choices.  This time it was one plain nan and one garlic nan, neither of which I can get excited about (especially for a $150 dinner) and neither of which was among the best I've had.  Gulab jamon-creme brulee fusion dessert was indeed brilliant and tasty and unique and I enjoyed it- but again exactly same as before.  We did get a few new things this time as my wife is a carnivore and we ordered one veg and one non-veg tasting menu, and she reported that the lamb chops were good and salmon mediocre.  But all in all it seems that we simply got fewer food choices by splitting it up between veg and non veg.  So, in the end, maybe if this had been a half-price Groupon I could have enjoyed it more or seen better value.  As is, I am giving my rating on the quality and variety of food for the full price charged, hence the 3 stars.  I don't think we'll be craving this place or rushing back any more.  And if we do, we are done with the overpriced tasting menus and would stick to ordering a number of small plates and not bother with the entrees.  It's still good and creative place but with so many good Indian restaurants (or chathouses serving interesting small dishes for only a few bucks apiece) in and around Philly I would go elsewhere.Finally had dinner here, it was fantastic! Great service, volume not oppressive, excellent waitress who made good suggestions.  One of us is a vegetarian, and one of us had never eaten any kind of Indian food before. That person is spoiled now!
Already made another reservation for our next visit to the orchestra.Tashan is an excellent addition to the neighborhood, with a sleek atmosphere and creative dishes that take a modern approach to the Indian flavor palette. Standout dishes include the palak tikki (a sort of paneer/pistachio patty with morel cream sauce), the baby octopus nicobari and the mangalorean sausages. The service was very attentive, if a bit young and inexperienced.The wife and I finally made it here for Valentine's Day. While it was a prix fixe menu that night, I believe we were able to get a good sense of what they served. 
I enjoyed the Gobhi Manchurian and the Tandoori Shrimp. Both were excellently executed.  My wife and I believe that whenever Indian restaurants try to serve shrimp, they generally don't do well. Not here. The shrimp was perfect.  We shared both as our second course. 
I sampled my wife's butter chicken. Excellent flavor that was unique. But we both agreed that we didn't want to pay exorbitant prices for this dish if we ever come back. I can get butter chicken at one of the local Indian buffets and have it be equally as good. 
I had salmon curry as my main course and it was fantastic. I couldn't get enough of the sauce.  Tremendous dish. 
Other highlights... They served a banana avocado salad that may not always be on the menu but it was tremendous. Desserts were a little small but quite tasty. 
My wife and I have other favorite more traditional Indian restaurants in the city. But we both agreed Tashan is excellent. Service was friendly and attentive too.I am always excited to try new Indian - so this Indian w/ a touch of French fusion had me excited. First off I loved the modern look of the place and open kitchen. it was not the least bit crowded for a Sat night at 8 - surprising. Our waiter was spectacular & attentive- all through the evening & guided us towards a perfect wine.
Having a lot of experience with different Indian foods- I liked seeing the variations on regular faves on the menu - We had trouble deciding - so we ordered A LOT - and that turned out to be a good thing, because the portions are small.. very small.. even for a small plates menu-- small. 
The Goat Cheese Taftaan was really the only disappointment of the evening.. didn't really do anything for me- taste or consistancy wise. 
We went with both the Aloo Tikki & Palak Tikki which were delish- if only there was more.. and NOT TO BE MISSED were the Malai Kofta Lollypops - amazing! The Dal Makkhani was pretty good- though not stellar- and surprisingly I had to order rice separately to eat with this (really??)  My date got the Kangura "Diver Scallop" and enjoyed them (only 3) and we had also added the Chef's Basket of Breads- all very nicely done- fresh & yummy and the 3 dipping sauces were exquisite.
I was ready to end my evening with a dessert of my measurement of all Indian restaurants-  (Kheer) rice pudding - but they don't have it  : ( So we opted for theG - Jamz Crème Brulee which has Gulab jamun in the middle. Pretty good stuff- though a bit bland (needed rosewater syrup)
All in all I  like what they've done here- though it's pricey for the portionsSo my rating of 3 stars is simply based on the over-all decor, ambiance and snazzyness of the place. The moment I walked in and was asked if I wanted to check in my coat I knew this was no ordinary indian restaurant. A look around confirmed my suspicions. So this looked like a real upscale restaurant where everyone was all dressed up nicely and the place was decorated pretty modern. As soon as we sat down they gave us an Ipad to order drinks which blew my friend's mind cuz among our group she was the only one who does not have an iphone. Anyways they also offer complimentary sparkling water which I dont really care for.
THE FOOD:
It was ok nothing special, especially for the price you pay for it. Most portions were tiny, I guess they went for a tapas kinda feel where you order shit load of stuff and share itsy bitsy pieces with everyone. So taste wise again nothing extraordinary: basically not that great. Overall I felt kinda cheated by the amount and taste of the food we ate for the price we paid.
WORST PART: 
They only have 2 vegetarian entrees.
Baingan ka bhurta which is an egg plant thingy which is not that tasteful and
Daal Makhni: HOLD UP wth daal makhni as anyone with an indian origin will tell you IS NOT AN ENTREE. Its considered as a sauce which is typically ordered with rice as a side dish. Its basically a form of soupy lentils which people pour on top of rice, mix it and then eat it. Hence the 1 vegetarian person in our party couldn't order any DECENT VEGETARIAN entree.Felt kind of like Indian/New American fusion. The food was definitely tasty, but overall it didn't have that punch of flavor I look for in Indian food. I will say that the tandoori shrimp were delicious and we left satiated, but with cravings unfulfilled.
Might be a good place to give a less adventurous friend an introduction to different foods.It's pretty simple.  There was a hair in my food.  I notified the waiter.  The waiter said "the Chef sends his apologies."  The waiter forgets to bring a dish that was ordered.  The waiter decides to charge me for the dish with the hair in it. Yeah.  For the price that you have to pay to eat at this venue, the service should be a little better than that.Tashan. Words cannot truly express my delight.
In an area of town that is in desperate need of culinary opportunity, Tashan shines like a bright star. Next time you are walking by Broad and Fitzwater, do yourself a favor, ignore Chinamoto, and head straight into Tashan.
My girlfriend and I have been a number of times for happy hour, which up until a few months ago, was the best in Philadelphia (they still do 1/2 price alcohol for happy hour and used to do excellent 1/2 price bar snacks). 
However, we recently went for our first dinner and couldn't have been happier. We decided on the chef's tasting for two, and every plate of the 5 course meal was better then the last. 
We were bombarded with plates of succulent scallops, beef, saag, roasted veggies, salmon, and more. The entire meal was absolutely delicious.
And we were, in fact, unable to finish our food--having to rack our brains to recall the last time that happened in an upscale Philadelphia establishment.
We left in a daze, practically accosting strangers with our recommendations for the meal we just had.
The ONLY con of a Tashan dinning experience is the same-sex restroom. I'm just not a fan.
Keep on doing what you do Tashan. We love you and we'll be back.Tried this place for lunch during restaurant week and loved everything. The food is amazing, and the service was excellent. We tried all of the vegetarian options as well as the crime brûlée dessert.*This is a Restaurant Week review.* The ambiance right when you open the door to Tashan is contemporary and royal. There is a large golden statue, the walls are dark, the lights are dim, etc. However, our hostess was flustered from a medical emergency that happened right before we walked in, so our first impression was unintentionally very awkward.  
Our meal started with an amuse bouche soup. We never found out what it was because the waitress said it was a tomato-onion soup and the server said it was a potato-leek soup. Either way, it was nice and warm and had classic Indian aromas. A couple of us at the table opted for the wine pairing. The first glass was a sparkling wine, which I was pleasantly surprised by. 
Unfortunately, the appetizers were surprising as well but not quite as good. I didn't think that 2 out of 3 would be cold. If I had known, I may have changed my mind. I got the Bombay Bhel: puffed rice, peanuts, chickpeas, mango, cucumber, tamarind chutney. Although there are sweet flavors, I didn't expect it to taste so dessert-like. I tried some of my friends' Gol Gappa: durum wheat puffs, spiced potato and chickpea, mint-cilantro water. They were a little awkward to eat and not very flavorful. Neither were the Malai Kofta potato lollypops, where I couldn't even taste the cheese. 
My next course was much better. The green chicken tikka was some of the juiciest chicken I'd ever had at a restaurant. I'm also a big fan of mustard seed, so the dish was great for me. My friends who got the wagyu beef skewers and marinated cauliflower also enjoyed theirs; though the cauliflower was a little heavy on the sauce for me. 
So glad I got the 21-spice pork xacutti tenderloin. It was delicious and flavorful, especially with the coconut curry-like sauce. My friends got the Chicken Makhani and Masala Lobster, both which they liked. Loved the naan (who doesn't?) but the vegetable biryani rice was not for me since it was a little on the sweet side. The red wine that was paired with this was great with the food but also on its own.
Overall, service was straddling between overbearing and underwhelming. Each dish was described to us as it came out. After the twelfth description, we just wanted to be able to eat. Also at the end, we had to ask our waitress about the dessert wine in our pairing. Although, throughout the meal our waters were consistently refilled, which is a huge plus.  I would still come back for their regular menu to give some other things a try.After we saw add for pre-theatre dinner at Tashan, we had dinner the next evening with friends.  We had low expectations as at most restaurants the food is not great/ and or staff is not welcoming! Could not have been further from the truth! Our server, Dean, was amazing! He was welcoming and guided us with great enthusiasm through the pre theatre menu.  When he discovered that the restaurant did not have Splenda, he went across the street and got some! I could not believe it!  The decor is sophisticated and relaxing.  Delicious food and wonderful staff!  Better Indian  than anything we have had in Philadelphia, New York or India (after several trips)! They also have free valet parking at dinner I think!In my opinion this restaurant gets a four stars mostly because of the service. Service is on point all the time. We were highly impressed by our server's knowledge and honesty. 
The decor is very modern and cozy at the same time. Is nice to see the open tandoor as well. 
The food by itself wasn't on par with the setting. There is a lot of innovation in the menu for an Indian cuisine. Of the appetizers we ordered, both of them lacked finesse while the concept was good. The flavors were not balanced with both the dishes tipping more in the very sweet and sour territory. The use of tamarind was over powering.
The best part for the main course was the fresh naans. The meat was also properly marinated and cooked tender. The let down was again the touch of extra sweetness, even after knowing some of these dishes are supposed to be slightly sweet.
All in all its a good restaurant as an experience. The portion sizes were generous which is what most of the Indian clientele care about :)
But it still doesn't cut in as a favorite Indian joint in my books.Had dinner at Tashan last night based on a friends recommendation.  Overall the food tasted great and it is a very nice space but the service was SO sloppy it was almost comical.  It took them 10 minutes to seat us with a reservation even though 90 percent of the tables were empty, then our first dish came out and it had the wrong sauce..we told the waitress and it took her 10 minutes to bring the right one, the next two dishes were amazing but we ordered bread and it did not come with the food, the 4th dish came out but was cold and we sent back.  Final dish came.  Still no bread so we asked and then he brought us two breads.  And to get another glass of wine was another 10 minutes.  I get the small plate idea but they have to understand what they are serving and when it should come out and what should be hot.Really enjoyed the meal and experience at Tashan. This is the first time I've seen more non-veg dishes on the menu than veg dishes, which is interesting considering it's an Indian restaurant. I might also add being Indian myself, I have high expectations when eating Indian food out, and am very skeptical of "trendy" Indian food. But all in all, Tashan was excellent and the service was exceptional. 
Some highlights:
Samosa Chaat: delicious. not too heavy, and just the right amount of flavors.
Gol-Gappa: also known as "pani-puri" in India, these were pretty good. not amazing, but i did like how they brought the angy mint-cilantro water  on the side. usually, it is just poured on top, which makes the durum puffs quite soggy
Bombay Bhel: also a winner on the table. 
Muscovy Duck - my favorite! the duck was cooked on the rare side and it was so tender and beautifully prepared. the tamarind sauce was amazing.
Kerala Shrimp Curry: the curry was okay but the shrimp were cooked well
Baingan Bhartaa: awesome. had the smokey taste and was just well prepared without the oil you usually see 
Malai Kofta Lollypops: these we could have done without. they tasted like rice balls, and after one bite, i was finished
I recommend this place and when I am back in Philly, would love to come back!WORST SERVICE EVER! HORRIBLE! I forgot to review this place but it was so horrible I had to warn others. For the type of price point they have and the fine dining atmosphere ( I will say it is beautifully decorated and the owner obviously put a lot of time,effort, and money into the decor) they have the looks of a 5 star restaurant & THAT IS IT! There is nothing extraordinary or spectacular about the restaurant, food, or service. They poorly train their servers on how to interact/behave with the customers. I am thoroughly familiar with Indian food and I know it inside and out so when I came to Tashan I was expecting to be "WOW-ed" but was very dissappointed to see that the staff completely butchered the names, but I'll let that go- what I can't let go is that they had no basic knowledge of Indian food AND ONTOP OF THAT THEY WERE ALL SO DISGUSTINGLY RUDE TO MY GUESTS AND I. Deal breaker right there! City prices with a city attitude and hostility.
I came here twice. The first time was about a year ago, the hostess greeted us, sat us, watered us, and took our order with much difficulty. We had been told they were closing soon so we had to rush our order in-no problem but the attitude was horrible and the food was not worth it. Small portions and a little bland.
Anyhow, I decided to give it another shot and the 5 of us re-visited. This time we came around 5 pm? Not sure but they were very busy, yet it seemed they had enough waiters to go around- if only they were well trained, organized, and cared about maintaing a standard which is imperative for such a restaurant.  
Our waitress came over after making us wait extra long and watered us, then asked for drinks- which arrived very late and no refills on water- forget about refills on the drinks! We asked her about the apps and how many we should get-her response for a table of 5 was to get 8-10 appetizers. You know there is something wrong when you need to order 10 appetizers to have a somewhat substantial amount WOW not only did we order over a hundred dollars in appetizers but they arrived one by one over a period of 40 mins AND WE DID NOT EVEN RECIEVE ALL OF THEM! We got the wrong naan bread and everything came out sparingly it was such a joke and a huge disappointment, especially since we were all so hungry. She refused to acknowledge that we didn't get everything we ordered and when we asked how long dinner will take she replied with a snarky rude comment! Unbelievable at that point we cancelled the dinner order and she called the manager out who offered to discount us but we refused. We wanted him to let the owner know what kind of a service he is providing and the very fact that the concept of ordering 10 appetizers for a group of 10 is seriously flawed. He adjusted our bill and charged us for WHAT WE DID GET and took off what we never received. 
If you don't know real indian food, you might find this place okay. they do a good job of diluting what real indian food is supposed to be with a Western twist to it. I love western food, especially indian fusion cuisines and this place attempts to modernize it for the city people and for their non-indian customers but they fail at doing so. The menu is limited and I think the menu is a problem to an extent- it is not a traditional menu and I appreciate the attempt in trying to give people something different but it doesn't work for me. Lastly the food, from what I remember the first time we visited was the saag( spinach) which was good. The biryani was NOT a traditional flavorful spiceful biryani- mediocre at best. The daal was ALRIGHT I've had better, & the signature dish of indian cuisine the Chicken Makhani/butter Chicken was decent. The baingan Bartha was a let down- so bland it was like eating raw egg plant. The food was overall average, maybe slightly below average considering the prices. Like I said, if you don't know Indian food well you might find that this place is acceptable but for some one like me it just doesn't cut it- the food nor the service.We didn't expect much from a recent lunch at Tashan. Armed with a Groupon and knowledge that the restaurant recently axed their critical darling of an executive chef, we assumed Tashan was in its death throes. Fortunately, the quality of our meal suggested otherwise, and I'd gladly return to Tashan if I could afford it under normal circumstances.
First, to clear a common misconception, Tashan indeed serves fusion fare, but the flavors of the dishes are truly rustic and respectful to real Indian cuisine. Think authentic flavor profiles wrapped in elegant, well-executed packages and you'll have an idea of what Tashan does well, which scored major points with my Indian dining party. Their butter chicken struck the essential balance between tomato brightness and creamy richness, with discernible aromas of fenugreek and other spices. The pieces of chicken themselves had tenderness with a bit of bite, and indeed Tashan's rendition of the classic ranked among the best I've tastedt.
My lamb chops, in contrast, failed to make an impact. Though the quality of the meat was quite good, the flavors weren't anything I couldn't receive from a reasonably authentic Pakistani joint (like Kabobeesh in UCity), so the chops were subsequently a major rip off. Naans had the appropriate levels of fluffiness, and I enjoyed the earthy funk of my truffle version.
Dessert, a creative play on creme brulee featuring gulab jamun, had the proper level of sweetness without dulling the palette. Tashan pleasantly surprised; its refreshing to see well-executed Indian food outside of the hard to find hole-in-the-wall places. If they'd decrease the prices a bit, they'd win many regular customers. Unfortunately without Groupons in hand, Tashan is too much of a splurge for the Indian craving. Consider it a special occasion place for the Indian food aficionado.I've been aware of Tashan for a while but I hadn't made it a priority to visit mainly because I'm not that into Indian food, but based on the high rating I thought it was finally time to give it a try.  I'm glad I did.
The menu is influenced by various global cuisines.  I found it to be very accessible, even for someone uninitiated to Indian flavors and spices.  
The best dish by far was the Butter Chicken, which I get the feeling is not really an authentic Indian preparation, but whatever, it was tremendous.  The tomato cream sauce was amazing, and we used it as a dipping sauce for pretty much everything else we had on the table.  The Crab Cake and Palak Chaat were both quite good.  The Kobe Chopan Kebab was the only miss - it was more like Kobe sausage which I wasn't really expecting, but I'm willing to write that off to personal preference.  I rarely eat dessert but there was crème brulee with a little Masala donut in the center which I couldn't pass up, and it was awesome!
Our waiter was friendly and generally attentive.  The only misstep of the night was an unusually long wait for my glass of wine, which he remedied by providing it gratis, which I considered a fair trade for the minor inconvenience.
Also free valet parking, which I didn't learn until after I left :(
Will definitely go back soon!My foodie friends and I had dinner at Tashan Friday night I love Indian food so I was really excited but it turned out to be a very odd evening.  
First the service: We arrived and had a cocktail in the lounge and were interrupted every 3 minutes by a different hostess or waiter trying to seat us.  This happened 6 times until we told them that they could give away our table and seat us when we had finished our drinks if they had anything available, if not no worries.  They were able to seat us and the strangeness continued.  We were given the iPad wine list but it was asking for a password to open so we had to flag down a waiter to open it for us.  One of my friends is a Sommelier and she selected a Champagne.  The waiter brought us not a bottle but 3 glasses filled, he said he hadn't realized we wanted a bottle, OK.  Next they brought a bottle to the table but it was already opened, when we said we'd like to have an unopened bottle, that was then opened at the table, the waiter said that they don't usually open bottles at tables.  I've never heard of such a thing?  Since apparently they sell this Champagne by the glass, how are we to know if it was a newly opened fresh bottle?  Service was bumpy throughout the evening, taking forks and napkins and not replacing, leaving lots of empty glasses. It was clear this was a restaurant still trying to get its system down
The Design:  The restaurant does have a cool vibe and I liked the decor except,  and this is huge, I hate the coed bathroom set up.  It is one large communal bathroom with multiple toilet closets surrounding a large central trough sink.  One of the closets is marked for Men and it's the first one when you walk in.  I saw women after women walk directly into it to find urinals (so it really is just for men).  I'm just not comfortable freshening my makeup or adjusting my dress next to a  guy I don't know let alone have to toilet next to one!
The Food:  Food for the most part good but not mind blowing, it is pricey and portions are small. We started with the Petite Vegetable Sariya (Tandoori roasted baby vegs) and that was delicious especially the Paneer.  Next the Kobe Chopon Kebob (minced spiced beef Tandoori) and it was OK, done rare which I liked but nothing really special.  I really don't know why we ordered beef in an Indian restaurant anyway, so my bad.  Next the G.O.C. Naan and the Goat Cheese Taftan both of which were very good.  The biggest disappointment was the extremely bland Tandoori Butter Chicken.  What??? Really, it was bland no kick whatsoever.
I absolutely love this new trend of Indian cuisine fine dining so I'd like to give Tashan another try, there are many choices on the menu that looked good so perhaps we didn't choose well (although asked for suggestions). I might come again but will give it 6 months in hopes that they work out the service kinks (and save my up money because I'll need it).Everything about this restaurant is amazing!!! First off, the place is beautiful with a classy and sophisticated decor, a wonderful bar (try some of the drinks created by one of the bartenders... forgot her name), and a unique and interesting open kitchen... you'll even find the bathroom to be an interesting experience. It's obvious that they spared no expense when they designed and built this place. As for the staff and service, they are among the best I've experienced at any restaurant I've ever been to. They are courteous, friendly, attentive, extremely knowledgable and very accommodating. On my most recent visit I was served by Jason Ferrer who did an outstanding job, and when there was a minor issue, it was quickly addressed and rectified by the very helpful manager Brian. Finally, the food... delicious, delicious, delicious! I've been there at least a dozen times and every meal has been excellent! I'm particularly a big fan of the "chef's tasting". I initially tried the restaurant, and the chef's tasting, utilizing a voucher that I purchased on Groupon. Since then, I have taken advantage of these exceptional offers for the chef's tasting from both Groupon and Living Social a number of times, even giving several as gifts. They have even extended the same deal when I've been there with additional diners. But I must say that the chef's tasting is well worth it, and a must try, even at the regular price. It's comprised of five courses, with each of the first four courses made up of different dishes to be shared based on the number of diners... by the way, they will accommodate special requests, allergies, etc. and will even let you try the peshwari naan if you ask. As a result, I've had the opportunity to try numerous different dishes and a symphony of flavors. Every dish I've tried has been consistent, absolutely delicious and never disappointing. If you haven't been there, I highly recommend you try it. If you have been there, I strongly encourage you to experience the chef's tasting. Unforgettable!!!Went during restaurant week which they have a great menu for.  I will definitely be coming back here.  It seemed they were very short staffed the day I went, but the two servers there handled it so well.  Yes, we had to wait a bit for our drinks and our order to go in, but the food was hot when we got it and the servers were so kind and thankful that we were patient.  Very well done.  I'd love to come in during normal hours and see what it's like.Went there with a large group we all ordered their prix fixed menu and every dish was great and just 35 pp it was a great dealWe had been looking forward to eating here for quite some time. We finally went during restaurant week. We had the Naga beef and shrimp appetizers; The lamb shank and lobster; and the spiced molten cake and creme brule. Every single item was just subpar. The Naga beef was chewy. The shrimp was bland. The lobster was a very meager portion. The lamb was very tender but not very flavorful. The molten cake was disgusting. The brule was fine but not exceptional. We won't be returning. Ridiculously overpriced underwhelming food.So I read the review on Google and also here on Yelp. I had no expectations because of that. I mean the bar was set so low...it was pretty much in the ground. I read or poor servers, bad drinks, and little portions.
How misinformed I was...
I went in early May 2015 and not only did the wait staff know every ingredient to their dishes but they gave a healthy and safe alternative when one of our friends told him he had a nut allergy. 
The drinks are fast and great tasting. (Don't drink to much, this is a classy place and being piss drunk is apparently frowned at there). The food comes out as soon as it's done so everything is always hot and steaming. The wait staff will tell you the intensity of spices and ingredients of ever plate. The naan is out of this world. We also used their car parking service and it's about 10 bucks well spent, especially in center city.
Bottom line, you'll see a love it or hate it polarized view in ever restaurant but this place is great. The food is made on the spot, it's designed to be shared as a family meal not as one dish per person, and you are always made to be the most important thing to that particular server. 
I will definitely return again and again.Has made it's way into my top 5!
My girlfriend and I headed here a week or so ago and it being my first time, i was open to anything. 
The ambiance was loungey/calming/upscale, without being pretentious. 
Our waiter was extremely helpful, with not only explaining the menu, but with pairing wines to what we ordered (admitting i don't know much about Indian wine!)
We ordered: Palak Tikki (the taste was truly unique and wonderful), Goat Cheese tafftaan (oh, yes), Baby octopus (great charcoal flavor, tender), Butter Chicken (melts. in. your. mouth.) and teh garlic naan. 
The spices, textures, aromas were amazing. Can't wait to go back!I loved this place! I went here with my boyfriend on a whim, and had one of the best dates I've ever had with him! We were greeted by an extremely nice host, and were seated at a table near the kitchen. It's an open kitchen, so you can watch everything the chef's are cooking. It was great! I also noticed these really nice booths for larger groups, that looked like they were tucked in their own little nook. It was very intimate and cozy. I will consider this for the future.
Our server was fantastic! He suggested a great red bottle of wine to go with the spices in the food (which by the way, when I say spices I mean the flavors. The food is only as spicy as you want it to be). For an appetizer, we got the samosa chat which was so good! It was served with greek yogurt and roasted cashew, which was the cherry on top. Next, we got the Diver Scallops, which were the best I've ever had! They just melted right in your mouth. Those are a must have! Another great dish we tried was the Shrimp Tandoori, which came with a few different sauces to dip with. Also amazing! We tried a few other things as well, but I don't remember the names. I have pictures of most things we ate. I gotta say though, everything we had was unbelievable. I CANNOT wait to go back!Not impressed.  It's an attractive place, and the food tastes good, fine, whatever, but I was under the impression it was a real Indian restaurant, and not like a Stephen Starr place, as in expensive, imitation cuisine.  Service was poor, they forgot things; it took a while to get things, including dessert menus, and when we finally got them, one was the vegetarian dinner menu instead.  And it's always a bad sign at dessert when a waiter says "we're brewing a fresh pot of coffee now", which means you'll get it Thursday.  Even the table was weird and awkward to sit at, with it being almost too low to get your legs under.  Save your money and go to King of Tandoor and leave satisfied every time.Food: 4.5
Decor: 5
Ambiance: 4.5
Service: 5
Value: 4
The closing of Tashan is a real loss for the Philly dining scene. I fear not nearly enough people were able to experience this gem. It was doomed early because of its location. However, every aspect of this place was top notch, and will truly be missed.We finally tried Tashan last night! The place looks really nice inside. We arrived a bit early so we sat for drinks at the bar. There were a number of imaginative and unique cocktail options. Our favorite was the 'Sanskrit'. We had decided before hand that we were going to do the Chef's tasting. It may be a bit pricy for you but I promise you that it was soooooooo worth it. We had plate after plate come to our table (the menu is all small plates to begin with). The food was superb and we certainly weren't cheated: we were served plates with shrimp, scallops, foie gras, lamb, quail, and venison along with other incredibly tasty vegetarian dishes, and a beautiful show for dessert (ask for flaming coffee or tea; trust me). Despite all of this incredible food, perhaps the most enjoyable part of the meal was our waiter. His name was Alex and he was not only knowledgable but also very fun and engaging. He made our dining experience truly enjoyable. I've lived in Philly for about 7 years and this was easily one of the top 5 meals I've ever had. I will unquestionably return and tell everyone I can about this wonderful restaurant. Cheers.Love this place. Great food,friendly staff, nice atmosphere. Flaming drinks are amazing. You might even spot an Eagle here.My friend and I accidentally happened to go to Tashan during restaurant week. The plus side was free valet parking. The down side was prix fixe expensive dinner menu which was way too much food for 2 small eaters and also less variety to choose from.
Our waitress was quite artificial and very scripted in personality but entertaining nonetheless. Other waitstaff were a bit odd, and the busboys didn't know what they were doing (one guy tried to balance all 7 plates and silverware at once without tray, almost dropping everything and another giving us dinner plates for dessert. They also forgot to bring out our naan bread but didn't apologize when we asked about it. All the dishes were described to us except dessert, which the waitstaff just said there was a scoop of pumpkin ice cream on the side but didn't describe anything else...
The decor was very nice, but it was extremely dark, which made it hard to see what we were eating. It also was on the chilly side. 
For the first course, we ordered the Gol Gappa and the Malai Kofta Lollypops. The Gol Gappa was alright, didn't particularly love the flavors though. The Lollypops were very good. I liked that they were panko-crusted and not fried; the filling was creamy with potato, cheese, and spices. The cheese was a bit hard to decipher and there were some incredibly spicy peppers hidden in there. The sauce for this dish (tomato cashew) was very tasty and I liked how the dish was presented on little sticks in a pot.
For the second course, we ordered the Tandoori shrimp and the green chicken tikka. This course was my favorite. The shrimp were perfectly cooked and very flavorful. The mouseline along the side was interesting. The green chicken tikka was also perfectly cooked, very tender with a subtle flavor. The chicken dipped in the mustard oil/sauce was outstanding. 
For the third course, we chose the Pork Xacutti and the Chicken Makhani. The pork was cooked well and very flavorful as was the sauce it came atop of. I appreciated how the pork wasn't entrenched inside the sauce. On the menu, it said souffle accompanied this dish. Instead there were a few what I would call potato pillows, with a hallow interior. Didn't like these. The chicken was extremely disappointing. It was extremely dry and the sauce was just fair. 
These dishes also came with naan bread and vegetable biryani with raita. The naan was pretty good (when warm), but the biryani wasn't flavorful at all and too dry, also had pickled okra which I didn't care for. I've had much better biryani at Indian restaurants. 
Overall, in these dishes, I missed fresh vegetables, which were basically non-existent. There was a teeny cabbage salad with 2 teeny shaved radish slices. I savored this. :)
As for dessert (fourth course), I really enjoyed the creme brulee with the gulab jamun inside, but the spiced molten chocolate cake was very disappointing. It lacked in flavor and sweetness. The pumpkin ice cream tasted like rotten pumpkin with no sugar. 
My friend and I were overly full by the end of this dinner and packed up a lot of leftovers to take with us. 
This restaurant definitely seems overpriced for the quality of food you receive. The presentation of food was very creative for the most part though and I might go back to get only certain dishes like the shrimp tandorri, green chicken tikka, and creme brulee, but there are so many other restaurants to explore in Philly so probably not anytime too soon.I ordered the crab cake and needless to say I was very disappointed.  Decor and ambiance was wonderful and so was the drinks....
I will need to try this place again...We were excited to try a new place in the city that we hadn't heard much about, and Tashan definitely delivered. The atmosphere was awesome. Trendy without being overdone or cold. The design is dark and hip with Indian touches.
We had a reservation but they asked us to wait...this turned into close to 45 minutes, but we didn't mind. Got a few drinks at the bar, and they took care of them for us because of the circumstances.
All of the tables at Tashan are large and spacious, and the walls are covered in plush booths that would be great for parties or special occasions. There were also some large spinny chairs that we will likely be requesting (if that's even possible) for our next visit.
To start, we shared the Peshawari Naan with cashew, pistachio, almond, coconut, and raisin stuffing. This was amazing and we could have ordered more. Warm and soft and sweet. We also had the Diver Scallop "Kangura" with cumin-cranberry chutney. These were great as well, although I thought the chutney overpowered the scallop.
For our main we shared the Tashan Mughal Dum Biryani with Goat, and the Banana Leaf Chilean Bass with poha rice crust and chili coconut foam. The bass was cooked perfectly and very delicate, if anything it was on the blander side, but still enjoyable. The Biryani was served in a clay pot with naan baked on top...kind of like an Indian pot pie. They opened they naan table side and mixed all of the layers inside together for us. The rice and goat were flavorful and warming.
We decided to skip dessert or after dinner drinks, but can't wait to go back and try their preparation of flaming chai tea.
The presentation on every dish was beautiful, and the service was impeccable. An overall great dinner and great start to our night. The atmosphere and the food combined made for a very memorable experience.Finally ventured down to Tashan for an early dinner.  We were seated in the wine room which for us worked out since much quieter then the front of the restaurant.  Waiter was very helpful in explaining how the menu works.  Food comes out as it is ready.  We started with Tandoori Shrimp and raw oysters.  It seemed a little odd after the explanation  of how the kitchen works that we were finished eating the shrimp before the oysters arrived - hmmmm -  raw vs. cooked.  We then ordered a small plate of creamed spinach - lamb shank and crispy duck  for large plates.  I have to say everything was great but the best dish of the night was the creamed spinach.  Both meat dishes had great flavor but the lamb was very chewy and the duck was very tough - even hard to cut with the knives provided.  The overall experience was enjoyable and I know we will go back to try again.  Only other oddity is on open table it list it as $$ which is certainly not the case - Our dinner with one glass of wine and dessert was $145 before tip.I went to Tashan during happy hour to watch the afternoon US soccer game.  The specials were definitely worth it.  I was impressed with the upscale decor of the restaurant.  The menu was definitely Indian with American influences.  I had a few of the 1/2 off dishes, including: Malai Kofta Lollypop and Green Chicken Tikka.  Both plates were elegantly plated and tasty, but needed more sauce.  The bartender and servers were attentive. I also tried 2 cocktails at half off, and was provided with the shaker.  Good experience, but the restaurant is off the beaten path.I took a group of foodies there for dinner this evening and we had a fabulous time! The atmosphere was beautiful though it was a little too warm. We even got to sit at the chef's table! Our server Virginia took very good care of us, was very knowledgeable about the food and made excellent recommendations!  The food was amazing especially the scallops and calamari. The cocktails were interesting and delicious.  Brian, the manager, wowed us with a pyrotechnic grande finale when one of us ordered the flaming chai and was thoughtful enough to divide among each of us to try. I would definitely recommend Tashan and look forward to returning! I would definitely get the chef tasting menu next time!So about a week ago the Tashan manager reached out to me to get me to comeback. He offered me a 4 course tasting for two...So I made a reservation for today. ..
I took my girlfriend and we headed to happy hour first and then dinner....
The happy hour was awesome and was greatly discounted...The bar tender was a true mixologist and each round of drinks was a special blend. ..I had the apple punch followed a blueberry punch and then a cucumber, mint and strawberry punch drink...it was wonderful and it the drinks were made from fresh fruit...
The four course tasting was awesome!!!! Everything was great!!! What will forever stay in my mind is the salmon and the tirmasui. ..omg I will have dreams about this food. ...So much food and seasoned to perfection...The veggies were grilled and seasoned so well...
There was a vast alcohol section that was eclectic and rare in other restaurants. ..
The decor was very lovely. .
I met the manager and he was friendly and about making an experience for each customer. ..I really like that and this is true customer service!!!
Tashan has won me over and I will be back, espically for the drinks!!!Ate at Tashan for the first time and LOVED. Yet another small plate style restaurant (a la many of Garces). Each plate, however, seems a little bigger than the norm for the style. That makes the tab pretty reasonable for the quality of the food. And the food - which after all is the point - is excellent! Indian inspired but unlike any Indian food you have likely had before. Highlights: a mussels special in an amazing rich complex broth; the lollipop fried ball things on a stick (forget the name, but they are amazing, crunchy on the outside, and rich and creamy inside); seasoned ground Kobe beef on a skewer; mini lamb chops, "frenched", marinated and seasoned amazingly, melt in your mouth tender. Service was also excellent. And the design/vibe is "chill" - sleek, modern, stylish, Indian-style mellow music playing, but not too loud. This place would be great in ANY neighborhood but this area has really needed a top notch restaurant/lounge spot.Tasty and flavorful. My only wish is for authentic presentation vs creating the hip, trendy look of sauces and swirls on my plates.This place is great! The food is not traditional Indian but inventive and has never disappointed. Bartenders are attentive and quick. Great place for a large group party. Totally worth the trip a few blocks out of the high traffic portion of center city and you can't go wrong with the tiffin crew.Avoid.
The food was very sub-par, bland and they charged us for rice.  Can you imagine charging for rice in an Indian resturant?  Absurd.
There was only 2 other tables with people eating, and lots of service staff but none of the staff really came to our table.
I ordered butter chicken, it was flavorless.  One of the people with me ordered the salmon tikka and told us all at the table there was no flavor at all.  It was like eating air, no flavor what-so-ever.  
We all agreed that the only thing that had any flavor, and it wasn't an Indian flavor, was the Vindaloo boar chops. 
Service was very slow, our appetizers came with our main course.  Order all your drinks for the night at once because the staff will never come back and ask if you want another round.
The chicken biryani was swimming in some kind of yogurt sauce, there must have been 2 cups of yogurt on the plate, which totally overwhelmed the entire dish.  
The lamb vindaloo, a traditional spicy dish, wasn't spicy at all, and drowned in sauce that you needed to hunt though to find any meat.
Avoid this place, and get take out or delivery from Ekta or some other much better Indian place.
I'd give this zero stars but the decor was nice, trendy and dark, but nice.Tashan reminded me of how I feel about Wednesdays. You are excited and happy to be there, but still know there are a few things to do before celebrating. My husband and I walked there last week and loved the decor as soon as we walked in. We were seated next to two other diners whose food looked awesome. I had read Michelle C's reviews, so I had an idea of what I wanted. Our server was very nice and recommended we share 4 or 5 small plates and then get a big plate. We were kind of confused by the drink list on the iPad. I said to my husband, "Is this just for information or do you click and order from it?" We were not sure, but our server clarified: you order the drink from him. We shared the goat cheese naan (I think they gave us the wrong thing) scallops (good, not great), fire roasted vegetables (I loved), octopus (husband loved), kofta lollipops (the best thing!) and as our shared big plate, the chicken biyrani. This was absolutely delicious - I peeled the crust off of the bowl it was so good. Everything was good, with the exception of the biyrani being amazing. Also amazing was our chocolate dessert. I did not have any of the cake once the liquer was poured on it, but my husband loved it. I loved the chai sorbet. Tashan is not cheap, but it is gorgeous and worth a try! I would go back, but would not move it to the top of my list quite yet.Tasty fusion Indian food. Place is beautiful,  they have a private room for about 20. We came for lunch,  and service was bit slow,  but they were very courteous and food was hot and delicious. The creme Brule with gulaab jamun center is to die for!I came in last night for resturant week and had an amazing meal -  largely impart because of my server Brian!  He was super attentive, helpful and charming too.  I would defiantely recomment this place - great indian inspired food!Tashan is my go to indian restaurant. They are definitely good at pulling off the upscale indian food thing, which is hard. I don't classify this as indian fusion, most of them the flavors are authentic (like adding pomegranate purée to spinach chat). My favorites are spinach chat, butter chicken and chicken biryani are my favorites. Love the bread too! Ambience and food they've got both right.My boyfriend and I had an incredible dinning experience at Tashan recently. We have rarely felt compelled to write a yelp review, although this meal was absolutely deserving of some positive feedback.
We started out our evening at the bar where Chris, the bartender, took great care of us. He was personable and engaging. What a nice guy!
Once our table was ready, we were seated and put into the care of Liam. What a wonderful server! He was very helpful with the menu, answering all of our questions and giving detailed descriptions of the food items. He was friendly and hospitable, probably the best server we have had in a LONG TIME!
Not only was the service impeccable but the food was out of this world. We have been to Tashan three times now and it has been consistently delicious each and every time. As for small plates, Liam suggested we try the Baby Octopus Nicobari and it was the best Octopus we have ever had. (THANKS LIAM!) We also had the Tandoori Shrimp small plate: the shrimp were cooked perfectly and the yogurt sauce that came with it was unreal. For entrees we had the Butter Chicken and the Banana Leaf Chilean Bass...BOTH WERE AMAZING!! You really can't go wrong with any of the menu items, everything is absolutely incredible! 
This is by far one of Philadelphia's best restaurants and we would recommend it to everyone! We had the perfect dinning experience: a lovely, modern atmosphere with incredible food and amazing service. We are definitely going back ASAP!Restaurant Week Dinner
----------------------------
I came here with someone who never had Indian and he was way too worried about trying it. Personally I thought that there were a lot of Americanized items on the menu, making it easy for people like this. 
First course- Palak Chaat
Second course- Kobe Chopan Kebob
Third Course- Xacutti Pork Tenderloin
Fourth course- Tashan Crème Brulee
Palak chat was amazing, this was my favorite. Kobe Kebob was extremely flavorful, spices were great. Pork tenderloin was ok. The "21 spice" sauce that was on the side was incredible. I wish they put more on the plate. 
Now for the service. Its upsetting how horrible it was because the restaurant wasn't at all crowded. We probably saw our waiter twice the whole night. We purchased a bottle of wine and although we could easily pour our own glasses, our waiter should have been doing this at times. The server who brought us all of our food seemed very anxious as if they were busy. He also dropped silverware/plates numerous times.
I would like to come back for their regular dinner menu, assuming that the was an off night for the waiters.Food is awesome - its ethnic indian food with a twist in presentation and palette. However, service was not in keeping with the standards of the place. We had prefix menu, which tasted good but the time delay between two course was HUGE! We told so to the host, and they were gracious enough to accept their mistake, and gave us a minor discount.Good food, not so great service.  Went for a quick lunch and it took almost 2 hours with only one other party in the restaurant when we arrived.This restaurant deserves five stars for the whole package.
First the decor is super cool and funky. The drinks were amazing. Although a little on the expensive side, I had the Tashan which was their signature drink with smashed blueberries. It was sweet but not too sweet. 
All of our food was amazing. The salad appetizer (i dont remember the name) I think its the bomb bell was delicious. It sounded weird but we decided to do it based on our servers recommendation and he was 100% correct. That next to the spinach appetizer were my too favorite. Everything was perfectly spiced and good size portions. 
Finally I see a lot of complaints about service but our waiter Mark was the best possible. He was so attentive and had great recommendations. I cannot wait to go back!We purchased a "3 course Brunch" certificate on Groupon last week and went to use it today. We paid $25 for the Brunch for Two and it appeared that we had a choice of items for each course.  The details listed were (and still are) confusing because it says two breads, Two Entrees and Shared Dessert (with up to values given for each) but it also says if you order the Dinner option you get up to $120 for  $60. But we were there for brunch expecting some choice.
We found that the $25.pp Chef's tasting brunch is the Chef's choice and it is a lot of carbs but more courses and still good value.  The server (Jason was ours, and ever efficient) first asks if you have dietary restrictions (couple next to us wanted vegetarian) and then said that everything is cooked to order. (This is important because it can take time. It was clearly 20 minutes until our appetizers arrived). I cannot tolerate pepper - black or red - and stated this when we ordered. The menu had lots of sweet items on it so I thought it would be safe. I've eaten in Indian Restaurants and had food with no pepper.
So first we received a bread with sweet fruits and coconut (to share) that was tasty as well a a bowl (sharing) of crisp Kale salad. The other "appetizer" was a tomato based dish served hot. We tasted it and it was LOADED with pepper. I called over Jason and said it was spicy. He said "I asked the chef to tone it down. It's not very spicy.". I replied that I request "no pepper" and he replied (his only misstep during the meal) " Well, after all this IS an Indian Restaurant!". I said it was inedible for us and I hoped the chef could find a substitute.  (He did as you will see).
Next came our entrees to share: One was a thick French Toast with a LITTLE kick of spice - but I was able to tolerate it - and an omlette with cheese and morels and I think sausage with another salad in a wonderful dressing. This came with a bread stuffed with goat cheese. And finally the replacement appetizer which was Oatmeal (they use Quaker Oats as I saw the box) with dried banana chips. BTW, the vegetarians had same French Toast as us but, instead of the omelet, they received 3 cocoanut pancakes.
Dessert was a sampler with small portion of crème brulee, small cup of chocolate mousse and a superb raspberry-rosemary sorbet.
So we did get 3 courses PLUS two breads and were quite full when we left. The restaurant is beautifully decorated and the open kitchen is fun to watch if you sit near the back. We also enjoyed the music.
So, if you are into Indian Cuisine, I'm sure you will be happy. If - like me - you can't eat foods with pepper or spice - you can still enjoy it; just be emphatic up front about it. And know that with the 3-course $25 brunch you get great value (even without the group) but you have no choice of what will be delivered. And if watching your carbs, this is probably not the deal for you.Let me just start by saying that I usually don't write reviews, but I absolutely had to write a review about my experience here. I've been to Tashan numerous times since it has opened. The reason I came back WAS because of their good food and service. I went there this past week with my family from California and New Jersey for my graduation dinner. When we arrived, there was chaos, our table wasn't ready, when thr table finally was set up 10 minutes later, the chairs were mismatched, no toddler seats for my niece and nephew. I expected things to be arranged because I had made my reservation 1 week earlier. Once we were seated, it took our waiter over 20 minutes just to take app and drink orders. When the apps came out, there were dry, over salted and seemed like the vegetables were made in a bath of lemon juice, it was disgusting. The tandoori shrimp was cold and shriveled. We ordered mango lassis and the waiter didn't have the decency to tell us they ran out of the lassi until we asked the third time what had happened to the last lassi, he just kept saying it was coming. The only items that we ordered that were still good at tashan were the butter chicken and veg/chicken biryani. I talked to the manager for a few minutes and tried to give him constructive criticism. I'm not sure he understood what I was saying. But I asked him, I'm not the only who has said things have changed for the worse since new management came in about a year ago, he said no I wasn't, that he has received similar complaints about the food and service. That should tell you what has happened to this once proud restaurant.Awesome. Not your usual Indian food.  Very unique.  The chefs are talented, bartenders wonderful, and service excellent.Ok so Tashan I am disappointed 
The food was not bad.... but it was not great
I was disappointed!!! Don't think I will be backFirst of all the food was good and we have no complaints there. What was amazing to witness was the food service, mind you we did not have a bad experience...but seemingly everyone around us had an awful one! In a nutshell this is what we witnessed: a table telling their waiter they never got their Old Fashion drink order, another table telling the same waiter their bill included an Old Fashion that was never ordered, a patron waiting for take out which he never received and just leaving empty handed, the expediter seemingly confused the whole night and oddly disappearing for a lengthy amount of time, another patron walking up to his waiter asking for boxes and finally their check, a table that was absolutely furious at whatever service deficit they were experiencing and the front of house manager magically showing up whom we hadn't seen all night (accordingly to the yelling they were waiting on food and tableware for "90 minutes") and last but not least, a server screaming at the bartender which prompted said bartender to leave the restaurant and not return for the rest of our meal (we left 5 minutes before closing). As my dining partner commented "talk about a meal and a show!!"The service was not worth the price you pay for! Clearly overpriced and more importantly we encountered a strange experience! The restaurant closes at 10 pm, we knew we were late when we stepped in at 9pm but asked upfront if it was too late for the chef's special. Initially they greeted us in to get the guests, but the chefs stopped cooking 15 mins prior to close of business. Meanwhile we requested for a second serving of lamb chops and even the server was nice enough to entertain our request. But the chef declined upfront and backed by the manager, they rejected our request! I felt it too rude and this one experience will turn me & my friends away forever! None of the dishes were out of the world and even the portions served were scanty, so by all means I can give it only 1 star for the ambience. Horrible service and mediocre food!A good place to relax and not feel rushed. Service was good. Coming from india i cant help but compare the food quality and quantity with other indian restaurants and home cooked meals. A gobi manchurian for 9 dollars one would expect would serve at least  2. It literally had five small cauliflower heads. The oil it was fried in tasted old. Green chilly naan was in no way spicy even by american standard. However their vegetable biriyani was good and sufficient to serve a party of 5.  A restaurant this expensive i would expect paper cups with straw to serve water for kids. But no, not that child friendly but the staff were great with kids. This is a one timer for me and i had a sufficient taste of tashan.Came here for lunch to celebrate a friend's birthday. Te place makes a great expeirence--so funky and cool. The small plate apps hit the spot, and I loved my Saag Paneer-fresh and full of explosive spices.Service was bend-over-backwards accommodating.  Definitely want to return for dinner.We had our wedding dinner at Tashan with our friends. They gave us the wine room. We chose the four course dinner option. Everyone loved the food. Service was great. We requested some additional adjustment as we had a vegan friend;they took care of that nicely. Servers were really friendly. Our guests were happy and so were we. I highly recommend this placeAfter trying out their surprisingly tasty $9.99 lunch special, Tashan proved worthy of dinner too.  I finally had dinner here with three friends and we were all in agreement that this was a very good meal.  The decor is nice, very contemporary and not tacky or trying too hard.   We had the chance to sit in one of their large square booths which was like a semi private room/alcove and so conversation was comfortable and normal restaurant noise at a low level.
The food was great throughout.  We had a few appetizers and a number of "share plates" which are normal sized main course servings. The share plates are not huge but nicely done. Over all, this restaurant served a number of vegetarian and meat based dishes that are all tasty in a way that was less expected and more creative than your average Indian restaurant.  I'll definitely be back.
Warning, the bar is good but prices are the same as any high-end center city restaurant.I went here twice in a matter of two days. The first night, I ordered a variety of plates, none of which I found particularly to meet my needs (though they were all pretty good - just didn't quite hit my craving).  I tried the Palak Tikki - a good spin on aloo tikki. It's got interesting flavors - but be warned, it's a pretty small bite.  The naan was excellent - perfectly baked and crafted.  I also tried the sauce of the butter chicken (which tasted great) and ordered the malai kofta lollipops (which really could have used more sauce in them - but were good).  All in all, I was happy, but not totally thrilled or blown away.  The cocktails however, were a different story.  They were pretty good.  Additionally, during happy hour (5:30 - 7:30) or 5 to 7 - I forget - they are only $7.  I had the tashan (blueberry martini like) and the agrak (tasted like a margarita).  Some of my friends also ordered the bombay bhel, and enjoyed it.  
I also went back the next night, and found the food to be much better. I shared the eggplant bharta and the naan with a friend. They were both great. I also tried the tashan again - which was good, AND had a drink called the dhoom (which was to DIE FOR).  The dhoom made me appreciate this bar even more. 
Service is good, ambiance is great, I think that as people hear about it - more will come to hang out.  But honestly am unsure how it's going to do based on the fact that the food is expensive, the drinks are all a little too expensive, and it's just a weird little space.  It's located in a random neighborhood, and has none of the tiffin appeal. It's not the same comfort, yummy, predictable Indian food that people go to Tiffin for.  The food: order a few of the small plates (bombay bhel and aloo tiki are recommended) - and then have one of the BIG plates at the end (bhartha and daal for vegi people).Wow, the food is amazing. Although I was here for a yelp event, I can't wait to go back. The crispy salad was amazing (spinach?) and I still think about it!  I wish I remembered all of the food we tried but it was all sooo good. The chicken, rice and creamed veggies were delicious. For dessert the donut was so sweet and soaked in honey. The only dish I didn't love was the cottage cheese type dessert, just the texture threw me off. The decor is super trendy and modern, perfect for birthday dinners or parties. Yum!!!Tashan is definitely a good restaurant to enjoy some good food. We ordered their scallop appertizer, calamari app, and butter chicken and salmon filet and three different types of Naan. We enjoyed the different Naana, scallops and butter chicken dish a lot. The calamari dish was ok, however, the salmon dish is a bit salty and nothing special about it. The waiter kept saying that there was only one place where this salmon could be caught and only one tribe was allowed to fish for it so we tried it. We were disappointed but everything else was  good. We had asked for a pitcher of Sangria but the waiter went to ask the bartender and came back out to tell us that each glass is made with special blends of fruits and so on and was not able to accommodate our request for a pitcher so we ordered a glass each and when we got it there was no fruit in it, we were disappointed and when he asked if we wanted another glass we said no....Tashan has got it going on.  It's sleek, smooth, sexy and I haven't even gotten to the food yet.  I really like the design of the place and when your girlfriend looks across the table and says to you, "you look very Mad Men right now", well it's hard to not feel cool in a place like this.
It turns out that in addition to their regular menu and tasting menu, they have a dairy free menu which is what we ordered from.  The meal began with two types of bread and some chips and a host of chutneys.  My favorites on that were the cilantro and the ground chili.
As for our mains, we ordered the Bombay Bhel, Vegetable Sariya, Baingan Bharta and the Shikari Quail.  Let's go in order:
Bombay Bhel - reminded me of other chaat dishes I've had but this was way, way better
Sariya - I'm a sucker charred veggies and the cilantro dipping sauce won me over
Bharta - the smoked eggplant and spices were just at the right levels for me and it had a really deep red color that I enjoyed
Quail - spiced the cooked just perfectly and the tamarind went really well with the rice.  Overall, a very creative dish in my opinion.
The sorbet deserves special mention.  The flavors apple, melon and mango all tasted amazingly good in that they actually tasted like each of the flavors.  The apple one was like scooping apple pie filling.
So not only did the place itself win me over the but food followed in lock step.  I can see myself stopping off here on my schlep home to sit at the bar and indulge.Decent food, reasonable price but terrible, terrible service. The wait staff rarely checked in, rarely refilled our water glasses and generally was non existent. I read in other reviews that this was the case also. So, if you're in the mood for decent Indian food and poor service, check out Tashan!I think after reading several reviewer's comments, I need to go back and try their regular menu. We went on Valentine's Day so there was a limited menu. 
There were things that we loved: The avocado papad chaat, the almond milk drink, the chili Naan, and the strawberry part of the cheesecake dessert. 
On the other hand, My boyfriend said his salmon curry spices were good, however the salmon was very tough. I got the paneer dish as my main entree and even though I love heat and spiciness in my dishes, I thought this was overkill. (Not on the heat, just didn't need as many spices as were in it).  I also got the gobi manchurian and it was cooked well. I just wish there was a small amount of noodle or rice served with it. I ordered the chocolate cardamom cake and was so disappointed in how dense it was. I think if it was heated another min or two, it would have been lava cake like in the middle as I think it was meant to be. 
Overall, the service was fine and the plating very nice. The portions look small, but really fill you up! Based on other reviewer's comments, I think it is worth another try!
* lovely ambience and great dining options for vegetarians !Came here on a living social and left stuffed! The portions are certainly generous, but I was underwhelmed by most of the dishes in terms of flavor.
Favorites: 
Butter chicken- super tender and moist even though the sauce was not as developed as I wish it could have been
Crispy spinach salad + spicy potato appetizer- I've never had spinach quite like this. It was so delicious and addicting! Not greasy tasting at all
Cons: 
Tandoori vegetables- beautiful on the plate, but underdone and under-salted. 
The other dishes were good, but nothing too exciting. I enjoyed this as a fusion experiment, but I'm going to stick to traditional Indian food when I'm craving those flavors.
I was also sort of confused on the attire. My bf and I dressed up for our date night as the prices suggested it was a bit on the nicer side. When we walked in, however, some diners were in jean cut-offs and t-shirts which is kind of distracting to the ambiance. I definitely think a dress code would enhance the overall dining experience.Was just at this restaurant again and they have changed the menus substantially.  Food was subpar and will not go back.  It is a shame given how good it used Tao be.I have a love/hate relationship with this place.
I like the fact that this restaurant is only down the block which makes it super convenient.  I'm also a big fan of very heavy, saucy, flavorful asian cuisine.  Tashan is one of those places that glorifies good indian comfort food with a high-end spin.  I like this concept only if its done right and I think they do it pretty well.
Decor is beautiful, and wait staff tries really hard to impress.  I love their food because it has all the traditional indian dishes but "enhanced".  It is definitely a few steps above your average mom & pop indian buffet.
Short of the long, we came here with a coupon for their 5-course chef tasting menu.  trust me when I say It was a devine experience.  However, I will probably never come here and pay full price because they're are just a little too high for regular/casual dining.
Must Try:  Lamb Shank (thank me later)Tashan has great (indoor) ambiance and good food, but the prices keep it off the top of my list since I think you can get some really great Indian food for less. I loved the assortment of breads and condiments to start the meal. We then moved to the with the Malai Kofta Lollypops (too dense), the Mangalorean Sausages (the heat was really in the sauce on the side, so don't be scared off), and the Aloo Tikki (tasty). We then ordered two Finale entrees: Tandoori Butter Chicken (very nicely prepared, but I think the Tiffin version is actually better) and Baigan Bharta (which was pleasantly not soaked in oil).
We were surprised how empty this place was on a Saturday at 7pm, but our waiter attributed this to August vacationers. Outside seating is an option, but located between a Sunoco and a bus stop, it's definitely not ideal.Swanky. Delicious. Good cocktails.
For me, this is a trifecta of great things to find in a restaurant, anywhere in the world. What's unusual is that, when it comes to Indian cuisine, I can't think of a single other place in Philly that would be on par with Tashan for supplying all three.
That said, get the butter chicken tandoori. Get the samosa with yogurt sauce and pomegranates. Get everything, really, because it's all pretty awesome.
The only thing I could really say is that the portions are smaller than you'd get at other Indian joints. Particularly at UCity stuff-your-face arenas such as Sitar and New Dehli. Honestly, though, who needs a heart attack before the age of 40? Smaller portions aren't such a bad thing when you consider that what you get is superb.
Think tapas if you have to.
Anyway, I will definitely come back here again sometime. I was there with a huge group doing an open bar and small tasting menu, and the service was tip top, the bees knees, and other outdated slang for some kinds of wonderful.
On a side note, not being a dessert person, I still found their dessert sampling to be quite good. They had a kind of cinnamon spiced ice cream that was quite tasty. Try it.My husband and I went here with another couple for dinner and it was superb.  The service was superb.  The food was exceptional.  The goat cheese naan was the best naan I have ever had. I will say the portions are small. As a group of 4 we had 5 appetizers , two bottles of wine  and two entrees...bill was $260 plus tip.  It was excessive.  But the food was just wonderful.  I would go back again, but not order the wine.So much more than Indian. Euro & American with flair and elegance. Beautiful presentation, rich flavors. Our server was very friendly and talkative. Sommelier found a bottle we ordered that they thought were out of, after opening the substitute. Very nice that they made the switch to what we originally ordered, no fuss.
Great flavors in everything.  Black truffle naan was out of this world. Great pre-theater, concert or show option.Its sad that a decent restaurant gets 1 star because of the poor customer service. I went to Tashan with my wife on our anniversary and ordered butter chicken and lamb shanks. Butter chicken was nice but stay away from the lamb shanks. Lamb is very tender but is tasteless and bland. I ordered an extra lacha paratha and it took 15 -20 mins for it to get delivered, by that time the chicken and lamb was cold. The waiter was arrogant about the whole thing and rather than being apologetic, further refused to reheat the chicken and lamb. Later he just threw the bill on our table and left. Its a shame that a restaurant suffers not because of the food but because of the arrogant waiters. Stay away......I decided to take my dad out to somewhere special on Christmas Day for dinner since he was visiting. Let me say that for an indian family who has amazing chefs at home, yearly visits to India, or really any of the other countless restaurants on the coast, Tashan does something uniquely perfect: a fusion of french and Indian cuisine. 
We got the limited tasting menu as it was a holiday and had nothing but happy things to say about every dish. We picked the vegetarian options out of the choices. The fried spinach pakora appetizer 
Was exquisite and a must try! The paneer and kofta dishes had been cooked perfectly and seasoned to perfection. We ended our tasting with the creme brûlée gulab jamun, which had to be the best part of the meal!!
Our drink glasses were filled consistently and every waiter and server who came over was able to describe the dishes with great detail and attentively ensured our visit was nothing but phenomenal.
The ambiance was dark and lit for a perfect intimate conversation and for any celebration.Last night, I went to Tashan with a fellow foodie friend of mine (and lover of Indian cuisine).  I've read great reviews of this place, so I was super excited to get Friday night reservations.  The decor was beautiful: very modern and cozy, with an open kitchen...it looks like a great place to be on a chilly Friday or Saturday night.  
Overall, the experience was fine, but just a few issues that need to be ironed out:
1. Our waiter, who had been there since the opening, was not as familiar with the menu as he should've been.  The kicker was when he mispronounced (twice) "gulab jamun", a popular Indian dessert.
2. We sat very close to the kitchen, which gave us a front-row seat to the chaos and confusion with numerous orders and which table they belonged to.  There was a lamb shank that was sent to a table near us twice, and twice the couple sent it back saying that they didn't order it.
3. Our order of "Butter Chicken" (which was a somewhat tasteless tomato-y chicken tikka masala) was a late arrival to the table.  
4. It seemed like our water glasses were being filled after taking one sip!!  It was way too much.
To be fair, the staff are very friendly and customer-oriented.  The chef, Sylva Senat, came over to our table to inquire about our dining experience.  Also, one of the managers offered us complimentary Tashan martinis to compensate for the late Butter Chicken.
I'm hoping that these are just growing pains that will be resolved over the next few months.  Tashan is only a few blocks from my house...it would be great to have an upscale Indian restaurant that I can walk to.I am not one to write reviews but I just felt compelled on this one. We walked into Tashan expecting an upscale dining experience as Friends had recently eaten here.  But some things have to be experienced First hand.  Wow!
When one walks in you know this is not your usual dig. The decor is just so refined and inviting.  I actually walked around even before being seated.  To bad I could not have had dinner in the lounge, as I was truly admiring the bartenders mastery of their art.  I loved the ipads guys and the delicious martini on the way to my table, could not resist. It seemed like a happening night seen for our after theater second seating.  The expected  live entertainment will definitely add to the experience.
So we get seated by the most enthusiastic and eager to please, be it young, staff. I truly appreciated their mission to make my experience memorable. I thank you. Truly, you guys get it, it is about making the diners night, one that is out of this world, and it was not even a special occasion.  We  felt like royalty, go figure, us!
The food was sumptuous.  Our server had to walk us through the menu and we were open to allowing ourselves to be spoiled.  The menu is not typical in that it is not a classically laid out one.  We loved it.  The price was consistent with the high end organics ingredients that they used, No tummy aches, only sweet dreams tonight.
The night could not have been better. We left with a sense that we were treated so special, we felt like a million bucks. Can't beat the feeling. Thanks for such great memories. More to come, be sure of it Tashan crew, keep it up!I ordered the Shikari Vermont Quail (~18):  It was absolutely delicious. When the waiter first open the plate for me, it had this smokey & flowerly aroma. I can't describe it  but it tasted great. The proportion was small but the flavor was so rich that it felt like I ate a large meal. 
My friend ordered the Tashan Mughal Dum Biryani with Chattinad Spiced Lamb (~20). It was OK. Nothing special and definitely not worth the 20 dollars. I had it better at other places. 
The service was amazing, We had a group of 18 people and they were very accommodating and made everything hassel-free. EVERY waiter was attentive and they really look after you. I was very happy. 
Overall, the food was OK but the service is what got it to a 4-star instead of the 3-star.I went there for brunch and enjoyed it a lot. I sampled almost everything they had offered but could not tell you the name of one of the dishes.
The food is Indian but not what you expect. It is very upscale. The atmosphere is great and they have some decent wines and cocktails.
I went back for dinner and had the Venison, if you like Venison I recommend it, it was very good. 
Looking forward to my next visit.If you know me, you know that I can literally eat Indian food EVERYDAY of my life. I love Indian food so much I'm almost fluent in Hindi in food words- just so I can order wherever I go. 
Cut to the Tashan Yelp event...I can't make it but my husband and a friend of mine had the opportunity to attend and LOVED it. Ever since that event my husband wanted to take me to experience it. I looked at all the pictures of the event and was instantly jealous...pav bhaji!?! That's never on menus!! The only other time I get to eat that is when my friend's mom would make it for me. I'm all in for going to Tashan for dinner. 
We go on a Wednesday night and the place is empty. It's a large space and I'm thinking it fills up on the weekends. The menu is "modern-Indian" with interpretations of traditional dishes, and that's fine. They didn't have my coveted pav bhaji on the regular menu, nor did they have samosas (which I think EVERY Indian restaurant should have).
We ordered the kofta and tandoori shrimp, both good. For entrees we ordered the butter chicken (my husband is in love with chicken tikka so it was the closest thing) and I ordered the vegetable korma. This is where I got annoyed. $20 for butter chicken, and there wasn't a lot of chicken. The vegetable korma was even worse...indistinguishable vegetables, except the baby carrots that looked like they were directly thrown into the sauce from plastic bag from the grocery store. The korma came in a $16! 
I get that it's "high end" Indian and the space is very trendy, but I've had better Indian food from the standard take-out joints for half the cost. This isn't the type of place I would go back to, especially with Indian Restaurant not far and Tiffin even closer to me. I'll save my money and eat a better meal- you guys can keep the high ceilings and overpriced masala.PROS: Delicious, large portions, very reasonable prices, lovely ambiance, great service
CONS: Location (not easily accessible)
The combination lunch price of $10 for a warm, crispy, fluffy naan, saag paneer/Kerala wild shrimp curry, samosa, chutneys, and rice is a great deal! The portions are large, the food is tasty but not overly greasy, and the mango lassi is most excellent. I would come again to partake in another wonderful dining experience. The dinner prices are higher, but also include a larger selection of menu choices.This place is quite pricey, but the food is delicious! The servings are not that large though, so be prepared to order quite a bit of food! They suggested we order a few entrees to share and we actually ended up ordering a second round of food because we were still hungry. 
As an appetizer, we had a chef's basket which was an assortment of bread and dips. We loved it. A mix of sweet and savory dips and bread made for some fun combinations. For the entree, I mostly ate a dish that I forget the name of! It was deliciously seasoned chicken and rice, served in a round metal dish, with some sort of thin bread baked across the top. They warned us that specific dish took a while to prepare/cook and they were right, but it was definitely worth the wait.
I enjoyed the atmosphere a lot. Dark lighting, with a bright, open kitchen. It is very large, so you don't feel like you are on top of the table next to you, like most places in the city. 
They also have a nice bar/lounge area where they have musical acts perform. Unisex bathrooms with single rooms, which I thought would be odd but was very clean and not weird at all!
I would definitely go back!So last night when I arrived at Tashan and checked in, I saw that it had 3 1/2 stars.  I'm literally stunned by this.  I have been to many spots in Philly, and the reviews are usually accurate.  This place should be AT LEAST 4 stars.  
I dined on a Monday night, so it was a pretty slow evening.  I was meeting friends from out of town who had never been.  We sat at the bar.  I arrived a bit early and ordered a drink from the bartender, Chris, who was incredibly friendly and personable.  He suggested the perfect beer.  They have an extensive wine list as well as cocktail list.  No matter what your taste may be in the alcohol department, they have you covered.  
As far as the vibe, it's a really great feel.  They have awesome relaxing music, beautiful authentic indian decorations etc.  
All three of us are vegetarians, so this spot was PERFECT for us.  The cauliflower dish was UNREAL.  I have never had anything like it.   We ordered a bunch of appetizers, and each seemed to get better than the last.  The bartender was laughing at us because even after we had finished our food we ordered a lot of the same thing again.  It was so good we needed a second round!
Chris stood out as a bartender because he was on top of the service, and joined in our dining experience, and then bowed out when we were having out girly chats.  He was a good sport too as they close at 10 and he kept telling us there was no rush.  What a refreshing feeling!
When we got the check I expected it to be much higher, but it a very affordable spot with top notch food.  It's so nice to find an Indian fusion spot.   Most Indian places in Philly are traditional, and this take is just so interesting (and addictive.)  I'm already planning to be back next week.  Don't skip this spot, you'll be quite impressed.  
As a side note, our bartender did say that on Friday and Saturday they're packed and you'll need a reservation.Would probably be a 3.5 in my books. The ambiance here is cute-- definitely looks like a slightly more upscale Indian restaurant (especially as compared to the ones I'm used to in University City). That being said, the prices definitely reflect that. Make sure you know that Tashan is Indian small plates style dining-- portion sizes are relatively small, and thus they recommend doubling your typical order size. Thus, you have to be okay with family style dining here to really experience the variety and quality of the food.
The dishes we get were all done well-- the flavors and seasoning were on point, and we got to try a variety of rice dishes, curries, and bread dishes as well. Some of my favorites were definitely the Gobi Manchurian, Old Delhi Butter Chicken, Paneer Lababdar, and Kale Saag Paneer. 
Overall-- cute setting, good service, good quality food (but nothing STANDOUT). Be prepared to spend a little more than what you bargained for, and to not be extremely full after your meal! Would probably return if I was looking for a trendier Indian restaurant to take people to.There is nothing bad about the food here, but there is  nothing great about it either. An interesting twist on Indian cuisine that doesn't live up to the expectations.I had the pleasure of finally going to Tashan after talking about it for two years.  It is my favorite restaurant in this city now, and I intend to go back often.  My husband and our two friends had the Chef's tasting. Two of us asked the Chef to customize our meals so that we could have no meat or dairy, and the other two asked for a mix of vegetarian foods and meats, but with a few seafood exceptions. No problem.  The Chef absolutely accommodated every single wish. The wait staff made certain that they placed the food on the table so that it was next to the person who desired it, making very clear who got vegan and who did not.  Tashan gets five stars just for being that accommodating.
But, wait, there's more.  It was spectacular food.  I loved every single bite.  We had a wonderful toasted spinach salad, tasty vegetarian samosas, biryani that was out of this world, and the best red dal sauce any of us ever had. They even served vegan and non vegan naan, some plain and some stuffed with veggies.  There was so much food, each couple took home a bag full of leftovers.  Guess what we are eating for lunch today?
I cannot say enough about the fabulous service. Tashan is organized better than any other restaurant I have seen. The wait staff clearly supported each other and doted on their customers.   Justin, our server, spent time talking about our food preferences and understanding exactly what we wanted and did not.  He gave us good tips on nearby jazz clubs too. What a bonus.  Justin gets five stars!
The setting is nice. It is upscale but not stuffy. We sat near the area where food is made, and it was wonderful to see the large and surely expensive tandoors. I don't think we have ever seen anything like it. These are large containers into which the cooks place naan, vegetables and meats to cook them at high temperatures. If you like to cook or are interested in food preparation, ask to be seated near that area. It was like watching a show while we were eating. 
Also, there are some pretty interesting pieces of furniture there. Check out the table and chairs on the way to the bathroom.  The table is a rectangle but not really and the end chairs have extra tall backs that look like they were designed for royalty.  
The bathroom is the odd sort of communal restroom, where there is one place to wash hands for boys and girls but separate and totally private areas for doing separate and private things.  Don't let this weird you out. I have seen public restrooms like this before, and I suspect the arrangement is more efficient than the usual boy/girl separate rooms each with its own long line of sinks. 
Tashan has free valet parking, is on the Avenue of Arts and therefore near a lot of great venues, and as I mentioned, it was great food with great service in a great setting. I highly recommend it. 
I notice that my good friend and fellow yelp elite Erica C was disappointed with Tashan. I know Erica has excellent judgment so I am not certain why she did not have a good experience. I suggest that Erica give me a call and plan a return visit with me - give it one more chance, I think you will like it.We went to the restaurant to redeem our livingsocial lunch deal, and thought the lunch was mediocre. The atmosphere was very upscale, with lots of room with modern furnishings and an open kitchen. 
We both ordered the Tandoori Butter Chicken lunch special. The portions were very generous and it was delicious at first, but the dish was too buttery and oily so we quickly got sick of it. The vegetable samosa was average and the naan was what you would expect. The food was good but not worth the $10 a plate.
Service was below par. Our waiter was very nice and friendly, but he was the only one servicing the whole restaurant for lunch. There were only 2 tables, but he was surprisingly overwhelmed and never came around asking if we needed anything or to refill our water.
The livingsocial deal ($16 to spend) wasn't enough to cover our very basic lunch, which was disappointing. Go here if you have plenty of money to spend on some average food.Let's put it this way. 
It is not authentic at all. (at the same time I saw some Indian customers - couples and families).
Yes, smb here called it upscale. It is upscale in American terms. But is it Indian? No masala chai?
It is fusion and it is delicious. The food presentation is great.
Got tiny quail (wasn't impressed),  fancy samosa, saag paneer (spinach with cheese) Yumm, and carrot cake.  (Saag panner was the best item I got). They charge extra for rice.
The service is really great: fast, super polite and high-energy.  The ambiance is nice. Don't remember if there was any music. The unisex restroom  confuses customers at first, but the design of it is really high-end..
The price for all of it was about $70I'll start off by naming a few good things. The fried lollipop appetizers and the naan bread. It ends there. The service was abysmal. I waited more than ten minutes while being seated before I asked the hostess if she could send a waiter. We had not even been offered water. Finally those yummy fried lollipops came. I was enjoying it, savoring each bite until.."oww!" I bit on a piece of sharp glass. I told them and they brought a new one. But then the manager came over to apologize, in a backhanded way, saying I probably mistook the spice "cardamon" for glass. Don't patronize me! I know glass when I taste it. Desserts were mediocre and despite the fact that the restaurant is Indian, the waiter did not know what "rotti" was. Very disappointed.The food was amazing Indian fusion - it reminded me of Indian Accent in New Delhi - and the space was handsome and unique.  I'm giving it 4 stars our of 5, however, because the portion size/price ration is just obnoxious.  We especially liked the perfectly cooked pork tenderloin and the tandoor chaamp.  Also the chicken biryani - it was rich, flavorful, fragrant, spicy - kind of homespun in appearance but please don't miss it.  Absolutely delicious.I'm kind of on the fence about Tashan and I feel like I'm in the minority with my review.  My meal here was by no means bad, but considering the fact that this place earned the 23rd spot on Philly Mag's 50 Best Restaurants list, I was a little bit underwhelmed.  
I do want to praise our waitress.  She was extremely attentive throughout the meal and gave me their dairy-free menu to order from (note: not a vegan menu, merely dairy-free...there were still tons of meat dishes on here).  She also guided us on how much food to order and it ended up being the right amount for two people.  But everything else here was a little blah.  And that made me sad.  
The meal started with the puffed rice bhel.  The dish looked lovely, but it personally wasn't my favorite because I didn't enjoy the texture.  We then moved on to the roasted vegetable sariya; Tashan is supposedly innovative and exciting, but this was literally a small plate of roasted vegetables for $12.  It came with a cilantro chutney that was decent, but this was the modern Indian fusion-y goodness I had been hearing about?  Huh?  Maybe it was just me, but I just wasn't impressed given the reputation of this place and I thought the dish was overpriced.  
The eggplant bhartaa then came out with our tamarind and peanut stuffed quail.  These were the best dishes we had, but still, neither one was as bold or daring as I thought it would be.  
I felt very indifferent about the food here.  The most memorable part of our experience was the delectable fresh melon, mango, and strawberry sorbet.
So, overall I was disappointed, but I wish I wasn't.  I really wanted to love this place.  I think Tashan is probably a good spot for happy hour drinks and small plates, but as a dinner date for cutting edge cuisine, it was forgettable.We don't usually use groupon, so we were excited to see a great deal listed for a chefs tasting menu. The service and food were amazing. Be prepared to eat ALOT of food. We were full two courses before the crème brûlée! Deep fried kale salad was truly special and has changed how I prepare kale. And the spicy cauliflower dish was out of this world.If you want to spend your entire paycheck for bad and pretentious indian food, go here.  Whoever thinks this is spectacular food must be friends of the owner and never have had any good indian food before.
I am a first generation indian, a lover of indian food and also a lover of innovative restaurants.  There couldnt have been a bigger fan of the french indian fushion restaurant Bindi or the great spicy flare of Ekta.  
Tashan is a bitter disappoint in many aspects.  Its flashy expensive decor is awe inspiring but once you sit down you realize that you are now paying for only that.  Tashan charges a ridiculous amount for average tasting poorly made indian food and fails on all claims to actually reinventing indian food.  Tashan claims to be Indian-french fusion but all it really serves is bad to okay indian dishes served in small quantities with fancy presentations.
Our service was also poor.  Our party waited close to 30 min for the rest of our table's dishes to arrive after one guest had already received her appetizer and main dish at the same time.  
We were also given misleading advice by our waiter to order ridiculous quantities of food, including 5 starters that cost between 15-28 dollars a dish and one main dish per person that would have left us with a ridiculous amount of wasted food and a bill we would have to pay off in installments if we had followed their recommendations.
If anyone had ever visited Bindi before it closed, that was a clearly thoughtful fusion of flavors that was  a wonderful suprise to your senses and worth every cent (yet still amazingly more appropriately priced than tashan).  If for any reason you think you are going to get something different for the prices you are paying at Tashan, the only thing you will be impressed/repulsed with are the Ipads they use to show you the wine menu.
Hope the prices decide to go down on this place because I can't imagine it staying open much longer.The food was good, really good but that's it.  The service was awful and I never complain about service.  The food was really good but they don't give you any!  The portion sizes are the smallest I've ever seen.The helicopter-hovering waitstaff is overeager and befuddled. The bathroom is so dark you could pee on somebody's foot and never know it. Our courses arrived in a randomly selected order. And speaking of courses, the food is... pretty awesome, actually. The baingan bharta entree, presented conventionally, was exceptionally well seasoned. But the standout was the Bombay Bhel, an original dish of puffed rice with red onion, chick peas and peanuts. Much lighter than most Indian dishes. 
The beer selections are great; Weyerbacher's is a fine choice of regional partner for Tashan.
We happen to be vegetarians; while the menu is not as obviously and heavily vegetarian as more typicall Indian joints, there were plenty of choices for us. Once we got the waitstaff to calm down and stop struggling to help us.
Dress up a little, it's swank. I was caught by surprise due to my past experiences in less formal Tiffin establishments.
We got outta there for $35 a head. Quite fair given the excellent food. An upscale Indian offering south of Broad Street is a welcome development. Just bring a flashlight for the bathroom.Really this should be a three and a half star review. I really enjoyed the ambiance of the place. It was very chic and modern, but the smells as soon as you walked in let you know you were safely in for an Indian treat. 
We were seated about a half hot after our reservation, which I didn't really understand seeing as there was two open tables of four right in front of us. Anyway once we were seated we ordered some drinks and looked over the menu.
Our waiter was ok, but definitely seemed nervous and a tad bit forgetful. After he took our order, he told us he was bringing us an amuse bouche of lobster bisque but it never came. We eventually got it when my fiancé a friend asked him about it though so that was nice of him. 
The food came out as it was ready and I thought for the most part it was pretty tasty. It's not traditional, but the flavors for the most part were there. The malai kofta lollipops were very delicious and had a nice crust to them. They were plated beautifully as well. I also had the paneer in the tomato sauce, which I liked the flavor of, but the paneer needed to be cut a little smaller. It was a little tough. 
I tried my fiancées fried cauliflower and it was incredible. It had a really amazing heat tingle to it. The flavor was fantastic. The masala dusted lobster however was a little tough for my taste. I did appreciate that they even put lobster on the restaurant week menu, menu, but it definitely could have been better executed. 
The finishing touch on the meal was the gulab jamun creme brûlée. The flavors were amazing and I was shocked by how the flavors melded together.
Definitely worth a return visit. I'd like to return sometime for a special occasion.Love Indian food, but often, in Philadelphia, the options are mediocre.  Not here   Not inexpensive, but in this case you get what you pay for   Had an absolutely fantastic meal there last week.  All of the dishes wee had wonderful spicing and were perfectly cooked.   The service was also a outstanding.I was really looking forward to a taste of Tashan and was disappointed.  I didn't need a fine dining experience, just a satisfying meal.  The food was ok  Went for lunch.  $15 for a three course meal. Great. But, though we were the *only* people in the restaurant, the food was slow to the table, and even for chi-chi dining the main course I had was ridiculously small and unsatisfying.  The drink was great; I forget what cocktail it was I had but it was good.  Still, overall, the place felt pretentious and not quite worth the cost.I thought the fabulousness well surpassed the actual food. The decor was fab, the service was fab, the atmosphere also. But the food was not as. We had the baby octopus and it was over cooked. We had the special, mussels and the sauce was extremely salty.Our other dishes were only fine.  I must say the best thing we had was the green chutney with the naan, so good. Luckly, I was with good friends so we enjoyed ourselves anyway.   PS. we went to Bob and Barbara's after, for jazz, Specials and Pickle Backs, forgot all about dinnerGreat place to celebrate a special occasion. Great food.Stunning design and excellent food. A bit isolated on S. Broad but easy to find street parking. Cool bathroom too, as bathrooms go...This was more like theatre than food....although the food was good ...just miniature...really miniature...the sort of size where you say "you have got to be kidding me!" - especially after all the fauning waiters have stood back and the ernest description of exactly how you should eat each morsel is over the unveiling of a teeny weeny fly sized beef kebab almost made us laugh out loud...It tasted great but hardly touched the taste buds as if slipped past......and that theme continued ..dramatic unveiling by a bevy of waiters of an always smaller than expected dish...always beautifuly presented and tasty but too small....Now the cocktails are delicious really delicious and generously sized which only aggravates the tiny food portions...a dangerous combination! At one point we asked each other (after about 4 dishes) if we could order delivery from Tiffin....because the atmosphere is great...decor amazing...although you will need a flashlight to read the menu  - lots of iphone flashlight apps were on display...and the bathroom is hidden like state secret...why is it necessary to have a waiter follow you to the bathroom and explain how to use it?...well go and use the bathroom and you will know...and take a white stick because you will not be able to find your way in the dim darkness and be careful that you don't embarrass yourself it is that complicated to use..I found a guy stumbling around the communal wash area feeling his way around the walls trying to figure out where the stall doors were hidden ...maybe he had the same cocktail that I had!......
Strange experience altogether...almost felt as if we were in a play....
I'm in no hurry to return (except for the cocktail - wish I knew what it was something like a golden mojito) which is a shame as it is in my neighborhood and we love Indian food..I guess its back to Tiffin.....My husband and I recently had a near perfect experience at Tashan.
Let's start with the food. We absolutely loved it. We ordered 4 small plates and 1 large plate, and every single thing was delicious. On the top of our list were the scallops and the palak chaat. We also ordered the shrimp tandoori and the naga beef sumi, and they were out of this world (especially the beef).  We split the tandoori butter chicken and the chicken basically melted in your mouth. Even the Naan was excellent. 
As for the service...it was great! Neither of us are very familiar with Indian food so we posed a lot of questions to our server and she was so helpful. When we told her what we were thinking of ordering, she gave her honest opinion and steered us to some excellent choices (and she did not just recommend the most expensive items).  She also advised us how MUCH to order. I probably could have been OK with one less dish, but I know my husband thought we had just enough food. 
Atmosphere was also fun and unique. Very dark, modern, and chic. 
Cumulatively, I did not give this restaurant five stars for a few reasons.  First, we thought either the pacing of the dishes was a little awkward, or the tables were too small.  Since this is "small plate" restaurant, you would think they could plan a little better...at one point, we were bombarded with four different plates on our (very small) table within 30 seconds of one another.  It would have been helpful to pace them a little better so we had some room to eat.  
The biggest setback was the placement of our table. We made reservations weeks in advance and even though the restaurant is pretty big. they shoved us in this tiny corner squished up against black drapes.  We weren't even in the main dining room. I could understand if we didn't have reservations and got a table like that, but we had the reservations for quite some time.
Despite these minor setbacks, we will be back.I came here with my boyfriend for valentines day because he heard good things from friends. It's quite expensive but it was a special occasion and we decided to give it a go. We got the set tasting menu and were pretty pleased.  We ordered the crispy spinach salad with pomegranate, potato lollipops, lamp chops, venison, paneer and lobster.  The spinach salad was a bit heavy on the grease but tasty.  The potato lollipops were delicious and the sauce was a nice compliment.  I thought the venison was tender but I wasn't a fan of the gamey taste (but it was to be expected) The lobster was just ok and a bit chewy thought it had a nice flavor and sauce. The paneer and the lamb chops were really good.  I agreed with some other yelpers in that it was odd the waiter didn't ask for cooking preference on the meats, but in the end it was fine.  They accidentally brought us an order of the game hen and said we could just keep it. It was a nice surprise and had a good crisp skin!  Lastly we got the desert and the chocolate mousse which was yummy and I liked the real whipped cream. As for the carrot cake, not so much. It had a very gelatinous texture, not at all what you would call carrot cake in my opinion. Overall I think the food was good but it's too expensive for a typical week night date.  If you have the means, it's definitely worth a going.While Philly diners flock to small plates meccas like Barbuzzo, Tinto and Amada, it is surprising that Tashan seems to be under the radar.  Sure, its a few blocks away from the center on S. Broad street, but is so worth the trip!  Plus, they offer free valet parking (though we actually found a free parking space on Broad street right across from the restaurant).
You need to know, also, that happy hour is from 5-7pm at the bar only, all drinks are 1/2 off, The small plates at the bar are no longer 1/2 price during happy hour, sadly.  If  you don't mind paying full price, the wagyu beef skewers with onion pakora are amazing!
The restaurant itself if beautiful, the lighting is romantic and tables are not pressed close together. There are several large booths on each side of the dining room. I really loved the ambiance. 
The food was so tasty and interesting, and I am not surprised that Craig LaBan gave it 3 bells he was spot on!  Baby octopus nicobari and mangalorean sausages were some of the more exotic offerings we tried and fell in love with. There was also a very good "butter" chicken, which we didn't love as much as it was heavy on the salt.
For dessert the masala donuts with cardamom syrup were a unique treat, not too sweet and with just the right spices!  It also went well with the rose flavored ice cream that came with my husband's ice cream trio.
Tashan is a great restaurant for adventurous diners who appreciate interesting and unique flavors. I highly recommend it!I was contacted by Tashan's GM because of my review and was offered a $75 gift card to try it out again. Unfortunately it took me a couple months to actually get to Tashan, because on my recent visit the food and service was excellent, and I could have been enjoying their great Indian food in the interim. 
Everything that we ate was tasty and cooked perfectly. Some of the dishes we had were: goat cheese nan, somosa chat, tandoori shrimp, roaster veggies w/ a paneer in the middle, the Malai Kofta lollipops, Saag Paneer, and the Tandoor Chaamp. I do think that they should warn you that the "small plates" aren't actually all that small, but given my only complaint is that you I a fabulous lunch the day after, I can say for certain that I will be coming back soon.
I'm giving Tashan 5 stars because not only is the food & service great, but obviously their management knows how to deal with picky customers, which is a skill I still am personally trying to master in my own business.I may write more on this review later but...just wanted to say my fiancé and I can here for restaurant week and LOVED it. The combination of French and Indian is so interesting and delicious. Only small complaint is the fried cauliflower dish was so over sauced it made the batter soggy. Otherwise, the food was incredible.
Who wants some Galub Jaman Creme Brûlée? Everyone.Tashan is the place to go if you need a guaranteed awesome experience.  They never disappoint. My mom came to the city to visit me and I wanted to take her to a really nice place, she hadn't really tried Indian cuisine so I suggested Tashan, given that I've been there a few times and have always had great experiences.  
We ordered the "tasting menu" which was supposed to be five courses but seemed like much more. We were stuffed by the third. Our waiter, John, was amazing; He was polite, informative and attentive.  We tipped him well, thanked the chef and the manager; it was the least we could do.
I suppose the best review I could give would be to 
simply urge anyone reading this to try Tashan.We went here during restaurant week. There were 4 courses but they were shockingly tiny. I love the food at Tashan, but I do think they need to step it up another notch and get a bit more creative and take some risk. The food is very comforting and simple, good but just too simple for someone like me who happens to go out a lot and I try all types of high end food. I just want more from them, however everything was good, but they should aim for GREAT.
So the beef appetizer was great!!! The shrimp was good, but it lacked that wow factor. It was literally 3 shrimp on a plate and a tiny salad, my 9 year old niece could have plated that. The flavor was good but it lacked creativity. The green chicken tikki appetizer was good, I liked the mustard.  The butter chicken and lamb vindaloo was good, but it was simple. I didn't even post the pic of it because it was just meat and sauce. I wish they added some sort of twist, or some kinda wow factor. I could go to tiffin for butter chicken, I expect Tashan to take it to another level since it's upscale, modern Indian. The Pork Entrée was okay, but once again  I was bored. I gave 4 stars because the food was good don't get me wrong, infact there was nothing technically wrong with it. I just feel that Tashan needs to work on plate presentation, creativity and they need to make the food feel less like grandmas Indian food (nothing wrong with that, but you can get that at Tiffin for a cheaper price). This food needs to feel like a talented and daring and creative chef made it.The food was good, but at this price point, I expected a lot more. The butter chicken and wagyu beefs were both delicious, but the meal was let down by an average biryani and subpar chicken kebabs. 
The ambiance is also just not that great - the tables are oddly sized that make your fellow diners seem miles away. The restaurant is also really dark - if you are in a group, you'll be seated in these dark alcoves that while I'm sure are lovely at night, just don't feel right when the big bay windows across the room are still letting light in at 7pm on a summer night. 
Our waitress seemed quite confused by the menu, especially when we asked her for clarification on certain dishes. 
Again, the food is good! I just wouldn't pay "$$$" for it. Travel a few blocks north and go to Indeblue instead - better food, cheaper price.I rarely give five stars, but this was soooo worth it. My husband and I did the chef's tasting menu with Groupon. Now I'm kicking myself for not having my husband buy one too. Start to finish everything was amazing. Service was really attentive and the food was out of this world with so many flavors and unique preparation. Fried spinach?? Yes please!! We really thought that we would have been short changed with the Groupon, but no way - we couldn't believe the amount of food! We had to bring the butter chicken home with us. Both my husband and I agreed even without the Groupon the tasting menu is well worth the $60/person. We will be back. Only a couple of minor things that put me off a little and it has to do with the space vs food or service. The restaurant was really warm and I know the food has a little kick to it but we immediately thought it was stuffy as soon as we sat down. Also, as another reviewer mentioned, the bathrooms are unisex and I really HATE this concept. Everything else was A+!Gorgeous, just gorgeous. 
Do the chefs tasting menu. $50 a head for a real feast of flavours. 
Don't (maybe). The wine pairing. We had only three glasses each for the $45 price tag. Hey weren't $15 glasses - especially at 3oz each. Maybe our wine waiter forgot a glass?  Who knows. 
The atmosphere is feat, kitchen staff open to view. Great wine list if you're not doing the tastings and some pretty innovative cocktails to get you ready for the coming assault of your taste buds.My fiance and I had the tasting menu and can't stop talking about how good Everything was. All the food that came out was spectacular. This is the place to go in Philly if you want an upscale experience for Indian food. The wine list was also great and our Server Virginia was extremely helpful with all the wine pairings and service. we will definitely come back, and have already recommended it to all our friends!I frequent this restaurant often. Even before we moved to This part of the country this year we made a point to visit when we were nearby. 
Excellent cuisine! Just impeccable take on French-Indian fusion. Intriguing dishes that are as much artistic as they are delicious. It is not the all too common type of fine dining experience that leaves your intellect full but your stomach empty. This place will fill you up in both ways! 
I also recommend their buffets. They did one for Easter and we really enjoyed it a lot! It is not often this type of fine restaurant does a fabulous buffet like that. Take advantage of it all! Cheers to a great meal!