$1 Pabst Tallboys.  
Coming from a state that doesn't believe in happy hour (it's against the law here in uptight MA), or in its residents being very happy at all for that matter, the drink special alone did it for me.  Had a great veggie burger too.  Fun place to spend time post crust show at Troc.LOVE YOU MOM! & I love T Moms!!! (Sugar Moms too). You can still smoke upstairs by the bathrooms, 2 pool tables upstairs in the front too! Veg. options.- Taco Tuesdays! Perogie Wednesdays! Cheap drinks! Jukebox is killer on both floors. Can't say a bad thing about the place... hands down a Philly landmark!Cheap beer, pretty girls, good punk-rock jukebox, 50 cent pierogies, pool tables, two floors, bar and table seating. Nuff said.Ecto-Cooler colored walls have bathed my memories of Tattooed Mom in a greenish glow. Its gleam is not unlike that of an aquarium, in my mind. Coincidentally fish-style drinking has happened there over the years. Hmm.
The first floor is punk meets some ole granny's parlour. I kinda covet the light lime Victorian-y seating group, but I'd happily relax on any of those thrift store special sofa seats I could snag. Strange and comfortable. Good for hanging out.
 There are alcoves and nooks and all manner of vintage kitsch surrounding you as you drink and possibly enjoy some 50 cent pierogies on Thurday nights. Even though deep frying pierogies isn't my favorite preparation of those fellas, I can still get down, and I have. 
At the rail, the padded vinyl retro bar stools are like Queen Anne lounge-stools. Most comfortable bar stools in the business, I say. Perched there, I've mentioned to pretty much whoever I'm sitting next to at the time, "What if I came in here like everyday and never talked to a soul and drank and drank while leering creepily at that nudie painting?" Then I act it out for my lucky neighbor, licking my lips lecherously, drinking and staring unblinkingly at the topless broad in the oil painting above the bar. The gag gets some laughs but I'm thinking that it might be more successful if I looked more like Stan Zbornak. Gotta work on that.
Upstairs is covered with graffiti and plastered with posters and band flyers like the hallways of the punk clubs of my yoot. And I like it. Good jukeboxes here, indeed.
Now South Street is my touristy backyard and I do my share of complaining bout the hullabaloo and nonsense that it can attract. Weekend nights especially are when I steer clear. (Yeah that WAS me you saw dead-arm running across South, frantically uttering, "Home, home, get home...") It can be a zoo...but there are still places that we appreciate on the strip, and Tattooed Mom is one of em. 
Not that weeknights don't get busy. Monday through Thursday's food specials draw. So do double happy hours.  5-7PM and then 10-11 PM, all drafts are half off. See, that's what's up.
Another thing, we're always treated really well at Mom's...and WE look like filthy hippies!If it wasn't for these guys I'd never know how to spell tatooed. Good dancing. Dirty. Obviously.Funny story:  Last Tuesday (snow day), my friend and I decided to head to TM's for taco's and some mid-day pool.  As we were excitedly discussing Taco Tuesday, I said, "I hope they're good tacos!" to which my friend replied, "It's hard to mess up a beef taco."  
Flash forward 30 minutes: The upstairs is closed until 8p, no pool (boooo!) and we're eating $1 tacos out of stale taco shells.  Eek.
Anyways, this is a typical dive bar with cheap PBR's and a way hip/metal vibe.  Go to Manny Browns for your Taco Tuesdays.Tattooed Mom is one of the last artist-run artist-lead sanctuaries in Philly.  God bless you, T-Mom.  You look good for your age!
Also worth mentioning that Tattooed Mom actually offers every single item on their menu in vegetarian and vegan form.  Inclusivity at its best.  Go 'head girl!I love this place and I don't care who knows it.
I don't get out and party much anymore. But I wouldn't want to spend Halloween anywhere else. This was one of the places that started my love affair with Philadelphia. It's weird, kind of grimy, decently priced, and full of all kinds of flair. The owner is super sweet and likes to hang around and talk, especially on Sundays (when they have arts and crafts for free - yay!) The staff is cool and laid back, as is most of the clientele. While certainly a hipster/geek/whatever spot, you don't walk in to a bunch of judgmental assholes staring your down for your lack of flannel and neon sunglasses. I love the wacky retro furniture, the green walls downstairs, the bumper cars, the graffiti upstairs - all of it. It is relaxed and authentic and cool without trying to be. Love Love Love T-Moms.Love Tattooed Mom! 
It's not a place you want to go to impress someone on a first date or for romance, but the food and beer are great. The staff is always friendly. I loving coming for the vegan tacos on Tuesdays and vegan burgers on Wednesdays. The happy hour specials are great and it's a great place to go to with friends.Mom's is the bomb!
Been coming here since they opened and have never been disappointed. Great food. Awesome beer selection. Fantastic bar and wait staff. 
Decor is eclectic alt-pop-culture iconic. Crowd is local, punk, artist, et al...
Sunday brunch comes with craft table and is uber kid friendly (wether 8, 28, or 58)!You have to be a certain kind of person to frequent a place like Tatooed Mom. It's not for everyone. But even if you're not that kind of person, they're pretty welcoming. I'm not that kind of person.
Well, in all fairness, it was the pre-event for the beard and mustache world championships. They had dudes with all kinds of beards and mustaches in the joint. I'm talking big long beards. I'm talking well groomed mustaches that extend well beyond their cheekbones. I'm talking overalls, suspenders, and PBR.
It's the dive bar that dive bar lovers call perfect. Clean enough not to gross you out, grungy enough to make you feel like you have hair on your chest, lots of it.
I enjoyed my time there, but certainly barely fit in with my weekend warrior white color goatee. It wasn't my crowd. They were the show to me, the regulars, the bearded men, and the big mustaches. But truth be told, I was the odd ball, not like them, and probably the real show. They probably gazed my way and thought, "who's uptight dude hugging the wall with his brand named clothes." Yup, I'm that guy.I didn't have any food, but the drinks were priced right.  They definitely have the too cool for school punk rock thing going on.  I enjoyed the little plastic toys they had at the bar and on the tables, good for entertaining one's self if you find yourself alone for awhile...Met up here with friends - great place to lounge around on a night out and cool atmosphere w/ the walls covered in graffiti. Beer specials are great and last late into the night too.I enjoy coming here with friends for Taco Tuesdays, Burger Wednesdays and Pierogie Thursdays. Cheap, good food and even better if you can make it during happy hour. The service is usually good and enjoyable. If you stop in you have to get the tots. Mmm.This place is definitely trying to be interesting with all of its decor choices, but I think it works. I don't love the bumper car seating - uncomfortable - but props for effort. The customer service is Philly-style (not friendly, not rude, helpful if you need it, will engage if you make an effort and they have the time). Their $4 burgers on Wednesdays are a pretty good deal - filling if you're not too hungry, but no side and they're not massive.I love this bar, I really truly do. BUT I only love it during the day or weekday nights...that's it. Any other time it is impossibly crowded with hipsters (look at my pictures- clearly not a hipster) and I never feel like I fit in. I love the space both upstairs and down. I want to ask Rob the owner if I can buy one of the bar stools...gold glittered amazingness. 
The absolute most amazing reason I love this place (other than tater tots- that's a gimme) are their craft days on Sundays. A mimosa and some glitter glue never went so well together. I was told that one of my many pieces of quality artwork would be posted (once the children left the bar...that's a sentence) since the owner loved it so much. Who knew writing "Merry Fucking Christmas" in nice script with silver glitter glue on blue construction paper was art? Oh that's right- Tattooed Mom's did.I've been putting off writing a review for Tattooed Mom's because I want to be able to give an accurate description while also conveying my love for it. So now I will try:
Atmosphere: Tattoed Mom's is a niche bar with generally very specific clientele. With a tasteful painting of a woman exposing her breasts above the mirror in the bar, paintings of demons, goblins and ghouls thrown on the walls, lolipops and toy plastic rings and spinners on the bar, and old victorian furniture and race cars as seating (yes, decommissioned race cars), this place is what I would imagine it's like to be on LSD...but in the best way! Every time you come there will be a new piece of art to explore and little details you missed the for 10 times you came here, and this makes it feel novel yet familiar at the same time. I love this place for many reasons and the atmosphere is absolutely one of them. It's warm and inviting in that scary dark part of your brain type of way. Like you're afraid but with familiar fear that hides in your nightmares. 
The Clientele: This is not the type of place one would normally venture into after work- if that person happens to work in an office. That's not to say you can't, because lord knows I have, but expect the weird looks. If the above description didn't give way to the types of folks that frequent this place then I don't know what to say. They are quirky, they are odd, they are you high school best friends, they are those kids who hung out under the bleachers and smoked and listed to Pink Floyd while squares like me studied. Now, that isn't to say you HAVE to be that type to eat there. I was a square who studied, was a very good student, and wears suits to work and I love this place. It's more of an "FYI" than anything. I love the people that go there and am secretly one of them, I just also happen to be a bit too lame to commit to the whole lifestyle. 
The drinks: Beer and liquor. I don't know about wine (it's really not the type of place you order wine). I usually just stick with beer
The events: So I am told that they have arts and craft days on Sunday where you and your friends and kids (yes, this place IS kid-friendly esp. during the day). They also have a monthly comedy show called "Tattoed Momedy" that I'd like to see one day. I think it's on a Tuesday. Other events throughout the week/month as well.
and finally....the food: This place is an absolute dream for me because, while I'm not a vegan, I love vegan foods. They have vegan pierogies with vegan sour cream (!!!), a blackened chick'n veggie burger with vegan cheese (!!!) and so many more options. I mean it's like vegan late night drunk bar food! Who could ask for anything better? I've also had their wings which were phenomenal (very spicy in my opinion). I am so excited to try all of the things on their menu. Be forewarned that their food is served on paper plates with plastic forks and knives, so if you're looking for fancier then this is not the place for you. 
Overall, it's one of my favorite places in the city because it's solid, reliable, convenient, and I feel right at home. There is no pressure to order food, nobody bothers you if you're sitting alone at the bar (as I have been known to do), and the staff are the perfect mix of attentive and non-attentive in that they will generally only acknowledge you if you do so first. Check it out!Very cool and hip place with lots of space - especially when they open up for the upstairs floor. The employees are extraordinarily friendly and helpful, but the service can sometimes be a little slow, because it seems like they are undermanned.
They have about 6-7 different and interesting beers on tap - all domestic I think - at reasonable prices. The Dark Horse Coffee Bock was extremely interesting and definitely worth trying. All their drafts are half off during their happy hours, 5-7 AND 10-11 pm.
Tried the Honey Sriracha Wings and they are some of the best wings I've ever had. Sweet, hot and not as greasy as wings tend to be.The food here is great! We came in on a Wednesday Burger special night, ordering a monthly burger special and a Mom's burger. Both were perfectly cooked and very tasty. We also could not resist the fries and tater tots! We came out of there very satisfied and maybe a little overly full. The atmosphere/decor is definitely not boring. We would definitely come back again to try some of the other tasty menu options!Favorite place in Philadelphia! Love the location! Love the music! Love the environment and energy! Super bomb daily specials. My order is a pickle-tini, bbq tots, and beyond veggie burgerYou can tag up the walls, has the best bathroom graffiti I've ever seen,  they manage to play the Notorious BIG each time I come (which was pretty constant this past summer), $1 PBR deals, $4 mixed drinks and plus opportunitites to do arts and crafts while wasted? SPLENDID! 
The prices are comfortable, bartenders are cool, and you meet a miscellany of interesting people each time. I've come here with different crowds and no one feels out of place. 
For the record, you can smoke in the back. Bring a sharpie with you and profess your love or hate for someone on the wall.This is definitely one of the most awesome dive bars in Philly! A few friends and I decided to go here since we have nothing else to do.on a Friday night. The cheap beer and greasy food hits the spot (tater tots and cheese whiz is awesome). The bartender was an awesome dude and was incredibly sociable with us. He was good for cracking jokes and giving words of wisdom. Also, any bars with toys on the counter is automatically the greatest place ever!Stumbled into here sort of randomly with the family.  We were in Philly for my wife's birthday and looking for a late lunch/early dinner along with 3 small kids.  The menu looked good and we needed a drink so we stopped in.  What good luck!  The restaurant is very cool and nice.  Large beer selection at incredibly reasonable prices.  We ordered a bunch of dishes and all of them delivered, including the breakfast burrito, sriracha chicken wrap and buffalo wings.  Both the waiter and manager (?) were super cool when they found out it was my wife's birthday and hooked us up!  Kids loved that they got lollipops and little plastic toys.  The veggie items looked really amazing; I wanted to try but we were just too full.  All in all, very happy that we found our way to Tattooed Mom!My favorite bar in Philadelphia; always my go-to. It's big enough that you can easily come with a group of up to 8 people any night of the week. There are also plenty of nooks for private conversations.  The decor is super fun, and I love that the graffitti of upstairs is always changing.  All of the seating (yes, especially the bumper cars) is fantastic.
The veggie burger with cheese is my favorite barfood. Cheap, but delicious.
p.s. people tend to be friendlier upstairs than downstairs.  There is a regulars club that hangs out at the bar and won't talk to you even if you're there alone and try to make conversation. Upstairs you can get in on a game of pool, drunk tourists will buy your whole party drinks (this has happened to me 3 times). Even if its real quiet it's tough to get the bartender to chat but it can be done.
p.p.s try to get there when the Philadelphia Beard and Mustache club is having an event.You wont regret it.Its Tuesday night. "Oh Shit! Is it too late to get some tacos?!" Yesssss Taco Tuesdays are so good. You can find me pushing through the crust punks, tourists, and babies momma's that populate south street to grab some tacos and drink PBR. Tattooed Mom's is such a good bar in such an unfortunate location. Regardless this is a must see bar in Philadelphia.
The owner, music, food, drinks, atmosphere, craft nights, and people make this one of Philadelphia's best bars.While in Philly, my friends and I had a weird thing for Tattooed Mom. Surely we could find something younger and hotter, but we always ended up with the Mom. I think the main reason is the cool black lady waitress who wears shades (yes, at night) and whom my friend and I suspect is tattooed mom in essence.
Tattooed mom likes to sprinkle random little toys and candy on the table. The decor is punky and funky with skulls, skeletons, and clocks. This place really grows on you. There's an upstairs with pool and crazy graffitis everywhere. I never checked out the guest DJ nights, but that happens upstairs. We mainly went there for the good deals on beer and well drinks. Oh, and the taco special! And of course, tattooed mom :)Food is aight but the punk attitude with the slow ass service?! Nah, im all set! Long story short--I've been here for lunch twice & while their vegan/veggie options are good & diverse, it took so dang long and I'm on my lunch break from work, homies, so cmon. It wasn't even that busy either.This place confuses me. When we went it was like a combination thrift store and restaurant. The burger that I got was very good and they give you the option of choosing your own (unlimited) topping. Daiya cheese is available at a small increased cost. Also, they have great southern style fries with fried jalapenos. 
Good prices. I wouldn't come here except for during Wednesday $3 burger night.Tattooed mom has a great vibe and feels like a real south street bar. It's casual, not pretentious and a great place for a drink. Def worth checking out if you're on south street.This is the best bar in Philly.
The upstairs is the perfect dive while the downstairs is respectfully cute/cool.  The jukebox has everything from Naughty by Nature to the Subhumans.  The drink deals are great.  The bar food is solid with vegan options.  The two couches are comfortable and make you feel like you are drinking at a house party rather than on sometimes-douchey South Street, especially when you have your feet on the coffee table and the couple sitting next to you is making out.there's not very many reasons to head down to south street (there are some, and weirdly, they're all within blocks of tattooed mom's, but that's neither here nor there...) however, sometimes one needs a cheap beer, a relatively chill atmosphere, and a basket of tots with sriracha on top. this is a place where you can find all of these things.Eclectic place with excellent food. Burger was delicious as were the tots with Parmesan garlic sauce/ we are not
Locals and my husband likes to sample local beers . He ordered one and talked to the waiter who brought him out a few samples at no charge. I'd definitely eat here againThis is a great place if you are looking for hearty vegan food. Overall, great uber liberal hidden gem in an artsy neighborhood. Almost gave it a higher rating, but the bathrooms and floors could use a little bit better cleaning throughout the day.The bar is touted as a popular dive bar. The overall look is dive-y, but I don't think it has a dive bar feel. But it's still a great bar. Fun atmosphere. They serve food until 130a. Menu is good. The tater tots are great. 
The 2nd floor has another bar area and pool tables. The walls are covered with graffiti, stickers, etc.Love this place! The specials they have are awesome, they have different ones for each day of the week so check them out. Upstairs is cool, there's a pool table and a lounge area that's chill if you have a few people with you. Food is pretty good too. Overall the place has a good vibeStep through the looking glass and fall into the loving embrace of Tattooed Mom. Each level has its own feel you can't get anywhere else.
Get hooked up with local beers, funky cocktails, and some bites (yep, some are veg friendly) on the first floor. It feels like Alice's tea party meets your eccentric great aunt's parlor. Play with the random toys around the bar when you're bored.
Head upstairs for pool and 20+ years of layered street art in the walls. Grab another drink. Laugh. Chat up the bartender a bit cus they're there for good times too. Don't miss this place!Great food, cheap drinks, friendly staff & quirky decor. 
Plus a very vegan-friendly menu. One of my favorite veggie burgers in the city and only $3.50 on Wednesdays. Meatless Monday half-priced specials too & vegan taco option for Taco Tuesday.I really like Tattooed Mom's for a lunch stop. I basically only eat here on Pierogie Thursdays because they're super cheap and you can add all of the toppings you'd like(for an extra cost, of course). The bar staff is always great and they  have little toys scattered on the bar and table tops to entertain yourself with. The beer is always solid and they have great liquor choices. You don't come to Tattooed Mom's in search of a life changing experience, just an always dependable pierogie and beer. I don't need anything else in life.A vegetarian's dream! I had the honey siracha "chicken" wrap and it was amazing! Staff was super friendly, decor was great and drinks were decently priced, would most definitely come back!Favorite bar in the city, hands down. The staff is one of the kindest, most down to earth, and just awesome group of people that has ever graced a bar in Philadelphia. Seriously, if this place is the absolute TITS! No matter who is working, you are sure to have great conversation and great service (I'm looking at you Sig and Jen!!)...oh and the food and beer is great too! 
Don't miss out on the weekly specials - you can't beat $1 tacos (veggie or meat), $0.50 perogies, and $3 burgers (veggie or meat). 
Food not your thing? Have fun writing graffiti, drawing nonsense, or doing whatever you please to the walls on the second floor. With an ever changing variety of street art gracing their upstairs, you will always find something new and interesting displayed.WAY MORE THAN JUST A "dive bar"!! This is one of my all time favorite places to come to in Philly. So much to do..pool tables, bumper cars, wall to wall graffiti, amazing specialty drinks, beer specials all the time, amazing happy hour deals, and super delicious  food. Free arts and crafts Sundays! Bar bingo once a month! I can go on and on! Such a great place to just come and hang out all day. Greatest place in the world!!!!!!I was wandering around old city, visiting on a whim from NYC and smelled my way towards South street and found my people. I walked into Mom's and enjoyed the vibe downstairs for over an hour, alone. The bartender was cool, kind, and professional, and the candy strewn about the bar was a nice surprise. The furniture and decor are very fun and remind me of a grimier version of my favorite bar in my hometown of Houston, which has a circus theme going....
I found my way upstairs and sat in one of the buggies up there (go, you'll see) & pulled out my sketchbook to just draw & enjoy the music. When I was close to leaving, some people came up & started talking to me. About art school, about humanity, about Philadelphia...and we hung out for another hour at least at the bar. 
Everyone I interacted with at T-Mom's was down to earth and friendly. And what amazes me the most is that it actually attracts a really diverse crowd....nursing students and sticker punks alike. 
The menu has many vegetarian options, as well as a different special each weeknight. Sunday is arts and crafts day, Saturday morning they play cartoons and serve White Russians I believe, and of course there's taco Tuesday, pierogi night, and cheap $3 hamburger night. 
I ended up moving to Philadelphia from NYC  4 days later because of the experience I had at T-Mom's.  And now, anytime friends visit me in Philly from elsewhere, I take them here first.Ok, so I am going to be a little biased since Mom's is my FAVORITE hangout, ever!
I am absolutely addicted to Mom's cheap Veggie food and PBR specials. There are always food specials going on including $3 regular and veggie burgers on Monday and Thursday, Taco Tuesdays, Pierogie Wednesdays, and half price sandwiches on the weekend during the day. There are also tons of beer specials and even when there's not everything is reasonable.
Free craft Sundays are the perfect place for cheap fun. They have a craft table open to guests including coloring books, felt, construction paper, and even GIMP! There are also tons of great board games to play while hanging out and once a month they so a specialty craft like making sock puppets or ties for father's day.
The atmosphere is both chill and artistic punk at the same time. The memorabilia is everywhere and ranges from a bumper car in the front window to a 16" Stay Puffed Marshmallow Man on one of the shelves. The little alleyway has some great exhibits of crafts past including two robots that strangely resemble c3po and the robot from Mystery Science Theater.
You'll notice a lot of different crowds hanging at moms including what's left of the dwindling Philly punk scene, bike messengers, your indie artists and even some of the "newer" South Street crowd is making their way to the bar for a new experience.
The bar tenders and wait staff are all great without a doubt. Add a blend of old school punk, new wave, indie and even country tunes from the jukebox and you're set for the night.
Thanks, mom.The best eccentric bar I've ever been to. Vegetarian friendly and great service, even when it's slammed.They got Yards on tap, good food, Kick ass Juke on both floors, and if I don't bump into friends here, I always meet really cool people here. It's also a really good place to showcase your skills on the pooltable. You might think from the name and the tattooed clientele it has a reputation for being a tough bar, for the most part its not, but some skinheads started a fight with these guys I was shooting pool with once. But there was a Bar Brawl at Standard Tap a month or so ago, So I guess stuff happens everywhereThis place is pretty great.  It's a very relaxed atmosphere which is great for hanging out.  They have pretty cheap drinks, especially PBR.  I thoroughly enjoy cheap drinks.  I haven't really checked, but I don't get the feeling they have a lot of beers to choose from.  Beer (other than PBR) doesn't seem to be what most people come here for though.  The bar tenders and waiters are friendly, sometimes surly and quick.  The food isn't the best, but it's not bad either.  They have a lot of veggie and vegan options and different food specials everyday (I think).  You will find bowls of candy on the tables, usually dum-dums and chocolate at the bar.  
cheap booze + cheap food + free candy  = WIN
The decor is eclectic and fun, just like their patrons.  It's a decent size as well.  I'm told there is an upstairs with smoking, but have never ventured up there.
Give this place a go, it's fun!Awesome decor, love the upstairs! ! The male bartender was really funny,  and very personable.  Awesome special on pierogies, perfect to snack on while you enjoy the atmosphere of the bar.Ass baskets, Taco Tuesday, lollipops and thrift store couches. Tattoo Mom's was my home away from home during the months after leaving my job at Whole Foods. Over the years, it has stood it's ground and continues to be one of my favorite bars in the city. It holds a special place in my heart and even though I stay away from South Street, it's hard to say no to an invitation to Mom's.
After spending countless Sunday nights throwing back beers, coloring in books and making bead necklaces with Mom herself, I was offered a job at Old City's Sugar Mom's. While the Old City crowd is a different mix, both bars are unique and should be visited by both locals and tourists.Sometimes the Yelp Rating really sums it up in a way that my brilliant, eloquent mind can't even match:
"Meh. I've experienced better."
I really have. I got a veggie burger, which was tasty enough...but my boyfriend's brother got a pizza, and I swear the pizza dough was exactly the same as my burger bun. Fluffy. Bland. Kind of weird. 
Tots are nice and all (what hipster doesn't love seeing them on the menu?) but a little expensive for what they really are.
And speaking of hipsters, and one point our server stood up on a chair to...well, I don't really know what he was going for with that. I assume it's the latest new dance craze that you probably haven't heard about yet.
We didn't come here to drink, so maybe that's where we went wrong. Oh well.Well, I feel like a real lush for having back-to-back reviews in which my drunkenness played the starring role, but, as my mother would say, them's the breaks. Sue G., Hunter (my boyfriend), and I stumbled (literally, at least in my case) in here after the incredibly awesome UYE at ZoT last night (thanks to Bill for organizing!). Unfortunately, however, ZoT managed to run me pretty dry, so I was happy to find a cheap dive that was close by. Though I usually turn my nose up at shitty beer, I was too drunk at this point to care. The PBR went down like water.
I enjoyed their decorations. It reminded me of an old ice cream parlor, just with booze instead of ice cream. The people there were... interesting, to say the least. They made us laugh, and not much beats laughing at people when you're drunk. 
I don't remember seeing many games, but there was a big bowl of Dum-Dum lollipops in front of us, which brought on a welcome wave of nostalgia.
Extra star for the mouse-friend that scuttled across the floor, which drove Sue to push her beer as far away from her as possible and yell at the bartender. Good times.The quintessential hipster bar. Complete with quaint, varied seating. Children's toys. And dum dum lollipops. Come for the dollar taco tuesdays or four dollar burger wednesdays. It can get pretty busy around happy hour, so get in early before those tacos run out.
Overall: 3/5 enjoy the indie atmosphere and well priced beers with daily food specialsWent here for the first time last week during the afternoon. First off, much less pretentious than Sugar Mom's (see my review from 2011). Chubb is such a sweetie bartender! Great cocktails and food. Got the Philly fries which were delish. Also sampled some of my friends' perogies and honey sriracha wings. YUM! 
Def will return.Came to check out this bar on my trip to Philly and it was OK. The atmosphere was different and i liked the decor (very artsy/urban) and the couch had a great pair of dog/cat face pillows we had a good laugh at. 
The bartenders however were very standoffish and not very friendly and the man at the door checking ID's was pretty rude. Liked the bar but probably wont come back next time i come visit. They do have good prices though if you are on a budget.A Philadelphia staple! The owner, a woman in her forties, has pink hair! That says a lot about the place. Some of the punk/ dive bar culture has disappeared from South Street since the Cadillac Grille and other places have closed, some of the older stores have moved or closed, and its a sad thing. I don't think most people want South Street to be gentrified, and it has moved somewhat in that direction. They even removed the gum tree just so they could expand the side walks and put in red lamp posts! But anyway, I'm really happy Tattooed Mom is still there. There is a great lunch deal on Wed, 50 cent perrogies! They have a good jupe box and comfortable seating if you go there for drinks. And, an added benefit, friendly staff.Cool spot. Loved that they offer s GREAT vegan spread. The vegan steak sandwich was awesome. Also had really cool craft cocktails. I highly recommend if your in south phillyI've been going to Mom's for over ten years, and it's generally a great place to hang out, have a beer, and get some good bar food.  The burgers, tacos, nachos, and waffle fries are always very good, and they almost always have cider on tap.
I avoid Mom's on the weekends, though, because the hipster quotient is way too high for my taste, and people are usually crammed in the place like sardines.  Weeknights are the time to hit Mom'sEach day, before the entire population of South Jersey Jagerbombs South Street, there is a place you can go to sit on a throne, craft something out of pipecleaners, and suck on a dum dum while you wait for someone to bring you food.
No, it's not your mom's living room, it's actually Tattooed Mom. 
And oh yeah, the food is good too..
Can't speak for carnivorous options, but the vegetarian/vegan menu is awesome. And it's HALF PRICE ON MEATLESS MONDAYS! (5-7 or 10-11)
If you eat honey, the Honey Sriracha "Chicken" Wrap is essential. Even better with "bacon" & guac. Also veg corn dogs, burgers, and steak sandwiches. Here's a caution though: don't mis-steak the "vegan steak sandwich" for a loaded cheesesteak - the one I got was just "steak" on a roll, kinda dry and definitely in need of a sauce. Good news is you can add a cornucopia of FREE veggie toppings/sauces, or pay a bit extra for special ones like Daiya, guac, "bacon", etc.I've only been there once.  It was casual, friendly, and not too crowded.  Cheap drinks are a plus.I love the feel of this place and all the effort put into making the place fun. The decorations make for great conversation and the lollipops and other toys at the table were a nice touch.
My server was fast, personable, and knowledgable about the menu. I was surprised by all the options for food since it seemed to be more of a bar. 
The restaurant was fairly busy when my friends and I went but the service was still good and the food was still fast. Everyone enjoyed their meals and drinks and we'll be back again!I was in town for a convention and ended up here with a bunch of friends. To keep all honest this was about 2 or 3 weeks ago. This place is freaking awesome! The walls are all decked out in random posters and scribblings from the patrons that were smart enough to bring a marker with then. A lot of the seats are old bumper cars or roller coaster cars (I think) . Just all around a wonderful place to look around at the walls of ever changing art. 
I grabbed a drink and played a couple games of pool with some other people there. Was a great time and no issues. You would think from the crowd and name that it would be kind of rough and tough in there but seemed quite the opposite of that. Drinks were great and the food was actually really good too. Had chicken fingers and the Spanish fries. Was not disappointed at all. I will absolutely be back here when I end up back in Philadelphia!This place has the best bar stools at the downstairs bar.  That would be enough for greatness, but they take it further with a good veggie burger and tater tots, and decent cheap beer.  Every time I've been there the service is pretty good, the bathroom is clean, and the atmosphere is cozy and interesting; i.e. if the conversation is boring there's plenty to gaze at!I was very excited to try the Tattooed Mom for the first time. I originally came for the Beyond Mom's Vegan Burger, which unfortunately was sold out, so I asked the waiter for recommendations and ordered the Vegan Chubbsteak Wrap. The wrap was very good - super flavorful and filling. My friend and I also split the Ass Basket (chicken fingers, french fries, and mozzarella sticks). I did not try the chicken fingers, but the french fries were very sub par (would not recommend paying extra for) and the mozzarella sticks were the worst I have ever had (how hard is it to make, heck even microwave, mozz sticks?!) 
For a drink, I got the Rhubarb Peach Cobbler and was not impressed at all. It was honestly hard for me to finish. As a disclaimer, I am not a big drinker and therefore may not be the best person to review drinks, but I would definitely not order that drink again. In regards to the service, our waiter was very nice but you could tell the place was severely understaffed. As such, it took about 30 minutes for us to finish paying after receiving the check. Overall, I am disappointed by the experience I had at the Tattooed Mom and will not be coming back.I find this place to be a little gem on a street of mediocre bars. Drinks are yummy and cheap-ish. The decor in this place could be an art gallery, as their is so much to look at.My boyfriend and I were looking for a vegan spot open late and we came across this place and I'm so glad we did. The service was AMAZING, our waitress was so nice and super attentive to my boyfriends allergies. I wish I took a pic of the food before hand. We got the waffle fries, hummus and falafel, and a beyond meat burger w/ salad because they don't gluten free buns. Overall, great spot for vegan eats at a great price!I'm the 88th person to review Mom's, so you don't really NEED me to tell you about it, but I love this place so much, I just feel compelled to tell you anyway.  
This is pretty much my favorite bar ever.  Yes, it can get a tad hipster/scenesterish, depending on when you're there, but I think what I like about Mom's is that it's not a fashion show, it's not a popularity contest - pretty much all walks come here, and they're in too good a mood while they're here to judge you, because it's such a fun place.  People who don't like hipsters can go to Mom's and inadvertently befriend one.  And hipsters may walk out with a new "bro" pal or "dude" friend.  You never know.
In addition to good vibes and nice staff, TM's gets an A+ for the deliciosity of their bar food and kitschy, weird, dirty garage band/basement vibe decor.By far my favorite bar for many many reasons. 
1. I must say I'm partial to it because I am in fact, a tattooed mom. 
2. The drinks, oh the drinks. I order the pink puss. I don't know what's in it because they won't tell you but boy is it delicious! 
3. The atmosphere, there's art and toys everywhere! Who wouldn't enjoy that? I mean really? Each table gets a selection of little games to play while they're drinking/eating. This is the best part of all. 
4. Oh and they give you free lollipops. Enough said. This bar is the epitome of perfection.This is one of the coolest dive bars in Philly! Fun ambiance, good food, cheap drinks, & great happy hour.  Why say more.  That sums it up!Dive bar with lots of places to sit and great selection of beers on tap. Very good prices as well. The bartenders were great, very patient and knowledgeable. Bathrooms are big, but there is only one of each. They would do themselves a favor to add a few stalls, instead of the one toilet in each.Pleasantly surprised by cheap prices and not all that nihilistic; Mamma where'd ya get yo name from?Tattooed Mom is my all time favorite bar. You walk in and the downstairs and filled with quirky furniture made to feel like your grandmas living room. When the sun goes down they open the upstairs bar. Upstairs is another bar and pull table. There's graffiti and stickers covering the walls, bar and everything else. There are a few old bumper cars sitting on the floor that make for a great photo opportunity. They also serve food. Pretty standard bar fare but the pierogis and cheesy tater tots stand out. This bar is fun and the food is pretty good. Prices are pretty decent too for being on South Street.Previous Punk Scene, now Hip Scene, great grunge design upstairs.  Great to grab a beer/food downstairs EARLY, any day.  These earn the 2 stars from the rating.
But at night, go here once, then never again.  Avoid.
I have gotten a throw-up smelling glass of beer here three of the night visits. Once there was actually throw-up on it.  Order cans or bottles.
The upstairs bar and pool tables are packed at night, and the bartender will purposefully ignore you if you don't tip $1 per PBR, even if you order 3 at once for friends.  Once, a bartender started a facebook petition for "ordering etiquette" that explained how they will do this, in some sort of Bizzarro union tactic against the customer instead of the management.  If you're not paid enough, its not the customer's fault: the beer isn't even cheaper for us.  It's the management's fault.  But I guess they decided they have a better chance against customers?
Let's be honest, this is a nostalgia destination for the fledging punk scene being commercialized on South St.  If you're young, "not from" or "new" to the city, or want to bring an out-of-towner to a place they'll think has a hip design, here's your place.  If you are trying to look hip, with others trying the same thing, here's your place.
If you're just looking to have a good time, you'll have to dial one of the numbers on the bathroom stall.Best philly cheese steak I've ever had! Service was great. Awesome beers. Highly recommend, coolest bar in the area for sureProbably one of the best places around. Great hang-out for cheap drinks and cheap/good eats. My favorite? $1 PBR pounders 7-11pm on weekends, Taco Tuesdays and Pierogie Wednesdays.
Pool table and juke box upstairs. More comfortable and more available seating downstairs (if you show up early enough). See also: Sugar Mom'sTattooed Mom was recommended by a friend, so I stopped in for a late lunch one day. Perhaps this is more of an evening bar/dining establishment, because the lunch felt a little lacking. It was dead empty save one patron sitting at the bar. The food was average, although the beer selection was pretty wide. I imagine I would enjoy it a lot more in the evenings or on the weekends, but for right now, it is just OK.Whenever I'm in Philly I try to stop @ Tattooed Mom's.  This is my kinda bar.  Great cheap beer specials, really laid back and original atmosphere..it's just my idea of a good time, plus no one stares at me like "OMG who's the tattooed freak lady?" look I get at some other more "normal" establishments hahaha.  I've been here a few times and I feel like an idiot because I had no idea there was an upstairs..so next time I'll be sure to venture to that area.  Oh, and they play good music and have cheese tater tots...my absolute fave.  What's not to like?All who live in Philly must experience this bar at least once. It's definitely not for everyone but I'd be shocked if you told me it wasn't a cool experience! It's a super punk, dive bar, heavy metal, tattooed, buzzed bleach blonde hair type of place and I love it. The music is always good too! The best part is that they have crazy good food specials. Check out their website or a pic on yelp. Basically most nights/days of the week is a specific "food special" night. For example I went there the other day (can't remember what day of the week it was :/) and it was half off any vegetarian/vegan item. They have so many delicious veg options to choose from! We got the veg chicken quesadilla, falafel and the fried chicken sandwich (veg).  Amazzzzing! The falafel was the standout. Light, healthy and most definitely well portioned. Also- if you and your crew is trying to get lit, they have a great beer selection that is well priced. The shots at the bar are also about 4-6 bucks for good liquor. C'mon... pass on the rail liquor and save yourself that hangover! Must try!Get the tater tots! Boyfriend also got a chicken sandwich he loved.... I'm a vegetarian and let me tell you this walk the best "fake" chicken wrap I have EVER had. Gave my boyfriend a bite (huge meet lover) and he couldn't tell a difference himself. Strange ambiance and vibe if "hipster" isn't your normal scene, but totally worth checking out. Delicious food, and great beer selection with very reasonable prices!!!!!Needed a beer after touristing around Philly all day and didn't even know I was walking into a vegan heaven when I came across Tattood Mom. What a spectacular vegan "bar food" menu. Any place with pierogis on the menu steals a piece of my heart. But my fried pickle "chicken" sandwich was also delicious. The bartender Patrick was helpful with describing the local beer selection. I wish there were more bars like this!"Punk's not dead, punk's noooot dead" at Tattooed Moms.
Great place to get pissed... I can't speak for the food, although I've had the veggie wings (pierogies) over at Sugarmom's and those are always good.  I usually go upstairs when i'm there, just because I love all the punk nostalgia plastered all over the walls.  It's a fun place to start or end your night... the beer is cheap enough, and it seems the bar food selection is decent.  If you're into gritty bars, and appreciate the legacy of the punk scene, you must experience Tattooed Mom's.my first time at Tattooed Mom was Saturday. It was freaking amazing! $1 PBR pounders were awesome. And the oldschool bumper cars in the back were so awesome. I love all the graffiti and craziness all over the walls, and also, a dude from CAMEL came and gave out 2 packs to like everyone. Got drunk for cheap.Tattooed Mom is a great dive where one can rock drafts from PBR to Sierra Anniversarys. There were some fine ladies, friendly locals and a lot of texture in atmosphere. Works for me.OK....I was so wrong. This place is god awful. The last 2 times i've gone back the service has been piss poor and the food is terrible. I feel like I ate a mushed up veggie burger in an old shoe.
When a friend told the waitress/bartender that his soda was flat she just said "oh its cola, not coke". What the fuck does that even mean? When did 0 bubbles become cola? 
The prices at first glance are OK then when you add all of your toppings you're getting into the $11 range for simply a sandwich....no sides. 
Terrible.There has been a whole lot of dirtiness happinin' in the bumper cars.  I know for a fact.
Tattoo mom's also has the cleanest "grungy" bathrooms in Philly.   They look nasty, are covered with Sharpie graffiti and stickers.   But the toilets are almost always spotless.  Even on a weekend night.
It's not that punk either.  Go in on a Wednesday afternoon and sometimes the bartender will throw on some Sinatra.The epitome of a dive bar, but in a good sense. Small but cheap selection of beer, some finger food, pool table and bumper cars - what else does one need??Last night Buddy served me a Pickletini and it changed my life. Tattooed Mom forever.Such a fun and casual bar we stopped by on our way to spruce park summerfest. Neon rings, lollipops, and toys scatter each table. Good place to hang out with friends and grab a pint of draft beer. Great selection of draft and bottled beer. BBQ tater tots are also absolutely delicious! Great combination of sweet and spicy!The only reason I feel I can't give 5 stars is because I came here to do a photo shoot and didnt actually taste the food. All I had was 2 Heinekens. However, I'd readily go back. Tattooed Moms is easily one of the coolest places in Philadelphia with some of the coolest, down-to-mars people. The service was impeccable without being intrusive. The wait staff was very attentive, patient, and accomodating. At a time of day where they don't usually have the upstairs open, they went out of their way to open the upstairs just for us. We got some really amazing photographs up there. The bumper cars are the coolest effing things ever. And theres an elegance to the disarray that worked well for fashion photos. I call it Grungy-Chic. Is it weird that my favorite part is the upstairs bathroom???I went here today for a small event with a few vendors.  I felt so unwelcome and uncomfortable that I left after a few minutes.  It almost seemed like I needed to be dressed a certain way in order to be accepted.  It seems like a really cool place to hang out, but I felt like I wasn't cool enough to be here.  It was very strange.
Update 1:  The owner was kind enough to message me about my experience.  I will update my review after my next visit, to reflect the bar's atmosphere when there are no events taking place.What can be better than to have a pint while playing w/ lil' plastic toys that came from those bubble cup dispensers? 
This family tied "rebel rebel yell" dive flavor is what not only makes South St. "SOUTH STREET!" but it's a well known establishment to most of the Philly residents etc. 
You won't find a group of servers more scurvy and unique, much like the illustrations of oddities that deck the exterior of this hodgepodge collage paradise. (That goes for the patrons too)
Many walks of life take shape here daily and it's good to have a mix up from the norm. Even if you just stumble in alone your bound not to be bored and can write down some "Bohemian Dreams" of sorts in your poetry journal. Heck, ya might make a friend who'll ask, 
"So whatcha writing? I'm an artist too!" 
Aren't we all Hemingway? Skip that guy, you can do better. The one over there... He has that "Hunter S. Thompson" sophisticato mystique that you need in your bed tonight lady. Errr... I mean to write poetry of course, of course. 
*RECORD SCRATCH* 
Oh, oh... Ya he's wearing a pink fedora hat. Ya... sorry.
A.D.D. BUTTON!
Tuesday tacos is the best! Try a medley of all their different beefs and yes there's veggie too Vegan Girl...
Vegan Girl: What? I wasn't talking to you. So anyway...
A.D.D. BUTTON!
Look at that freaky sculpture out the window!
A.D.D. BUTTON!!
Omg! Is that Voltron on that mantle?
A.D.D. BUTTON!!!
Leap frog go! 
Bartender: Excuse me dude you gotta go! 
Me: Excuse me?
Bartender: You're totally freaking everyone out. Oh and stop pressing the A.D.D. button, I think you broke it.
Me: Oh.
Vegan Girl: Lame.
Me: Go twitter your girlfriend!
Vegan Girl: I already did and like how did you know I'm a lesbian? OMG! Is that an A.D.D. button?
ALL: NOOOOOOO!!!!!
((((((EXPLOSION))))))
Where am I? 
Is this heaven?
Voice: No.
Hell?
Voice: No.
Walmart? 
Voice: Oh hell no!
Where *gulp* am I than?
Voice: Jersey.
Oh that makes so much sense! Of course! How stupid of me? Right? Right? Goodnight folks.I went to Tattooed Mom for a literary reading a few weeks back and had a blast. The reading was in the little room with the bumper cars and it was totally packed. I was drinking some sort of tequila lemonade (it was ordered for me. I still am not sure what it was, but it was GOOD) and very pleased about sitting in a graffitied bumper car to listen to some great authors. 
Once the reading was over, I steadily drank and ate my way through the rest of the bar (I had the falafel sandwich and waffle fries-- the falafel was okay, and the fries were great), which I felt was quintessentially South Street in nature. Grungy without really being an edgy vibe, lots of great people, and sweet drinks made this place enjoyable.
The bathrooms were surprisingly okay, given the general appearance of the place (it was no Ritz-Carlton, but come on, don't be expecting pristine bathrooms in a place with graffiti all over the walls).Rad cocktails, awesome reasonably priced food. I really loved the feel and dcor too, I think every bar needs lollipops on their tables. I just wish the guy handling the food was a little more attentive but still a great experience!
Definitely coming back next time I'm in PhillyThe last time I was in Philly, I had a desperate need for a chicken parm sandwich at 11:50 at night. I piled into the car with my friends and raced toward south street making a FRANTIC phone call... "Hi, This is Molly (as if they have ANY idea who the hell Molly is)! I know your kitchen closes at midnight but I am in desperate need of a chicken parm sandwich! Can you just put the order in and we'll be there in five minutes?!?!?!"
There was a long pause....
"Umm.. miss, our kitchen closes 12:30. I think you're gonna be ok."
RELIEF!!!!!!
Those sandwiches complete me :)Tattooed Mom has a great selection of beers. My first and favorite of the beers they have, was the Peanut Butter Beer. It was delicious and well crafted. It reminded me of coffee sort of but in the form of beer. It's dark and the fizz has the texture of heated skim milk. I didn't bother trying the food, but I bet its great. I can't wait to try other selections and it's hard not to. The happy hour special is till 7 pm and the beers are around 2.50.Best bar in town, hands down. I love this place. I love the decor and feel to it. $1 PBRs, who could go wrong. I also like when they have decorating nights. You could decorate a skull, or ear of corn, whatever. Fantastic!I'm an events planner and have hosted events in at least 50 bars in the city. Tattooed Mom's is by far one of the best to work with -- easy scheduling, staff who go over the top to help out both before the event and on-site, great drink specials, and a vibe that can't be matched thanks to the funky decor, jukebox and little things like plastic frogs and chocolate sprinkled around the room. You can use the entire upstairs space (100+ people) or there's a back room with old bumper cars for maybe 50+ people standing. I've hosted three events there so far and will definitely be back!I've been to Tattoed Mom's before and had a great experience. I decided to take my boyfriend there for vegan snacks, dinner, and drinks for his birthday. Upon entering we were told to sit anywhere. Our server was short with us the entire time. He didn't offer/give us water and when we placed our orders he seemed irritated by us. We ordered a couple shots and let him know that we would order drinks later. When we ordered the drinks he slammed them down and walked away without saying a word. My boyfriend and I were really looking forward to bringing in his birthday at what I thought would be an awesome environment. The service we received kind of tainted our night. We scheduled our night so we would take shots right at midnight. We were gonna order food, but ended up leaving early. Extremely disappointing!I would not recommend this bar to anyone that I know.  It is probably the grungiest and dirtiest bars on south street! The graffiti all over the place makes the place look really groos and dirty. The food is really bad and the bartenders are extremely rude!  Needless to say, I will not be visiting this place ever again.What a cool fun bar to go to!  I came here with two friends, all of us from out of town looking for a good time.  The first floor was really cool.  We were so excited to see a list of candy inspired cocktails.  The one with the pop rocks was delicious and so fun to consume!  We had fun spinning the toppers on the bar counter and playing with the toy frogs.  I even enjoyed a cotton candy flavored sucker.  The rooms in the second floor are a completely different vibe than the lower level.  The walls are covered in graffiti on top of graffiti.  We sort of felt like we all the sudden entered a bad high school party.  Overall, we did have a good time. The cocktails are definitely worth a try!My favorite bar on South Street. The staff is always awesome and I love how diverse the place is. I love how you can find so many different people in there, yet everyone gets a long and is just there for a good time. Great vibe!This is my favorite bar in the entire city. It's kitchy and homey and a perfect place to hang. The downstairs has funky couches and chairs that your grandma could have owned at one point, and every table has little toys/games to play with. The upstairs has pool, and all the walls (and ceiling) are covered with posters/graffiti. The cocktails are FANTASTIC and unusual (last time I went there was a new one with cotton candy and Bourbon, and there is a regular cocktail that incorporates pop rocks). The food is super vegetarian/vegan friendly, and they have food/drink specials almost everyday (meatless mondays, $4 burgers Wednesdays, 50 cent pirogi Thursdays, etc.). Oh, and did I mention crafts and brunch Sundays? 
OK I've praised them enough. Go, have fun. If you don't enjoy yourself you probably have a stick up your ass that should be removed promptly. Someone at T-moms can probably help you with that.My friends love this and it's not a bad place for a cheap drink.  The staff have always been friendly and it's a laid back attitude.  The last time I was here, I thought I was overdressed by wearing khakis and button down shirt, but there were plenty of other well-dressed people there.  Usually I'm in jeans and a black t-shirt while I am here.  
The music selection is the best for me, because I'm not a fan of pop music.  There are obscure albums in the jukebox with something great at every turn.  The vibe is the best here.  i also like that they have dum dum lollipops here.  It's probably because the British bars give out lollipops at the end of the night so the drunks will have something in their mouth to keep them quiet on their walk home.  The local neighbors who want to sleep love it!I really like this place. They have GREAT specials, 50 cent, perogies, $3 burgers, $1 PBR. This is always a fun place to go and hang out, drink, and eat with friends.I have to give it up to this place if your looking for a punk rock rock bar it doesn't get much better then this. Cheep ass drinks (cheeper if you have a chip...ask your friends if you don't know) good bar food, not a whole lot of vegan options but the fries are pretty good. The 2 jukeboxes, one upstairs one down, have everything from Jawbreaker to Fear. Two pool tables. Great staff. All the writing on the wall you can shake a stick at. I went here A LOT so speaking from experience it's easy to get burned out on it but it's always chill durring the day and on tuesdays you can get 1 dollar pbrs and 1 dollar tacos, bean tacos if your veggie without cheese if your vegan. Only drawback...it's on south street.Dope ass bar, plain and simple. I heard Eminem, Meek Mill, Nirvana and Bob Marley all in one night while playing pool with some cool strangers. Drinks were strong too with cool lil themes.I've got two words for you... bedazzled turkey.  I love hitting this place up every time I go to Philly, its truely the best place to go out for a night.  Grab a tall boy of PBR and kick back in the downstairs or up.  Last trip I had we ended up there on a Sunday night and they were making hand turkeys.  I know, who the hell makes hand turkeys, well everyone at Tattooed Mom's was making turkeys.  I was so proud to see mine hanging up behind the bar the next night when I stopped by.  And all my Philly friends were making fun of it because it looked like Liberace with all the feathers and bedazzling.  Okay guys, I get it, everyone outside of SF thinks the whole city is gay.  Haha.  We're not all gay, we're all just Fabulous!  Eat that on your toast in the morning!First time here today from nj. We came for the vegan pickle fried chicken sandwich.  We both got that and the bbq tots which were also vegan! The sandwich was so flavorful  I was shocked that it truly was vegan.  Whatever spices they use,  it is gooood. One of the best sandwiches I've ever had.  The tots are plentiful,  next time we'd share an order.  They are smothered in sweet and tangy bbq sauce with a vegan chipotle cream sauce.  It is spicy!!! They were so damn good!! The only negative we'd say,  is that whatever sauce or vegan mayo they put on the sandwich was barely there.  Needs way more, and i was disappointed in the amount of fried pickles on it. I got 3 very tiny pickles. The photos I saw of this sandwich before they all had a decent amount of fried pickles.  You couldn't really taste them on there.  We absolutely will be back for this again.  So.Damn.Good.Went yesterday afternoon for the Philly Sewing Collective Sublime Stitching event.
Service was great. Only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because my sandwich was burnt to a nice, rust color (fish sandwich). I could barely eat it.
Met the owner for the first time, he was really nice and just wanted to make sure we were enjoying ourselves.
So I had to come back and change my review because my experience last night was really pleasant!
Horray for good reviews!The food and drinks here are good and Well priced.  Great atmosphere.  Had a blast when came for some late night drinks with ny friends.This is the quintessential hole-in-the-wall dive bar with funky decor, patrons of all walks of life, and straight-shooting bartenders keepin' it real. It looks very punk rock, but don't be intimidated if that's not your scene. It has a really diverse crowd and everyone is made to feel welcome. It's the kind of bar that Toby Keith sings about is that song...
Anyway, the beers are cheap (well, for the city), cocktails are solid with several creative menu choices and rotating specials, and they run happy hours for even cheaper booze. They've got good bar food too and have daily deals--e.g. Taco Tuesday, $0.50 pierogies on Monday (or Wednesday, can't remember), $1-3 single burgers on another night, etc. All of these options are also available at regular price nightly. The tots are delish and you get an ass-load. 
There are two floors, so make sure you check out the upstairs and you'll find pool tables and a second bar. It's a cool spot. I dig it.For a DIVE BAR.... this place RULES in many way!   You wanna have fun in a clean, funky place with PUNK playing and children running around.   This is is.   It's better than I'm making it sound!     Killer dive bar with many extra details that set this place apart!  Trust me.  it's worth a visit!So eclectic and enjoyable! Hipster music, weirdo decorations, decent (though small) beer selection,I'll let the boss sum this up...
I know your mama, she don't like me, cause I play in a rock 'n roll band. And I know your daddy don't dig me, but he never did understand. 
Tattooed Mom's is certainly not your parent's bar. It is a chill environment despite all the biker-esq looking dudes in leather jackets. There is graffiti everywhere, it makes it feel more grimy than it really is... But it gives it a unique touch. The drinks are strong.Come to Mom's!
This place is THE place to visit. Ordered several of the speciality cocktails & each one was better than the last. Food was cheap, quick, with no frills but so much better than you'd expect. The decor is very hipster, the crowd is super diverse but welcoming, & was there during a book signing so got to learn something too all in one night. I recommend coming if you're looking for a chill night on south street.OOOOMF, this place was SPOOKY! Came here for a few bites after some tomfoolery at Morgan's Pier and although the food was OK, I was really thrown off by the decor. It seemed a bit tacky and there was too much going on in my opinion. I am not a movie enthusiast, however, so that explains why this place is not my cup of tea.
We ordered the nachos (which satisfied my drunk craving) and poutine tots - both were fine but I probably won't return to eat here as I feel like I could find better nachos elsewhere.
Plus side: there was a basket of condiments and utensils that was readily available for customers to serve themselves. I liked that I was able to have my plate ready with my dips before the food came out so that I was able to tackle the food the second it came out.This place really is a hidden gem!  You should go on Monday for the vegetarian specials.  It's on South Street which makes for an enjoyable walk after dinner.  The decor is eclectic and it's overall a great sensory experience from taste to sight.Punky, eclectic, hipsterish.. All words to describe tattooed mom. We seared ourselves. Greeted by a waitress who seemed really bothered by our existence. Se had moments of not being such a huge bitch but most of the time she was a total raging bitch. Wore sunglasses at night. Totally impersonal. Not that attentive. Annoyed if we asked anything. 
Food.. Dy-no-mite! I got the veggie chub wrap. That was good. We ordered tots w whiz. Also good. Got a hummus plate an pierogies. Tasty. Chips and salsa and guac. All good. 
Stuff on the table to play w and lollipops to take w you. Cute idea. 
Glad I went Bc I heard the food was good. Just wish the waitress was happy.Came here on my one and only night out while visiting a friend in Philly. I spent far more on the jukebox than I did on drinks, which tells you two things: 1. The jukebox is incredible, and  2. I clearly managed to get drunk enough for cheap enough to blow the rest of my cash subjecting the rest of the bar to endless Reatards and T.Rex songs. I fully intend to repeat the experience the next time I visit Philadelphia.I've visited Tattooed Mom on several occasions. And yes, my coach bag carrying, slightly preppy dressed self might feel little out of place with the tattoeed/pierced bartenders and clientele, but nope. You feel right at home! Every time I've gone there it's been superb service, great conversation with people at the bar, and dang I love their perogies. 
They also have fun little trinkets to play with at the bar. I swiped a couple for my 4 year old, that's what they are there for right? 
Whenever I'm on South St, this place is a must to stop in, have a drink, and maybe take a picture in their bumper car.Nice bartenders. Tots were good. but reallyyyyy you go for happy hour 10-11pm. because whyyyyy would you not?Favorite bar in the city. Cheap drinks and good food. Don't miss out on taco Tuesday and happy hour specials. The jukebox is full of good tunes too.Tattooed Mom is the collage of paint, magazine pages, graphics, and eccentric furniture you could only vaguely envision for your too-cool-to-care college haunt. 
It's okay; you weren't worthy. 
That is the energy you'll get from an occasional early-2000s hipster here who hasn't realized their superiority complex has gone out of style. Largely, though, the vibe at Tattooed Mom is relaxed and accepting--a comfortable den of dim lighting and wild wall distractions. 
Nearly everyone you encounter will be pleasant: from the bartenders to the stranger at the bar whose decision to talk to you is surprisingly unoffensive, to the casual angel who hears you asking an oblivious friend to pour you some water and hands you a cup of salvation, to your own friends who are also enjoying the ease of this place with its ornate fixtures, silly tchotchkes, danceable music, and space to roam. There's even a decent cocktail list to boot.Noah , in the flowered shirt was AWESOME!! We had some pink puss & beermosas !! Did a few crafts on "Craft Sundays" the theme was "Invasion of the corn people" !!! A cool crowd & everyone was friendly !! Highly highly recommend it !!! Ohh, and the octopus chandelier was pretty epic !!! Thanks for a fun time !!!After a long day of sight seeing and wandering the city, I felt like a night cap. This place is exactly what I needed and wanted. Im not one to hang out in bars for the most part. Although, ive spent my fair share in bars. There are two stories,  I headed straight up the stairs because i had to sit, even briefly, in a bumper cart. They also have a pool table upstairs and another bar. The bartender was super helpful and attentive,  even thru busy times. This place doesnt feel like its trying to be anything but what it is. And its quite enjoyable.The best part about tatooed mom's the crappy upstairs with scribbles all over.. or at least it was when i was there a long long time ago.. 
If you were a regular back then, you probably know a cute happy little goth girl named suzi Q.. siouxie.. or something of that sort.. that's my gal! She used to hang out there tons, and she's the one who dragged me there decked out in her leather apparel.. REAL friends make you play dress-up!
Anyway, hanging out at tatooed mom's with her always made me feel like we were little kids again with our own special secret clubhouse.. but we were the bad kids, the ones drinking alcohol.. 
Sue always went for the cops hanging out outside once she was even the littlest bit tipsy-- what is it with punkrawk girls and men in uniform?!I have not been here in years and should return soon.     In general Im tired of the whole Philly atiitude and avoid places like South St..   However, this place I remember as being cool.   The next time Im in Philly I will stop in.Got here purely by chance and as an out-of-towner.
Impressions.  Okay food, beer, decor downstairs.   The downstairs would rate a 3.5 on this scale.    I would do this again.
Upstairs?  Toxic slack.  These people are to Philly what hippies are to Boulder, only no one cares.   Goatees and sunglasses and layers of thrift store dog blankets.   Oh, my!
To be fair, I was younger once.  Hung with the fashionably outscast.   I've seen my share of dive bars and scenes.   The Comet Tavern.  O'Cayz Corral.  Was it really this bad?   It seemed so forced and contrite, yet what is a slacker to do but slack, only here it reaches critical mass.   Not even worth the morbid curiosity of such a scene.
History lesson.  By the early 80's, John Lydon was with P.I.L. and buying a house in Hollywood.  Stop the pretension of assocation.The food is AWFUL! $5 for tater tots - are you people nuts! You get a better burger at Wendy's for a buck and even Chick Filet don't charge $4.50 for a handful of cold waffle fries. Paper plates and plastic cutlery are NOT cool.Love it here.. And super psyched that I was given the "Mom's" chip..I would give this place 3and a half stars but alas, if I have to choose between 3 and 4 I'm choosing 3. 
Good service, stiff drinks, great atmosphere. Every time I stroll into this place I end up running into a friend. The bartenders are nice, the cocktail waitress is a character, I love her demeanor! Fun place.
I'm giving it a 3 because hands down, WORST food I've ever had in the entire history of me dining out all across the country. Save yourself the agony of eating here unless you're so hammered that you don't care what you consume. French fries. Just stick with french fries!unpretentious, artsy atmosphere, cheap beer, decent music. it's surprising, only because it's located on south street with all those other not-so-fantastic bars. (it's probably the only bar i will go to on south street.) i love the second floor back area with bumper cars for booths.Very cool bar on South Street.  They had fun cocktails and a solid beer listing.  I've heard great things about their food but we were only there for drinks.  Funky colors and decor on the inside.  The place has a small bar upfront and a room filled with table/chair and couches/coffee tables for sitting.  Staff was courteous and patient.  Very fun place and will definitely return.Tattooed moms fits in on so many levels - downstairs is a very retro, kitchy bar and a very relaxed dining area.  There are tables and couches.  Then upstairs is a divey,  graffitied,  very hip area with pool tables and another bar. 
On Wednesdays they have $3 burgers (vegan option available) and they always have delish TATER TOTS that come out in a basket.  They have a taco Tuesday special too, though i haven't been there on a Tuesday.   The food is actually GREAT!  the service is GREAT!  the atmosphere is GREAT! and the place is affordable. Doesn't matter if you are here for eating or drinking or BOTH - you wont break your budget and you'll enjoy every sip and bite.  
I am not much of a night owl, and even more so - i am not much of a happy hour-er  - but - when i am - i choose tmoms.Great food to go along with a great selection of beers. I often find myself here during happy hour. This is definitely the place to go on south street to avoid any obnoxious wasted people. My favorite part was the music and the bathrooms which are filled with some of philadelphia's finest street artists.Good place, small area.  The mirrors confused my wife when she tried to find the bathroom (but she's simple minded...IT'S OUR SECRET YELP).  I had a Yuengling, it was a Yunegling.  I don't know if you have to have tattoos to visit the place, if your mother has to have one.  Thankfully I qualify for both (like every other Millenial).I generally avoid the South St area at all costs, but I have found myself at Tattooed Moms twice in recent weeks.
Here's the deal- I wouldn't go out of my way to go here, but if I'm in the area and want to chill with a few friends and have a cheap beer, it's great.  I have been to Sugar Mom's many times but I hate how crowded it can get on the weekends.  The thing I like about Tattooed Moms is there seems to be less of an obnoxious crowd.  Service is good and the bartenders are friendly.
We walked in on Saturday night after a show at the TLA and there was enough room for our whole group to sit down upstairs.  Nice laid back dive bar.  The women's room leaves a little to be desired, but that's par for the course.  Can't speak for the food.Delicious, fun, super nice and accommodating staff. Went for lunch with kids and MIL with diet restrictions in tow. They were super accommodating for both. Our food was great. The vegan burger is delicious, as are the tater tots (we got the Parmesan pepper), and the kids grilled cheeses were the real deal, good enough for an adult palate. They have lollipops and table toys everywhere, and the manager even swung by with another whole plate of toys for the kids. My guess is the vibe shift quite a bit for evening, but daytime is a great option for all.I'm not vegan but I tried the vegan chicken sandwich! I'm already planning my next visit and having my mom tag along because it was THAT good! I kind of wanted to ask for the ingredients in their red cherry sauce! I'm always afraid to try new things but this was definitely a great choice and I cannot wait to go again! Once I find something I like, I become a "regular."
The only thing I would tweak is the atmosphere. Definitely update the whole building.This was my second time at TMoms - I love this place! We went on Meatless Monday which is where all non meat items are half price. I asked the waiter for recommendations because everything sounded so good. I think I had a veggie burger the first time - it was to die for. I ended up ordering the veggie chicken honey sriracha wrap. We also got the Spanish fries for the table and a beermosa. Excellent! I love the decor of this place it's so quirky :). we
sat in a little nook that gave it a private feel.
I also noted that the bathroom was exceptionally clean and smelled like bleach. 
The last time I went was on craft day which I enjoyed a lot and colored while eating tater tots & drinking beer - how could you go wrong?The waiter, a good but over-priced beer, and the random guy promoting his band, make this a 4-star visit. Otherwise I wasn't impressed, even with the kindergarten meets hipster decor.I finally got to check this place out and I loved it here. It is a great place to hang out and drink. They play awesome music and have bumper cars in the back. There was even a band playing in the bumper car when I got there. It's a really fun but laid back atmosphere none of the posh trendy stuff you get in other bars in the city. It's a dive bar but definitely the best dive bar I've ever been too. 
They have drink specials every night that are really good so be sure to ask what the special is. They also carry ROOT and the bartender made a fantastic drink with it for me. I like when bartenders know how to make drinks other than vodka tonics so it was quite refreshing to be in a dive bar and get an amazing drink.I've only been to Tattooed Moms a few times, but they've always been great experiences. What other bar has an arts & crafts bin?Cheap Pabst and the hooker on the wall is the only thing that makes this place worthwhile...expensive and dirty yuengling draughts, a clientele of played out punk rock guys and size-you-up-hipsters, shitty service and a we're so cool it hurts atmosphere make this place suck. this place has seen its day. ten years ago called, it wants it's bar back. fucking blaaaahh..and this is coming from a person who loves sugar moms...the toys and shtick are great, this south street locale just straight sucks.Ughh. I don't feel very good.
This place has a pretty cool atmosphere/decor, but the nice parts tend to end there.
$4.50 for a side of waffle fries is a little much. I had a $9 chicken parm sandwich and my friend got a burger. I could have made something better myself. And I would've saved money.
Bottom line: Don't go here for the food.We stopped in on a Tuesday,  $1 tacos was the deal.  We ordered those and some half price drafts.  The food didn't agree with the stomach and made me sick. Atmosphere was unique but I wouldn't go back. Was not impressed.Saw this place online a while back and decided to check it out for my birthday. I was a little worried about parking on South Street, but we found a spot right away. This place is awesome. We went on a Thursday, which happened to be pierogi night, and they were fantastic. They've got food specials just about every day of the week, and none of us had anything less than outstanding. The employees were all so friendly and attentive, and our waitress, Jenny, was spectacular. The ambience in this place is one of a kind. The other patrons were warm and friendly to us even though we weren't regulars. After we ate at a comfy couch and couple of comfy chairs, we headed upstairs to check it out. Amazing. I can't wait to get back here. It's definitely worth a second, third, or hundredth trip.I stopped here with a friend on the way home from seeing the magic gardens & was so happy that we did, this place is so cool! Between the decor, drink specials, & names for food items this bar gives off a unique feel. 
There is a downstairs that has a bar & plenty of tables if you feel like sitting down and having a meal with a few people & there is an upstairs with a bar & pool table. 
My friend got a sour beer & I decided to try their pop rocket cocktail which was delicious & the pop rocks add a nice twist - it is definitely on the sweet side & has a very raspberry taste so if sweet drinks aren't for you I'd maybe try their pickletini. The drink menu was creative and the presentation was interesting.
We tried one of their baskets that had mozzerella sticks, chicken fingers, & fries which was the perfect snack. We stayed here for a little over an hour & didn't feel rushed at all which was appreciated. I'd like to come back here to try their brunch in the future!One of my favorite bars on South Street!  I'm not in this area that often, but whenever I am, I stop by to get a drink here. I love the dcor, it's really weird-cute inside with entertaining green walls. Sometimes I feel like I'm in a really divey bar and then I'll sit on a cute couch and feel a little more chic! Check out the bathroom and try not to be freaked out!
The service is decent, but I really like their specials. Recently I went on a Wednesday and really enjoyed the $3 narrangset beer that goes down to $2 on Wednesday.--not a bad way to drink beer on a weeknight.  One of my friends  who was visiting from California got extremely excited to see Perogies on the menu! We probably would have had some if we just hadn't had cheesesteaks.  I definitely would be interested in checking out their happy hour on weekdays, seems like they have some really good deals.This bar is really chill with a fun, quirky atmosphere. I had a great beer recommended to me by the waiter, and we loved the cheesy tater tots. I've come here both times I've been to Philly.I have been frequenting this place lately and have decided to give it a review.  I have tried many things on their food menu, tacos, pierogies, cheesesteak, hummus, burgers, etc., and everything has been pretty great.  My absolute favorite menu item is the chicken steak, it is simple but really good (and half price fri, sat, and sun @ lunchtime :)).  Every day they have some sort of special going on so you can always eat and drink for little money.  My boyfriend and I just got tacos and two drinks for dinner for less than $10.00! The service can be a little slow and unpleasant but it almost brings character to this place.    The decor is also cute and you get cute little party favors to play with!Had the tatter tots with cheese whiz and a few drinks. The server was very standoffish and not friendly at all. We were left with empty glasses for a while with our server nowhere to be found.
There are plenty of places to get a drink and a quick drink on South Street, won't come back here again.I give it points for a VERY veggie friendly menu. Beer list was very good too. We went in when NO ONE else was there for lunch. The bar tender was a cliched hipster chick who was rather unpleasant and not the least bit helpful ( I don't need a new BFF but you don't need to act like you're too cool to offer me even semi-civilized service. I'm sorry my presence annoys you, maybe you shouldn't be in the service industry?) Given the awesome vegetarian menu we'll probably try it again sometime but if the service is typically like that forget it. Descent people be ware.Freakin' awesome bar. We need more bars like this in NYC, instead of all these pretentious lounges opening up. This place was a fabulous start to my weekend in Philly. We discovered that pints of PBR were a buck each until 11 PM which was a pleasant surprise. So we basically downed PBRs all night, and saved a ton of cash, some of which went into the unique jukebox.. I mean, there were songs on there you'd never see elsewhere. Sat on the couch right off the staircase, and once it hit 10 PM or so, the place got packed and our space was infringed upon.. but no worries. This place has character and I would come back here in a heartbeat.I've been here a couple times for drinks, and once for a craft Sunday which was kind of fun, but my review is mainly to post about the food. I decided to try the vegan burger on a Wednesday night since it was the weekly special and it was probably one of the best vegan burgers I've ever had. Add a side of tots and it was a delicious greasy meal. Now that I know about it I have to control myself from stopping by every week. One negative point is that you can't get the special prices if you do take-out so expect to pay full price if you're not planning on eating there. Not really sure what the reasoning is behind that.
As a bar, the atmosphere downstairs is a little too bright for my taste but I tend to like anything that resembles a dive bar to be a little more dark and divey. I'll go back and try more food items in the future I'm sure, but in terms of a drinking place it's not necessarily where I would choose to go first. It would be really great if they added more couches and lounging areas downstairs so it felt a little more comfortable and eliminated some of the tables and chairs, but since I haven't been there on peak nights maybe all of those are needed. 
All in all it's a good place for vegan and non-vegan bar food options but not the true drinking dive bar that I'm searching for in this city.Everything about this place is amazing always stop by whenever I'm in Philly. The back room on the second floor gets me inspired to make more art. Can't wait till my next visit.I can't tell you why I like it here. Is probably the best description of how TM's makes me feel. I'm no hipster, I'm a pretty normal chick, and yet I find myself in TM's pretty often pounding $1 PBRs with the best of them and noshing on perogies and vegan burgers. If only I had an ironic outfit I could totally fit in. 
Regardless of how I feel about it here, it's a great place for groups, and it has a much more homey feel (downstairs) than most of the other bars in Philly. I've come here as a group of 2 or a group of 18 and had equally good experiences. 
My favorites-
the pierogies
the vegan burger with feta cheese
whatevers on tap
the strange and ever changing decor/art
I never go upstairs, but if you're not digging the downstairs aesthetic it's nice you can go upstairs for something pretty different without changing bars.Super cool casual place to grab a drink and bite to eat. We sat at the bar and got drinks right away however the food took some time to come out but it was fine because the drinks were great. This place gets pretty busy so be patient because the food is definitely worth it. The veggie corn dog was so delicious we ordered it twice! We came on meatless Monday so all the veggie food was half off. Can't wait to come back!!Wings were fire. Cool, grunge, almost Brooklyn vibe. Big space with cool go-kart seating. Servers were very friendly. Bathrooms clean despite the grunge feel of the place. Drinks served in pint glasses and everything was very reasonably priced. Highly recommend.Management! Please read this and get this girl a hand on thursday nights or someone else.  honestly- we want to go back- the service needs improvement.
Poor service all around.  The server spent all night like a deer in headlights with every table.
Food- over priced, mediocre and slow.I have been here several times in the last few years with my husband and friends.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Last night we went in for their pirogi night  with about 8 people at 6:30 (30 left of happy hour.) We sat on the first floor and had a tall, thin woman in her 20s with long black hair as our waitress.  My husband and i were first to arrive and our friends trickled in over the next 40 minutes.  
When we were first greeted (and it was just the two of us) my husband asked what was on draft and the server rattled off the list, but wasn't able to answer questions about the beers.  I ordered a pitcher of water a few glasses and some limes- i wasn't drinking and i knew a few of our friends would also appreciate having water on the table- she looked at me like i was crazy.  when it arrived it had a handful of limes in it ( so am i supposed to put my hand in the pitcher to get one?- gross) and one plastic cup.  we had to ask for cups 2 more times. 
 We tried to order food but she cut us off, saying that she would take our order when everyone arrived so no one would "feel bad' that they were eating last. HUH? Stunned, she walked away before we could reply.  As more guests arrived  they had to either go to the bar or flag her down to order drinks- two others were hushed when they tried to order food.  Finally, I was able to tell her we wanted to order food regardless. 
 At this point she brought us paper order forms and one pen for us to write down what we wanted. OK- I understand that when you have a special night it is helpful for the kitchen to have chits to clearly mark who ordered what specially including our names, but if you have us do this part of your job at least know who got what! It is so annoying to have food auctioned off at the end of the table when  the server doesn't know what she is holding.  Please don't touch or put your face in my food in front of me to see what you are serving.  
It is worthwhile to note at this point it took over 40 minutes for our perogies to hit the table while their was only one other table ahead of us that had ordered food.  Two of us also ordered a salad and wings. Also, the salad was ordered as a first course and came out after the hot food. The wing were a hit on taste but were over priced at $9 for tiny guys.  The house salad was served on a smallish plastic plate (why?) with huge chunks of onion, tasteless pink tomato and dried up  sliced mushrooms.  Rip Off - $6.50. The perogies? decent for the price.
After the table was cleared was the first time our server asked if we needed anything.  she continued to ask every five minutes as one by one we finished drinks and  were waiting for others to as well.  It was as if she was rushing us now that we were winding down and finishing our drinks. When i asked for a refill on the pitcher of water she returned with it just half full.
After we ate- and guess what no one cried from eating while others weren't- a few of our friends had to leave and asked for their part of the bill bc the rest of us were going to continue to drink.  The waitress told them she wouldn't give them a check and to just figure out what they owed- but then left before they could ask any of the drink prices.  They left us cash- to settle up later.  
When it was time for the check we were handed  an illegible hand written two sided stapled together chit with our prices for any of the drinks- just a total.  when we inquired after the drink prices so we could split our checks - the waitress pointed to one column with slash marks where she tallied the drinks ordered and very rudely told us to look at the drink column- and again walked away before we could point out our question was about the price of the drinks - not how many- also there was no distinction between the drinks during happy hour and those not.  
I wuold like to state that we and our friends are not cheap people when it comes to half way decent service- we frequent other bars in the city for nights like taco night and believe it tipping on the menu price of food not the special and we normally tip  in the 25-30% range.  This was- bar none- the worst tip we have ever left for the worst service.A fun South Street bar. An interesting decor set with a nice mix of gutter punk junky and rich kid rocker customers. They don't have a huge craft beer selection so if that's you jam then this is not your place. If you want a decent price, with an eclectic mix of clientele and good music then this is your place. The food is a unique type of bar food with great prices, the pirogies are always good and taco day is the best value in the city.I LOVE this place!!!! I just went last night for like the 10th time... I like it so bad! It;s the best place ever especially if you're a bit tipsy and are easily entertained and distracted! For the love of bob there are toys on the table (which distract us from ordering almost EVERYTIME we go)
It's a dope spot if that's your crowd... It's hella packed out on the weekend
The atmosphere is a relaxed hipster kind of vibe, the people there are mad friendly... I've gotta into many random conversations with people where numbers are exchanged and we plan to meet up again at T-Moms...
I can't speak much on the food outside of the cheese tots(reason we first tried t-moms) and Taco Tuesday. But I've never heard a complaint..
All in all if you're looking for a fun night surrounded by cool NICE care free people who aren't super sloppy drunk T-Mom's is the place to be any day of the weekI think everyone has a love/hate relationship with Mom's.  
I live close by, so it is a default bar for my friends and me.  We used to go upstairs a lot (smoking in the back room, pool tables), but I find the downstairs much more appealing now.  It's much more tame, especially on a week night, it's almost quiet.  The upstairs usually makes you feel like doing drugs in the bathroom and/or making out with strangers.  
I have seen mice downstairs, which is sort of an unspoken truth about restaurants, but I like to remain in denial of it and not have the evidence run across the floor.  
Tattooed Mom's is pretty inexpensive, and the food is good.  They have good daily food and drink specials.  I just don't necessarily recommend going on the weekends.It's easy to hate on South Street bars, but similar to what Nate F. said - TM has remained consistently awesome despite the area's rapid decline.  The downstairs and upstairs provide two very different climes for drinking - I usually opt for the sea foam green downstairs for lounging on the couches and conversation, and upstairs for pool and drunken cigarettes.  
The food isn't particularly anything special - it's bar food, but GOOD bar food at that.  Like most have already mentioned, the pierogies are top notch - so much I went for the Wednesday special last night.  And I love the basket of condiments they give you.  I'm a sucker for condiments.
Good times all around.Mom's has been a favorite of mine since they opened. Service is usually pretty good, the drinks are reasonably priced, and the kitchen is open fairly late. Now that the smoking ban is in place, there really is no downside from a 'features' perspective.
As mentioned in other reviews, Mom's embraces the punk/rock aesthetic, along with toys, so you're sure to find lound music playing at a range of volumes (depending on the whimsy of the staff) and the tables and bar littered with 5-and-dime toys. The clientele is an inked bunch, and there are sure to be a few messenger bikes locked up outside. If this is not your type of scene, cheap PBR pounders on Taco Tuesday and Pieroghi Wednesday will probably not be enough to win you over. There is by no means a dress code, but white collars stick out - if you normally change out of said white collar when heading out for beers, this place will most likely just make you feel old.
Upstairs you'll find two pool tables, frequently occupied by tavern league teams and more often just occupied. There's also another bar, and a back room where the smoking ban may or may not be strictly enforced. The back room also has a set of restrooms, lest you walk all the way downstairs for relief.
When things are hectic on South Street, it's usually a lot more mellow inside Mom's, if only because the punk-esque (and fairly white) vibe is not really attractive to the diverse but predictable mix (NJ 'burbs and Grays Ferry...holla!) of people strolling and cruising South.
Another factor is that there are no TVs on in this bar, which also affects the make-up of the regulars.
Best feature is Sarah the waitress, who is the perfect mix of experience, sweetness and no-nonsenseness. If you find it strange that she's wearing dark sunglasses at midnight on a Saturday, come back a few more times and it'll seem more natural.My new favorite place in Philadelphia! The cocktails are great, food is amazing and service fast and friendly. Definitely coming back :)Tmom's scores big on bar food. The burgers are awesome because they use potato buns, the fries are awesome because they're waffled and the corn dogs are awesome because they're corn dogs. Mom's also has a vegetarian/vegan menu to boot! There's almost always a drink and food special, so you're never really missing out.
2 pool tables upstairs and a back room where you can smoke. At Tmom's, you can do drunks 'n' crafts and they let you graffiti on their walls. It's a throw'em back establishment and they typically play great music (The Smiths meets crust punk). It's a weekly refuge for me.I loved, loved, loved. 
Boyfriend has been talking pretty much nonstop about Tattooed Mom since we started dating. Raving about it, actually. We almost didn't come in last night, because he was unsure if I'd "be able to hang" with the crowd. (He is very tattooed, and explained that the clientele here is tattooed and pierced as well, which I am not.) But I ain't scuuurrrred, so I insisted he take me inside for one last drink before we had to catch the train back to the Dirty South (Jersey.) I'm so glad he did. 
The atmosphere in here is so freaking cool. The furnishings, the bar, the paint color, the pictures of naked people all over. I loved everything about it!!! I especially loved that the table under the steps was unoccupied, and that it also featured a deep red plushy couch tucked into the alcove. It's sexy as hell in here. 
I had no idea what I felt like drinking, but I knew I wanted something with some sweetness to it. The red-lipped, straight-blonde-banged girl sitting at the bar was sipping on something light blue and slightly fizzy with two cherries inside. I'll have what she's having! The bartender is super friendly. "It's experimental," he tells me, "but it's good. It's....nostalgic." What he gives me is a frothy, funky concoction of cotton candy vodka, blue curacao, and...I forget the last ingredient. Sprite? Ginger ale? I have no idea, but it was GOOD! It was great actually. And the fresh cherries absorbed the delicious flavor of the vodka. 
The crowd, which was diverse for sure, all seemed to be having a good time. I love that they have small tables, couches, and a communal table. The vibe in here is the coolest thing about this place. It's relatively quiet, there's no fist-pumping, and everybody is pretty much doing their own things. This is a place I could camp out at for a night. We were only able to stay for about 20 minutes, but I would love to come back and spend more time.Cool place with a lot going on!  Crafts on sundays.  Good drinks and good food.  Due to the distance I don't come here often, but when I do, we always have a great time.Adorable....and yes they have too many beers on draft to even mention here..but if you like beer you are in luck. If you like cool places with funky furniture and nooks and crannies to pop into and hunker down with friends and your favorite beer then you are in luck. Great attitude. Clean. Fresh and Fun.One of the most interesting bars I've been to. Graffiti and stuff all over the walls. Decent beer selection. We sat upstairs because bottom was packedHad a great time here. The decor is what you should go for. Drinks are pretty good, a reasonable tap beer selection, some weird funky furniture, and best of all -- two pool tables. I forgot my ID but was with my parents and the bouncer was pretty funny. He wouldn't let me in until my mom went up to him and said "I was there. I remember it perfectly. And it was many more than 21 years ago." He laughed and let us in, and was just an all-around cool dude. 
The downstairs was packed so we got drinks upstairs and lounged on the retro couch. Got in a couple games of pool for just a buck a game.  The clientele is... eccentric, but I guess that's just part of the experience. Cool dive on South Street with fair prices worth checking out.Ok, this is officially my favorite bar on the East Coast. There's clearly a rule that everybody that works at Tattoed Mom has to be complete eye candy and have only a slight air of aloofness about him. They also have toys that they give away if you're well behaved. Sunday night I was offered a plethora of spinning tops, horoscope fish and spider rings. There are a few chatty regulars that hang out and when it's last call they're really very sweet about it. Maybe they're not as excited to go home as some other places, but they're gentlemen and that's pretty much what makes me return to a watering hole. That and good conversation, last night we had a literary crowd, very pleasant.
Oh, the bar is bi level, the top is kinda skanky, which is fully what you'd expect, except downstairs is ..well.. shabby chic. Sex oozes from the decor, the bar stools are the most comfortable gold sparkly place to put your tush. This is one of those bars where girls go to be naughty, girls like me anyway. 
Next time...Stopped in here the other night after a show at the TLA. It's the only bar on South Street that I have any interest in entering. The beer is cold, the lollipops are free, and there are TONS of options (for a place that serves comfort 1970s mom bar food) for vegetarians and vegans, which I love. 
Now, if only they wouldn't run out of tater tots EVERYTIME I go there, I'd be a happier girl.Came here for a quick meal before conferences. It just so happened to be a Wednesday Burger Day! Huge specialty burger for only $5 and huge regular burgers for only $4. We also got an order of tots which were perfectly crunchy. My only complaint was that the wait for the food was longer than I expected. Still, the ambience was fun and the food was affordable and good. I would definitely come back!Fun bar, hung out in the upstairs area which has plenty of room and two pool tables.
Staff was nice, and psyched that they had Shiner Bock on tap and Powers Whiskey.Wow.  I was not prepared for the awesomeness of Tattooed Mom.  We had an unofficial Yelp Happy Hour here - read: about 20 of us took over the place without any warning.  There was one server, Bobby, tending to all of us, and he did an amazing job.  He got our food to us quickly, ditto for drinks, he split the tab several times, and not once did he even seem the slightest bit frazzled.  He was downright graceful and cheerful the whole time - he even brought us plates for the amazing UNICORN CAKE baked by Jenna C.  Needless to say, I am extremely impressed by the service.
My food got lost and I ended up waiting about an hour to actually get it, but the pancake-sausage thing on a stick was actually totally awesome. (Curiosity overwhelms my sense of reason sometimes, but this strange food had a satisfying payoff.)  The pierogies were also excellent, and for 25 cents a piece, you couldn't go wrong.  I don't even like pierogies, but these were little fried pockets of heaven.  Mmm... trans fat.
The atmosphere was absolutely perfect for the event.  I found it to be a little campy at first (it's very obviously owned/operated by the same people from Sugarmom's), but since it's on South Street, the camp works.  It meant we could act totally ridiculous and not get thrown out.  So feel free to bring a lot of friends, play with plastic novelties on the table and relive your childhood nostalgia, or get racy and start ladyposing next to the leopard-print cushions on the couch... Mom wants you to have a good time.Great dive bar! Downstairs has a 70's retro lounge feel. The upstairs feels like the scene out of the original TMNT where the kids are introduced to the Footclan/Shredder in that spray painted warehouse..."regular or menthol?" This is a compliment. I love it. Taco Tuesday is solid. Only drawback: the downstairs smells of vomit that can't be cleaned out of the carpet. Haven't been back in months because my girlfriend can't tolerate the smell. Would be a 5 otherwise!This is probably one of my favourite places on south street.  They have full bar and specials every day from Monday to Friday! Staff is very upbeat and pleasant. They have a retro look of the place with little toys on their tables and with crayons.Love this place! Fun vibe and a great underground place in Philadelphia without it actually being underground. Love the ambience and the drinks. The walls are lined with stickers and graffiti. The Sunday arts and crafts are super cool too.With the burger special going on and this being my first time trying their burgers I was very surprised on them...they where slammin five out of five on food 
Now with the service, I came during happy hour 5-7 and a burger special (dinner time) the place was swamped with people, with one overwhelmed server one bartender (til later) the server seemed calm and leveled headed through the madness even stuck up with my pettiness!!
As for atmosphere real mixed crowd puzzled with art and graffiti...my type of place but I gave them 4 stars because they really needed a little more help on the floor for that poor server gettin slayed by the service 
Oh did I mention I got two burgers jawns are delicious!!Heard about this place for years but never got a chance to actually make it. Went on a random Wednesday night and it was as expected for a Wednesday night, almost dead. I probably counted about 9 people but it didn't really matter because the drink specials more than made up for it. Waitress and bartender were attentive and didn't give off that 'I hate you because you are keeping me here' vibe. Want to definately see what it's like during the weekends.Fun bar.  It's actually pretty big and they have a lot of couches and tables beyond the front bar.  
Lotta carpet so that was weird but it adds to the atmosphere.  Weird vintage figures on the wall and a killer jukebox if you're into punk rock and some older hip hop.
Drink prices are normal and they have food options too. There are a lot of places to eat on south street but this can be a good contender if you get hungry and dont want to leave the bar.  Vegan options as well.Years and years and years ago, I toured with rock bands.  And every time we were on tour in Philadelphia, we went to Tattooed Mom.  For some reason I thought it was Tattooed Mama.  Oh well, I do remember it was a cool punk bar with cheap drinks and good tunes.  Ahh, the good ol' days.I haven't ventured in Mom's in quite a while...chalk it up to me not spending too much time down in the South Street area or maybe I just have bitter, bitter memories of the place. Either way, I ended up there on a recent Sunday night and was pleasantly surprised to find that it was better than ever before. I love me a dive bar, and Mom's manages to embody the best of that world while not making me feel like I'm going to get cooties by sitting down in a seat. 
I knocked back a few Hoegardens (with orange slices - nice!), listened to some good, loud music and had a solid conversation with my BFF without being hassled by people who were looking to get lucky. The bathroom is cleaner than I remember, too, so obviously some good changes have been made. I thought I was too old for this place...but now I know that, just like at home, I'll always have a place at Mom's.awesome bar.  very chilled atmosphere.  the couches are great. $1 tacos on tuesdayIf you dress in all black, hate your parents, have a few piercings and tattoos, and enjoy riding your fixie on the sidewalk, you probably love this place. 
I have no problem with the bar itself. The place has a unique graffiti inspired decorating scheme. The beer selection is not very good, but better than a lot of places. Most people are drinking canned PBR anyway, which tastes like crap, but its better than Bud, I guess. 
The clientele is pretty interesting. I would quite call them hipsters, maybe wanna-be again hipsters of a various demographics. You also have some city kids and tourists mixed in to the pot.I had a party at Tattooed Mom the other night and it could not have gone better. From the moment I reached out to them to inquire about having the event, to onsite, the staff and team was fantastic. My friends that attended the party, loved the food, drink, and atmosphere and said they all had a great time. If you are every looking for a place to go for a fun night out or have your special event, Tattooed Mom is the perfect place.The best vegan friend chicken sandwich I've we had. So many vegan options and probably my favorite weirdo bar environment. Great people watching.Cool, funky interior with graffiti all over the walls. Limited menu but I have heard the food is pretty. They also have a pool table. Beer and cocktails are good and there are some creative cocktail offerings. Staff are friendly and make you feel welcome. I am by no means a hipster and did not feel out of place here.I love the atmosphere of this place is crazy but I loved it! The staff was great but the food took the cake! Best food I've eaten in a very long time. Made everything else I ate during my stay in Philly taste like vending machine food. I will definitely be coming back on my next time to Philly.$1.50 tacos?  Awesome.  $1.50 PBR tallboys?  Awesome.  (Only on Tuesdays?  Hey, I can't get drunk every night anyway, whatever.)  I love how the downstairs feels like a totally different place from the upstairs.  If only the rest of South Street wasn't so awful.
I'll have to go back and try this sausage-wrapped-in-a-pancake-on-a-stick business.I'm a sucker for a bar with a great interior and this is just it. Downstairs, you can hide out under the stairs, in a little nook just made for drinking, upstairs, a cross between your mom's basement and a pool hall complete with jukebox and a bumper car. Back room of the second floor is a semi private place, perfect for late night drunken make outs.
Love it. All of it. Nice roomy bathroom too.Killer dive skate bar, been going then for a long time. pool tables upstairs. good music and cool people.I take everything I said back, (except the part about terror sucking. they still suck.)
I had never been to the bar, and so a bad first experience on behalf of my significant other left me with a bad taste in my mouth, and the desire to never really go here.
But! He took me here on pierogie night, and once again on cheap burger night and the food and the cheap beer made up for everything. Plus there was a lack of douchebags, so that ruled. 
And I love the little crappy toys and dum dums everywhere! 
Also their veggie burger was fantastic.
I will come back to you, and I will come back to you often.Yes, it's dirty and yes, it's loud, but really, what's not to love?  I'm utterly charmed by this place.  The food is wonderful and they have specials throughout the week (ie perogies, burgers, etc).  The beer is relatively cheap.  There's bumper cars in the back where you can woo your date.  There are pool tables.  There's arts and crafts.  Fliers and graffiti line the inside.  Seriously, do you really need any more reasons to come here?  Let your hair down for a night and stop in.Well this place has a nice vibe really laid back and chill. I stayed for about an hour and had two beers which is a lot for me. They have an upstairs but I didn't explore that much. I didn't visit the restroom and it was well kept and very clean. I enjoyed eavesdropping on the bartenders trips overseas. And he didn't seem to mind me listening and nodding my head in approval or disagreement.Very interesting spot on South street, definitely check it out. This place has an awesome upstairs with graffiti walls and bumper cars for chairs. Relatively cheap drinks (PBR pounders are $3) and a dynamic crowd really add to this spot.
My one knock is that I have been here three times now and my buddies and I have only ordered the 16oz PBR's - the tops of the cans smell like puke, not sure if someone threw up near the cooler or what but it was very noticeable. 
Be sure to wander into Tattooed Mom one weekend night, it is worth your time.Excellent food...didn't get a chance to dine in late Sunday evening but the to go order I had was amazing. The Honey Siracha Chikn wrap (vegan) was amazing. My friend had the chubbsteak wrap (vegan) and raved how good it was. Next time I'm in Philly I'll be sure to dine in to get the full experience.You can drink your PBR in a bumper car, but it doesn't have pinball, which is kind of a huge whiff.  Fun, but not at the level of Bob & Barbara's or Tritone.Worst service and beer I have ever had.
Their bouncer is a jerk, does not recognize locals. I tried to bring my family out of town there and he did not let us in. 
I was a huge advocate of this bar but it stinks....would not recommend.The drinks are cheap, so are the pierogies.  Get anything other than a PBR and you might look horrifically out of place.
It's very comfy and homey, as comfy and homey as a graffiti-lined place can get, and I don't mind coming here.  But I've been here for several Taco Tuesdays, all of which turned into Upset Stomach Wednesdays.  
Yet somehow, I still blame the PBR.