I want to write a complaint about the horrible service that I had last night. 9 friends and I were sitting in one of the boots to the upper right hand side, with waiter service. We ordered three rounds of shots. The first was supposed to be pineapple upside down cake shots, and the waiter said that bartender didn't know how to make them so brought us some pink liquid shot instead. Next, we ordered Washington Apple shots, which are supposed to be made with a little bit of Crowne Royale and apple flavoring. The shots were straight whiskey. The last shot was a Dirty Girl Scout. I specifically asked if the bartender knew how to make these and the waiter said she did. He brought us 8 shots of a substance that was the consistency of a mixture of baking soda and oatmeal. No liquid whatsoever and it wasn't even possible to take the shot. When I asked the waiter about the 3 incorrect shots, he said that the bartender was angry that she had to make the shots and wouldn't be getting the tips for them so purposely made them incorrectly. I asked for a manager, who gave us free lemon drops. However, we still ended up at a $277 dollar bill and paid $7 for 24 incorrect shots that were completely awful. This was the first time that I had shots that were so bad that I felt sick from taking them. I will never go to this bar again nor will any of my friends. The service was awful and the staff was just plain rude. If the bartender did not know how to make the shots, she should have said so. And after making them completely incorrect, the manager should not have made us pay for a shot that tasted and looked like curdled milk.Came for the mean girls brunch , it was a great concept but poorly executed. We waited over 30 minutes for drinks and an hour and a half for food , which was mediocre at best. Our server could have cared less. Management tried to "apologize " but to be honest it was too little too late . They gave  the excuse that there were so many people .... well you took reservations so you should have been prepared .Tavern On Broad..... Is the best experienced bar this side of Center City and it's like CHEERS in Boston.... Where everybody knows your name, But OUR version here in the Philadelphia area (On the South Side of Broad St.)!!!! With the finest beers on tap from Golden Wheat (Blue Moon) to Amber Wheat from Boston (Think of Sam Adams) to Chocolate-Flavored beer from Brooklyn, N.Y. (The Brooklyn Brewery Co.). When inside this elegant dive/lounge/sports setting (Yes, All in ONE) you'll enjoy the ambiance of an art deco like lounge bar with a vintage bar/club atmosphere, Sports bar-like quality and feel with food fare ranging from those delectable honey BarB-Q buffalo wings, gourmet sirloin steak dishes to there delicious steak-cut French fries, But there menu don't stop there.... They have everything on the menu to choose from to match your tasty beverage of choice! Oh yeah..... Lest not forget, To order the beer fountains they'll bring to your table and your able to pour from the fountains spout with much ease at your leisure at anytime! DRINK UP, But DRINK RESPONSIBLY at The Tavern On Broad!!!!After the family graduation dinner we met up with all the Dental School graduates and their friends and family for drinks, good company, dancing, and an all around fun time. The drinks were a little pricey for what you got (or should I say what you didn't get). The music was fun and the place was pretty large with a number or tall tables, open spaces, and lounges with tv screens all over. We all had a good time and stayed till closing. Good company helps make an experience at a bar/lounge but this place isn't too bad on its own.This  place has a great atmosphere and  nice employees. The appetizers, especially the chicken, are well prepared and cooked. There is no contest when it comes to a happy hour spot since happy hour happens here on week days for more than an hour!Our waitress was new and quite possibly the reason for this one star [rant] review.
Long story short, the waitress lost my credit card! We were sitting next to some people at the beginning of the Eagles game and gave two cards just to make sure the bill was split. When it came time to pay, she couldn't find the card. She was looking and looking and looking. Eventually, she found the card..... but when she swiped it, she charged us for another persons bill. 
Jeez.
She doesn't know how to refund the money, so the manager comes over and takes care of it. This did take a long time though and we were in a rush. No apology from either manager or waitress, which was a huge turnoff. 
This is a great place to watch a game with good drink specials, but comeon!I barely have the energy to explain how poor the service is here. I have had a handful of decent experiences, but the most recent overshadowed them all. The service is terrible. We were one of four tables in the entire place and spent more time waiting for the waitress than we did eating or drinking. We ended up having to walk to the bar to place our order for almost every round of drinks / food that we had. She appologized that another table was being demanding, but it did not seem to matter. She still ignored our group of 8 for the 2 hours that we sat there watching a game. Would have to really think twice about going back.My typical reaction when someone mentions going to Tavern on Broad is some sort of grunt followed by some questioning. I usually associate it with a packed atmosphere filled with cheap beer and college-age clientele. 
I recently found a good reason to go. College game watch parties. My local alumni group set up a game watch party and I was totally digging the set up. We received a private room, our game with the sound on and waitress service. Additionally, we received half off domestics, house wine, well drinks and select appetizers. The room was comfy and almost like being in someone's living room. Our server was on her game and we always had a drink in hand or on the way. 
Unfortunately, I don't drink domestics and opted for their best craft beer option, the Lagunitas IPA. At $7 a pop, that started adding up after a while. I feel that's borderline high for that common brew.
In any case, no need for an adverse reaction if I'm returning for another game watch party at Tavern on Broad.Headed to Tavern on Broad twice in the last few weeks. I figured I'd slam the reviews together.
First outing: about 8pm on a Friday night we met some friends for drinks. The place was DARK, very very DARK. It was pretty packed with what seemed like a college crowd dressed in 80s clothes, which was a good chuckle I grew up in the 80s and its still scary to see stone washed jeans, tye dyed shirts, and slashed tanks tops making a come back. The big hair was a memory I would like to not relive from that night. The crowd was run though, a little too touchy, and a little to in your face in a Jersey Shore kind of way. Quite a few guys appeared to be there with their "boys" to pick fights. Not going to complain about the drink specials IE about $2 drafts. It was a nice surprise, but not the best price. It definitely felt like a college draw for the bar, which is odd as it's in Center City, and most of the places cater to the business folk on Fridays for happy hour. Lesson learned, Fridays at this place, not our scene. The bathrooms were covered in vomit and urine both male & female. The place royally stank. Badly. We eventually sat in the back by the sports area, but not much different. We left due to inability to really order drinks.
Second outing: went about 5pm on a Thursday night, met some friends after work. The lights were on. When the lights are on the place looks pretty nice. The staff were very nice, conversational. We got a couple of beers, and some appetizers. The fries were heavily salted and soggy, some even seemed wet. The chicken fingers not a huge fan. Significantly less people for happy hour on a Thursday, with clean bathrooms, and totally different patrons.
I'm still middle of the road on this place. My gut is it wants to be the local watering hole on Friday nights, but still draw the professionals and business folks during the week. Problem is those crowds don't mix. If your going for the college crowd get some more bouncers who want to do more then sit and flirt with the college girls, because in the bathroom area and bar part you have guys picking fights. For the week time, only suggestion is expect to not get whatever their drink special is. We had to ask 3 different bar tenders to finally find out what it was.Food and drinks are good. However there is never enough staff working to handle the amount of patrons in the restaurant.Went here on a whiskey crawl.  Spacious for grabbing some drinks at 4pm on a Saturday.I've been here a few times, and that's enough for me to say it's aight.
Nothing spectacular, nothing bad. Just, you know, a bar. 
"But Vichet," you ask in an overly familiar tone, "what does it have?" 
Music, lots of people, and reasonably priced drinks for Center City.
What I will say is that the crowd is usually pretty friendly and open to mingling. I've bought and have been bought many a shot in this place, all for and from strangers. I get the sense that the crowd is mostly lower 20s, but that's just me.
Remember on weekends, you'll have to pay a cover to get in. Also, the pillars can make it pretty tough to get around inside when the place is full. 
The good thing is that people tend to congregate in the middle of the place, so the far edges of the main bar is usually a good, low-traffic spot to post up as a home base for ordering drinks and getting a moment of (relative) quiet.
At least it was, until I told you about it.I know this is a little late for a review, but I was reminded of my HORRIBLE experience after receiving and e-mail from NYEphilly.com. 
Usually I spend my New Year's playing hostess to my friends, but this year decided to go all out and experience New Year's Eve in the city. I paied extra for 'Ultra VIP' tickets to ring in the New Year at Tavern on Broad and honestly I'm not sure who to blame for the horrible experience; NYEphilly, JoonBug Productions, or Tavern on Broad, but what I do know is that none of them wanted to be accountable or took responsibility for misrepresenting what was sold, the debacle when picking up the tickets, and overselling the event - seriously not sure how they weren't shut down for breaking fire codes.
Between being moved from one line to the next, taking over an hour to get into the venue to be brought to a coffee table with no chairs - supposed to get private seating with a waitress - and being served Hamburger Helper and Salad on the extensive buffet was extremely disappointing. Not seeing our waitress more than twice that even was frustrating, but having to wait an hour in a line to use the ladies room while being pushed around and belittled by staff to get to stalls where a rude attendant rationed off toilet paper was utterly ridiculous. 
Yes I didn't go here for a traditional dining experience or to just sit around the bar on a normal night, but because of my New Year's Eve experience I will never return to see what the bar could really be like.First they gave away our reservation to another party. And then they refused to let us leave the bar when the Phils clinched the NL Pennant.  I will never go back to this bar ever again.Yes the drinks are cheap and sometimes free but the service here SUCKS. The bartenders during happy hour are the worst. He only reason I came was for half off happy hr. drinks. Next time I'll spend the $17.00 at the Palm upstairs for a great Cosmo and great service.I went to Tavern on Broad while I was in Philly for business. I had a wonderful time and he staff was amazing. They were all very helpful on places to go while I was in town. They also have some good happy hour deals. 
The food took a little long but I didn't mind because when it came out the food was hot and tasted amazing! I would highly recommend Tavern on Broad to my friends who visit Philly or those who live in the city.Terrible service and over priced beers ($5 for a bud light or miller light bottle).  Food is average if you're lucky and good luck getting a refill.  Only good thing is they have lots of TVs, but there are plenty of other bars with TVs.Not sure why this place doesn't have many stars, but after going there for my first time on Wednesday, I am hooked on their happy hour! We originally went for sips, but our bartender was very friendly and let us know that ALL drinks are 50% off 5-8 (including all of the fancy pants cocktails).  The drinks that my friend and I ordered were both very yummy, and so were the vegetarian spring rolls!
I would definitely go back again!The first time I had the pleasure of experiencing Tavern on Broad was for the last Superbowl. I was pleasantly surprised at how relaxed, and quiet the place was. I felt almost like I had walked into a closely guarded secret or something because other than a few people at the bar, most of the seating was pretty open. The group of guys who I came with got an entire section to ourselves and each individual took up entire couches and got comfortable. The food is disappointing for the most part; the wings are boring and then some; the fries are not bad, and for the price you pay, it's a decent amount; the Mahi Mahi was so dull and the bun was chewy and not fun to eat. But I didn't care because it was a very relaxed atmosphere.
Then came the second time that I went to this establishment, and it happened to be on a Friday. The two separate visits were like night and day. The obnoxious music being played by the incredibly amateur DJ was blasted at such a ridiculous volume that I swear I heard the hair cells in my inner ear screaming as they shriveled up and died an agonizing death. And then even more died when the aforementioned DJ (DJ being too good a term for this moron) decided that he was going to try... whatever he was trying (scratching I think), but it was so badly done that people actually stopped dancing. It was like a tone deaf old man with no sense of rhythm had gotten a hold of the music. The people in the bar seemed to be slightly older on average (than me), although there also seems to be a decent amount of guys who are in the college student age range (like me). And before I forget, the amount of people on the weekends makes the experience all the more aggravating. 
The waitresses are quick, and seem to be very attentive to your needs, although not necessarily cheery while they're taking care of you. But most of them are attractive, so... you're welcome.
Go when the place is quiet and relaxed, and it's an enjoyable experience. Go when the annoying music is playing, and the whole experience takes a nosedive. Unless you're into that scene I guess. Also, go down the street to I-HOP when you get hungry.this place borders between a dive and a regular sports bar. hidden below ground level, it definitely feels like you're going into a dive bar, since there are no windows and can be kind of dark. the decor leaves nothing to wrote home about, just your average sports bar paraphernalia, with plenty of big screens to catch the philly, eagles, or flyers games. although seemingly crammed, there is actually a lot of space as you walk further back, into another bar area.  
feel like dancing instead? there is plenty of room to dance, and friday.saturday nights they play lots of top 40's & hip hop, for those nights you just want a casual place where you can dance the night away with your girlfriends! i have had plenty of fun  nights here doing just that :) it never gets TOO crowded, but enough people find their way down here. 
would rather just sit and eat? there are ample booths to accommodate you, although the food is not very  good, even if it's cheap. but as a place that offers pretty something for everyone for a casual low-key night , tavern is the place to go.I HAD to sign up for this site just to leave this review.
Weakest drinks I have had in my ENTIRE life. $6 for each for rum & diet, $10 for a long island. Literally nothing but soda/sugar water in them.
I had been here before and had a great time since sometimes there are fun people here, but I arrived already drunk. Do not drink here. Also, asked for the promised special at 11:55, was told I had to go get the wristband from the front, this took forever, got back to bar at 12:00 even, and was told the specials were over at midnight. WTF?
Bartender also rude as hell.I've been to Tavern on Broad a few times, and I've either had a terrible time or a "meh" experience. Whether I'm dropping in on a random night or stopping by as part of a bar crawl, service is slow and slighty/full on smarmy. Their well drinks are probably the weakest I've ever had, and their beer selection is nothing special. They do have a few large TVs scattered throughout, if you're into that. 
My friends and I bought "VIP" tickets for their Halloween open bar. For only $30, I should have known it'd be terrible. First of all,  they only had one line for everyone. It didn't matter if you bought VIP tickets or regular or if you bought in advance or at the door. Everyone waited in the same line, so there was no point in planning ahead or paying extra. We missed about an hour of the VIP open bar we paid for because we were waiting in line. Once inside, we had the same weak well drinks and mostly smarmy service as any other night, except escalated due to the crowded open bar.
All in all, Tavern on Broad should always be your last choice.  There are so many better options around.Solid sports bar in Philly. Lots of Gamewatch parties here. (I come for the RU games.) Only beer specials during the games here though which stinks as I'm a wine and cocktail gal. 
They also have a $5 burger which is pretty good. It comes with lettuce, tomato, and onion but you pay for everything else like cheese, sauces, and other toppings. Still pretty cheap for a meal.Booooooo!!!!. Tavern on Broad is a disgrace and an embarrassment. With such a great location and so much potential, this dump falls well short of expectations. I live right down the street so I have been to this meat head infested establishment many times. When the lights go on at the end of the night I find myself wondering why again I willingly chose to put myself through this disappointment. Below is a list of all that is wrong with this god-forsaken hell hole.
-Bouncers are roided out mongoloids that wait anxiously for somebody to make a mistake so they can brutally and forcefully drag them up the stairs and out of the bar. One Friday night I witnessed and older man (around 50 or so, dressed very oddly) get his head bashed into every step as about 4 bouncers twice his size continued to yell "stop resisting". Poor guy. 
-Bartenders think they are the shit, yet they are slow and very unfriendly. One lady bartender told me to dance when I asked her for 3 bud lights and 3 shots of Jameson. Keep in mind I had been waiting for approx. 15-20 minutes, battling to get a spot at the bar. I was confused so I smiled and gave a fake laugh, just to find that she wasn't kidding. She wanted me to dance, just so I could have the privilege of ordering a grotesquely over-priced drink order. I refused politely.....never got served. True Story.
-Plenty of space to cut a rug, however the music is terrible and the crowd energy sucks. Nobody really wants to sweat and get after it. There is always, and I mean always a douchey DJ "spinning" top 10 radio songs. God the flashbacks are painful
Avoid this bar at all costs if even remotely sober. If you are in the area, feel like dancing with a large group of close friends, and most importantly, you can barely speak because you have been pounding beers all day, then yes by all means please stumble down into this dark pit and cause a scene on the dance floor. Stumble in around 12:30-1:00 (on a FRI or SAT night only!!!)  and have a good time.I am really torn between 2 and 1 star. For the benefit of this bar I will go 2. But if I could give 1.5 that would be perfect.
I dont know where to start with this place. During the busy nights its like a frat party basement. Every inch of it is crowded and the clientel look like they just graduated high school. 
Along with this the drinks at this place are ridiculous. I went on a Sunday to watch some NFL Games. I ordered one PBR and paid $6 for it. 4 blocks over is a bar where for the same price I can get an entire pitcher for that amount. In fact most places in the city charge $2-$3 for one PBR. 
Overall this isnt the best bar to be going to in the city. If you are black out drunk and want to dance the night away go for it. But overall not impressed.So a manager offered me 50 in coupons in an effort to get me back. My friends went there for the Eagles/Cowboys game, so I decided "Sure, might as well treat my friends"
The service, was certainly better than my previous nightmare. The bartender there was sympathetic and paid extra attention to me, great bartender overall. She explained to me how the hostesses had a high turnover rate.
 However, it was hard to get attention to get a drink from her or others. The burger this time was a little overcooked, but it was still very good. 
The bathroom was in a pretty bad state. Only two urinals and one working toilet, the door permanently open (probably to aid with the smell), and paper towels continuosly running out. 
They may have salvaged my business, but if I were running it, I would put a lot more effort.Big fan of Tavern.  I love bars with a variety of entertainments.  They have a bunch of different rooms, a pool table (my fav!) and lots of TVs.  So conveniently located I frequent this place a lot.With all the awesome and well run bars in Philadelphia, I cannot fathom how this place remains popular. We went for a friend's free happy hour on a Friday night. The free cover was a plus (but honestly, I cannot imagine liking this place enough to pay a cover). They have a big bar, but every bartender I encountered was pretty rude. One of my friends was accused of "stealing" by the bartender because his wristband was hidden. My husband was literally yelled at by another when he tried to order two beers (one for me) because they have a one drink per person policy for the happy hour. The bathroom was in disgusting condition. The door was propped open and there was a attendant who took up half the room. I could barely stand at the sink. The finale to our evening was the bouncers (seriously - WHY are there at least 20 of them?) who came over to our table, and literally removed it saying the dance floor had to be bigger. Next!I've been here one time since I've moved to Philly.  It is a decent bar, with decent music, however, the bartenders aren't really 'in the know' when it comes to beverages.  I requested a tom collins, and the bartender looked at me like I was at fault for saying something ridiculous.  
Not really interested in going back.Visiting Philly for the first time. A group of us wanted to see some Sunday games and maybe Nascar.
This place has over 20 TV'S to watch your favorite game. Asked if they could change one that was hidden in a bar area for the last 10 minutes of a race. DENIED! Ok, how about a Philly Cheese steak sandwich, nope....out,  Ok, how about celery that was supposed to come  with my wings, nope....out, how about pickles?....no wait we found celery.  Terrible way to run a resturant.  Waitress was fine. 
Wings were good, food selection is very limited. 
I would not recommend.Meh, this place is alright.  I was here for a friend's bday party and it was suitable for the special occasion.  Drink special for the night (at least for our group, as far as I could tell) were half-priced drinks.
For half-priced drinks, they made sure it was half-quality.
There's a "dance floor"...or at least some open space for some rhythmic bodily movements, if you're so inclined.  The music that night was all over the place, so there wasn't too much dancing on my part (quite upsetting).Terrible bartender only serves her friends and doesn't serve anyone's. I was waiting 20min gr a single beer. GgI'm not entirely sure what to make of Tavern on Broad and based on my experiences there, I'm not sure the ownership knows either. It's a hybrid sports bar / upscale pub with decent happy hour specials and a large space that rarely seems full. Granted, I have only visited on weekdays, but I can't really imagine this place heaving with people. It doesn't seem to have a loyal enough following to pack out. 
I believe the reviews that label TOB a "bro bar," but I haven't really seen it. I think if you're looking for an adequate burger and discounted drafts - during the week - then TOB earns passing marks. But barely. The Tavern clearly takes the real estate mantra of "location, etc" much too literally: they rely on their Broad Street convenience instead of pushing themselves to offer creative food and drink options. 
I think it's deserving of a 3-star review by virtue of its competitive happy hour offerings; it's the one part of their approach that doesn't simply rely on the easy access of its location. For those considering a visit to the Tavern, go for a weekday happy hour and see how you feel. As for those looking for a weekend drinking spot, I agree with everyone else: go elsewhere.Going into Year#2 with Tavern as our home for the Pac-12 schools (Cal, Stanford, ASU, UA, UW, USC and UCLA) and Tavern has worked out great for our alumni groups.
Their sports manager and probably manager-extraordinaire, Neina, has been great in making sure our game is on TV and with our own rom, setting us with great servers and drink specials and even spoiling us by advertising the place as a Pac-12 bar.
Come out to watch your Pac-12 schools play this Fall!It was alright..(when I walked in)..UNTIL 3:00 on a Sunday and they're out of Guinness. Having recently been to a few local breweries, I was hoping for a good selection....no dice.This place is an awful scam. You are paying cover to go hang out in a shitty basement. There are three bathroom stalls for women in the entire place, so (a) it's disgusting, and (b) you will spend a LOT of time in line. The bathroom attendant for the male restroom will let women in if they tip extra -- ladies, don't fall for it -- it's just part of a money-making scheme. The attendant will take your money, and then the bouncers will promptly kick out  you (AND your friends, who weren't even in the bathroom) so that they can clear some space for the next people in line, collect more cover, and repeat...Indifferent bartender. Hadn't heard of most of the cocktails we requested and didn't have half the ingredients! Most of the drinks on their menu needed pineapple juice n they ran outta that at 6pm during happy hour on a slow Tuesday! Didn't quite enjoy the ambiance either, it was way too bright for a sports bar. 
On the 'bright' side, huge portion of fries for a mere 3 bucks!
Wouldn't go back again, not even for the fries!Recommended by some locals who said this was "The Place!". Don't believe the locals! After walking in and saying hello three or four times I walked into the kitchen scaring the cook who asked what I wanted. A bartender! No bartender around so the cook ran to get her. I ordered a beer and took a look around. Not much to appreciate in this place. Bartender disappeared for a while. Came back just in time to get me another beer and ask if I wanted food. When in Philly you eat cheesesteak right? Wrong! Prepackaged meat microwaved to melt the cheese and over salted fries. Disappointing to say the least. Bartender disappears again until her friend came in to chat around the corner. She brought me another beer and took the remains of my food. Again, don't listen to the locals!! Beer was cold though. That's worth two stars!Half off drinks is a pretty sweet deal... Except it's hot, sweaty, overcrowded, and has terrible service. I came here for an event on Friday evening and stood at the bar for 20 minutes while the bartender overlooked me and served a bunch of men who came to the bar after I did. I was at the very front just standing there trying to order, but was ignored time and time again. I even tried leaning forward to catch the bartenders attention, but he instead decided to make fun of me and ask another person for their order. What the ****?!I can't believe he still had a job. I decided to move to another side of the bar and was served immediately by a very nice man. Thank you for redeeming one star for your business. Never coming back.I've had nothing but great experiences at Tavern on Broad.  I hosted my first Arts and Drafts (facebook.com/artsanddraftsphilly) event in May and they were very accommodating.
I tend to go to this place for happy hours because they're 1/2 off drafts.  The food is pretty good, especially the Thai glazed chicken wings.
If you sign up for their happy hour list, they might draw you for a free happy hour on a friday night for 4 hours where you drink for free and all of your friends get half off drinks and appetizers.  If you can get in on one of these, they're an excellent way to try some of the food and atmosphere (if I ever get one it'll certainly be a yelp event)!Here on a Friday for a post-season kickball party.  Ok DJ. Not good enough to get the whole crowd jazzed to dance or amp up the party vibe in the bar.  Drinks were decent. They gave us some lame "specials" for bringing in 40+ people. One free drink and then you can have the normal Friday specials like everyone else. Woo. Neat. For 100$  of food money we got fries and bbq wings from 8-11.  It was enough to make my night out decent, but I'm not itching to come back and praise them with my business.This is a decent sports bar smack in the middle of the city.  The staff is friendly and the service is good.  I didn't eat there but plenty of people did.  
They say the " cater to all sports fans", not just Philly fans, and when I asked to change a TV to a different game, they did. The crowd was relaxed and started to pick up after the Phillies game let out.Checked in here for the first annual Philly Food fest. Had the Tavern fries. If all the food is as good as these I wish we could have eaten more. But this is a restaurant crawl so have to save room. Anthony was greatI was there tonight only for one drink. It was during the week and therefore really quiet and only few people were at this place.
Bartender was very friendly.
Really entertaining was the live music.
I will definitely come back to this place and try again. The location is perfect at Broad Street.Went to watch my alma mater on College Game day. What can I say? It is what it is: a rode-hard-and-put-away-sweaty basement sports bar in Center City. A variable mix of craft and big brewery on tap? Sure. Microwaved frozen pretzel bites served with reheated canned cheese... for $9? Why not! At least I was comp'd a beer, which softened the blow of my team losing.
Doubt I'll be a regular. But never say never.Gross, stinky like beer and badly mixed well drinks. I haven't had the food but I think i'll pass.After going to this place twice, my friends and I have decided we will not be going back. 
The first time I went was for Tavern's 1 year-anniversary open bar (free) and the 2nd was this past Saturday because a friend of mine had one an open bar party (free for him, 1/2 price drinks for friends)
My first experience there gave me a very good indication of the type of service they provide - SHITTY.  I have been to many open bars before, and most times I am satisfied with the drinks I order and am not disappointed by the lack of liquor in them.  The bartenders at Tavern, for the most part, do not know how to make a drink properly.  There was one bartender who was generous with her pouring, but overall, the drinks were weak.
The second time I went, my 1/2-priced drinks were extremely disappointing.  My friends and I felt like were drinking straight-up soda the entire night and felt we didn't get our money's worth - even for half price.  The icing on the cake was when a friend of mine went up to the bar and ordered shots for his friends and told the bartender to pour a shot for herself as well.  The bartender proceeded to pour my friend his three shots, a half a shot for herself, and another shot for her own friend, ALL of which were charged to my friend's tab.  He should have contested this at the time, but as we all know female bartenders have the tendency and ability to take advantage of slightly inebriated male patrons and he did not complain.  I am complaining, however, because I want to prevent the good citizens of Philly and the surrounding areas from having similar experiences.  There are plenty of other establishments in the city where you can get decent drinks for reasonable prices. 
Don't waste your time at Tavern, you will end up sober and annoyed.Getting hurried by some surly gentleman with an earpiece because I'm blocking the flow path is idiotic when I'm standing next to a drink rail.  When there is a drink rail, notably one that wraps around a support pillar, it's meant to have people stand and congregate in that area.  Who's idea was it to build a DJ booth as large as an elephant adjacent to the entrance anyway?  On top of that, a frat party.  I've had to re-evaluate my life afterwards.Don't go to this place goodluck getting a drink bartenders were rude and the place was too packed to even attempt to get a drink, and they charge a cover. Stay away.I arrived at Tavern on Broad about 5pm on a Sunday with an old man and a baby.  They sat us in a corner behind a wall (hey, they put a baby in the corner).  We then waited for service.  About ten minutes passed before I went to the bar and got drinks for us.  The bartender took my order and it took another ten minutes for him to get our drinks.  When the bartender returned, he had some excuse about the GM telling him to do something.  I found it amazing that there were 5 bartenders, the bar was not full and I waited ten minutes.  I had a Golden Monkey, the old man had a Lagunitas IPA and the baby had something with vodka (not really).  When I returned, the waitress still had not showed so, I went to the hostess stand and asked her if we needed to place the orders at the bar.  The hostess said that the waitress should be there any minute.  The waitress did show up about five minutes after that.  The old man and I had the rib eye tacos and the baby had pita and hummus.  The food was decent.  The service was terrible.
Mike Jerrick from Fox 29 was there.  From what I could see, he received better service than us.  We were going to ask him to sign the baby.  We ended up not asking.I have NO idea why Tavern on Broad received so many bad reviews. I was there 12-4-14 for the first time.The food was GREAT, the bar was well stocked with plenty of variety, staff were very nice, and quick. The crowd was nice, the place was very clean. I like their unique use of rooms. What I did not like is, for me to get there, I have to drive around City Hall, quite an adventure. But I really liked the place.Perfect Sport Bar to Watch the Eagles! First of all this place is attached to the Hyatt at Bellevue Hotel which is Beautiful. So we didn't have to even walk outside in the freezing cold. We were able to walk inside to inside! We are watching he Eagles Playoff game here and the vibe is electrifying, the people are awesome, the staff are on point and very professional. I highly recommend this place!Let's see:
- friend tried to organize a surprise birthday party for her boyfriend and was promised half price drinks, a private area, and no cover. When we got there, no one knew anything about it and the rather large party ended up shoved into a small room with drunk assholes who were real jerks about the entire situation.
- shitty drink specials.
- scattered service, it was IMPOSSIBLE to track someone down at first
- smelled like a cloud of sweat and Axe
- probably a fire violation with the amount of people they shoved in there
- awful, nasty crowd
In short, there was not one thing enjoyable about the entire experience.Finally decided on giving this a try with a $50 coupon from Philly Dealyo and a lack of inspiration to cook. Hadn't been here since it was Zansibar Blue. 
Front bar was full of people who looked like they stopped by here for happy hour. They shoved a group in the "pink room". Weird. 
Beer selection was ok. Food wasn't great, but wasn't awful, either. The place looked like it was going to be packed for the Thursday Eagles game. Our waitress was attentive enough. 
Around 7, when we were leaving, everyone was as well. The place emptied out, which befuddled me. They have plenty of TVs, and plenty of room. 
I'd go back for a Flyers game or Phillies game. The fact that the place was emptying out before the Eagles game possibly meant that there wasn't going to be a lot of energy.Watched WS game 2 at Tavern on Broad. I had not previously been there since the Zanzibar Blue days, never actually made it to the Speakeasy. Anyway, like Greg L., I found myself there because a friend of mine said it was a decent spot to watch the game. Our first choice was McGillan's, but as we expected it was overflowing by 6 pm. The Fox and the Hound has too many out-of-town fans for my liking, despite the close proximity to my home. Anyway, the positives to Tavern on Broad where their draft specials, which included a 5-8 pm half-off happy hour special, then from 8-12 was $2.50 domestics. Craft drafts for $2.50 for a few hours then switching over to the light stuff to finish out the night was nice. I believe their 5-8 happy hour is every weeknight, but the 8-12 special was probably related to the game, we didn't ask. The crowd was mixed and into the game, which was cool.  By the time the game started the place was packed.
I looked at their website and it looks like they are trying be a nightclub on the weekends, at which point you will not find me there. Their TVs were serviceable for the game, but something was causing them to have a wavy distortion. During commercials they played pop music, which was fine. The acoustics were good when playing music, but not so much for the game. It was hard to hear much of the broadcast.
We also ordered some food which was just average. The bright spot was their hand-cut fries which were nice to munch on during the game. The bartenders were very friendly,  Marissa, I believe her name was, took very good care of us, almost too good by how quickly my beers were being replenished-then drained-it's the WS, my nerves were wrecked!
I am tempted to give it a 4 for the cheap beers and great bartending, but due to the atmosphere being a little on the generic side, I am going to say 3. I will likely return to Tavern on Broad for a happy hour sometime in the future.Overall, this place was a blast! I enjoyed the music and drinks. I didn't get to try the food but the prices seemed reasonable.This place is absolutely amazing! Their bottomless mimosa deal was awesome, and the staff provided phenomenal service!!! We came here for brunch and the food was delicious. I love it here! Next time I'm in Philly, I'm 100% coming back!Went for a night of drinking and dancing.  Very long, cold line.  Door guy insisted on splitting our group up.  $10 cover (for what?), $3 coat check, fairly expensive drinks?  I actually enjoyed some of the music the DJ played, but it was nothing out of the ordinary.  The floors were so slick with beer and broken bottles that I'm surprised I survived the evening.  One extra star because I was so drunk that I had fun and they had Dogfish Head on tap.I was at Tavern on their opening night, and had a lot of fun. My friend and I enjoyed cheap Three Olives drinks, and the staff was all friendly and excited to be there. 
I was there the next weekend, and it was way more crowded. It was still a good time, but the bar was a terrible disappointment. There was a special on draft Miller Lite, but the taps were not working. The waitress said she could give me bottles instead, so I asked to make sure I would be getting them at the special price. (I believe it was $3 at the time.) She said yes, absolutely. I get my bar tab later and she had been charging me the $5 bottle price all night. "That's ok," I thought, "because I still had a good night." 
Fast-forward to Game 5 of the Phillies v. Dodgers game. My roommate called ahead to reserve a table, was told she was all set. We arrive and were immediately told our table had been given to another party, and that no tables were available. "Should have just gone to the Piazza," my friend said. No kidding. The price difference at the bar was the same. They ran out of glasses, or whatever the case was, and could only serve bottles. There were no specials on the bottles, only on drafts, which conveniently could not be given out. I was still excited to be watching the game with so many Phillies fans, and since we won, I don't have the heart to give Tavern a shitty review. 
In the future, an emphasis should be placed on customer service. This bar is looking to fill itself to max capacity but by giving away reserved tables and not offering the special price to bottles when there is a technical issue on the bar's end does not keep customers coming back. Treat us a little better, and we're likely to return. I'm not sure if or when I'll be going back to Tavern. I'll be watching the Phillies play the Yankees elsewhere, that's for sure.Great location, however terrible customer service. Drinks came out wrong twice, menu listed items that did not exist and no soda products available for mixed drinks but ginger ale. Can't speak on the food as we left after the drinks took 20 minutes to come out and after asking if we wanted to keep them anyway came back and said "by the way" you have to pay for them!I was stuck in the city Saturday night after working all day & not wanting to take the trip to the shore, a friend suggested I come out with her and her friends for a this happy hour she won.  I decided to go seeing as how i desperately NEEDED a drink after my day.  I had never been there before so wasnt sure of what to expect but i was presently surprised.
The door girl was super friendly upon walking in, and contrary to other reviews I read on here knew exactly who my friend was when we said her name.  We all got wristbands and proceeded to the bar.  The bartenders were fast and efficient but not in that "im so busy im gonna rush u" kinda way.  The music was decent having a mix of everything played.  For a saturday in the city i was really surprised how packed it was & people kept coming in.  My drink special ended around 11/1130 or so but the drinks were still reasonably priced.   
The dance floor managed to become a disaster throughout the night, as they usually do because of all the drunken fools spillin their drinks - but the people watchin was worth the price of having to watch my step.  It seemed pretty big as it had a bunch of different rooms, and two different bars.  
I left at about 130 which is when most people seemed to be closing their bar tabs and headed home.  over all i was pleased with the place, ill be back in the fall for sure.I am giving this two stars, simply based on the fun challenges with the Quizzo game night, and the company I had, and cool crowd I met. We were all there for a Meetup, which was fun, but I ordered some loaded fries from the menu, and asked the bartender specifically what was in them as I am allergic to many things. She stated ingredients that I am able to eat, and assured me that there was nothing I am allergic to in it. Wrong! 
 Guess who woke up covered in hives the next morning? And the Quizzo night sucked. Who does an ENTIRE Quizzo based around Saved by the Bell? Ask some legit questions ,dude! Nobody cares about that show,and the people that got the perfect score Googled everything anyway. We all saw them. The challenges made it more fun, which is why you got two stars.
 And yes, the bartenders are quite surly and a bit rude. They could at least try to be nice to the people that pay for things and tip them.Nice place for a drink and to watch the game. They fill in music during the commercials, which is a nice touchDirt cheap happy hour specials.  Half priced drinks.  Not really my crowd.  Lots of college kids on a Saturday night.  On the other hand there were lots of hot girls.  YEAAAHHH buddy!
I'll get to the point.  As hard as they really try to turn this place into a club at nights it will still and always be a tavern.  The bartender was nice but they charged me full price on drinks 5-10 mins before the special ended!  I heard they do that a lot here so be warned.This place is fun on a Saturday night and even for Dueling Pianos (they have live bands there every Wednesday Night). We recently went there since TOB was hosting a Scavenger Hunt for LLS. It was overall a good time, but there should've been more clues/games in between each bar for the Scavenger Hunt. At the end of the Scavenger Hunt Bar Crawl... TOB offered a complimentary open bar but didn't have enough food for everyone. The day before they posted that they sold 150 tickets... so they should've planned it accordingly.If you're a child of the 80s or 90s, the music selection will provide serious entertainment and perhaps an improv dance party.
I've had plenty of good times with friends here. It's not always my first choice, but it rarely disappoints. Beware, though, that it's notoriously crowded and sweaty. Drinks are affordable, and plenty of people having a good time.Let me start off by saying I have never been here for a Friday or Saturday night when this place is apparently much different than a Sunday afternoon for NFL games.
I went from having the NFL ticket when I lived at home, to not even having cable at my apartment here in Philly. That was the most drastic adjustment of my life! However, Tavern on Broad offers the Sunday ticket so I can still catch a bunch of games (including my Vikings). Food is decent, service is pretty awful, though! 
On my last trip I was at a table near the bar and a waitress was supposed to come around, she never did. The bartender was great and did way more work than he needed to and gave us a free round of beers because of the big mess that is the service here.I've been twice for a half price happy hour. Both experiences, with two completely different groups of people, were awful. The drinks weren't bad, and neither was the atmosphere and music, but the bartenders were horrendous. They ignored us on both occasions, serving those without wristbands first and texting instead of attending to us. When they finally acknowledged us, it was with a seriously nasty attitude. Again, this happened on two separate occasions. I've never experienced such horrible customer service and will not return.Used to come here a lot with friends from college to chill since they have big booths and decent prices, however, over the last year or so the place has really gone down hill. 
Long lines for no reason, packed with frat/yuppie garbage on the weekends and it takes forever to get a drink even with the two bars. 
Sure the free happy hours are nice, if you get them, but it really isn't worth it otherwise. The staff is rude, they don't ever have their liquor stocked so they're constantly running out of things to make drinks/shots.This review is written more for the game watching/party experience and less for the food and drinks.
I've been to Tavern a few times for an alumni game watching party.  The guy there who handles these things is really friendly, helps us with any requests, and is a pretty funny guy too.  There are two rooms in the back that are usually reserved for alumni groups.  So we basically have an area to ourselves, and the best thing is that we can actually hear the game!  The waiters/waitresses are friendly and attentive and don't complain about breaking large bills (sorry!).  
One thing about this place is that the food and drinks are a little more expensive than what you would expect.  Even during their football specials, the best deal is $3 Coors Light...yeah, like I said, not that good.  During normal hours, a typical beer like Yuengling costs $5!!  So it's probably best if you go during happy hour / football.  Also, at night, the place turns into a dance club!!!  So if you're in the bar before then, you don't have to pay a cover (not that I would pay $5 to get in there anyway).
One last tip: do not, under any circumstances, park in the Bellevue lot next door.  The tavern proprietor offers validated tickets, but these are only half price, and even then, you'll be paying more than another lot a few blocks away.  Trust me, take my advice, you'll thank me.I've been out here a couple of times on weekend nights, and have always had an average time. Last week, one of my co-workers won an open bar, so a few of us headed over. I was shocked to find out that it wasn't just her who drank for free, we all drank for free for the first hour! They also had a nice selection of $5 apps- we had loaded fries, spinach dip, and chicken fingers. They were all good, better than I expected. The dip and fries were big portions, but there were only 3 chicken fingers on the plate, which seemed a little skimpy. The free drinks alone would bring me back- thanks Tavern!The ONLY reason I went was because of the $25 gift certificate I bought for $1 at ! And I'm glad I used it so I won't ever have a reason to go back. We went around happy hr Friday . My drink was extremely weak, beef sliders were over cooked, honey BBQ sliders tasted boiled, the spinach artichoke dip tasted like plain spinach and the crab cake sliders were missing something. The buffalo wings were so effortless my 2 year old could have made them! Overall, unsatisfied but not disappointed because all of the reviews read pretty much said the same so I'm not surprised. If you're thinking about going, DON'T EVEN THINK ABOUT IT! ( the menus and some chairs were literally busted and I didn't really want to touch them)One word: Disappointed. I came here last year and really had a great time so this year I planned my birthday around this bar. My group of friends and I purchased the $25 call drink wristband  special from 10pm-12am last night. Giving them the benefit of the doubt the Eagles playoff game was on and the bar was packed. However, that does not mean the bartenders and hostesses are allowed to be rude. I can't complain because as the birthday girl my wristband was free, but as for ten of my closest friends who paid I have to get this off my chest. When you pay specifically for "call" drinks not the "house" drink package you expect call drinks. All night we were constantly given house brand liquor and when we called them out they copped an attitude and continued on with their bartending. The girl seemed clueless on what was included in our package obviously. Maybe it was because she was pounding down shots herself and too drunk to realize. What kind of establishment is this? They were out of sprite? They do not carry Captain Morgan? The one girl made my friend pay $7 for a rum and coke even though she showed her wristband and they said it's not included? This place is a joke. Definitely has gone down hill in the last year. I will not be back. I am embarrassed I took my friends here and bragged so much about it from last year. Terrible service. Get new bartenders and hostesses. Maybe smile once in awhile.Was here on Sunday for their boozy brunch trivia. 
I liked the idea of trivia on a Sunday afternoon paired with brunch. The execution of the trivia was great and they offer bottomless mimosas, bloody marys, and domestic beer for $20 a person. Pretty great deal. 
However...the spicy chicken sandwich that I, along with half of our group ordered was easily the most over salted piece of chicken I ever had. Also, the amount of red onion they put on the sandwich was almost comical (way to much). The food was a miss, but the cheap drinks and good trivia made this a fun day.This place is filthy!   Everything was sticky and fruit flies all over the place John Taffer would have a shit fit!  I cannot even imagine since it's underground the rodent situation!  The only reason why I'm giving two stars is it's CHEAP!The "Have a drink on us" ticket was effective. I'd forgotten to check this place out until I was approached by a lady in the park. I didn't acutally use the ticket though, because the beer I wanted wasn't domestic. The waitress told me up front what the drink ticket would get you. 
The atmosphere: Sports bar. Men in suits (happy hour crowd) and TV's with sports everywhere. They have attractive waitresses and they're very nice and efficient.  We joked about the music being 90's rock friendly until a man with a guitar got took a little stage between two flat screen TV's and started to sing. It wouldn't have been bad but it was surprisingly loud and we couldn't have a conversation while he was playing without yelling. 
Happy hour consisted of half price drafts.  On draft they have the basic domestics but they also had Victory Twilight (I'm enjoying that beer very much this week), Harpoon's UFO and another 1 or 2 craft beers that I can't remember.
The food: The menu consists of sandwhiches under $10 and a few entree items for around $12.  I had the mahi mahi sandwich and enjoyed it very much.  It was on a potato roll (I think) which was neither too big nor too small (a pet peave I have with sandwiches). 
The bathrooms:  I'm not a fan of bathroom attendants.  I don't want to pay to use the bathroom because someone handed me a paper towel. But the nice older lady in the women's room was a delight. I would tip her a dollar just for being such a nice lady even if I didn't eat her antacids or use her bath and bodyworks spray.i've been here before with family and friends and we've had a good time. the drinks and music are pretty good. however, friends and i tried coming in for happy hour on a friday night recently and experienced absolutely terrible service. we arrived at 6:30, in plenty of time to make the 7 p.m. happy hour cutoff. we sat and waited to be served and tried ordering drinks at the bar; unfortunately we weren't successful with getting anyone's attention to take our order until 7:02 p.m. it almost felt like it was intentional because we finally ordered our drinks and were told "sorry, happy hour's over." we argued that we'd been there for a half hour waiting for a server or bartender and they basically told us "too bad," so we left. i'll only be back if friends want to go there or there's an event. way too frustrating and not at all worth it!Subterranean and dark, with a fully-stocked bar.  What more do you need?Bar was okay, but was charged $60 on a $22 tab. Server wrote in $38, instead of $8 tip (which is over 20% anyway). Multiple attempts to talk to the manager was met with indifference. Will not go again.Went to Tavern on broad last night at 730 740 pm and they kept everybody in line until 8pm to pay the cover charge for the fight. I have an emaiI thread from the manager specifically saying it was FREE before 8 PM (emailed chain from manager) planned my whole night around that and then they did what they said they wouldn't. It was ridiculous. Really irritated that they went back on the word. Me (and my ten friends) will never go to tavern on broad again. Whether tavern on broad cares if not it made the bar look very unprofessional.I would give this place 0 stars based on every visit I have paid this place. The waiters are extremely rude, same for the people behind the bar. It seems like they don't realize they work in the service industry. 
Food and drink specials are good. I will not go back here though since the service is so awful.Hey bro, wanna go be bros at TOB?  Maybe we can wear our plaid shirts.  Maybe we can make confrontational faces when bumped accidentally.  And maybe we can score some hot chicks with our bro-tastic attitudes.  
Some bro bouncers will be so super serial and unpleasant that they overreact over bottlenecks and where you stand to chat.  And since we're bros we don't have to worry about the 20 minute bathroom line to get in the ladies room.  
Speaking of ladies, let's try to bro it up with chicks dancing to Taylor Swift and The Wanted.  Love bro-stepping to some 6 month old Top 40 beats.While walking outside, a woman offered us 2 free drink coupons so we figured we'd give it a try.
The free drink coupons were for well drinks and regular beers (Bud, Miller, etc) which we found out after we ordered, but it was no big deal. The bartender was great with suggestions (my second drink was a screwdriver with pineapple juice) and very attentive. 
We only stayed for 2 drinks apiece, but I'd stop back again if I was in the area.Really cool bar but just didn't manage to impress us. The place is huge and would be perfect for game day with a large group. Unfortunately the food took forever to come out and it was cold.. Only a few people in the entire place. Our waitress was sweet but there were problems with her attention level. Food came out, but we had no silverware, or side plates etc. I ordered the cheesesteak and it was dry and cold. My friends received chilly burgers. However, the cheesesteak egg rolls were fantastic, one highlight!GREAT FOOD, LOTS OF NICE BEERS.... BUUUTTTTT
They always seem to have great specials.  If these specials actually existed, I would give this place 5 stars.  Unfortunately this place advertises specials and then doesn't honor them.  The DJ will be announcing what the special is, but the bartenders act like they never heard of the specials.  I would say, if you're going here, make sure you know what the specials are, and make sure when you order/pay for your drinks you are getting the specials.  
They will be sneaky, and say they have specials during all phillies games, but if it rains half way through the game and the game is delayed for 30 minutes, they won't offer the special during the rain delay.
Or on your first round of drinks you will get the special being advertised, and on the second round you get a different bartender, and they don't give it to you. When you confront them they always say "Let me just buy you a round." rather than trying to fix your bill.If i wrote this review based on the time I've actually been there, I would say 3 stars. 
Like others have said, this place doesn't know if it wants to be a club or a sports bar. 
The half that is a sport bar is pretty bad. It had bad view angels from most places. I had a spot at the bar but the bartender kept ignoring me, even after seeing my hand (with money in it) and making eye connect.
The club area wasn't that interesting. It was barely light not many people dancing.
Why am I giving it one star? because this is the second or third  time I've gotten a text message from this place. I never gave them my number ever! There doesn't seem to be away to remove myself from the list either. No "reply with 'stop' to let us know we're harassing you".This place is the epitome of a college bro bar. Everyone is always hammered and I feel like an argument outside is a prerequisite for being there.You people are crazy I LOVE tavern on broad my friends and family always have fun there. It's usually not too crowded, they always have the beer we want, and the food is good (especially the wings). Not sure what everyone's complaining about its a TAVERN not XIX or Rouge, get off your high horse. A few weekends ago some couple had all their friends there after the wedding and they were all so much fun. Always good vibes here and the staff are generally friendly.First of all, tavern has lost my business. 
Went here for the eagles/chiefs game. I've been here before and normally it's no issue to seat yourself. No dice this time. 
The person I assume is the manager barks at us "see my hostess". 
We go see her. She passes us off to a server. We get taken to a table, but no eagles game in view. We ask if we can go to an open table, but were told its for others. We ask to be seated somewhere we can watch the game again. 
Suddenly a new group goes to the open table. She goes over. They ask if they can sit there. She says "yes". 
Ok, she's nervous whatever. We ask if we can be seated at the bar, though there are no chairs. She says she will go looking for them. We talk to the bartender who is cool. 
We wait. One stool is brought over. 10 minutes pass and she does not show up again. 
I go find her, obviously avoiding us, I ask I if she found any more. She replies negatively. At that point, I went to my friends. Told them she stopped and didn't plan to tell us. 
The cool bartender offered us shots, we said no and left. 
This is my experience. Inexperienced servers and a lack of a customer first attitude. It's been nice ToB.This place has a cool laid back atmosphere. Service is nice, servers are nice, food is good,  GOOD LOCATION and hands down the best happy hours.Came here on happy hour. The nachos were cheap on all accords and the atmosphere was really sketchy. Good wine though, for $4 a glass I couldn't complain about that. The waitress was superb and kept our glasses full and always came back when we needed her. Good service, wouldn't come here again or alone. Too sporty for me.I've been to tavern on broad several times, mostly when people have won happy hours or for games. Food has been decidedly average, and service is spotty at best. On weekends they apparently charge cover. It's not much - usually 5 bucks - but why would you pay cover at a bar with average drinks/food, poor service, and bouncers with attitude when you have plenty of other options within a 5 minute walk. Don't waste your time.Large bar area with lots of space, good music for a sports bar.  The food is nothing to come back for, but there is plenty of space and it does fill up.  Cheap drinks keep the crowd pretty well lubricated, I feel like it's a frat party for recent college grads and mid 30's professionals.Absolutely the worst place I have ever been. The bartenders (all female) have the worst attitudes and remind me of the chicks from the Jersey shore (not a compliment by the way). They are on their phones texting behind the bar more than they are bartending. They have 1/2 off Happy Hour, but their pour is so short (for all of you in the biz....literally almost a 2 count), you have to order twice as many. Several times they did not know how to make an ordered drink and stated they did not have liquor that was actually just on a higher shelf. All in all, if the bartenders would lose their  attitude stay off their phone and actually do some work,  it would be a more enjoyable experience.Probably not worth you time unless you've managed to win a happy hour.  Even if someone you know won the happy hour, it might not be worth your time.  The "well drinks" are pretty much water.  The beer selection is average.  Wait times seem a bit excessive.  Finally, the layout can make it difficult to get to the main bar, however, I'll give them credit for having multiple areas and bars.
Overall, I've been here on several occasions and have never been overwhelmed (on the positive side) and will probably only return when a large group of friends insist on coming (because they all won free happy hours).Is this a sports bar?  Is this a club?  Is this a 1980s fraternity party?  I went here recently on the weekend and it felt like I was chaperoning a mixer between the Alpha Betas and Pi Delta Pi.  Even a few Omega Mus snuck in.  Not even a rap from Lamar Latrell could save my night.  
Okay, I'll stop.  Poor lighting, table placement, service, etc.  Seriously, this place isn't worth it unless you are with a large group of your own friends, don't pay the inexplicable cover, and get a happy-hour bracelet that gets you cheaper drinks than usual.  After the special ends, leave.  ASAP.  Incidentally, I had one of those bracelets and asked the bartender for a Jack and Diet.  He studied me and said "we only offer generic whiskey for that type of drink with your special."  Huh?
Shout-outs to my homeys, Lewis, Gilbert, and Booger.This place is ok if you come during the week. Largest order of fresh cut fries you'll ever get for $3.  Good for after work drinks if you're with a large group- since there is a lot of seating. Food otherwise is ok bar food-large portions etc. 
Come on a Friday, and you may be dissapointed the music is so loud you can't have a conversation...but if you're into screaming conversation and poor service...I went to Tavern on Broad yesterday for lunch. I met a friend for lunch who had been there before for happy hour. We had the $5 lunch special which was cheeseburger with choice of fries or salad. We both got salad. The food was tasty our server was very helpful. We couldn't decided between the lemon vinagarette and the feta so she gave us both. I would go again for lunch. I have to say $5 a quality lunch in Center City is hard to find.It's a nice bar downtown. It has a lot of space. It can get crowded at times like when I went after the Villanova National Championship Parade, but its a good bar.This is definitely one of my top five bars to hit up on the weekend. I've been going to Tavern ever since I moved to Philadelphia. I love the staff--they're always attentive, courteous, and outgoing. I've been to several other bars in the area where I've had to wait 20 minutes to get a bartender's attention, but the Tavern employees stay on their game. 
The drink specials are great and I love the food. The establishment itself is HUGE. There are normally two bars going, there's a dining area where you can relax without having to fight the crowd and an awesome lounge area. 
Overall, if you're looking for a bar where you can dance, meet some new people, or just relax, I'd say hit up Tavern.Came here this past Saturday.  Walked in and apparently I walked back in time to my early 20's.  Finally ordered a beer after being ignored at the bar for 10 minutes. Looked around and saw all the same type of characters I avoided when I was 22.  Drank said beer. Left. 
Bye Felicia.Poor customer service and unprofessional managers pretty much sums up my experience here. It's cheap, but so is the service. Have fun.Karaoke tuesdays! So fun! Great bartenders & fun atmosphere. The karaoke guy is hilarious. Great place to get drunk, sing, and dance.OK, this place was a disaster.  
My friend "won" some drawing for a night of free drinks and appetizers for her, from 6pm to 11pm, and half-off all drinks and apps for anyone she brought until 8pm, and then just half-off their drinks until 11pm.  For every 10 people she bought, $25 was to be put toward the tab.  
At least that's what she was told.  
When we first arrived there, at 6pm, we had to wait around for about 25 minutes while they figured out who the hell we were, which for some reason took about 25 minutes while we stood around awkwardly.
After finally getting seated in a large area, the waiter seemed put off about the fact that we'd have people joining us later, and told us we should just order at the bar.  Yet, when we ordered at the bar, the bartender said, "What are you doing?  Why is he having you order food here?"  I don't know man, just tell us how to order and we'll order.  They never sorted that out, and for a while, we'd either have to wait at the bar for our food, or periodically send someone up to the bar to grab the food and carry it back to our table.  
After this, someone noticed that it was was happy hour until 8pm, and *everyone's* drinks were half off.  Then what's the point of our drink special?  So we asked the bartender if we got half off the half off, to which he said, "Oh, yes, it's only 25%."  After ordering more drinks, a different bartender says he thinks that's wrong, and then another one shoots it down all together, saying, "You're paying as much as everyone for their drinks, but everyone's special here."  Which is, A) Lame; and B) We had been ordering drinks thinking they were at a hugely discounted price!
We soon learned other contingencies of the "special."  The free drinks that my friend had won did not include shots, and the half off was only on well drinks and house wine, and 8pm to 9pm was a dead zone in the night where none of these specials applied.  Why were the rules suddenly changing so much?
During this "dead zone" of 8pm-9pm, the half-off all drinks special went away, but select draft beers were $1.  A bunch of us ordered these beers since we didn't have a special during this hour, but after ordering the beers the price was erased from the blackboard and changed to $2 - but then as soon as we paid for the beers we had ordered which suddenly cost us $2, the price was erased and changed back to $1.  
And then my friend was to get $50 put toward her tab there due to bringing in 20 friends, but they wouldn't give it to her that night, and weeks later she is having trouble getting the $50 because they are making her talk to a specific person there who is impossible to track down.
All and all it was a bad experience, the bartenders and waitstaff kept changing the rules and seemed to hold some level of contempt for our party, the food was unpalatable, and aside from all that the aesthetic of the place was .... not good.  Avoid.My friend's girlfriend rented a room for his 21st, and our party had a great time. The service was great and having a separate room made the night. The bar was packed with a large dance floor. Overall, a great bar!Sam was the best security guard of my life hands down made that place great. We had a great time downstairs and will be coming backRude, when have an open bar question every drink you got. Horrible service. Horrible lighting, if you're going to have a seating area then really light it up. This was my first and last time at this place.I pop in and out of here every now and then. I'm not really a fan of the atmosphere and the prices are just a little high. It's very clean and wants to be classy but it's lacking the ability to define what type of bar it is. It isn't a sports bar and it isn't just a wealthy persons establishment. I will usually only stay for one drink when I am in the area, but then I get bored and leave. The food is "just ok" and not worth what you pay for it.  Wednesdays they will run a special but it's not enough to drag me out there. If they would actually have some volume on the TV's during the sports games and let you hear the game I think it would bring some excitement and business. Instead they might have a DJ that will drown out your own voice and it is too loud for such a small area then.  Finally I would add a walk up space to the front corner of the bar so that when there is people sitting all around, the patrons who are at the outer tables can still walk up and grab a drink.I have no idea what the attraction to this place is. The wait was long, the food was horrible, and they have one of the most arrogant bartenders I have ever experienced! They called him "Gal". My friends and I won't be going back. Philly can do better. The Health Dept needs to pay them a visit.We came to watch Eagles game after the Rock and Roll Marathon and were pleasantly surprised with this place. We were seated in the Jamison Room and watched the game. Food was served promptly along with the beers. The GM, Jimmy was all about customer service which is so important to me. We'll definitely come back again. Thanks Jimmy for everything!It is what it is.  Good beer, sub-par service, and average food.  Will I go back?  Probably, but that's because there is cheap beer and seems to be the place of choice for all the organizations I belong to.  This time out, I had the salmon burger.  It actually was decent.  I asked for the tartar sauce on the side because I don't usually like it, but always willing to try.  Of course it came on the burger, so I tried it, and yup, it was bad.  It actually was not even tartar sauce.  It was mayo with something that didn't particularly add much flavor to the ill-fated condiment (yes, mayo stinks and only belongs on tuna fish and in aiolis that actually cover up the mayo flavor).  Anyway, I've had other things here like the hummus platter and trio of dips platter and both are pretty good.An OK back up plan for a happy hour. Although it definitely has a basement feel it's actually pretty big inside. There are quite a few happy hour and Sip specials. Although the arnold palmer and sangria i got from the special were pretty much alcohol free so just FYI. My shrimp tacos were pretty good but OMG the mac and cheese was amazing. It was all cheese with a few noodles with chicken and HUGE. Definitely recommend splitting it with a few people, a super guilty pleasure worth indulging in. There was also a random singer singing some classic 90s alt rock songs which was nice but way too loud. After 8pm the DJ starts up and the music really gets so loud you can not hear anything at all around you and that's when it seems to clear out as well.Best freaking bbq wings ive EVER had in philly. The wings were that delicate balance between meaty and crispy. The sauce was a sweet, spicy, perfect combination of saucy goodness. Being a cleveland native all i know is bbq....and these wings have their own place among some of my hometown favorites. Kudos tavern on broad!
Edit: forgot to shout out Megan! Our super cool host....bc of you and keith my bff wants to come back before she goes back to cleveland! LolI love this bar mainly because of memories I have here. A place of numerous crazy happy hours. A place where I've met Ms. N and fell in love with. A place of decent happy hour prices on food and drinks. Spacious, diversified customer base with private area available for reservation. Great place to watch sporting events on TVWent for a function on Thursday night and the place was PACKED. it was a little strange to have both super loud music (which encouraged dancing) and multiple televisions showing sports games (which gave the non-dancing male population something to do) going at the same time. For those who were interested in both--namely myself and few others--it was a little too much. We couldn't quite decide if we should find a table and sit down to watch the game or join the super-crowded dance mob between us and the bar. 
Other than the existential confusion I was confronted with, I was not pleased with the staffing arrangements. Despite the fact that there was a function in addition to the regular crowd, the bar didn't seem to have employed additional bartenders. They did open up the side bar later on in the night but the girl there only took large drink orders (e.g. from anyone who was going to open a tab) and pretty much ignored anyone else who just wanted a beer. Needless to say, the drink line got ridiculously long and I was not pleased.
Seemed like it would be a decent place to go to watch sports... might return at a later, non-function day to see how it is.
ps. They do take credit cards at the bar but it's a $20 minimum.Giving 1 star for friendly waitress & pub like atmosphere at bar area.  Zero stars for dining room area ambiance and food.  Menu is big and sounds good but serves really bad bar food.  Looked & tasted like the worst college cafeteria grade food you've ever been in. Burger was unidentifiable processed meat with grizzle balls & bad after taste. Frozen shoestring fries with canned processed cheese topping.  Appears to be a great bar spot for college age.  If your looking for great bar food in the city do not go here!If I could offer no stars, I would. But since that isn't the case I will offer an honest opinion. I planned my office holiday bar crawl and this was the 2nd stop along the route. I have friends who bartend here and have for years. My friends got flagged at the bar despite the fact that they had not had a drink prior to this location. A friend left her jacket in one of the booths that later was hosting a private party. The party was not there earlier when we arrived and we had left our jackets in the booth where they were sitting. I went past the bouncers to get the jacket that I had left and was physically accosted out of the section and the bouncers were saying "I told you your jacket was not here and now you need to leave. You disrespected me and there is the door." As I was walking toward the door I was called a "fucking dyke" behind my back as I was exiting the premisis. This was my first time at this location and will absolutely be my last. To John, the bouncer at the door, to use such vulgar language is appalling and uncalled for. Thank you for making me feel like a second class citizen amongst my peers and I will never go here again.The crowd of smokers and hangers-on who pollute the sidewalk outside of this speakeasy look like they ought to be on South Street in the single digits.  I've never seen more losers in one place wearing The North Face jackets (probably their nicest jacket, BTW!)  Yeah!  North Face! Yeah dudes! Let's do some car-bombs and drinks Jaegers and Lagers!  Yo let's snort some Oxys later!
Another embarassment to Philadelphia when upscale establishments have to coexist with honkytonks like this.If you are looking for a sports bar, look elsewhere.  I went there for the 1 NFL game of the season and the music was so loud during the game that you couldn't even talk to the person next to you let alone hear the game.
If you looking for a place with a fair number of attactive women then this place is fine, just as long as you don't mind waiting a very, very long time to get a drink.I came here looking for a friend one Saturday afternoon around 5pm or so. I walked down the stairs and two bouncers were standing at the podium. They did not greet me or anything but instead just stared at me, so I asked if there was a cover and they said no, asked if they wanted my id and they said no again. Okaaaay.... I did a lap around the place looking for my friend. Floors were sticky and wet. The place smelled of beer and puke. The frat parties in college were cleaner than this place. The restrooms were disgusting too. There were maybe 15-20 people scattered throughout the bar including some light groping on a secluded couch. Did I mention this was like 5pm? I asked the bartender if she had seen my friend (my friend stands out in a crowd) and even pulled up a pic on my cell but the bartender gave me a withering look and told me there is no way she could remember all of her customers on a busy night. Normally I'd sit down and order a drink while waiting on a friend but I felt so awkward here. I was so relieved when my friend texted me from a nearby bar and I left. This place is disgusting and I can't believe people would eat food here. I would never return. Worst bar ever. Save your money and go to a frat party.the few times over the years i have been here, it is a frat house inside and smells like b.o.! and wait there is food here?!? how can you even think of eating with that odor. i don't see the appeal. i only came again for a friends bday and because it was close to where we dined. wear shitty shoes if you come as they will be ruined by all the people knocking over beerWe had seen some less than favorable reviews and it almost prevented us from visiting. The reviews could not have been more wrong. We were seated promptly and our waitress Victoria was fantastic . The $5 burger was great. I will return next time I am in Philadelphia.All Yelp reviews should be taken with a grain of salt. However, 136 reviews averaging 2 stars should tell you something about the way a restaurant operates. 
Let's just go in order. 
1. Asked to be seated in front of the Browns game, hostess walked around aimlessly going into every weird random room looking for the game. A quality sports bar should know which game is on every TV
2. We find the game on our own, and waitress starts to take our order. She doesn't know if the Thai skewers, lettuce wraps, or deviled eggs are 86ed and tells us she'll check (we never hear back). 
3. We asked for a Titos and soda, she doesn't know if they carry Titos
4. We ask for which light beers they carry, she pauses for a second and then says, "ok so IPA? We have Sierra Nevada and Dogfish Head." Wat. 
5. We asked if she could wipe the table down bc it was sticky. She never does this. 15min later we ask the bartender for a bar rag and end up wiping it down ourselves. 
6. Drinks take 20min to come out. Normally this isn't a big deal, but they were dead inside and the service lapses that already took place just further prove this place doesn't have their shit together
7. We ask for a manager. When he finally arrives, we were clearly agitated and express our frustrations. He apologizes (barely) and we tell him at this point if the food isn't coming out in the next 5min, we're good. Keep in mind we've been there for around 40min at this point. 
8. He comes back to table, says food will be at least another 15min. We tell him forget it and we'll take a check. He kindly says don't worry about the check, we'll take care of it. Great, no problem. If that's all that would have happened we would have left, no review would have been written, and we would have gone on our way.
9. As we are leaving, we hear the table next to us tell the server, "at this point, forget it, just cancel our food order." This table was seated at their table well before us (they had alcoholic beverages on their table when we sat down).
10. As we walk by their table someone in our group overhears them cancel their food order and says, "I guess you had the same great service that we had." The guy at the table says "yep" we say "yep" and we continue to walk. The manager overhears this conversation and says to us "I know you had a bad experience here but do not talk to my customers."
That's great customer service ladies and gentlemen. This place has 2 stars for a reason. Don't patron this bar.The ipod DJ was horrible... Nickleback, EVE 6, really!?!
Went with a group of 6 around happy hour, what a unhappy hour it was. The service was just as bad as the music, lots of extra room in my glass where beer should have been. Many glasses filled with head to a bunch of lesbos, won't get you a good review on yelp.I come to Tavern on Broad because it is convenient and it's not impossible to get a seat on football Sundays.  I also occasionally hit up this spot when I want to get my sweaty dance party on.  
Football:  There are plenty of beers on tap, though only a few, if any craft beers, and more in bottles.  They usually have a decent drink special during the games and it's not impossible to get a seat.  It is in the basement of the Bellevue, so it's a bit depressing with the complete lack of windows, fresh air, etc.  If the Eagles are winning, I don't care.  If they are losing, I just pretend the bar is gloomy to fit my mood.      The food they have is pretty typical sports bar fare.  The hummus plate is my favorite, is surprisingly good and huge for the price.  It comes with roasted peppers, feta, olives and a ton of lightly grilled pita bread.  The wings are fine.
Club:  TOB turns into a packed dance club on Friday and Saturday nights later in the evening.  Every time I have been there for this, the DJ has been good, the crowd is fun, but the temperature is always stifling.  I'm sure they have no control over the temp since it's a huge building, but dear god that place needs some AC.  I would say average age tends toward early 20s, but you'll find people of all ages there getting crazy.
Sign up for their e-mail list and you'll win a free happy hour every few months.  Your friends get to drink for half price for three hours and you get free well drinks, house wine and beer.  They even let you take advantage of it on weekends.I think the bar is nice enough. When I lived in North Philly I used to walk down to catch games during football season. I love the placement of screens, the food is solid, but I wasn't huge on the beer selection. The crowd for games in the afternoon tended to be small but friendly. 
Other times this bar tends to pack in more people and they are some of the biggest douchebags you can find. It's stuffy and you wonder why you bothered. So while the service tends to stay around the same the people change, but I can't punish the bar too much for their patrons.TAVERN ON BROAD reviews are varied, but my recent dining experience was good. Three of us were off to the circus and we opted for a new place. Walking in, we let the hostess know we were on our way to a 7pm show and asked to be expedited. Our cheery waitress took our orders and brought our food without hassle and with much haste. We all had turkey burgers which were good. The mound of fries were tempting and good. We liked how we were treated. Our food was good and satisfying. What we liked best was the how the staff responded to us. Hostess: excellent, cheery and quite nice. Waitress: dazzling smile and eager we were happy and well-fed.  Manager: dropped by to say hello  which we really liked.  The crowd there was mixed ages and most at the bar watching sports. 
Although we are not into sports bars at all, my friend and I would certainly stop in again for a meal and know we would be well served in every way.This is the worst establishment in the Tri-State region. It smells so bad and is extremely dirty. Mine and my friend's phones got STOLEN DIRECTLY OUT OF OUR PURSES. All of my other friends' purses were unzipped by the culprits as well and the bouncers wouldn't even help us, rather give us attitude instead. I refuse to ever go back here unless I want to get my wallet stolen this time.Great atmosphere and tasty food. Kind of pricy, but the cheesesteak was very good. High quality meat and a lot of cheese. A great place to lounge around, watch the game, and hang out with friends.(Turn around)
Every now and then I think about this horrible bar and how freaking bad it is.
(Turn around)
Every now and then the bar calls my friend again and tells her she won a night of discounted drinks.
(Turn around)
Every now and then you'll realize that everyone that goes in that place wins a night of discounted drinks.  
(Turn around)
Every now and then we laugh at the foreign, possibly-a-food-object that was found in her discounted drink.
(Turn around)
Every now and then I thank jeebus that I didn't cut myself on the shards of glass laying on the bar and contract Hepatitis C. 
And I need to never go back in that place. I'll never go back ever. And even if the money was tight, it'd be better to stay sober forever. They also insisted that the final total on our tab was right when it was in fact wrong. 
Together we stood in a really long line. Then the waitress said we couldn't sit in the stupid bro room because of the time.
I really need you to not go there tonight!This place is fantastic. I went there a couple days after my birthday and got treated extremely well by the associates at Tavern. Sam and Tim hooked me and a group of people up with great deals and a great time! A great place to pregame and get the night ging the right way! And they had bangin' wings!Not sure why so many negative reviews to be honest.
Do you want to watch your game?  They have it playing.
Coming with a group and want reserved space, you can do it.
Want good prices, they have them.
Want cold beers, they'll give them to you.
Want to be around a crowd of sports fans, yep, check!
If you want a bunch of other stuff goto xfinity live instead.
Cheap.  Sports.  Bar.  What else were you expecting?I've been here several times during the daytime and have always had great service and food! It does get pretty loud and busy at night, but it is a bar.Ok, so I've been here twice.  It's kind of a schiesse-show.
It's pretty big for a bar.  They have two physical bars and a coat check.  One pool table in the back (where I like to hang out) and open spaces where spontaneous dance parties break out.  I know they charge a cover but I've never paid it.  Both times I've been here I was glomming onto a half price happy hour.
It's got a convenient location and a passable beer selection.  It's definitely the kind of place you want to go with a group and plan on getting a little crazy.  At the very least, the people watching is worth the price of admission.
So while I'm not here regularly, I appreciate it for what it is.I love Tavern on Broad. I've been here a few times (drinks only) and it's been nice. Good service, strong drinks, great vibe.We went here for a friends birthday, it was okay. It was easy access from the PATCO, which was nice.
Drink selection was subpar- not a ton of variety on tap.  Prices were average/ slightly pricier for drafts.
We did get food, and the quesadilla and loaded fries were great!  Service was super quick.
The atmosphere was interesting- we had a hard time fitting our big group, even in the large lounge area. Not a great place to dance or meet people.Cheap lunch special -not gourmet, but it's five dollars,so you can't complain. Atmosphere is good for happy hour, plus they often work with charities, which is a plus.Stopped in for a quick bite. Because the name was Tavern on the Broad, for a moment it had me thinking about Tavern on the Green in NYC. This place is vastly different from what I expected.
The food was pretty much greasy finger food. I was totally shocked & completely disappointed.  The space was cool but the food left alot to be desired.haven't actually been here. from the pictures I wont be going. step your game up.Came for the All You Can Eat Crab Legs and it was amazing. Crab tasted great. The food kept coming fast as we requested more. Nice environment. Pricing was fair. Only complaints which may not be a complaint to others is that the music was really loud when the band was playing making it hard to talk and parking around there is pretty rough. If you show up right before 630pm, you can park at an open street parking spot as parking is restricted all over 4pm-630pm, so just park at 625pm and wait in your car till you can pay for the meter again lol.I really like this bar.  Its not my absolute favorite spot in the city, but it is growing on me.  A major improvement in many aspects from when it was JL Sullivans.  It seems to pull a lot more patrons now too.
Now the best aspect for me is the convenience, as I live around the corner, but I really grew to appreciate this place during football season.  While some of the other spots in center city can get WAY to crowded during football games, TOB was a great alternative.  It always fills up during games, but they have more then enough TVs to accomodate any game you are looking for (as a Giants fan living in Philadelphia, I can really appreciate this).  
The staff is attentive and friendly and the food isnt bad, although the menu is a little limited (during football games they have specials on the burgers and also sell $1 hot dogs during Phillies games!)   Their french fries are excellent too.  
All in all a good experience everytime I go.The 'if all else fails' bar. Open bars are the only reason to plan to go there. Plenty of Eagles players sightings there. I hung out with Jason Kelce a couple times, hes a cool guy. Beer towers are the move during the day. decent sports bar food.Echoing what others have said, Tavern on Broad is a decent place for a work outing because of the seating, but the limited macobrew draft selection and mediocre food don't make it a place that I'd go back to. 
I had a turkey burger with a cranberry chutney--sounds good. The bun and fries were both good, but the turkey burger looked like your standard frozen burger with no seasoning. Gross. 
The staff was friendly but took awhile to serve me, even though I was only one of a few people in the restaurant.Earlier tonight after waiting 30 minutes for a drink, I felt a sharp pinching pain on my elbow when I leaned on the bar. There was broken glass on the bar, which cut my elbow. When the bartender finally came over I said there was broken glass on the bar, and before I could even finish my sentence he said "I don't handle that," and threw a dirty towel from the bar at me to wipe my elbow -- AND the bar, which I had bled on. He didn't even care to clean the blood off the bar that he serves people drinks on. He then charged me full price for the drink I ordered. After this happened, I obviously wanted to go to the bathroom to clean the blood off. My boyfriend asked the bouncer if I could use the second bathroom that was closed off for some reason to not have to wait in the enormous line. He said no. This is the worst bar I have ever been to. Most of the beers are flat, the place is dirty, and the people who work there are rude and inconsiderate. We left immediately because I couldn't believe they treated me that way after I had given them my business.This place always seems to get it wrong. Whether it's the extra $30 they threw on my tab while I tried  to entertain the "free happy hour" I won or just a night out; they always seems to screw something up. My most recent experience was a Saturday night where the night was ruined by the 30 minute bathroom line. Oh yea.. I didn't mention a place that allows this many people in has one bathroom, is that legal?Horrible. Cannot get a drink. Paid 10 bux cover for not 1 drink  becuase it was so packed. This place sucks. They wouldn't give me my money back. Stay for away.What a disappointment.  Went there for dinner today.  Extremely loud TV's everywhere.  The waitress was nice, but the food was inadequate.  Small portions, expensive (for what you get), and not user friendly to the handicapped (many stairs to get into the restaurant-with no ramp).  A real disappointment. I will not return, and will not recommend.I recently had a party here for my brother on a saturday night. called the manager  to book it 2 days prior. 10-30 people .We were planning for a 8pm start .We had braclets for $3 drink specials for 2 hours, but it lasted till 11pm.the staff was young ,attractive and friendly. The food was cheap and good.We had a large room in the back with a pool table and a lounge room cute and cozy space.As the night went on it became really busy and the place got packed. The crowd was young ,attractive ,hip people. the staff was a little overwhelmed but handled things ok. As 10:30 came the dancing started ,the dj was suprisingly accomodating we wanted steely dan and some other classic rock songs and he mixed it up with some new stuff very kool. everyone danced at least 2x's and we had a lots of fun and laughed all night. Our group was in our own world having a blast .I liked the place , Acutally to have a party that large and only have to pay for my own drinks/food.And we were able to bring outside cake props and decorations.I spent under $120, that was the most fun for that price Ive had in a long time. I will give another party here in the near future.i would recommend for college students inexpensive and fun.
CheersI joined Yelp just so I could write a review about this terrible establishment. 
My friends and I were on a bar crawl for St. Party's Day and this was the second stop. When we walked up to the bar, we asked about their specials and decided on our drinks. We asked for 3 Millers and 2 Coors and handed her the bartender the money. She takes the money and says 4 Millers and brings them back. We told her that wasn't what we wanted and she says, "I'm not going over to the other side of the bar to get your Coors. Screw that." We were pissed at this point but didn't want to cause a scene so we went with it. She slammed down the glasses so hard that beer went spilling everywhere and made a mess of the entire bar area. 
The other issue though was that she only got 4 beers and there were 5 of us (and we ordered 5 drinks). I told her that we still needed another drink and she flips out and starts yelling at me that we didn't. I remain calm and give her the money for another beer and she rips it out of my hand while loudly telling me to "Fuck off." 
Needless to say, I would never recommend this place to anyone. Great location but extremely rude staff. My friends and I won't be returning here ever again.I used to really enjoy going to Tavern, as it is in the heart of Philly and easy to get to, and their happy hour is fabulous! Last night I was less than enthused about the service I received. As soon as we walked in, (there was a group of 6 girls) our hostess told us that all the empty tables in the bar areas (there was a decent amount of them) were reserved, and proceeded to sit us back in an empty dining room. Our waitress was visibly annoyed that she had to come back there to serve us. We had intended on staying there for at least all of happy hour, but left after 20 minutes due to service. It was pretty upsetting considering this used to be one of my favorite bars!douchetastic! like no room to do anything? love waiting forever hoping you'll get a drink? want your drinks in plastic cups? stop in on a saturday night. the bartenders were running around like crazy doing the best they could, i have no complaints about them and i saw barbacks running around cleaning what they could. the crowd was awful. there was a $5 cover and when i asked the girl what the cover was for she responded with "i dont know its just a cover..." i immediately started cracking up. i almost wish she would have just lied and made something up. the place seemed like it could be cool on a wednesday night if i was the only customer in there.Wow - completely caught me off guard. I thought I was walking into a dive bar by the looks of the sign out front. I was really taken aback when I walked inside. It's very clean, huge space, volume not too loud on tv's/music, friendly staff, great beer selection. I can't believe i've waited this long to learn about this place.This is up there with the Fieldhouse for the worst bars in the city of Philadelphia. Bridge and Tunnel Fratted out to the max. if you're into 5 dollar bud lights, overdressed white chicks, the after-party for the youth of a Union League event, and fist pumping to Kelly Clarkson, you'll dig this spot.Waited for 30 minutes for terrible macaroni and cheese and a decent burger, then waited another 20 minutes for our waitress to pick up our check. We were the only people getting food at 6:30- should have taken that as a sign. Didn't drink, but they seemed outrageously overpriced. $10 for an Absolut cocktail? No thanks. Fries were good, though.New Year's Eve 2017, this establishment with Extremely poor service that gets a crowd for one reason because they have coined themselves a bills bar. It's week 17 the bills have a chance to make the playoffs for the first time since 04, after sitting in the bar that was around 50 degrees. Watching the Bills win and there is around 2:30 left in the Baltimore Cincinnati game. The staff decides its a great time to ask everyone to leave who only came to this horrible bar to watch the bills. The crowd respectfully pays there bills and just sits there watching. Next thing we know this poorly run bar turns the TVs off because they were in a rush "to get ready for New Year's Eve". I think the poor staff could tell how everyone felt and that no Bills fan will step foot in this poorly run b@r again. To add to it, the service was one of the worst I've ever seen and we got cold food, and the food was terrible. This place will be closed by 2019.This might be my favorite bar in the center city area.  Friendly staff, and amazing food!  Highly suggest checking this place out for center city sips.  I had the pleasure of stopping in tavern last night, and was not disappointed.  Acoustic music playing until around 9-9:30, and great food and beer specials lasting well into the night, even though I didn't hang out until close, I would still like to see what this place has to offer after the happy-hour crowd leaves.  I would definitely return, and will be bringing friendsOur service was hoooorrriiibbblllleeee. The waitress basically acted like we were bothering her being there. She even made a disgusted face checking our ids. She was so rude and insulting and slow, I think it could be the worst service I've ever gotten (and I eat out quite a bit). Maybe she was having a bad day.
But to make matters worse, none of the drink or food specials advertised were posted onto our check. I ordered specifically off the special phillies game menu but was charged full price. All of our drafts on special were charged all full price. Okay, usually not a big deal, so I approached the hostess podium and asked for a manager to fix our check. Our waitress snatched it out of my hand and claimed to fix it....
Yeah, no she still overcharged us. After finally getting the manager, we were charged the correct price. And we had to pay 20% gratuity for the crappiest service this side of the Mississippi. What a terrible night!My fiance and I decided to check this place out b/c we had a restaurant.com coupon and since he's a sports fanatic, we figured what better than to go on a Sunday evening? Yikes...huge mistake.  There were games...everywhere.  Awkward though b/c multiple tv's had the same game on but each tv was delayed? Not their fault I guess but very weird. 
The calamari tasted like burnt rubber, our waitress was AWFUL.  Seriously. She brought out the calamari (which comes with some type of weird barbecue type of sauce...not good at all) and sprinted off and it took us another 5 minutes at least to flag her down and ask for napkins and silverware.  She looked at us like "do you really need those?!"  Then came the sandwiches...the bread was stale (literally...it took lots of effort for me to saw through it so we just ended up doing the "low-carb" thing) and the fries were blah.  No ketchup or anything until we were half-way through the meal when she FINALLY came back around and we asked for the ketchup.  Again, she seemed so confused as to why we would ever want that (there was NO sauce of any type that came with our food...not like they had an alternative and we were just being picky).  Our drinks came out in the tinest of tiny plastic cups and since the waitress never came around, we had to try to make our shots of soda last as long as we could.  
The crowds were insane but I guess that's to be expected.  They were also broadcasting a post-game radio show fr/our area and the speakers were directly on us so that was pretty awful.  No plans to go back here to eat at all but the people who stuck with beers seemed to be fairly happy.  There are WAY better sports bars in the area so I wouldn't waste my time with this oneI would give this place ZERO stars if it was an option. Nothing about this night was a good experience
We bought VIP tickets to the NYE celebration which were built up, and supposed to come with several items included in the price of the ticket including a private entrance, free coat check, drinking til 2 am, etc. 
I shouldve called it quits around 2pm when myself as well as hundreds of other patrons were sent to McFaddens bar on the day of the events to pick up their tickets for about 7 different events throughout phillly. The complete lack of organization was unreal. McFaddens employed 2 girls with a slow ticket printing machine to dispense ALL tickets to everyone who bought tickets through CRAVE events in philly for NYE. After standing in the exact same spot in the cold for 2 hours, my fiance and I finally called it quits and took our chances going to the party without our tickets.
The same disarray was found at Tavern on Broad. Most people were showing up without tickets after experiencing the same conflict at Mcfaddens. TOB staff were lost and confused giving incorrect directions of what doors to go in, what lines to line up in and it truly seemed as though TOB woke up that morning and decided to throw a party. 
The night was so disorganized: I was never able to get the same answer twice from different staff, the bartenders didnt know what kind of liquor they had (as I asked one who said no, and another who said yes), The DJ didnt even show up untill 8 (was supposed to be there at 3pm) and didnt start the music until 9!!! Finally, even though they said in the email that VIP tickets would included a free coat check, this was not the case. 
I will never ever return to this awful establishment and I will forever tell everyone I meet to not walk through the doors. 
Rude staff, Disorganized event, poor food, even worse service, Way overpriced.Eek. Went here on some night around Halloween and it was no good.  
While it was hard for me to get a drink here, it seemed as if the rest of the crowd here was pretty intoxicated. I think they may have let too many people in on this particular night and I was not liking being stuck underground and not being able to move through the crowd.
The lighting here was kind of awkward too. Not light, but not dark. Not sure if they wanted people to be dancing or to be standing around and socializing.I have always been fond of this bar but tonight blew it out of the water. Guys, don't host your bar as a bar crawl stop for the annual philly costume bar crawl if your bartenders are going to actively avoid all people dressed in costumes at the bar while serving. Also make sure your bartenders are a little bit more educated about the specials and prices so they don't under charge 4 people and then "some how" remember the price when they start serving you. The table servers are great though, 2 stars.I don't understand the bad reviews. The staff was a blast. Talked with us the entire night. If you're looking for a game, they'll find it for you. Our first night in Philly, we went to 3 places looking for our team's football game. A bartender at another bar recommended this place. It was on their big screen. My team lost, but by the end of the night, the manager , bartender , and waitress had the rest of our trip to Philly mapped out for us. We enjoyed our entertainment re week based on their recommendations.Tavern on Broad has been a dive since I've known it. A friend made us reservations for the all you can eat. The space still looks like a diy frat house basement. The service was excellent! Our server was speedy and attentive. The food (crabs) were delicious. They don't make you wait until your tray is empty, they just keep the crabs coming! Draft selection is great too!Great happy hour prices and I tend to win open bars pretty frequently, which is great. 
I would definitely recommend as a low key, non expensive happy hour location; as its one of my favorite to go to after work. 
However, I would not recomment on weekend nights, as it tends to be over crowded (you can barely reach the bar), super loud and never really the place to listen to music and definitely not a location to dance at.Literally the worst bar I've been to in Philadelphia!  The absolute worst part of this place had to be the bartenders.  My friends and I all ordered the exact same mixed drink, and it was served to us in three completely different but all equally terrible ways.  It was either too sweet, too watered down, or too strong.  The staff desperately needs some training in mixology.  The bartenders also ignored me while I stood at the bar for 10 minutes waiting for service trying to get their attention.  They weren't even busy serving other patrons!  The food was your typical run of the mill bar food completely lacking any flare at all, and despite the hype from the waitress, the nacho fries were soggy and had no sign of fresh ingredients or flavors.  My friends and I have all received offers via email to come drink for half priced happy hour, but you couldn't pay us enough to go back.This place was so much fun! Our server Anna was a sweetheart and the GM Jim made sure everything was to our satisfaction. Our wings were great and the people we met there were awesome! We can't  wait to go back!!! Customer  service  was on point!We had decided to go scout some spots for an upcoming event that we were planning on having and decided to come on a busy night to check it out. The bouncers were all really nice and cool guys. They quoted us a price for the night to get in and we decided to spend the rest of our night there. As we went downstairs to pay admission the individual who was charging us overcharged us by $30 even after I explained what I was quoted upstairs. They gave a lot of attitude and did not seem like they wanted our company. I don't think after that experience that we will be recommending others to have events there or just visit in general.Tavern on the Broad or "The Tav" as it is affectionately known by its regulars will never make the best bar in town list, but it in its mediocrity you will find that it's not a half bad place to stop in during happy hour after work.
The plus here is well priced drinks and food for the happy hour crowd, on Tuesdays they have a DJ doing trivia night  which can be quite entertaining, not as much to play as watch others slur out far fetched answers and are floored when they find out they are wrong... No Mr. Drunky Geena Davis was not in Star Wars.
The food..... well eat at your own risk, not that its a health issue as much as a taste factor. I have tried a few things there, Philly cheesesteak, chicken cheesesteak, loaded fries, nothing was very appealing except it filled my stomach when I was in that drunken hunger mode.
The staff is pretty cool, you take care of them and they will take care of you in the long run. My buddy is a regular there and is always treated very well when i have tagged along with him after work.
The biggest drawback is the decor, the place really does have a good amount of space but the poor design concepts really make the place feel small, cramped and dark. While I wouldn't put it in the dive bar category, I could understand if someone mistaken it for one when they walked in. With more of an open concept design and some well placed lighting the place could be really nice....
If you want a few well priced pints, stop in, but don't go out of your way to get there as Philly has much more to offer.his place borders between a dive and a regular sports bar. hidden below ground level, it definitely feels like you're going into a dive bar, since there are no windows and can be kind of dark. the decor leaves nothing to wrote home about, just your average sports bar paraphernalia, with plenty of big screens to catch the philly, eagles, or flyers games. although seemingly crammed, there is actually a lot of space as you walk further back, into another bar area.Great vibe at the bar, good drinks and awesome place to watch games. Nice place to be with locals.I have to drop them down a couple stars. The service is just so bad here! We were sitting at a table in the back during the NFL games, and the place was pretty much dead. If it was busy, I could deal with spotty service, but we were left alone for 30 minutes at a time throughout the 4 hours we were there for the 1 o'clock and start of the 4 o'clock games. Empty beers, sodas, etc on numerous occasions. I also had to ask for a box twice for my food and we were ready to go for a while before she came back to give us our check. I will only come here on the occasional Sunday during the NFL season any more.Came here for happy hour twice. First time because it goes until 8PM and I work until 6. It was pretty quiet during the week but a good deal none-the-less. Second time was because my friend won an happy hour. This was a great deal! Friday night 9-11, half price drinks! It was pretty busy (which was a good thing) and I was drinking 2.75 gin & tonics. Can't be beat! They were pretty weak though... Turned into a major dance party as the night progressed. I had a pretty good time. They do start charging a $5 cover after 9 or 10. I don't think it's worth the cover charge but you should check it out if you can get in for free!Tavern on Broad is not in my regular rotation, though the location is convenient for the lunchtime and after-work crowds. Some folks might find the forty-odd televisions blaring sports and news entertaining, but for our small party just looking to drink and catch up, it was overwhelming; like crawling inside one of the giant screens from Blade Runner and trying to make small talk. 
We were the guests of a friend who had won a "free happy hour", but this translated roughly into the same happy hour specials that everyone else in the bar was already enjoying. They're not bad- half off most drinks and appetizers. The menu is already decently-priced for Center City, most sandwiches and sides coming in at $6-16. Their sliders were cute and nicely presented; the chicken sliders had a nice smoky taste, and the beef sliders with bacon and cheddar were hearty and not greasy. Their onion rings were a particular favorite- flaky and a little salty, not pre-frozen but batter-dipped and crisp, with a spicy chili-ranch dip on the side. Their mussels were tasty and abundant, with toasted bread and a white wine sauce. Nice! Unfortunately, after enjoying a pretty decent meal, we were informed that about half of the things we'd ordered were not half price after all. The waitress was quick to adjust the bill after we objected, but having to object because the "half-off" policy is clear as mud? Not fun.
The beer list was decent, if not inspired, and most things were half-price. The mixed drinks, though, were ridiculous; beyond watered-down. Two different drinks arrived, both consisting more or less of unsweetened iced tea that had been allowed to glance longingly at a bottle of liquor before being brought out to us. We sent them back and got beer instead, but at check time again noticed that the returned drinks appeared on the bill. This time we shrugged and cut our losses, figuring we wouldn't be back.
I have to give props to our waitress, who was polite, friendly, and quick to resolve issues. Overall, it's probably a nice spot to grab lunch with co-workers, but if you're looking to do some serious eating and drinking and talking with friends, this might not be the place.I've been here a few times to meet with friends for drinks and I've liked my experience both times. For happy hour it was a nice space to relax and watch a game while catching up with friends. On a Saturday night it is PACKED. I still had a good time and was able to squeeze me way to drinks as needed.
They have good birthday specials/happy hours so I recommend getting yourself a bday list and inviting friends.I went on Friday, which I believe was one of their first nights open. And I made that assumption because people were standing at the entrance on Broad street handing out "Have a drink on us" tickets getting people to come in.
Wonder why the JL Sullivans speakeasy never worked out, but I guess they're betting on a sports bar working out in that location.
Staff was VERY friendly and there were a ton of people working.
Layout is a little odd, but it has potential and anything is better than Zanibar Blue.if you are looking for a fun friday or saturday night, i highly recommend stopping by tavern.  its a huge place with several side bars, so it is never difficult to get a drink.  If you are into dancing, meeting new people, or just haning out at a table with friends, tavern can accommodate all.  With a fully stocked bar and side bars, the staff makes any drink you need, as well as introduces you to more than you might want to know.  they are a fun (and fun to look at) staff and make the night that much better. my friends and i have spent more than enough nights out at tavern and there are definitely more to come. only downfall - $5 dollar cover charge, but lets all grow up, $5 should not deter you from fun
even if you just want to go for a casual happy hour after work, tavern has an awesome atmosphere for nights like this.  usually places that seem more like a 'bar scene' don't offer a very appetizing menu, but tavern has great food.  i especially reocommend the hummus, but they have a ton of yummy options to choose from.  
bottom line, tavern is a  fun change of scenery any day of the week.  it offers an up-beat night scene as well as a place to catch up over some drinks and food.  the staff is friendly and attentive so you wont be waiting around for service.I came here once before but came back for a birthday celebration. The place was not crowded but service was horrible, especially for some. Maybe another off night.I have both a shameful and shameless love for tavern on broad.
Let's start with the shameless:
I love your food, and I love your drinks. I'm willing to admit when I hate stuff, but I love that platter with hummus and roasted red pepper delight--- BUT PLEASE ADD MORE PITA. I was shoveling up hummus with soggy garnish lettuce. Also good were those obscene potato skins things... wow. 
Also, though your prices are up there, you've given me an open bar, and were super flexible about when I used it. I pretty much emailed last minute two months after you offered it to me in the first place, and on a friday night, and you said "Sure thing- you're on our list!" That was so nice of you. 
Finally, your happy hour runs later than many other bars, and I appreciate that. I appreciate it alongside your crazy cocktails and Jameson pickle shots. I appreciate it when you realize the champagne you poured me was flat and you insist on giving me another without my need to complain. However, in the future, could you be better stocked with bitters? It's hard getting an old fashioned in this joint.
My Shameful loves:
This bar attracts great promo groups. Eacht ime I've been there, I've gotten at least one free thing, and I'm not talking just about great concoctions. Those three olives cake girls in their baller shoes gave me a tiara, Jameson gave me a military hat, and I got headphones from I think Smirnoff. I'm a sucker. And I've only been there twice.
Also, sometimes they have an acoustic duo come in that is hands down the best bar scene live music I've ever heard. We stayed an extra two hours to swing dance and salsa to the 52 pickups.
One more thing- Tavern on Broad is extremely open to supporting fundraisers with open bar opportunities. Thank you, and my organization has you at the top of our list.Just want to elaborate on my last review, but the rating will stay the same.
Stopped in during the NCAA Final Four basketball games and this place was PACKED - rightfully so. You have a Philly team in the final four, I would hope all of the sports bars in the area would be packed.
They have TV screens everywhere and it makes for a pretty good view and atmosphere for just the occasion. Be warned though - crowded sports bar will inevitably mean mediocre service. I mean you can't expect to get your drinks asap, but once you squeeze your way to the bar, it's easy to get what you need. Bartenders were friendly and did what they could despite mobs of people, EVERYWHERE.
Ordered the Slow Roasted Shredded Pork Nachos ($11) - gotta say they were average. With a title like that, EXPECTATION: mind-blowing, juicy meat covering a stack of chips piled high with goeey cheesy goodness. REALITY: shredded meat on top of tortilla chips sprinkled in cheese. 
Also, don't forget this place is underground, so cell phone reception may be terrible for you depending on your service provider, so that can be incredibly frustrating if you're trying to meet up with friends or just send a text.
Service - Fine
Food - Fine
Drinks - Fine
3 starsKatie is by far the BEST!!! If you come here and she's working, you need to ask for her! She was extremely accommodating, so sweet, and was one of the best servers I've ever had. We had a large group, and she could not have been more helpful. Tavern is a great spot, I've never had a bad time here. Would most definitely recommend Tavern and Katie to all of my friendsOverpriced & boring.... Nothing about this place makes me want to come back a 3rd time. With so many other choices in town I can't imagine one would return after 2 strikes. From the subpar food (dry tasteless artichoke dip, overpriced sliders including slab of meat, cheese & bun or the unimaginative hummus plate) to the fake hometown sportsbar look & feel, this place seems like the only thing it needs is a going out of business sign. The staff is rather nice and accommodating, so I hope they catch at a better bar before this place does fold.The hostess told us to wait to be "seated", then disappeared for a while, so we went to the bar instead.  It didn't seem like she liked that we did that, but oh well.  They seemed very understaffed, the bartender was polite, but it was clear that he was struggling to keep up with the bar.  
Ultimately, Tavern on Broad is a cross between a sports bar and a dance club, neither of which it does very well.  While there are enough TVs to be a sports bar, there isn't the seating required, as a large areas is awkwardly allotted to the dance floor.
Loaded fries were okay, though they forgot that we asked for them without bacon.  Hummus tray was okay as well.  Nothing that we ordered could really be screwed up that badly, and nothing was extraordinary.  
I could understand coming here to watch college football, because they have a pretty good system for watching all of the games, but I imagine you'll have trouble finding a seat in the area to hear your game (if you care about that).  
Cover at night, not worth the cover.Just turn around and go somewhere else.And don't feel special if you "win" something.
I've been to Tavern on Broad twice now. The first time I attended as a guest to somebody's half-off happy hour (8-11 on a Saturday night). I was pretty excited because hey who doesn't love a $2 gin and tonic? I went with my boyfriend and two other male friend to meet up with this group and found they were off in a side room away from everyone else. Even better.
Getting drinks was a nightmare. Apparently we had a waitress, but I only saw her once or twice and she seemed to be catering to the "HH winner." My friends went off to get us all beers. 2 guys getting 2 beers? No problem. Awhile later my boyfriend and I went to return the favor, only to be told that we could each only get one drink. Um. Ok. We left shortly after.
This was about 2 months ago. 
Early last week I was informed that I had won a free happy hour. I never win anything! Imagine my excitement when they told me I would be drinking for free and my friends would get half-off everything for 3 hours. I scheduled my happy hour for that Friday from 6-9 and started inviting friends. 
I arrived with some people around 7 on the night of my happy hour and was given a little pink wristband with "dance dance" written on it. Woohoo. We approach the bar and I see that it's half-off happy hour for another hour. And this is off ALL drinks, not just the house wines, well drinks and yeungling my guests would receive. What a steal, right? My friends are classy bitches, so they order things not included in my Happy Hour and are happier for that. So. The winning the half-priced happy hour is just a ploy to get people to come in. And why do they need to do that? 
Well. The service SUCKS. We sat at the bar and it took a few minutes for the grumpy bartender to come over to us. I ordered a gin & tonic and flashed my fabulous pink wristband. He brought it over to me, I took one sip and noticed there was something floating in my drink. Like. Food. At this point my friend had gotten her beer, so it took another 5 or so minutes to flag the guy down again. He looked at my drink and made me another one. He looked annoyed. My boyfriend arrived during this time and sat down behind the taps. He was ignored for another couple of minutes.
Some more friends arrived and we trickled towards the back to find seating. The whole middle room was pretty much empty, aside from a few tables, but the back "party" areas were also empty. So we sat down and a friend tried to flag down a waitress. We were then told that there were no table available because parties were coming in.
At this point I ordered one more (free) drink to stick it to the man and we walked across the street to Perch Pub. This was about 45 minutes after arriving. Oh and they were out of toilet paper in the ladies room. At 8pm on a Friday night.
Seriously.
Don't go here.I am not happy with that bar, because of the staff and the tricky deals they have. I went with a friend during their special 5-8pm(1/2 beer), when it got 20 min till 8pm, i wanted to order another beer, just so i don't have to pay double for it after. The bar-attender after about 10 min finally came to us, and she said she can't put the order because that is not in the bar's policy to "back you up with drinks", meaning you are not allowed to have 2 drinks at a time, however that is not written anywhere, and it is only a word of mouth, or by the approval of the manager. The next day I went again, but this time to try their burgers, I thought i will give them a second chance. They have another special 1/2 burgers from 11-2am, again it is not written in the manual that you have to order exact kind of burger. I ordered, had a beer and asked for the check, guess what, the check was with the full price of the burger. I asked the waitress why, she told me it is half off only for people in the Bar/Restaurant busyness. Again i was really disappointed with them and actually angry that they told me that after i ate it, they could have told that it is double. Overall the two times i went there, i had problems and it felt more like i was going to an auction having to beat down the surprise bill they server at the end. 
Please be VERY CAUTIOUS going there, I do not recommend it.Bartenders give you drinks in exchange for American currency. Good place in my book.Dear Tavern on Broad, 
  You had a great pumpkin beer when I went there last week. I also met a very cute guy named Eric, but I lost my phone so I don't know if he contacted me or not. As a last ditch effort, I'm leaving this message in the hopes of getting in contact with him. So, Eric, that I don't know your last name, find me on here!
Sincerely, 
BennettThis is definitely the worst bar in Philly and wouldn't be surprised if they get shut down, my company used to have charity fundraisers here because of the pricing (definitely not the atmosphere), and they stole the money we made from it....CHARITY MONEY!...the manager claimed he told us there was a fee (never told us) and they took more than half of the earnings. Besides the awful atmosphere and poorly made drinks this spot is a definite skip in Philly.Couldn't be more on board with this place. Food is decent. Happy hour specials after work are great! Real fun starts at night though late night. Great music and great place to dance. Tons of girls.Meh... I was here on a Monday evening to grab food.  Say at the bar, because the rest of the place was crazy (Game Night) The bartender was good and friendly. It took an hour to get 2 sliders, fries, and an order of shrimp. The sliders were cold and missing items. I had to take it to go by the time they corrected it. I was impressed with the garlic parm fries tho, so today I ordered wings and the those fries thru Grubhub. The chicken wasn't cooked enough, and it didn't have any flavor (Honey Garlic). It seemed to be a mild buffalo sauce instead, forgot the blue cheese on the side (Irritating). Going back to Monday, I feel like if the kitchen can't handle the crowd and large amount of orders, maybe hosting a game night isn't a good idea. As far as today's experience, I'll never order delivery again. This is the type of place where you need to be there to make sure your order is cooked properly and it's correct. This place is very mediocre, masked by its prime location. Management obviously couldn't give a rat's a$$ about the ratings, inconsistency, or lack of attention to food. A 2.5 average rating is nothing to be proud of.Now the official home of the Cal Alumni Club of Philadelphia for football game watches this Fall, and for most of the Pac-12 Schools too (UW, ASU, UA, and USC).
We have been trying for the past 4 years to find a bar to watch our games at consistently and after stumbling across this place last spring, I decided to see if we could pull it off for our club.
In the past, we would be just happen to have the game on a TV without sound at any bar in Philly. Now, we get our OWN room with a TV and with AUDIO!!!! It is also one of the few bars in Philly that can get the Pac-12 channel, so no more showing up to a bar and finding that they can't get our channel!  
Neina, the Sports Manager, has been great and has really hooked us up with fantastic drink specials for our game watches on Saturdays.  If anything, they have really gone out of their way to work with our small alumni base which is making me very very spoiled.
Yes, the place does turn into a dance party after 10pm, but having our own room for night games really helps to block out most of that.....
Pretty good beer selection (Dogfish 60 min on draft, yeah!!) and pretty good bar food too.  
Just give me a room with a TV+audio that has a my Cal Golden Bears on TV and I am a happy camper.
Go Bears!I was treated very poorly by some of the staff a few weeks ago, but I figured it might be a one off.  However, what they did to the loyal contingent of Bills Backers who had an agreement with the bar and waited 2 decades for the moment that was denied to them is disgraceful.  They filled your bar every Sunday, and that's how you return the favor?Geez.  No love for this place.  I'm all for trendy bars, but for what is, it's great.  Killer happy specials, and the wings are f***ing delicious.The food and live music were decent but the other reviews are spot on about the service: horrendous. Our server, Katherine, was MIA most of the time and had the sort of attitude that makes you wonder why she chose to be in a customer service profession. So unless you enjoy waiting and having a server who argues back and forth with you over a mistake she made, you're better off somewhere else.TOB - only good thing is they are close to work and home. 
I want to like this place. Its so convenient and it has potential. But there are issues. 
I have been here many times and service has always been sub-par. The bartenders are slow as is the wait staff and kitchen. On one occasion the bartender was so green he was putting Manhattans in pint glasses. Now, this might be a good thing for some of you readers but I was not impressed. He looked downright confused at the request so it is no surprise he put it in a beer glass. 
The food is not great - burgers are possibly from a box that I could buy at the grocery store. I had nachos here that were literally tostitos with cheese whiz and maybe a few tomatoes (although I think they have since removed these from the menu). Nothing is worth discussing, its bar food in its saddest form. 
The atmosphere is odd - leftover decor from JL Sullivan's remains and is an odd mix with the 30+ TVs all around the bar and dining area. The bathrooms are disgraceful. Not kept even when the bar is hardly full. 
Lastly on the cons-side of things: I hosted a fund raising event here and while the person I spoke with was accommodating and helpful, when I actually got there for the event, she was not there and the staff in charge seemed unprepared and disinterested. They barely lifted a finger and were understaffed for the size of the gathering. 
On a positive note, this is a good place to watch a game. It gets crowded but its lots of fun to see all the fans getting into the games and with the amount of TVs in there, no matter where you are sitting or standing, you are guaranteed to see every play. 
There are also good daily bar specials and a ridiculously easy quizzo on Tuesday nights at 8pm with Big Daddy Graham. So if you're going to go, check it out on Tuesday for some laughs.If I could leave zero stars I would. Have been here twice and both times have been the worst experience going out in Philadelphia. Staff was incredibly rude and kicked my friends and I out because one of THEIR workers, who was there for fun and not work, was pushing us around. We asked security to make him stop and since they knew him, we got asked to leave.This place purports to be a Bills bar.  A Bills bar that also plays other NFL games during game days.  It's literally all it has going for it - a Bills bar full of Bills fans during Bills games with cheap beer specials during the game.  The atmosphere is electric during Bills games, and as a non-bills fan, I even found myself cheering for them.  
Surely a bar which plays the Buffalo Bills "shout" song after the bills score would be invested in serving Bills fans well.
New Year's Eve, 2017 proved that was decidedly not the case.  Allow me to set the stage:
Approximately 250 Bills fans and 10-15 Eagles fans remained in the bar following the thrilling conclusion of Bills Mafia win #9 of the 2017 season.  All that was needed to clinch the team's first playoff berth since 1999 (the longest drought in american major sports) was a Win by Marvin Lewis's Cincinatti Bengals over the Baltimore Ravens.  Or, as one fan put it, "those purple guys gotta lose and we're in".
Cincinatti was down 7, with about 4 mins to go at about 7:30 in the evening.  Tavern makes an announcement that we need to close our tabs since they are getting ready to clean up for their NYE party. Ok, fine. We'll close out, watch the end, and then leave.  With 2:43 left Cincy takes over down 3, and a touchdown will punch the ticket for Buffalo.
Now 2:00 left, Cincy has advanced to the Baltimore side of the field.  And then Tavern FORCED everyone to leave and turned off all the Televisions. Are. You. Kidding. Me.  
Boos rained down on the incompetent staff and management.  Most people were seething with rage.  Others repressed the urge to urinate on the floor of such a classless establishment.
Every single Bills fan will remember where they were when Cincy beat Baltimore on a 4th and 12 pass from Andy Dalton to Tyler Boyd to clinch a playoff spot for the Bills.  Every Bills fan that wasn't dumb enough to support Tavern on Broad that is.  They robbed their best customers of what will certainly be the best Bills moment of the year.  The Bills will not win a playoff game in 2017... this was it and Tavern stole it.
Here are some excellent alternatives to Tavern on Broad, within a 3 minute walk, with a similar sports/dive/trashy/cheap beer vibe: McGillin's Old Ale House, Locust Rendezvous, Fox and Hound, Misconduct, Good Dog Bar.  I urge you to consider them.
Author's note: I'm not even a Bills fan.  I can't imagine what that would be like if I were.We came for a college alum event on a Thursday evening. Service was awesome and quick. 50cent wings, a variety of flavors. The cheesesteak egg rolls & sweet potato tator tots were amazing- a must have!! A great place to hang with friends and watch the game!Avoid this place. The service is terrible and the food won't compensate for that. There are many other options nearby!Disgusting. The service is terrible. I sensed racism. would never go here again
0 starsI'm really not sure how this place is still open. The first time I came here was on a bar crawl so I didn't really get a feel for the place because it was wall to wall people. I wasn't really a fan then, but it's hard to judge in that scenario so I kind of forgot about it. Fast forward to 5 years later I ended up here because of a meetup. We had more than 30 people and the host arranged with the place ahead of time and they were kind enough to offer us drink specials. When we arrived, they had no idea who we were or what we were talking about. It took us over 20min to get them to figure out where we were meant to be. Meanwhile, we couldn't hear each other because it was, apparently, emo night, so there was a screamy cover band that made me want to overapply my eyeliner and cry in the bathroom. They finally figured out where to put us and told us the kitchen closed in an hour. No one ever came back. No menus were given, nothing. We go and ask for menus and someone brings them. A few of us order. Food comes out, pretty slow but showed up. The other people try to order and are told the kitchen is closed. It has not been an hour. The kitchen staff decided to close early. This was a Thursday night and we had over 30 people. The only reason we came is because we were told they could accommodate us. They clearly couldn't, and didn't care in the slightest that all of us were disappointed in the food situation and lack of promised drink specials. Also, the place is dark and filthy. Seems like a place you'd have to keep an eye on your drink and pee in pairs just to not get stolen. Was not comfortable at all, most of us left early. Never again.