Fairmount NEEDED a Tela's so, so badly. Well, now we've got one - a local market, that is. The vibe inside is so cool! They usually have, oddly enough, what I am looking for, which is rare for a small, neighborhood market. The staff is great. The selection is great. I do, however, have one 'complaint'.
It seems to me that their meat and seafood is not the greatest. I know little about the craft, but as a consumer, I tend to look for marbled, moist meat. For some reason, Tela's meat looks dry and lacks in marbling. It just doesn't look like meat that I am used to from local farms and even Whole Foods. It would be really cool if Tela's kind of limited their fresh product (To eliminate waste) and partnered with local farms to sell quality, frozen meats. Kind of like Green Isle Grocery in Passyunk. But hey, maybe I am wrong. Maybe I am looking at the meat selection incorrectly. Regardless, I still frequent [almost] daily and try to support them over Whole Foods.
They also have a cafe where you can order drinks and food. So to my above point regarding their meats, I have always enjoyed their food. Maybe it's in my head.
Anyway, just give them a shot and I'm sure they won't disappoint!Awesome breakfast spot that will get you in and out. We had the banana French toast and the bagel and lox and it was the perfect combination of sweet and savory. 
Didn't care for the communal seating but it's not so bad if you beat the rush.I love everything about this place BUT they play the worst music. Very unfitting for the environment. Mostly disco and 70s party music played way too loudly. It always taints my experience. I still visit because the food and coffee are great but wish they'd consider that people don't want "Stayin' Alive" blaring at them at 9am on a Sunday. Change the music and turn it down.Solid quick brunch spot. The potatoes are delicious and crispy. Make sure to get here early though because seating may be hard to come by, but well worth it.So let me start with the Reuben sandwich I ordered to go. Delicious!!! I brought it back to work, ten minutes later I took it out of the To Go box " yes cool recyclable box" and it was still crisply grilled, melted in my mouth perfect!! I wish it was bigger it was so good. I also got a artichoke salad from the pre made food and have been craving it ever since.  They are new and seem to be working the crinks out of there system.  Can't wait to oh back!!! Also the chef will give you simple yummy cooking suggestions for your meat and fish purchases!!!!Great family place. Comfort food. Always fresh and quickly made. They only need to get a diaper changer for all of the babies that used to passing by.So I stopped in here between dog walks one day and I was blown away by the friendly staff and the menu. What an awesome little place on the corner of 19th and Fairmount! I just had tea and a snack but I can't wait to try some of their sandwiches and salads. All the food I saw looked great! Well-stocked grocery section too if you're in the area.This place is WAY expensive.   I just stopped by.  $4/pound for Jersey peaches!  Same local peaches are .99/pound at Reading Terminal and many supermarkets!  
$1.00 for a single lime. Geez. 
The cheeses are $20-$30/pound.  
Too rich for my blood.  
I thought Whole Foods was bad.  This place is a bit ridiculous.  I thought a new neighborhood place would be convenient. But I get so frustrated every time I've come here hoping to find reasonable prices.Tela's! What a gift to the Francisvile/East Fairmount crowd! Your food is delicious, you carry seltzer in every flavor, and you have made it possible to buy something as simple as an onion without trudging to Whole Foods. Thank you! You also have lovely staff, who are friendly and helpful, and I noticed that your registers do not swing around for tipping purposes (like some of the other shops in the area that also use iPads). I always want to tip, but I do not always carry change or singles. Is it possible to include on-screen tipping in the future? PS, your egg sandwich is the best egg sandwich I have EVER had. It is amazing.This place is fantastic -- and a godsend to those in the Fairmount area who wish to avoid the havoc that is Whole Foods or Trader Joe's (especially on the weekends!)
It is a slightly far "hike" for us -- as we live closer to the Art Museum -- but we have made several visits to this restaurant/market. 
We have never been disappointed.
The prepared food (the sandwiches, soups, etc.) have always been fantastic.  As are the coffee, the bagels, etc.  (The french bread they have is absolutely awesome.  We sometimes make the "trek" just for that!).
As for produce, the selection is superb .  As a small anecdote, a couple weekends ago my wife was going to make a dish that required -- of all things -- leeks.  Again, this was on a weekend -- in the afternoon nonetheless -- and I thought to myself "Well, I guess we'll have to spend an hour getting in and out of Whole Foods to get these damn leeks".  Sure enough -- Tila's had them!  (Saving me a good hour of our weekend -- and all the aggravations of going to Whole Foods on a crowded weekend).
We have had similar instances where we need some key ingredient or item -- and sure enough -- Tila's had it.
Again -- for Fairmount -- Tila's is exactly what we needed.Tela's opened up down the street from my house a few months ago and i have to say this place is perfect in the clutch for anything. 
Their sandwiches and specialty plates are great, there's so many options and varieties that no matter what mood you are in, they have you covered.
Their coffee is on point, and the staff is really nice and willing to help you out in any way. In addition to coffee and made to order food, they also have a butcher shop, fresh produce and any other specialty needs for cooking. They get bread from local bakeries and have a pretty decent cheese selection. I gotta say this place is nice, a bit expensive, but it really helps out the neighborhood and is a great place to go eat and get some work done, in a non coffeehouse setting.The coffee bar is fantastic. The breakfast sandwiches are some of the best on Fairmount. The cheese selection is well curated. And the butcher knows his stuff. So why did I give only 3 stars? 
Because every time I need one basic pantry item from the market they don't have it and I'm forced to walk all the way down to WFM.
Seriously this place would be perfect if they worked on their grocery selection. Ditch some of the specialty goods that are only good for impulse buys and bring in some real pantry items that people will actually need!
Edit: I just want to add that I really want this place to succeed. It's a great shop and they have the right mindset. The grocery part of it is a big turn off for me.I have been to Tela's about 4 times since I moved to the area. The food is really good and the people that work there are SO nice! It is a little pricey but everything tastes fresh. Love having the Market so close to my house, perfect place to pick up a few quick items or to pick up speciality items for a dinner party.Tela's continues to improve and standout as the go to fresh food, quick service place in the neighborhood! I've been getting the catch of the day lately and it is always fresh and deliciously paired with veggies. It's also always changing, so even though I'm craving the dish I had last week, the one I'm having today always makes up for it. Kids options are on point too. Noo-noos and cheese, PB&J always solid and plenty for 2 little ones to share. Staff is also great as I wrangle my kids and get settled at a table. Thanks Tela's!Food is great, reasonably priced, and not packed. Sit down service could be improved (a little slow and don't bring food at the same time).I have eaten at Tela's on several occasions.  The food is always exceptional and service is outstanding.  The BEST part of the Tela's experience is the manager Karl who is always accommodating his customers above and beyond!   Thank you for giving us a great eating and shopping experience!Need fresh produce, meat, fish for dinner. Perfect or just sit down for breakfast lunch or dinner!There's nothing that I love more than a good breakfast sandwich, and Tela's did not disappoint! The restaurant/market hybrid offers great food options that can be ordered at the counter, which will then be brought to you at the table of your choosing. I visited Tela's on a Saturday morning, around 11 (aka peak brunch time), so I had to wait in line for about 10 minutes. Luckily, the table turnover rate is pretty high, so my friend and I found a seat almost immediately. I ordered the breakfast sandwich with sausage, cheddar, and an egg over easy on brioche with a side of potatoes, and it was executed perfectly. The sausage was flavorful and rich, and the egg was just the right amount of runny. For under $10, it was a great meal! I'm interested in coming back to try some of their other menu offerings in the future!Tela's is a fantastic place for sandwiches and groceries.! Prices are very reasonable and every sandwich comes with a side salad - the salad isn't the best part, but the sandwich is.    Don't miss the Fried Chicken Sandwich or the Meatball - both are really tasty and perfectly cooked.  The egg sandwich is also great - egg, cheddar, delicous bacon on a brioche roll - totally hits the spot.
 I would recommend downloading the app - its super easy to order via the app and walk in 10-15 mintues later with your meal in hand.  You pay via the app so need need for cash or credit cards.
Stop in and check this place out, you won't be disappointed.I have been for lunch and dinner and I can be certain that this place is definitely a better breakfast/lunch/brunch spot than for dinner. I had the fish tacos and they tasted fine but the pieces of fish were too small for the flour tortillas and the pickled topping overpowered the fish. My girlfriend got the spicy chicken wrap and we were both pleased with that. Overall a very ok place.Great food, atmosphere, and prices are okay. I am so so so glad they moved to the neighborhoodPersonable, friendly but this place misleads customers with erroneous claims of organic food.  I have purchased meats, produce, and sandwiches here but won't again until things change. 
On my third visit, the friendly chef Chad told me that the poultry in the meat case that was labeled "organic chicken" was not actually organic.  He didn't blink an eye and saw no problem with mislabeling.  When I asked why it was labeled organic he said it was from an Amish farm where they do things "old fashioned".  Next he bashed Whole Foods for mislabeling their grassfed beef and then gave me a definition of grassfed that was inaccurate.
I don't seek out a store like Tela's for the trendy decor, but for the actual products.  I'd like for you to label your products honestly so I can make informed purchasing decisions.  Amish is not the same as organic.  Organic is not the same as pastured.  And natural and old fashioned mean nothing.   
A note to the owner Dan Greenberg: Please educate your staff, from the chef to the folks working at the counter (who told me "I think our beef is vegetarian" - whatever that means), about what kinds of products you are selling, where they come from, and how they are raised.  
I was so looking forward to being able to support a local neighborhood market.  When you raise your standards, let me know.  I will gladly erase this review, write a new one, and begin shopping daily at your store, and spread the good word to my Fairmount neighbors. 
Here are some good links you can use to teach your staff about food terminology:
http://www.phillycowshare.com/grass-fed-beef
http://www.ams.usda.gov/AMSv1.0/ams.fetchTemplateData.do?template=TemplateC&leftNav=NationalOrganicProgram&page=NOPConsumers&description=ConsumersTela's is a little bright spot in the Fairmount section of Philly. Cool, hip, with friendly staff, great coffee drinks, omelettes and pancakes (we were here for breakfast). An open but cozy space with market area. We loved it!!I'm still not a fan of their overpriced pre-made/packaged options, but a recent salad has swayed me in favor of their made-to-order offerings. 
For around $8, I got a huge salad that was made up of baby kale, Brussels sprouts, apple, parmesan, parsley, raisins and walnuts. It was large, filling and fresh. Plus, it would have cost me time and money to get those ingredients and do this on my own. There was an option to add protein for an additional charge. I thought I was cool with going veggie for the day, but I was kind of longing for some chicken towards the end. 
My husband got a turkey club sandwich and enjoyed his as well. Again, there were ingredients in it that would have been a pain to buy and assemble if you just wanted one sandwich.
I won't be shopping at Tela's Market, but no doubt I'll return to their café.I ordered the Tela's omelette, and it was delicious! It was light and not oily or heavy. Great for a light yet filling brunch. The Lenny sandwich was also really good. Fresh lox always makes me happy.Big fan.  I'm started coming here to get work done out of the office, and now I'm sort of obsessed with it. 
 First I just started driving by, seeing what it was up to, then I graduated to sending Tela hourly facebook messages, now I write it a daily letter that gives it a minute by minute account of my day, with all of my associated thoughts and feelings.  Soon I'll be burning incense in my basement shrine next to the dolls I have stuffed with employee's hair.  Have I said too much?
So yeah,  I like this place.     
Decor is nice.  Some people knock the coffee, but I think it's good.  If you want an overly roasted turd, go to starbucks.  Tela's coffee is nice and light, how I like it..  Their pastries are great, (although a ttaaaaaaaaaaad expensive).  Food is good, and breakfast runs to 1:00pm because everybody knows breakfast food is where it's at.   And the prices on the sandwiches and salads are reasonable, given the quality of ingredients.  I think the portion sizes are fine. $8 for a big ass egg sandwich with homefries and bacon?  Yes please.
Service is friendly, but they aren't all up in your shit bothering you.  They just let you be, which is nice.
Definitely patronize.My boyfriend and I walked to Tela's for breakfast one morning as we'd never been but love trying new places. First of all, we loved that they're dog friendly at the outside tables. It was great to be able to have breakfast with the whole family, pup included :)
We both ordered iced lattes and they were as expected but a little weak on the caffeine for a latte. Wanted to add a bit maple syrup to the lattes for a touch of sweetness but they hadn't refilled their maple syrup container. No biggie, chose agave instead.
I ordered the oatmeal with fruit as I'm a consistent fan of hot cereals/porridges. I paid extra $ for the 'extra fruit' option. I was disappointed: the "extra fruit" was a few blueberries and raisins. That's all that was in the oatmeal in terms of fruit: a few blueberries and raisins. I wanted to ask if they had more fruit since I was paying extra for extra fruit and I saw they had extra fruits that they used for a fruit cup option another customer had ordered. Also the oatmeal was good, but nothing to write home about. I'd suggest seeking out another breakfast joint that has quinoa porridge/hot cereal if you're a hot cereal fan.
My boyfriend ordered an egg, cheese, and turkey bacon sandwich. There was way more bread/roll than sandwich, so he left the top of the roll off. Otherwise, he loved it and I tried it as well. The turkey bacon was delish and done right. His dish came with potatoes on the side to which we added sriracha and that was an added delectable bonus.
We didn't get to check out the market so I can't comment on that. All in all, Tela's is worth a chance if you're running out of places in the Fairmount area to try for breakfast and you have a little extra cash to spend, but I wouldn't suggest it as a first choice option if you're looking to be wowed or impress anyone from out of town. It's also great to bring the pooch with if you want to share a meal with a furry friend in the city.Everything I've tried has been delicious. The coffee is some of the best in the neighborhood - so much better than MugShots! I love the idea of having both a diner/sit down and eat section as well as a market/shopping section, definitely fills a void in the neighborhood. That said, the prices on the menu items and pre-made dishes are way too high. They have the best egg sandwich around, for sure, but its about $2 too expensive. I would absolutely be an every day customer if it wasn't for the high prices. Also, they definitely need more seating space (and more outlets available). As of now, it's not the best place to sit and work for a few hours as the staff is SO nice that they don't leave you alone and you end up feeling hovered over as you work.TELA's has become a regular market and restaurant for me, my friends and my family. They have the freshest produce around. The fish and meat selections are always fresh and a delight. They may cost a bit more. We just buy less and eat more fruit and veggies. Also TELA's so graciously helped our family with deliveries of awesome food during a very difficult time. Thank you!!!!Great little market pick up small grocery items and for coffee/food. Staff is super friendly!Tela's is a smidgen on the pricy side, but I'm a firm believer that you will ultimately get what you pay for. Quality is not lacking here, and that showed in the buttermilk fried chicken sandwich I had yesterday. The side salad had a lemon vinaigrette, which was delicious. An employee was nice enough to give us a shot of spiked hot apple cider, which made the trip perfect. Go, people, go. - SpoI visited for coffee/breakfast with a friend. My latte was great and my friend said her cappuccino and oatmeal were good too, and e oatmeal was good-sized. The menu looked good and I'll be back to try a breakfast sandwich sometime.  Prices seem pretty high but, given the number of families with multiple kids and high-end strollers, this doesn't seem like it will hurt the business. It'll just be more of a treat or meeting place for me.I hate to change a review to lower it (this is my first time), but in this case, it is necessary. True, a place like this is necessary in this area, and the decor is fabulous. However, Tela's really needs to follow through. Having been to the original Four Barrel and having had it at other coffee shops before, the coffee is honestly depressing here.  I don't know if it's untrained baristas, or its horribly watered-down, but their coffee is downright not good. It doesn't taste like Four Barrel at all, and for the amount of amazing lattes I can get elsewhere in the city, I probably will never get one here again.
This is a speciality "market", but the prices are too high and the portions are too small.  The breakfast burrito is minuscule. Also, I hate ordering something like a breakfast sandwich and getting nothing else with it!  Come on-- throw a piece of fruit or a couple greens on the side or something to make it seem more like a meal. 
I have been here about five times now, and honestly plan on avoiding it unless completely necessary, which really pains me.  They definitely have some work to do.I love this place! Traveling in the U.S. I sometimes find it hard to find places that serve price worthy healthy food, but this is perfect. Good service, nicely furnished, good menu, quality ingrediens. Top notch!Good food! Just don't come here if your in a rush.. 20 min to make me a salad.. Get the heck out of here!fresh, convenient and great service! Loved the fish tacos and Matteo sandwich. The atmosphere was great as well. Could be a nice place to study or grab a late lunch.Okay Tela's, you've been working hard on winning me over again. Since my last review, I've been here a lot. When a place is only a couple blocks away, it's hard not to stop by when you run out of eggs, need a quick latte, or have companions that want to grab a quick within-walking-distance lunch. Tela's has become a source for all of that, and has definitely stepped up their game the last few months. 
One of my initial complaints was the portion size, and this has definitely been worked on! The breakfast burrito is significantly bigger, and all the sandwiches come with a side dish. Yay! They also switched from serving Four Barrel coffee, which would be a bummer, except that the drinks are significantly better when made with Elixr. They also get different bread varieties delivered from Metropolitan daily, which has come in handy more than once.
It's still a speciality market, so prices are not cheap, but the quality is there. I always call ahead to ask if they have what I need, which means that I never ending up walking over and then being grumpy because they don't carry a particular product. I appreciate that they have been working to improve, and will continue to come back.I purchased BBQ chicken, Mac&cheese and meatballs. My son was eating the chicken when i noticed it was a little red. I cut the breast and noticed it was row and blooded. I hope my son does not get sick or this yelp review will blow up even more. I tried to call the Tela's but no one picked up the phone. 
If my son does get sick it will be on!!!
The respond on twitter - so i had to give them 3 for being responsive to the customer. I look forward to trying this place again. Cook that chicken good.I come here pretty regularly and usually just run in and grab something from their grab & go section (which is good, but they only ever have 2 types of sandwich so it's a little limited). Today I had a little extra time so I ordered a sandwich to go. There was a mixup in the kitchen and I was waiting for 30 minutes. At that point, the manager came over to see if everything was OK. I politely told him that I had ordered about 20-30 minutes ago and my to-go order wasn't out yet. He ran back to the kitchen, rushed my order out and refunded the cost of my sandwich (which wasn't necessary but I really appreciate the gesture). For that alone I would give this place a 5. In addition - the food & coffee is great. I've never bought from the market but everything always looks fresh & delicious.I had an awesome experience at Tela's! My friends and I went for breakfast recently and LOVED it! The interior is so cute and cozy. Half of the space is a well curated little market and the other half is the cafe. The cafe side has a few two and four top tables and then long, family style, wooden tables and benches for seating. 
We went for breakfast so only got to try things from that menu, but when the lunch menu opened at 11, the place got packed! So I'm sure the lunch menu is amazing too :) I had a breakfast sandwich with eggs, bacon, and cheese on a gluten free bread. I didn't see the GF bread mentioned on the menu but they did have it when I asked. They serve most of their breakfast plates with yummy potatoes. 
Coffee was also delicious! Tela's has soy and almond for dairy free milk options. I don't live in Phila anymore but will absolutely be making the trek up to spring garden when I'm in the city. This is such a delicious and cute cafe. Having breakfast here brightened my whole day!Awesome food. Friendly service. Great environment! 
Minus one star due to not having all ingredients to make an item ordered from the menu and being offered something completely different and less expensive well after ordering without being offered the price difference.Tela's, I love your convenience, but I honestly can't win with you lately... Specifically with the brussel & watercress salad. It's my favorite salad on the menu, but without fail, there's always an ingredient that's forgotten when I order it. A couple weeks ago, it came out without the brussel sprouts. I told the woman behind the counter I thought the brussel sprounts were missing from the BRUSSELS and watercress salad, and she told me that the barley is the brussel. Thinking I was lacking in memory and potential knowledge of barley variations, I sat down and enjoyed the salad. Today, I got the same salad to-go, and when I got home to open it, lo and behold, brussel sprouts were there! Unfortunately, the parmigiano reggiano was not. If there were better grab-and-go options in the neighborhood, I probably wouldn't frequent Tela's as much.I've passed this place so many times over the past year and never ever went inside to try it until this past Sunday. My experience was great and I wish I would've tried them out a long time ago. The dining area is small and intimate, perfect for a small brunch date. The wait to order food wasn't long considering how many people were in the line .. and the wait for my food was only about 15 minutes (and we were a party of 4). I ordered the fried chicken sandwich that came with fries (for $9) and it was DELICIOUS! The boneless chicken breast was breaded and fried to perfection and the sauce that came on it put the final touch to it. I didn't get the cole slaw that comes with it but my friend made me feel really bad about not getting it because it's so tasty lol. The french fries were done and not too crispy and well seasoned. And the customer service was on point as well, very friendly staff! I will definitely be coming back!Tela's has great ambiance, is in a great location, and it's food and menu are ok; if this review were based solely on that I would rate it 4 stars. The problem is the ridiculously long wait, which overwhelms everything else! Please fix this Tela's! I want to keep giving you my business but I don't always have 25 minutes to wait for pancakes.Came here for a nice breakfast today with my boyfriend, cousin, and his girlfriend and really enjoyed it. I ordered the tela's breakfast which included thick cut bacon, perfectly cooked eggs, crispy potatoes, and a thick piece of whole wheat toast. My boyfriend and cousin got the breakfast burrito and my cousin's gf got the brioche French toast (hers looked amazing!). We were all super happy with our meals and we were able to hang around and chat. Great start to the day!go-to coffee spot for the place i interned at. i also had a meeting here before. it's a cute little market but they also serve food and coffee. their coffee is pretty good and the staff is also nice. if i was ever in the area again, i'd stop by again.I got the green wrap which was very good! Unfortunately the service was very disappointing. One person in our group ordered the special and they completely forgot his order. They brought everyone else's food while my poor friend sat waiting. This was not noticed by the staff until he eventually had to go up to the counter and ask about it. All he got was a "sorry" and nothing else to try to amend the mistake. This place is not outstanding in any way. Skip it and find somewhere with outstanding service. If a mistake is made, you make it right. A free coffee, a small token, whatever. Something to make me feel warm and fuzzy, not "oops, here is your late, overpriced brunch."Greeted with a warm smile and the environment is calming. Ordered an egg sandwich, assuming it would just be an egg and bread. To my surprise, I was able to add avocado, lettuce and tomato, free of charge! It was delicious. The coffee was a bit strong for my taste and went cold when I added the milk (maybe too much). They happily replaced it with milder, sweeter coffee. The service was great and it's a welcoming breakfast place.This is a great fairmount option for a cafe work space that also has great food options. I have come here for brunch with a friend and also alone to do some work and use the wifi! The food always tastes fresh using high quality ingredients. I don't leave feeling gross, not the place if you're looking for greasy comfort food. 
Like all places in Fairmount it is better to walk here as parking is just side streets. If you have to drive, I'd try to get here before 5 as the parking gets increasingly worse.
I've had the Lenny for breakfast (a bagel with lox and the works) and the caprese sandwich. I recommend both!Very cute lunch spot. I had the roasted turkey sandwich and it was delicious. Lettuce, tomato, herb mayo and turkey. Staff was very nice as well. You order at the counter but they bring the food out for you. Wouldn't recommend for a big group, seating could be tricky. There is inside and outside seating!Tela's is what every neighborhood needs. It is what every person who lives in an apartment wants right below their apartment. Although Tela's goes above and beyond what you really want. 
Tela's has many grocery type items to purchase such as gourmet pastas, your basic yogurts, and many fresh and variant options of fruits and vegetables. It is PERFECT for when you are cooking a dinner and forgot that one ingredient and need somewhere close to run to get it. 
There are three keys to Telas.
1. The first key to Tela's is their specialty items. They have an entire butcher section, with different cuts of meats, right there for you. 
2. The second key to Tela's is their prepared foods. They have several upon several options of premade pastas, chickens, salads etc. that are an easy pick up on your way home and make it look like you really cooked type of meal. All looked sooo delicious. 
3. The third key to Tela's is the fresh hot food. That's right - you heard it! Brunch, sandwiches, grilled cheese, entrees, and most imporantly, delicious coffee.
In seriousness, anyone who goes here is going to run home to their landlords and want this in their neck of the city. The only thing about Tela's is that it is pricy. Very pricy.I've only experienced the coffee here, which is fantastic every time I get it. From what I can tell, they use beans from Four Barrel roasters in San Fran - a very wise choice. If you have the means, they offer interesting artisan/niche grocery.I brunched at Tela's over the weekend and I am so glad I did, what a delight! I wasn't sure what I was getting myself into as this is a no wait staff establishment, but once you can grab a table, either at a two top or at the two communal tables, you will be content! I had the Tela's breakfast- the eggs and bacon were cooked perfectly and those crispy potatoes are delicious! And my toast came with a butter and JAM! I was beyond happy! The coffee is great too!I will always give five stars to any kitchen that can prepare meals better than I can make at home.  Tela's quinoa salad with shrimp and avocado hits those markets.  Everything evenly coated in a refreshing lime-based dressing.  Fresh, plump shrimp.  Only the freshest salad greens and avocado.  My dining partner's roast turkey sandwich was perfection, too, and I greedily ate the leftovers, leaving none of the generous portion to bring home in a doggie bag for the pups.Telas. I do really want to love it here. The food is good and the staff are friendly. And the place is cute as can be. 
But, man, are they slow. Last week I waited over 25 minutes for the Chrissy salad. Which is literally chicken tenders and lettuce. And now I'm sitting for over 10 minutes waiting for a mocha. 
It's really too bad, because the slowness makes this convenient place...inconvenient.Grabbed lunch here with a friend for the first time; couldn't be happier! They have an extensive menu at reasonable prices, and everything was fast and yummy. I will definitely be back.Nice market/cafe/eatery very close to home.
Fresh, prepared items are always high quality, with prices that reflect so. I have never minded paying at Tela's, because the quality justifies the price. The meat and poultry are equally high quality, with fair prices. Additionally, there are a wide variety of sauces, condiments, fruits, vegetables, and other items that always make the visit interesting.
As for the cafe, I've only eaten there once, but based off the experience, I'm looking forward to what else is on the menu. I had the breakfast burrito with fried eggs. I think all breakfast burritos should have chorizo-potato hash. This breakfast will hold you over for most of the day - FYI. The coffee was great, comparable to other local coffee shops and a step up from the chain.
Finally, every staff member is a genuine treat to interact with. Very happy Tela's is around and so close to home!Telas is an excellent place. The little market is perfect if you're not willing or able to get to Whole Foods, and the people are really helpful!
The food is really good, and reasonably priced. Their breakfast is great- some of the best in Fairmount perhaps even at par with Sabrinas but it lacks the cafe feel which may give Sabrinas the edge. Their lunch sandwhiches are awesome as well- the turkey club is my favorite!
All in all- an excellent place. The prices are a tad high, but the food is quite worth it!GREAT place for brunch/lunch. Food was great, coffee was good. The market seemed a little expensive to me, pretty much like whole foods. But the the menu was reasonable. The counter service and wait staff were very friendly. Definitely will be back!I love the place but their food is over priced and inconsistent,  is always something different and the portions seem to get smaller and smaller ! The staff is great manager and Amanda always go out of the way to help .I had a great experience the past two times that I have been there. It is such a great friendly atmosphere. It seems to be a great "date" spot, or a lunch with mommy spot for the little ones.  So far I have had the Meatball parm, and the turkey club and I thought they were both great! If you are looking for bigger portions at a cheaper price a fastfood joint like McDonalds may be a  better choice for you, however if you are looking for quality , delicious foods then this is your place!  I found out today that they are now serving breakfast until 3 on the weekends which I am super excited about and I am looking forward to giving their breakfast menu a try next weekend! The only negative thing I could say is that there was no O.J. left when I got there.I've only been here once, but this was a great casual breakfast spot on a Saturday morning.  I definitely recommend it if you are in the Fairmount area.  I had the bacon, egg, and cheese sandwich with the side of potatoes.  It was nice to get an egg sandwich with over-easy eggs, and the bacon was crispy and delicious.  I also liked the potatoes.  Only negative was the ordering time, it seemed to take forever.  I'll still be back.Oh Tela's. You swooped into the neighborhood with the promise of being able to purchase a lemon without taking the 15 minute hike to Whole Foods. For a while, you were a staple. That cold brewed iced coffee was everything I wanted on Sunday morning, but then you gave me a raisin bagel with scallion cream cheese. Yes. you heard me. This came after I ordered an everything bagel with scallion cream cheese, waited for 20 minutes, asked about it, had an embarrassed employee inform me they were out of everything bagels and then reordered a raisin bagel with PLAIN cream cheese and received that monstrosity instead. Their cold brew has also taken a sad and watery turn. The problem is that it used to be so good, and then, like a teenager pilfering the liquor closet and trying to hide the evidence, for some reason, they think we won't notice that they are scrimping on cold brew. Just stop watering it down. I'll even pay a few more cents for a better product. 
Not to harp, there are lots of great things about Tela's. Their seltzer selection. Their amazing guacamole. The phenomenal bagels that are actual bagels and not just the gluey bread rings you find in most Philadelphia establishments. The convenience of having them in our neighborhood. Unfortunately, the inefficiency of their register system and the watered down iced coffee is tainting the joy I used to feel when entering the store.Just visiting, but my husband and I stopped in and both ordered the pulled pork sliders.  We were expecting them to be "just ok" but they were AMAZING!  The bun was toasted/buttered, and the cole slaw topping was a great addition.  We commented a few more times during our  visit that we wished we could go back.  The iced coffee was also A+.
It was an off-time so the restaurant was fairly empty.  We were able to leisurely enjoy our meal at our own pace, and linger a little longer to enjoy the A/C.  I could see this place getting super crowded with strollers, etc on a busy time.Fresh food choices. Tela's is relaxed and laid back. Great for meeting up with friends for coffee or your study group. Friendly and courteous staff. Awesome breakfast place. We dined on Sesame Bagels with scallion cream cheese, and Tela's Breakfast with eggs, bacon, potatoes and coffee. Score!Every Philly neighborhood needs a place like Tela's. They have coffee, breakfast, prepared foods, produce, meat and seafood counter, and cheeses! It's perfect when you need that one thing you forgot at the regular store, or are too tired/lazy to cook dinner and would rather eat fancy cheese with fancy crackers instead.
One star off for somewhat high prices. At $2.75 plus tax for a large drip, it's not worth going every morning on my way to work.Last week I got a chance to go to one of my favorite bookstores along Fairmount Avenue and while returning home I walked by what looked to be a deli.
 Turns out,  it was a bit more than a deli. It was a deli, a market, a coffee shop and a kitchen. It was Tela's Market & Kitchen. Not the typical deli or market you'd expect.
 What would be considered the market area is small but checks out for what one could get for breakfast, lunch or dinner at home but if you wanted to have either you could do so there because there's lots of seating. I spotted the Lasagna that was $13.99/lb, not bad for the large slice with my name on it waiting between the tongs. I had to order quick before someone with telepathy got the same idea and would mess my whole experience up, hahahaha. 
No one was working that side of the counter so I got in the already long line with the others. It moved quickly and I was shortly served by the polite, accurate, multi-tasking cashier who while being attentive to my service, she was as well to the current customer in the process. I was impressed. Nice job, cashier associate. The price came to $9.63 which wasn't too bad considering other places.  I was told It had to be heated up downstairs and it would take 20min.
 Ok, not a problem. It looks good. I'm hungry. I'll wait. I took my number and had a seat at the picnic styled table but later moved to a window seat where I like to people watch. The slice arrived and my appetite kicked in more. I shook some salt on it, took a bite and it was warm but not HOT. Lasagna needs to be HOT or heated enough to enjoy. This was the only downside of the visit however it was very good and made just as I would have made it only it was not at the temperature I would have liked. All in all my first time being here was quiet and relaxing. I'm just going to need the hot foods for my potential visits to be at higher temperatures.Tela, I knew you and I would start a beautiful friendship. I mean, you're the same name as a Phish song after all. It just upsets me that you moved into the neighborhood just as I moved out. What's up with that? 
Tela is the sweetest little corner market in the sweetest neighborhood in the city, Fairmount. It's a beautiful space!! From the industrial chic ceilings with the vines and twinkling lights above to the reclaimed wood communal tables, vintage cart and display baskets, it really is just the cutest!! 
Unfortunately, I didn't dine in, but I am definitely coming back to do so and I'll bring the whole gang. The food looked delicious! 
I did however come to grab some dinner and explore a bit. The prices are somewhat high, but I'm used to spending natural food store prices so comparatively speaking, they're pretty average. I purchased some BBQ pulled pork and Mexican salad from the prepared food counter, house salsa verde and cotton candy grapes for $4.99/lb. Total for those four items was $25. The fam dug everything. All of the prepared foods looked pretty delicious and like they were created with care. The stacked meatloaf was adorable and even had piped mashed potatoes on top. I say try some of these items for a quick din. 
I loved the make your own flower bouquet option! I equally loved the fact that they support local businesses. A few I noticed were tortilla chips from Xochitl, Zsa Zsa ice-cream and High Point coffee. 
I will definitely be shopping here again, probably next week in fact and I am putting on my list of places to try for brunch.I've been going to Tela's for several months now, usually for breakfast or to grab some quick groceries as I live right down the street.
Today I went in to pick up some breakfast for my boyfriend and me. They are very fast and efficient in getting the line moving - with one person working the register and another grabbing coffee orders. They also take orders at the center counter, which is helpful when the line is really long.
I got a large iced coffee (their coffee is delicious) and sat down to wait for my order to be ready. This is where it gets interesting. I started feeling like I was about to pass out - dizzy, lightheaded, and anxious. I've never passed out in my life, but I somehow knew it was about to happen. Maybe it was the fact that I had not eaten nor drank anything.
I went looking for water and could feel the room spinning. I hurried to the center counter and asked the girl working there for water and let her know I felt like I was going to pass out. Not only did their staff give me water, orange juice, and a banana, but this girl sat down with me and talked me through it until I was feeling well enough to go home.
I already loved Tela's, but now I'm head over heels. Amazing service, delicious food, and a true neighborhood vibe.I love Tela's because it has a large, open floor plan that is perfect for large groups. It's a trendy, hipster market that serves coffee, bagels, sandwiches, salads, juices and some grocery items. It definitely offers more than your average coffee shop which is especially nice if you're looking for something different.
They're a great place if you're looking to study or get work done. They have some small, individual tables and a few extra long dining tables where multiple parties can sit at once. The service was good when I went, although they seemed to be running out of a lot of their bagel options, so I was forced to change the type of bread even after ordering. 
They're a little pricey for my taste, but they serve really fresh ingredients which you can't complain about! I got a detox juice which they blended together right in front of me with all fresh fruits and veggies. I was very happy with how it turned out. 
I like this place because it's different and serves good food. I also like that they have a large space, which is hard to find in coffee shops. I'll definitely be back.Very nice place with tasty and filling sandwiches. Portions are really good too.
Service was great and the place has a nice atmosphere. 
And other then buying lunch or breakfast, you can get you groceries shop done although it's a little more expensive then Whole Foods and the other markets around the area.Wow, this place makes me miss living in Philly.  This was my go to brunch spot.  The food was always amazing - usually got the French toast and a breakfast sandwich.  I loved the option to grab some fresh produce after my meal.  Such a cute atmosphere - I hope to return soon!So glad this place opened- what a great addition to the neighborhood! It's so nice to have a place to get quality meats/produce 2 blocks away from my house, and the prepared food will be an excellent option for nights when I don't feel like cooking. Prices are higher than, say, Shop Rite, but the quality is very good and the convenience of being just 2 blocks away is worth the extra money. 
I haven't been in for breakfast yet (an employee said it's only served until 11:30am), but lunch at the cafe is excellent. Thanks to bringing a few generous dining companions I got to try the: buttermilk fried chicken sandwich, meatball parm sandwich, roasted chicken wrap, turkey club, and kale salad. All were delicious and I'm looking forward to going back to try everything else!
My only real criticism can be attributed to having not been open very long, and having brand new employees: my fiance had to wait a really long time in the grocery line because the woman running the checkout didn't know what any of the vegetables were, or how to find them in the checkout software. She had to ask shoppers about each item before ringing it up. "What's this one? Oh, ok a beet... And this one? Oh, ok it's ginger..." According to my fiance, this turned what would have been a 30 second purchase at any other grocery into several minutes. But I'm sure all the employees will get a better feel of both the selection and the checkout software as they continue working.The place continues to improve every month.  The breakfast and lunch sandwiches are not only great values but the absolute best in the Fairmount neighborhood.  My favorites include the sausage and egg breakfast sandwich and the short rib sandwich.  Hands down they dominate every other similar establishment in the neighborhood including rybread, mugshots, and OCF which is the worst.I've come to Tela's so many times with my boyfriend and are never disappointed! From their coffees and smoothies to fresh sandwiches and salads they do not disappoint! Also the market is super cute with all the essentials and staff are always super nice and helpful!Great spot to grab a delicious breakfast or to meet someone for a cup of coffee. They have tons of seating here and they're coffee is phenomenal. I stopped in on my trip to philly and grabbed an espresso and the egg sandwich with bacon which was fresh and delicious!!! Definitely check this place out!My new favorite spot in Fairmount for fresh salads and prepared foods.  I can't wait to enjoy a cheese or charcuterie board with some wine at one of Tela's tables outside in the summer.  Everything I've tried so far is delicious (srichacha chicken salad, charred Brussels, spinach salad with Gorgonzola, red onion, and sundried tomatoes).  Also a good spot to bring the books and enjoy a coffee while studying. Service is excellent and friendly!We recently hosted a private event at Tela's and I can't express how perfect it was. If 10 stars was an option that's what we'd give.  They took care of everything, food was great, the setting was beautiful, and their coordination was spot on. Their general manager, Erica, took such good care of us so that we could relax and enjoy the event while she and the staff did everything.  I knew Tela's was beautiful, but at night it was gorgeous. A few guests literally used the word "magical" about the rustic tables with candles and flowers on them and the twinkling Edison light bulbs and vines hanging above with everything reflecting off of the full length windows. Having the whole place to ourselves allowed our guests to really spread out and be able to both mingle as well as feel that we were having an intimate, private dinner. We can't thank Tela's and Erica enough for helping us celebrate our mother's birthday in such a fun and classy way.I don't get the hype.  The neighborhood folks highly recommend this place so after a first try disappointing try I gave it a 2nd shot and it was worse than the first.  If you live in the area and need to pick up produce or want a hot beverage then it's a great recommend as there is nothing close by but the prepared foods are lousy.  First visit ordered a salad that was made fresh the menu board made it sound sort of amazing when it came it was a bed of lettuce with a drizzle of dressing and that's it.  Not only bland but very overpriced.   I had no desire to ever go again until I received another highly recommend from a neighborhood friend.  In a hurry and hungry while driving by I opted to give the 2nd try.  This time I went for a grab and go in the case.  I opted for a veggie wrap.  Seriously overpriced, bland again and the worst part a soggy refrigerator tasting wrap.  Service both times was far from with a smile.  I am definitely NEVER going back.  Tons of awesome restaurants in the fairmount area don't waste your time at Tela's.Just might be the best turkey sandwich I have ever had. Add the bacon and you won't be disappointed.Ordered blackened fish tacos (Mahi). Inedible due to level of seasoned salt on the crust plus spicy aoli. Sloppily plated as well. Could not eat it after taste testing fish on the three tacos offered. Chef needs to rethink this $15 dish.I wouldn't recommend the restaurant part, some groceries yes, very expensive, the setting is ok, 
The quality of food high I just wasn't amazed of their cooking skills...Similar to other reviews, I was very excited for this place to open. I try to support local small places when I can. But was disappointed. 
Positives: decor. 
Negatives: 
Extremely small menu selections and breakfast stops at 11:00, including weekends so it limits it even further. 
Coffee was weak. 
Portions are extremely small. 
Staff is uneducated. I asked if there were other ingredients in the salad besides what was listed and the response was, "I'm not really sure." When she asked someone else, they didn't know either. The third person looked it up on a list that apparently the other two didn't know existed. 
Saturday afternoon and the only juice selection was apple. Most of the case was empty. 
Worst thing though is after my first try there I got what I thought was the flu but after my second try there my roommate and I both got sick. No way that's a coincidence. 
Some serious changes need to be made for me to consider coming back.Had the misfortune of eating here a few times. The BL(A)T is decent. An adequate, somewhat creative take on the classic BLT. The buttermilk fired chicken sandwich is in the same boat, decent. Nothing inspiring. The Banh Mi tacos were insultingly bland. A massive disappointment to anyone who's ever wished for flavor in their life. I would've almost preferred that the tacos tasted bad, to at least indicate that some kind of creative effort was involved in creating a modicum of originality to a classic dish. But no. Just exceptionally bland. Shredded carrots and cucumbers were thrown in. Clearly a lazy effort as they were just recycling items they had left over from their lousy salads. Sad!Bought chestnuts hear around the Holidays and would have to guess about 1/3 of them were dry and molded.
They have extended the breakfast hours since my first review which is nice, and also seemed to have improved the size of the breakfast sandwiches as well as add homefries to them which is nice.  The people that work the counter continue to be painstakingly slow however.  When a line is 6 people deep, the girl at the register should not be the only one at the coffee counter so that when coffee runs out she has to stop taking orders to grind beans, load the grinds, and make coffee.  Then returns with a smile and a "hello" oblivious to the fact that you just waited in line 5 minutes to order a large iced coffee which is basically the same size of a small anywhere else.This place is definition of hipster vibe - you have a well placed grocery connected to a fun brunch interior. Good hot chocolate, and I always get the BLT. Their seared tuna salad is also a staple in my diet. Whenever trying to decide a place to get lunch or breakfast, I always end up coming here. The wait can sometimes be intense, but I leave satisfied.The food here is absolutely amazing. Favorite place to go as a Fairmount resident! Breakfast selections and lunch selections are hands down the best in the neighborhood and it also has a little food market attached. Very unique and comfortable.Great food- but this isn't a food review. It's a service review. Why are we coming back? Two lovely young women at the counter several Sundays back. We joked with them that for our review we'd use the codenames Gabby and Elise. 
We'd taken forever just to find a nice brunch spot... tired of the same ol' haunts. We hadn't tried Tela's- (as we're not from the immediate neighborhood). Previously we'd simply driven by- having assumed Tela's was simply an upscale market of sorts. Nope- We both had a great meal- and would have picked up some fine looking groceries on our way out, had we not stocked up at Whole Foods (Whole Paycheck) the day before.
Anyhow- please get  some well deserved Kudos to those great ladies that worked the counter August 2nd. The brought a smile- and what pairs better with a tasty breakfast?*insert Tina Belcher noise of uncertainty*
Uhhhhhhhh.....
Well, it wasn't bad. But it wasn't particularly good. 
Tela's was recommended for their short rib sandwich by our Airbnb hosts. We were so sad to see, when we stopped in for lunch, that the dish is no longer on the menu. So we worked around it. I wanted the brussels sprouts side....but those are only available at dinner time. So be aware....there are two large chalkboard menus hanging from the ceiling. They are menus for *different* meal times. 
So...we were at more misses than hits before we even found something to order.
For budget and hydration reasons (it was hot AF, y'all) we just stuck with water to go with our lunch. Plastic cups and a water dispenser is opposite the register, next to one of the exits. It was cold, it was refreshing, I was happy.
I ordered the Matteo sandwich. It was....meh. Too big for me to actually eat as a sandwich, too many tomatoes for my liking. And the bread was so, so hard! So I just figured I would eat the insides. Some of the meats seemed impossible to chew! And the salad that came with the meal was basically just the lettuce from ON the sandwich...I wasn't impressed.
Brad G got the pulled pork sliders which he let me try. They were much better than my sandwich, and the fries that came with them were GREAT. Best part of the meal. It's not the greatest thing when the best part of the meal is a side dish....
It is also a little market. Very charming looking. But a brief walk through that area (to make use of the restroom) had me thinking prices seemed high...
If I found myself back in the area, I might be interested to check them out for breakfast/brunch. But other than that, I would pass on it.So I've just become aware of the fact that I like to keep this place secret (even though, clearly, you all know about it).  Ya know why? Because I love it too much and it's too darn small to share!!
Though Tela's has been in the Fairmount area for years, I've only recently (in the last year) began making it one of my weekly visit spots.  Parking is not as awful as other parts of Fairmount, but it sure isn't always easy (the main reason why I'm not there every day).  
I've found it to be a great place to "work from home" from (when I need to get out of my house and see life) and a wonderful spot to grab a light, delicious lunch.  I've been a big fan of their daily lunch specials (always something new it seems- all good!!!) and fresh produce. Surprisingly, I think their prices are pretty damn good and of solid quality.  
Staff is friendly.  The market area and ambience of the place is just so cute (very country chic) and welcoming - I love sitting in there on a Friday afternoon and finishing up reports whilst people watching :) 
Okay, well, I've done my good deed for the day.  I've given up another favorite spot of mine...sigh.For the love of God why do you have only one person taking orders, making coffee, and running the front of the house at 8:30 in the morning? It takes foreverrrrr here. It's so painful. The lines get so long. So frustrating. Tela's I love you but this is ridiculous! 
I am writing this using your free wifi while waiting for my bagel.So, I like many others that have reviewed Tela's am in LOVE with the food. I agree that they have just the right amount of selection. You can tell care is taken in the preparation process. I personally love the Omelette with sharp provolone, arugula, and ham (thought I substitute the ham for sausage no problem or extra cost) for breakfast, the turkey club for lunch, and their coffee cake (which is TO DIE for). 
Here are my qualms with Tela's:
Having been in customer service for many years, I TRUELY appreciate good customer service, good quality products, and speed/efficiency. 
Tela's is great with the second, good quality products. 
But with customer service, and speed/efficiency, they fall very short. I keep going back because of the specialty menu items that I like, I love the little hipster home town vibe it's got going on, but I may stop giving this place my business if things don't change. I will preface that one time I messed up my online sandwich lunch order for the turkey club and they were more than happy to fix it no issue.  
1) I ordered pancakes for a friend and the omelette for myself for pick-up service. This time, because I know about the time issue, I ordered over the phone. I came in and it was ready (thank God!). I asked the man, who was nonchalant, if the syrup for the pancakes was in the box and if I could have a side of strawberry jelly for the toast that came with my omelette. He replied that the syrup was indeed in the box and that my jelly would be right out. 10 min later I receive my side of jelly (WTF??), and upon getting home my friend opens the pancakes and viola!, NO SYRUP! Because of the distance we opted for the corner store to get some cheap syrup. An easy mistake yes, and I should have checked my bag before I left so I take the blame, but I did confirm with him, and instead of asking me to check the sales person just replied with a sound yes. 
2) Because I'm hooked on that omelette I order it again, and some of the delicious coffee cake after a long Saturday morning run. I again pre-order for pickup and when I get there it is ready, but the line is long and for some reason the cashier has to keep switching from the kitchen register, to the market register (annoying). It takes about 10 min for me to get to the front, she rings me and packs up my food, and I had to remind her about the coffee cake (again, annoying). So then I again ask for a side of jelly, and tell her the story of the pancake fiasco the day prior. She apologizes about the pancakes while giving me an excuse, "he probably thought you said no syrup," to which I replied, "no, I had the bag in my hand and specifically asked if the syrup was in the box containing the pancakes." She again apologized and put in my order for jelly, which next time I will MAKE SURE to specify while ordering. Again, 10 min later, after re-asking another associate, my side of jelly comes up. I thank her and leave. But seriously, HOW LONG DOES IT TKE TO GET A SIDE OF JELLY? Is there something I'm missing? 
LOL, well that has been my experience thus far.I live a couple blocks away from Tela's and find it to be a great brunch spot. I went here with a friend and got the breakfast burrito and she got the lox bagel, and we split both. Both were delicious. I replaced the crema in my breakfast burrito with goat cheese--such a great idea. The burrito was filling, and my favorite part was that the egg wasn't scrambled, it was just a sunny side up egg along side of chorizo and black beans and potatoes, mmmm. The lox bagel had all the usual fixins', but I found the lox to be really fresh and flavorful.
Only reason why I give Tela's 4 stars is because I find that their grocery's are a bit pricey (it comes out to almost a dollar for a pretty small pepper...). But if you're in a pinch, it probably has what you need grocery-wise. And the brunch is fantastic!!Definitely a must try in the neighborhood. We've lived here about a year and a half and somehow always missed making our way here but decided to try it out this rainy weekend morning. First of all it was surprisingly PACKED! I got the special French toast (duh. ) and alex got the breakfast burrito and an iced coffee. Noteworthy things included the amazing breakfast potatoes. Seriously; get those. Fresh ricotta and blackberries and free almond or soy milk. Well be back!Unbelievable food, incredibly overpriced. Breakfast sandwiches are fantastic, and some of their readymade food is tasty tasty, but I feel like they're literally robbing me when I check out. It makes me so sad.I am SO happy this place has opened.  This end of Fairmount needed something sassy, and I needed a closer place to run off to when I forget one of my ingredients to make dinner and don't want to make the trek to Whole Foods.  Two nights ago, I realized I was out of balsamic vinegar for my homemade salad dressing and that is when Tela's Market came in.  I picked up a wine-bottle size amount for $10- not bad!  The fresh produce looks awesome, the design inside is sleek (subway tiles behind the deli... swoon), and everyone was super friendly.  The meat man even encouraged us to call ahead and said he would make sure to get in a big pork butt for when we want to have taco night :) I can't wait to try the prepared food (it all looked so good, especially those brussels!), but I was the most excited about Four Barrel coffee!! I have yet to see Four Barrel outside my adventures to the mission in San Francisco, and this little taste of the west coast made me feel all warm and fuzzy inside.  Plus, their logo is a dog. Could it get any better? I think not.Local corner market with great selection of fresh sandwiches and side dishes. Everything is delicious- but you pay for the quality. We bought 2 side dishes to go with our dinner and it was $18 for mac and cheese and mashed potatoes. I was annoyed until I ate the food- it was incredible. The quality makes up for the price.$5 minimum on purchases with credit card? Really?  Don't you sell coffee and most drinks are under $5?  Nobody carries cash any more, this is the kind of 'nickel and diming' that loses good customers...I really love this little and somewhat expensive market. Inside is a coffee shop, good selection of cheeses, snacks, and anything you might need to pickup last minute to cook (produce, salad, milk, etc). The meats and seafood are pricey but again, this place is very convenient. I spent $14 on a smaller bag of tortilla chips, salsa roja, and guacamole. The salsa and guac were delicious, though. I recently went back for another serving of that salsa. The employees are super friendly, too.I absolutely adore this place! I've been here twice now for breakfast before heading to campus and It's been awesome both times. 
I ordered the turkey bacon, egg and cheese on brioche my first time here and it was very tasty and so filling! The eggs come over easy, but I prefer my eggs over medium, and they were cooked PERFECT! Just the right amount of runniness, not too runny, but not solid either so I enjoyed every little bit. The breakfast sandwiches comes with crispy potatoes and they are so yummy! I loved that it was still crispy in the take out container even though I didn't get to my meal about 10  minutes later! 
My second visit was later in the day so I decided to try one of their soups: the shrimp and roasted corn chowder and I LOVED it! So fresh and the serving size is quite a good size! There were small whole shrimps in the chowder and since it was a chowder, I was expected it to be a little thicker, but it was great the way it was: a little thinned out so then it wasn't so heavy! 
The staff here is super friendly! They greet their regulars like family and the atmosphere and environment of this place is amazing. Very homey, comforting, local shop feel. The seating here is communal and there is outside seating as well. They have fresh groceries, organic produce, and ready-to-go food as well (salads, wraps, sandwiches, dips). 
Tela's is a little on the pricier side and sometimes waiting for your order to-go can take a little while, it's worth it! I know I'll be getting fresh, high quality food, so I don't mind waiting :)This place is great!! Their entire menu is fresh and reasonably priced.  I go here often for lunch and their quick service and delicious product keep me coming back.Lovely little market in Fairmount with a stellar coffee bar and really scrumptious pastries! I had a London Fog, which was perfect and I loved that they had it on the menu. There's nothing worse than being in the mood for a fog, trying to order one and being met with a blank stare. They used almond milk for mine. Yum! I also ordered a flaky butter croissant and it served as an excellent (but MESSY) road trip snack. I didn't browse the market part itself, but looks like they have a nice selection and a juice bar as well. The big communal tables looked inviting and there were plenty of folks enjoying a fun weekend breakfast. So sad I discovered this place right before I hit the road, but I'll definitely be back when I get back to Philly.A great addition to the neighborhood! Though groceries are a little pricey, telas is perfect if you are looking for something special to pick up. 
I also had the best fish tacos of life there this weekend off of their specials menu. They were perfectly crispy and flaky and had awesome pickled jaleopenos. 
All of the staff are very friendly- def a fav place!Is this place joking? I had such high hopes, but thus far I have been unimpressed. Everything is very pricey but unimpressive looking. I came in once looking for a cake or dessert to bring to a party. They had nothing like that. Today I spent over $4 on a terrible cup of iced coffee. To add insult to injury the barista tried to fill my cup (which already had ice in it) 3/4 of the way and then just add more ice so that she wouldn't use up her pitcher. For $4, I expected so much more. Too bad the coffee was so weak it looked like iced tea and tasted like water. 
Maybe I would try a sandwich, but I don't think I will be rushing back here anytime soon.A nice addition to the neighborhood! Finally, an alternative to trying-too-hard OCF and burned-coffee Mugshots. Nice decor, comfortable atmosphere sans the stroller crowd that tends to populate OCF and friendly staff!Tela's you deserve an update. I've seen tremendous improvement in customer service in the past few months-hooray! You're becoming my go-to, as I always wanted you to be. See you soon for a yummy bagel, now prepared in a totally acceptable time frame. Keep it up, Tela's!!!My sister and I hit this place up for lunch.  It was delightful.  The staff was extremely pleasant and service was quick. I loved that you got a light salad on the side. It was a refreshing difference from the standard chips or fries usually I'd expect. The food was very good quality. They're was just enough variety. There is some outdoor seating as well if you go on a nice day. The market part was tinier than expected but solid.  A great local spot in Fairmount.This is the most convenient place; I can grab breakfast/lunch/snack and do grocery shopping too! I probably go here at least 3 times a week. All of the produce is delicious (in taste & appearance), staff is very friendly. I've only ordered food here once; a bagel & coffee. Neither were worth praise, but decent. It's so great to have a place like this in philly when grocery stores are so hard to find. There should absolutely be more establishments like this.The food here is so delicious and fresh! All of the employees are super friendly and attentive to their customers. Great atmosphere, great produce and prepared foods. All of the breakfast items I've had so far have so many great flavors and textures and the salads and sandwiches are wonderful too. I would definitely recommend this place to someone who wants great food and or coffee in a relaxed and funky environment.This place is amazing! Great food at a decent price. Good place to grab some basic groceries. The staff are all some of the friendliest people I've met. They're awesome to interact with.  The free coffee refills also get huge points for me, personally.
It's been my go-to place for a morning meal and coffee. It's not an awkward spot to open a laptop and do work rather than some where you feel like a creep in the corner.I love Telas! One of my favorite spots to grab coffee, a snack or lunch in Fairmount. The food is delish. Their brunch is on point. And you can always grab something to go if you are on the run. They have a nice balance of healthy salads but also yummy food like pancakes and egg sandwiches. They also have a nice market to grab some groceries. The staff is always friendly and helpful. I'm a reg here and don't plan on stopping any time soon!This is a lovely little neighborhood health food grocery and restaurant. I had lunch and breakfast here. Delicious food and delightful atmosphere!This was my first time, and I doubt I'll actually be in the area again to try them out again. However, as I waited to order, I was looking around for the prices for the " pastries". When I walked in, I expected to be able to get an apple turnover or danish or a croissant. I only noticed a few muffins, brownies and cookies BUT NO PRICES listed anywhere. I didn't like that at all but I said I would still try it out. I asked what the muffins were, I guess the guy on register was new or just not used to being on register because he wasn't ready for my questions. He asked the original guy who was on register, now making coffees, what half of them were. I decided on a chocolate chips muffin. Then I asked if the iced tea was sweet. The register guy asked other now coffee guy, Omar, was it sweeten, Omar replied yes. So I agreed to get a sweet iced tea. The register guy asked large or small? I didn't notice a difference in the size of cup or see a price for 2 sizes. So I asked how much was it, now the signage said 2.5 but it didn't say anything about size. The register guy rung up a small on the register and replied 2.76.... so I was all the way confused. I again agreed to purchase a sweet tea and my chocolate chip muffin. He told me my total way $6.82. I was alil taken aback because I could have went to Dunkin Donuts and got everything for about $4. But I agreed to pay and I received my items I never received a receipt which bothered me. As I walk to my car I tried my iced tea, and no it wasn't sweet. I went back inside, and Omar was back at the register. So I ask Omar if they had sweet tea in this time Omar said no is simple syrup and he pointed to where I could get that. So needless to say, I was not expecting my visit to be or turn out that way. And now I know and I wanted to let everyone else know. Stick to what you know LOLWe had dinner at Tela's last week-end and it was amazing, the food was wonderful and each course was better than the last.  The food was fresh and the chef used local ingredients.  The decor was great with candles buring everywhere and great music playing in the background.  I can't wait to go back and try some of the items from the market.  I highly recommend booking the table at the restaurant for a special occasion soon, I know that we will be going back in the future to share this experience with other friends and family, I promise you will not be disappointed.Ordered the chicken sandwich and Matteo a few weeks ago and enjoyed both. Placed the same order tonight and the Matteo roll was easily a week old. Completely ruined an otherwise solid sandwich. Things happen I get it, but for $11 I'm just not in a hurry to go back when there are so many other options aroundFirst, let me say that I LOVE the food and think Tela's is an incredible addition to the neighborhood. We have been regulars since they opened up, and their fish tacos are one of my favs.
I am worried for Tela's, though, because over the past two or three months service has dropped in quality.  Staff are less attentive and service is incredibly slow. I'm not sure if something has changed internally, but we feel a difference. I had to wait 15 minutes just to get a cup of coffee this morning. When the market first opened, staff was incredibly friendly and efficient...
We love you Tela's, but please look in to whatever is happening with staff training and accountability.Came in here early today to have the banh mi sandwich and it was delicious. Everything on it really went well together. I really enjoyed the way they cooked the pork. All in all it is my go to sandwich now.I eat here a lot, since it's close to my apartment and is great for weekend brunch or dinner takeouts when I don't want to venture outside of Fairmount. However, every time I eat here I usually ask myself why. The food is always good, but not great. The only great item that I've ever had off the menu is the BLAT sandwich. I would HIGHLY recommend it. Tela's does have a great ambiance, especially in the winter when they have a tree set up and poinsettias placed throughout the restaurant.  The staff is always super friendly and attentive. I just wish they had more "great" tasting items on their menu.In the couple of months that I've known about Tela's, I've probably gone at least 30 times. Truly everything on the menu is delicious and their staff is extremely nice and helpful. It's a market and a foodery all in one and you can either get takeout or stay in. I mostly opt for staying in. 
The best things I've tried are
(Breakfast):
Egg sandwich
Veggie omelet 
Brioche French toast
Granola bowl
Oatmeal 
(Lunch):
Turkey sandwich- with avocado
Fried chicken sandwich
You really can't go wrong with anything on the menu. I love Tela's and will continue coming back pretty much every day.I've eating here several times, but they took one of the best tasting salmon sandwiches I've ever had off the menu. Please bring it back on that good biroche bun.... OMG but the food is good.Delicious delicious delicious!  Try the egg sandwich, incredible! Quick service or perfect to pick up and go, really inexpensive too!! Love!!!I live around the corner from here and to say I am here often is an understatement.  I bring out of town guests here and always recommend it.  Today I had a truly terrible experience that is making me reconsider.  I came To buy something from the deli counter.  The woman on the other side was ringing customers at the register.  There was another gentleman by the deli who ignored me and two people behind the coffee bar with no customers who saw me and did not offer to help.  I waited a few minutes for the woman to finish her line of customers.  Wen she finished the line of customers she just walked away without offering to help me!  Ignored by every employee in the store in an area that requires assistance (purchasing weighted foods from behind a counter).  What a mess.Quality ingredients but portions were small, so much so that my friend had to order a second lunch because he was still hungry. 
Inconsistency - I went around noon and wanted something from the breakfast menu but was told that they were only serving lunch items. However my friend who ordered at a different register was able to order breakfast. Boo.I'm a regular here and come often. The breakfast is awesome, they have good coffee, and I've always been happy with the product selection. Great place and atmosphere to relax and get some work on my laptop done while sipping on a latte. Prices can be high but the quality has always matched the expectation.I finally had a chance to check out Tela's Market and I'm not overly impressed. At least not with the market portion. 
This neighborhood took a blow with the closing of Feders produce shop, leaving Whole Foods as the best produce option. The selection and variety with Tela's was there but the prices were just higher than market rate. At that point, I'd rather just go to Whole Foods.
I didn't try the kitchen or the coffee portion of the shop, but I was really looking to Tela's to fill that locally owned produce void in my life. The food menu looks good however it wasn't anything too special. You can find most of the options at Mugshots or OCF down the street. 
I'd be interested in trying out one of Tela's Dinner Table events but from what I've seen, the events come at a higher price point. 
Overall, Tela's isn't a bad addition to the neighborhood; I just had different expectations from this type of place.Disappointing. For such a large space this place not offer much. The restaurant side has a very small menu and is largely overpriced. The grocery section offers nothing unique and is again overpriced. It's more worth your time to visit the nearby Whole Foods.I want to love Tela's, I really do, but I pretty consistently just like it. The biggest problem is the wait. I don't understand how it regularly takes upwards of 20 minutes for a toasted bagel with cream cheese...especially when it's not crowded. The food is really, really good, but it's infuriating to stand there thinking that you're never actually going to see that kale salad (which is fab) that you ordered. Tela's basically next door to my house, but I've passed on it and walked to one of the other number of cafes on numerous occasions because I couldn't stomach the thought of the wait. 
The market is a much-needed addition to the neighborhood, but I hope, given the space they have, they continue to expand. The prices and quality are reasonable, but more options would be lovely. 
The iced latte is a go-to for me, and coffee is something that you generally don't have to wait a year for. 
Also, get the guac. It's to die for.Tela's is a cool little local market/cafe in my neighborhood. They have a mixture of fresh foods and pre cooked items, along with a small menu to order from. it's a bit pricey, but it's nice to go pick up something quick. I highly recommend the breakfast sandwich for $5. it's a b ig brioche bun with egg, cheese and then bacon or sausage with potatoes. Can't beat that. I ordered a burger one day, but it was cooked to death and had ZERO seasoning on it. I also got a few ounce piece of prime rib in the afternoon, which is great! they sell it by the ounce, around $1.50 per ounce.I lived across the street from this joint as it was being built, and the early weekend construction hours made me curse its very existence. Now that it's open, I can safe to say it was well worth it, gang. The sandwiches are great, the coffee is strong and fruit/produce/groceries are plentiful. However, without a doubt the best part is the staff, both helpful and adorable. The three female employees working in the dining area on a recent Saturday afternoon were lovely and all came over to our table to make sure my friends and I had everything we needed. Warm smiles were just what we needed on a snowy afternoon, so much so that we all came back the very next day. Great marketing scheme, Tela's, everyone else take notice!Telas is a great addition to Fairmount and a perfect spot for coffee, lunch, or fresh groceries. 
For coffee, the serve Four Barrel and have a full range of espresso drinks and ready made, drip coffee. The coffee is good and the baristas prepare consistently good espresso drinks.  They also have iced coffee on the menu if that is your thing. Along with the coffee they have a hot tea menu. 
For prepared food, they have a lengthy breakfast menu which is served until 3pm and a lunch menu they start serving at 11am. (Go between 11-3 for lots of options!) The sandwiches and salads are really fresh with great breads and produce used throughout.
And Tela's is the perfect spot for a few groceries or last minute dinner items too.  They have a small, but well curated produce section, great artisan breads, fresh fish, specialty meat & cheeses, and tons of spreads and sides to add on.  They also have several ready-to-go meal options that you can take home and finish cooking - such as seasoned and breaded fish fillets.
Overall, this is a new favorite stop on our walks around the neighborhood with the dog!I thought this was strictly a coffee shop, but it's actually a cute little food market/cafe. GREAT brunch options, fantastic iced coffee, and the best oatmeal I've probably ever had. Portions are pretty good, prices for the cafe side are decent. 
Plenty of seating, some private tables, some communal, and some outdoor seats as well. A chill place to grab a bite with some friends or do some work. It gets a bit noisy around meal times and with customers coming in and out of the market occasionally, but overall a great place to check out!Best fruit granola and yogurt bowl ever!  Perfect amount of everything!!!  Lovely market with a nice assortment of gourmet items.The coffee is amazing!  It is addictive and has you craving it months later.  That's why we went today when my brother in law was in town.  The breakfast was disappointing.  My Tela's breakfast toast was soggy not toasty.  The meal in general was priced too high.  Also the service is slow at best and nonexistent at worst.  My husband ordered the pancakes. On the menu "all breakfast items are served with potatoes."   Except apparently they only were referring to the Tela's breakfast, as both his pancakes and my brother in law's oatmeal did not. When we asked the employee, he said we were the third group to ask.  If that's the case,  they need to address the communication issue without needing to begrudgingly give you a bowl of potatoes to compensate the misleading and confusing menu.Best of the coffee shops in Fairmount. Service is consistently above & beyond friendly. $5 for a large coffee and great bagel - I used to pay $8-9 for the same at OCF or Mugshots. Shrimp and grits are also yummy and priced well for the portion ($8). I love that I can pop in and grab fresh produce also.Update: I was very pleasantly surprised this morning when I bought my egg sandwich (bacon, egg and cheese) to find out that it now comes with potatoes on the side! I no longer feel like I am overpaying ($5 for a very simple sandwich) now that it also comes with a side of hashbrown-like potatoes. Thanks, Tela's! Still wish that the lunch items were a dollar or two cheaper and/or larger or had an additional side as the breakfast items now do.This place is amazing! Food is fresh and delicious and the service is great! It's a great place to grab something to make for a nice dinner but also a great place to eat. They also have tastings as well!My go to spot for coffee, sandwiches, apple pies and meats and cheeses.  Friendly staff, set up perfectly and has just enough of variety of market items to make it hard to pass this place up.  Don't forget to look at the great selection of cheese.  I love coming here, you can get good breakfasts, good sandwiches or choose from different ready to cook meal pieces at decent prices.  They have a good, but small selection of vegetables.  In the warmer months, it's a great place to sit outside and enjoy this great neighborhood.  I can't say enough good things about this place.After we placed our order at the counter we managed to score some seats at Tela's on Sunday morning around 9am. That's no small feat considering Tela's is the place to be in Fairmount on a weekend morning. We waited with our number at the table for about 5 minutes for our breakfast sandwiches to arrive. I had a one with sausage and Dining Partner had one with thick flavorful bacon.Both came with runny fried eggs and the most delicious part of them were the fresh, fluffy brioche buns. Both sandwiches were served with chunky breakfast potatoes. 2 sandwiches ran us about $14 bucks. The only thing that was a bit confusing was what to do with our dishes when we finished. Other customers had the same question. Do we leave them on the table or do we put them in a central location? It would be nice to have some guidance on this for the future. Anyhow, totally recommend it!A wonderful spot whether you are grabbing coffee, breakfast, lunch, or a needed ingredient for your dinner at home. Tela's has polite staff, a clean crisp feel, and great options. 
I have previously enjoyed their coffees and breakfast burrito. Today, I enjoyed a Roasted Pork sandwich, which I would highly recommend.Been here a few different times and each experience was great. Last night I was there closer to closing and was craving some fresh juice. The guy who helped me was so sweet and friendly even at the very end of his shift when I'm sure everyone was ready for their workday to be over. He certainly didn't show that and made me feel very welcome. The decor is my favorite and the food is always delicious.One of my favorite spots in the neighborhood. Omelettes and pancakes are great. Friendly service and a fun atmosphere.Love this place. Mixes the convenience of a small grocery store with a delicious cafe. 
The grocery is limited but has just about all the necessaries you would need for quick, small shooing. Fresh produce, meats, and cheeses. 
The cafe has yet to fail us. We bring friends and family here when they visit - everyone really enjoys the food and trendy atmosphere. Did I mention is less than 2 blocks away. Super convenient. 
We like to go to breakfast there. Prices are totally reasonable. Food is always good. I really like the realist burrito. The real winner is the crispy potatoes on the side. They are killer. Eat it.Tela's is great if you need a few things and can't bear to deal with the Whole Foods parking lot.  The market has a good variety of fruits, prepared dishes to go like soup and hummus, and also a bunch of different diet-conscious (gluten, vegan, etc) items on sale.  The other night I was rushing to get home from work to try to get a parking spot and I needed a few things to prepare dinner. Tela's was there for me! Lemons, fennel, and a few other things and I had dinner ready in no time that night.  
I also give them a high rating because of their specialty cheese selection. Excellent! And they are very knowledgeable about them too.  
Yay for Fairmount!Tela's is a fantastic addition to the neighborhood. I often go for a sit-down breakfast and have really liked everything on the menu. The breakfast burrito is my favorite - I have brought various friends with me there for the explicit purpose of trying it. The egg yolk within the burrito is runny by default (I assume you could alter that by request), and I just love the gooey deliciousness that follows with every bite. It comes with a good amount of home fries too all for about $7 which is a good value for the amount of food. I've also enjoyed the egg sandwich, which comes on a delicious, buttery brioche bun that really makes the sandwich. I've gotten the meatball parm and the matteo for lunch which I've also really liked, though they are a little on the smaller side for the price. The atmosphere is bright and open and clean, and the staff is always very friendly.It's a nice boutique market but I won't be back anytime soon.  Prices are so expensive for basic items.  Just paid $5 for a loaf of bread ($6 for wheat). Cheeses are close to $30/pound.  Not sure why this place has to have such high prices for basics.Decent, but nothing that blows me away, particularly for the prices being charged for certain items. I have had the meatball parm which was good but skimpy on the meatballs (way more bread than balls), the turkey club which was the best thing I have had here, the breakfast burrito (too many beans, not enough choriZo), and the egg sandwich (again skimpy, go to rybread).
The coffee is OK - won't draw me from cafe laube. 
I like the baguettes. 
Looking forward to trying the meat/ fish available, however this is not a go to for me in the neighborhood and will only be used for convenience.I really, really want to like this place.  It's about a block from home and on my way to work, and I love the space.  But, it's completely over-priced, and I often get apathetic service (once the girl cutting my prosciutto rolled her eyes when I requested two ounces -- "We cut in pounds").  Today I paid $8.37 for a small latte and a chocolate croissant.  $8.37!  It used to be $7.83 for the same thing, and I can go two blocks down the street (and from now on, I will) to OCF and pay less than $7 for the same thing.  The younger staff in general (presumably college kids) seem generally confused by anything not found on their script, and I sometimes have to wait a long time for my order to be filled, and if you sit down to eat, be prepared to wait.  Also, their coffee cups leak.  If I order a drip coffee and walk it four blocks down the street to my office, my hand is soaked by the time I get there.  Tela's, I wanted to like you and be a loyal customer.  But I just can't anymore.Whenever I need to take a break from my terrible cooking and treat myself, I go to Tela's. I highly recommend the Buttermilk Fried Chicken sandwich! Personally, I can't get enough of it.Oh my goodness talk about the cutest place ever! Tela's is half market and half restaurant. There isn't a whole lot of seating so it's not a great place for big groups. Located in beautiful Fairmount!While waiting for my car to be serviced down the street, I came in here to grab breakfast. The place is great because there is a seating area where food can be ordered and a market section for fish, meats, and other market items. Stop in and eat then grab your groceries and head out. 
The cashier was pretty nice. I was undecided between the veggie omelet and the granola but she was patient as there was no line. Being here around 9am, I was surprised to see as many people as I did but I'm sure if it hadn't been raining as hard as it was, there would be more people than this.
It's a really cute place to grab breakfast or have a quick meet with one or a few friends. They have the space to accommodate.Update: after the manager read my review, he contacted me to apologize and let me know that the kitchen was having a system error of some sort with the particular item my friend ordered. He said that they tried to offer refunds to everyone but we left before he could offer my friend a refund, and have his contact information to offer him one. Great customer service & great P.R... I did mention I really do like the food! Customer service goes a long way with me so my rating went from 2 stars straight to 5 based on this.Tela's is a hip little restaurant/market in Fairmount. I went here for brunch with my parents, and the service was decently fast. The food was delicious; I had an egg sandwich with bacon and I would love to taste more of the menu! The cost was about what I expected for brunch in the city.
The inside is cool industrial-chic with a very hipster vibe. I didn't buy anything but I was very impressed with their cheese selection as well as their local ice cream. The shop is pricey, but the food is quite high-end. I would stop in again for cheese!This is probably my favorite brunch place in the area. It tends to get really crowded during the weekend and there are limited tables - I hope they will open a place that is solely for the dine in. The other half is a market that provides local fruits/veggies and a great selection of prepped foods, and even meats. The food is always fresh and good quality. My usually are the Lenny bagel and Tela's breakfast platter. I love the strawberry jam w real strawberries and the butter is real as well! ( there are a lot of foods out there that aren't real food, ok. Lol) The coffee is awesome too, definitely a great place to grab and go or sit down for lunch/ dinner. The people are all very friendly as well!I've been to Tela's a handful of times and each time I have been disappointed 1st with the sour milk and off taste of their coffee, 2nd with the inconsistent bread used in their egg sandwiches (grilled burger buns?) 3rd the stale pastries. 
The most disappointing part however, is the fact that every time I have tried to purchase the affogato I have been told "We already cleaned the machines (2 hrs before close)" or "It's too early in the day" and then when I asked when they actually sell it they say anytime of the day...but clearly the catch being that their employees aren't already packed up and ready to quit or just generally don't feel motivated to serve the customer. 
I won't be going back again after close to a half a dozen visits trying to convince myself I should like it (mainly due to the proximity to my apartment)I like this place - I really do, but I just can't go crazy about it.  If you read my other reviews you know I love breakfast places and they have a nice selection.  The slimmy with egg whites is always good.  The portions are nice, but I just get this vibe that they would rather be a market first - hey, hence their name.  The service is pleasant, but at times slow and less than enthusiastic.  In any case - check it out - if you haven't already - for a good breakfast - just don't have high expectations for speedy service.  Sorry - hey I'll go there again - it is better than Mugshots :)Great atmosphere. This is where the hipster crowd scattered after parents started going to starbucks. 
My issue is price. It has a great market-type environment, which is usually home to good prices and local growers. I'm not sure where the farming is done, but the hustle is done in this market. Salmon for $30?
Coffee is good, not too overpriced either. Good spot, more expensive than whole foods though.Let me just say that Tela's is the best addition to the neighborhood, and I've lived here for 28 years. 
There is just so much variety in this establishment, I don't know where to begin. Do you need fresh seafood? They have it. Ground beef? Steak? Filet? Prime rib? They have it. Oysters? Fresh, deveined shrimp? Not a problem! And, in my opinion, it's better quality than Whole Foods. 
My family has utilized Tela's catering options for our Thanksgiving and Christmas Eve appetizer spreads. They give you SO MUCH FOOD. Hummus, dips, a variety of cheese and meats, and all the delicious breads as an accompaniment. We've ordered their seafood platters, particularly their shrimp cocktail and our guests have raved of everything.  They've even helped us carry the platters FROM Tela's TO our home. What a wonderful staff. 
Where do I even begin? Their prepared food is so fresh and so flavorful, and they have such a variety! Salmon, steak, chicken, crab cakes...and all of the side dishes one could imagine. They conveniently started preparing to-go salads, wraps, hummus, soups, and side-dishes in their refrigerator section and I usually venture to that area at least once a week. Their wraps and salads are HUGE! I buy one, and bring it to work and/or school for at least two days. The best part? Making my coworkers envious of my lunch. Sorry, guys. 
I find myself gravitating toward their chicken wrap and/or chicken house salad. They're pretty similar, except one is obviously wrapped in a delicious tortilla. Their honey mustard is light and uniquely homemade. They use fresh, roasted chicken that is so juicy, it nearly melts in your mouth. It has texture that's reminiscent of the juiciness of a post-Thanksgiving sandwich. 
They have a variety of unique sodas, teas, and coffees  to-go (hooray for Orangina!) but they also have a coffee bar where you can order fresh in-house coffee or tea to accompany your delectable sandwich or salad that can be made to order. I usually go for the roasted turkey sandwich, but I sub wheat instead of the white and it's awesome. You can choose fries or a salad, and usually I opt for the salad because I really dig their house dressing, which is a white balsamic. 
They also have a variety of fabulous breakfast sandwiches, with a perfectly cooked egg on a tasty and buttery brioche bun. Their bacon is thick, smokey, and cooked to perfection. 
I love you, Tela's.this is a cute and well stocked market. that said, their breakfast burrito is an absolute caricature of breakfast burritos. their breakfast burrito shames burritos more than donald trump shames the united states. mine came with the cheese, salsa, and potatoes on the outside of the tortilla, and even with so many of the contents outside the actual burrito, the burrito was soaked in salsa and not well wrapped enough to eat it by hand. also, over easy eggs? runny egg yolks should not exist in breakfast burritos. please either make a real breakfast burrito or stop assuming that all it takes to make something a taco/burrito/etc is a tortilla. and shame on every food writer and food reviewer in philadelphia who continues to recommend the burrito at this place and other similar tortilla-wrapped horror shows.Beautiful market. Would love to do more exploring here, but from my first visit, I will say my latte was good but a little too lukewarm. Hope to return for a more full review.If only Tela's stocked items that weren't so expensive, I would be there all the time. It is *very* close to me. Unfortunately, I've yet to have a connection with the place despite multiple visits.
Instead, Tela's serves as more of a splurge grocery location for me. Aka: If I'm too lazy to travel to a large grocery store, I'll walk down the block and grab a few items. I really like their salads, for instance. The kale one with the lemon dressing is superb, and it will often last for more than one meal -- making it worth the price.
I wish they would perhaps create a little budget section. That would be awesome.I want to like this place because it's so close to my apartment, but I've been about five times over the past three months and it's consistently disappointing. I've had their bagels twice which are fine, nothing to write home about (which is the case for all bagels in Philly. Where can I get a big-ass bagel that's both soft and got a little crunch on the outside?!). Their coffee is fine, again nothing to write home about. The grocery items look interesting, but much of it I could find at Whole Foods for less. The thing that prevents me from making this place my go-to coffee stop in the morning or even trying anything else on the menus besides a bagel is the service. Every time I have gone in it's been so slow and disorganized. The same girl has always rung me up and it always seems like it's her first day at the register. The rest of the staff always seem to be rushing around putting out fires, like making someone's drink that was forgotten or running to the back to get a dish that someone is waiting for. Basically everyone seems scattered and I could walk to Mugshots and back in the time it takes Tela to get me a coffee.  I would not recommend Tela's simply based on service, especially when OCF, Cafe L"Aube and Mugshots are just as close.Cute little cafe & market. Ambience is inviting and open. Cafe menu is superb  good value for what you get. I had the "green wrap" which was hearty, filling and healthy with loads of veggies. Ate it so quickly I forgot to take a photo. Their standard coffee is decent, not quite superb. But I do like how they offer mugs "to stay" (with free refills) to reduce waste. Pleasantly surprised to see their produce options fairly priced for the season (radishes, spring mix, herbs, cabbage etc. were all in like with grocery store prices). Considering they have a small shop I was expecting them to be exorbitant. They have a great deal on Philly muffins ($2.99/pack) compared to other sellers. I'm DYING to try their pot pie. Seems like a nice quick meal for an "easy dinner" night. The fish&meat section looked very fresh, but was missing many price tags and descriptions. That tends to scare me away, thinking they're probably too expensive. Though, I'm fine with paying more for animal protein if they list the source info, but you'd have to ask for this info every selection. 
Overall, seems like a great spot. Plan to come back!Good atmosphere for working. I love to come here for breakfast when I am hungover. It always gives me life to eat their delicious food!Tela's is near my work place so I had to try it out. The first time I went here was with a colleague and I got the pesto pasta salad. & the other day I picked up a Philadelphia cheesecake and a cinnamon bun. I was really disappointed with the cheesecake. The cheesecake tasted really weird. Tela's is a good place to sit and work, a lot of the customers their are sitting and working on their computers. I have been their a couple of times after work to grab to go pre-made meals. I love their roasted potatoes but I was disappointed with all the other meals I picked up specially their cheesecake it tasted rotten. I have to mention this place also sells groceries and it's quite expensive!Not a yelper however this was not a good first impression and definitely my last
Recently had eye surgery so I asked the not so busy counter person if they had chicken salad......................Surly response "Like what"s there "He then proceeded to ignore me
Closer than Whole Foods however I don't need attitude when I clearly have a vision problem and need help. Good Luck and meet the neighbors !We ate here today and ordered a well-done burger along with a shrimp over rice meal.  Unfortunately the burger came out closer to medium rare. This alone is understandable. Sometimes mistakes happen. However taking the burger back thar we had already taken a bite out of and re-cooking it, is unacceptable! It's unsanitary and very poor customer service. To give a customer back a burger back in that manner is beyond horrible service.   It's unfortunate because I have eaten here several times before and expected a higher level of service.Good food and great service. Prices are a bit on the high side, but not ridiculous.  The atmosphere is very social and friendly.Don't have a lot to say about this place, except it's great.  I just wanted to add my five stars.  The food is delcious, the service is excellent, the grocery has a decent selection of basic fruits, veggies, and herbs, which is useful.  It's pricey, but it's one of the places I don't mind spending a little extra, because the quality is worth it.
I reccommend:  any of the salads, or a matteo sandwich.I'm rating them down not because their food isn't good - it is. But they take advantage of the fact that they are the only accessible food place in the near vicinity to prey on consumer's wallets. And I don't just mean a small mark up... It's pretty egregious. Through the last year, they've also been continuously increasing prices noticeably. Every time I go, I tell myself I'm not going to patronize that establishment again because I've just been robbed of my weekly salary, but inevitably I do out of convenience. I regret it every time.
A coffee and a muffin cost me $9 this morning. I paused for a moment before handing her my credit card because I was in disbelief. I noticed that the old couple in front of me had a similar reaction when she told them the price - they also did a double-take when she told them their two coffees and bagel totalled $17. I still have no idea how you can get to $9 with a coffee and a muffin, but it's a little disturbing. Moreover, the muffin was awful: cold, oily, not fresh, sickly sweet.
There are lots of great restaurants in this city in prime locations that use fresh ingredients (so I don't wanna hear the high overhead cost argument) that make truly great food and don't take advantage of the common person with predatory pricing. Tela's need to learn a thing or two about the ethics of running a business.This review is more for the market side, not the kitchen.
I had high hopes for this place.
And I'm usually reluctant to give neighborhood businesses bad reviews since I live around here and want to see them thrive.
But...
It's pretty much just a high end (or tries to be) corner store. It's somewhat useful if you're running out of the essentials, like bananas, fruits, eggs, milk, etc. They don't sell sandwich meat ,which is stupid. Their only option for non-dairy milk is a small carton of soy milk. Their fruits go bad REALLY fast. I got fruits from there on more than one occasion and within a few hours they were growing mold. Ew. 
I also won't go into detail about how unfriendly they are. 
Step it up, Tela's. Step. It. Up.Great products and fresh delicious food!  
On my first visit to Telas I had the meatball sandwich. I know one would say " its just a meatball sandwich" but I beg to differ! It was the perfect balance of herbs and spices on a delicious french roll with sharp provolone cheese.  Every bite was definitely worth cheating on my diet! On another visit I had the homemade chicken noodle soup, it definitely hit the spot!
What I love about this place is it is not pretentious at all.  You can go in be greeted by a lovely staff member and assisted with your needs.  They aren't all in your business if you just want to browse around, but they are definitely there to help!
Some of my favorite highlights: Metropolitan Bread, Piave Vecchio cheese and Maldon Salt... MY FAVORITE SNACK! Others include their extensive beverage case to include Mash, Boylans, Bruce Cost and Lorina, fresh produce, meats and seafood and of course their prepared foods case.  This place is fabulous!  If you are around the area check it out for lunch or grab the ingredients to make a great dinner at home!Truly meh. Tela's is a trendy space and cool idea, kind of like a mini Dean & DeLuca. The concept is worth four stars, but in execution - not so great.
My iced latte and arugula/peach/bleu cheese salad came out to $18. The salad was heavy on dressing, light on bleu cheese crumbles, and featured maybe a third of a peach's worth of very thin peach slices with the soft texture and brown consistency of fruit that's been sitting in the fridge for two or three days.
My dining companion enjoyed her cappuccino, but said the veggie burger was just ok. They were out of the avocado that normally comes with the burger, and when she asked what they could sub instead, the guy ringing her up only offered bacon. On a veggie burger... Not what my vegan friend was looking forCute spot for brunch! Good number of items on the menu and service is pretty quick. You order at the counter and find seating yourself. We came around 9:45 on a Saturday and didn't have trouble finding seating although by the time we were finished there were many people waiting to sit. The food is pretty good and standard for brunch. There's also a small market which seems nice!I was very excited to try this place out but I was definitely very disappointed on my first and probably only visit. The layout is a bit confusing and the staff were not very helpful in orientating customers for their first time experience. It took forever for them to make my order and then when it came out and it was not even what I ordered? I saw a bunch of managers talking and they were blatantly ignoring customers? They might want to focus more on the customers they have rather than new business plans!
This places needs to work out a lot of kinks before it would be somewhere I would want to return to again!Have to disagree with several of the other reviews. Maybe they were written too soon after the place opened. The staff is amazingly friendly, helpful and knowledgable. 
Its true there isn't a ton on the menu. But for a coffee/sandwich/produce place its extremely adequate. 
Yes the prices are a bit high but for the prepared foods especially its worth it. I've had a few of the sandwiches and soups and some of the breakfast foods and everything has been great. 
With federers and Garden Fresh closing in the last year, there's nothing like it in the Fairmount/Spring Garden neighborhood outside of Whole Foods. And the quiet, crowded atmosphere of this place is much appreciated.I've eaten here a few times and have yet to be disappointed. Everything is always fresh and they got some good choices, especially for breakfast. It can take a bit to make your food so I'd suggest ordering ahead to avoid the wait. The only reason i'm giving a 4/5 is because the coffee isn't the best. It's not bad but there are better options in the area for coffee.I think this spot is incredible, very much a hidden treasure, the staff is helpful and pleasant. The food is fresh, impeccably presented, and well prepared. 
I would recommend the Waldorf Chicken SaladWe love Tela's Market & Kitchen!  Big fluffy pancakes, crispy bacon and awesome omelets are some of our breakfast favorites.  And the lunch specials rarely disappoint.  Plus, the staff is super friendly on the spot with clearing off in-demand tables.  Not the cheapest spot on Fairmount, but definitely worth it.  You can even pick up some fresh meats, prepared foods and grocery staples on your way out the door.One of my favorite spots in Fairmount! Delicious breakfast & authentically chill vibes.A new place for brunch for us. Hubs had Tela's breakfast with a pancake and I had shrimp and grits with a side of eggs. Overall, it was just OK. Nothing was especially flavorful. Atmosphere, service and location were ideal but I can't say it had the yum factor on food compared to our other Fairmount favorites like FARE and HIckory Lane. Also, it's more casual than those two since you get your own water, cutlery and napkins. They do have a nice food market including seafood which I do plan on checking out.Its a great addition to the neighborhood and the breakfast food and coffee is great. I went both saturday and sunday of the opening weekend.  It's the first weekend so ill give them the benefit of the doubt, but they need to work on the register/ordering situation.  Its painstakingly slow to wait in line for simply a coffee or ordering food. Also please consider extending saturday breakfast past 10:30 if possible.  Only Mcdonalds does that.What a wonderful and unique spot! Headed here in the AM after a long and early flight and was not disappointed. Olivia, the girl who made my latte, did a wonderful job. She was so friendly, pretty fast, and was helpful when I explained I wanted a non-dairy alternative in my latte. Great spot, great latte!I had the chicken club sandwich with lettuce, tomato, bacon, cheese, and slices of bread that were HEAVILY buttered! The sandwich came with a side of salad greens. Water is provided. This little kitchen is in amidst of a market where cheeses and fresh produce is sold. On the side there are tables for people to sit and eat. The decor in this place was cool and the service was awesome! When in Fairmont area of Philly, I wouldn't mind going back.Tela's is a neighborhood gem. They have a restaurant side which is casual like a cafe and a grocery side. 
I love stopping in here for random groceries, snacks, and good prepared foods. It is great to avoid the long lines and huge crowds at the big grocery stores. 
Recently I tried their breakfast, I had the green wrap with eggs, herby goat cheese, and veggies in a spinach tortilla. It was delicious! I will definitely be back for more! If you life nearby I highly recommend Tela's for a quiet, affordable, and exceedingly fresh meal - breakfast, lunch, or dinner. Their cold brew coffee is pretty good as well.I went to Tela's today, on a whim.  My husband and I were driving into Center City from Chestnut Hill to go to the Rittenhouse Spa.  Due to several detours, we ended up on Fairmount Avenue, saw the place and I commented on how cute and warm it looked.  We went to the Rittenhouse, and decided against Famous 4th Street Deli (HUGE MISTAKE!  HUGE!!!!), and decided to try out Tela's.  What a terrible experience.  I dropped my husband off and went to park the car.  I had specifically said I really wanted an egg white omelette, one of my favorite things.  I walked in and he said he had spoken to a woman who said of course, they would be more than willing to do an egg white omelette.  This is not rocket science.  It is eggs without the yolks, with cheddar cheese and bacon.  I asked for toast and was told it came with potatoes.  I asked if I could substitute toast for the potatoes, and the gentleman ringing us up said NO.  I asked if I could purchase a side of toast; again, NO.  Okay, I will take the just the egg white omelette please.  So, we sat down with my ice tea and our food came...it was an omelette that had virtually, no bacon, cheddar cheese, and some other stuff I didn't want.  We just looked at each other and shook our heads.  The young man at the register (wearing a brown stocking cap, long hair, beard, plaid shirt and black glasses) was one of the most arrogant, ignorant, self entitled millennials I have ever met.  Talking to us was an issue, our order was an issue, side orders were an issue.  I agree that the place is really cute and very warm on the decorative side, but the employees are just flat out rude.  If you really want a great (and cheap) egg white omelette made perfectly with loads of bacon and cheese, take the 20 minute drive to The Trolley Car Diner on Germantown Avenue in Mount Airy or go to Famous 4th Street.  Employees rock!  Food rocks!  Everything on both menu's is awesome!  Will never go here again, yet alone, take out of town guests.  I would be horrified by my guests' possible treatment.   I lived in Fairmount not long ago, and grew up in the city.  If this is what the neighborhood is turning into; they can keep it, and their attitude too.  Believe me, they do not have the intelligence to do anything other than what is EXACTLY on the menu.  Again, not rocket science here people.  Be a little adventurous!Tela,s is everything you want in chic brunch spot: Breakfast Sammie's, good coffee, a great vibe and La Croix. The sandwich's are large and tasty. I enjoy their roast pork which I think is their best item. They have prepared lunches which are of high quality and the price reflects that. Overall it's a great spot to cure a hangover.My dad was visiting and I wanted to take him for a quick, tasty bite to eat in the neighborhood. I've taken visitors here a handful of times and usually, everyone is satisfied with the food and service. Today was the last time I will be going, however. We ordered 2 very simple things - a green wrap and a bagel. We got our coffees at the coffee bar and took our number to find a seat. We waited about 30 minutes and no food was in sight. When my dad asked one of the guys (red hair) if he could check on our food, he barely looked us in the eye and said, "I'm sure it's coming; we're just busy." Seriously? Not even an ounce of effort to see if you could PRETEND to check on our food for customer service? This was also after I had to ask the baristas if they could put some more plastic or metal forks out in the grab section, since none were in sight either. My dad about lost his temper a few minutes after that guy made no effort to check on our food, so he went over and found the assistant manager who happily gave us a refund. It's a shame that they don't care about customer service - I usually recommend Tela's to people, but if they can't execute any management skills with any friendliness to their customers, I have no interest in going back. I now see what all the others were talking about below.I've been coming here since it opened, and I USED to love it.  I have left 3 times this month without buying anything because of the $5 minimum on debit cards. As much as I hate to admit this- I actually went to OCF for my coffee. Gasp!  I feel like overall it has gone downhill a little, but the food is still really good.Meh. That's pretty much all I have to say about Tela's. The place is a market with meats, cheeses, and other fancy grocery items to buy, as well as a counter where you can order food to eat right there at some community tables. The grocery part seems overpriced, and a lot of the other items (like some of the meats) didn't really seem to have prices at all. 
The kitchen portion does have a pretty varied menu, which as many reviewers have said, has enough variation to please everyone. I majorly dislike eggs, so it is often difficult to find a place for brunch... based on the good reviews, my husband and I came to Tela's, and I happily found that they had tacos on the menu.
Unfortunately, the tacos weren't really much to write home about. Other than whatever salsa was on top, they really had no flavor. The pulled chicken looked like something I would attempt in my own slow cooker, and was super messy and greasy. It soaked the tortillas until they were basically falling apart, and drained all over my plate (see photo with this review).
Long story short, Tela's didn't really seem like my sorta spot. Although it appears rather trendy with super cute tables lining the outside, I found the food to be rather mediocre, and wouldn't come back.Their jalapeño hummus is really good, and their provolone cheese was super fresh and delicious. Some stuff is fairly priced, especially the fresh food, but a lot of their stuff is sadly way overpriced.We just moved into the neighborhood a few months ago. Tela's quickly won us over--everything from a morning cappuccino, a delicious breakfast or lunch, or picking up a few groceries! It's charming, warm, friendly and menu is impressive for a market/kitchen concept. Highly recommend this place!Good concept for the neighborhood; however, they need more competent staff. They are not attentive, slow, snarky, and not the least bit helpful. 
The worst was due to the girl behind the counter too busy flirting with guy behind me (and disregarded that I was waiting first, btw, there were no other customers at the time) to ring me up after politely requesting for her to do so, I had to carry my groceries to the other counter and dropped everything. The guy did not try to help and only asked if I might need a new supply. And proceeded to be snarky as I left. F- on staff quality.Adorable slightly overpriced but delicious gourmet market in Fairmount selling to-go and sit in meals made to order, pre-made meals, and basic groceries. The people are always really friendly and the food is always delicious. It is definitely a great addition to the neighborhood.This place was cute. I came with the a friend for brunch and I enjoyed the atmosphere and the decor. We came around the middle of the day, which I have to imagine is one of the peak hours, because all the tables were pretty much occupied. There were a couple tables not cleared off, and I couldn't tell if anyone ever cleaned them. We had a few crumbs in the cracks where we sat. We did see someone clean after the crowd dissolved.
Food was pretty tasty. The fries tasted similar to fast food restaurants, which surprised me. They were good, though no "artisan" or hand-cut type of thing going on here.
The chicken sandwich I ordered was drenched in sauce, which made it hard to tell if the chicken had any real flavor, but somehow it worked. The brioche bun also made it good. 
I had a little bit of my friend's strawberry pancake and it wasn't that moist, but the toppings were good.
I would return. It was a bit pricey, but a nice place to stop in if in the area.Their food is great! They also have a little market inside for grab-and-go type of things. Will come backGreat local spot! I love their food and I am obsessed with their natural juices. It's also a super convenient spot to pick up prepared food and produce.Just tried this place again, hoping this time was a fluke. It was not. The staff is so rude and snarky. If I could give this place zero stars I would.
Good concept for the neighborhood; however, they need more competent staff. They are not attentive, slow, snarky, and not the least bit helpful.I have been going to this place from the beginning and feel like service is going down hill as well as the food. Numerous incidents with the staff being unfriendly. Today I got the pancakes and found a hair that definitely wasn't mine. When I brought it up to the front, to let the kid know. His response to me telling him I found a hair in my pancakes was "cool" when I walked away he was laughing about it with other customers.... I won't be going back, it's unfortunate because I'm usually there 2/3 times a week for something.I used to go to Tela's all the time. I went this week and the quality was much worse. Plus when I ordered a frozen lemonade, the guy working the cash register touched the frozen drink with his fingers before blending it, without washing his hands, directly after handling my cash. I was disgusted and had to decline the drink. I ate the sandwich I ordered and ended up getting food poisoning. Never go here.One of my favorite neighborhood spots. 
Telas has never disappointed. Their menu has varying options for all different types of people and everyone can find something they'll like with rotating specials that always catch my eye. 
The market is wonderful if you have forgotten an item or two at the grocery store and want to run and get it- otherwise doing your entire shopping list there will be pricey!!! 
It gets crowded here on Saturday and Sunday mornings but if you bring a good book or good company the time goes by fast and the food makes the wait worth it. 
I truly enjoy Telas Market and will find myself in there very often trying new things off their